 The fantastic night and morning I spent with Kristine left me eager for more. Especially after I'd had another memorable session with the sexy couple who'd initiated my bisexual career. Daniella and Michael had shown me what fun dildos could be and given me two sex toys, and I was eager to try them out with someone. I'd been with a couple of girls since then, but both had seemed quite vanilla in their sexual preferences, so I hadn't let my kinky side out. But I was fairly sure that Kristine would be game for anything I might suggest.

So I did my best to get her to go home with me whenever I had the chance. She clearly considered my interest a compliment but still rejected me, though politely and kindly. After I'd pursued her during another college party, asking her to dance several times, she finally explained as we had the last couple of dances at the end of the night. "I'm very flattered, honey, yes and tempted too, I won't deny that. Spending the night with you now and then would be fun. But I've no intention of becoming a habit for a guy right now, not even for casual sex and a sweet young stud like you, Anders." I got her point, but it just made me even more eager to seduce her once more. 

But I realized that I'd have to be clever, so I spent some time asking around a bit and finding out more about Kristine. Then I laid plans for catching my elusive prey. It was actually more fun that just jumping into bed with girls who were easier to persuade. Also I'd already been in trouble with one of my one-night stands wanting more than just a casual fuck. It made me uncomfortable and annoyed at the same time. I'd no intentions of toying with the feelings of my partners, and though my signals had been pretty clear, I felt bad that I'd been misunderstood. At least with Kristine there would be no risk of that.

Anyway, as part of my plan I booked a fitness session in a place, where I'd discovered that Kristine had dancing lessons once a week. I took a shower before working out and I made sure to pace myself so that I only got a little bit sweaty. Just enough to exude a subtle male scent together with my deodorant. Shortly before Kristine's dance session ended, I went out and stood by the vending machine with sodas and energy bars. It was situated in the hall between the dance room and the women's changing room. When Kristine came walking -- luckily alone -- I caught her eyes. She stopped and sounded genuinely surprised to see me: "Hey, Anders, what are you doing here?"

I went closer and smiled warmly at her: "I'm waiting for you, actually." At my candid admission Kristine looked quite astonished and I immediately went on: "I wanted to ask you, if you'd like to go with me to a tea dance event, I've heard about. It's held once every month with different dance instructors, and afterwards there's tea, coffee and homemade cakes. It's for complete beginners and sounds rather fun, but they recommend that you bring a partner if possible. So I thought I'd ask you, if you'd like to join me." I sent her another beaming smile and tried to look perfectly innocent.

However, Kristine had gotten over her surprise, and she inclined her head sideways and pinned me with a knowing look. Together with her answer it showed that she was on to me. "A very tempting offer, Anders. Three things that I love in one night: dancing, cakes and sex. Cause I'm sure that you expect me to go home with you afterwards?" She tried to sound indignant but her eyes were full of laughter and at the end of her small speech a smile popped out. When I grinned back and casually said that she was welcome to make do with the third part, she smacked my arm. "Oh no, I don't want to miss anything, so I'm going to take you up on all three -- if the invitation is genuine?"

In reply I pulled a flyer from the pocket of my shorts and showed her the dates and information about place and time. The next theme was Two to Tango in a week's time, and Kristine's eyes twinkled with amusement as she told me, she was free to go on that day. We agreed that she should come over to my place, and then we'd take a taxi together to the venue. After giving Kristine a hug and a quick kiss on the cheek when we said goodbye, I went back to my training session in a very good mood. Somehow I had the feeling, I was in for another amazing experience.

When Kristine came over, she was dressed in a skirt which seemed to made of thin silky scarves in different colors. They were attached to a wide band of black material which fit snugly around and accentuated her narrow waist. The fluttering pieces of soft fabric blurred the outline of her ample bottom and wide hips, making her look younger. Her top under the loose jacket was black, sleeveless and close fitting, and it made me want to caress her firm breasts in order to see the nipples become erect under the revealing material. I also enjoyed the sight of her pretty legs in shiny panty hose and low-heeled shoes.

Especially when Kristine twirled in front of me to show off her clever skirt at my admiring compliment, as this made the scarves reveal her shapely thighs. I was very much looking forward to spending time between them later that night! Her make-up was discrete and her hair style more moderate, but the happy party smile was exactly the same. I'd chosen a pair of black slacks which were snug at the waist but loose lower down, combined with a tight dark grey T-shirt and a comfortable jacket. Quite a handsome dancing couple, I thought.

When we arrived at the venue, people were just getting ready to start. There were two instructors, a man and a woman, who showed the steps and danced with the participants. Neither of us had tried tango before, so we kept to the simple steps and turns. It was actually hard work, but also excellent fun. So even though I'd selected this date as a way of enticing Kristine into my bed, I actually ended up enjoying the tango lesson. But one reason may of course have been that we danced very close together. Kristine's slim body moved against mine in the sensual way, our instructors tried to teach the participants. And let me tell you that getting shy, reticent, self-conscious Danes to do an erotic hot tango is almost impossible!

We were only separated by the instructors once, Kristine shone in the arms of the male teacher, while I did my best to emulate him with the female dancer. Afterwards we agreed that it had been rather demanding but also fun to dance with professionals, who made us look good. When I pulled Kristine into a warm embrace and whispered that even so I preferred to tango with her, she gave a little breathless giggle in my ear. "I agree, but I may have to change my panties, if we keep dancing like this!"

My dick had already stirred in my trousers several times, when our dancing had brought our bodies into close contact. But at her words it was suddenly a hard and demanding presence against her stomach, almost crying in delight with the idea of a wet pussy within reach. Kristine leant back a bit in my arms and her mischievous smile appeared. Her hips undulated gently as we moved down the floor in another variation of the tango, deliberately rubbing against my hard-on, cheeky bitch. When I blushed and pleaded with my eyes, she relented, and the rest of our dancing lesson went by the book.

Both of us had dropped our jackets on a chair early on, but we were still sweating by the time the lesson was over. Luckily they also served cold drinks with the cakes, as well as coffee and tea. Kristine sampled the various cakes with obvious pleasure, going back for seconds of those she liked best. When I asked her, if she didn't worry about her weight (which 90 percent of the girls at college did), she just shrugged. "I'm blessed with a high metabolism, so I can eat pretty much what I want without gaining." The mischievous glint in her blue eyes reappeared. "And anyway we're going to need lots of energy later on, aren't we?"

Once again I had to acknowledge that Kristine was fairly unique with her obvious and natural appetite for the good things of life. When the tea dance ended, we took a cab back to my place. While Kristine used the bathroom, I wen t into the living room, put on some music and pushed the furniture apart to create space for dancing. Kristine laughed in delight, when she came in and heard the characteristic melody of the famous Tango Jalousie by the Danish composer Jacob Gade. She immediately melted into my arms, and we enjoyed a couple of minutes in an uninhibited erotic tango, before we gave in to our lust and the dance degenerated into heavy kissing and fondling.

As the music ended, I was panting in her ear and trying to hold on to my last bit of self-control. "Fuck, Kristine, you turn me on so much that I just want to take you right now." My dick was applauding the idea as it rubbed against her soft warm belly.

Kristine's breath was moist and hot on my collar bone: "So why don't you, Anders? I'm absolutely desperate to have you inside me!" I turned her around and my hands found the edges of her underwear below her skirt. I pulled both panties and pantyhose down, exposing Kristine's sexy bottom. While she pushed them down in front and made them slide down her legs, I unzipped my trousers and freed my throbbing dick. We were standing right next to my sofa, which had a wide flat back in just the right height. I pushed her down and flipped the silky scarves of her skirt up and away.

She spread her legs, and seeing her thus, open, wet, bent over and willing to take my hard manhood, was probably one of the most enticing sights of my life so far. I have to admit that I lost it somewhat, when the head of my dick came in contact with Kristine's pussy. I rammed myself into her and as my naked shaft was enclosed by the hot, moist, smooth walls of her sex, I growled in selfish pleasure. However, Kristine moaned wantonly and pushed back at me, so I guess she also enjoyed the rough penetration. I fucked her without restrain, a totally egoistic, wild ride, until I reached an intense climax which left me gasping.

Like the first time I had taken her from behind, she encouraged me with words and motions. "Oh, yes, yes...more, yes, harder... mmm." When I came, Kristine did her best to milk me with her internal pussy muscles. Something my dick really appreciated, as it delivered the proof of how much it liked this wonderful place in the shape of fat dollops of sperm deep inside her. Oh yeah, this attractive woman had me -- or at least my manhood -- completely under her spell, no doubt about that. Though I had, on the face of it, just done a very macho fucking, I knew deep down that Kristine had never relinquished control of the situation.

When the last throes of my orgasm finally petered out, I just stood there for a bit, holding on to Kristine's hips. She wriggled her butt with a happy sigh: "Thank you Anders. I love being taken from behind. And especially like that!" I had to take a couple of deep breaths before I was able to return her thanks and convey how much I'd enjoyed it. The latter being somewhat unnecessary, I suppose, as I had certainly expressed my ecstasy very loudly. As I began to deflate, I pulled out and tried to help her stand up. But she shook her head: "No, get me some tissues first, unless you want wet spots all over your carpet."

Since our joint juices were already making wet streaks on the insides of her thighs, I could see her point. Pulling my boxers shorts up and stepping out of my trousers, I quickly fetched some paper, then shed my T-shirt and socks while she sorted herself out. Kristine gladly accepted my suggestion of taking a shower, and she quickly disappeared into my bathroom. I made a quick trip to the toilet before joined her in the shower, and we spent some time washing and caressing each other. Kristine made no objections, when my fingertips began circling on her anus, and she accepted a soapy finger in her asshole just as the first time. 

When I told her, I would like to fuck her there, she nodded: "OK, but you know the condition, you'll have to wear a condom." This was when I told her of my own requirement in relation to anal sex and fetched a new and unused water enema bottle. Kristine examined it with interest: "Hmm, yes, I've heard about this kind of equipment, but I've never tried it." She watched me fill it with warm, soapy water and demonstrate how to make it squirt. Totally unfazed by the somewhat awkward situation she accepted the bottle and took a trip to the toilet.

While she was gone, I washed myself carefully to be sure I was still clean inside and out. It took longer than expected before she returned, and I was beginning to worry. Maybe she'd regretted or been grossed out? But when Kristine came back, she sent me a cheeky grin: "That was actually rather fascinating, even if a bit weird. So I did a couple of extra rinses, just to make sure." I smiled back and pulled her into the warm water, relived and satisfied with her down-to-earth attitude. So nice to be with a sensible and dauntless woman.

I resumed my play with her asshole, this time using lube to get two fingers deep inside her, while my other hand teased her clit and made small detours into her pussy. Kristine definitely liked this game, and when she was almost begging me for more fingers, I suddenly withdrew. Handing her the lube, I turned my back and bent forward slightly. She got the point immediately and seemed eager to explore my ass in return. Damn it felt good, when her fingers massaged lube into my entrance and gradually entered me. Slowly one finger worked its way deeper inside, and Kristine soon realized that I was just as well prepared for anal play as she was. 

This seemed to turn her on quite a bit, and soon she was finger fucking me avidly. "Mmm, such a sexy butt. And you like this, don't you Anders?" She had spotted my rapidly burgeoning erection. "Very kinky and naughty. You really are a bad boy, aren't you?" I groaned with lust as her other hand closed on my dick, rubbing the shaft, then fondling my balls. She turned me, so she could bend over and suck me, and I expressed my pleasure in no uncertain terms. It was my first time with a girl going down on me while ramming fingers up my ass, but certainly not the last. Supposing I ever met anyone else, who'd do this for me. Or at least that was my hopeful thought, as I tried to keep my knees from buckling from the wonderful treat, Kristine was giving me. 

It was a good thing that I'd already come, otherwise I'd have given her a fast treat in return, in the shape of a huge mouthful cum. Now I was able to last and enjoy her skills. After a while we got out of the shower, dried ourselves and continued our play in the bedroom. I made Kristine lie on her back and got between her thighs to lick her, until she was writhing with pleasure. It was wonderful to feel her nub swell, as I worked it with lips and tongue. Her whimpers, as I licked the moist pussy entrance as well as the tight back door and stuck my tongue as far into both holes as possible, were sweet music in my ear.

When I finally stopped, her fingers immediately took over, and I smiled in satisfaction that Kristine didn't hesitate or felt any qualms about masturbating in front of me. I slid two fingers into her wet pussy and felt around. Soon my fingertips encountered the slightly rough spot which supposedly constituted the infamous G-spot, and Kristine moaned loudly as they circled gently on the sensitive area. Her already erect nipples contracted to small hard pebbles, and her whole body tensed. Moments later low breathless screams erupted from her mouth, as her finger almost blurred from the fast rubbing of her clit. 

I took in the awesome sight of Kristine's climax, while my fingers were hugged by the contracting walls of her hot channel. Fuck, she was beautiful when she came. When she relaxed and lay panting with her eyes closed, I pushed her fingers away to take over on the swollen nub. She whimpered excitedly and her hand found my manhood. The soft fingers spread the precum leaking from my slit over the swollen head, and then shifted to move the foreskin back and forth in time with the rhythm of my fingers on her nub. Her second orgasm was just as evident as the first, she squeezed my shaft hard, while cute sounds of pleasure fell from her lips.

But even more revealing were the contractions around my fingers which were now imbedded in both her pussy and her anus. I could feel the muscles at the edges of both holes quiver around the single digit in her back entrance and the double set fucking her primary tunnel in short jabs. Kristine was writhing and pushing down on my hand, and I was genuinely proud of my ability to give her ecstasy. As she came down from her high, the blue eyes opened and regarded me fondly. "Oh boy, I could get addicted to also having something up my bottom, when I come. That felt absolutely wonderful, Anders." 

I grinned down at her and withdrew my hands. "Would you like to try something even better?" I opened the drawer in my bedside stand and took my dildos, condoms and lube. Kristine's eyes went wide at the sight of the sex toys, but just as I had hoped, she was game. Rolling over, she spread her legs and stuck her ass into the air, and I wasted no time, but attacked her tan star with lube and the thin dildo. By the time I was pushing the condom clad rod into her ass, Kristine was moaning into the pillow, telling me how deliciously naughty it felt. Her hand was already busy at the front of her crevice.

Turning Kristine over on her back, I meant to insert the larger dildo in her pussy, but my dick was almost crying with need. It wanted another go at her orgasm tight pussy right now. We both remembered how fantastic she'd felt the last time we got access to paradise. Kristine seemed very happy with the idea, she spread her legs eagerly, when I got between her thighs. Nudging her wet entrance with the exposed head of my member had us both shuddering in gleeful anticipation, and as I almost forced my way up into the slick tunnel, she arched her hips and cried out.

No matter how much I appreciate a nice asshole, whether male or female, nothing beats a wet, willing, vibrating pussy. Kristine gave me the best compliment and treatment, a guy can ever get from a woman in my opinion, by immediately climaxing around the manhood penetrating her. It didn't matter that her busy fingers probably were the main reason she came, because her cries and body language conveyed the clear impression that being taken by me was the trigger for her climax. I've been lucky enough to make love to quite a number of lovely women so far, but few of them have been as vocal as Kristine in proclaiming her pleasure.

Maybe not all men feel the same, but I have to admit that I love women who by their movements, touches, kisses and sounds show that they love getting fucked by me. Kristine's hands fluttering on my butt, back and neck, her mouth kissing, licking and biting my neck, arms and shoulders, her whole body arching up against mine, while she emitted small, lust filled moans -- all of it doubled my own pleasure in ramming my dick into her hot, wet pussy. It was so tempting to just continue until I came, but I hadn't forgotten my earlier plans with this fascinating woman. So after I'd given both of us a mutually satisfying ride, I pulled out.

I sat back on my heels and tried to catch my breath, while enjoying the view and grabbing the large dildo. When I waved the sheathed toy in front of Kristine, she shook her head: "No thanks, I'm done in for a bit, I won't be able to come again just now." I nodded and put it down, then asked her to turn around. A little smirk broke out on my face, as I saw how eagerly she complied, getting on all fours and wriggling her plumb bottom enticingly. But when I'd removed the small dildo from her ass, she sat up and reached for it. "Now then, Anders, am I right in supposing where you'd like to have this?"
