 ~BIG THANKS to Angel Love for helping me the editing of my first story here on Literotica.~

Jordan had so much homework and needed to get home. She knew that, but there was no way she was about to give up that jeans sale at the mall. She walked from the college campus with a heavy bag on her shoulder that pulled down on the slight sleeve of her pink cotton, low cut shirt that raised just above her tanned belly slightly showing the tops of her perfectly firm 36D tits. Wearing her favorite pair of worn in jeans that hugged her hips so perfectly, she treaded along to the bus stop. Jordan got more hollers and whistles with this outfit than any other she wore. She supposed it was the belly ring she wore, or perhaps it was the way her little sun tattoo moved around the belly ring she wore every time her hips swayed side to side. It didn't matter which, she loved the attention. Jordan loved being the object of desire.

As the bus rode along she pulled the cord to signal her stop in front of the mall. She walked across the bridge that ran over the highway and into the parking lot coming upon the outside of Macy's. Jordan checked her hair and make-up in the back windshield of some car parked there. She walked in the door and was greeted by friendly faces that she knew just tossed up their noses at her as soon as her back was turned. Jordan smiled at the thought. 

She walked through the mall and spotted her best friend Meghan that worked at The Hot Spot, the new clothing store in the mall. It was the one with the GIANT sale of jeans that she was dying to buy. 

"Hey girl what's happenin'? How's the new job?" 

"Oh you know, a job's a job. But I get mad discounts. In fact I just bought these yesterday...twirling once around....don't they look awesome?"

"They look amazing. Damn girl, you make me cream just seeing you in those pants, I need some myself. Wanna hook me up?"

"Already did, go try 'em on. They're in the back hanging on the rack with your name!"

"You're the best!" Jordan said enthusiastically, quickly kissing her best friend's lips and letting it linger just a moment too long. 

Leaving Meghan a bit winded, Jordan ran to the back. She grabbed the jeans off the rack and locked herself in one of the dressing rooms. She emerged with tight jeans that hung on her hips and accentuated her perfectly rounded ass.

Meghan whistled at her sexy looking friend, a thought of ripping those jeans off and raping her friend right where she stood ran through her mind before she shook it off and smiled with approval.

"Wooooohoooooo!! Jordan you need to go show those bad girls off."

"You think so?" Jordan replied.

"Well duh! You look HOT HOTT! Tell you what; I get off work in an hour and half. Why don't you leave your shit here in my locker and head around the mall? You could find us some dates for tonight with that ass of yours and then we'll all go out and have a wickedly wild time. How's that sound?"

"I don't know Meg, Professor Smith dished out a ton of homework over the weekend. I already don't know if I'll be able to finish it all."

"Oh, c'mon babes. You look hot...I look hot...and it's Friday!!! You can't go sit at home all weekend doing homework. Besides that, there's tons of guys that have been hanging by the doorway for sometime checking out all the play things walking out of here. You know we're gonna have a blast....what do you say?"

Jordan thought about it, looked out the door and saw guy after guy peeking in and checking her out.

"Alright, I'll be back here in an hour and half. I'm gonna go see what I can conjure up for us!"

Jordan walked from the store winking back at Meghan and blowing her a kiss before disappearing around the corner. She walked from store to store, stepping into one on occasion and looking around. She didn't really find anything of interest until she came across the book store. Then she saw what she wanted. She saw a gorgeous 6'4", tanned, muscled body with dark brown hair and green eyes. She could see his pecs and abs perfectly sculpted against the thin fabric of his taught shirt. There was some sort of tribal tattoo peeking out of the shirt sleeve on his upper right arm. Jordan wanted that, she wanted him. 

Jordan let nasty thoughts run through her head. Thoughts of him fucking her, eating her wet pussy and her sucking his massive cock. She walked around the book store making sure she knew where he was the whole time, right on the other side of the shelf from him now she peered up. He made eye contact then turned back to the book he was glancing at. As soon as he put it down, Jordan set hers down too. He started walking around the corner and of course Jordan was right there to bump into him. 

"Oh I'm sorry. I'm a klutz sometimes," Jordan said in a flirtatious tone of voice.

"No worries. I should have known something like that would happen. I saw you looking at me over the shelf, and when you walked in the store." He laughed. "I'm Jay, and you are?"

"Jordan, sorry for the staring, but you're quite the hunk," She said playfully touching his arm that sent a shudder through his body and straight to his cock.

"Would you like to walk with me?" he asked.

"I'd love to." 

"I'm sure it'll be a pleasure meeting you Jordan."

They walked around the mall. He was leading her around and taking her through different shops. His hand traveling down every now and then rubbing her ass. Jay wanted her, and he knew she wanted him. He decided now was the time.

Jay led her by the hand through Sears and out the back door, making small talk as they walked. He took her around the back of the mall where the managers and employees all parked their cars. There were nooks and crannies along the back of the building, where he was sure he could find a spot. He came upon the perfect place and stopped.

Jordan knew what was coming and she especially wanted it to come. Jay lifted her and pressed her against the wall wrapping her legs around his waist and kissing her full on the lips. His tongue snaked out and found hers in a hard rough kiss. Jordan's breathing was becoming labored and her pussy began to get wet. Jay set her down as his hands found her tits. He pulled her shirt down and sucked at her nipples. They grew instantly hard and jutted out at him. He sucked and ran his tongue all over them flicking and biting them.

"Mmmmmm yesssss," Jordan let out a moan of pleasure.

While Jay's left hand played with one of her tits he ran his right hand down to her pussy and rubbed the wet spot through her jeans. 

"Mmmmmm you sure are wet! You like this don't you? You're such a little slut, coming out here with a perfect stranger, getting all wet for him. Mmm yeah I'm gonna fuck you so hard slut. You're gonna be begging for more of my cock," Jay laughed as he rubbed her pussy harder.

Jay stopped and stood straight up unzipping his pants and letting them fall around his ankles. His 9" cock sprang out. He grabbed Jordan and pushed her to her knees.

"Suck my cock slut, take it all the way down your fucking throat and you better swallow every last bit of my cum bitch"

Jordan grabbed his cock with one hand and began to stroke him. She loved his cock. Holy Fuck 9" long and 2" wide! She'd never played with one this big. She opened her mouth and let her tongue lick the tip then circle the head. She swirled her tongue around then took him more into her mouth, sucking him in hard. She pulled back and went further down. She was bobbing her head sucking his cock hard, deep into her throat. She finally had him all the way in and could feel her nose hit his happy trail.

"Mmmmmm yeah baby!! Your mouth feels so good on my cock. Suck it baby...mmmmmmm yeah you're so good!!" Jay kept saying over and over as he watched Jordan take in his massive meat. Jay couldn't believe how easy she took it all the way down her throat. Jordan just kept bobbing her head, faster and faster as she sucked harder. Her tongue snaked out and massaged his balls. She knew he was gonna cum soon. 

Just at that thought Jay's body started shaking and he grabbed her head to hold it in place. Violently thrusting his huge cock down her throat, fucking her mouth with such force. As he came deep in her throat, he let out a primal grunt as the thick spunk exploded from his cock. Jordan sucked it all down and made sure to lick off every bit that was dripping from the head. 

She licked her lips tasting his salty cum on them. "You're still hard, Let's do something about that." 

With those words Jordan turned around and rubbed her ass against Jay's throbbing man meat. "Fuck me from behind, I wanna feel your balls slap against my clit." 

Jay reached around and unzipped her jeans pushing them down just far enough before bending Jordan over and thrusting his cock in her pussy. "Ooohhh baby yes. You're cock is so hard, so big....makes my pussy so wet!" 

Jordan kept in rhythm with his thrusts, slamming her ass back against him as he fucked deep into her wet pussy from behind.

Jay was moaning uncontrollably. He thought for just a moment someone might hear, but now...he didn't give a fuck if this girl's dad walked right up to him. 

"Ohh you're pussy's so tight. I'm gonna cum inside your wet pussy baby, I'm gonna fill your cunt with my hot thick cum." 

Jordan started shaking hearing those words and feeling his cock thrust deeper and faster into her pussy put her over the edge. She started screaming, "Don't stop don't stop baby I'm cumming, I'm cumming all over your hard dick....oh yes...ohhh, ohhh, god yes, ohhhhhhhh!!!"

Her spasms were too much for him as he jerked and pumped all his cum deep inside her pussy. His cock finally went a bit soft and he was able to gain some composure. 

"Oh baby that was so good, we should get together again sometime." 

Jordan knew exactly when that would be too. She pulled her jeans back up and felt his cum start to drip from her pussy. She leaned down and licked his cock from head to base before standing backup and kissing him full on the mouth letting him taste the salty sweetness of their combined juices.

Jordan told him, "My friend and I are going out tonight clubbing and then back to her house to chill. If you wanna have some more fun, perhaps you should give us a call," as she slid her cell number into the waist of his pants. 

"When's a good time to call you?" Jay asked. "We'll be at Ozz at 10pm, give me a call around 9 and let me know if you're comming or not." She replied. 

"Ok sounds good. I'll see you and your friend tonight...count on it." Jay said as he sauntered away.

Jordan looked at her watch and noticed her friend got off in 10 minutes. She ran back into the mall to tell Meghan all about Jay. When she got to The Hot Spot Meghan was already waiting for her. "So...did you find any interesting candidates?" Meghan asked.

"Oh did I! I found one perfect stranger. Let's go back to your house and I'll tell you all about him," Jordan giggled. 

Meghan looked in utter disbelief, "Just one, but what about me?" she whined. 

Jordan replied, "Oh trust me," kissing her friend full on the mouth letting her taste both juices dancing on her tongue, "trust me babes he's enough for both of us. Let's get back to your house I need you to clean me up."

"So when am I going to meet Jay?" Meghan asked as they jogged to her car. 

"He's going to meet us at 10pm at Ozz, who knows what will happen though if you don't get me back to the house and cleaned up right now!" 

They drove off in a hurry to get ready to meet that perfect stranger.