 ~Special thanks to Angel Love again for a wondeful editing job. You're the best sweety!~

Meghan and Jordan hopped into Meghan's explorer and drove off iin a hurry to get to get the Meghan's house. Jordon pumped up the tunes and started rockin' away. She could feel Jay's cum drip from her pussy as she moved as much as the seatbelt would allow her to.

"Sotell me about this Jay character." Meghan said anxiously awaiting to hear all about what happened to Jordan when she left the shop.

"Well he's about 6'4", Dark brown hair, gorgeous green eyes. He has the hardest body I've ever felt, and the hardest cock for that matter. His muscles are perfectly sculpted and he has a few tribal tattoos that are so hot it'll make your pussy wet just looking at them." Jordan said as she remembered her encounter with Jay. She remembered how hard his muscles were, how gorgeous he was, and how big his cock was. 

Meghan said, " Ok so what happened? By the looks of it you had yourself quite a time with Jay."

Jordan replied "I met him in the bookstore, you know the one next to Red Robin. I spotted him and then went in for the kill. We walked through the mall a bit and went into different shops and then he started pushing me out the doors. we talked a bit before he stopped and lifted me against the wall and started making out with me andgroping my body everywhere. He pulled my shirt down and started sucking and biting my nipples and then took his hand and did this..." Jordan took Meghans hand and rubbed it along the wet spot on her jeans, moaning just a little bit and rubbing her pussy against her friend's hand. "..then he shoved his pants down around his ankles and shoved me to my knees. He had the biggest cock I've ever seen, it had to be at least 9 inches long and 2 inches wide. I sucked it all the way down my throat and played with his balls."

Meghans kept rubbing her friends pussy through her jeans. At this point she was only half listening to the reinactment of Jordan's adventure. Meghan could hear Jordan's breathing getting a little labored and she noticed she wasn't really paying much attention to her own story, but that she was begining to grind her hips against her hand trying to find friction.

Meghan said "Sounds like you had a good time, but it doesn't look like he completely satisfiedyou. Although you are the biggest slut I know so you're probably just ready for more."

"How dare you!," Jordan said sarcastically "...slut? Moi? No way, you're the biggest slut I know. Hell you slept with half of the football team and the couch and the couches wife!!! God that was a good to watch. I still can't beleive you video taped it without her knowing."

"Yeah well, I wanted to remember that." Meghan said non-chalantly.

They finally reached Meghan's apartment and quickly ran to the door. They got inside and put their bags down. Just then Jordan pushed Meghan against the wall and planted a full hard kiss on her lips snaking her tounge out just a bit to let Meghan know what she wanted. Meghan eagerly opened her mouth for her friend and let their tongues mingle. 

Jordan quickly began undressing Meghan. Pulling her shirt over her head and tossing it across the room, then reaching for the button and zipper of those jeans she was wearing. Meghan was hot.She stood about 5'6", 120lbs, with gorgeous blond hair that curled just slightly and the most fabulous blue eyes Jordan had ever seen. Meghan's tits weren't as big as Jordan's but they were a perfect 34C handfull. 

Meghan stood there in just her bra and panties now. She said "Ya know, I don't think this is quite fair. Here I am half naked and you're standing there and haven't even shed your shoes. why don't you let me help you with that." and with those words Meghan grabbed her friend and pulled her to the bedroom ripping Jordan's shirt right off and noticing her friend had no bra on. 

"Oh looky here. I wonder if you're going comando as well."

"So why don't you find out" Jordan quipped and lightly pushed her friend to her knees in front of her. Meghand reached for the zipper and pulled it down. She could see her friend's shaved pussy and found out her answer. Meghan tugged Jordan's pants to the floor and helped her step out of them. She could see the cum in herpussy and licked her lips. She wanted to taste it, she wanted to eat Jordan's pussy and make her cum all over her face. 

Meghan pushed her on the bed and got between her legs, spreading them and looking seductively into her friend's eyes. Jordan was quivering in anticipation. She wanted Meghan to lick her pussy and finger fuck her more than anything right now. 

Meghan said in a low voice "What is it you want Jordan? Hmm? Tell me." Meghan's began rubbing her friend's clit in tiny circles as she was talking. Everytime Jordan would try to grind her clit against Meghan's fingers just a bit harder Meghan would pull away. "Tell me Jordan, beg me."

"I want you Meghan. I want you to finger me and lick my pussy. I want you to make me cum so badly. Please baby, please make me cum." Jordan begged.

"Mmmm that's a good little slut." and with those words Meghan drove 3 fingers deep into Jordan's pussy making her arch her back and send out a loud moan. Meghan fucked herfriend's pussy hard and fast, leanging in and taking her clit in her mouth. Meghan bit her clit and circled it with her tongue.

"OHHHHH GOD yes. yes baby yes, fuck my pussy. Oh god. No one feels as good as you baby. MMMMM I'm so close, so close don't stop...."

Meghan didn't stop. She went harder and faster. Licking Jordan's pussy, she could taste the salty cum Jay left behind and kept lapping at her friend's pussy. Meghan loved the taste of Jordan's pussy, loved fingering her friend and making her cum all over her face. Just then Jordan's body went into overdrive and she screamed. "AAAAAAHHHHHHH yes yes oh god oh god oh god OOOOOHHHHHHHHH." Jordan came hard, cum pouring from her pussy and Megan just kept lapping it up.

After a few minutes both girls were exhausted. "MMm god that was so good Meg. I forgot how good you are at that."

"What do you mean you forgot? I just ate you out yesterday for cryin' out loud!" Meghan laughed

Jordan glanced at theclock and saw that they only had an hour before Jay was supposed to call. "We should get in the shower. I told Jay to call around 9 and let us know if he was going to come or not."

Both girls got up and headed for the shower. After a nice hot shower and a little fondling and kissing the girls got out and started getting ready. At 8:43 Jay called. Jordan reached for her cell to answer it. 

"Hello?"

"Hey is this Jordan?"

"Yes it is. Jay?"

"You got it. Hey I just wanted to let you know that I'll definately be there at Ozz tonight. You said 10pm right?"

"10pm. You got it."

"Awesome. I can't wait to meet your friend and see you again ofcourse. I've been hard thinking about it all day."

"Mmm well trust me she can't wait to meet you either. And I for one definately can't wait to get my mouth on that cock of yours again."

"Mmmm I'll see you in a little while then. Bye."

"Great. Bye."

Jordan hung up the phone andfound that she was insanely wet just hearing Jay's voice. Both girls hurried to get ready and then ran out the door. They jumped into the Explorer and headed for the club, dancing to some music on the way there getting in the mood for a good time. Once at the club they got so many stares. They knew they looked good that night. Jordan had on a wite halter top with a matching mini skirt and white knee high boots. Her hair was up and her belly ring and tattoo showed off to everyone. She looked at her friend and assessed the outfit she wore. A black mini skirt and black haltertop with black knee high boots. She nodded approveingly. They always dressed in the same outfit but opposite colors when they went out. It gave a sense of naughty and nice to the crowd that stared at them.

"Hmmm, I don't see Jay yet. Let's go inside and grab a drink." Jordan said lookin around for Jay. They both headed for the door, flashed their ID's and went straight for the bar. They both ordered anIncredible Hulk to get the party started. Meghan was enjoying her drink and talking with a couple of military boys that showed up. Jordan kept glancing around and would occasioinally get into the conversation with the two hot military guys, flirting just a bit. Just then her cell phone rang...

"HELLO?" Jordan screamed over the loud music.

"Hello Jordan. It's Jay. I'm here at the club, I'm watching you flirt with those two military guys over there. I thought this was my night?"

"We're just talking Jay. It is your night. Where are you? I don't see you anywhere."

Just then two big arms swooped around Jordan. One hand was on her breasts and the other went right under the skirt and found her wet pussy. "I'm right here slut. You and you're friend are comming with me." Jay rammed a finger into Jordan's wet snatch. Jordan moaned loudly and rose her hips to meet his finger's thrusts Jay pulled his finger out of her and practically dragged her off the bar stool. Hepulled her to his right side and reached out for Meghan. jay placed his wet finger infront of Meghan's mouth. Meghan opened her lips and sucked his finger clean tasting her friend's juices. She sucked on his finger like it was a hard cock.

"MMm good girl. Seems you're a little slut too, just like you're friend here. Come on." And with that Jay grabbed Meghan and they walked out the door, leaving the two military boys behind in awe.

Jay threw them in the back seat of his Escalade and drove off. "Where are we going?" Meghan asked. 

"To my house." Jay answered.

A few minutes later they reached a gorgeous 3 story mansion in the hills. Jordan and Meghan looked at the mansion in awe as they stepped out of the SUV. There was a small fountain in the front of the house with a statue of a roman god in the middle. The fountain was gorgeous and stood in the center of the circular drive way.

"Come on in girls. Let me get us a drink." Jay stood with the frontdoor opened and let the girl walk in. He walked through the front hall way and motioned for the girls to follow him. They did ofcourse. Walking through the house looking around in awe. They reaches a nice room with a huge bed in the middle and a bar off to the side. The figured this was his "boom boom room". 

"Sit down, make yourselves comfortable." Jay motioned to the bed. Both girl looked at one another and smiled sitting down on the bed watching Jay fix some drinks. Jay sauntered over to the bed with the drinks in hand and handed one to each of the girls. All three took the shot and gave the glass back to Jay. Jay went over and set the glasses down on the bar.

On his ay back to the bed both girls stood up and seductively motioned for him to come quicker. Meghan grabbed Jay by the shirt and fully kissed him on the lips. Jay began groping her ass pulling her closer to him. Jordan began undressing and slowly untited the halter top letting it fall to the floor andexposing her perfectly rounded tits. Her nipples became instantly hard with anticipation. Next she went for the skirt and unzipped the small zipper in the back. The skirt fell to the floor and Jordan stood there in just her white knee high boots. 

Jordan walked around Meghan and began ssqeezing her breasts through her top. Meghan began to moan into Jay's mouth as both he an Jordan fondled her body. Jordan undid Meghans zipper of her skirt and let the skirt fall to the floor. Jay untied the halter and tossed it across the room. Jay couldn't beleive how hot both these girls were standing in just their knee high boots. His cock was straining against his jeans.

Meghan grabbed for Jay's pants and undid the button as he lifted his shirt above his head and tossed it away. Meghan reached in a and grabbed Jay's massive cock as Jordan tugged his Jeans and boxers down. Jay stepped out of his pants and layed down on his back on the bed. Both girls climbed on either side of himrunning their hands along his body. Down his chest, on his arms, up his legs and then to his hard throbbing dick. 

Meghan leaned in and began stroking his cock. Jordan wasn't kidding about the size of it. It was huge and seemed to keep growing. She stroked his cock up and down letting it grow in her hand as she leaned across and begged for Jordan to kiss her. Jordan complied and kissed her friends lips letting her tongue meet and dance with hers. Jordan began fondling Meghans nipples as they kissed. Meghan leaned down then and began to lick the tip of Jay's cock. 

"MMM yeah. that's it baby, suck my dick. I want to feel your slut mouth on it." Jay was moaning.

Meghan began sucking his cock down her throat. Jay lifted his hand and began rubbing Jordan's pussy. He could see the juice starting to rub down her thighs. Jordan straddled his face and grinded her pussy down on his mouth. Jay licked her wet slit feeling her cum smear all over his face. He licked and shemoaned loudly, loving the feel of his tongue and mouth on her.

Meghan kept at his cock. she'd lick his shaft from bottom to top and then back down. She took both his balls in her mouth one by one and sucked and massaged them with her tongue. Then licking her way back up and in one motion took his whole cock deep down her throat. Her head bobbing up and down on his massive meat as she also stroked his cock. 

Jay was moaning uncontrolably sending strong vibrations straight to Jordan's clit. Jordan was grinding hard and moaning loudly. She was close to cumming all over his face. Jay lifted Jordan off his face and sat up. " Jordan ride my cock with your ass. I want to feel that tight ass of yours pump on cock. Jordan complied and climbed on his cock guiding it straight into her asshole. Her as stretched wide and soon he was buried deep inside her. 

"Oh yeah. MMMMM fuck yeah slut ride my cock with your ass." Jay was thrusting his hips upward pounding his cock intoher ass.

"Ohhh Jay, ohhhh god mmmmm your cock feels so good in my ass baby."

Meghan leaned in and took one of Jordan's nipples in her mouth sucking and biting it. Jay reached up and shoved 2 fingers deep into Meghan's pussy pumping them in and out as he watched her moan against Jordan's tits. 

After a few minutes of rough riding from Jordan's ass jay's balls were ready to dump his cum. His body started shaking and he pumped hard and fast as he shot his load deep into Jordan's asshole. "AAAAHHHHH OOOOHHHHH fuck yeah" Jay grunted.

Jordan felt his hot load shoot into her ass and at that moment her own orgasm took her over. After a little morep umping Jay pulled out of Jordan's ass and stood up. he grabbed Meghan and turned her around shoving her to her hands and knees on the bed. He shoved her face down into Jordan's cunt. "Look at how wet that sluts cunt is Meghan. Clean it up for her. Yeah that's it slut, suck her pussy clean."

As Meghan sucked andlicked at her friend's pussy Jay drove his still hard cock all the way inside Meghan's cunt. Jay was thrusting hard and fast into her pussy. Cum dripping out and down her thighs. Both girls were moaning loudly. Meghan's was thrusting herself back on Jay's massive dick. She loved the feel of his hard cock inside her. she knew he was close. She could feel his cock throb inside her. 

"OHHHh fuck....OHHHHH AHHHHH" Jay kept moaning and grunting thrusting hard and fast. "Oh yeah you love this don't you slut?! You love my hard cock inside your pussy, fucking you hard. MMm you're both such sluts. You're pussy's so tight and wet, mmmm I love fucking your pussy. Mmmm eat Jordan's pussy slut. MMM yeah clean her all out."

Those words drove Meghan over the edge. Her cunt sqeezed Jay's cock hard as she came, moaning into Jordan's pussy. Jordan came just then and arched her back as she screamed with the orgasm Meghan gave her. Jay could feel his cock throb. Meghan's cunt was milkinghis dick for everything it was worth. It was warm and wet and gushing with cum. Jay couldn't hold out any longer and he let go. His cock exploded cum deep inside Meghan's cunt as he grunted and thrusted hard making sure all his cum got in deep. 

Jay pulled out of Meghan's cunt. Amazingly his cock was still a bit hard and both girls saw to this. they dropped to their knees in front of him and each took turnes sucking and licking at his dick. Jordan would swallow his whole cock while Meghan took his balls and massaged them with her tongue. Jay stood there watching the two little sluts infront of him. He had a strong hold on both their heads and was sure to keep rotating both their mouths between his cock and balls. Both sluts were looking up at him keeping eyes contactas they sucked and licked his dick. 

Jay pounded his cock down Jordan's throat and Meghan kept at his balls. Her tongue felt so good massaging them that he soon started to explode. He pulled out quickly ofJordan's mouth and sprayed both girls in the face with his hot cum. 

"OHhhh UUUHHHHGGGGGG AHHHHHHH" Jay was grunting while load after load of cum hit the girl's in the face. 

Both jordan and Meghan were moaning and opening their mouths hoping to catch some of his tasty jizz. After a few moments they all layed down on the bed naked, covered with cum and completely spent. Bodies were tangled and the smell of sex was in the air. 


Jay said, " How was it girls?"

"Mmmm so good. I just love your cock Jay." Jordan replied.

"mmmm hmmmm" Meghan agreed.

"I want you both here for good. You're living here from now on. Both of you are my new little fuck toys. You two sluts would like that woulnd't you? Being at my beck and call ready to be fucked by me and eachother and who knows...maybe I'll even bring some friends along for the ride."

How could they say no to that?