 Tina smoothed her dress over her thighs, guiltily glancing at her neighbours in the adjacent window seats. She had drifted off mid flight and dreamt of her lover that she would be embracing when she landed. Her dreams had been... arousing. She could feel her saturated panties bunching in her sex, could feel her juices smeared on her inner thighs. She just prayed the old couple in the seats next to her couldn't smell her quim, or recognise the flush in her cheeks. Normally a modest woman, she was not comfortable drifting off into erotic slumbers on a flight.

Thoughts of her lover had become all consuming, explosive of late. They had not shared one another in almost six months and in that time she'd not had the touch of another. Her pussy had been throbbing, her clit swollen in constant desire this past few weeks knowing what was about to be unleashed when she saw him.

Her lover and their affair was very different. She was a talented woman in the Health industry. Athletic from years of healthy living, accomplished in her field. She was a mother to a gorgeous child from a very ordinary ex husband, but happier taking that responsibility for her child by herself. She was completely in charge of her destiny. Except with him. Their insatiable lust had kept them coming back to each other time and again even whilst his work sent him all over the world. She couldn't even say his name when they spoke. His power, his control over her was absolute. All she wanted to call him was her 'Master'.

She desperately tried to ignore the barrage of memories he triggered in her. She knew to give into those thoughts could well see her orgasm right there, without even a finger being laid on, or in her.

The seat belt light pinged, and as the plane began its final descent she prayed she wouldn't leave a soaking puddle on the seat...

Her lover was at that very moment thinking similar thoughts of their affair. It had begun simply enough. A chance encounter at a bar, a fun and mutually pleasurable series of random nights and days spent together. But as they had enjoyed one another, so had he realised the depths of her depravity. Together they had broken new grounds in their sexuality. She was completely infatuated with ever more outrageous sexual desires. They had shared other women together, fucked in every public place they could, and had drifted ever more into the world of Dom/Sub and denigration. She had even pleaded to try a rape fantasy and after a lot of negotiation and compromise they had tried it. Not his thing at all, but there was something in seeing her bent over a park bench in the middle of the night with her clothes in shreds and his cum seeping from her swollen cunt... But he didn't want to reminisce. He had made plans. 

Idly seated in the arrivals lounge, he contemplated the debauchery they were about to share. Something new for her. She had long fascinated and lusted for the attention of multiple men at the same time and unbeknownst to her he had organised just such a thing. A wry grin escaped him as he thought of how she would respond at each stage of the games they were about to play.

Tina couldn't concentrate walking through the crowded terminal. She bumped into a group of businessmen, then a small child as her glazed eyes failed to focus on anything other than her primal lust. She could barely apologise and walk at the same time. Such was her distraction.

Her tight blue silk skirt, his favourite, clung to her legs, flitting and bunching just above her knees as she walked quickly. Her tight cotton blouse showed just enough of her ample cleavage, hugging her svelte frame perfectly and contouring her abs and flared hips. Over the top she wore a simple black leather jacket. An easy ensemble for a chilly autumn day, but the jacket was really there to conceal her bullet nipples as they shot through the fabric in desire. Her soft makeup was carefully chosen to highlight her high cheeks and grey eyes, with just enough eyeliner to run like a cheap whores when her eyes watered from engulfing his massive cock. Her auburn hair was out. She knew he liked to see it plastered to her face in sweat, spit and cum. Underneath she wore a see through black flimsy panties and bra combination which provided no support, and her supple arse and tits jiggled and swayed to her stride.

She saw him as she walked past the baggage pick up. There he sat, confident, cocky even. A half smile on his face as he stood to greet her. His near arrogance infuriated her. How could someone be so damn confident all the time? It's like he owns the ground he walks on every where he goes! Her flustering pace left her breathless and giddy as she tried to stop herself from running and wrapping her legs around him right there.

Their first embrace was warm, affectionate. His muscles rippling in response as he hugged her tight. 'Tina, you look beautiful as always!' The best she could manage was a very dry mouthed hum, and half a minute of platitudes for the delayed flight. She couldn't contain her breathlessness at the sight of him, already feeling his intoxicating presence permeate her body to the core. 

They broke their embrace quickly. It had become a feature of their relationship that in public they were very discreet, hiding their romantic attractions. There was no real reason to this, but both enjoyed their freedom and both found it incredibly enticing to be perceived as friends. It felt then that the nature of their peculiar relationship was still a secret, still taboo. 

Both of them also enjoyed the attentions the other received in public. He had spent several enjoyable evenings watching her from afar squirm on a bar stool as various men attempted to flirt with her. He knew she would never go for a clumsy suit with delusions that their wallet could buy her a drink, but appreciated her saturated pussy upon return to his table every time. She was completely incapable of rejecting a man outright, but very conservative when it came to anything more than flirty banter.

She was more jealous, and when he received the attention of women she perceived as younger and more beautiful, it only added fuel to her fire and a desperate desire to satisfy him in every way. 

Quickly, purposefully and in silence they moved through the crowds to the carpark. He had deliberately parked in a quiet corner, in order to allow him the chance to have a quick and close conversation prior to getting to the car. 

Once clear of the terminal and away from earshot he put his hand on her back. 'You know this is going to be different, don't you?' His eyes were concerned as he drunk in her beautiful appearance, willing her to be as excited as he, but knowing full well she could back out at any moment. 'I've organised some of my friends to join us but I can cancel any or all of them if you're not feeling it'.

Tina's heart almost exploded out of her chest. Since they had been together that first time years ago, she knew that her sexual fulfillment and her deepest, darkest desires were his toys, or weapons. They both knew full well that as nervous as she was about the idea of more men, she would acquiesce to his every move. That was her deepest secret and most taboo fantasy; she belonged to him. When she fantasized about him, she was left spasming in intense orgasm at the thought of his abuse, the feeling of being a complete piece of meat to him. She called herself his cumslut, jizz rag, slut. She was his and the idea of being his little whore for the next two days sent a hot wave of lust and adoration through her body. Yes, she would do whatever he wanted, no matter what her rational mind tried to protect her from. 'Yes Master' were the only words she could produce...

As they approached the car he flipped the boot and put her case inside, before instructing her into the back seat. Excitement about the thoughts of a dirty quickie in the carpark, however, were dashed as he entered into the drivers seat. With trepidation, she opened the back passenger door...

Sitting on the opposite back seat was a stranger. He was tall and well built like her Master, but with a kind face and a light beard. He smiled encouragingly and nodded to the seat next to him. He was very handsome and in that first glance she felt immediately comfortable with him. She knew instinctively that things were about to get intense but for a brief moment she reveled in the fact she was a beautiful, single woman in a car with two handsome, powerful and charming men.

And then she burst into laughter. 'I can't believe you! Why do you do this to me you bastard? You know I can't say no to you!' She continued laughing as she choked out the words and tried to glare at her Master, the bastard, who was grinning like an arsehole in the front seat. 'I can drop you back off at the terminal if you'd like?' he joked back. Tina, still laughing, apologised to the stranger and offered her hand in greeting and introducing herself.

Before the stranger could utter a word, her lover came in over the top. 'My friend here is under strict instructions that you're here solely for our pleasure. You can call him Sir, or whatever. I don't care. But as far as he is concerned, you'll do what you're told when you're told. So firstly, shut up and suck his cock.'

Her laughter filled the car in response, but no words escaped her lips. Her lovers rebuke of her politeness was noted. She was in his orbit now and she knew only that to stay in it she wanted to do what he said. It was curious to her and in that moment she appreciated what it was they shared and what it was that kept them lusting for one another. It wasn't a power trip for him. She knew he was never in it to feel like a Master of her, to feel powerful over her, as a woman. His sole passion was to see her explode in frenzied lust, squirting her juices all over their bodies in sex, losing herself in the moment completely. He yearned to see her satisfied. But what satisfied her was the deviancy. The complete loss of control. The feeling that she could trust him with anything, and sexually she knew she wanted everything. So she leant over and kissed the handsome stranger, her Master's friend and a man she didn't even know. 

Her skin electrified at the taste of him. Different to her Master, but no less potent in its masculinity. As she crawled onto all fours on the back seat her hand reached down to his crotch and started massaging what felt to be an enormous cock under his slacks. Their kisses were gentle, exploratory. The heavy revving of the engine muffled the moans escaping her lips as her Master reversed out of the spot and exited the carpark.

For several blissful minutes their hands gently explored and tongues intertwined. She was pleased to feel that this stranger was obviously a patient and gentle man when needed. Her body felt on fire as they embraced passionately in the back seat. Without being told, she knew exactly what these two men wanted.

She arched her back and leant into his crotch, unzipping and unbelting in a motion that belied her inexperience. As he helped her pull his trousers down his massive cock, as big as her Masters, flopped out and into her waiting hand. His hands meanwhile explored her body, hitching up her skirt and exposing her arse to the traffic as it thrust back and forth to the rhythm of the car and as she adjusted her body to swallow his cock whole.

She savoured the taste of her tongue on his head, tasting his salty pre cum and smearing some on her lips. His hands couldn't reach behind to her sopping sex, so she started grinding it against the door handle. The stranger looked in amazement as the handle became slick with her juices and dribbled down the door.

As she gyrated against the handle her mouth opened ever wider, swallowing his manhood inch by inch. His hands intertwined in her hair, gently forcing her down further, enjoying the gagging and slobbering she responded with.

The Master tried to concentrate on the road over the sounds of perversion in the backseat. He and his friend had discussed and planned this. It was a 30 minute trip to the hotel. They'd checked in and with underground parking and an elevator, at mid afternoon, there was little chance they'd be seen. So they were throwing caution to the wind. She was going to satisfy them both before they even got to the hotel.

The stranger became more demanding of her mouth. Both hands now were holding her head down, choking her as she almost finished taking him in entirely. His grunting became louder and his grip tighter. His gentleness was gone now. 'Come on you fucking slut! Suck me off!' His voice was grunting in excitement, veins bulging as he felt her drool cover his balls as they bounced to his aggressive thrusting into her mouth. He could see the whites of her eyes in panic but kept going. He knew from long conversations with his friend that this was the moment that had Tina cumming. She couldn't breathe, she couldn't feel anything other than the hot fire filling her body as she succumbed to a strangers monstrous and rough face fucking in the back seat of the car.

Her eyes watered and her nose snorted as she desperately tried to find oxygen from somewhere. But her gyrating hips told another story. Choking, asphyxiating on his cock, she was furiously ramming her pussy harshly against the door handle, desperately aching to be filled. She couldn't sate herself with harsh banging and as she choked and her eyes watered, mascara running, she could do nothing else but grind her pussy lips against the smooth edge of the handle, desperate for release.

The Master watched carefully, his cock straining at the sights, sounds and smell. His car was a heady mix of sex as he watched his Tina, his slutty cumrag fuck herself against the door and choke herself on his friends cock. He watched as his friends body lifted in the seat, his hands nowhere near her head as she still forced her face down, before he erupted his load inside her mouth. He screamed and groaned and her muffled cries of pleasure and pain synced in glorious ecstasy.

She had to release as a torrent of semen splashed out of her mouth down his cock. Taking barely a moment to breathe, she started licking and sucking the shaft clean, filling her mouth with his pooling semen. So much cum had erupted that it was all over her cheeks as she cleaned him. For the last few minutes of the drive all that could be heard was her lapping up his cum and his heavy breathing subsiding.

They pulled into the empty underground carpark, windows heavily fogged as the Master found his designated spot. Without a word he quickly got out and moved to the rear passenger door where Tina's exposed arse was still fucking the door handle. At this point he didn't care whether people were watching or not. He needed to fuck this whore right here, right now. Of course this was part of his plan already, but he couldn't even think through the primal lust coursing through his veins.

Like a fucking animal he wrenched the door open. With two hands he gripped her panties and pulling apart, he ripped the flimsy fabric into two pieces. As she squealed at the fabric cutting into her skin, he took the two saturated shreds and grabbed her by her hair, pulled her back to him and forced the panties down her cum coated throat. Muffled now, he spread her arse cheeks with one hand and pulled out his enormous, throbbing, steel cock in the other and in one rough motion jammed it into his sluts cunt with a deep groan. She cried in pleasure and pain. Her cunt was so tight after 6 months of no sex. Were it not for her copious juices drizzling out of her sopping hole he would never have fit. But the hot liquids of her sex lubricated and with both hands on her hips he fucked her with violent abandon. He forgot everything but this beautiful upturned arse slapping against him as he pounded her sloppy fuck hole harder and harder.

His friend meanwhile was idly sitting back in his own blissful state, with one hand holding her by the head to steady her flailing body as her Master fucking abused it from behind. Her body had gone limp now. Sometime after he had penetrated she had gone into an orgasmic dreamstate. Her once tense, rigid body was now a shivering, quivering mess as it gave into every nerve ending in her cunt firing a million shots of pleasure after another into her brain. She slumped, eyes half shut into the strangers lap, his turgid cock nuzzling more cum across her eyes and forehead as she rocked back and forth to the brutal slaps of her master. Through the panties in her mouth escaped whimpers and pleadings of pleasure.

Her Masters hands were leaving deep bruises on her thighs as he gripped her for purchase. His cock was twitching as each glorious slap of his abs against her arse elicited a moan of pleasure and a spray of her juices down his thighs.

Tensing, groaning, he felt his orgasm building. He had fucked her brutally before, but never with this level of intensity. He didn't care if he was seen, didn't care if someone was filming with their phone. All he cared about was pumping his seed into her pussy, filling her womb with hot white cum. 

Their toes curled together as she felt that glorious familiar feeling of that enormous cock twitching against her vaginal walls. Her eyes widened briefly in wonder as she felt the first spurt pump deeply into her cervix, her own quim involuntarily contracting, forcing the seed deeper as her pussy lips spread in loosening orgasm. She could feel the cocktail of sexual energy swirling in her pussy as a second, third, fourth shotgun of semen sprayed inside her.

Desperately, hopelessly she pulled away and curled into the strangers lap. Her pussy had been destroyed, her legs unable to support her weight. She lay there, a vulnerable shell of a human as she came to terms with the beautiful abuse. All she wanted was for her Master, her stranger and herself to cuddle in a naked sprawl on the back seat of the sweaty car in their own filth, and listen to the men's heartbeats subside into resting rhythm... 

To be continued in the hotel room...