 The thrumming of the music ran through me as I walked through the door making my need more prominent to me. I was in the mood for something carnal and of the flesh variety. My senses were on high, and I needed something to satisfy my hunger that is hot and sweaty with all inhibitions on the floor with my clothes. My neighbors are always throwing these loud bashes and there's always plenty to pick from. This time it was a pool party so everyone was half naked so finding someone that was strong sexy and up for the task ahead should be easy. 

I went to the bar and made myself a strong drink, and then started to shop for the one that was going to make my night. I didn't make too much conversation, I was a woman on a mission, and I didn't want to know much about the guy I choose either. There were three things I had to know, first was if they were single, I don't want my needs to cause heartbreak. Second I needed to know that they were interested, and third if they had anything that I could catch. My answers needed to be Yes, yes, no in that exact order. I glanced around at my prey, I notice just one guy that would be worthy and able to do what I need. 

While I was scanning the pool and bar area, this awful specimen of a man approached me. He was short, and had hair growing everywhere except on top of his head. He had a tacky gold chain that glittered in his thick chest hair between his man boobs. And if that wasn't bad enough my eyes traveled down further to notice the neon yellow banana hammock he had managed to squeeze himself into that was adorned with a neon pink heart right on the crotch. There are certain things you can't un-see.

"Hey Pretty Lady." He opened with as he rubbed his stomach. I had to keep myself from vomiting.

"Can I help you?" I asked coldly.

"Uh...." He stammered. "I wa-was wondering if I could..." He trailed off and then just stared at me.

"First off, I'm up here." I placed two fingers under his chin and made him look into my eyes rather than at my chest. "Second, you don't stand a chance and third, I have something to take care of and you're just slowing me down." I felt bad for being so brutal but I really didn't want that man to shake his junk at me even by accident. I turned away from him and continued on my pursuit of the perfect man for tonight.

I was resolute in my choice once my eyes lay upon him and I made my way over to him. I made sure I had on my best bikini on for this party; it was simple and a solid emerald green with gold rings holding the small pieces of fabric together between my breasts and at each hip. For this party I let my hair be its natural curly mess in cascading waves down my back. This mystery man already had something deep within me stirring as his eyes ran up and down me; his sandy brown hair was wet from being in the pool already. He looked as though he needed a hair cut but it had a sexy way of hanging in his eyes and making him look a little devilish. His skin had seen some sun but not enough to really call him tan. That only told me he didn't care about those things. His swim trunks hung low on his hips taunting me with that V that disappears into his bottoms, then my eyes traveled up his happy trail and to his chest and rested on his eyes. He noticed me noticing him, this is a good sign. 

I just about reached him and gave him a sly smile, and he stopped talking to some other woman the moment I stepped up. She looked me up and down my curves and walked away when I looked at her. He stared at me with his gun metal gray eyes and I at him for a moment. I sipped at my drink a little as he stood there dripping wet. As I looked him over close up like this, I noticed his hair had a military flare to it, a soldier could be fun.

"Hi." I began.

"Hi." His voice was deep.

"I have a proposal for you." I got right down to it.

"Is that so?" he played it cool, but I could tell he was interested as he shifted his weight back and forth inching closer to me.

"Yes, but you have to answer three questions first." I told him.

"Are you going to tell me what your proposal is?" he asked.

"Not until you've answered my questions, I don't want them to influence your answers." 

"Okay fair enough. Shoot." He folded his arms over his broad chest.

"Single?" I cocked an eyebrow at him.

"Yes." He relaxed now.

"So far so good.... Interested?" I gestured to myself and then placed my hand on my hip.

"Very much so." He looked me up and down and pulled on his trunks.

"Very good, last question...." I moved closer to him to whisper in his ear. "Are you free from any and all diseases sexually? In other words I'm not going to catch anything from you... right?"

"I am clean, and disease free." He whispered back in my ear.

"Good." I leaned on him a little.

"Now are you going to tell me what your proposal is you mysterious woman?" he was being playful.

"Don't tell me your name." I told him. "And I want you to help me with something." I was staying vague. "Follow me." I gestured to him with my index finger. 

We walked back into the house; we passed people in the hall and in the kitchen and living room as we made our way out the front door. He was still padding barefoot behind me as we walked down the sidewalk to my house. We were about halfway there when he grabbed a hold of my hand and pushed me up against a tree and kissed me. The roughness of the bark scratched my back as he pressed himself against me. He pulled back from the kiss and stepped away from me.

"Sorry." He told me. "Watching you walk is very seductive." He told me.

"Don't be sorry, I'm not." I told him only to pull him back into the kiss. He had me pinned to the tree while he let me feel how ready he was for this. I needed to feel him all over me so I grabbed his hand and started to run with him barefoot to my front porch. A little out of breath but now horny as hell he pushed be against my front door and kissed me a little harder with his cock poking at me through his swim trunks. I wanted him and needed him now but he had me pinned here so I grabbed a hold of my door knob and let us into the privacy and darkness of my house. I pushed him back against my door to close it with a bang; I turned the lock over as he began feeling up my body. 

I was wound so tight that I didn't care to take my time; I pulled the laces on his swim trunks and loosened them enough to slide right off and to the floor. I had his hard cock in my hand; I could feel the blood pulsating through it as I worked him up a little more. He started to pull off my bikini little by little exposing my most private areas. I loved the feel of the cold air as bits of me were now coming out and onto display. His mouth was still on mine as he stripped off the last bit of material off of me.

The next thing I knew this stranger picked me up and started walking with me up the stairs like a toddler. His cock rubbed against me as he climbed higher and higher with me. I kept busy and my eyes closed as I kissed and nibbled on his neck. We reached the top of the stairs and slammed me into a wall grunting and panting with need. His hot breath was on my neck as he pinned me to the wall and slowly entered me, and stretched me to fit onto him perfectly snug. Once I was in place on him he did a few slow teasing thrusts loosening me up as I squeezed down on him. His tongue found mine as he impaled me against the wall making my juices begin to squirt out of me like a peach being squash. 

"Where's your bed?" he grunted.

"The door at the end of the hall." I choked out the words.

He held me tight and burst into my room and threw me on the bed and proceeded to really lay into me. He pulled one of my legs over his shoulder and fucked me to the center of the bed making my legs spread nice and wide. I had to hold onto the wonderful stranger as he pushed me to my limits, my nails dug into him as I got closer to that desired purpose of recreational sex. It only made him rail me harder and get there faster. He releases my leg from being perched up on his shoulder and starts pounding into me, the sounds of sex along with our mingling moans put me over the edge. I came hard and he somehow managed to thrust faster to prolong my pleasure. 

"Oh God, you're good." I said just as a wave hit me and made me arch my back and push my chest up to meet his.

"I aim to please." He told me and continued his rhythmic hard pace.

Out of breath and out of my mind, I needed to get both back, but as I looked up at him he was hard at work, and he managed to bring me back up to speed and I couldn't just be laid out here anymore. I needed something to do; I needed to take charge, just do some work for a little while. I pulled him into a kiss and he slowed down enough for me to get him on his back. I was mounted on top of him and got to "work" grinding down on him. I made him put his hands on me, and he sat up to fondle and put his lips on me to kiss lick and suck my nipples that felt so tender now. He knew how to press a woman's buttons I could tell, and I was curious what he'll do next. I rocked on his cock, and my cum emptied out onto him as his knowing hands caressed every bit of me.  

I wanted adventurous sex, and yes I have myself impaled on this mysterious man's dick, so I needed to be bold and fast. I pushed his shoulders back onto the bed and dismounted him. I went down on him for a moment, tasting myself on him had me in a tizzy. I played and sucked with the head of his cock; he moaned and tangled his fingers into my hair as my playfulness turned into torture for him. He did a thrust up into my mouth, which was when I knew I had to stop. I sucked off the excess saliva and got off him and the bed.

"Hey, where do you think you're going?" he asked me as I slinked away towards the hallway.

"I have an idea." I said.

He sat up on his elbows intrigue struck him. "What is that exactly?" he flexed his cock at me.

"If you want to fuck me more you're going to have to catch me before I'm in my pool." I told him and started to run through the hall and down the stairs, I heard him behind me, I didn't bother looking back. 

"I'm going to get you, you Vixen!" he yelled after me. I sprinted barefoot through the tiled hall for my back sliding door and just as I was about to leap, that's when he grabbed me up by my waist and did a spin with me.

"Gotcha." He said with a laugh. He turned me to face him. "You almost made it." He told me before he kissed me. His five o'clock shadow must have just appeared, it turned me on to him even more as it scratched and scrapped my flawless skin turning it hot and red. We could hear the party from my back yard. "It sounds like a lot of fun over there." He stopped at listened to the music.

"If you want to go back you can, I won't stop you." I told him. He looked me up and down before answering me.

"I'm nowhere near finished with you." He said and planted a playful smack on my ass and pulled me into his chest. He kissed me and lead me to my deck where we could be seen if my neighbors weren't all at that party. The lights from the party gave us ample light so we could see on another with ease. With force he turned me toward the party and bent me over the railing making me hold on it as he rammed his still very hard cock into me. I tightened up from earlier, and he struggled getting back into me. "Damn." He said as he thrust little by little getting deeper and deeper. Finally after a little struggle he stopped for a moment, I started to grind against him. "How loud do you think you can get?" he asked me while rubbing my ass cheek.

"Pretty loud if it's good." I stood up with his cock still deep within me, my back was arched and my hands were up and held onto the back of his neck. I turned my head and kissed his cheek. "I'm sure you'll have no issues getting me there." His hands went from my hips to my stomach and up my ribs to cup my breasts. He felt the weight of them and massaged my nipples to perk up between his thumb and forefinger. He nibble at my neck as I enjoyed the sensations, he gave me goose bumps. I closed my eyes and enjoyed his fingertips glide across my skin as one hand traveled down between my legs. He held me tightly against him with one arm while he flicked at my clit making me jump and squirm, it made me grind against him hard.

"I want to hear you." He whispered in my ear. I started to moan a little, but not loud enough. He bent me over and wrenched back and slammed into me. I felt him hit the back of my throat with that one, I didn't have to overdo it with the moaning, because he had me whooping and hollering so much that I didn't even hear the music anymore. "Good girl." He cooed to me between propelled thrusts. 

Eventually he released my shoulder and just held me by my hips to help him keep driving his hard cock into me with substantial force. I couldn't help but smile as he exceeded my expectations by making me cum and scream out here on my elevated deck for the world to see me. I arched my back again and completely stiffened as the orgasm tore through me, my moans cut off rendering me mute as the pleasure storm within me coursed through my veins. When I was finished he was still going and I was able to move and moan again.

"I'm going to cum." He told me.

"So cum then." I encouraged him.

"You're sure?" he asked and slowed down his thrusts to a fluid continuous movement.

"Yes, I'm sure." I constricted his cock within me and he worked out the built up frustration and erupted into me like a happy volcano. When he was all finished he kissed my shoulder blade and pulled out of me. I stood up right, and turned to him.

"Now what?" he asked playing with his spent cock.

"Well we're already naked....skinny dip?" I asked.

"Sure." He responded with a smile playing at his lips. I ran past him and jumped into my pool, the cold water shocked me a bit, but it was refreshing. When I resurfaced he jumped in and splashed me. We swam around for a while and had our fun in the pool, I ended up wrapping my legs around his waist and he pushed me down onto his cock once it came back to life and needed to be sheathed. He just held me there on him and kissed me for the longest time as we floated around like that for a while. Eventually I lead him back into the house where we had fun on every surface of my house. 

The night went by in a blur and I awoke in my guest bedroom with nothing covering me and nothing but the fitted sheet on the bed, everything else was on the floor. I was alone in the bed completely stretched out. I rolled out of bed and crunched a piece of paper as my feet flew over the edge and landed onto the floor. I looked at what it was, and it was a note, it read:

Dear Mystery Woman,

I enjoyed myself last night and into the morning, I would love to get to know you... that is if you'll let me. That is my proposal for you, let me get to know you. Here's my number. 214-XXX-XXXX call me I'll be waiting.

Your,

Perfect Stranger.