 This is my very first submission and yes, it is quite short, I know.

I would like to thank MeatyThighs for her kind comments and editing.

This is for You Sam, i will always love You.

*******

I finally have you where I want you. In my bedroom and alone. I have dreamt of this moment for a very long time. Well, maybe not so long. Has it really been only 4 weeks since we started corresponding? It feels as though I have known you all my life.

For once you are allowing me to be in control, to do as I please with you, your body. When you first entered the room, I was trembling with excitement, but now I am all calm while I stand before you. I am wearing only a silk dressing gown, but you are still dressed, and that simply won't do.

I raise my hands to start unbuttoning your shirt and slide it off your strong arms until it falls down to your feet. I run my fingers over your smooth chest, let them wander up to your shoulders and down to your abdomen. You suck it in a little, and I tease you until you have to let go. You know I don't care about your little imperfections. Or, rather, I care a lot about them. They make you who you are, and I love you even more for them.

My exploring hands reach the waistband of your jeans, and without further ado, I unbuckle your belt and undo the buttons at the front. With one swift pull, your jeans and boxers are down, and your cock springs free with a sturdy bounce. I grin at you and give the spongy tip a quick kiss, before I push you back onto my bed so I can remove trousers, boxers, and socks.

I motion for you to scoot back until you can lie down comfortably and stretch out. With your arms behind your head, you watch me while I slowly let the silk robe slide down my naked form. Your eyes are dark with desire, your mouth slightly open, your cock twitching as you groan.

I love the way you look at me. No man has ever looked at me that way before; so full of desire and lust and love, completely ignorant to the fact that I neither am perfect. You make me feel beautiful, and I can forget about all the things I don't like about my shape.

I climb onto the bed on all fours slowly, very slowly, moving up your body, my eyes locked on to yours, until I finally reach my destination. I settle myself between your legs and survey my prize in all its glory.

I wrap one hand around your lovely shaft, enjoying the silky-smooth feel of the skin, and start slowly stroking it up and down. Another groan escapes your mouth. I lower my head and swirl my tongue around the bulbous tip of your cock before quickly sucking it in. I can feel you tensing and I let go.

I start again, this time licking your now rock hard cock from head to base and back, one hand gently massaging your balls. They feel wonderful in my hand, so delicate, so precious. I lick my way down, and this time I slowly suck your balls in my mouth. First the one, then the other, swirling them around and caressing them with my tongue. I can feel a slight shudder running through your body and your breathing is much faster.

My lips are nibbling and teasing your cock on their way up until I finally suck you in, my tongue now frantically swirling around its head. I can feel you throbbing in my mouth, and I can taste the sweet deliciousness of your precum. One more time I release you. I look up to watch you squirm and fight the urge to put your hands on my head and force me down.

And then I start in earnest. Licking and nibbling and gently grazing my teeth along your turgid shaft. Stroking and squeezing and swirling my tongue around its mushroom head. Wrapping my soft, warm lips around you, sucking you in and out. Bobbing up and down on your cock, playing with your sensitive balls. Over and over again until I feel you are close, and I slow down.

'Not yet,' I whisper, 'Not yet'.

I suck you in again, and my tongue is playing with the underside of you cock's head, your most sensitive area, your sweet spot. I can tell from your groans that you cannot take much more, and I take you deeper into my mouth. I can feel you touching the back of my throat, but deeper still I take you until my nose touches your base.

I hold you there until I have to come up for air. And then I go down again all the way, but this time, I swallow.

Have you ever felt that before? ... Did you enjoy that? ... Shall I do it again?

It is more than you can take and you lose all control. Your hand on my head now, fingers entwined in my hair. You cannot stop yourself, and you hold me down, fucking my mouth until you cum. Pulse after pulse of hot cum shooting down my throat, and you shout and shudder and cry out your release ...

... You come slowly down from your high while I suck and lick you clean. Swallowing all, not wasting a drop. I smile and move up until I lie next to you. Pressed to your side, my head on your chest, listening to your heartbeat.

It's my favourite place to be.