 I groan, laying in the creaky bed alone. I stare up at the ceiling, following a spider walk across the fan. I glance at my phone, it's only seven a.m. You're asleep on the couch in the living room, no doubt sporting morning wood that I would love to wrap my lips around. Just thinking about it makes my smooth pussy start to cream. We have been at your grandparents farm for going on six days, and it had been over a week since I've had a decent orgasm. I quietly got out of bed and looked in the mirror, rubbing my sleepy brown eyes. I smoothed down my brown and blonde hair, letting my fingers trail down over my 36 C cup breasts, down my tight stomach. I looked at the girl in the mirror and smiled, 'Not bad,' I thought to myself. Eighteen years old, 5"3 and 100 pounds. My fingers played with the edge of my tank top, before I began to peel it off, letting it fall to the floor. My tits were perky, pink nipples hard from my arousal. I watched in the reflection as I cupped each breast, tugging on my nipples. I let out a soft groan, and slip my thumbs into the sides of my pajama shorts, letting them drop before I crawled back into bed. As soon as my head hit the pillow I started running my finger up and down my wet slit. My fingers parted my pussy lips, and liquid leaked down to my ass, providing plenty of lubrication to play in. With one finger I began to rub my clit, my other fingers pinching and pulling on my nipples. I was already so close! 

"Hey, Lauren?" knuckles rapped at the closed door. I groaned. It was gone. 

"Yes grandma?" I called through the door, sitting up. I tugged on a pair of daisy dukes, a push up bra and a white tank top, before opening the door. 

"Come out and help me in the garden, could ya?" she asked, swatting me on the butt. 

"Of course," I smiled, slipping on a pair of canvas TOMS. I headed out to the garden with a plastic bowl and a knife, and began picking squash. I leaned over, bent at the waist. A shadow cast over me, and I turned my head to look behind me. Hands gripped my hips and pulled my ass against your hardon under your jeans. 

"When you bend over in those shorts, I can see the outline of your pussy," your lips touched my neck, making me whimper softly. The corn rows covered us from view of the house, as you pushed me deeper into the garden. You kept me bent over, grinding your hard cock against me, the friction feeling so delicious. You pulled me up and turned me around, pressing me hard against your chest. I breathed deep, smelling the sun and sweat on your shoulders. 

"I thought you were still asleep, love," I smile, running my fingertips over your biceps. You kiss me hard, your large hands gripping my ass and hoisting me up. 

"I haven't slept a wink," you said, holding me against you with one arm as I wrap my legs around your waist. "I've been to busy thinking about your dripping wet cunt," you're unzipping your jeans, reaching in and pulling out your rock hard thick cock. I feel it pressed hot against my thigh, which is wet from my pussy. You pull aside the jean fabric from my crotch, and discover I haven't got on any panties. Still supporting me with one arm, you spank my pussy hard for being so naughty. I cry out and bite down on your shoulder to keep quiet. With a quick adjustment, you position the thick head of your cock against my wet lips, stretching me tight as you pull me onto your cock. I moan against your shoulder, holding on tight as you begin to buck your hips, fucking my hungry pussy. You bounce me up and down quickly, spanking my ass hard, making me want to scream. Looking around, you kneel down in the dirt and spin me around, fucking me doggy style. You reach out and grab an ear of corn off the stalk and pull out your dick. I whimper, not ready for you to be done. You spank my ass and tell me to be quiet, as you slowly start pushing the ear into my sopping wet pussy. Each kernel pushes against my pussy, feeling so good. I moan, hanging my head slightly. I feel the head of your dick circle around my asshole, before pushing in with a wet pop. You moan, and push in deep. With every thrust, you push against the ear of corn, making me so full and tight. 

"Oh God," I gasp, bucking my hips against you. "Oh God, baby I'm cumming!" I cry out, my elbows buckling. You start pumping your hot thick cum into my ass, and kiss me on the shoulder. You stand and tuck your cock back into your jeans, and walk off to feed the cattle, leaving me satisfied in the dirt, corn still pushed deep in my pussy.