 Chapter 6 

I was in the shower and almost done, when a woman's voice startled me. I turned to see who it was. 

"Hey Todd...Sorry, it's just me Nikki," she said. 

I turned to face her butt naked and hard as ever. I saw the look on her face when she saw my cock. It was one of confusion and disbelief. 

"What's up Nikki?" I asked, rinsing off the soap and turning off the water. 

"What's going on Todd? I don't think I've ever seen you without a hardon," she said, looking up my body to my face. "Care to explain that?" she asked. 

"I can't really. I don't know why it does this, but it hasn't been soft for two days," I smiled and grabbed my towel. 

She was about to quiz me on' how that's possible' and again with 'what I took' and 'isn't that bad' like others, but I cut her off. 

"I'm fine really. It's just hard, that's all. I need to get to my next scene, unless there is anything else I can do for you," I said, wrapping the towel around my waste and pinning my cock up against my body. 

"Actually," she said, walking right up to me and putting her hand on my chest, "I talked more with Anna. She can't stop talking about how good you were and how you tasted. She said that your clear stuff was what jolted her out of her fear and the more she ate, the better she felt and the wilder she became." She explained, with both hands on my smooth chest now. 

"Yeah, that's probably pretty accurate, can't explain that either," I said. 

"Well what 'do' you know Todd?" she asked, sliding her hand down towards my cock. 

"I know that I'm needed elsewhere, but if you really want to continue...whatever 'this' is, I'll talk to you after Bree," I said grabbing her hands and quickly moving away from her. My cock throbbed and it wanted her, but shit I didn't have time. 

"I'll be waiting," she called after me. I went to find stage 2. 

I walked in and Mr. H saw me. 

"Great...Bree this is Todd, Todd, Bree," he said, introducing me to the tiny little blonde I had seen in the photo album. 

She was wearing a terrycloth robe. Her hair and makeup were perfect. She was really cute, but not as hot as Anna. Her breasts were small and real. She only stood around five feet and barely made it to my chest. We said hello to each other and then Mr. H continued. 

"Bree wants the whole kit-and-caboodle this afternoon. She's saving up for a new car. You up for that Todd?" he asked me. 

"Umm, remember I'm new here. What does that entail exactly," I asked smiling. 

"Oh right, good point. Okay, well it starts with oral, then vaginal in a few positions and then right into anal for a few more. Then she wants a full facial and swallowing," he explained. 

I remembered this now from reading about becoming a porn star on the internet. She must get paid for each act she performs. Anal will make her the most, but she'll still get money for the other stuff. 'Anal!! Holy shit!' I thought to myself. I hadn't done anal ever. I was always too worried about the girl and hurting her with my wide cock. 

I looked down at Bree and noticed how small she was again. I was really concerned about doing anal. Mr. H seemed to see my conundrum and spoke up. 

"Don't worry about Bree, she's a professional. She'll handle anything you can dish out," he said smiling. 

"Okay then. Yeah, I'm good with all that," I said smiling at Bree. 

She didn't exactly smile back, more like a cocky grin. I knew she had much more experience than I could even fathom. She walked away, Mr. H turned towards some other person to answer a question. I just had my towel around my waist and stood there with my hard cock pinned in the towel. Then I saw her. The same young woman from stage 1 with Anna, the fluffer I figured. She was staring at my cock with an angry face and her arms folded across her chest sitting in a chair. She was pretty hot, hotter if she was actually smiling and not throwing daggers towards me. She had straight brown hair just above her shoulders, slim arms and legs and about a B to a small C cup chest in her braless T-shirt. 

She saw me looking at her. She got even angrier. I think I had an idea why, so I went over to ask her while the final arrangements were made. 

"Hi, I'm Todd. You okay," I said to her. 

"No I'm not okay. Do you know what I do around here?" she asked. 

"I have an idea," I said. "Fluffer?" I asked. 

"Exactly and I only get paid if I actually 'fluff' something," she said, looking at my crotch. 

"I see. So you're pissed off cause I don't exactly need any?" I asked. 

"Exactly, I mean shit you're as hard as a rock now for fuck sakes and we haven't even started," she said through tight lips, trying to keep her voice down. 

"I'm sorry. What do you suggest?" I asked. 

"Fucking think about dead kittens, old grandmas or baseball for hell sakes, you're killing me. Not once did you need help with Anna, and Bree's going to be worse," she said frustrated. 

"Look, I'm sorry, but I can't make it go soft, even if I wanted too," I said. 

"Huh?" she said, looking up at me confused. 

"It won't go down ever!" I said. 

"Oh fucking great! I'm out of a job then. Mr. H thinks you are the bomb.com and has you scheduled all week. What the fuck am I going to do?" she asked. 

I shrugged, "Can't really fake it can I?" 

"Well maybe even if its hard you could ask for me. They will think you just want me to maintain it for you," she said optimistically. 

"Oh... okay cool, I'll do that then. What's your name?" I said to her just as Mr. H called for me. 

She smiled and said, "Mandy," and looked a lot happier. I was glad I talked to her. 

I walked over to Mr. H and he said, "Okay Todd, not much of a plot with this one, just stand here and she'll come in and take over. 

"Okay cool," I said. 

Lights came alive and the cameras started rolling, there were two this time. I looked around the stage at the props they had set up. I was standing in a fake kitchen, bar stool, counter and fake sink and everything. Mr. H wasn't directing this one, he was just watching. The other guy I hadn't met yelled action. 

Bree came around the corner in a black negligee and looked fabulous. She walked right up to me and said, "Did you enjoy your shower?" 

"Yes I did actually," I said not kidding. 

"Good, but you're going to enjoy this more," she said and pulled my towel off and let it fall to the ground. 

"Cut!" the director yelled. 

I looked at him and he looked pissed. "What the hell? Why are you hard already?" he asked. 

"Huh?" I asked "is that bad?" 

"Not bad bad, just not very realistic. You just took a shower and are in you kitchen with a towel on, why would you be hard like that?" he asked. 

"Cause Bree's hot?" I snickered. 

Everyone in the room started laughing. Bree winked at me. The fluffer put her head in her hands and shook it. 

The director smiled a perturbed smile and said, "Well fine then, let's just do this. Places people!" he hollered. Bree left the room again and I put my towel back on. 

We started again and this time when she dropped my towel, she acted accordingly. 

"Oh, look at you, already good and hard for me. Were you being naughty in the shower?" she asked. 

"Busted," I said with a smile. 

"You need to be punished you naughty boy," she said and dropped to her knees using the towel on the hard floor. 

She grabbed my rigid shaft and went after my balls instead of my cock. She inhaled the left and hummed, vibrating my testicle. It felt great. My cock lurched. I looked down and saw the pre-cum begin running down the shaft. She sucked and licked my nuts. Then ran her tongue up the center of my shaft and touched the pre-cum with her tongue and froze. She looked up at me with huge eyes. I smiled down at her. 

Holy fucking shit! She freaking went nuts and started sucking my cock so furiously that I was rocking back and forth, trying to keep my balance. Her painted nails scratched my ass and legs. She devoured me. Swallowing my pre-cum just like all the others, she was so aggressive I wasn't going to last two minutes at this rate. I finally had to grab her head and try and slow her down. She gained some composure and slowed, but by the time the director called cut she was all over it again. I almost lost it. 

"Wow, very nice Bree, feeling good today I see," he said 

I had to force her off my cock. She stood up smiling and licking her lips. "Oh ya, I'm feeling really good," she said smiling and looking at my cock. "Yummy." 

"Great. Okay, moving on. Bree up here on the counter. Todd you are going to eat her for about five minutes and then start in her pussy," he said, looking at me and Bree. 

She turned towards him and he, all of the sudden, looked concerned. 

"Makeup! He yelled. Bree you really got into that blowjob. You messed your makeup all up." He said. 

Bree had to walk over to get fixed up. I just stood there with my throbbing cock trying to get it to settle down again. She almost had me past the point of stopping. I was minding my own business, when I saw Mandy waving her hands trying to get my attention. Shit, she wanted me to ask for her services. It was a good time, made sense. I didn't know exactly what to say or do. 

"Mandy!" I blurted and she flew off of her chair towards me with a big smile. 

"Thanks," she said as she grabbed my hard cock, "not that you need it," she smiled. 

She stroked slowly, then put my head in her mouth. Shit that was a mistake. As soon as she tasted my pre-cum, she took her job way too serious and started sucking me like she wanted me to cum immediately. 

"Fuck Mandy, ease up girl" I said softly down to her. 

She took me out of her mouth and looked up, "sorry, you just taste so good," she said and put me back in her mouth, but at least she slowed down. It took about two minutes for Bree to get her make up fixed. Mandy sucked me almost the entire time. Bree was already on the counter and the director was about to yell action. 

"Okay, thanks Mandy. He's good and hard still," he said. Mandy didn't want to stop, but I pulled her up. She bit her lip and looked like I had stolen her candy. She reluctantly went back to her chair. Her round breasts were capped off with large hard nipples through her Vivid T-shirt. 

I walked over to Bree with my cock throbbing. The director yelled for us to start. I lifted Bree's sexy legs and helped her out of her wet panties. Her pussy was mostly hairless, just a small patch above her clitoris. I dove right in. She was already engorged and tasted a little bitter, not near as good as Anna had, but it didn't bother me. I did what I was told and ate her for about five minutes, alternating between her clit, pussy, and ass. I figured I should do that, since this was going to be an anal scene. 

She moaned and talked dirty to me as I feasted. Kept telling me to lick her little ass. I figured she was prepping for the anal. I didn't wait to be told to stick it in. I just took the initiative, stopped eating her and grabbed my cock. It was a freaking mess. Pre-cum was running all the way down the shaft and over my balls while I ate her. I spread it on my head and then all around her lips and clit. She perked right up, raised her head off the counter and looked down at me to see what I had just put on her. 

I smiled and slid my cock into her already quivering pussy. Damn dude, I thought. It was hot when porn stars acted turned on, but when they were actually turned on it was much better. This little fire cracker of a woman went ballistic with my hard cock in her pre-cum covered pussy and clit. She screamed every word in the book and climaxed so hard I though she was going to vibrate the fake counter right off the set. She was no longer acting. I treated the 'professional' to a real live orgasm to match and exceed anything she had experienced before. 

Damn, her pussy muscles were strong. She was grabbing my shaft like a vice as her pussy convulsed and shuddered. She screamed for me to fuck her as hard as I could and had a look of wanton lust on her face. The cameras were all over it. I drove my cock as fast as I could into her dripping snatch. It wasn't enough for her apparently and I soon found out what Anna meant about Bree being 'pretty wild'. She rose up off the counter, pushed me away and told me to get on the ground. I obeyed. The director ate it up. She jumped on top of me and worked my cock back into her pussy without any hands. Then bent me back vertical and started riding me so fast and furious it was amazing. 

Her little body was pounding away at my cock. She was screaming and cumming again only a few seconds later. She had incredible endurance and rode me with no letting up for a good while, cumming the whole time. She hadn't taken off her negligee top yet, so I couldn't even see her tits. I reached up anyway and brushed them with my palms as she bounced up and down. Her pussy was too good. She was working it too well. I was going to loose it if I didn't act quickly. Luckily, the director called cut again, but even this didn't stop Bree. She seemed possessed and loved what my cock was doing to her. I finally held her hips down where she couldn't move anymore. She opened her eyes and looked around. 

She seemed embarrassed. I guess she hadn't heard him yell. She got up and cum dripped down her leg from her effort. 

"Very nice Bree, I haven't seen you act like this for a while now," he said. 

"I haven't felt like this for a while," she smiled. 

"Okay, lets use the stools. I think we are ready for anal now," the director said. 

Bree looked excited actually. She quickly put her legs over one of the stools, then bent over so that her chest was on the other. She scooted back a little. Her ass was just perfect for the fucking. It was already coated with her cum, but an assistant had some lube in her hand in case we needed it. I looked around. Mandy was begging from me to call her over again. I shrugged my shoulders, trying to say I was sorry but Bree was already set and wanting it bad. 

"Okay, action," the director yelled. 

I moved forward and put my finger in the thick cum on her ass and rubbed it around her puckered hole. Then pressed my middle finger into her tight ass. She opened quickly for it. I was so excited my heart started to race. Anal sex was about to happen for me! I added another finger. The cameras zoomed in right next to me. She was more than ready. My cock was oozing its own lube, which I spread around my head again. Then I bent my cock down and put it up against her slick hole. I eased it past her tight muscle. She easily adjusted to my width, even as small as she was. Hot sweet bliss covered my cock as more disappeared into Bree's sensational ass. She urged me on, looking over her back. 

"That's it! Fuck my ass you naughty boy!" she screamed at me. 

I watched, memorized as my entire length slowly disappeared into this tiny woman. I wondered if my pre-cum was going to have the same effect in her ass as it had in her pussy. It didn't take long to learn the answer. I felt her ass tighten up and almost pinch off my cock as she began to scream and orgasm again. I pulled back out and in again. She freaked out about how good it was, and how wonderful my cock felt in her tight little ass. 

"Fuck me! Fuck my little ass! AAhhhhh it's so good!" she screamed again. 

Shit! It was good. I hadn't felt anything this tight and hot ever before. My balls began to ache for release as my hard cock throbbed and pulsed inside of her quivering ass. I really don't know how I managed, but I began to fuck her, harder and faster. She just got louder and more into it the more my cock oozed inside of her bowels, flooding her body with rapture. I finally had to pull out or I was going to shoot into her ass. I stepped back and pinched my head. She attacked me, dropped to her knees and sucked her ass and my pre-cum off of my cock. This really shocked me. She didn't have to do that, but she wasn't acting anymore and was just wild Bree. 

She sucked me clean. Then pushed me over again on my back and eased my cock into her ass again from above. I knew I was in trouble with her calling the shots now. My cock was already close to cumming. I looked around trying to focus on something else other than the exquisite ass on my cock. I saw the director with a big smile on his face, loving what he was seeing. That was good I figured. When I looked back at Bree, she was tugging off her negligee finally so I could see her small round breasts. Her nipples were erect like I knew they would be. The image made it harder not to cum, so I closed my eyes and focused on not cumming yet. 

She rode me like a crazy woman, gyrating her hips and slamming my hard cock into her ass over and over. I had never been fucked like this before. I didn't know a woman could do the things she was doing to my cock with her ass. She had years of experience. With her so in her element, she blew me away with her talent. 

"Anytime you are ready Todd," the director yelled over Bree. I guess they would edit that out later. 

Oh shit I was ready, past ready. Bree was working my cock like I had never had before. I was past the point and holding it in while I tried to get her off of me. She realized what I was doing, quickly backed off and stayed on her knees waiting for my orgasm. 

I wondered, as the first eruption hit her open mouth, if someone had warned her about how much I can cum. If they had, she didn't seemed worried. Her face showed absolute elation as more of my semen filled her mouth and dripped down her body. She swallowed and still more splashed on her as she tried to keep up. She hollered and screamed in delight as my ejaculating cock continued spraying her body until she was covered in hot sticky semen. When it stopped shooting, she grabbed it and sucked so hard I about fell over. She was definitely getting her pay check today. Her face and chest were a mess. She scooped it up with her finger and ate it for the camera. I knew she wasn't acting again because it was way over zealous, just like the female cop in the filth. 

The director started clapping. The rest of the crew did as well. He came up from behind me and said, "Unbelievable cum shot Todd. I think you might win an award for that one." 

I smiled. The assistants moved in and cleaned up Bree. Once she was clean, she found me in the crowd of people. 

"Holy shit Todd. I've never felt like that before. You were fantastic. We should do more scenes, we should make a full length film, just you and me," she said ecstatic. 

She acted like she wanted to jump right back on me and keep going. It wouldn't have been a problem, because I was still rock hard. I knew I needed to put a robe on or towel before someone questioned me again. Bree was now talking to the director about how soon she could get this scene out there. The director was right there with the same idea. They kept mentioning an awards show. Both were convinced they had something special in this scene we just finished. I cleaned up my cock and wrapped a towel around myself pinning my cock up against my body. Mandy was walking towards me. 

"Damn Todd. You came just as much with Bree as you did with Anna. I've never seen so much cum in one day. Thanks for calling me over, at least I got one in. I got so horny sucking your dick, I had a hard time not joining you two. I'm still reeling from your taste, kinda freaking out actually," she said, obviously flushed. 

"I'll be in the shower if you just can't do without," I said and smiled at her. 

I walked away with her stunned and contemplating the option. Outside the door, Nikki was waiting for me with a sexy look on her face. 

"Hi Nikki. Did you watch any of that?" I asked, knowing she had. 

"All of it, and again you were amazing," she smiled. 

"So where's Anna?" I asked. 

