 Chapter 1 

I have a condition called priapism, or a prolonged erection that never goes away no matter what I do. The doctors tell me as long as it isn't hurting then it should be fine. Normally when this happens to a man it is very dangerous and they should seek immediate medical attention but my situation is different. 

Of course there are downsides, no spandex, as you can imagine. I have to wear baggy shorts or pants to hide my more then average seven-inch penis. Sports with others is out. So is changing in a locker room. Taking a leak is a pain as well. I have to bend it as far down as I can, then lean over with my hands against the wall to hit the toilet. You get the idea. Since it doesn't hurt, I've gotten used to it and I think the benefits are pretty sweet. 

I mean, shit, I never have a woman complain about me going soft after cumming. I can just keep going and going until I cum again if I want. Pleasing multiple women isn't a problem either. So I decided to use my 'gift' and see if I could work my way into adult films. Just think of the money they would save of fluffers. But I'm getting ahead of myself, you first need it know how this came about. 

I had just turned twenty-one and my friends Blake and Jacob took me out on the town to celebrate. Now legal, we went to a bar and ordered up our first round. We were having a great time checking out all the hot women and getting pretty slammed. Its kind of fuzzy now but what I do remember was this smoking hot blond, older than us, but not by much. We started messing around and talking to her. My friends told her it was my birthday and we were all celebrating. I don't know why, but she took a liking to me and said she wanted to give me a birthday present I would never forget. 

My friends all hooted about that and teased me big time. I wasn't a virgin by any means but hadn't had many women. My dick was normal at this time. We thought she was just teasing us until she grabbed my shirt and pulled me towards the back of the joint. She must have been a regular or knew someone because she got access to a back room and pushed me into a soft leather sofa. I still had a beer in my hand and drank it down quick as she knelt in front of me on the floor. 

Everything happened so fast after that it's hard to explain. She was like way over zealous and tore at my pants and belt, yanking it right out of the loops and had my soft cock out in the open in nothing flat. I didn't dare stop her she looked crazed or something. When she sucked my limp cock into her mouth it started to grow rapidly and felt incredible. Once it was hard, she never even used her hands. She sucked my cock like I've never had done before or since. 

It almost hurt, she was sucking so hard. My cock swelled further then I've ever seen it. Then she took me all the way in her mouth while somehow still keeping the vacuum-like sucking action. I couldn't take it any more and ejaculated deep in her throat. She must have swallowed it all because nothing escaped her lips. My cock was shiny and clean when she took it out of her mouth. 

She looked at it and then at my face and said, "happy birthday Todd. I hope you enjoy your gift." And that was it. She just walked away. I never saw her again. 

It was odd that she said 'enjoy' instead of 'enjoyed' because I thought the gift was over when I came and she left. But as I sat there stunned my cock remained as hard as if I hadn't cum yet. I waited, trying to get it to go down, but it just wouldn't. I finally just had to do up my pants and boxers over the thing and try to find my friends. Unfortunately my hardon was very noticeable and Blake and Jacob were laughing their asses off when they saw me return and try to hide it by untucking my shirt. A few women saw as well and whispered to each other. I convinced my pals that it was time to leave. 

Oh man I heard all about it in the taxi. They wanted to know everything that happened. I totally expected my cock to go down on the ride home, but by the time I was dropped off it was still erect and actually throbbing in my pants. I went to my room and locked my door so my mom wouldn't come in and see me. Taking off my pants I just stared at my engorged member and was afraid to touch it. It didn't hurt. It was actually very stimulated and I felt horny again. I wondered if I masturbated then maybe it would go away finally. 

I grabbed my favorite Penthouse from under my dresser and started stroking to the penetration pictures. It didn't take long before I had to move the magazine and shoot my load onto my desk. Lots of cum shot out and it was amazing I had that much still after the blow job from the blonde. I mean it was more then I usually have after a week or more of not doing my girlfriend. I cleaned it up in an old sock and sat down to wait and see what would happen now to my still throbbing cock. I put the Penthouse back and pulled up my boxers and laid on my bed to wait and see. Shit even after five minutes it was still raging. 15.......30..... an hour had gone by and I was still as hard as a rock. I was beginning to get worried, kind of freaking out actually. 

I turned on my computer and looked up erections that wouldn't go away. Everything I read said it was extremely painful and if I didn't get help quick I could be permanently damaged and may never get it up again. But I didn't have any pain. I didn't fit any of the symptoms other than my cock was hard. I mean it just felt like I was sexually stimulated and ready to get some action again. I didn't know what to do. I figured I'd just try and sleep and if it was still hard in the morning I'd have to talk to my dad or to a doctor. 

Morning came and it was huge still. This isn't actually odd, I usually have morning wood but it goes away after I take a leak or before. So I jumped up and went to the bathroom and tried to relieve my bladder but it was so hard I couldn't get the right angle to hit the toilet. So I jumped in the shower to make a golden rainbow arch as I let out all the beer I had drank the night before. It was a ton of pee and I really fully expected my cock to finally go down. 

Nothing happened so I just began washing myself for the day. When I lathered up my hard cock, it just felt so good I forgot about anything else and began to toss off using the soap. My cock was so sensitive and hard that I came in a matter of minutes. Cum flew everywhere in the shower and I had to brace myself on the wall as it just kept shooting. I made sure it all washed down the drain so my mom wouldn't find any when she cleaned. 

It remained hard. I panicked, got out and went to find my dad. He thought I was full of shit. But when he saw the concern on my face and the huge bulge in my sweat pants he told me to get in the car, he would be there in a second. I guess he made up a story to my mom and then took me to his doctor. 

"And there is no pain at all?" the doctor asked me. 

"None, it's actually quite pleasurable, like I'm sexually stimulated," I told him. 

"Well son this is really odd, I've never seen anything like it before. Normally in cases like this the man is in extreme discomfort and we have to drain the penis manually with a stint or syringe. But in this case where you have no pain, I don't think that is the best course of action," he explained. 

"So what do you suggest," my dad asked. 

"Just time. But if there is pain or discomfort you need to bring him back," the doctor answered. 

So we left and my dad took me home. We stopped at McDonalds on the way home going through the drive thru. When we got home, he told me to just relax and he'd check on me later. 

"Dad I have a date with Suzy tonight. What am I going to do if this doesn't go away?" I asked. 

He laughed, "Well I can think of a few things." 

"Not funny," I said looking worried. 

My parents were really opened minded. They knew I had porn and did my girlfriends but this was different. I didn't know how to handle a hardon that wouldn't go away. He didn't either. He just shrugged his shoulders and left me to myself. What else is there to do you do in your room alone with a ragging hardon? Exactly. So I got my magazines back out and five minutes later I had cum again. I was positive the amount of cum was even more this time. It was all over my desk. I hadn't seen a cock shoot that much cum since Peter North and I think I had him beat. It was so much I had a hard time cleaning it all up. The intensity of my orgasm was phenomenal as well. Usually its good but when my cock just kept squirting, the pleasure continued and lasted just as intense as the first squirt to the last. I almost fell over it felt so good. 

My cock was unchanged. Even after the enormous orgasm it stayed up and hard almost begging for more. So I told myself "what the fuck, I'll see what is possible with this thing now." I started stoking it again and only after about thirty seconds I felt my urge to cum return. The sensation was wonderful, it was like I hadn't even cum for a few days. You know the feeling, where your heart races and the euphoria spreads over your body from the stimulated cock in your hand. Where you know you are going to orgasm in a matter of minutes and are just humming with pleasure. It was crazy to think I could feel like this again and only a minute had passed since saucing all over my desk with so much cum. 

I delayed this one because it felt really good and I had time to kill, alternating my speed and motion on my hard cock while flipping through the pages of my magazine. Pre-cum was running out of my hole like a faucet and dripping all over my hand. My balls were tight and strangely didn't hurt even after all the use. I couldn't believe what my cock was doing. I was thoroughly enjoying the sensations rushing through my body. My cock had never felt so large and wide before. 

I flipped the page to my favorite girl, a tiny little blonde with big fake tits, and lost it again. The intense pleasure peaked and I tightened up holding it in for as long as I could. Before I released clear liquid squirted out of my head followed by the white thick semen as I was forced to let go. The rope of cum was thick and long and splashed on my desk followed by 12 more only slightly smaller than the previous. Yep I actually counted just to see. It was unreal, totally not natural and felt beyond words. I almost couldn't count and focus on how many because it felt so good and the mess it made was devastating. Somehow my cock was increasing the amount of semen instead of decreasing the more I came. After it finally stopped I felt extremely hungry and thirsty. 

I had to use a dirty sweat shirt to clean this one up. My room smelled like fresh man cum and still my cock was hard and throbbing like nothing had happened. I sat down at my desk and ate the food from McDonalds and drank the orange juice. I just stared at my hard cock with amazement. I started trying to think how this could be happening and my mind went back to the hot blonde at the bar. 

"She must have done something to it," I thought out loud. This didn't make sense of course, how could her blowjob affect my penis this way and for this long. But nothing else came to me. It was the only thing that I had done different and I decided to try and find her and ask her about it. Since she seemed to be known there I was hoping the owners or employees could give me a heads up on her. 

I finished my food, grabbed my keys and tried to hide my boner as I left the house to drive to the bar. 

Chapter 2 

The bar was a dead end. They didn't know the woman or even remember the person I described. I might have been drunker than I thought but I could have sworn she was really hot and unforgettable and that the guy at the room door let her in like she owned the place. Anyway I never saw her again like I said before and don't know if she had something to do with this or not. 

I went home and watched some TV with a pillow on my lap so my mom wouldn't see my large bulge. She fed me lunch while I watched and was being nice to me because my dad said I was sick or something I guess. Lunch was good and I noticed I was hungrier and thirstier than I usually was, probably from all the cumming. Then, while I was watching TV, a lingerie commercial came on and I felt my hard cock lurch in my pants for some action. 

I quickly went to the bathroom while my mom was cleaning up from lunch and started stoking my excited cock. Pre-cum was oozing out before I even started. Normally without my porn it took much longer but I had no problem at all and soon felt the intense sensation foretelling my explosion. I knew if the pattern continued that I would cum a lot and have to use most of the roll of toilet paper to clean it up. So I squatted down and held my cock over the open bowl and shot all my strings of cum directly into the water. I counted again to see if my theory was correct. It was thirteen last time before it just started to ooze out. This time it was 15 thick ropes of cum! 

My legs shook and my body convulsed as my hand stroked up and down my hard shaft. My cock spewed it's incredible load into the toilet. It sounded like I was urinating because of how much was hitting the water. I think the intensity was increasing as well because it made my eyes go blurry from pleasure. I wiped off the thick globs that were still on my head and looked into the toilet at all the white thick cum. It shouldn't be that thick or that much. I couldn't imagine what was happening to my body. 

***** 

My date with my girlfriend Suzy arrived. I was supposed to pick her up at 7. We didn't really have anything planned and I was hoping she would just want to hang out together and watch a movie or something. I wasn't really looking forward to going out on the town with my cock hard as a rock. 

At the door she hugged me and then stepped back with a strange look on her face. She stared at me and then looked down slowly. 

"Wow Todd happy to see me or what?" she asked. 

"Well ya but that's not the reason for this," I said pointing to my hardon. "It's been like this since last night with Jake and Blake. It won't go away." 

"What do you mean it won't go away? That's bad right? I've heard the commercials about an erection lasting longer then 4 hours is doctor worthy," she said looking concerned. 

"I know and I went to my dads this morning. He said if it didn't hurt that I was fine and it would just take time. But that was like at 8am and its still hard Suzy," I exclaimed. 

"Well I know a way we can get it to go soft.... You just need to cum," she smiled and let me in the door. 

I was embarrassed to say that I had tried that, so I just let things play out. Maybe she could help me and I did need a woman's touch. 

"My parents are already gone so we have the house to ourselves," she said pulling me by the hand to her room. 

She shut and locked the door out of habit and turned back to me as I stood in the middle of her room. 

"So let's see what we can do with this thing," she said walking up to me and placing her hand on my hard shaft. 

She kissed me deep and kept her hand on my dick. Then after the kiss, she slowly dropped to her knees and began working on my belt and pants. She had them off quick and pulled my boxers off as well. She stared at my engorged member. 

"Wow Todd it's really hard, I don't think I've seen it this hard unless you are about to cum," she said and wrapped her hand around the shaft. 

She bent it sideways and down looking at it with curiosity. Everything she did felt great and I just stood there watching her. 

"It looks fine, just really big and hard but I can't see anything wrong with it," she said. 

"I know. I don't get it either but it's been that hard since the bar last night," I said to her. 

"Huh, well I'll see what I can do sweetie. Don't worry Suzy's here," she said laughing. 

Her fingers tightened on the shaft and began to stroke the skin up and down like I do when I toss off. She sped up and then the sweet bliss of her warm mouth engulfed the head. She sucked and tickled the underside of my head with her tongue. Much better than a standard hand job. More of my cock went into her mouth and she kept stroking as well as sucking. Then back out and she looked up at me. 

"How's it feel?" she asked. 

"Wonderful, perfect just like always," I answered. 

"It's really hard, feels so much more solid than I remember," she said and put it back in her mouth. 

Her main goal was to get me to cum quick, so she didn't waste any time and went right after it. She knew just what I liked and what made me cum the quickest. I guess I should have warned her about how much I would cum but that would give away that I had played before I came to her house. 

"Oh fuck ya Suzy, I'm going to cum!" I said right before. 

Normally she just lets me cum in her mouth and swallows the average load with ease. But when my cock started shooting this time, she was quickly overwhelmed by the amount and started to gag and had to pull me out of her mouth. Well, my cock just didn't want to stop even when she wasn't stroking anymore. It sprayed her in the face and hair two or three times before she held up her hands and blocked the rest of the spurts. 

"Fuck Todd! What the hell!" she screamed, covered in my sperm. 

It was dripping off her face onto her shirt and off her hands onto her rug and wasn't stopping. 

"I'm sorry. I don't know what to do," I struggled to say between the continued spurts. 

She just looked at me horrified and held her hands up in front of it as it spurted its last few ropes of cum. It was all over and I think it was again more than the last time in the bathroom. Her shirt was covered. Her rug was ruined with gobs of white jizz covering it. 

"What the fuck did you take Todd!" she accused me. 

"Nothing, really! I don't know what's going on. It just started doing this today," I defended. 

"You had to do something. That much cum isn't natural," she said, trying to wipe her face off with the backs of her hands because her palms were covered. 

"Really, I'll I had was beer at the bar and then some McDonalds and a sandwich for lunch I promise." I said. 

"Whatever! I don't believe you, Jake and Blake must have given you something for your birthday. You knew this would happen, you're a bastard Todd! Look at my rug, how the fuck am I going to hide this from my mom?" she blurted. 

"Suzy, please listen to me. I honestly don't know what is going on. Blake and Jacob didn't do anything I swear." 

She just stared at me unbelieving and stood up looking at the mess on her hands. Without a word she tried to leave the room but couldn't open the door with her sperm covered hands. I quickly moved forward with my pants around my ankles and opened it for her. 

"I've got to get something to clean this up," she said. 

I stayed in her room and my cock stayed hard. I didn't bother pulling up my pants because I was going to try and show her that I really did have a problem. She came back after a while. She had cleaned up her face, hair and hands in the bathroom first and then returned with a bucket of some pine cleaner and a rag. When she came in she saw me sitting on her bed with my rock hard cock. 

"What the hell Todd? How can you still be hard?" she asked setting the bucked next to the mess on the floor. 

"That's what I've been trying to tell you, it won't go down no matter what I do. I'm sorry Suzy but to be honest I've masturbated a bunch since last night trying to get it to calm down. Each time it seems I produce more cum than the last time," I said.  

She looked at me with a glare, "You knew you were going to cum like this, all over me and the floor?" she screamed. 

I nodded, "Ya kinda," I said. 

"Thanks for the warning asshole! Judas Todd if I would have known, I could have been prepared," she said dropping to her knees to begin cleaning up the cum. She kept looking up at me as she rinsed the rag out and down at my cock. 
