 Chapter 12 

Judas! I was already hungry again! Cumming three times with that amount of volume took my energy right away. Kim stayed to clean up the apartment. Nikki, Anna and I returned to the studio. I was curious to know what Nikki had planned for that home video we had just made. I wondered if Mr. H would buy it from her. I had no clue it would actually get me in trouble. I guess I should have read my contract a little better. 

"What the hell were you thinking Todd?" Mr. H asked in a steady voice. 

He had just finished viewing the home porn movie I made during lunch. 

"I guess with my dick. I mean it's hot shit right?" I asked. 

"Yeah it's hot, that's the problem. If I don't buy it from her she will sell it to another studio and that makes your contract void and you in contractual breach. Look Todd I'm not the only owner of this company. I have two other partners and if they found about this not only would you be fired, they'd sue your ass." 

I didn't reply and just sat in front of his desk feeling very stupid. He had been approached by Nikki and Anna as soon as we got back. They told him they had something to show him. About 20 minutes later I was called into his office where I now sit. 

"Alright... shit... this is what we're going to do. I'm going to talk to our amateur guys to see what this is worth. You're going to sit tight in here. And from now on Todd, if you are going to fuck outside this studio make damn sure there are no cameras in the fucking room!" 

"Yes sir, sorry I wasn't thinking," I stammered. 

He got up, ejected the DVD and left his office. My cock was going crazy in my pants because I viewed a lot of the video with Mr. H before he lit into me. It was the first time I had seen myself on film fucking. I had to admit, it was pretty damn cool and the women I was doing were unbelievable. The way they acted while I fucked them was so damn hot. To say they were into it would be an understatement. Needless to say I just sat in the chair, waiting for him to come back, with a throbbing, oozing cock, which wanted nothing more than to explode again. 

Nikki must have seen Mr. H leave his office because a minute later she came in without knocking. She was alone. Anna must have been working the front desk again. 

"Well what does he think?" she said excitedly. 

"He thinks its hot shit. Look Nikki, just do me a favor and take what he offers you for it. I shouldn't have let you guys film me with my contract and all. Anna probably shouldn't have either unless hers is different than mine." 

"Anna's isn't finalized yet. And are you regretting what we did at lunch?" she asked, walking up to my chair and looking purposely down at my hard cock. 

"No, not at all. I didn't know it could get me fired though. I should have but I wasn't thinking." 

"Let's find out what he's willing to pay before I promise anything." 

"I was afraid you'd say that. So was this planned? You and Anna take me back to your place, film an episode and sell it?" I asked. "Is that why you came to work with her today?" 

"Maybe. I don't want to work as a waitress forever Todd. This might be my ticket out of that job." 

"At my expense!" 

"Oh right, like you didn't love every second of it. You'll be fine. You'll keep your job. They know what they have with you so just settle down." 

I hoped she was right. She was still standing by my chair looking between my face and my crotch. 

"Umm... Todd? You're oozing through your pants?" 

"Common occurrence lately. I watched some of the video with Mr. Hirsch. It got me going again." 

"Wow! Even after what you've done today? You are something special." 

"Yeah, maybe, but this things going to get me in trouble if I'm not more careful." I said grabbing my hard shaft through my pants. 

"How long do you think Mr. Hirsch will be?" she asked still staring at my cock. 

I had a feeling I knew what she was getting at. My cock throbbed harder but I knew it would be a bad idea to be going at it when he came back. 

"Not long enough Nikki. You should probably take off before he gets back," I said regrettably. 

She licked her lips, pulled her eyes away from my crotch and smiled at me. "If you change your mind, you can find me with Anna, stud." 

I just smiled back and watched her sway her sexy ass, leaving the room. She looked back and winked one final time. I sat waiting, thinking about how stupid I was and hoping this would work itself out. Mr. H came back about a half hour later with Anna and Nikki. They both smiled at me as they walked in. Mr. H had the DVD and went and sat down behind his desk. Anna and Nikki stood on both sides of me, waiting for him to speak. He was writing something on a piece of paper and then turned it over and slid it towards us. 

"I talked to the amateur guys and I'm willing to offer you this." 

Nikki went for the slip of paper faster than Anna. I just sat there with my hands in my lap. Mr. H scowled at me and Nikki showed the paper to Anna. My stomach growled while they looked over the offer. I watched their expressions and they seemed pleased but possibly were considering trying for more. 

"Do you two need some time to think about it?" Mr. H asked. 

They looked up at him and then down at me. I clenched my jaw and made it as clear as I could for them to just take the offer without actually speaking. 

"We accept. Right Nikki?" Anna spoke first. 

"Umm, yeah, fine, we'll take it," she replied. 

"Very good. I'll talk to finance and they will cut you check. Nikki, you should consider a contract with us and Anna we need to finalize yours before the weeks over." 

"Okay," Anna said. 

"I'll think about it Mr. Hirsch," Nikki said. 

They looked giddy as they walked out of his office. I turned back to him and his scowl wasn't any softer. 

"You cost me a lot of money Todd, but if what the boys said after watching the video is correct we should make it back and more. They better be right." 

"I hope so too sir." 

"Now I trust you won't be this foolish again. I feel hesitant to reward you for this fuck up but I don't want to have to cancel Miranda's appointment. We set up your shoot with her for tomorrow. She's going to get naked, and perform oral on you in front of the camera. That's all that she had promised, but she remained open for more." 

I about shot off in my pants, imagining her naked and sucking my cock. It was more than fine with me. He must have realized that just from the smile on my face. 

"Awesome, Mr. Hirsch, I'll be here early," I said. 

"I'll bet you will. Okay Todd, there is nothing further today. Bree's with the director planning your next scene so you can find her or just take off for the day if you want." 

I stood up, thanked him again and left his office. I didn't care to find Bree, I was more interested in finding out what Nikki and Anna scored for our little DVD. I checked the front desk but Anna wasn't there. A small brunette was covering for her. 

"Hi, I'm looking for Anna. Do you know where she is?" 

"She was leaving for the day after visiting finance for something?" the girl said. 

Her eyes drifted down my body and suddenly got wide when she saw my hard member and wet pants. She went red and looked all nervous. 

"Okay, thanks," I said and quickly left around the corner again. 

I almost ran into Nikki and Anna coming the other way. Nikki had a check in her hand and they both looked very happy. Nikki quickly folded the check and put it in her front pocket. 

"Hi Todd," Anna said. 

"Hi ladies. So are you going to keep that a secret or what?" I asked. 

"A secret, unless you want to make the sequel?" Nikki smiled. 

"I don't think so." 

"Your loss." 

"Oh come on, why can't I see it?" 

"Cause it's ours and Kim's you don't get any. Contract remember?" Nikki teased. 

"That's bullshit, just tell me how much." 

"Sorry Todd, we're going to go and celebrate. See ya tomorrow," Anna said. 

They both quickly moved around me, leaving me standing in the hall. They were laughing and I heard it until they walked out the front door. I was thinking about following them out when my phone rang. Suzy was calling me. 

"Hey you." 

"Hi Todd, are you busy?" she asked. 

"Not really why?" 

"Can you get off early and meet me. I found a place I want you to take a look at." 

I remembered she was out looking for a place for the two of us to move into. It was perfect timing. I told her I was able to leave, she gave me the address, and I headed over. 

***** 

Suzy got out of her car as I pulled up. My pants pretty much dried up during the drive but my cock was still as hard as ever. The address was a community of townhouses, white with brown trim, all two story narrow buildings. They looked well kept and the location was good. 

"What do you think?" Suzy asked running up to me giddy. 

"They look really nice." 

"There are two for rent and one for sale." 

"I doubt we could get a loan to buy," I said. 

"My parents might be willing to co-sign with us," she said. 

"I don't know about that, we're shacking up not getting married." 

"Let's just go look and we'll discuss that later." 

She grabbed my hand and pulled me towards one of the units. The door was open and either they were having an open house or she had called ahead to have the doors unlocked. She obviously had been in already, anxious to show me each room. She was overly excited and I commented briefly as she talked nonstop about the rooms. It was a nice place. 

"So what do you think?" she asked. 

"I like it, how much is rent?" 

"$1050 a month, but with your new job I think we can swing it." 

We were standing in what would be the master bedroom if we moved in. It was empty now, smelling of fresh carpet and paint. 

"We need a place of our own so I think we should go for it," I said. 

She screamed excitedly, jumping into my arms. Her body pressed against my hard penis and she kissed me. The kiss lingered causing my cock to throb between our bodies. The kiss finally ended and she looked at me with a large smile. 

"I see that your penis is still hard as ever." 

"Yep, no change whatsoever down there." 

"Goodie, I think we should celebrate and break in our new room." 

"You do, do you? We haven't even put money down yet." 

"I know but it will be fun, kind of exciting like we're not supposed to," she said rubbing my chest and slowly descending to her knees. 

Her hands found my hard rod, squeezing it firmly. She made quick work of my pants and before they hit the floor she already had my head in her mouth, moaning about the wonderful taste. 

"Man Todd, I love this new taste! I could suck you forever now," she commented before inhaling again. 

It felt wonderful. My hands went naturally to her hair, gently holding as she bobbed up and down on my member. She sucked hard on the tip and dove deeper, circling the shaft with her mouth and kneading my balls in her hands. My juice stimulated her, making her more aggressive. She was rocking me back and forth with her hands now on my ass, squeezing my cheeks and pulling me roughly towards her. She had all of my cock down her throat and somehow used her tongue on my balls. They were rising quickly. She seemed to get better every time she sucked my cock. My vision got blurry as the intense sensation covered my body, wobbling my legs. The feeling was so stimulating it was difficult not to blow my load down her throat only a few minutes in. 

Time flew by as she continued working my cock in her hot little mouth. She showed no sign of stopping. The brand new carpet looked soft and felt plenty padded under my feet. She alternated between sucking deep and shallow. Then licking my shaft with just the tip of her tongue, or sucking my oval shaped nuts while stroking my shaft. She was swallowing every drop of my pre-cum as it appeared out of my purple head. My cock was huge and swollen. Each pulse of my heart could be seen in the shaft and head, engorging it more each beat. 

"Fuck I'm so wet! I get so turned on sucking you now! I have to have it in me!" 

I helped her out of her panties, but kept her skirt on. Her panties were soaked through and quickly discarded onto the floor. She jumped into my arms and moved her hips and pussy up and down on my shaft until she worked my cock in her slick wet hole. She screamed in pleasure as my length penetrated her body. Her arms around me became tighter, as her nails dug into my back. She didn't hesitate and began rocking back and forth on my rod. I placed my hands under her ass and began to pull her cheeks apart while lifting her off and on my ragging length. I walked forward and slammed her against the wall and shoved my dick viciously into her body. She screamed out for me to fuck her and didn't seem to care who heard us. Up against the wall I continued slamming my full length into her over and over. Gritting my teeth, pounding away at her pussy. It was incredibly wet and hot. 

I knew anyone could walk in, but it added to the excitement. Her legs were tightly wrapped around me and her back made a thud every time I drove into her. Her breasts smashed into my hard chest and I felt juice dripping down my balls from her very stimulated twat. My need to fuck her overcame any fatigue in my arms and legs. I didn't pause in my thrusts or rhythm, and she screamed out soon that she was cumming. Her entire body convulsed and shook in my arms as her incredible climax took over her frame. More juice poured out of her. I could literally feel her heart pounding under her breasts. She was squeezing me so tight with her legs and arms it was almost painful. Her pleasured peaked. She suddenly became limp in my arms with her chest heaving up and down. 

I pounded a few more times into her limp body, causing little whimpers of pleasure to escape her lips. She was entirely overcome by her climax, not helping to hold herself up any longer. I spun around and laid her down on the plush carpet and looked down into her glassy eyes. She was gone, basking in the intense sensations caused by my cock. It was still deep inside of her, oozing its clear liquid. I raised her legs, spread them apart, and slowly withdrew my cock all the way out. I flipped up, bouncing over her body. She looked down at it as it hovered and bit her lip. Letting go of her left leg I grabbed my shaft and bent my cock down, rubbing the head all around her engorged and slick pussy. She had a plentiful amount of lube puddle around her puckered asshole. 

I pushed her up with my right hand on her leg, lifting her ass off the carpet. Her tight ass opened easily for my head and she moaned loud as it popped into her bottom. Hot tight bliss squeezed my head and I pushed more of my length into her bowels. Further in I pushed, until my balls were up against her tail bone. I held myself deep, letting my secretions work inside of her. Her lips parted in a silent expression of pleasure as she arched her back. I could feel her ass begin to contract on my shaft as the juice reacted within her. It felt so hot and tight I loved every second I had my cock in Suzy's ass. She was a huge fan of anal now as well since the last time. She started moving before I did, telling me by her motions she wanted me to work it. 

Her skirt was pushed up so I could see her wide open wet pussy as my cock moved in and out beneath it. It was hot shit watching my hard cock drift in and out, pushing her pussy juice out with each inward thrust. Her clit was engorged and pressing through her folds. I took advantage of my free hand now and pinched her little nub between my thumb and index finger. She reacted with a moan so I increased my speed inside of her. Her tight ass squeezed every inch of my cock as it penetrated her body over and over. My balls tightened up against my shaft on each side as I watched myself move in and out. Her nipples pressed out in her shirt and her body began to shake the longer I continued fucking her ass. 

The carpet was soft on my knees. I was in heaven, loving the feel of her tight ass around my cock. Popping all the way out, I let go of her clit and shoved my cock back in before her ass closed. She loved the sensation and screamed for me to do it again. All the way out again, I waited a tad longer before slipping my cock back in. Her tight outer muscle stimulated my head as I entered, causing my pleasure to peak each time I went all the way out and in. Each time I popped out I had to manually use my hand to put it back in because my cock was so hard it practically hit my stomach once out of her. A steady stream of vaginal secretions oozed out of her pussy and met my cock each time I reentered her. 

I kept it in, thrusting hard again over and over. She began screaming and thrashing around as another orgasm approached. I was on the verge as well, the excitement and feel of her ass was incredible. The sensation never diminished even after all the sex I've had. 

"Cum with me! Cum in my ass again!" she screamed feeling my cock harden and engorge foretelling my release. 

It was really the only option with most of our clothes still on. It was either this or have her try and swallow my large load. Her screams for me to cum put me over the edge. I tightened my muscles holding my pending release until I couldn't stand it any longer. I felt my load burst out inside of her, causing the reaction in her I expected. Each contraction caused pleasure to engulf me. It was almost too sensitive to move inside of her while I ejaculated. Each spurt was felt, filling her ass with my cum. She was wigging out again like before, with her ass doing amazing things on my cock. Her pussy flooded and spilled over in her convulsions and the look on her face could almost be considered painful if I didn't know better. 

She was going nuts and I knew the sensation was too much for her. She was trying to move and get up. My cock finished convulsing inside of her seconds later. I leaned over and picked her up, carrying her to the bathroom. She was shaking with spasms as I held her. I set her down and left her alone, closing the door after me. I got dressed and was picking up her panties when I heard an unfamiliar voice. 

"Are you with a Suzy Moore?" the voice asked, making me jump. 

I quickly put her wet panties in my pocket and turned to see the woman standing in the doorway. She was dressed in a woman's suit, red with a skirt. She had long sexy legs, blond hair and gold necklace resting on her ample cleavage. 

"Yes, I'm Todd. Suzy needed to use the facilities." 

"Oh, very good. So do you like the apartment?" she asked. 

"Very much." 

She walked towards me and the look on her face changed, I think she smelled the sex in the air. She looked around the room curiously, finding the imprints of my knees and legs in the carpet in front of what was obviously Suzy's back imprint. Her mouth widened slightly and she looked up at me quickly. I smiled politely like nothing was amiss but I knew what she was thinking. Luckily the toilet flushed and Suzy walked out fixing her skirt. 

"I thought I heard you, Lisa right?" Suzy asked. 

"Yes, it's nice to meet you officially," Lisa said. 

Suzy shook her hand, looked around for her underwear. I raised my eyebrow and put my hand in my pocket to let her know. She smiled at me about what we just got away with. Lisa began talking about the apartment, all that was included and some of the rules. I listened and walked with the woman back downstairs. 

"Now the other unit is rentable with an option to buy later if that's more of what you are looking for." 

"Yes, that might be better. We need to look into buying more but would like to pursue the option," Suzy answered. 

I didn't add much to the conversation. I was more worried about hiding my hard cock behind Suzy. We followed Lisa out and to the other unit, across a courtyard. It was pretty much identical except the floor plan was flip-flopped. Suzy told her we wanted it and we set up a time to do the paper work that evening. Lisa thanked us and locked up as we left. 
