 Chapter 10 

The next morning my mother still avoided me. I ate breakfast alone and left my house to get to the studio by ten o'clock. My dad was already at work. I hoped Suzy was successful in finding a place for us to live because staying at home wasn't an option anymore. Nothing had changed over night with my penis. It was still rock hard when I woke up and took a shower. It was really difficult not to play with it since it was so sensitive when I soaped it up. Just touching it brought the urge to masturbate back but I woke up late and needed to get to the studio on time. I was excited to meet Miranda, just remembering her picture made my cock jump in my pants. 

I was right on time but when I walked in Anna, Bree, Mandy, the two skanks, and even Nikki were waiting for me in the lobby. Nikki didn't even work here? From the looks on their faces I knew I was wanted in a major way. They all wanted to attack me just like Coburn and Suzy yesterday. I think my semen had an addicting factor to it, like a drug or something, because they hungered for it now. Bree saw me first and ran towards the door. 

"Todd! Good you're here! Are you ready to start our scenes!" she asked, much louder than needed to claim her hold on me. 

"Well... I'm supposed to meet Miranda today first," I said trying to walk around her. 

She was all over me. I thought she was going to go down on me standing in the lobby. The rest of the women looked at me wantonly. I smiled politely. Mandy, the fluffer used her tongue to simulate the look of my cock head pressing out on her cheek from inside her mouth. I knew she wanted me to use her services alot today. Nikki was standing next to Anna, whispering to her as they both stared at my hard cock. Seeing her was a surprise and a testament to how addicting my cock was. I really tried to ignore the two older nasty ladies. I didn't want to touch them again, not with the other gorgeous young women wanting me. 

I moved forward with Bree hanging on my body. She didn't let go and walked with me, but leaning heavily. Anna and Nikki smiled as I passed and scowled at Bree. She stayed with me the entire walk to Mr. H's office. I knocked on the door. 

"Good to see you Todd... Bree," Mr. H said as we both walked in. "Miranda's not going to be here until noon." 

"Oh great! So you have plenty of time to run through one of our new scenes then!" Bree blurted, practically squeezing me to death with a large hug. 

"Yeah... I guess so," I said. "Is that okay Mr. Hirsch?" 

"Yeah, she already has it set up and people are waiting on you. From what I understand you'll be good to go all day." He smiled. 

I smiled back and Bree practically dragged me out of the office to stage 1. As soon as I walked in, I was handed a script and surrounded by makeup and wardrobe people. Bree finally left my side and went to get herself ready. Mandy was sitting in her usual chair with a big smile on her face, staring at me. I winked at her and her smile got bigger. 

The set was a living room today with sofa, coffee table, lamps and two leather chairs that matched the sofa. Wardrobe handed me some clothes they wanted me to change into while I tried to read the script. It appeared Bree and I were going to have friends over to our new house and one thing would lead to another until we were all doing each other. I looked around for the other actress and actor but couldn't see anyone that looked like they were going to be part of the scene. I was shown to a small dressing room and went inside to switch into my new set clothes. When I came out Bree was sitting on the sofa in her new clothing and the director was talking to her. She waved me over and I joined them. 

"Okay Todd, just sit here with Bree and the doorbell will ring. Let Sara and Jake in for the tour of your house. We'll keep the chit chat to minimum until your new wife Bree suggests a little fun. Any questions?" the director asked. 

"Not really, except whom Sara and Jake are," I said. 

"They are just the names for the scene. I'm sure you'll recognize the actors when then come in," he said. 

"Right... gotcha." 

I sat down next to Bree. She moved closer and started rubbing my leg and acting like my new wife already. I was eager to see the actress I would be working with besides Bree. My cock was raring to go and already making a huge mess. The director yelled "places people... Action" and the cameras started filming. I heard a fake doorbell ring and turned to Bree. 

"They're here... I'll get it sweetie," I said and stood up to open the door. I recognized both people just like I was supposed to. They were both very popular adult actors but I just called them Sara and Jake and told them to come in. Bree stood up and joined us, giving both of them a hug and acted like she was going to take them on the tour. The director called cut as we walked towards the rest of the nonexistent house. 'Sara' or I think her real name was Lacie, was blond, about five six, thin, with a cute face. I was excited to get it on with her. 

"Okay good, now the tour is over and we are sitting together having a drink or two. Bree's going to suggest some adventure between couples," the director said. 

We all sat down, drinks were handed to us and he yelled action again. Sara started talking first and told Bree how much she loved the house and how lucky she was. Bree got right down to it after that. 

"Do you want to help us make our house official then?" he asked. 

"What do you mean?" Sara responded. 

"Well you know, it's not a home until you've fucked in every room. We should start here. You can help us," she smiled. 

"Sounds good to me. What do you say Jake? You up for it?" I added. 

"Sure if Sara's okay with it," he responded. 

"What are friends for? Absolutely we'll help," she said. 

Things got crazy after that. Bree was unrestrained and went straight for my belt and zipper. She had my raging hardon out of my pants in record time and dove right in before the other couple had practically moved together. Her mouth felt incredible, like I hadn't had sex in a week again. It really had only been less than eight hours, but the sensitivity and pleasure were spectacular. I just smiled at the others and let Bree work. She was soon stimulated from the pre-cum and really got into it. Sara kind of looked at her weird and didn't understand why she was acting the way she was. She didn't know about me yet. I watched her and her fake husband finally kiss and start rubbing each other. But the guy had to keep Sara's focus on him because she kept drifting back to what Bree was doing and the state of arousal she was in already. 

She was sucking so aggressively, I was going to cum way too fast. I knew I could just keep going but it would throw everyone else off thinking I ruined the scene. I finally had to pull Bree off my rod and work on getting her undressed to give my cock a break. Eventually we were all naked. I really liked what I saw from Sara. She was a little hottie with nice round breasts that weren't very big but had perfect form. The actor with her was hung very well, sporting at least 8 inches putting my average cock to shame. I wasn't too concerned since mine could do things his couldn't. He was receiving a nice blowjob from Sara now. Bree tried to get back to my cock but I pushed her over on the couch and began to eat her out instead. The blowjobs and oral sex lasted a few minutes, until the director called cut and wanted to get things moving. 

I remembered Mandy and while the director explained what he wanted from the two women. I called for her and she flew out of her chair running to be of service. She had a huge smile on her face and dropped to her knees while I stayed sitting on the couch. She sucked and sucked while I listened to directions. When the director was done explaining and wanting to get started, Mandy wouldn't get up and continued feasting on my rock hard cock. Sara again was shocked and had a puzzled look on her face. I guess she had never seen a fluffer so into her job before. I just smiled at her and forced Mandy off of my cock so we could continue. She apologized, thanked me and slowly walked back to her chair with hardened nipples and sway in her step. 

As soon as 'action' was called again, Bree jumped right on me and eased my cock into her very moist pussy. The other couple was having a hard time keeping up. Bree was already screaming and cumming before they had really started screwing each other. When I turned to look at them, the guy had Sara on her back in a chair and was sliding his large cock slowly in and out while Bree slammed up and down on me. It was my first experience viewing another couple having sex while I was getting some as well. It was damn hot and with Bree riding me with purpose my cock was ready to blow again. From what the director explained, he wanted many more positions done before the cum shots so I had to think fast. 

Bree was such a tiny thing it was easy to rise up and lift her off of my cock, spin her around and lay her down on the sofa. She smiled up at me when I slid my hard wet cock up and down her pussy trying to calm my balls down before I inserted it again. The pre-cum soaked her clit and she screamed in pleasure without me even being inside her. My balls dropped slightly and I pressed back into her as the camera moved in for a close up shot. Sara, behind me, was moaning now and telling the guy to give her that fat cock and calling him honey. It only took a few thrusts into Bree and my balls rose again increasing my pleasure. Bree played with her breasts and clit as I slid in and out of her in a steady medium speed. It was quick enough to keep her satisfied but slow enough to keep me from cumming too quick. 

The longer we went the more pre-cum soaked Bree's insides and she started going nuts like before. No longer acting, she was in the zone and enjoying her natural orgasm, not caring about the camera or what the director had told us to do. Her body started moving on the sofa in a strange rhythmic twist, combined with a convulsion. It was so hot and rubbed my cock to perfection. I lost it before I was supposed too. Without any warning I pulled my ejaculating cock out of her and splattered her body with a staggering amount of cum. Rope after rope splashed on her quivering body as I stroked myself off in shaking rapture. It felt incredible and I didn't care about anything else. 

After I was done moaning and cumming the room went silent. People, including the other couple, came over to view the mess I made on Bree's body as soon as the director called cut. 

"Damn Todd, you soaked her!" one guy said. 

"I've never seen that much cum from one guy before," Sara said "How long have you been saving that up?" 

Most everyone knew I hadn't been saving it up at all since I came a bunch yesterday. I just shrugged my shoulders, apologized for cumming so soon but assured the director I was still good to go again. I don't know if he believed me and was thinking of what to do now. 

"Okay we can just edit that cumshot to the end and focus on Lacie until Todd's ready again," he said. 

"Seriously! I ready now, look it's not going soft," I said. 

"Clean Bree off and get her ready to continue then, like it hasn't happened yet and we'll go again," the director said. 

It took a full length towel to clean all the cum off of Bree and the sofa. While they got her ready again, I called Mandy back over to clean my cock off. She went nuts, sucking the rest of my load out of my shaft and moaned as she ate it. She sucked until Bree was cleaned up and we were ready to go. We picked up right where we left off and started fucking again. The other couple was stunned I could do this with no break at all. I think the guy became a little self conscious because his cock went limp and Mandy had to fluff him before they got started. She acted totally different sucking his member, it was more of a job and work with him. Mine she loved to suck and wanted it all the time. 

Bree and I got right back into it, but I could tell without looking that the other couple was having issues. Sara was distracted and not focusing on her partner. He kept losing his erection. I guess the pressure got too much for the guy and once it went down the first time his mind and lack of confidence killed him. I turned around to look and he was completely limp again and frustrated. Sara took matters into her own hands and got up out of the chair and came over to Bree and I. 

"Do you mind if I share your new husband?" she asked still in character. 

The director must have like the new change and went with it without calling cut. The other guy just sat down in the chair and watched me fuck Bree and tried to get his cock hard again. "I guess it would be okay," Bree said. 

Sara positioned herself on her knees and spread her ass for me to see inside her pussy. It was very inviting and I couldn't resist. I pulled out of Bree and moved over slightly to the right and slid my cum coated cock into this new woman. She let out a loud moan as I slid in and back out. I began pumping her and a few minutes later she discovered how good my cock truly was. She started cumming and screaming how wonderful it felt and it was all real. Bree played with herself and watched me do Sara. Shortly after the other guy walked around to the back of the sofa with his cock mostly hard and fed it to Sara over the back of the couch. She took right to it and sucked him as I fucked her. 

I kept her cumming and it only increased the more my cock oozed inside of her. She got so carried away. Convulsing, she had to stop sucking the cock in her face and grab the back of the couch so she didn't fall over. I pulled out of her and a large gush of cum ran out of her pussy. I moved back to Bree after that and was going to put it back into her vagina but she had a better idea. When I looked at her, she had her ass opened by pulling it apart with four fingers. It wasn't hard to know what she wanted. I slid my cock easily into her open ass, especially with all the cum from Sara. Bree's hot ass encased my cock and I moaned as I threw my head back in ecstasy. 

Sara's fake husband came around and shoved his now fully hard and long cock into her soaked pussy and started slamming her like he was pissed off. She was ready for it with all my pre-cum in her and took him like the pro she was. I stood next to him and together we fucked the two women until the director called 'cut' to change things up. 

"Very nice, good improvisation ladies and well done guys to roll with it. That was hot stuff. Okay now let's get Bree into some DP and Lacie can keep her self hot until it's her turn," the director said. 

I had never done DP before, so I suddenly got really excited and forgot to call Mandy over to suck me. The other guy did. I could tell he was worried about going soft again. She walked over looking at me with anxious expression but ended up keeping the other guy hard with her hand and mouth. She kept looking at me and wanting me ask for her too. Before I could, the director had me sit down on the couch and Bree got up over me, facing away and eased her body down on my cock again. She took me in her ass and the director called for action again. Mandy looked upset and walked back to her chair. 

They filmed Bree moving up and down on my cock for a few minutes. Then the other guy moved in to put his large cock in her pussy. Holy shit it was odd! I felt his cock slide over mine inside Bree's body and her ass suddenly got really tight. She could no longer move as well now, so I wasn't able to thrust up either. I moved a little but most of what I felt was the large cock in her pussy sliding quickly in and out. Bree freaked out though. I felt her shaking and cumming in mere seconds as the big man pounded her. I don't know how she took both of us like this because my cock was extremely hard in her ass and didn't give at all. 

I couldn't see much with Bree leaning back on me but I think Sara was on the other end of the couch fingering herself and playing with her round breasts. We stayed like this for a good 5 minutes until the director wanted us to switch. I watched in amazement as Bree sat down on the huge cock of this guy and took all of him in her tiny ass. She rode him until I moved in and pressed my tool into her worn in pussy. It was a new sensation as well. Much tighter with the huge cock in her ass. I could feel my balls hit the other guys when I thrusts forward. I had a great view of Sara now, playing with her engorged clit and twisting her nipples. I was really enjoying myself and couldn't consider this work. 

We fucked the hell out of Bree. She seemed to love every minute of it. I'm pretty sure this was her best DP ever since my pre-cum was involved. From the sounds she was making and the way her body was reacting, she thoroughly enjoyed it. I had to really concentrate on not cumming since the excitement of my first DP session was intense. I worked my cock slowly for the camera and then sped up again, pounding Bree until she was screaming again. 

We eventually stopped, switched over to Sara and did the same thing to her. She had the same reaction and I loved fucking her little ass. I lost track of how many times the girls climaxed and was having the time of my life sandwiching these two hot woman with this other guy. 

I was having such a good time, I never even noticed her come in the studio to watch me. I just happened to glace up and see Miranda standing with Mr. H. Damn she was even hotter in person. They were talking quietly as I went back to work on Sara until the director called us to a stop. He was ready for the grand finale cumshots with both women on their knees. 

My counter part came first and gave both of them a nice load of cum, splattering their faces and tits. I stroked and watched him finish up, getting ready for my own orgasm. I looked up at Miranda and she was biting her lip watching us cum and I lost it. My load took Sara by surprise. I blasted her in the face with so much cum she had a hard time breathing, so I turned to Bree who opened her mouth and moved forward so she could eat all I gave her. Sara found out shortly how good I tasted and started licking her lips and eating the cum with her fingers. I had plenty more and turned back to her. This time she opened wide for my tasty treat. 

I was still cumming and looked up at Miranda. Her mouth had dropped open and her eyes were wide from surprise. I smiled at her and turned back to Bree with the rest of my load. It was another staggering amount. Once I was done, the two women started cleaning each other off and eating all they could. Everyone started clapping, including the guy I was working with once the director called cut. 

"Damn dude, how do you do that?" he asked. "I've never cum like that before and you did it twice!" 

"Lucky I guess," I said, sitting down on the sofa to rest. 

"I can't believe how good you taste Todd, what do you do to make it so good?" Sara asked. 

"Nothing, it's just like that," I said. 

"This has got to be my best scene ever!" she gushed. 

Miranda heard all of it and looked very impressed. I hoped she was because I wanted to fuck her really bad, and my cock did too. Everyone was given a robe and cleaned up. I stood up with a full hardon still and tired to hide it with my robe. Mr. H got my attention and called out to me. 

"Todd, once you're cleaned up come see us in my office," he said. I nodded to him and watched him leave with Miranda. I headed to the showers, planning on being quick about it. 

Chapter 11 

I should have known better. Mandy, Anna and even Nikki all beat me to the locker room and were waiting from me to come in. They didn't even give a second glance to the other porn star and his limp dick. He just showered quickly and left us alone. I saw him shaking his head when he walked out. 
