 Chapter 8

I assumed I was done for the day. I kind of hoped so because I was tired. My cock wasn't tired but the rest of me was. I rinsed off in the shower again, got dressed and headed out of the locker room. As I walked through the door Anna was running towards me crying. She almost knocked me down and I grabbed onto her as she sobbed. 

"Anna, what's wrong?" I asked.

She was babbling but what I did hear between sobs was something about Bree being a bitch and not letting Anna's scene with me get noticed. 

"Slow down Anna, tell me what happened." 

"Bree found out I did a scene with you and she's threatening to quit if it goes public. She wants her scene with you done first and released and mine held indefinitely!" Anna screamed. 

"Well that's not very fair," I said. 

"She isn't ever fair! She wants all the fame. With your ability and the way you made her feel, she thinks her scene could win awards. She doesn't want mine interfering with that." 

"Look I'll talk to Mr. H. We'll get this resolved." 

"Okay, but I don't think Hirsch is going to side against Bree." 

"We'll see. I'll go and talk to him. You should probably get back to the front desk.." 

"Thanks Todd. You're a sweet guy," she said kissing my cheek. 

I watched her sexy ass walk away and then went to Mr. Hirsch's office. I knocked on the door and he told me to come in. Bree was talking to him. When she saw me she jumped out of her seat and ran over with a big smile. She grabbed my arm and started pulling me towards Mr. Hirsch's desk. 

"We've got it all planned! Mr. H is going to produce our very own feature length movie. We're going to cut in the scene we did today and add four of five more with just you and I!" Bree started saying. 

On the desk was a rough draft of a movie plot. It looked previously prepared by someone and now Bree was trying to get Mr. H to produce it, with her and I as lead actors. Now I see why she didn't want Anna's scene out now. She wanted me to be featured in her new movie and be the first one to show me off to the porn industry. Sounded pretty damn cool actually, but not very fair to Anna especially because of what this means to her. 

"Well this sound great and all but what you are doing to Anna isn't going to happen. She deserves her shot," I said. 

The smile on Bree's face faded quickly and her cheeks flushed. She stood up straight and looked at Mr.. Hirsch. I could tell he didn't want to deal with this crap. I didn't want to either. Bree was about to go off but Mr. H put his hand up to stop her. 

"I'm sure we can come to a compromise," he said. 

I was looking at the rough outline of scenes on his desk and saw a way to fix this all. 

"Why don't we work Anna's scene in with all of ours somehow. I could cheat on you or something. We could just dub over what Anna and I say in the clip, make it an affair instead of a newly married couple," I suggested. 

"That could work Bree," Mr. H said. 

"I'll think about it. We just better make all of our next scenes so hot no one will even remember Anna!" Bree said and stormed out of the office. 

"This part of the business sucks!" Mr. H said after she left. 

"I'll bet. It just wasn't fair to Anna to be shelved," I said. 

"True it wasn't. I'm glad you came up with the idea though. Bree will be more willing so she can have you in this production." 

"Sounds good. So am I done for the day?" I asked. 

"Yep, nothing else going on. Get some rest. You meet Miranda tomorrow. I can't promise anything with her remember." 

"Just meeting her will rock," I said. 

"Right, well okay Todd, I'll see you tomorrow around 10." 

I thanked him for the opportunity and headed home. I stopped by the front desk since I was heading that way. Anna was with Nikki and Anna was crying again. 

"Let me guess... Bree had some choice words as she left," I said. 

"She's bitch," Nikki said. 

"I'm getting that," I responded. 

"She told me what you tried to do and she's going to change your mind," Anna sobbed. 

"No she isn't Anna. If she wants any more scenes with me she'll do what I suggested," I said.

"I hope you're right." 

"Everything's going to be fine." I assured her. 

Nikki was checking out my hard cock again and had her finger in her mouth biting it. I smiled at her and told them I was heading home and I'd see Anna, at least, tomorrow. When I got home Suzy's car was parked in front of my house. I wondered what she wanted. 

I headed in and tried to hide my cock as well as I could. Suzy was sitting in my mom's living room waiting for me. She had been crying obviously and stood up when I came in. My mother heard the door shut and she walked from the kitchen to talk as well. 

"There you are Todd. I got you note but didn't know how late you would be," my mom stared. 

"I didn't either. I got a job though. I'm working at a movie studio," I said. 

"Doing what dear?" my mother asked. 

"Sound and light set up," I lied. 

"That's nice Todd, good for you. Suzy came by, said you two had a fight," my mother said. 

"Thanks mom. We can talk in my room Suzy," I said. 

She smiled and followed me up the stairs. I shut the door to my room and locked it. 

"What's up," I said sitting on my bed. 

She stood by my desk and was rubbing her hands together not knowing how to start. 

"I'm sorry Todd. I over reacted. It's just what your thing did and how it made me feel was scary. It was like nothing I've felt before," 

"I know, and I'm sorry too. You need to believe me I didn't know this was going to happen and the woman in the bar took me by surprise." 

"Yeah... about that. I don't know if I'm okay with that yet but I'm willing to try again. I've thought about you all day and especially what we did yesterday," she said and came and sat down on the bed next to me. 

"Is it still hard?" she asked. 

"Yep, hasn't gone down yet," I said. 

"And no pain? You still feel normal?" she asked. 

"Well yeah, except the throbbing cock in my pants," I said smiling. 

"This it just too weird Todd," she said. 

"Tell me about it." 

"Can I see it again?" she asked biting her lip. 

"Sure I guess," I said pulling down my pants for her. 

She stayed sitting next to me and just looked at it. I looked down as she watched. 

"It's actually pulsing! Is that your heart beat making it do that?" she asked. 

"I think so." 

Just having it out in the air again with her looking at and talking about it made me start to ooze again. She didn't touch it until the clear liquid was about to run down the V shaped glands. She reached out and dabbed her finger in the slick liquid and pulled away again. A long string of pre-cum stretched from her finger to my cock and she licked it off her finger. 

"Do you have any idea how good that tastes?" she asked. 

"Kind of... I mean not personally but you've said its good now," I said being careful not to give it away how many women had said the same thing. 

"It's amazing! It makes me want to suck you so bad!" she said. 

"Well don't let me stop you," I said with a chuckle. 

"I should be still mad at you but I can't be. I just want to suck it and fuck you silly," she said dropping to her knees in front of the bed. 

She grabbed my hard shaft, bent it down to her mouth and swallowed half my shaft with one gulp. I moaned as I felt her hot wet mouth encapsulate my head. Her tongue went to work searching out my tasty pre-cum. I swear the sensitivity of my cock was increasing as well as everything else because her mouth felt incredible. She was getting better at giving head as well. I think it was because she was actually enjoying it now because of the taste. Fine with me. It's amazing how much better it was when she was into it. My balls tightened quickly as she rolled them in her hands and sucked my shaft deep. My shaft throbbed and convulsed in her mouth as she sucked with purpose. She was performing a hands free blowjob, just playing with my balls with her hands and using her mouth on my cock.. It was exceptional. 

While she sucked me I heard the doorbell ring and didn't think much about it until my mother knocked on my door right before I shot my load. 

"Todd... there is a police officer at the door. She wants to talk with you," my mom was saying. 

Suzy regrettably released my cock and looked up at me worried. I was more worried. I stood up, pulled my pants up and went to the door. 

"Hurry back Todd," Suzy said licking her lips. Her nipples were hard and sticking out in her T-shirt and she gave me a damn sexy look. 

I hid my wet throbbing cock as well as I could and opened the door. 

"She's waiting in the living room for you," my mother said. "Are you okay Todd? What's this about?" she asked. 

"I don't know, I haven't done anything wrong," I said. Besides fuck a bunch of women, including a cop. 

I headed downstairs and about freaked when Sergeant Coburn was standing in my house.. My mom was right behind me.. 

"Officer... can I help you," I said with wide eyes. 

"Can we speak privately," the sergeant asked. 

My mother smiled politely and walked away. 

"I'm sorry for coming to your home. You didn't call me and I can't stop thinking about that cock of yours," she said actually walking towards me and grabbing my shaft through my pants. 

I jumped back, hoping no one was watching. 

"Easy, not here!" I said. 

"Where then?" she asked. 

Holy shit, it seemed women were becoming addicted to my cock or something. First Suzy and now the cop I did yesterday. It's only been a day and they both are back for more. 

"I'll tell you what, I need food and some rest, but I'll meet you back at that service station around 10 tonight. Bring a blanket or something this time," I said. 

"You better show up, I can still arrest you for public indecency," she said and went for my cock again. 

"I'll be there, just go," I said to her. 

She left and I started to worry. I had to show up. I had Suzy up stairs waiting for me as well. I was starving and Suzy was going to want to finish what she started. I tried to think of what to do when my mother came back. 

"I heard the door close. What did she want?" she asked. 

"Information. I guess my old job got broken into and since I got laid off they investigated. I just told her where I was today and she left. She said she'd be back my story didn't check out," I lied my ass off. 

"Todd... you didn't have anything to do with the break in did you?" she asked. 

"No mom, really I told her where I was and the new job I got, once she checks it out things will be fine," I said. 

My mother smiled and we both heard Suzy call for me upstairs. I smiled at my mom and headed back up. I opened my door. Which I thought I had left open. I saw quickly why it was closed when I entered the room. Suzy was completely naked and on all fours on my bed with her pussy spread wide for me. 

"Dude! My parents are just downstairs!" I said in a hushed tone. 

"I don't care I want you to fuck me so bad!" She said way too loud. 

My cock lurched in my pants and I shut and locked the door quick. Oh my hell I didn't know if I could take much more without food. My cock didn't seem to mind and was raging inside my pants. If I turned down a naked woman with her pussy spread open for me I was insane so I sucked it up and dropped my pants. I was oozing bad and it was all over my head. I kicked my shoes and pants off and walked to my bed. She watched me the entire way with her eyes locked on my cock. 

"Give it to me Todd, shove that hard cock deep inside of me," she said pulling her lips apart further. 

She was dripping wet and my pre-cum had her horny as ever. Her little rose bud ass was staring at me as well and I wondered if she would consider letting me have her ass like the porn girls. With my pre-cum anything was possible now. I decided to try but not right off of course. Instead I got on the bed with her and rubbed my engorged head up and down her crack, making sure to coat her tight sphincter with pre-cum to see if it would get her in the mood to try. Then I slid my cock lower and thrust my entire length into her with one fluid motion. She called out her enjoyment and I was afraid my mother was going to here. 

"Suzy! If we are going to do this you need to keep it down!' I said with her pussy convulsing already on my cock. 

"I'll...try... oh fuck it's so good," she said biting her lip. 

Her little lubed ass was already quivering and reacting to my secretions. It was causing multiple reactions in her. She was already wigging out and I knew about to cum in a major way. I started pounding away at her. She grabbed my pillow and put her head in it to muffle her screams. It worked pretty well. I grabbed her hips and shoved rapidity into her hot wet pussy repeatedly. Pleasure filled my cock and I was into it again, not worried about food or how tired I was. She was cumming big time and screaming for me to pound her hard and fast into the pillow. I think she really liked my new cock. It may have scared her at first but she was into it now. 

I couldn't stop looking at her little ass and how tight it was. I wanted to try it. I wanted my big fat cock in that tight ass. It would open and close as her pussy convulsed on my cock and I couldn't handle it anymore and decided now was my chance to fuck Suzy's virgin ass. My cock was coated with her cum, so I didn't even bother with lube. My cock was secreting its own plentiful supply as well. She didn't know what I was doing or going to try with her head still in the pillow. 

I rubbed my head on her tight ass and smeared it with both our juices and began to push into her. Her head shot off the pillow and she looked back at me with large eyes. I didn't stop and she didn't pull away or scream. 

"Yes Todd... my ass wants you too, I can feel it!" she said biting her lip as my head popped past her tight muscle. 

"Oh fuck! It's tight, but feels really good," Suzy said. 

I was ecstatic! I had had four asses in one day now. I loved the hot tight feel around my cock and the added excitement was incredible. Suzy's ass was by far the tightest. She was obviously an anal virgin and I knew now none of the others had been. My pre-cum went to work inside Suzy and she took more of my cock and voiced how wonderful it felt. Up to my balls now, I held my cock deep inside and let her ass milk and squeeze my shaft. Fuck, it was tight and hot! She was going nuts. Just her little vibrations and convulsions were stimulating my engorged tool. 

"Fuck me Todd. Fuck my ass!" she voiced and put her head back into the pillow. 

My cock surged with blood when I heard her say this. I stood up on my feet and squatted down over her. Slowly pulling my shaft out, leaving my head in, I pushed back down, loving the sensations her tight ass caused on my shaft and head. I heard her moan loudly into the pillow and her legs began to shake as more of my pre-cum soaked her bowels. Again I pulled out slowly and drove it back in. Over and over I started increasing my speed and feeling my balls tighten all the more. Her ass was just too tight and felt too good. I didn't last two more minutes and looked around for some place to let my load loose. It was going to be huge. 

I think the Gatorade bottle was under my bed. I had forgotten to empty it the night before and I couldn't get to it now. The sensation of her tight ass was just too much and I wasn't going to make it to the bottle in time. I knew if I pulled out I was going to make a mess of her back and my bedspread. So I dropped my huge load inside of Suzy's ass. She completely lost it as my cock drenched her insides. I guess not only does it taste good it also has a stimulating effect inside the women's body. I thought she was enjoying it before but when my semen shot out of my cock and kept shooting she convulsed and shook so bad I thought she was going to break my bed. 

I had never seen a woman act like she did. Even when they are faking it on camera wasn't as intense as Suzy was acting now. With the pillow on her face she was loud and I knew my mother was going to hear her. At the moment I didn't care because her tight ass wrapped around my ejaculating cock was incredible. It was doing things to my shaft I didn't think possible. 

Even after I finished, she continued to scream and shake violently with all my cum inside of her ass. I was afraid to pull my cock free because I was sure it was going to let the cum out because she was still shaking and grabbed at my shaft. Her lower half collapsed and I went with her, trying to keep my cock in deep. She was rocking back and forth on the bed. I tried to reach under for the bottle. I couldn't reach it and she was no help at all. I thought she might suffocate in the pillow if I didn't get my dick and cum out of her. The way she was reacting actually started to scare me. 

Good thing she was a little light thing. I grabbed her around the waste and rolled her over so she was on top of me with my cock still shoved deep inside of her ass. I didn't have to worry about it getting soft and falling out itself. It stayed nice and hard while I maneuvered her off the bed to the ground. I carried her to the door with one hand around her waist, my cock in her ass and the other hand on her mouth trying to muffle her screams. I checked the hall and quickly walked with her to the bathroom. Once inside I dropped her down on the toilet backwards and pulled my cock out at the same time. A huge gush of white thick cum dropped into the toilet and her ass squeezed and convulsed the rest out. She was breathing so fast and hard I could see her ribs expanding and contracting for want of air. 

She couldn't speak and I waited a while until she gained some sort of composure. She spun around on the toilet finally and looked at me with unreal awe in her eyes. 

"Todd! Holy shit... I... can't... even... tell... you... what... that... felt... like," she said in between breaths. 

"Sorry, I didn't know what else to do. So I just went inside," I said. 

"Don't apologize! That... was the singular best... sexual experience... of my life," she said still having issues. 

"Cool, only problem is we're both naked in my bathroom and my parents could show up any second," I said hearing my mother's steps. 

"Who gives a shit...? I don't care right now," she said. 

I had to sit down on the tub, my legs were shaking and I really needed something to eat now. Her body was still reacting to the cum inside and out. She shook every few seconds. My cock was covered in white foam and a new batch of pre-cum was adding to it. She saw it and fell off the toilet and started sucking my cock and cleaning it off. I had created a monster it seems and she was insatiable now. 

"Todd? Is that you in there?" my mother's voice said at the door. 

"Umm, yeah mom, what's wrong?" I asked trying to keep my voice even, with the hot mouth sucking my cock. 

"Nothing dear... where's Suzy?" she asked. 

"I'm in here too, sucking your son's cock," Suzy blurted before I could stop her. 

I just closed my eyes and dropped my head. I didn't know what to do with that. Suzy looked up and me with a smile and just started sucking again. 

"Oh my... well... oh my..." my mother said and I heard her walk away. 

"Nice going Suzy! She's going to have an aneurism now." 

"Maybe but I'm still going to suck your cock," she said and swallowed it again. 

Her hands were playing with her pussy and ass and her mouth was bringing me close to another orgasm in record time. Shit it was a good thing I was sitting down because I'd have fallen by now. She stopped, feeling I was close and stood up. She went to the toilet and closed the lid and knelt on the pink fluffy lid cover. 

"I want you to cum in my ass again. I know you can already. I don't know how you can and I don't care," she said. 
