 Chapter 14

I was glad I didn't have to be at work until ten, even then I didn't want to get out of bed. This nonstop sex was starting to take its toll on the rest of my body. My cock seemed unstoppable though. It wasn't sore, raw, and it certainly wasn't soft when I woke up. I remembered instantly that today was my first scene with Miranda. I couldn't believe it was really going to happen. I hoped she didn't change her mind and cancel.

At breakfast I told my parents I was moving out this week to my own apartment with Suzy. My mom was about to argue, probably about me living with her, but my father cut her off. She knew it was for the best. I ate everything I could find, feeling famished from the night before with Coburn and Company, as I started calling them in my head. 

I told Mr. H that I was going to come in early to work because I was excited to do the scene with Miranda. When I arrived Anna was the only one in the building, having the job to open the doors and field any calls before anyone else showed up. 

"Hey Todd, you're here early. Excited about your scene with Miranda obviously." 

"You know it." 

"Well I guess in your excitement you never asked Mr. Hirsch when your scene was actually scheduled," she started laughing. 

"Huh?" 

"Yeah it's not till three today sport. You have a scene with Bree again in and hour. She's really serious about getting her production done before anyone else finds out about you." 

"Three! Great! I should have slept in more." 

"You really got it bad for this Miranda chick, what's that all about?" 

"I don't know really, I just think she is incredible hot." 

"Even hotter than me?" 

I hesitated, knowing it was a baited question. It was actually a tough call between the two of them. The big difference was I've had Anna already. I think it was more the challenge of getting Miranda to work with me now, more than how hot she was. Anna wasn't in the portfolio when I went through it in Mr. H's office. I think if she had been it would have been between Miranda and her for sure. Anna was smoking hot and I've had her twice, even her ass! 

"I'm just messing with you Todd, she' a very beautiful girl. I hope you have fun with her," she said, letting me off the hook before I had to respond. 

"You had me going there for a minute. So I take it the money they gave you for that little homemade DVD wasn't enough to just up and quit." 

"Nah, I'm breaking into the business remember? Thanks to you. My dreams coming true as soon as they hire my replacement. I'm going to start filming a week from today." 

"That's great! I hope you consider me to work with again." 

"Oh for sure Todd, you're the one that helped me get over my stage fright remember? I can't forget you and that amazing cock of yours. Speaking of that... is it hard right now?" 

"Yep, still hasn't gone down since my birthday, not even once." 

I saw her noticeably flush. She craved my cock and the treat it contained. It might actually be an addiction for these women I've had, was that possible? I didn't know. If it was it might not be such a great thing in the long run. I haven't turned down many, and when I did she arrested me and got what she wanted. What else could happen if I denied others? 

"Since you're so early and no one usually comes in for about a half hour, what would you say to me working it over again?" 

Shit! How could I say no to that, to her? She looked fabulous again. 

"What do you have in mind?" I pressed. 

"You, me, your cock in my ass. Any questions?" 

Holy fuck! She was getting the porn star talk down well. 

"Sounds perfect, where?" 

"Follow me." 

She turned and quickly walked away. I had to jog to catch up. She had a really short skirt on. I couldn't take my eyes off her ass and legs. I almost pinched myself to remind me this wasn't a dream because the woman that wanted my cock in her ass was unbelievably hot. She turned into the smallest studio, the one with just the bed in the middle and flipped on the light. 

"We don't have much time so we'll keep most of our clothes on and you can just cum in my ass again," she said walking around to the nightstand, opening a drawer. She pulled out a bottle of lube threw it on the bed and pulled her thong underwear down while I stood and stared. 

"Come on Todd, you'll have to at least take your pants down," she said seeing me not moving. 

She climbed up on the bed, popped the cap on the lube and squirted a good amount right on her sexy ass. She had pulled the skirt up before hand. I was still frozen in place. I finally reacted, dropping my pants and hobbled over to the bed. 

"Just stick it right in, don't mess around with my pussy." 

Speaking of her pussy! It was flushed and wet already. I had a sneaky suspicion she was either playing or thinking about something hot before I showed up. She pressed her butt towards me and spread her ass cheeks. I couldn't get over how incredible her body was but knew if I hesitated she would be on me again. I did as she asked and grabbed my hard cock, bending it down, poised to enter her. I used the head to spread the lube around better and pressed in slowly. She screamed in delight as my lubed shaft disappeared into her exceptional ass. 

Oh sweet heaven, it was indescribable! So hot, so tight, so perfect! I grabbed her hips and pulled her toward me giving her every inch. She didn't have to wait long for my pre-cum to soak her insides and I could tell she was waiting for it. I knew when it had taken effect because her ass convulsed and squeezed my shaft. 

"Ohhh, yes! That's it Todd! Now fuck me and cum in my ass!" 

Standing up on my feet I bore down from above, pounding away at her tight hole. We bounced on the bed and she screamed in delight. I wasn't gentle at all. I fucked the hell out of her ass, giving her what she wanted. I think we used up fifteen minutes of our expected thirty, staying in the same position. I never slowed, reveling in the exquisite ass wrapped around my hard cock. 

She beat me to the climax, but just barely. Soon after she screamed in passion and shook under her orgasm, I unloaded my cock deep in her ass. The effect only made her orgasm more intense. She couldn't handle it again and collapsed on the bed shaking uncontrollably. My cock flipped right out of her ass when she fell and splattered my shirt with cum. I watched her body spasm below me in a phenomenal orgasm, from my juice deep inside. 

"Fuck it's so intense! I can't stand it!" she said trying to get up. 

She left her underwear and hurried to the bathroom. I cleaned up the best I could, put the lube back, grabbed her thong and left the room after turning off the light. I waited outside the bathroom until she came out. She was still flushed and quivering when the door opened. I handed her the thong and she put it on almost falling over. I caught and steadied her. 

"Shit Todd. I don't know what has happened to you but it's incredible. I thought it wouldn't be as intense the second time but I think it was worse. The left over cum is still making me pulse and shake. Probably will for hours now. I'm not complaining I'm glad you came in early. It was worth it." 

"For me as well Anna. I'll fuck your ass anytime," I said with a chuckle. 

"I'll remember you said that Todd. I better get back to the front desk." 

I stood in the hall and watched her walk back. Every second or so she would quiver visibly and I smiled bigger. I got some food from the vending machine and sat in the break room to eat it. People started coming to work and Anna must have told Bree I was here already because she rushed into the room looking for me. 

"There you are. You ready for our next scene? It's going to be a fun one today." 

"Sure, what's the plan?" 

"Were leaving the studio and doing a shoot outside." 

"Really? Where?" 

"It's a private residence overlooking the city?" 

"Sounds a ways a way? Will we be back by three?" 

"Yes Todd, you'll be back for your precious Miranda," she said sarcastically. 

"Cool, when do we leave?" 

"Now, the crew is already on the way to set up." 

I rode in the sedan with Bree. The company had a car and driver. We chatted on the way into the foothills. Bree was very excited, mostly talking about the movie we were in. She sat very close to me and had her hands on my legs and arm the entire way. My cock jumped every time she came close to touching it. Forty-five minutes later we pulled into a very large expensive home and went in. 

The back of the house faced the city, with a pool and hot tub outside on the balcony. I had never been in a home this nice. The crew was setting up around the pool. Wardrobe grabbed both Bree and I when we showed up. I was given a swimsuit to change into and that was it. When I put it on, my hardon showed way too much. I guess they'd just have to start filming after I was in the water. 

Out on the balcony, I wrapped a towel around my waist and talked to the director until Bree came out in her suit. She looked very hot in a string bikini, walking over to us. 

"Okay, Todd, Bree, you're house sitting for your rich friends. We'll start in the pool, kiss, hug, play around for a bit and then Todd lift Bree up onto the side of the pool and eat her with her suit still on, just pull it to the side. Then switch places and Bree will suck you with your suit pulled down. Let's go to that point." 

I don't have to tell you what his explanation did to my dick. The pool water covered the wet spot as soon as I got in. Bree joined me and the cameras started rolling. We only had a few lines of dialog, explaining we were house sitting and how nice the place was. Then the splashing each other started and I grabbed her playfully. We kissed and I carried her to the side of the pool, easily lifting her out of the water. 

Her clit was already engorged as I nibbled it through her yellow bikini bottom. She squealed and grabbed my wet hair. Pulling her suit to one side I proceeded to nibble, suck and lick her pussy and clit. She tasted great, forcing my head into her crotch with her hands. The two cameramen got the best angle they could and as I ate her I could hear the director instructing. 

The sun was getting higher in the sky, making it bright and warm. He had me eat her for five minutes or so and then we switched. Bree helped me out of my suit and greedily started sucking my hard cock. She knew what was coming, craving it like the others. I sat on the side of the pool with my hands behind my back supporting my self. She bobbed up and down, swallowing all the pre-cum my cock oozed out. Damn this little woman knew how to suck a cock! 

Looking around I finally realized there was no fluffer available. I guess the director was getting to know me and what I was capable of. I hoped Mandy wasn't too pissed off, about not being invited. When the director asked his next question I knew for sure he was getting to know me. 

"Todd, just to make sure, if you cum now you'll be able to continue right?" he asked. 

"Sure thing boss, not a problem," I responded. 

"Great, that will be outstanding to have you now and later in the same scene." 

Bree heard everything and increased her stroking, working my cock towards climax. She knew just what to do, sucking the head and stroking rapidly. My ass clenched on the hard poolside as my balls tightened. The look on my face told the director and cameramen all they needed to know. 

"Okay Bree I want some of his load on your face and tits, so don't eat it all." 

I exploded, with her mouth around my head. She swallowed the first two or three spurts, still stroking me. The mouth around my head stimulated me further and it was an incredible orgasm. She pulled away reluctantly and the next blast hit her in the nose, splashing both sides of her face. She bent me down, taking the next two on her chest and neck. Back up to her face, she opened her mouth and tried to catch my jizz as it shot out all over. She sucked my head as soon as it stopped. Her face was covered in cum, dripping off into the pool and on her small breasts. 

"Outstanding! Damn kid I don't know where you keep all that cum!" the director hollered. 

It was a lot again, never isn't a lot now, it seems. Bree started wiping it off into her mouth eating as much as she could find without a mirror. I used my raging cock to help her, scrapping the globs off her cheeks with the head. She sucked it off, until most of her face was clean. The cameras were still rolling. She dunked her body under the water washing any remains off, coming up with a very satisfied smile. 

"Shit! That tastes so fucking good!" she screamed. 

I just smiled and the director called cut. I asked for a drink and the sound, lighting and cameras were moved away from the pool to a set of chairs around a table. It appeared the water portion of the scene was over. I drank as much as I could, trying to recuperate some strength before we continued. My cock wasn't phased in the least. The crew stared at me when I walked over to the table. I'm sure they expected me to be soft especially after the load I just sprayed all over Bree. It wasn't natural and they knew it. 

"Looks like you're ready to go again Todd," the director said. I nodded and he continued. "Okay let's have..." he stopped mid sentence. 

Bree had rushed past him and pushed me down into a chair and before the director could explain what he wanted to see she had already mounted me. I shrugged my hands at him and the cameramen who were all looking around at each other. The director smiled and made a motion to roll the cameras with his finger. Bree was already riding me and screaming by the time they started filming. She had taken my cock deep in her pussy, now pounding away on my lap. The chair was rocking back and forth and she was in total control. 

Her little light body was up and down, swirling in a circle on my cock. I grabbed her small breasts and cupped them the best I could with the way she was moving. She was in the zone again, loving the way my cock made her feel. The speed in which she was going up and down was amazing, screaming the entire time. I think she came in less than a minute but it was hard to tell because of how loud she was anyway. The director didn't say or change a thing for another five. She was still going crazy when he got my attention and mouthed the words and made the motions for me to pick her up and lay her on the table. 

I smiled and quickly wrapped my arms around her, picking her up. She squealed as her back hit the glass table top. I was standing now and pushed her legs up over her head, ramming my cock in repeatedly, until the table was shaking. She held her legs up herself and I grabbed both her nipples and pinched them hard, holding them while I drove in and out. She screamed and told me to give it to her harder. She was so wet and hot I could feel the liquid squishing out around my cock. The director let me go like this for a while again. He finally put himself in my field of vision and mouthed the word 'anal'. I knew what he was doing. He didn't want to interrupt Bree's rhythm and the zone she was in. 

It was all good with me. Anal sounded perfect. I was confident Bree wouldn't mind and there was plenty of juice running out of her pussy. I purposely pulled out too far and let my cock miss her pussy, sliding up and over her clit. I backed away, grabbing my cock and slid it up and down both her pussy and ass, sliding it in the lower hole with ease. She screamed in surprise and pleasure as my cock went in with one smooth motion all the way to the base. 

Tight hot bliss was my reward. The table was rocking again with me fucking her ass just as hard as I did her pussy. She got an angry look on her face and screamed. 

"Yeah! That's it you dirty boy, fuck my little ass!" 

The director had a big smile on his face, and both cameramen had hardons. Something I hadn't seen or noticed before now. Maybe it was just that hot. 

"Come on give it to me, harder!" she continued. 

I didn't think I could go any faster, my heart was racing and my breathing could scarcely keep up with the oxygen I needed. Her ass was amazing like always, grabbing at my shaft as I pounded as hard as I could. 

She sat up with the angry look on her face and shoved me way from her. Jumping off the table she pushed me into the chair again and jumped up facing away from me with her small feet on my legs. She grabbed my cock and eased it back into her ass and proceeded to fuck the hell out of me. With her feet on my legs and her arms behind her on the chair she rose up and slammed down over and over taking me as deep as I could go each time. The stamina on this little girl was impressive to say the least. I didn't know where she was getting the energy. 

One camera man was filming her facial expressions; the other was right up close on my cock sliding in and out. It must have been hot as shit from his view. All I could see was the back of Bree's head and her sexy back rising up and down faster than I thought possible. She was screaming and cumming again within minutes. I felt a gush of warm liquid cover my balls and I think she squirted right into the camera. I definitely wanted to see this on screen for myself. 

After her orgasm she finally slowed down. I heard her breathing very heavily and once she slowed I could see her back and shoulders expanding for air. She fell back on me exhausted. She weighed next to nothing so I picked her back up and laid her face down on the table, keeping my cock in her ass the whole time. The director made the 'wrap it up' sign with his fingers. I picked up the pace in her ass while she lay there breathing heavily, not moving much on the table. Both cameramen were ready for the finale, on both sides filming my cock going in and out. Her ass quivered as my cock slid easily in and out of her well fucked hole. She made small whimpering noises until a few minutes later I pulled out, showering her back with a huge cumshot, covering her ass and back with a monster load. 

It was my turn to be exhausted. I stumbled backwards, falling into the chair with cum dripping down my shaft. Bree some how got off the table and knelt in front, sucking and eating the white globs off my cock. I watched as the cum ran off her back and puddle onto the ground around her body. The cameramen got it on film as well. Impressive amount. 

From the look of the sun it was well past noon, I was starving and thirsty and worried about what time it was. I didn't want to standup Miranda. The production wrapped up with everyone involved very impressed again. By the time I was dressed and ready to leave it was already two. Shit! I still had to eat something and get back to the studio in less than an hour. Luckily Bree was ready to go, ecstatic about the wonderful scene. We grabbed drive thru and I told the driver to hurry. 

Chapter 15 

I downed my sandwich and soda, watching the digital clock on the radio in the car. Bree sat close again, holding my leg or arm as I ate. My energy slowly returned and I was very excited to work with Miranda. It seemed for some reason a long time coming. Probably because of all the action I had gotten since seeing her in the portfolio for the first time. 

When we arrived back at the studio I realized I had left my phone in my car. Bree walked with me to get it, chatting continually how awesome today was. I had several text messages from Suzy and voicemail. She was going to be wondering where I was and why I haven't returned her queries. I put it in my pocked, seeing the time was five to three and more worried about Miranda than anything. 

Anna was behind the front desk when Bree and I walked in. Bree had my arm, holding me like we were a couple. Anna looked up, and I raised my eyebrows, she smiled. I started to ask about Miranda but Anna cut me off before I finished. 
