 Chapter 4 

I dried off and went back to my room for a little Internet research on how to become a porn star. Basically what I found was more for the women. What I found for guys was only three requirements. 1. Achieve an erection while on a busy film set, 2. Maintain that erection while performing on camera, and 3. Ejaculate on cue. I laughed out loud knowing I had the first two down pat, since I couldn't go soft to save my life. The third shouldn't be hard either since it seemed to always be ready to cum now. I read more and saw that the most popular men were Rocco, Ron Jeremy, Peter North and John Holmes. Peter, like I said before, was noted for his incredible ability to launch above-average amounts of semen at notable velocity. Shit, he had nothing on me so I figured I was golden. I just needed one audition and I was set. 

I looked up the addresses to the big studios, like Vivid Entertainment and Wicked Pictures etc. and made a list. I decided to drop by and see what I had to do. Once I was set for the next day with my list, I tossed off again to my Penthouse. But instead of splattering my desk and cleaning it up with clothes, I used that Gatorade bottle from my car and filled about a quarter of it full of cum. The intensity remained phenomenal, as did the volume. I screwed the cap on tight and drifted off to sleep with my hard cock and my dreams of stardom. 

***** 

I got up early, didn't need a shower, dressed nice, ate a ton of oatmeal and left a note for my mom and dad that I was job hunting today. They would be so proud..........since I had no job at the moment after being laid off. Luckily I lived in California, where many of the studios were located. I arrived at my first choice a little early since they weren't open yet. I waited in my car with my hard cock. Finally, around 10am, someone showed up and unlocked the studio door. More and more people began to show. At 10:30, I decided it was time to go in. 

The receptionist was blonde, tan, with big fake southern California tits. She smiled pleasantly up at me from her chair. She looked familiar, but I couldn't place why. 

"Can I help you?" her high pitched voice asked. 

"Yeah.....I'm looking for employment opportunities," I said. 

She smiled, "Well what we have open is posted behind you. Take a look and see if you are interested in anything." 

I turned around and saw a bulletin board with only one sheet of paper on it, thanked her and walked to read it. Not what I expected. No opportunities for actors, just sound, light and errand boys. I finished reading and walked back to her. 

"Hi again, sorry, but I was looking for more in the range of actor," I said with a bright smile. 

She paused, pressed her lips tightly together and I knew she had had this conversation with many, if not hundreds of guys before. I remained smiling, hopeful, when a gentleman came from behind her from a hallway before she spoke. He was dressed in a suit with his shirt unbuttoned way too far, showing his chest hair and silver necklaces. His hair was from the seventies and he looked right out of that era as well. He walked up to the blond as she spoke to me. 

"Sir, I'm sorry but we don't have any auditions planned in the near future. If nothing interests you from the board, we can't help you at this time," she said politely with a smile. 

I knew she was being nice because of the man next to her now. I took advantage of him standing there and said, "All I need is a few moments and I know I can change your mind." 

Her face turned a darker shade. The man next to her was suddenly interested. 

"I'll handle this Anna," he said. "Boy do you know how many cocky bastards we get in this place a year? Thinking they are all that and a bag of chips. Then, when it comes down to it, they shrivel in embarrassment and humiliation," he said laughing. He continued without my reply. 

"Do you really think you are any different? You may be a stud alone with your one girlfriend, but I doubt you have what it takes in a room full of cameras, lights and 20 people watching you?" 

He actually waited for my reply. The blonde's jaw was clenched. I could tell she was uncomfortable. 

"I know I'm different, absolutely guarantee it sir," I said with total confidence. 

This seemed to take him by surprise. I think he expected me to hesitate just a little. Even the blonde's eyes got wider. She turned to the man to see his reply. 

"Really? Well hell boy, I'm going to make you regret that decision. Anna..... call Ronda and Vicky and tell them to come to stage 1 in five minutes." He turned back to me and said, "Okay sport follow me, you dumb fuck." 

The blonde smiled, picked up her phone. I knew she knew something I didn't. I followed the man back around the corner and watched him stop at every door, telling the people inside that he had 'another one' and to meet in stage 1 to teach me a lesson. I heard laughter from almost every door and continued to follow him. I could feel my hard cock throbbing in my baggy pants. If anything could make it go down, this would be it. 

He opened a door that said 'Stage 1' and let me in with a large smile on his face. He followed shortly after and said, "Okay boy, this is the deal. We wait for everyone to show up, then you have your shot to impress me." 

I nodded confidently and watched as many people began to file in, all with smiles and some laughing when the saw me. I think there were 50 or more now. Then the final two people showed up and the man started talking again. 

"Ronda, Vicky, this punk thinks he has what it takes," the man said. 

When I saw Ronda and Vicky, I knew what the blonde had been smiling about. They were not attractive women, not even remotely attractive and about as old as my mother. Old, out of shape, trashy, and I could smell the cigarettes from across the room. More laughter erupted in the room when my expression must have showed my contempt. If I would have been normal, the joke would have been on me. I'm positive I would never had been able to get it up in front of all these people, let alone for the two women walking towards me now. 

The main man turned to me again and said, "Okay punk, have at them. Lets see you fuck them, if you can get it up," he was laughing and almost spit on me. 

Lights came alive. Cameras and mics rushed in my face and all around me as the two skanks approached. I doubt they were actually filming anything, but they made it look good to make me nervous. I had no doubt I was still hard as a rock. I was going to blow these fucker's away. 

One of the women took her saggy nasty breast out of her top and wiggled it at me. The other lifted her skirt and showed me a horrendous hair pussy that hadn't been shaved or trimmed for decades. Damn, if this was how they auditioned everyone, I didn't know how they actually had any actors. I was pretty disgusted but knew it was only a test that I would pass easily. 

I held my breath and moved forward, grabbing both ladies around the waste. I escorted them to the only piece of furniture in the place, the classic sofa, and sat them down. People were still laughing and thought I was stalling. But when I started unbuckling my pants, some of the laughter stopped. Then the room went absolutely silent when I dropped my pants and boxers to reveal my hard oozing cock. 

Shocked awe spread through the room. Even the two nasty bitches in front of me were speechless. I moved forward and shoved my pre-cum glistening head into the face of the first woman. She looked up at someone behind me, then opened her mouth and took me inside. Her eyes widened when she tasted my pre-cum. Her reservations fell and she started sucking me like a.......well.......... really old porn star. She still had talent and since she had lost all thought of trying to humiliate me, because of my infectious secretions, began sucking me deep, going to town on my hard cock. I let her work it for about a minute. Then I pulled away from her and stuck my cock into the face of the other nasty woman. She hesitated, then grabbed my thick shaft and licked my head. She looked up at me with shock. I smiled and she devoured me. 

While she sucked, I looked around the room at all the stunned faces. The main man looked a little perturbed and about to say something. I smiled at him with total confidence and a little condescension. 

"Okay, enough with the blowjobs. Lets see you stay hard while fucking them," he said. 

Both women instantly started to undress, they both were wet and ready from my pre-cum. I knew they were craving my cock like the cop had. They actually fought for the first honor by undressing faster than the other and getting in a certain position. It wasn't a pretty sight. Quite disgusting actually, but I rewarded the first one done. She had her legs up over her head and her hairy pussy spread wide for me. Cameras shot in for a close up. I think they were actually filming this now. I knelt down in front of her, wiped my juice around her nasty pussy and shoved my hard cock deep inside. Shit, she was so loose and wet, it didn't do much for pleasure. I knew she had been done so many times and probably by objects much larger and wider than my cock. 

My pre-cum worked fast though. She started screaming, urging me on to fuck her hard and fast. She wasn't acting either. This was what got everyone's attention. I began to hear whispering around me. The skank's yells only got louder as more of my pre-cum spread through her body. I waited until I knew she was cumming and really freaking out. Then I pulled out and shoved my drenched cock into the other nasty twat. She was keeling on the couch looking over her shoulder waiting for me. She screamed instantly as I rushed into her wide open hole. The one I had left continued to shudder and shake with her orgasm. The cameras went back and forth from her to my cock in the other woman. 

I soon got her to cum. I noticed more people had come in the studio to see what all the shouting and buzz was about. I easily kept hammering at them. Even when the smell and image disgusted me, my cock remained hard. I had no problem fucking them in any nasty position. About fifteen minutes later, after I had alternated between both nasty women twice the main man had one more test for me. The money shot. 

"Okay, now for the finale. Let's see you finish up in their faces sport," he said. I could tell he was a little impressed and I knew he hadn't seen anything yet. 

I pounded the sloppy pussy harder and brought myself to the brink just like I thought I could by thinking about the hot blond in my Penthouse, then pulled out. Both ladies got on their knees in front of me, almost in worship, begging for my load. I stroked and exploded onto the face of the first and sent the next long rope onto the other's face. Back and forth I plastered these nasty women with an inhuman amount of semen. The people watching started freaking out. I heard stuff like: 

"I've never, in 20 years seen that much before." Or "Fuck me silly, that's unbelievable." And "He's hired for sure!" stuff like that from almost everyone. 

My cock wasn't done yet and I already had impressed them. They really started wigging out as the two ladies started swallowing and eating as much cum as they could, fighting over the next spurt as it came out of my cock. I finished up and they both sucked me clean and then started licking each others face and bodies, eating as much as they could find. I pulled back away from them. Everyone was nodding at me and clapping started all around the room. 

"Damn my boy, you weren't a shitting me! I underestimated you big time. How long has it been since you came last?" the main man asked. I knew he was questioning me on my volume and wondered how long I had saved up to release so much. 

"Last night sir, it's a gift I have," I said putting on my clothes again. 

I don't know if he believed me or not but it didn't matter. He said, "You're hired, and it looks like you've already started. They filmed that whole thing. Just the money shot itself will get your name out there for sure. By the way what is your name son?" he asked. 

"Todd, Todd Jenkins," I answered. 

"Well Todd, outstanding job. Follow me to the locker room so you can wash that skank of you" he said. 

As we left I could hear Vicky and Ronda explaining how good it was and how they had never had orgasms like that in all their years. We were walking out of the main door to the stage. Anna was in the hall, she looked flustered. I could tell she had been watching through the window. She was damn hot now, standing in the hall with her arms folded under her breasts, her nipples pressing out on her thin sweater. I knew she liked what she saw. I smiled at her as we passed. She blushed and saw that I was still hard and gasped, covering her mouth. 

"What is it Anna," the main man asked when he heard her. 

"Umm sorry sir, but he's still hard," she said looking down at my large bulge. 

"What? I highly doubt that after how much he just came," the main man said. 

"No really sir, he's as big as ever still. I can tell," she said wide eyed. 

He turned and looked at me and down at my cock. I unzipped my pants and pulled my boxers down to show him she was right. Another gasp escaped Anna's lips. 

"She's right sir, I'm ready to go again anytime," I snickered. 

"Are you shitting me? No fucking way. How's that possible? What the hell did you take son?" he asked, staring at my hard throbbing cock. 

"Nothing sir it's all natural. That's why I was so confident," I explained. 

Anna couldn't take her eyes off of my cock. She started to fidget in her short skirt and her nipples pressed out further. 

"Are you telling me you could go back in there and fuck more ladies just like before?" he asked. 

"That's what I'm saying sir and if Anna's game, I'll start with her," I said smiling at her while she was looking at my cock and getting excited. 

Her face shot up to mine. She went bright red at my forward comment. He started laughing and put his arm around me. 

"Shit, Todd you and I are going to be good friends. I can tell. But Anna is only our receptionist She wouldn't want to get into this," he said, looking at her like he knew something I didn't. 

"Well, okay then," I said, doing up my pants. "But I'm serious, if you have need of me again right now," I repeated, trying to concrete my place. 

"Calm down son. We'll give you a break while you shower. Then, we can talk contract," he said smiling. 

Anna turned around quickly and went back up to her desk with a swing in her step that looked like anger. I quickly showered. Then, the main man had me follow him back to his office. 

The next hour was spent in Mr. Hirsch's office, as he explained the different contracts available. I was so sure of myself I opted for a percentage of sales, knowing that once people saw what I was capable of they would want more and more. He was surprised at the choice but said, "Well, if you can perform like today you stand to make yourself and Vivid a lot of money." 

"So, when is my next shoot," I asked, excited to get started with the hard cock in my pants. 

"Well, we need to decide how best to introduce you to the masses. I know we have you with Vicky and Ronda, but I don't think that does you justice. Not many people like to watch mature porn, some, but not the majority. So I think we need to hook you up with another up and comer or established star and blow her away," he said. 

"I like that idea, maybe Jenna Jameson," I blurted. 

He started laughing and said, "Sorry Todd, Jenna's long since retired. But I'm sure we can find someone for you." 

He pulled out a photo album of stars and set it on his large desk. I moved forward and started looking through it with him. There were head shots, then full body shots both clothed and naked. My cock jumped in my pants. I knew it was making a mess again, oozing all over while I looked at the porn stars. I recognized most all of them and saw notables like Briana Banks, Devon, Asia Carrera, Nikki Tyler, Tera Patrick and many others. 

Many of the newer girls I didn't recognize. I didn't watch that much hardcore porn, so most of the stuff I'd seen was older and free now on the Internet. One of the girls caught my eye more than the rest. I stopped Mr. Hirsch and pointed to her. 

"What about her, what's her name?" I asked. 

She was stunning, dark hair, bright blue eyes and gorgeous face. Then, when I saw her body shot, I about sauced my pants. Her breasts were perfect, well perfect to me. They were fake but I actually like fake better. Her nipples and areolas were the perfect size and color to stand out just enough on her large round breasts. The rest of her body was unbelievably firm and toned. She looked too good to be true. She was completely shaved and had a belly button piercing and a skull and crossbones tattoo on her right hip bone. 

"Ah yes, that's Miranda and she's really new........... actually started with Playboy as a cybergirl, but has an interest in taking her career to the next level. I think you would scare the shit out of her with your load," he said laughing. 

"Well, we could warn her ahead of time couldn't we?" I asked hopeful. 

"Yeah, I guess, but she's not going to do anal or anything too hard yet. She has written in her contract that she has to okay the guy before hand, and only one at a time. If you want me to set something up for her to meet you, I can arrange that. But I wouldn't get my hopes up," he explained. 

"That would be awesome," I said. 

"Okay then, do you want to wait until you meet her or do you want to set something up with a guaranteed girl? Get your feet wet with a real star?" he asked. 

"Oh ya, sure whatever, I'll let you pick her though and whenever," I said still looking at Miranda's picture. My cock was out of control now. I felt the pre-cum soaking into my boxers and rapidly spreading. 

He saw that I was totally focused on her and not really listening to him. I think he said something like this afternoon and a girls name, but I missed most of it daydreaming about that incredible body. 

"That sound good Todd? Todd?" he asked, getting a little louder. 

"Huh? What? Sorry I missed that last part," I said, forcing my eyes to leave Miranda and up to his face. 

"I said......... how about this afternoon with Bree?" he said, pointing to a small blond woman with little breasts and cute face. 

"Today? Great! I'll get some lunch and come back here then," I said. 

"Okay Todd. You're sure you are up to it, even after this morning?" he asked. 

I stood up, grabbed my hard cock in my pants and said, "Oh I'm up for it." 

He started laughing and showed me to the door. On the way out, I ran into Vicky. I think it was Vicky. She freaked out seeing me and acted like a silly groupie would to a rock star, babbling on and on about me. I excused myself, pulling her hands off of me and headed to the main door. 

Anna was working the desk as I expected. I walked around it to talk to her and tell her I'd be back after I ate. 

"Hi Anna, I first want to apologize for my comment earlier. It was uncalled for," I said. 

She looked up at me and hesitated. I don't think she was used to people being nice to her. 

"Oh that's sweet Todd, I accept," she said with a small smile. 

"Good, I don't want you to hate me on my first day. I guess I have a shoot this afternoon, so I'll be back after I get some lunch," I said. 

"K, we'll be here," she said giggling. 

"Hey do you want to have lunch with me?" I asked. 

She paused, tilted her head at me and then said, "Umm sure, but I can't leave for another half hour till someone is available to cover the desk," she said, smiling her brightest. 

"That's cool. I'll just hang out and wait for you." 

Chapter 5 
