 Here's a story that I just couldn't keep to myself anymore. I enjoyed writing it down, so I hope you can imagine the events as they transpired, and enjoy yourself almost as much as I did at the time! 

Several months ago, my wife was planning a trip out of town for a week to go and visit her high school friend in Chiba, near Tokyo. Since it's such a long journey from our place in Nagoya all the way to Chiba - about an 8 hour drive - she was going to make the most of it and stay up there for the whole week so she could also fit in some Tokyo sightseeing. Before leaving though, thoughtful woman that she is, she had made plans for her sister, Yuko, to come over for a few nights, ostensibly to keep me company so I didn't get bored. Little did I know, however, that the two of them their own plans for me. 

You see, although my wife and I are truly blessed to have a strong and supportive marriage even after almost 10 years together, and although we love each other deeply, the sex aspect of our relationship has been in decline for a while. It was as if one day her sex-drive had just been suddenly switched off. 

On the other hand, my sex drive was still at the same level it had been when I was in my 20s, and it didn't help that my wife was a very attractive woman. Of course I still got a once a month, or thereabouts, allocation of pussy, however I made no secret of the fact that it wasn't really enough for me. 

But wait, this story is not all about me. A crucial part of the equation is that my wife's sister Yuko was also suffering from a lack of sexual gratification. Not that Yuko wasn't pretty, but she was so busy running her own business she had no time to actually get out and meet anyone. By all accounts, she hadn't had a boyfriend, or even a date, for at least 6 years. 

Now, I don't know all the facts, but I can guess that this had been a topic of some concern for the two sisters for quite a while. After all, they are the type of sisters that really have no secrets between them. 

And to show what an amazing woman my wife is, before she left for Chiba she had already suggested to Yuko that there was an obvious way to kill two birds with one stone by granting us this special dispensation where we could each fulfill our needs. You have to admit that her plan made sense - my wife knew that Yuko and I were both clean, safe and trustworthy - a much better proposition for a sexual encounter than with some stranger picked up in a bar. 

However, even up until the day my wife was leaving, I knew nothing of this plan. So let me tell you how it all played out. 

In order to give you some background, let me explain that although my wife and her sister Yuko are only two years apart in age and are the best of friends, they are about as different as any two sisters could be. The lustrous thick black hair is about the only thing they have in common. 

While my wife is tall and very slim, Yuko is shorter and has more of a shapely figure - especially compared to most Japanese girls - with a large bust and rounded ass. In terms of personality too, they are very different, with my wife being shy, demure and conservative, and Yuko being more outgoing, confident and effusive. 

I've already mentioned that Yuko has been single for a long time, and that part of the reason for this is her busy work schedule. However, another reason for her loneliness is that she is not the archetypal Japanese woman that you see in all the magazines - she's a little bit bigger in the hips and quite a bit more outgoing than the sort of girl the average Japanese guy is looking for. 

But she takes care of herself, and from the tight-fitting clothes she favors you can tell immediately that its all good under there. Corn-fed, I guess, is the way she might be described back home. Yuko also has the kind of wide and prominent cheekbones, narrow eyes and big lips that characterize that remarkably gorgeous heart-shaped type of face. 

In case you haven't guessed it yet, I've always had a bit of a thing for Yuko and have had the occasional X-rated fantasy featuring her in the starring role. I knew that Yuko enjoyed my company too, as from time to time she could be a little bit flirty with me, taking my hand and placing it on her ass so I could feel the fabric of her pants and cute little moves like that - though always in front of the wife. I was looking forward to spending a little bit of time with her, even if I knew it could never go anywhere. 

Cheating on my wife was just not something I wanted to start doing, despite our problematic sex life, but when it came to fantasy, as far as I was concerned I was fully entitled to let my mind wander as far and wide as I liked. And to add a little verisimilitude to the fantasies, I was going to do a little bit of flirting myself - nothing that crossed the line, but just enough to heat things up a bit. 

Yuko arrived on the very first evening of my wife's vacation just as I was starting to cook dinner - vegetarian hamburgers - and she helped me with the final preparations over a few glasses of red wine. After we finished assembling everything we sat in front of the TV, munching our burgers and watching the Japanese animated TV series 'Ghost in the Shell' which I had chosen because firstly, I knew that it was one of her favorites, and secondly, there are some awesome lesbian scenes at the beginning where Motoko is eating out one of her clients. 

When it comes to TV and movies, Yuko and I have very similar tastes and I could tell by the way that Yuko stared at the scene and rocked her leg from side to side that she was a little turned on. I'd been told by numerous girlfriends that, the girl on the train who's rocking her legs back and forth seemingly in time with some rhythm only she can hear, yep - she's masturbating! 

After dinner, Yuko stood up, stretched a bit and complained of having a stiff neck. Yuko knows that I give excellent massages because my wife keeps telling her, so I took the obvious hint and offered my services. In fact, I have my own special technique for giving a massage and getting my wife horny at the same time, and wondered whether it would work with Yuko too. 

My secret, if you can call it that, is to use one of the specially designed 'tractor seat' stools. If you don't know what these tractor seats are, have a quick search for them on the net and you will see that these seats are a specially designed 'butt-cupping' shape. More importantly though - and the reason why I bought these stools - was that they have a ridge on the front lip of the seat allowing a woman, if she is so inclined, to actually climax just by sitting down and gently rocking back and forth. Many is the time I have successfully provoked an evening of intense lovemaking with my wife simply by 'massaging' her back in a way that purposefully rocked her pussy back and forward against the ridge of the seat. 

So I got Yuko properly seated on the stool. I noted that she was wearing thin, tight, cotton trousers which would give her clitoris a nice smooth contact with the varnished wood of the seat. I started off by asking her to sit up straight with her (lovely) chest pushed out, as this also helps to push the pelvis forward and grind the pussy a little into the seat ridge, and I began working my thumbs on the tight muscles in her neck and shoulders, starting off slowly. Little involuntary moans escaped from her as I worked into the muscle. 

Gradually, as I massaged, I started a very slow rocking rhythm, gently pushing her shoulders and upper back in a way that rubbed her vagina against the ridge of the seat. After about 10 minutes of this, the moans she was making started to coincide exactly with the forward rocking pressure of her pussy against the seat. My technique was obviously working and I could only imagine how wet she must be getting down there. As for myself, to say I was also turned on would be an understatement. My cock was fully erect and at its maximum size - a respectable 7 inches - and straining out against my jeans - highly visible, if she were to just turn around. 

This was a bit of a sticky situation, I suddenly realized, because as soon as I stopped the massage and she turned around, she was going to notice my erect cock. Not good. I knew there was only one thing to do. 

I stopped the massage, gave her a gentle pat on the back. 

"OK that's it! Excuse me," I said - and quickly too, before she could turn around. 

I escaped off into the bathroom and jerked off into a wad of toilet paper. I was so excited it only took a few strokes of my hand before I was spurting a stream of cum into the paper. 

Ahh! Masturbation - the protector of the sanctity of my marriage. I can't understand why so many religious types are against it! 

With the job taken care of and no more horny distractions, I knew I could at least get some sleep with a clear conscience. 

After cleaning up, I came back to the living room to say my goodnights. Poor Yuko was zonked out on the couch with a small blanket pulled over her. It was extremely amusing to see her lying there, eyes half closed and her cheeks flushed crimson. I couldn't see what she was doing under the blanket, but her right leg was pulled up and rocking from side to side again. I felt a little bit bad about deliberately putting her in her present horny state, but hoped that she'd be taking care of herself after I left the room. I kept my grin to myself, said goodnight to her and headed off to the bedroom. 

One of the things that westerners have to get used to about living in Japan is the relative smallness of the living spaces here. Even for a family with two kids, the houses are usually small and thin-walled enough to be able to hear exactly where everybody is and what they are doing. Our apartment was no exception. 

Only ten minutes after I had laid my head down on the pillow I could hear Yuko getting up and rustling around in the kitchen. Then she moved down the hall and into the toilet, which is directly outside my bedroom. I heard her put down the seat, unzip her trousers and then I heard what I can only describe as one of the most cathartic bowel movements I have ever heard. 

This was the kind of evacuation that has equal parts gas and equal parts solid. I just lay in bed imagining how good she must be feeling right now, about 6 pounds lighter, with her asshole fully dilated and stretched, and the heady aroma of fresh vegetarian poo wafting up from the seat. 

Shortly, I heard the trickling sound of the bidet being operated and I just lay back, imagining what she must be feeling right now with that soft stream of warm water rinsing her asshole and vagina clean. She must have enjoyed it because she stayed on it for at least five minutes. 

When the water suddenly stopped, I was brought back into reality, suddenly realizing that I was hard again. Rock hard, despite having jerked off just minutes ago. My throat was also uncomfortably dry. I thought I'd just have enough time to grab a glass of water from the kitchen before Yuko re-appeared, so up I got and quickly passed into the kitchen. 

I was on my way back from the kitchen, glass in hand, when suddenly the toilet door opened and out came Yuko. She was a bit startled to see me standing there like a rabbit caught in the headlights, but when her eyes moved down to see my stiff cock, only barely contained by my stretch boxer shorts, a playful grin spread across her face. 

Watching me closely, she took a few steps in my direction until she was right up to me, face to face. She gave a nervous laugh, and without taking her eyes from mine, she reached down and gently batted my erection through my underwear. 

"What is this?" she asked coyly. 

"Mite ii desuka?" (Can see it?), she asked in Japanese. 

I couldn't believe my ears, but even in my turned-on state I knew I had to do the right thing. 

"Yuko," I said, "I don't think that would be a very..." 

"It's OK," said Yuko. "My little sister said we can do it, if we want to. She planned this whole thing. She said that we can't fuck, because she wouldn't want me to get pregnant, but that we can do anything else." 

I stood there, silent, as it all sank in. 

"You mean we can? She said it was OK?" 

Yuko gave an affirmative "Mmm", and reached out and slowly pulled the front of my boxers open and then down, exposing my hard penis which was now bobbing around at about 10 degrees and spasming with contractions. 

"Kirei!" (it's beautiful) she said quietly, and took the shaft in her left hand and my balls in her right, gently stroking them both at the same time while she looked at me and smiled. She then knelt down and put the first half of it in her mouth, and the hand that was stroking my balls moved back until the middle finger found my anus, exploring it gently. 

That was it for me. I came almost immediately, and with such force that I had to steady myself by grabbing on to the wall with my free hand. It was the kind of guy orgasm that doesn't come in spurts, but just one long stream of ejaculate at a constant pressure. I'd only ever experienced it once before when I was a teenager. For those that know, I hope I'm describing it correctly when I say it feels a little bit like taking a piss, only while you are cumming at the same time. 

I guess that constant stream of cum all at once was too much for Yuko to swallow because, although she still had half my cock firmly gripped between her lips, cum was starting to leak out the side of her mouth. She looked up at me with her doe eyes. 

I gently pulled out from her mouth, then reached down to take her under the armpits, careful with the glass of water still in my right hand, and hoisted her up to me where she fell against my chest smearing the last of the cum that she couldn't swallow on my shirt. 

After about a minute of recovery hugging, I took her hand and gave her the glass of water I was still holding so that she could rinse her mouth. She swallowed the glass down in three giant gulps and with my hand on the inside of my shirt I reached out and wiped the rest of the cum from her chin. 

I took her hand and led her back into the bedroom. It was my time to return the favor. 

Yuko sat down on the edge of the bed and put the empty glass on the bedside table while I took off my shirt and used it to wipe the last remains of saliva and cum from my dick. 

When I had finished, I walked over to her where she was sitting at the side of the bed, smiling at her. 

"Remember, don't fuck me," she said, "But anything else is OK," she added playfully. 

I already knew that, but the fact that she said the word "fuck" again had my little man stirring.

I dropped to my knees in front of her placing my hands heavily on each of her thighs. I looked up into her eyes. 

"Now I want to do something for you," I said. I meant it too. I would do anything to make sure that, this night, Yuko would have the best non-coital sex that I could give. 

I pulled her sweater up over her head and reached around to take off her bra, revealing her magnificent breasts - large, round and with tiny pink nipples that were at full attention. As she lay back on the bed, I undid her belt and peeled off her tight cotton pants to discover that she was wearing a black g-string. 

"She said it was your favorite kind of underwear," Yuko explained. 

After getting my gear off in a hurry - always an awkward thing to do - I knelt between her legs and admired the sight of her silky skin and tiny black pubes poking out from the front of the g-string. Eager to get started, I took off the g-string. Her snatch was already glistening wet, with small drops of moisture clinging, like dew-drops, to the ends of the hairs that sparsely fringed her hole. 

I could smell the muskiness already and I wasted no time. She spread her legs wide as I buried my face right in there, letting my tongue slide inside her and over her clit, side to side, literally drinking the juices that were flowing out of her. 

As I moved my tongue slowly up and down her clit, she moaned deep, throaty noises. When I put my hands under her buttocks, levering her up further into my face and then sliding my tongue over her asshole, she squirmed and yelped, at first as if trying to move her dirty asshole away from me and then, within seconds, changing her mind and forcing it at me even harder so that the tip of my tongue went inside her a little bit. This entry made her go berserk and she came to a violent shuddering climax on my nose. 

"Ah," I thought to myself. "It must be the first time that someone has ever licked her asshole. Excellent. I was more excited than ever.

Tired with that position, I turned myself around 'heads to tails', both of us lying on our sides, so that her legs were wrapped around me under my arms and my hands were prying her butt cheeks apart. In this position there can be no shyness between us anymore, as our most intimate regions are exposed to plain view of the other. 

Her clit and vagina were just slightly larger than what I was used to, but still relatively small by western standards, but it was her asshole that was the crowing glory. It was perfectly formed rosebud, with a very slight dark-pink corona. I couldn't help myself but to dive in and taste it again. 

Every so often I would come back and suck the clit between my lips, pressing my face into her and moaning loudly into her pussy, and the sonic vibrations from this would make her go wild again, bucking her hips and pressing her pussy into my mouth. Because of my position I had my nose right in her asshole and although she has just washed it thoroughly, it still had the very faint aroma of the dump she had just taken. The scent alone drove me wild and I moved further around so that I could gently lick her sensitive anus. 

She was getting the very best of what I call my 'Colonel Angus' technique, breaking her in to the forbidden delights. It was clear that, after her slight initial hesitation, she was absolutely enjoying herself now. Every time I touched her anus with my tongue she went crazy, almost crushing my chest with her legs and coming repeatedly all over my chin, pressing into it and sliding around on it, the juices running down to her ass and into my mouth. 

Shortly after her last orgasm and after she had recovered, she took me into her mouth again, still head to toe, and swallowed my member completely. It was simply amazing to watch her mouth from my point of view and see my balls resting on her nose while she grasped my buttocks, pulling me into her. When I came I was already at the back of her throat and it must have gone straight down her neck without her even needing to swallow. 

Exhausted, and with a slight ache in my nuts from three successive orgasms, I took her hand and led her to the bathroom so we could both get cleaned up. We hopped into the shower, waited for the water temperature to rise, and started applying the various body scrubs that were arranged on the shelf. For the first time I can ever remember, Yuko's face had no hint of stress on it. Just a fuzzy-focused, blissed-out, smile. 

I was super relaxed too. Now I'm usually the kind of guy that gets out of the shower to piss, especially in front of company but I was just so relaxed that I let my bladder go right there against the shower wall. 

Yuko laughed at me.

"Hey wait a minute," she said. "Don't waste that! Bring some over here!" 

"What do you mean?" I asked. 

"Piss on my feet. I want to feel it." 

Happy to oblige, I directed the stream over at her feet, and when it hit her she gasped. 

"Oh, that's nice! Now higher," she instructed. 

So I moved the stream up her leg higher and higher till it was on her thigh, whereupon she sank down to meet it with her face. She only got a little in her mouth before the stream ran out, but she was giggling like a schoolgirl. 
