 Karen of Honolulu

I had placed a personal ad on yahoo that had been quite successful for me. The ad read, "You know what they say about tall men?" I had no idea how successful until Karen answered my ad.

She responded that she didn't know but wanted to find out. We talked several times on the phone and finally set up a date for a Saturday afternoon. Her roommate would be gone so we decided to meet at her place.

I was eager with anticipation as I drove from the North Shore to St. Louis Heights. Finally I reached her house and with much nervousness I walked up to the door and rand the doorbell.

It was answered immediately by Karen. She was not the most beautiful woman to be quite honest. She was 41 years old and was about 5'5" and 115 lbs. She was wearing a plain dress that is so common in Hawaii and it was obvious that she was not wearing a bra as her nipples were hard and pointing through the thin material. She welcomed me and we hugged and she led me inside. As I followed her I looked down at her ass and could see that she was wearing a black thong underneath that thin dress. 

She led me to the living room and asked if I wanted a drink. Of course, so she went into the kitchen and returned with a beer for me and a glass of wine for her. We made small talk for several minutes until we hit an awkward stage. The tension was in the air. Finally she broke it and asked if I wanted a massage, now what horny male doesn't want a massage. This led to her taking my hand and leading me to her massage area, complete with a table. "Take off your clothes honey and hop up on the table." Who was I to argue, off came the t-shirt, the shorts and the thong I always wore. "Wow, you wear a thong? That is so sexy! Lay down on your stomach and let me cover you with this sheet." Now, I wanted to be nude on the table but who was I to argue. What followed was a very professional massage, never once did she uncover me completely. When I turned over it was obvious that I was turned on as my cock was standing straight up, she just continued with her massage and still didn't say a word or touch my throbbing cock. Finally she finished. "Let's sit down and talk before we go to the beach." As we sat and talked she apologized for some comments she had made during the massage. Then she asked me what I liked to do.

"I love to give massages," was my reply. With that she grabbed my hand and led me back to her table. Without a word she stripped off her clothes and laid face up on the table. She had small tits, a 34b I would say and they had some droop to them and her pussy was completely shaven and was absolutely dripping with desire. As I stood over her head and massaged her breasts she reached up and grabbed my cock.

"It is true what they say about tall men. You have a magnificent cock." With that she pulled my shorts down and began stroking my cock slowly. "Let's head to my room honey," she whispered. 

She jumped up from the table, grabbed my cock and pulled me to her bedroom. Looking around I noticed that she was definitely into Tantra and budhism for sure. She came into the room from her bathroom with some lit candles and incense. She climbed up on her bad and told me to climb up with her. As I did she looked into my eyes and asked, "May I worship your cock? I want to receive your blessing my lord." I was blown away. I had never been asked if my cock could be worshipped.

Now what do you think I replied? "Yes, you may worship." What followed was the best blow job I have ever received. She truly did worship my cock. She lovingly sucked the head into her mouth and ran her tongue around and around the crimson head. As she did this one hand was stroking the shaft ever so gently and the other was fingering my ass. My cock was hard as steel and pulsing with desire. She didn't say a word, just looked up at me the whole time and worshipped. As I got ready to cum she sensed it and slowly nodded her head and increased her strokes on the shaft. She had one thing left to do. She let go of the shaft and took all 8 inches into her mouth and deepthroated me. At the same time her lubed up finger entered my ass and found my prostate. With that I came, 5 long streams of cum entered her throat before she pulled out a little bit and took the rest into her mouth. She kept her mouth on my pulsing cock until I was finished cumming. Then with a smile she pulled off with a pop, looked up at me and asked, "May I swallow your load my master and giver of life?" This woman was freaky and sexy and hot all at the same time. I just nodded my approval and she swallowed the rest of my load. 

Without waiting she got up off the bed, walked over to a dresser, and attached her feet to some restraints at the base then slipped her hands into some mounted at the top. Turning her head she commanded me to fuck her anyway I wanted. 

I was still hard as I got up off the bed, I walked up to her and swatted her ass hard with my hand, she cried out but did not ask me to stop. I looked on the top of the dresser and she had two paddles sitting there. Now, I am not a smart man, but that looked like an invitation to me. I picked up the heavier one and gave her hot ass 10 hard swats, her ass instantly turned bright red but still she didn't ask me to stop. This woman was hot. Next to the paddles was a tube of lube, so I did what came natural, opened it and spread it on her asshole and prepared to fuck her ass.

I spread her ass wide open and buried myself in one stroke and fucked her like there was no tomorrow. She did not say a word, just cried out with pleasure. I was over the edge and came deep in her ass filling her completely. I pulled out and was still hard, this woman was a freak and I couldn't stop my hardon. 

I needed more, so I untied her and laid her down on the bed next to myself. As she caught her breath and calmed down her hand found my still hard cock. "You are still hard, oh my gawd your cock is worthy of worship." With that she moved on top of me and mounted me for another long fuck. This time I didn't cum for almost 30 minutes, but she rode me the whole time and came almost continuously. Finally after 3 orgasms and over 2 hours of being hard, I needed a rest. 

We adjourned to the kitchen for a bite to eat, nude of course, and after a quick bite she crawled over to me, looked up into my eyes and asked if she could suck my cock again? 

Of course I said yes. We fucked and sucked all afternoon and I finally left her house around 10 that night. I had been hard for almost 8 hours and came 5 or 6 times. It was the adventure of a lifetime.