 Looking back on it, Lauren couldn't pinpoint the moment that she realized she was a slut. 

Was it when she gave her first handjob, and felt a feeling of satisfaction when the cum shot from her father's business partner's throbbing cockhead as she wanked him in the backseat of his car?

Was it the first time she fucked two guys in the same night (though not at the same time), Alex and James, boys from her senior class who had been vying for her attention and had finally succeeded in getting her drunk after their class graduation party?  

Was it the first time she let a man (in this case, a college instructor) shoot his load all over her face? 

She didn't know for sure, but she knew one thing: she loved pleasing men, and being pleased by them. Now, at 20 years old, she had the confidence to get what she wanted. 

That didn't mean that she would sleep with just anyone, however. As the stories about her inevitably spread around the campus where she attended college, guys would proposition her just about everywhere. Strangely enough, that was a turn-off for Lauren, who preferred to surprise men with her slutiness. She sought out the men who were least likely to know about her reputation -- mostly that meant faculty, staff, administrators and "townies," but because her college was so big, there were plenty of regular students who got in on the action too.

She liked having several encounters a week, with a good mix of what she termed her "regulars" (guys that she had been sleeping with for longer periods of time) and chance encounters. 

I'd like to tell you about a week in her life as a slut. It was a week that began like any other, but ended in true love: between Lauren and a big-cocked young man named Ben, who had no idea of the sexual potential simmering under his bookish exterior. But let me start from the beginning. 

Monday.

Lauren woke up at 5 AM. It was an uncharacteristic time for an undergraduate to awake, but then again, she was an unusual undergraduate. At 5'0", 100lbs, she had C cup breasts which looked huge on her petite frame. She had curly dark hair that fell in ringlets around her shoulders, and cold green-grey eyes. Full, pouty lips that came from her Mediterranean heritage on her mother's side covered the rows of perfect white teeth she had inherited from her father. She was, in short, quite striking to begin with, so she didn't have to dress in a particularly slutty manner to attract male attention. 

Sometimes, however, she did so anyway. Today was one of those days. She wore a small white sundress that almost showed her ass in the back and had a plunging neckline that clearly showed that she was not wearing a bra. Her large brown nipples were visible to anyone who cast a second glance at her chest. She finished off the look with a pair of matching white heels that gave her an extra three inches in height. Although she was pleased with her appearance overall, Lauren was a bit sensitive about her height.

Lauren's first stop of the day was a bagel shop near campus where she was hoping to run into Jeremy, a security guard in his mid-forties who she fucked on a semi-regular basis. As luck would have it, he was there, sitting alone in a booth and reading a paper while he sipped on his morning coffee.

"Good morning, Lauren!" he said as she slid onto the bench next to him holding her own cup, "how are you this morning?"

"Stressed! I've got a final on Thursday, so I got up early this morning to study."

"So you just came by here to get coffee?" The handsome black security guard cast a sidelong glance down her dress, taking in the sight of her beautiful brown nipples.

"Well," said Lauren, noticing his gaze and running one hand up his leg, "I was hoping you might be able to show me the back seat of your car like you promised."

"Not today honey," said Jeremy, feeling his cock start to grow as Lauren ran her hand up his thigh, "I've got to get out of here in five minutes. Got work to do."

"It that all the time we've got?" Lauren pretended to pout.

"'Fraid so, hon."

"That sounds like a challenge to me," she said, smiling up at him while she undid his belt under the table.

"You're crazy," he whispered, "someone's going to see!"

"You want me to stop?"

"Did I say that?"

"Didn't think so."

She unzipped his fly and fished around in his pants until she managed to pull out his rapidly hardening eight-inch cock. She brought her hand up to her face for a moment, smiled at him, and spat on it. Then she returned it under the table and began to jerk him off. 

"You like having little college girls jerk your cock?" she asked him, playing with his balls for a moment. Her petite hand barely spanned the circumference of his mammoth member. But what she lacked in surface area contact, she made up for with pure verbal filth.

"I'd love to be on my knees under that table right now," she whispered, teasing the sensitive underside of his cockhead, "sticking that monster down my throat."

"Oh god that's good," whispered Jeremy, looking around nervously to make sure no one was watching them.

"I'd let you cum in my mouth, or on my face -- wherever you want," she said, spitting on her hand again before she continued to stroke him, "you could blow your load on my titties, too."

She started to stroke him harder and faster, smiling up at him from beside him in the booth. 

"Cum for me, big boy," she whispered, "cum for your little girl, daddy."

Her last line sent Jeremy over the edge. He fell forward with a gasp, and Lauren heard the distinct plop of his first shot of semen hitting the tiled floor below the booth. She slowly milked the rest of the cum out of his cock, letting it drip to the floor, before she pulled a pack of tissues from her purse and wiped his cock and her fingers clean. Then she helped him pack his not-yet-quite-soft member back into his pants, and gave him a kiss after sliding out of the booth to let him leave.

"Have a good day," she said.

"You too, Lauren."

"Next time, the back seat."

"I promise."

Lauren slowly finished her coffee as she watched Jeremy's car drive by the front window of the store. She was pleased with herself. It was only 6:00AM, and she had already made a man cum!

She broke out her daily planner and looked at her schedule for the next week: there was the big exam on Thursday (in Statics and Dynamics), Prof. Morgan's office hours on Wednesday, her date with Karl on Tuesday, and a hair appointment on Friday. She hoped she could get enough studying in before Thursday, what with all the fucking she planned to do in the meantime. The very thought made her horny. She took out her textbook to work through a few problems, but just couldn't concentrate. She decided to give up for the time being and head to campus.

It was getting near 7 am as she walked through the neighborhood on the way to campus. It was a beautiful summer morning. Children were eating breakfast before school, mothers were fixing lunches and getting ready for work, and fathers were out picking up the morning paper. Lauren caught the eye of one particular dad, who stood in his bathrobe at the end of his driveway.

"Hi!" he called as she passed, "beautiful morning, isn't it!"

"It sure is," she said, and stopped for a moment in front of him. He was tall, and handsome too. 

"Are you a student?" he asked, standing there with his robe half open and the newspaper in his hand, clearly admiring the young co-ed standing in front of him.

"Yeah."

"On your way to campus?"

"Yes," said Lauren, who suddenly had an idea, "but I have a problem."

"Oh?" said the family man, listening attentively.

"My ankle hurts," she said, pointing to her right leg, "and I stupidly decided to wear these shoes today! What was I thinking?"

"When do you have to be in class?" he asked her, looking concernedly at her ankle.

"In an hour," she said, "but I don't think I'm going to make it at this rate."

"Well," he said, turning to look back at his house for a moment, "if you can wait five minutes for me to get ready, I'd be happy to drive you in to campus. I'm headed that way myself."

"Really?"

"Sure. Just wait out here for a second."

Lauren experienced the fastest five minutes of her life. In what seemed like a mere second, the man disappeared into the house, then reappeared in a car at the end of the driveway where Lauren was waiting. He was unshaven, but wearing a pressed shirt and tie. 

"Get on in," he said, when he had backed the car down the driveway, "my name's Dave by the way."

"Hi Dave, I'm Lauren," she said, after she had climbed into the passenger side.

"Does your wife know that you're giving me a ride?" she asked innocently as they pulled out of the driveway.

"I didn't think to tell her," he said, eyeing her lustfully. 

"What she doesn't know won't hurt her," Lauren said, adjusting her dress, which had ridden up almost to her white thong panties.

"So where exactly is your class?"

"Turner hall. But we don't have to go there just yet."

"Where would you like to go instead?"

"Hmm," said Lauren, looking at him with her big green-grey eyes, "do you know a place around here where we could be alone for a little while? I've got another problem I think you could help me with."

Dave turned bright red.

"There's a park just up the road."

"That'll work."

They drove on in silence for about a minute or so. The sexual tension in the air was incredible. Lauren loved this part more than anything: the man knew what was coming, but he didn't know how exactly how it was going to play out. The same was true for her.

"How's this?" he asked, pulling into a deserted parking lot near the park.

"Perfect," she said, unbuckling her seatbelt, "now you can help me with my other problem."

"And that would be?"

"I need to ride a hard cock right now."

"God I was hoping you were going to say something like that."

She jumped up onto his lap and they started kissing each other hungrily. 

"I shouldn't be doing this," he said, pawing at her breasts, "but I want you so bad."

"If you think you shouldn't, don't," she said, feeling the bulge in his pants and trying to gauge his size. He seemed like he might be on the larger side. 

"Nevermind, let's just do it!" he said, playing with her nice round nipples until she began to moan. 

She had his belt open, his fly down and his cock out now, and was stroking it with one hand while she sat on his lap. The two continued to kiss for moment, until Lauren broke the kiss and lowered her knees to the passenger seat. Then she bent down and began to take his cock in her mouth, stroking it with one hand and cupping his balls in the other. 

Dave couldn't believe that this petite curly-haired co-ed was swallowing almost his entire dick. He did everything he had to not to blow his load in her sweet mouth. After all, she'd said she wanted to ride his cock, and he didn't want to disappoint her. He imagined how tight her pussy must be.

"Will you do me a favor?" said Lauren, taking his cock out of her mouth and looking up at him for a moment.

"Sure."

"Would you spank my ass while I go down on you?"

"L-like this?" he stammered, almost out of his mind with lust. He gently tapped her ass with his right hand.

"Harder."

He smacked her a bit harder.

"Harder!" she said, "I love being spanked while I give head."

She returned to his cock with renewed gusto, running her full lips up and down its length as he spanked her ass with increasing abandon. Finally he started really getting into it, and Lauren began to moan on his cock as each blow hit. This sent vibrations through his cock that felt incredible. The sight of the young co-ed slurping on his cock, combined with the amazing feeling of spanking her young, supple ass, finally sent him over the edge. His hips bucked upward toward her mouth as he unleashed a torrent of cum. 

"Oh shit oh shit oh shit," he said as he sprayed the inside of her mouth. 

Lauren, a practiced cocksucker, had anticipated this contingency and prepared herself to swallow. She devoured the first half of his load, then collected the second half on her tongue. Looking up at him, she opened her mouth to show him his load before swallowing it. Then she smiled.

"God, I'm sorry," said Dave, "I really wanted to fuck that little pussy of yours."

"Maybe you still can," she said, "do you think you'd be up to it?"

"Shit," said Dave, looking at her beautiful upturned ass which had turned light pink from the spanking, "I sure hope so."

She slipped out of her thong panties and put them in her purse, then she got on her hand and knees again and stretched across his lap. She didn't fit quite all the way because the door was closed, but her pussy touched his right pants leg, and he had quite a wonderful view of her ass. He reached down and pushed her sun dress up onto her back so that only her naked ass was visible.

"Why don't you just spank me until you get hard again?" she asked.

He didn't reply. Instead, he began to spank her again, gently at first, first one cheek than the other, and finally with more and more vigor.

"Oh yeah," she moaned, "I've been a bad girl."

"You naughty girl," he said, feeling his cock start to come back to life, "you little slut, seducing a married man, a complete stranger."

"Oh please spank me," she moaned, "I'm a bad little girl."

"You like this spanking, don't you you little slut?"

"Oh yes," she moaned. She was getting more and more turned on by the wonderful combination of blows he gave her. Some were so deliciously close to her pussy that she felt waves of pleasure shoot through her entire body. 

"Spank me, spank me!"

"Oh yes," he said, dipping a finger into her pussy and finding it wet, "you like this don't you?"

"I love it!"

"You want my cock you little slut?"

"Yes please," she moaned as he fingered her, "but use a condom. They're in my purse."

He grabbed her small purse with one hand and spanked her with the other. Inside it he found a pack of condoms and some lube.

"Hand them to me," she said, "I'll open one."

She could feel his rising cock poking into her stomach as she expertly opened the condom wrapper with her fingernails. Then she got back onto her knees and took his hardening cock into her mouth, fondling his balls with one hand and supporting herself with the other, until his rod was hard once again. Then she took the condom out of its wrapper and slowly unwrapped it along the length of his shaft.

In the meantime, he slipped first one, then two fingers into her pussy. The advantage of being so petite, Lauren knew, was that even cocks which were on the smaller side seemed big once they were inside her. Dave's cock was probably just above average, she guessed, and would definitely do the trick she needed it to do. Of course, being petite meant that really big cocks felt even bigger, and Lauren liked that quite a bit too.

Once the condom was securely in place, Dave reached down and released the seat so he was lying on his back in the car. Lauren straddled him, slowly lowering herself onto his shaft. He savored the tightness of her cunt. Even though he was wearing a condom, he could tell that Lauren had the tightest pussy he had ever been in. 

A spectator on the outside of the car would have seen Lauren, a petite, curly-haired girl of 20, red-faced, c-cup breasts hanging out of the front of her sundress, bouncing up and down with a joyous smile on her face. This was the view that Dave had as well, except Dave was also treated to the sight of his cock, rendered enormous through contrast with Lauren's tiny body, move into and out of her meticulously groomed pussy.

"Oh yes," he panted, "ride that cock you slut."

"It feels so big and hard," Lauren exclaimed playfully, tweaking her own nipples as she approached orgasm. She prided herself on knowing just what to say to turn men on. 

"Oh god, it's so BIG!"

"Fuck yes," said Dave, reaching behind her and grabbing her ass, "you love this cock, don't you slut?"

"Yes, I love it!" 

"Tell me to fuck you."

"Fuck me! Use my pussy! You own it!"

"Cum for me slut, " Dave panted, "cum on this cock."

"CUMMING!" Lauren yelled, and she did.

Her pussy clamped down on his cock so tightly that he had to wait a moment before he could move it again. Then he slowly started moving it in and out once again, or, rather, moving Lauren up and down on his cock, as if masturbating with her entire body.  

"Oh yes," she exclaimed, "I want you to shoot a big fucking load for me. Can you do that, Dave?"

"Shit yes," he said, smacking her ass as he started to fuck her faster once more.

"Can you shoot a big load in my little pussy?" 

"God yes," said Dave, imagining for a moment the ecstasy he would be in had he not been wearing a condom. He knew he wouldn't have lasted more than 15 seconds in her pussy without one, even after the blowjob.

"Give me that cum."

He grunted in reply, and felt a wave of pleasure overcome him as he emptied an enormous load into the condom. Lauren felt the twitching in his member slowly subside, and then she pulled herself off him, careful to make sure the condom stayed in place. Dave pulled the cum-filled condom off of his cock, opened the door, and threw it onto the pavement. They cleaned themselves off with the kleenex in Lauren's purse and then sped off in the direction of campus. 

"You are an incredible lay," said Dave as she got out of his car on the street near the library.

"Thanks, Dave." 

Lauren flashed him a smile, then turned to walk towards Turner Hall, her sundress lifting ever so slightly every time the wind gusted. 

She spent the rest of the morning in classes, and the afternoon studying for her final. But by that night, she was ready to take a break. She got on the bus and headed home.

Back home, she played back the events of the morning in her head. It had been fun jerking off Jeremy under the table at the bagel place, and she had really enjoyed going down on Dave in the car. But she still hadn't been fucked that day, at least not like she needed to be. Riding Dave's cock had been great, but he didn't last long enough to really give her the release she needed. 

Too tired to go back out on the prowl, she settled for the big black dildo she kept next to her bed. At 10 inches in length and more than five inches in diameter, it was bigger than almost any man she had ever been with, save for the time she had been pleasantly surprised by a polish foreign exchange student named Jacek, who had skewered her on his massive 11" cock for nearly an hour one night in the dorms. It had taken him more than five minutes to work the head into her petite pussy. 

As she slowly fucked herself to sleep with the black dildo, she thought back to that night with Jacek, and how he had called her filthy names in an adorable accent while she came in at least seven different positions on his rock hard monster cock. By the time she reached a climax, she was moaning his name into her pillow. 

"One thing is certain," Lauren thought to herself as she drifted off to sleep, "tomorrow I need to find a really big cock."

End of Monday.

Author's note: I intend to continue Lauren's adventures in further installments, and appreciate your feedback, either in the public comments below, or in anonymous messages to me. 