 I've always hated going to the barber. Maybe it dates to some traumatic event in my childhood, like being dragged there screaming by my mother. Truthfully, I just don't know, I just know that all through my school years I hated going to the barber.

After graduating I moved out of Sydney to start my first job. In my local corner store, I saw an ad on the community notice board for a hairdresser who worked from home near me. I called her for an appointment and that was how I first met Inge.

I visited Inge at her home salon every four to six weeks for several years. For the first time getting my hair cut was a pleasure rather than a chore.

The first time I visited, Inge led me into the kitchen where all the tools of her trade were laid out. I liked that there was no mirror and I didn't have to sit staring at myself for 20 minutes. Inge was friendly, warm and very pretty. She had beautiful smooth skin, a mouth that smiled easily and curves that drew my eye immediately.

Inge was someone I looked forward to spending time with every few weeks. My shift work meant that I generally visited in the morning when her husband was at work. I met her husband on occasions and it puzzled my how such a stunning, vivacious woman could be married to such a dull and dorky man. It takes all types.

Sitting in Inge's kitchen chair and having her walk around me and trim my hair was always a pleasure. We talked about any kind of news of the day, nothing too personal, but it was always quality time.

One day when I arrived and was pleased to notice her husband's car missing from beside the house Inge seemed a little different when she greeted me. "Come in Larry", she welcomed me as always but her tone seemed different.

In the kitchen she put the hairdresser's cape over me and started with some small talk, "How's work, been promoted again lately"? I had told her about my minor promotion at my previous visit.

I wanted to ask if there was anything wrong, but somehow didn't quite know how to approach the subject. Inge continued with her work and seemed a little quieter than normal. For the first time in all my visits I didn't notice how wonderful she smelt. Instead I noticed every time her thighs touched my arm or the curve of her breast brushed me as she moved around.

"Is everything OK, Inge? You seem a little distracted"

She came around in front of me and pulled the cape off. She gave me a mirror to check the finished cut and seemed relieved to blurt out "He's left me".

"Your husband? What, today?"

"No, it was a couple of weeks ago but I've tried not to burden my customers with it."

I knew that as I pulled some cash from my wallet I should just say "sorry" and leave her to her personal problems. But I had really grown to care about her and wanted to help if there was some way. "You know, I don't have much experience with this sort of thing, but if you'd like to talk about it then I would like to listen. If you'd like to go for a coffee maybe it would help to tell someone who is just going to listen."

I could see her weighing up the situation as she swept up my hair from the floor. She could spend the rest of the day being sorry for herself and try to cry it out or she could have the company of a non-judgemental stranger for emotional support. "Don't worry about me, you don't want to listen to my sob story".

"Yes, I do. I don't think you should be on your own when you are so obviously upset".

"Are you sure?"

"I'm sure"

"OK," Inge's face brightened a little, she leant the broom against the table and started to walk out quickly. She called over her shoulder "Just give me a minute to get ready."

I drove us to a coffee shop in the local centre. Inge had kept her black skirt on but had changed into a colourful red blouse. It was the first time I had seen her out of the white smock top which she normally wore as a uniform.

The coffee shop was almost empty and Inge found a low table with comfortable chairs. I watched her settle in as I stood at the counter placing our order.

By the time I brought the drinks over to the table Inge seemed a little tense and unsure. "I'm not sure I can sit here and discuss my marriage. I don't know why I came out." She didn't seem stressed, just a little unsure.

"That's OK, we can just talk, relax a little." I was secretly pleased as I was starting to wonder what I had gotten myself into.

A poster advertising a fundraising event for a local football team inspired me to ask if she played any sports. That got the conversation started and we moved from tennis and golf to local restaurants onto the annual show and somewhere in the next half hour we both relaxed into the chairs and each other's company.

Inevitably, because of my age, the conversation turned to the subject of girlfriends. I laughed through my evasive answers and Inge seemed to enjoy playfully probing me and my slight discomfort. When Inge asked what I liked in a girl and I stumbled through a few boring answers I noticed that she seemed to have stopped paying attention to me.

"Something wrong?" I asked.

"No, no," Inge shook herself back to the moment. "I was just thinking ... don't worry."

"No, it's okay," I insisted, "You can tell me."

Inge considered the situation for a few seconds and obviously decided to open up. "It's just, hearing what you want in a girl, fun, friendly, smart ... all he wanted was a porn star."

I was startled at her statement but tried not to let it show. After a few seconds Inge continued, "He watched a lot of porn, and wanted me to be like the girls he watched."

"Did that bother you?"

"Not the porn itself," she admitted, "that was ... well, all men do, don't they? What got me was that he wanted me to be like the women that he watched. And that wasn't me. That was why he left in the end. I stopped doing what he wanted me to."

I couldn't resist the obvious question, "What kinds of things?"

Inge seem to catch herself, realising that we were edging into the intimate details of her relationship and in a public place. She considered this for a moment and then said, "You know, the usual things, like having me say ... nasty things while he ... and, he always wanted to ... ejaculate on my face." She averted her eyes as she struggled with the words. It was obvious she wanted to get them out, but she was still not sure what she was doing telling them to me in a coffee shop.

"I'm sorry." It seemed like all I could say, especially as I was slightly compromised as having had facial fantasies of my own, even though I'd never done it and could plainly see it wasn't the most romantic act that sexual partners could perform.

Inge shook her head, not at my sympathy, but her situation. "It's okay. You know, I'm not... well, those things are okay once in a while, but not all the time. Is this an uncomfortable conversation for you?" She looked hard into my face now. "I'm sorry, we should stop."

"It's fine." I instinctively reached across the table and placed my hand over hers. "I'm just glad you can get some of this out. I'm happy to talk about anything."

Inge smiled. She pulled her hand away to push her hair to the side but it came back to rest on mine. "You're really are very kind. It's been hard not being able to explain why he left. Maybe this will make it easier to explain to other people." She gave a big sigh and sat back a bit in the chair. "He was such a pain when it came to things like that."

She went on to explain to me that in most other ways he had been a good husband. She wasn't sure about their decision, years ago, not to have a family, but other than his sexual preferences, he was a good man. She didn't give many details, but explained how he would watch porn, often while she was with customers and later demand that they basically act out the things he'd watched. I got the impression that occasionally this was painful for her and almost always unsatisfying. Hell, even I knew that sometimes women needed to make love the way they wanted! And there lay the bottom line in Inge's marriage: he wanted sex, and she needed to make love occasionally.

There was nothing erotic about our conversation. I was too busy listening and working out how to respond to the things Inge said, and she was busy exorcising thoughts and events that had haunted her for too long. It seemed somewhat surreal to be sitting with the lovely Inge, listening to her relate the failings of her sex life, but it also made me feel closer to her than I'd ever imagined.

"I mean, not all men are like that, are they?"

I tried to be honest. "All men have fantasies, but I'm sure most men are a bit more sympathetic to their partner's wants and needs."

"That's what I thought." Inge seemed to reach the summit of our conversation, verbally confirming at least some of her self-doubt had been vanquished. "Men!"

I smiled softly at her small transformation.

"Present company accepted." she laughed.

"You know," Inge paused to down the last of her, now stone cold, coffee, "he even wanted me to find a woman so he could have a threesome." She shook her head. "He asked that all the time. Is that something you would ever ask a girl?"

I'm pretty sure I flushed a little with the directness of the question, and maybe knowing that it was another thing I'd fantasized about. However, I answered honestly. "I have a hard enough time worrying about pleasing one woman, never mind how I'd satisfy two."

Inge watched my face intently as I answered, and then laughed out loud.

I offered her another coffee but she elected to go home. I thought that would be the end of an interesting afternoon but when I pulled up to Inge's house she started to get out and nonchalantly commanded, "Come on in and have a glass of wine with me. It's the least I can do. You've wasted all of this time on my sob story."

I was about to say I didn't consider it wasted time, but she was gone, so I switched off the engine and followed her into the house.

"Sit down." She called from the kitchen. "White okay for you?"

I sat on the sofa and answered, "White's fine. Just a small one, I'm driving."

Inge came in and handed me a moderately large glass of wine. She sat at the other side of the sofa and offered me her glass to clink. "Cheers."

I think I was the uncomfortable one now, thoughts of porn scenes that may have taken place in this very room, with the woman sitting next to me, were flitting though my brain. I looked at the gorgeous Inge sipping at her wine and for the first time that night I found the situation arousing.

"Don't move." Inge almost shouted as I lowered the glass from my lips. "Just stay completely still."

She got off the sofa and went back into the kitchen, returning a few seconds later with her scissors. She came next to me and knelt on the sofa, pointing the scissors at my left ear. "I missed a bit." I heard a "clip" and relaxed as she withdrew the scissors. "There." She smiled, but didn't move away.

Our eyes met and locked for a few seconds. I felt an instantaneous rise in the tension in the room and just about had time to recognize it when Inge brought her face closer to mine and kissed me.

It was a soft, non-committal kiss, wonderfully sensual in the way our lips pressed and moved slightly to explore each other's interest in the moment. Inge's hand came up to gently caress my cheek and I opened my lips for her, letting her tongue come inside and confirming our shared desire. I pushed into her mouth, tasting her and feeling the soft warmth of her tongue as it slowly moved around and explored.

In a night of surprises, somehow the words Inge spoke when we broke the kiss and looked into each other's eyes at a distance of four inches did not surprise me. "I'd like to make love with you."

This was not a time for words. We'd talked a lot that evening and it was time for our senses to take over and find peace for Inge, and who knew what for me. I kissed her again, confirming beyond a doubt where we were headed as she kissed back hungrily and sensually.

When we broke again Inge reached behind and switched off one of the two table lamps that lit the room. A softer light folded around us as she straddled me, sat in my lap and kissed me again.

I wrapped my arms around Inge's back and pulled her into me as we locked mouths and I felt her hands start to stroke the sides of my face. She felt warm beneath her blouse and for one moment I reflected that being here with Inge was something I'd thought about many times but dared not even hope for. She pulled her face away but continued to rest her hands on the sides of my face while she looked at me. She smiled the softest, warmest smile I'd ever seen.

"You don't mind that I'm an older woman, do you?"

"You're not even 30 and you look wonderful." was all I could manage, and apparently all I needed to say.

Inge continued to sit in my lap as she unbuttoned her blouse, slowly, and watched my face as she did. When the last button was loose she pulled the shirt off her arms and let it fall to the floor, revealing her plain white bra and the gorgeous promise of her breasts being held in there. "Do you want to take it off?" she offered.

I reached behind her and thankfully managed to unclip the bra without major difficulty or delay. It fell loose on her shoulders and I waited for a few seconds, savouring the moment, before I pulled the straps off her shoulders and revealed her breasts. Inge may have been worried about her age, but she should have been proud of her breasts. They didn't droop at all, they just sat there, displaying her lovely dark nipples that were well defined even in the soft light and looked like they were already excited. I carefully brought up my hand to feel the weight of her breast and then to feel the nipple as I brushed my fingers across it. Her eyes closed as my soft touch set off pleasure sensors all over her body.

Inge's hands came up to my shoulders and I used both of my hands to explore her breast, the exposed skin down to her waist.

"You look beautiful." I cooed again as I looked at her and watched the movements of my hands and how her skin reacted to my touch.

"You make me feel it." Inge breathed. She let her hands fall and start to unbutton my shirt and my hands fell lower, now feeling around the waistband of her skirt. I leaned up from the sofa and kissed her nipples gently - first one and then the other, licking at her and biting gently. This stopped her unbuttoning my shirt and I felt Inge's breathing deepen.

She reached behind her and undid the zipper on her skirt. I felt the waistband of the skirt loosen and I pushed my fingers down the front. I felt Inge's panties and as I slid further down I felt her softness, the distinct outline of her pussy lips and the heat she was generating.

Slowly, Inge's head arched back and she closed her eyes with pleasure as my fingers covered her pussy from the outside of her panties. "God, that feels so good." she panted as I pushed a little harder and a little deeper down between her legs.

Inge was still breathing hard when she stood up from our position on the sofa and started to ease her skirt down her legs. I sat and watched as she kicked the skirt away and repeated the motion with her panties. My eyes didn't follow them all the way down her legs, preferring to stay on her pussy and the thin strip of pubic hair that led down to her slit.

I looked up, taking her whole body in, and stopped when I got to her face. Inge wasn't smiling and it almost looked like she was awaiting approval. Rather than saying anything, I stood up, wrapped my arms around her and kissed her again. "You look amazing." I whispered in her ear when we broke the kiss and hugged her.

Inge reached up for my shirt buttons but I took the initiative for the first time, leading her gently to lie on the sofa. I smiled as I backed away from her, again looking at how stunning she looked. My hands came to her thighs and I eased them apart. She opened them willingly for me and I saw her pussy lips part just enough for me to glimpse some bright pink flesh while I descended towards her. My tongue extended and I tasted her heat for the first time.

Inge's legs opened further, easing my path to slip deeper between her thighs and allow my tongue to stroke up and down, first the outside of her pussy lips, and then down the centre of her wet cleft. She tasted sweeter than any pussy I'd known and smelled faintly of her sex and her perfume. My hands slipped around the top of her thighs and pulled her up towards my hungry mouth. She felt swollen, warm and slick as I pleasured her with long slow strokes, each one probing a little deeper into her and dwelling a little longer as it lapped over her clit. As soon as I brought two fingers around to slip inside her and allowed my tongue to concentrate on her clit, I felt her tense and knew she was going to cum.

I carefully ensured a teasingly slow start by curling my finger up inside her pussy towards her belly and making very slow circles around her clit with the tip of my tongue. The more I felt her pelvis try to rise off the sofa and push my tongue onto her, the more I slowed my movements and eased the pressure I applied. Inge's gentle moaning became louder and faster as I slowed, until a tiny scream came from the back of her throat and she made a huge thrust up towards my face. As her body anticipated the power of her climax her pussy muscles gripped my fingers like a vice.

Inge's eyes had been closed for several minutes, but as the fireworks in her head started they opened startlingly wide. Her arms stretched out and her body tensed, knowing the flash wildfire of her climax could no longer be stopped. The initial wave started deep in her pussy and washed out through every inch of her, not quite reaching her toes when the second wave started. Time after time the waves pushed out from her contracting pussy, pushing pleasure through her in a heart-stopping orgasm. I wondered if it would ever stop, and then she reacted to the gentle movements of my hand and mouth again as they worked her body to keep her in ecstasy as long as I could.

Without pulling my fingers out of her, I slid up so my face was next to hers. Inge's smile glowed and I kissed her softly and urged her to shuffle over so I could lie next to her.

"Wow." Inge sighed. "If I'd know this could feel that good... you'd have been getting more than a haircut for years." It felt good to hear some levity back in her voice.

If I expected a breather at this point, I was very wrong. Inge sat up quickly and restarted unbuttoning my shirt. When she was done with the last button I shook it off my arms for her and she went straight to work on my pants, finding and pulling down my zipper as soon as I stood up for her. As she pulled away my belt I could only watch as she grabbed both my pants and my underwear and pulled them off, slowly exposing my very vertical erection.

"I think you look beautiful." Inge's eyes didn't leave my bobbing cock as she completed the job of pulling my clothing away. "God, you're so hard."

She reached out to touch me, feeling my stiffness and smiling at the effect she'd had on me. I was as hard as I'd ever known and her hand felt the power of my excitement as she wrapped her fingers around the shaft tight enough to feel the blood pulsing through the veins and pumping up the dark red head.

I stood stock still as Inge brought both of her hands up and caressed my erection from both sides with her flat palms. It almost took my breath away when she brought her head forward and took me into her mouth.

Inge held me tenderly and sucked on me as her hands stroked me and caressed my balls. I closed my eyes and sighed as her soft pleasure continued, her hands never stopping their subtle movements and her mouth concentrating on the head of my bursting cock. I had always liked my cock touched but until then I liked a harder grip better, Inge's touch was softer and gentler but its ability to deliver pleasure was unparalleled in my experience.
