 This story is also available from HIS point of view, named "Personal Delivery (him)"

*****

I hung up the phone. Ken had just called to make sure I was home for the next hour or two. He was making deliveries in the area and I had ordered several items from the catalogue. My boys had just left for a friend's birthday party and, being a single mom, I had planned to use the time with an empty house wisely- in bed with a toy perhaps. I hadn't been with any guy for months, actually, so I was due for some fun private time.

I grabbed a few stray books and shoes that were lying around and put them away. How long would it be before Ken gets here, I thought, wondering if I had enough time for a round or two while my privacy lasted. Probably. I went upstairs to my room and sat on the bed.

"Why not?" I said aloud to nobody. The pants I was wearing weren't very comfortable, and if Ken arrived sooner than later, it would be an awkward delay before getting to the door if I had to put them back on. I slipped out of them and put on a jean skirt instead, leaving my panties in the laundry. Easy to cover up quickly and get to the door if need be.

I started to get comfortable, grabbing my vibrator from the side table drawer. I closed my eyes and immediately saw Ken's face. I snapped them open again in surprise. Why did I think of him now? It must have been a funny-looking grin that slid across my face. Wouldn't that be interesting, I thought.

Ken and I had been friends for a long time, had the same group of friends. I always thought he was attractive, maybe even boyfriend material, but nothing ever came of it before. I knew he was still single and...certain possibilities started to wander around my mind.

I got up, a little flustered. What was I thinking? He wouldn't want me, would he? I got up and went back downstairs, walked around, checking every part of the house for stuff to put away. I was nervous and it made me want to tidy up, though nothing was out of place. I thought of Ken again...and again. I felt silly.

TV was a good distraction. I liked the show that was on, and a whole hour went by quickly. When the show was over, I flipped through other channels. I hesitated on a romace movie that was playing, right in the middle of a sex scene. My hand went down automatically under my skirt and I started fingering myself gently, imagining that I was the girl in the movie, getting seduced by the handsome co-star.

Then I heard what sounded like a muffled bang from outside. I muted the TV to listen. Another bang...he was here. I hurriedly pulled my skirt back down and grabbed some tissues to wipe off my hand, stuffing them into my pocket afterward. (I loved this skirt!) I took a few deep breaths, hoping to relax before...

The doorbell rang abnormally loudly. I went back to the front door and opened it. "Hi, Ken," I said, and without thinking, "come on in!" I knew he was just delivering, and it was already paid for, so he needn't have stayed, but I wanted to see him for a minute.

"Hello," he said politely, and handed me a large bag of Tupperware I'd ordered. "You have a nice collection of new stuff, I think you'll enjoy it!"

"Thank you!" I said in a slightly higher voice than normal. "I'm so excited!" Oh, that sounded lame. I took the bag from him and turned quickly in case I was blushing, then decided to put it into the kitchen to look through later. I was excited, yes, but he thought I meant about the delivery. I could feel his eyes on me as I had my back turned, so I swung my hips a little more than usual. I dropped the bag on the counter and came back to the door. Ken was leaning on the small shelf by the door, looking like he was trying to be casual despite feeling nervous. Did he notice me? I watched his face as I came back.

"So...why is it so quiet in here?" he asked somewhat stiffly. He glanced over my shoulder for a moment. I told him about the boys being away at the friend's birthday party.

"It's been nice having the house to myself, nothing to do," I commented. "Anyway, it will be loud again in another two hours or so." I gave a quick laugh. He glanced around the room for a moment as I thought to myself, 'I could make it loud again with you, if you want, gorgeous'. I was still looking at him when he looked back at me. I faltered and the wind went out of me.

"S-So," I stammered, trying to recover from my momentary fantasy, "how many more bags do you have to deliver?" I stood stiffly not sure what answer I was hoping for. Could this be for real?

"Oh...uh..yours was the last, actually." he said and he jingled the keys in his hand. My heart skipped a beat. Was there a chance? "I'm heading home from here," he finished, flashing a smile that was meant to be polite, but I could see that he was hiding something. He cheeks turned the slightest pink. Was he thinking what I was thinking?

I thought furiously on how to keep him here, willing to grab any chance to get him to stay. "Well, can I get you a lemonade? It's a good day for it," I blurted. What was I saying? I began to get embarrassed and I felt blood rush to my face. It was time to be forward. "Ken, um..." I started, but choked. I wanted to kiss him so badly that I automatically went to take a step forward, but stopped just as suddenly. My heart started pounding and I felt short of breath. Ken's eyes dropped to my chest for a split second, then he looked away again.

He stopped leaning on the shelf and went to put down his keys on it instead. 'He is staying! Oh my god, he is staying!' I rushed forward and flung my arms around his neck and pulled him in for a kiss. When our lips touched, I realized how hungry I was for him. We kissed passionately for a few glorious moment. I needed more.

I took his hand and led him to the living room, but it felt like he was resisting for a moment. Maybe I needed to take it slow. There were two couches in the living room. The one by the wall was not visible from outside, but the one in front of the window was far more comfortable. I had sheer curtains, but I knew they mostly obscured the view from outside. I didn't care right now. We sat down in the middle of the comfy couch and resumed making out, faster and deeper than before. It wasn't enough!

I straddled him, still kissing, and I tried to undo my shirt buttons. They were tight and I couldn't even get the second button undone, my concentration all put into kissing. Ken must have sensed my disappointment because he took over for me, easily freeing me from those evil buttons. I thought he would go for my bra, but he just started stroking my back under my shirt. Oh, I liked that; he was so gentle and my skin tingled. But I knew I had something more to show off, so I undid the front of my bra and let the girls free.

I undid his shorts button and unzipped him. He was very hard now and I stroked him over his boxers for a little while, just to tease him. But I couldn't wait any longer. I took his chin in my hand and just said "Off!". He obeyed with a grin, quickly freeing himself in a matter of only moments. Boy, was he ready or what?

I grabbed him and lowered myself onto him. I hadn't realized how wet I was until that moment. He slid in all the way instantly, and he gasped. I was just as surprised! "Oh! Hi there!" I said, and we both laughed. I put my hands to his strong shoulders and began easing myself forward and back. He felt so good in me as he moved in an out smoothly.

I changed position, putting my feet up on the couch so I could take my own weight and ride his full length all the way in and out. He must have like it because in a matter of seconds he got rock hard. He swelled inside me. "Wow," I gasped. It stimulated me to go faster, almost subconsciously. "I felt that, sweetie!"

"Wow, yourself! You are amazing!" he blurted. I laughed and kissed him again and went faster. 'God, I'm glad you stayed', I thought. This position was working, stimulating all the right places for me, especially while he was so hard!

I started to concentrate, I was nearly there, right on the edge, 'don't you move, Ken', I thought. I thrust deeper and faster. I could feel myself starting to tighten and I squeezed Ken's shoulders in response. "Oh, yeah, yeah," I breathed, in rhythm with my movements as the entire inside of my body felt like a gathering electric storm, about to unleash itself.

And it did. I couldn't move; I was locked, paralyzed, as the orgasm surged through me, almost more than I could bear. And then Ken started thrusting himself into me, causing echo after echo of tingling tremors. I lost track of the concept of time as he slowly guided me back down to reality. I let out my breath in a moan and lowered myself to his face.

I felt so alive now, and it was his turn. I resumed my rhythm as before, watching Ken intently. His eyes widened and he drew a quick breath. I started to encourage him, "Yeah, baby, go! Fill me up." I wanted to take every drop he could give. "Give it to me!" and I kissed him hard, flicking his tongue with mine. I must go faster...

Ken's whole body started to get tense; he was close, I could tell. "I want to see you cum." I said, "Show me how much you like this!" He was still stroking my back, and I couldn't help but tremble, but I kept pumping for all I was worth. I moved so that my breasts were right in front of his face. He kissed them gently, giving me more shivers with each touch. His head snapped back and he started moaning.

"Ahh...oh...ya!" he breathed. I tried to go even faster and grinned with expectation; I had his full attention.

I whispered to him assuringly, "Yes, I've got you." Oh he was close, I could feel it now. "Come to me". Ken let out half a breath then became completely ridgid for a moment. He took hold of my hips and thrust himself as deep as possible. I felt him cum inside me, warm and full, pulsing over and over. It set me off again too, not as powerfully as before, but enough that my mouth opened involuntarily. I kept riding him, making every moment of this count as he convulsed with pleasure, until he relaxed with a sigh. We each stared into the other's eyes, savoring the delightful moment in time. I fell onto his chest, breathing heavily after the workout. He was still hard in me, so I continued to rock back and forth, prolonging our intimacy as long as possible. I could have stayed like this forever.

But it was finished. Sadly, I sat up and pulled the half-used tissues from my pocket to clean up. Ken turned away for a moment and pulled his shorts back on, but I didn't feel like buttoning up just yet. Besides, my breasts were so perky then, I just had to show them off a bit more. I made sure they were on proper display before he turned around. He came to me, embraced my bare waist and I put my arms around his neck. Ken started to say something but then stopped and just kissed me instead.

"I think we both needed that very bady," I gushed. "I know I did." I held him, putting my head on his chest. I wanted to have him again, and I laughed to myself at what I was going to say. "Maybe I should make another order from you? You'll still deliver it personally, right?" It may have sounded corny, but I didn't care. He was still breathing deeply.

"Yes," he said, "but only when you have the house to yourself, I think." I grinned and nodded excitedly at the flirtatious reply. I assured him that I'd make sure it was and then gave him another big hug. I knew he had to leave, but I suppose we had another encounter to look forward to some other day.

I did myself back up as I watched him get into his car, and then I walked back into the kitchen to look at my new stuff. I noticed a new catalogue at the bottom, stamped with Ken's name and number. I bit my lip unconsciously and started flipping through. I had to decide what would be a good 'excuse' to see Ken again!

*****

I encourage you to read the story from HIS point of view in "Personal Delivery (him)". You may enjoy learning how he experienced this encounter.