 The story so far: Annie Lloyd is a widow who suffered the loss of her husband while sustaining a near crippling injury. Her recovery takes her back to the gym, where she notices a new personal trainer, Abel Williams, who is twenty years younger than her. Abel notices Annie as well and Abel appreciates an older woman. Before he and her can get together, an old boss and friend of Annie's, Jack Colson, sweeps back into her life, proposing marriage. Annie, knowing Jack is an incorrigible womanizer, doesn't accept his offer, but does take him up on his second offer, temporary employment to help him get ready for an audit called by the companies' board of directors. Before she leaves for the temp job, she literally runs into Abel at the gym and as one thing leads to another, they go to bed together. Abel makes it clear that he wants to see her again. Annie is confused by Abel's and Jack's attentions and doesn't know what she wants. She goes to Syracuse, where Jack's company is located, and immediately is confronted by Jack's lover JuJu. Jack introduces Annie as his fiancé. But Juju doesn't accept defeat easily and continues to pursue Jack. Annie discovers that someone is stealing from the company and she wants to meet the board of the directors that are so hot to audit the company. The story picks up at a cookout at Jack's father's house that Jack arranged for Annie to meet the family. 

#

Saturday morning I drove out to Jack's father's house in the trendy section of Syracuse if there is one. For all its big school bravura, the townie side of Syracuse was a sprawling mess of turn of the century homes that barely cling onto their value. Jack's father's house, though, was another matter. A two story grey block home set off from the street. Tall trees and neatly trimmed shrubs obscured its view. A long, curved drive brought you to the door, if it wasn't already clogged with the cars of guests. Which it was. I found a spot down the street and walked to the house. 

No one answered the front doorbell, so I walked down a little hill to the side looking for the party. There were a few knots of people I didn't know, so I walked past them, to the back, where a wide and long lawn stretched back to a white privacy fence. Lawn chairs littered the carefully groomed lawn. A couple round tables with sun umbrellas stood the left of the yard. A bluestone patio, tucked under the overhand of an upper story stretched out from the back of the house. Several long banquet tables were butted up against each other, waiting to be filled with food. Further back, next a set of French doors, sat a portable party bar. That, of course, was were I found Jack.

"There you are," he said with a smile. He pulled me to his side and gave me a quick kiss.

"Really, Jack."

"Ready to meet the family?"

"Not without a drink."

Jack mixed a mimosa and handed it to me.

"Let me know when you're fortified," he said.

I sucked down the mimosa, and nodded my head. "Yeah, I'm ready now."

"Good." He took me for a quick turn around the yard, introducing me to the people there, but there wasn't that many yet, so we were back at the bar quickly. He mixed me another drink. I set it down on the bar. 

"Why don't you show me around the place? That is if you can tear yourself away from bar keeping duties."

He pushed open the double doors. "After you."

I entered what must be the basement. An out-of-style pit sofa group dominated the right hand side of the floor sitting in front of a large fireplace faced with granite. Wood paneling covered the walls. On the left was a hot tub.

"You know Syracuse," said Jack."Always cold. Hardly worth the effort to put in a pool outside."

"Yep," I agreed.

He led me up a flight of stairs that brought us to the first floor. We came out in the kitchen where a blonde haired woman was looking through cabinets.

"What do you need, Midge," said Jack. 

"I'm looking for another bowl, to divvy up the potato salad."

"Midge, I told you that you didn't need to bring anything. The caterer will be here any minute with the food."

"You are the only person I know that hires a caterer for a cook-out," she said. She turned. "Ooh, who's this."

"This is Annie. Annie, Midge, my cousin."

"Annie? The Annie?" She gave me an appraising look. 

The doorbell rang. Jack leaned over to look through the large window in the dining room. 

"That's the caterer. Excuse me, I'll be right back."

Midge found a bowl and spooned half of the salad into the empty bowl.

"You're not at all what I expected," she said, her back to me. "You aren't like Jack's usual girl." She turned to me, and gave me a fake smile holding out a bowl. "Be a dear and take this down to the table."

"Sure," I said, more than happy to get away from Midge. If this was a sampling of Jack's relatives, maybe he was the nice one. That was a sobering thought. 

Jack was in the back directing the caterer. 

"Delivery. One bowl of potato salad," I said.

"Lord. Can't you chuck it?" he said.

"Jack!" I hissed. The woman was coming up right behind me.

Jack moved in close as if to kiss me.

"I prefer not to be poisoned by my family's cooking," he whispered.

"It can't be that bad."

"Go ahead. Taste it. I dare you." And looking behind me he said to Midge. "Why don't you put that one back in the fridge. It will give me something to eat later." 

She looked doubtful. "Sure, Jack." She turned and retreated back into the house. In the meantime I stuck my finger at the edge of the bowl and tasted.

"Oh my God," I said. It was beyond awful. It was gut wrenching. "How does someone make something that bad."

"None of my family has the cooking gene. None."

"Hence the caterer," I said. 

"Hence the caterer," replied Jack. 

"How did you survive?"

"I discovered restaurants at an early age."

"Where's the trash?" I asked.

He pointed and I tipped the potato salad into it.

"You're bad," he laughed.

"Now to hide the evidence."

"What evidence?" Midge was behind me, a sour look on her face.

"I'm so sorry, Midge. I tripped and spilled the salad."

"I'll get the other bowl."

"No, let me make myself useful. I'll get it." Ignoring the daggers in her eyes, I hurried off into the house and up the stairs. 

Finding the other bowl of potato salad in the fridge, I disposed of that too.

"Who are you? And what are you doing?"

Looking over my shoulder, I saw an elderly man in a wheelchair.

"Are you Jack's dad?" 

"Yes."

"I'm Annie."

"Oh, the famous Annie," he said dryly.

"Geez, how much does Jack talk about me?"

"I've heard nothing else but. I understand you have the books whipped into shape."

"Not quite. Getting there."

"You aren't what I expected, based on Jack's tastes in women."

"Oh really?" I was getting tired of hearing that.

"But maybe that boy of mine is finally getting smart."

"Do you want to go outside? Join the party?"

"What? Spend time with that crowd. You're welcome to them."

"Okay, then."

"But I wouldn't mind the show."

"What show?"

"When you meet them."

"Well, I see where Jack gets his wicked ways," I said.

The man grinned. "There is a portable ramp for the front door. From there the driveway will get us to the back. I'll show you the way."

There was a lightweight aluminum ramp in the corner by the front door. I grabbed it, and with some maneuvering, opened the door and laid it down. It clung on the threshold and sloped gently down to the walkway. 

"Ready," I said. "Let's go, Mr. Colson." 

"Jim," he said reaching up his hand and laying it on top of mine.

I pushed the chair and the man down to the grass, and went back up and pulled the door closed. Soon I had Jack's father wheeled to the backyard.

Midge came up and made all sorts of noises of concern, and while Jim rolled his eyes, I promised to get him a drink.

Jack was back at the bar, this time mixing Strawberry Daiquiris.

"I need something for your father," I said.

He frowned. "If the old man wants something, he can come down here."

"He is." I pointed to Jim, hovered over by Midge.

"How did...?" Jack stared in amazement.

"I brought him down. He wanted to watch the "show"while you introduce me to the relatives."

Jack shook his head. "Here," he said pouring his daiquiris mixture into a small plastic glass. "Give him this, and tell him to take it easy. He's only getting one."

"Jack!"

"He has to watch his sugar. Diabetes."

"Oh, okay." I took the drink over to Jim and handed it to him.

The man took it with relish. "Hmm, Jack always does a good one of these."

"Uncle," said Midge. "You shouldn't..."

"Shush, woman. If I ain't dead yet, it doesn't hurt me to have a little bit of something good."

Midge face screwed up like she was sucking on a lemon. And then she looked at me.

"Where's the potato salad?"

"Oh, sorry. Dropped that one too."

"You're very clumsy," she said.

"Apparently. Hmm, the caterer has put out a good spread. And look, potato salad. Jim, would you like me to put together a plate for you."

"Sure."

"Now, Uncle Jim, I can do that for you," said Midge. "We shouldn't monopolize Annie's time."

"No, I don't mind," I said. "Jack's busy tending bar. Jim, let me set you up under one of those tables with umbrella's.

"Thanks, Annie." He gave me a wink.

I set him up at the table, making sure his back was to the sun.

"I'll be right back."

The caterer was busy grilling hamburgers and hotdogs on the patio. Jack saw me.

"Annie," he said motioning me to come to him.

"What."

He grabbed my left hand and jammed the engagement ring on my finger.

"You went through my desk?"

"I can't believe you left a seven thousand dollar ring in your desk. Are you crazy?"

"Please, you wouldn't have paid retail for something like this. But it was better than leaving it in the hotel room. At least I lock my desk and the office door."

"Well, it wasn't safe."

"Apparently."

"My father loves you."

"How can you tell?"

"Has he spit on you yet?"

"No, of course not." I was appalled he'd say something like that about his father.

"Then he loves you. Good call on steering him away from Midge. She was two minutes shy of getting a spittle bath."

"I better get his food. Anything he can't eat?"

"Yeah, his words."

"You are so fucking charming, you know it?"

He smiled. "I do."

I grabbed a burger, sans bun, and a few salad things, as well as some sausage and peppers, keeping the portions on the small side.

"Here you go, Jim. You want more, let me know."

"Rats. Jack told you about the diabetes."

"Hey, I'm just the help."

"Has Jack introduced you to the family?"

"Not all of them yet."

"Good, I'll introduce you as my nurse."

I patted his hand. "You do that."

"Where'd you get that ring?" he said his eyes wide.

"Cracker Jack box. You'd be surprised how much better the prizes are now."

"I can't eat Cracker Jack. The kernels get stuck in my dentures."

"Too bad."

"Seriously, my boy gave you that?"

"What can I say? I'm irresistible."

There was a bit of a commotion up by the patio. Jim swore and I looked up. JuJu, outfitted in a form fitting white dress, flung her arms around Jack's neck. Another man, of similar size and build, but with brown hair, stood by both of them.

"Tad," hissed Jim.

"Who's Tad?"

"Midge's brother. My sister's boy. But who's that woman?"

"That is JuJu. One of your employees."

"She seems awful friendly with Jack."

"She always does." Figuring this was my cue, I went to the little group.

"JuJu, I'm surprised to see you here. I thought you were on vacation."

She turned and gave me a stare that would kill. Then she smiled a wide crocodile like grin. "I'm Tad's date," she said brightly while hanging on Jack. 

"I can see that," I said. "Hope you have a good time at the party." I stared back at her, and her arms slid off Jack. "The caterer has set up a great spread. Why don't you help yourself?"

"Will do, once Jack mixes me a drink. I'll have a dirty martini, darling."

"I'll have someone bring it over to you," he said, frowning.

"Oh, okay," she said with a disappointed pout. "I'll catch up with you later, sweetie."

"Not if I can help it," Jack muttered under his breath. He looked absolutely livid as she and Tad walked towards the table with the food.

"Something wrong, sweetie," I said.

"Shut up," Jack said.

#

I watched Jack as his eyes followed JuJu as Tad greeted different family members.

"So, he's on the board?"

"Yes, Midge is too." 

"Who else?"

"Um," he lifted his hand and pointed to man standing over Jim. "Teddy, my uncle's son."

"Another cousin. And?"

He pointed to a woman in a red and black floral dress. "Sylvia, my uncle's daughter."

"That's it?"

"Well, my father, of course, and his lawyer, Robert, who hasn't shown yet."

I pinched the bridge of my nose with my fingers.

"Jack, why is your company's board of directors made up entirely of family members?" 

"Dad thought it was the best way to keep an eye on them."

"Well, he was wrong."

"What do you mean by that?"

I had my suspicions, but I didn't have any proof. And I did't want to make accusations without it. "You know, I've got to use the little girls room. Later."

I entered the house through the sliding door and went up the stairs. The first floor bathroom was closed. I knocked, and someone said "A minute." But things were getting a little urgent for me, so I went upstairs. Testing the doors, one was open, and I went in it. Only it was a bedroom, and from look of it, with the railing at the bed and medications on the dresser, it was Jim's. There was door to the left, which I surmised must be a bathroom. 

Wrong again. Instead, the door opened to a two tier desk with security cameras mounted around it. Every room in the bottom floors and the backyard was covered. "What the hell?" Feeling very creeped out now, I left and finally found the bathroom, used it, and went back downstairs. 

Jack was standing next to someone new, a man with dark hair. He was holding a beer. 

"Annie, let me introduce you. This Robert Anson, our family lawyer."

Robert stuck out his hand and I took it.

"Congratulations, I hear, on your engagement. Listen, this isn't the place, but let's get together in the next couple days to go over the pre-marital agreement."

"Robert," said Jack in a warning tone.

"You know your father insists."

"Oh, there isn't a hurry, Robert," I said. "We haven't set a date yet."

"But Jack said...oh, I'm sorry if I ruined a surprise." 

"Jack?" I said. 

He put his arm around my waist and kissed my cheek.

"I thought while you were up here, we'd pop over to Niagara Falls."

"Oh, Jack. Your sense of cliché is not honed finely enough. I was thinking a Vegas wedding, your know, one with an Elvis as the chaplain and another Elvis singing "Love Me Tender." With a smile I twisted away from him. "I'll go check on your father."

"Oh, there's my nurse," Jim said to the two people with him, JuJu and Tad. "Where have you been? Never mind. Be a good girl and get me a beer."

"I'll have to check with Mr. Colson," I said sweetly, playing up the joke.

"I'm Mr. Colson," he said peevishly. 

"No, I mean that tall and handsome one over there. I waved my hand in Jack's direction, and that huge diamond caught the sunlight. I heard JuJu gasp. She grabbed my hand and turned it over, studying it."

"Where'd you get that?" she hissed through clenched teeth.

"It was in my desk, I mean, your desk. Jack said I could keep it."

She turned three successive shades of red as she struggled for speech before Tad gripped her arms and steered her away. 

"Well, all the time she's been here this is the first time I've seen her speechless," said Jim. "I'm liking you more by the minute. But I'd like you better if you get me a beer."

"Tell you what? I'll get me a beer and you can watch me drink it."

"Spoilsport."

#

The party whined down, guests left, and the caterers packed up and left after getting a check from Jack. Even Midge left, but JuJu and Tad were still hanging around. 

"Hey, Jack. You don't mind if we take a soak in the hot tub."

"No," said Jack dismissively. "There's suits and towels in the closet by the stairs."

Jim looked worn out. Jack and I arrived at his table the same time.

"Come on, dad, I'll get you upstairs," said Jack.

"No, let my nurse do it," he said. Jack gave him a quizzical look.

"He calls me his nurse," I said. 

"Annie, you don't mind? Jack leaned over and spoke quietly in my ear. "This is most difficult part of the day when he starts to lose it a bit. He can be quite a handful."

'I'm sure we'll do just fine," I said though my leg was starting to get sore from all the walking. "Come on, Jim. Let's get you settled."

I got Jim into the house and helped steady him so he could sit on the electric chair that would take him upstairs. 

"There's another wheelchair in the room on the right. Can you get it please?"

"Sure." I pushed up the stairs, my knee complaining and got the wheelchair. Jim rode up to the second floor, and stood and sat.

"You can walk, can't you?" I said. 

"Just a few steps. I get tired, and I'm not all that steady. And my neuropathy gets bad if I spend too much time on my feet."

"Do you do physical therapy?"

"No. What's the point? I'm old and I'm going to die anyway."

I shook my head. He sounded just like Jack. 

"Be a good girl and get my pajama's out for me. I'm going to take care of the necessaries." 

He rolled to the bathroom and I went into his room looking through the drawers for pajamas. I found a pair, and put them on the bed. As I turned to go back out the door I caught something on the security cameras that drew my attention. 

JuJu and Tad were in the hot tub, but judging from JuJu's tits bouncing in the water, they weren't wearing suits. 

I moved to leave the room when I saw Jack, equally naked slide feet first into the tub. I bit my lip as I saw Jack glide over to her, and kiss her hard on the lips, she returning it. He pinched one nipple, while Tad pinched another and she writhed in the water. Jack's hand slid under the water, and I could only imagine he was going for her clit. Judging by how she spread her legs, that's exactly what he did. Tad's hand was at her backside while he licked and nibbled her spine. At little look of surprise came over her face as Tad worked his hand underwater. She bucked a bit then, her orgasm washing over her face while she twitched. Tad pulled her on top of his lap, and she gasped again as he pulled her down tight on him. He nibbled her ear as Jack sucked hard on one tit, then another. Her back arched, and he pulled back. Tad slid forward a little bit putting his arms on the railing, taking JuJu with him as if she were joined to him, which she probably was. 

I watched in morbid fascination as Jack spread her legs and grabbing her hips pushed himself forward. At the same time he pulled her down harder on him. JuJu's face twisted as if she were moaning, oh, oh, oh and Jack pumped harder, both JuJu and Tad moving back and forth in the water as he thrust. Tad threw back his head, and his mouth opened as he wailed, grabbing the edge of the tub tighter. 

JuJu came apart from Tad then, and Jack pulled back. He turned her around and pushed her over the edge of the tub, her tits laying on the edge showing her red and swollen tips to the monitors. His cock was still straight up, the head purple in its heat. Holding her hips tight, He pushed once again hard and fierce to gain her ass. She cried out a bit, maybe in protest. Jack pumped furiously then, her tits flying forward and back, and tears actually streamed down her face. But she didn't stop him. Instead I saw her mouth the words, "Harder, fuck me harder." God help me, he did. He was like a madman, his face twisted between rage and lust as he thrust back and forth brutally in her ass. Finally she cried out, and Jack soon after, breathing so hard it took him a bit to get a hold of himself. She turned and tried to kiss him, but he pushed her away into Tad's arms who wrapped around her, kissing her gently. 
