 You would think that since I got off last night, that my dick wouldn't be so much of a pest in the morning. And you'd be wrong. The dream that got everything going was a replay of last night. Only instead of Cindy it was Miz Cool I was fucking. Her broad, round ass was under me as I gripped her hips, pulled her to me and slipped inside. Heaven. 

I woke up then, my cock rock solid. 

Fuck.

I grabbed my cock with my hand, sliding up and down the shaft, looking to get this over quickly. But there are some things you just can't rush. I was getting into a rhythm though, feeling the rush that told me I was close. And then the phone rang. 

I tried to ignore it, but there is no ignoring that noise, so I picked it up. The number was blocked.

"Hello, sweetie." I didn't recognize the voice. 

"Um, who is this?"

"Cindy. Or have you forgotten me already?"

"Ah, no. But how did you get my number?"

She giggled. 

"Your business card was on the floor."

Shit. It must have fallen out when I got the condom. 

"Well, isn't that lucky for me," I said.

"Whatcha doing?"

"Um, jerking off."

"Oh, well, why don't you come over and I'll take care of that for you."

"Can't. I have to get to work."

"On Saturday?"

"Yes." She didn't need any more information than that. 

"You were so hot last night. I dreamed about you all night."

"I dreamed about you, too," I lied. Well, it was almost the truth.

"I liked how you licked my tits. Do you know what I'm doing right now?"

"No," I said.

"I'm pinching my nipples with my fingers. It hurts so good. I wish they were your fingers, your rough, hard fingers. I like things rough."

My hand slid up and down my cock again, by phone cradled between my shoulder and my ear. "I noticed."

"I'm pinching one nipple very, very hard. And my other hand is rubbing my snatch. I can't help it. You make me so hot, Abel."

"Ah," I said. I lost the ability to speak right then.

"I want you in me, Abel. I need your cock in me. I need you to fuck me, hard."

"Oh." My hand pulled on my cock faster and harder.

"Fuck me, Abel. Harder. Deeper. Oh, yes. More please, more. Pound me, baby. Fuck me. Harder. Fuck. Oh, fuck! FUCK!" Those words and the sounds of her orgasm sent me over the edge. My cum shot onto my chest. 

"Oh," she said when her breathing slowed. "That was good."

"Yes, it was," I admitted through scrambled thoughts.

"Let's get together and do that in person."

"Sure," I said.

"Great! Tonight. I'll meet you at the bar." And her phone clicked off before I could beg off. 

A great many things went through my head after I got off the phone with Cindy. I wasn't sure if I wanted to meet Cindy tonight. I needed to get my laundry done, since I didn't get it done last night. Also I needed to get to work soon. I stripped the sheets, wiping my chest and sticky hands with them, and stuffed the sheets in my laundry bag. A quick shower, and shave, throwing on my work clothes and dragging the laundry bag, I was out the door. My feet pounded down the stairs from my second floor apartment to the parking lot and I pulled up short.

Where the hell was my car?

My assigned parking space was empty.

Shit. My heart pounding I called the police. 

"I want to report a stolen car."

The dispatcher took my name and address and told me to hold on. After a few minutes she came back on the line. 

"Mr. Williams, your car wasn't stolen. It was repossessed."

"That's impossible. I don't owe any money on the car."

"Say's right here, Mr. Williams that the owner of the car took possession through Big Dick's Auto Recovery. The papers were filed in the station last night. I suggest you call the owner."

I lowered the phone from my ear in shock. 

Lynn. Fucking Lynn. Sure when we bought the car, Lynn's name was on it because her credit was better than mine. But I paid for it, every dime. Hands shaking I called the bitch.

She answered the phone sweetly.

"Hello?"

"What the fuck, Lynn. Where the fuck is my car?"

"Your car?" Her voice was all innocence. "That's not what the title says."

"I swear to fucking god," I started.

"Swear what, Abel? What are you going to do about it?"

"I'll take you to court. I have all the fucking receipts."

"Sure, baby," she said her voice like honey, "You can do that. But its gonna take awhile, you know? Filing the papers, getting them served, the court date. Maybe you will get the car back, if I still have it."

"God damn it!"

"And Abel, sweetie, you might want to get a new phone, because the service on the one in your hand... I just shut that off."

"Fuck you!"

"As if you could." The line went dead.

#

The ringing cell phone woke me. Both our iPhones were sitting on the table by the bed. Jack had called his dad to check on him. I called my son and asked him to feed the cats in the morning. Jack wasn't kidding about the one shot, so we watched movies until we both fell asleep. 

I picked up the phone in my sleepy state. 

"Who the fuck is this?" said a shrill female voice. Damn, I had picked up Jack's phone. 

"I'm Jack's sister. Who are you?" In point of fact, Jack did have a sister. Another point of fact she died ten years previous. But the woman soon proved she didn't know that. 

"Oh, I'm looking for Jack."

"And you are?"

"Juju."

"Juju," I repeat for Jack's benefit. 

Jack was awake now, giving me an "aw shit" look.

"Jack, Jack," I called out loudly. "Juju is on the phone for you."

Jack reached over my arm grabbing for the phone. I wouldn't yield it. He sat up, leaned in, and snatched it away. 

"Oh hi, baby. No. I had to go take care of my dad. Yeah, Carol came this morning to spell me. No, I'm not sure when I'll be home."

"Home?" I thought.

"I should be back by tonight. Yeah, you too."

I tried my best to give him a disapproving glare, and honest-to-god he had a look of fear in his eyes. But I couldn't hold it, and I started laughing. This was stereotypical Jack, hiding secrets. I wondered what else he was hiding. 

"Shut up," he said sounding a little pissed.

"There was any number of ways I could have handled that call. Most of them would have you sleeping alone tonight."

"Yeah, thanks," he mumbled. 

I sat up and put my hands around my knees.

"So who's Juju?"

"Um, the receptionist at dad's factory."

"Really, Jack? How many times have I told you not to swim in the company pool?" Jack got himself into real trouble at our last job by failing to keep his pants zipped. I had to slap him around verbally until he behaved. 

He bit his lip, which, by the way, did not make him appear adorable.

"Don't you see? This is why I need you! You keep me on the straight and narrow. I don't fuck up when you are around."

"Oh, so you didn't "retire" after I left?"

He shook his head, his dirty secret out now. 

"And this is why you are working at your father's factory?"

"Well, it is true he did go into a decline after mom died."

"Spill it, Jack." I said. I knew there was more. 

He sighed.

"The books were kept sloppy. The board of directors called for an audit."

I drew in a deep breath. Now I know why Jack descended on me. Part of my old job was keeping the many auditors off our backs. 

"Who is the fiduciary, you or your dad?"

He groaned. "Me."

Fuck. If things were bad enough Jack could wind up in jail. 

"Asshole! Why didn't you check things out before you agreed to that?"

"He was sick. I didn't think my own father..."

From who did he think he inherited his less enduring traits? "You really are off your game." 

"Come and help me. I'll make it worth your while."

"No."

"Now you are just being stubborn."

"I spent five years babysitting you, Jack. I did my duty."

"And I made sure you got the money you were worth. And I'll do it again."

I glanced away. Totally sober, this was fucking weird, sitting in bed naked with my old boss, him begging me to work for him again. 

"Look," he said. "You lost everything after that accident; your savings, your house. Look where you are living."

Now I was pissed. "You don't have to be insulting," I said.

He leaned over and kissed me. "I'm not trying insult you. You deserve better, is all. And I can give it to you."

"I don't know," I said. 

"Aww, come on," he said. "I have one hell of an employee benefits package."

"I'm not sure. I'm not even used to the 'friends with benefits' package."

He smiled. "We can work on that too."

I looked into Jack's dark eyes. Oh, in Jack's screwed up sense of morality he would marry me just to have his favorite lieutenant pull his ass out of the fire. And he masterfully played on my every weakness, my loneliness, and current financial difficulties. But there were many devils in this world, and not all of them with cloven hooves and horns. I was looking at one of them right now. My question was, do I choose the devil I know?

And right now that devil was nibbling on my neck. 

Jack's plan of attack was very methodical. First he nibbled my ear until a few sounds escaped my mouth. They might have been, "Oh god, Jack," or "More, do that more." Certainly they were not "Fuck me, Jack," because as good as everything was last night, I was sure that would be a mistake.

His tongue was relentless though, moving to the back of my ear, the sensations of his lapping tongue driving electric tingles to my clit. Where he was really diabolical though was when he moved to back of my neck. His teeth nipped the sensitive spot under my hairline followed by wet, hot lashes of that marvelous tongue. 

Fuck me. An image hit me of when I caught Jack doing the very same thing to one of my employees in his office. That sobered me faster than a pail of cold water thrown on my naked body. I sat up abruptly. 

"I'm going to take a shower," I announced. I didn't give him a chance to answer. Pushing myself up off the bed, I limped into the bathroom. 

The hot water flowed over my body as I hung onto the handicap handles in the shower. I heard him walk into the bathroom and take a long piss in the toilet. So ordinary, so common, our actions, me in the shower, him using the toilet, like two people who knew each for years. Comfortable.

Only I wasn't comfortable. I was distinctly uncomfortable. Especially when he pushed aside the shower curtains and stepped inside.

"I'd like a little privacy," I snapped looking at him over my shoulder. 

"Why?"he smirked. He honest-to-god smirked. What a bastard.

"I will never drink around you again," I announced. I turned my face back to the water.

I heard something like a cap snapped, and then a bottle settling somewhere on the tub. He reached around and started rubbing my nipples, something foaming in his hands. Soap.

Oh god. The slickness of the soap and his restless hands brought both nipples to attention, the nubs standing out like little soldiers in his fingers. Pleasure ripped up and down my spin as the rivets of water splashed down my shoulders. He stepped back, and I was left hanging there a second from the stall handles, my knees too weak to move myself. I heard the cap snap open again.

"Jack," I said.

"Ssh," he said in my ear, pushing himself against me. His right hand reached around settling on my mound, swirling his fingers in my pubic hair around clit. Probing lower his fingers found the entrance to my pussy. He stroked up and down, grazing my clit and poking the ends of fingers into me, holding me up as I slid further into a place of no reason. Resting my clit in the palm of his hand, he slid his fingers in me. He took a half-step back, and began to rub my ass with his soaped left hand. Next he slid his fingers on my lower back. His index found my butt hole, making little circles around it. With firms strokes of his index finger, the soap-lubed rosebud of my ass he pressed in his finger slowly, so very slowly. His other three fingers reached up my pussy to greet his brothers there. 

Oh. My. God. I gasped.

Leaning against me, he pushed his finger in deeper up my ass, and then moved fingers in the front back and forth, slowly building up a rhythm. My hips rocked over his hands. 

"Cum for me, baby," he whispered in my ear, his breath hot and thick. "I want to hear it."

"I'm close."

With that he picked up the pace, front and back, the sensations building in force so that I no longer felt his fingers as separate assaults on different parts of my body. The pleasure merged, pushing electric currents that pulsed up my spine. A whimper and then a scream escaped my throat. My orgasm crashed on me, blanking all thought except for my cumming's white heat, and the convulsions of my pussy. Finally, I just slumped against him and he slid his fingers out of me. 

When my breathing got back to normal, I turned ready to repeat the favor. But I did not see what I expected. Jack's cock just hung there, unperturbed. I must have stared.

"Don't worry about that, darlin'," he said. "I used my last Viagra last night. You can always make it up to me later."

I sighed. "Take me home, Jack."

#

In the driveway of my little rented condo, I tried to give Jack back the ring. His hand closed over mine.

"Keep it," he said. "I said I was serious."

"But I'm not," I said. 

He gave me a cocky smile. "Not yet, anyway. Now get out of the car."

I stared at him.

"Get out of the car," he ordered. "You can't start missing me until I'm gone."

I raised my eyebrows but I did anyway. 

"I'll call you," he said as I shut the door. Then he pulled down the driveway and gunned his engine down the street. 

Jerk. He didn't even give me a goodbye kiss.