 My legs pumped up and down on the pedals of the exercise bike. It was a steady rhythm measured against the war between my stamina and my body's protests. I was, most definitely out of shape. Confined to bed for three months, I had put on weight and I didn't need any extra fat to begin with. 

Unlike some people, I've never enjoyed exercise. The weakened state of my body made the physical work even more onerous. Even with my iPhone plugged into my favorite music station, and the Kindle app fired up with a book, I was bored. My eyes roved over the length of the gym, checking out different guys. I had picked the wrong time of day to come. Close to noon, most of the men were retired older fellas, not too buff and none too interesting. Either they were out of shape or very skinny. Most of the good lookers were in their twenties, much too young for a mid-aged lady like me. I suppose considering the state of my own body I shouldn't have been too judgmental, but a girl likes what a girl likes. 

Ahead of me, in the machine area, two twenty-something women were laughing, getting progressively louder. The excitement in their voices rose and I glanced over to see what the fuss was about. Oh my! There was something to fuss about. Helping the two skinny young things, adjusting the weights on the machine, was a man somewhere in his thirties, early forties. But it wasn't his age that was the standout. The first thing I noticed were the tattoos up and down his tanned and well muscles arms. With him wearing a black tank, it was easy to see that the designs spread well under his shirt and across his chest. Normally I don't like that much ink on a man, but something about the way they played across his well-developed muscles was fascinating.

His attention was in setting up the weights and talking to the girls, laughing and smiling, giving me a few extra seconds to drink him in. He wasn't all that tall, perhaps 5'8", but that was tall enough for me. His dark hair was shaved to almost nothing, again a look I don't usually appreciate. It was his eyes, an electric ice blue that melted me. One could get lost in eyes like that, especially if his lips were pressed against mine.

Whoa! Those eyes shifted away from the girls, and my own snapped back to the bank of television screens hanging from the ceiling ahead of me. "Watch it, Annie," I told myself. It wouldn't do to be caught staring. Did he notice? As my heart curdled in embarrassment, he walked slowly, perhaps too slowly, to the next weight machine and struck up a conversation with a guy there. With his back turned to me I could see his best asset yet, beautifully tight and round butt cheeks. It was easy to image those globes meeting with thighs as hotly developed as his arms.

My imagination shifted into overdrive, I thought about what his cock must look like. That was it. I was doomed. My legs pumped harder as my heart did, and I felt the warmth spread down my torso to the tingling space between my legs. My underwear couldn't entirely sop up my flowing juices and I was glad I was wearing winter weight sweat pants.

He walked away from his friend and headed back deep into the weights area. Greeting some of the guys back there, he struck up the conversation with a man by the hand weights. I wondered then if he was gay, since he all he did was chat up people, and more guys than women. Well, that didn't stop me from looking, or stop the horny thoughts in my head. One good thing was that all this attention I spent on him paid off in extra minutes on the bicycle. But it was time to work on something else.

I lost track of him then as I got off the stationary bike and limped over to the treadmills to the left of me. The car accident that shattered my leg and my life left me with a limp that I was desperately trying to work off. The doctor said it was possible, if I worked hard enough. It was true I was making progress. I only shed my cane a month ago, and the walker two months before that. Still I was self-conscious about how it looked when I walked. 

Navigating the big step up to the treadmill always took a minute. I had to make sure my weaker left leg didn't give under me as I climbed up. By the time I got the treadmill going, I had no idea where he went. Suddenly I saw him come right down the aisle where I was. How did he get there from the other end of the gym? While I couldn't help but to admire the fluid grace of his muscles under his clothes, I also was embarrassed he might have seen me walking. As he walked away toward the changing rooms, I concentrated on the treadmill, working up the rhythm to match to the flow of the belt under my feet. Five minutes into the treadmill, he came walking out the changing rooms, gym back slung under his arm. 

He had changed into some light sweats and a sweat jacket, sadly hiding his wonderful tats and his magnificent arms. I kept my eyes forward to the television screens, watching out the corner of my eyes him walk up the aisle. He stopped to speak to a pregnant girl on the treadmill on the opposite side of the aisle from me. The conversation carried on for quite some time, with him seeming to try to find new topics of conversation with this woman. Gods, he was a chatty guy. I debated whether to work my leg with the weights, but decided against it. Just thinking about him made my muscles melt and I had no more strength in me to work on anything else. Punching the button to stop the machine, I limped out of the gym to my car. 

I couldn't stop thinking about him on the short drive home, the sensations between my legs begging for attention. Then in the rearview mirror I noticed a black car edging too close to me. I picked up my speed, and the car behind sped up as well. I tore down the residential street and the black car followed at the same pace. Up ahead was the stoplight, where I'd turn left to go home. What should I do? Drive past my street and drive around to make sure I wasn't followed? That whole idea was frightening. 

As it turned out, I didn't have to make any decisions. The black car pulled up to my right, to take that turn to a main thoroughfare. I turned my head to see the driver. It was he! Our eyes locked for a brief second, and then the light changed and he took the right turn hard, speeding down the road carelessly.

Two minutes more and I was home. I was breathing hard, both from my horny thoughts and the thrill of that weird car chase. It was nothing. It had to mean nothing. He was just going the same direction I was. That was all. He turned off where he should have. Still adrenaline sped through my blood, and it didn't take much for my hand to find the soft folds of skins between my legs. Lying down on my bed, tugging my workout pants down past my knees, I thought of the things I wanted to do to him. My fingers swirled around my clit, the delicious feelings of arousal fueling my thoughts. 

In my mind he was laying on my bed, beautifully naked, his cock standing straight up as I knelt between his legs. Bending over so my full breasts rubbed against his balls, I licked the tip of his penis like it was an ice cream cone. He moaned softly as I lowered my lips to his head, poking my tongue to space under the ridge between the shaft and the head. I twirled my tongue around the head some more. He puts his hands to my head to try to pull me down lower on him, but I am only just beginning with him. 

I moved his hands away, and slide my tongue down the underside of the shaft, one good strong lick. He moaned some more when I found the space between his balls and shaft. I buried my nose and tongue there, breathing in his rich male scent, my tongue stroking him relentlessly. All the while I kept my right hand on his cock, riding up it up and down between my index finger and thumb. Little sounds escaped his lips as I palmed the head of his dick every few strokes. At the last twist, it jerked between my fingers.

"Please," he said. "I'm going to cum."

"No, you aren't," I said and I grasp the base of his cock hard. He gasps as I hold my grip and suck his balls into my mouth, one after the other, tickling them with my tongue. He was breathing harder now, and I feel his cock getting rock hard between my fingers. I run my tongue up the underside of his shaft, and he shivers. Swirling my tongue around the tip once more I sucked him into my mouth. Keeping my tongue against the sensitive underside, I took him as far down as I could. My head bobbed up, and then down again, over and over, until he bucked to drive himself in deeper, with a cry letting his cream spray down my throat. 

With these thoughts I plunge my own fingers into my cunt and pull them in and out, pushing my clit back and forth until my orgasm thunders through me. My hips rocked with the pulses of my vagina until they subsided and my breathing slowed. Still, it was not enough, and I knew I wouldn't truly be satisfied until I had the real thing.