 Lauren awoke a little later than usual. It was already 7:00 by the time she got out of the shower, and she had to be at campus by 7:30. She would have to take the bus. 

Today, because it was a little bit cooler, she dressed in a slightly more modest outfit, though it still showed off her voluptuous 20-year-old body. She wore low-rise jeans with a black and pink thong that was clearly visible from behind whenever her shirt rode up in the back. 

Her shirt was low-cut in front, offering a generous view of her 34 C breasts, which looked positively enormous on her petite frame. She wore a black and pink bra that matched her panties and pushed her breasts up nicely.

The bus was crowded as usual, and Lauren had to stand. Unfortunately, she was not wearing her heels today, so her diminutive size (she was 5'0") made it nearly impossible for her to grab the overhead handles on the bus. As the bus lurched into motion, she grabbed a nearby backpack to steady herself. The backpack's owner turned briefly to look over his shoulder, catching a glimpse of her cleavage and curly brown hair. 

"Hi," said Lauren, "I can't reach the handles."

"Oh," said the man, whose age Lauren judged at around 30, "go ahead and hold on then."

The bus slowly emptied as it rolled towards the heart of campus. Finally, enough students had cleared out to allow Lauren to take a seat, right next to the man whose backpack she had been holding onto. She was pleased when she saw that he was slim, well dressed and had dreamy brown eyes. Her eyes darted involuntarily down to his trousers. She wondered what he might be packing down there. She decided she was going to try and find out.

"Thanks for letting me hold on," she smiled up at him.

"Oh, no problem," he said, looking directly down her shirt.

"My name's Lauren."

"Michael." 

He awkwardly reached down to shake her hand as the bus went over a bump, and almost fell on top of her. When he had recovered himself, Lauren said:

"Why don't you just sit next to me for a minute?" The seat next to her was now vacant as well.

"Ok," he said, sheepishly, lowering himself to the seat beside her and shifting his backpack to his lap. 

"Michael," she said, looking into his eyes, "I have a question for you. It might seem a little forward since we don't know each other."

"Ok."

"How tall are you?"

"About 6'3"."

"I see."

"Why do you ask?"

"Well," she said, "you know the old saying that the taller the guy, the bigger his ..."

"Yeah, I've heard it before."

"So I was just wondering if it applied to you," giggled Lauren.

"Um," said Michael, casting another quick glance down her shirt, "I guess it does."

"Really," said Lauren flirtatiously, "and to what extent does it apply?"

"Well," Michael was feeling a little shy now, "I guess it applies pretty well."

Lauren scooted closer to him and put a hand on his leg. She leaned in and whispered in his ear.

"I'd like to see if I can fit it in my mouth."

Michael felt his cock, which was indeed on the larger side, start to twitch in his pants. At this rate, he wasn't going to be able to stand up and get off the bus without creating a scene.

"Um, sure, ok," he stammered.

"Where can we do it?"

"Uh, I have an office in the library."

"Perfect. I have class now but I'll meet you there in an hour."

"It's room 3234."

She pulled out a pen and wrote the office number on the back of her hand.

"See you then," she said, and got off the bus and went to class.

During the entire biology lecture, Lauren's mind was on cocksucking. She imagined what Michael's tool might look like. Would he be circumcised? Uncircumcised? Thick? On the thinner side? Would it curve up? Down? To the side? Just how big was he, anyway?  

She was the only girl she knew who thought about these things. One of the things that she loved so much about being a slut was encountering so many different types of cocks. Even though she had to admit that she was something of a size queen, pretty much any cock felt huge to her once it was in her pussy, and she loved the variety that came with fucking different guys. Some cocks were great for deepthroating, others for fucking; still others felt good in her ass, though she saved that particular act only for her most special acquaintances. 

As she daydreamed in the lecture hall, Lauren sketched a large, vein-covered phallus in her notebook. She had seen enough in her day to be able to work from memory. At the base of the shaft, she sketched two plump, slightly hairy testicles covered by a visibly taut scrotum. The pair of balls seemed full almost to the bursting point. 

She had succeeded so well in portraying the phallus, that, like the artist in ancient Greece whose rendering of grapes was so life-like that it was pecked by birds, Lauren's drawing was so realistic it began to arouse its artist, and her pussy began to moisten as she looked at the two cum-filled balls she had drawn.

"If you're looking for something like that, I think I could help you out," a voice whispered in her ear. She covered her drawing with both hands and whipped her head around to see a pimply-faced frat boy type in a white hat leering at her. 

"In your dreams," she said, loud enough for the entire row of students to hear her, "I only fuck men, not boys." 

The student turned bright red and sank back into his seat. Lauren met the gaze of several students, her eyes cold in their resolve. After a brief, tense, moment, punctuated with a flurry of whispers, everyone turned back to the lecture. Ten minutes later, class was over, and Lauren was on her way to the library.

When she arrived on the third floor and knocked on the office door, Michael opened it with a worried look on his face.

"We've got a problem," he said as she followed him inside.

"Oh?"

"My officemate, Tim is here, even though he usually works from home on Tuesdays. He went to the bathroom but he'll be back any minute."

Lauren thought for a moment. 

"Do you think Tim would like to join us?"

"I – I – I don't know. I'm not even sure what you have in mind."

Just then, the office door opened, and in walked Tim, another man in his late 20s or early thirties with brown hair, an athletic build (though he had a slight paunch) and a wedding ring on his finger. 

"Hi Tim," said Lauren, shaking his hand, "my name is Lauren."

"Uh, hi Lauren, are you one of Michael's students?"

"Not exactly. I met Michael on the bus this morning."

"Ok," said Tim, clearly not sure what was going on, "do you need to talk to him alone or something?"

"That depends," said Lauren, smiling at Tim mischievously.

"On what?"

"On whether you'd like me to suck your cock," she glanced down at his wedding ring.

"Michael, you're ok with this?"

Michael shrugged.

"Why not," he said, "I barely know her myself."

"Damn," said Tim, pausing for a moment, "fuck it, let's do it."

"I'm glad to hear you say that," said Lauren, "let me tell you some ground rules."

"Ok," said both men, almost in unison.

"I'm going to make both of you cum, as many times as you can, in the next half hour or so. I have an appointment at 12:00, so we can't go much longer than that."

"Fine with me," said Michael, "I teach at 12 anyway."

"Good," Lauren continued, "next: you can cum in my mouth, or on my chest, but please not on my face, because I don't want you to miss and get it in my hair. I've got more things to do today, and I don't have time to go home and shower. Is that clear?"

"Perfectly," said Tim.

"Yep," said Michael.

"Next," said Lauren, pulling out her purse, "you may fuck my pussy if you want, but I ask that you use a condom. I've got a few of them in here."

"Roger," said Michael.

"Got it," said Tim, who was already stroking his cock through his pants.

"Finally," said Lauren, "my ass is off limits today. If we have a really good time, I might let you fuck it in the future, but I want to get to know you first."

"Sure," said Michael.

"No problem," said Tim.

"Ok guys. Let's get started. Feel free to be as rough with me as you like. There's nothing I like more than being treated like a slut by a pair of big-dicked guys."

With that, Lauren took two volumes of academic journals from one of the office tables, and put her school bag on top of them so she would have a good place to kneel. If she knelt on her own she would be too short to reach the mens' cocks. After she was on her knees, she gestured for the two men to come closer.

"Get those cocks out, guys," she said, smiling up at them.

Michael unzipped his pants and pulled down his boxer briefs to reveal a wonderful, thick cock that appeared to be around nine inches in length. It dangled down in front of her face, but nevertheless appeared fully erect. She put the head in her mouth and grabbed the balls, as she saw Tim unleash his own prick out of the corner of her eye. 

Tim's prick was smaller, perhaps around six inches, but still nice and thick. Its upward curve was particularly aesthetically appealing, and Lauren knew it would probably hit her G-spot just right.

She reached out and stroked Tim's balls with one hand while she kissed the underside of Michael's shaft. The two men looked down on a beautiful sight: a petite coed with a marvelous rack, on her knees with a cock in each hand. They glanced at each other with the expressions of two young boys who had happened onto a stash of fireworks or candy.

"Mmmm," moaned Lauren, who had succeeded in getting the first few inches of Michael's cock into her small mouth.

Michael couldn't believe what was happening to him. As a graduate student teaching assistant, he regularly lusted after the coeds in his classes, but had never gotten up the nerve to approach any of them. Now, a girl who looked like she could have been one of his students was giving him what could easily be the best blowjob of his life.

Lauren pulled his shaft back out of her mouth and stroked it in one hand. It was time to pay a little attention to Tim. She looked up at Tim and smiled at him, kissing the head of his cock.

"Do you think your wife will mind?" she teased.

"We have an agreement," he said, "don't ask, don't tell."

"Well ok, then," she said, taking his cock between her full lips and letting out a low moan.

"God she's a slut," said Michael.

"Mmm hmm," moaned Lauren enthusiastically, moving Tim's cock in and out of her mouth. She removed it for a moment to look up at the two men while she stroked their cocks, "remember what I said? I want you guys to treat me like a slut."

"Yes ma'am," said Tim, unthreading his belt from his pants even as Lauren returned to sucking his cock, and grabbing the buckle in one hand so that the end with the holes dangled down close to Lauren's ass.

Michael understood what Tim had in mind.

"You're going to spank this slut's ass, aren't you?"

"Sure am," he replied, drawing the belt back expertly and letting it crack down on her butt, which was still covered in jeans. She felt a delicious sting from the belt's impact, and rewarded Tim by groaning on his cock.

"Let's get this slut undressed," said Michael, moving behind Lauren for a moment and reaching down to unbutton her pants. Tim picked her up from the front, holding her under her arms, while Michael peeled her jeans and her thong down to her ankles. While Tim supported her, Michael spanked her ass a few times.

She cried out in pleasure, and wondered if anyone browsing the library shelves outside could hear her.

"That's it, spank my ass."

"Get this cock back in your mouth," ordered Tim, who lowered her back to her knees and slapped his cock onto her cheek. Lauren was all too happy to comply.

Meanwhile, Michael continued to spank Lauren, pausing intermittently to rub a finger across her pussy.

"This slut is nice and wet," he said, pushing a single finger inside her, "and tight as hell, I might add." 

Michael stroked his cock with one hand, keeping it hard while he pleasured Lauren's pussy, continuing to spank her in an irregular rhythm. In the meantime, she was chocking on Tim's cock, which, though smaller than Michael's, nevertheless fit down her throat. Tim grabbed a handful of her curly hair in one hand while he savored the attention she was giving his cock. His wife had never sucked his dick with this much gusto. He could tell that Lauren was doing something that she truly loved. 

"God," said Tim, "I'm gonna cum."

Lauren took his cock out of her mouth for a moment and looked up at him while she stroked it.

"Cum for me. Shoot your load in my slutty mouth."

She opened her mouth and jerked his cock towards it, so that he would be able to watch the semen squirt from the tip and enter her mouth. At the same time, she flicked her tongue under the tip of his dick. This sent him over the edge in mere seconds, and he came in several enormous spurts that filled her petite mouth with creamy liquid. Try as she might, she could not hold all of it in her mouth, and she dribbled some down her chin and into her cleavage. She swallowed, then looked down hastily at her shirt to make sure it had not been stained with semen. To her relief, it was clean.

"Let me take this off so it doesn't get messed up," she said, pulling the low-cut t-shirt over her head and exposing her ample bosom in the process. Michael, who was still behind her stroking his cock, unhooked her bra with one hand and freed her beautiful tits. He proceeded to fondle her nipples, causing her to get even wetter.

"God, you're driving me crazy," she said, "are you going to go ahead and give me that cock or what?"

"Come and get it," said Michael.

She turned to face him, still on her knees, and grabbed has shaft with both hands, pushing it into her mouth. It was so thick she could only fit about the first forth of his length, but she tried to make up for it by using her hands, which couldn't even span the circumference of his member. 

"Mmm," she moaned, as she felt Tim fondling her pussy from behind. She took Michael's cock out of her mouth for a moment.

"Michael, I need you to fuck me now."

Michael pulled out a condom from her purse and struggled with the wrapper for a moment.

"Let me do it," said Lauren, "I have experience."

"I bet you do!" laughed Tim, who was slowly stroking his cock.

Lauren deftly opened the condom wrapper and placed it on the tip of Michael's cock. Then she slowly peeled it down his shaft while she licked and sucked on his enormous balls. 

"It barely fits!" she exclaimed, "I should have brought some magnums today!"

"Don't worry baby," said Michael, "It's gonna fit one way or another."

After a few more seconds, the condom was in place, and Lauren admired the large erect phallus that was going to enter her petite pussy. She'd had bigger, but not often. She quickly removed her shoes and stripped her jeans and panties off her legs. She was now completely naked. 

To her surprise, Michael picked her up with both hands and placed her on one of the desks so that she was lying on her back across it. He spread her legs apart and placed the head of his enormous cock at the entrance to her pussy. 

"Oh yes, take that pussy," she moaned in encouragement. 

He rubbed his cockhead back and forth across her clit. 

"God you're driving me crazy," she said, "beat my pussy with that cock. Fucking take it!"

He smacked his cock down on her clit, causing her to gasp in pleasure, then he started pushing his way into her tight tunnel. At the same time, Tim came around the other side of the table, and rubbed his cock against her forehead. She scooted forward a bit so that her head hung down on the other end of the table, allowing her to suck on Tim's balls while Michael slowly worked his massive cock into her pussy.

"God it's so BIG," she moaned.

"You're going to take it all you little slut," groan Michael, struggling to push it the rest of the way inside her.

"Make me take it!"

"You're going to take this cock too," said Tim, pushing his prick up to her mouth. She opened wide for him and moaned as she felt his cockhead touch the back of her throat. 

Suddenly, Michael pushed through the final bit of resistance, filling her completely with his giant cock.

Lauren moaned in excitement. In the meantime, she was chocking on Tim's cock as her fucked her throat.

"Suck this cock you little slut."

Michael pulled his shaft out of her pussy once more, and then began to fuck her with long, slow strokes. Each time, it felt as if she was being filled to an impossible extent. Not only did he hit her g-spot, he hit every single nerve on the inside of her pussy, and his pelvis banged wonderfully against her clit with each stroke. She knew he was going to make her cum soon.

"That's it," she said, removing Tim's cock from her mouth for a moment, "give me that cock. God I need it."

Michael began to speed up, slamming her into the table with each stroke. Tim could feel each stroke as well, through the vibrations that travelled through Lauren's petite body.

As Michael increased the speed of his strokes, Lauren came closer and closer to cumming, moaning on Tim's cock all the while. Finally, she exploded in a massive orgasm that caused her toes to curl and left her trembling from head to foot. She was in such ecstasy that she had to stop sucking Tim's cock for a moment so she could take in deep breaths of air. 

"God," she said when she had caught her breath again, "I needed that so bad."

"I know you did you slut," said Michael, "and now you're going to make me cum."

"'Yeah," said Lauren, "I've got an idea for that. Why don't you take that condom off and get that cock up here. I want to suck it again."

Michael peeled the condom off his gigantic cock and came around the table to stand next to Tim.

"Guys, I changed my mind," said Lauren, lying on her back and looking up at the two men stroking their cocks above her, "I want you to coat my slutty face with your cum. I want to show everyone what a slut I really am."

Michael slapped his dick down across her lips, and Tim moved around to the side of the table, where he rubbed the head of the cock across her nipples, making her moan. At the same time, he reached down and fondled her clit, slipping a finger or two into her pussy. 

"You love this cock, don't you, slut?" Michael said, running its length along her mouth. She opened wide and stuck out her tongue, tasting the underside of his shaft and then his balls.

"Tell me you want my cum," said Michael, stroking his own cock as Lauren licked his balls.

"I want you to jerk your big cock off all over my face. I want to be covered in your cum."

The sight of the lovely coed on her back saying such filthy things brought Michael to the point of no return. He grabbed the tip of his cock and stroked down its length as he aimed it at Lauren's face. She closed her eyes and smiled in anticipation as his first spurt shot across the length of her body, down past her tits to her belly button. The next spurts were better-aimed and landed squarely on her face, coating both her eyes, cheeks and mouth. 

"Your turn, Tim," Lauren said, her eyes closed and face coated in cum, "dump that load right on my face. Give me a fucking cum bath."

Tim stared at her luscious tits as he jerked his cock. 

"You ready for this load, slut?"

"Hell yes."

"Here it comes!"

Tim's penis twitched as he unleashed a load even bigger than the one he had shot into her mouth. Rope after rope of cum crisscrossed her face, landing on her lips, hair, eyes and chest. When he had finished, he squeezed out the last drop of cum onto her chin.

"How do I look boys?"

"Like an absolute slut."

"That's good," said Lauren, "now I'm going to prove to you just how slutty I am. But first, you can take some pictures if you want."
