 This is the last chapter. Heads up, there's no sex in this one, but read on to see how things turn out. Thanks to everyone who have read, voted on and favorited the chapters!

***

I took Lynn home. She asked about the shiner, and I told her I was pushed accidentally into a piece of equipment. Her expression told me she didn't believe me, but I wasn't in the mood to talk. When I left her off, I didn't even notice which way I was driving until about an hour in. I was heading home, the place I grew up. 

#

Pulling up to the driveway of the small ranch house memories of my childhood hit me. I saw myself as a small boy playing in the driveway, and then older playing basketball with a hoop that Papa Ry put up for me. I remembered the family barbecues and birthday parties. It was all so very normal except it wasn't quite. There were painful times when other boys teased me because I had two dads and no mother. Or, as a teen, everyone assuming I was gay because my fathers were. Or when the dads didn't agree with my decision not to go to college. All I wanted was to get out of that suburban town and out on my own. But right now, it didn't matter that my relationship with my dads was strained. I had to go back to something familiar while I sorted my head. 

The door was open and I called out.

"Hello, anyone home?"

"Oh my God!" Papa Ry come out of the kitchen and threw his arms around me. "Abel!" He looked me over. "What happened to you? Is there something wrong? We haven't heard from you for so long."

Papa Ry was no taller than me, but he was much thinner in the shoulders and a little thicker in the waist. His hair was brown but now had flecks of gray. His hazel eyes bore into me demanding an answer.

"I'm fine. Just had a little accident at work. My fault," I said. "I should have called. How are you? How's Dad?"

"We're fine. Everything is good. Better now that you're home. How long are you staying?"

"A few days, if that's okay."

"If that's okay? What are you thinking? Of course, it's okay. You know Dada Ashe wouldn't allow me to change a thing in your room."

I rolled my eyes, imagining sleeping in my room decorated with memorabilia of my teen years.

"Got any beer in this place, or do I have to go the store?" 

"In the fridge," Papa Ry said. "Come sit, tell me everything."

I followed him into the kitchen. "There isn't much to tell." He gave me that parental look that communicated he knew I was lying.

"How's Lynn?" he said with a tone that communicated his distaste.

"We broke up," I said. I had no inclination to elaborate on the circumstances.

"Oh," he said. There was no distress in his tone of voice. I took the beer he offered and walked to sliding door looking out over the back yard. 

"How long ago?" he asked.

"Couple months," I replied still staring out the door.

"So this visit isn't about that," he said.

"Nope." I turned and looked at him. "Look, it's just been a while. I should have called you and didn't so I decided to visit."

"If you say so," said Papa.

"I say so." I pushed open the sliding door and walked onto the deck. I sat down in one of the lounge chairs. It smelled sun tan lotion, and brittle scent of rain dried in the sun. As my beer hit my tongue again, Papa Ry sank down into the other lounge chair.

"So, what's been going on?" he said.

"I moved to another town a couple hours away from Lynn's place. Got a job there at a gym. Lost it."

"Oh?" he said, his eyebrows arching. "And why is that?"

"I was stupid."

"I see," he said, though he clearly didn't. "Well, you don't have to worry. You can always stay here for a while."

"No, that won't be necessary. I'm fine."

"You can cut the macho bullshit with me, Abel. I know you better than that." 

I sighed. "No really. Can't we just visit?"

"Sure, son. We can visit."

We talked for a while, Papa Ry filling me on the local gossip, me just nodding, grunting here and there and drinking my beer. When that one was done, I got up and took another, and later another one after that. Finally, Papa Ry patted my knee and said he had to go to the store. 

"Don't forget the beer," I said.

"Obviously," he replied, though there was some worry in his voice. When he was gone I listened to the wind in the trees, and the birds chirp and watched the squirrels chase each other in the branches. My eyes grew heavy, and I put down my beer. That's the last I knew for a long while.

#

I woke hazily some time later hearing Papa Ry and Dad talking from the kitchen.

"Well, whatever it is, it's bothering him bad," said Papa Ry. "But he won't talk about it."

"It's none of our business," said Dad. "He's a grown man. Abel doesn't need us prying."

"Prying? We're his parents, for Heaven's sake."

"And we'll do what parents do, wait until he's ready to talk."

"Well, I can't sit around and do nothing. I'll pull together a party for tomorrow night. He won't know the difference that it wasn't planned before he got here."

"Alright, babe, you do that. Just don't expect him to be happy about it."

"Please, what would make him happy right now?"

"Steaks on the grill would do right now," said Dad.

"No, that's to make you happy," said Papa Ry.

"Damn right." I heard a slap and knew Dad gave Papa a playful tap on the rear. And then there were smooching sounds. I just closed my eyes, sighed, and tried to nap again. 

#

Papa Ry always did know how to put on a party. Their friends came, but a bunch of my old ones as well. I spent the evening catching up, everyone glad to see me, everyone wanting to know far more than I wanted to tell them.

I was out on the deck talking to Rob, a guy I'd grown up with on this street. "It's the economy," said Rob. "Everyone is laid off, Abel. I've been out of work for six months, and things are looking grim."

"Sorry to hear, man. Let me get you another beer." When I turned I nearly bumped into a knot of people coming onto the deck, and stopped short. 

"Hello, Abel."

I blinked. "Hello, Elaine." There she stood, my first real love. I was eighteen, she was twenty-eight. She seemed so worldly, so grown-up then. I was in awe. She was lonely. 

She reached over and gave me a big hug, and lingered a little longer than she should.

"You're looking good, Abel."

"So do you. How's Frank? The kids?"

"The kids are good. Frank? We divorced last year."

"Sorry to hear."

"What are you up too?"

"Oh? About my fifth beer. Want some?"

She laughed. "No. I don't indulge. Not good for the figure. And us spiritually evolved types are high on life, you know?"

I laughed."So, what are you doing?"

"I've opened a yoga studio on Main Street. It's a tough go, but the clients keep coming."

"That's great."

"And you?"

"Between jobs."

"Oh. But that's not like you, Abel. You always work." 

I shrugged my shoulders. "Stuff happens."

She leaned towards my ear.

"I'd like to talk with you, Abel. But not here."

I looked over her shoulder and saw Dad give me a knowing smile.

"It was my father that invited you, wasn't it?"

She shrugged.

"Come see my yoga studio," she said, taking my hand. 

#

Elaine turned on the lights to the studio, showing a large room with hardwood floors and walls of red brick. Then she pulled shades down at the picture window, obscuring the view on the street.Then she drew a mat from the corner of the room. She sat down on it and patted the space in front of her. 

Lowering myself to floor I faced her, and she smiled. 

"Lay face down. I'll give you a massage."

I had enough beers in me that laying on a yoga mat on a hardwood floor didn't feel that bad. It felt better when she kneaded my shoulders.

"That's great," I said.

"So, your dad said you've been having a rough time." She moved her hands up my neck, pressing in with her fingertips. The pressure stopped short of hurting.

"Who doesn't," I said. 

Her hands wandered down to the biceps of my arms and I felt her breasts against my back. I sighed.

"Are you going to keep being stubborn?" she said.

"You've always said communication wasn't my strong point," I replied.

"I can feel the sadness in your muscles, your spine."

Her thumbs pressed into my spine and drew them down toward my ass."

"You've kept yourself in good shape though."

"Thanks."

She worked the muscles at my lower back, and I grunted. 

"Oh, the third chakra. It's blocked. Feeling like you don't have much say in your life do you?"

I sighed and pushed myself up. I turned around to face her. 

"If you haven't figured it out, I don't want to talk about it."

"You don't have to talk about anything you don't want to."

"Good."

Elaine leaned in to kiss me and I put my arms around her. Memories two decades old washed over me, crushing on her, loving her, having her. Our lips touched, and she opened her mouth her tongue seeking mine. It was good. But something was off. She didn't smell or taste right, not as right as Annie did when I made love to her. I pulled away.

"Something is wrong," Elaine said.

"Not with you. Me. I've changed."

She stared into my eyes. "I see it."

"You do?"

"Yes. A man's eyes always change when he falls in love."

"That's ridiculous."

"No, it's not. When you look at me, you aren't looking at me. You are looking for her."

I sighed. "I better go."

"I'll let you as long as you walk towards her, instead of away from her. Otherwise there is more work to do here."

"I don't see how that can happen, Elaine. She's determined to marry someone else."

"Is he right for her?"

"I don't think so. She doesn't either."

"Then, Abel, you need to make things right, however you do it."

#

I headed back to town. I had to pay Mr. P. anyway for the car. Seeing that I didn't have a job anymore I didn't want this to hang over my head. I went to the bank and drew out almost the last of my savings in cash and headed to Jimmi's Garage.

There was no one in the repair bay when I pulled up, but the doors were wide open. I got out of the car and walked into the office by the front door.

"Anyone here?" I said. 

There was the sound of flushing and Mr. P. moved out a door in the hallway, walking a little stiffly.

"Oh, Abel. It's you. Have a seat."

He settled into his chair and studied me.

"What's up."

I pulled the envelope out of my pocket and put it in on the desk in front of him.

"I brought the money for the car. It's all there."

He sat there, nodding his head. "I knew you were a good one. Even when I heard about what happened at the gym between you, Colson and my daughter, I knew you wouldn't bail."

I must have stared at him. I didn't make the connection before, Jimmi's Pizza, Jimmi's Garage."

"I wish I was there to see it," he said. "I miss all the good stuff."

"I didn't realize Annie is your daughter." 

"Well, I wouldn't know it now that she's marrying that damn fool, Colson."

"Mr. P., Annie doesn't waste her time on fools."

"Hmm, perhaps not. Doesn't mean they are right for each other, though. Annie's a working stiff. Colson's not. She won't be happy with him."

I shrugged my shoulders.

"She's made up her mind."

He looked at me, his old eyes glittering. "I bet you could unmake it."

I scoffed. 

"Now, I heard all about it from Carl, you and Annie. That's why I had Carl bring you over here, so I can see you for myself."

"You must have noticed, the difference in age between me and her."

He shrugged. "So? Annie's mom was fifteen years older than me. That worked out okay."

"She was? Annie never said."

"We didn't make it a big deal, because it wasn't. And you shouldn't make it one either."

"How long were you married?"

"Twenty years, before the cancer took her. "

"So Annie?"

"Yeah, she was still in high school."

"Oh. And you never remarried?"

"Never wanted too, son. She was one of kind."

Things fell in place for me then. Annie watched her father live alone all those years. Annie wasn't afraid of our age difference for herself. She was afraid of it for me.

"Well, thanks, Mr. P. I guess I've got to talk to Annie."

"You better hurry, son. She's marrying Colson tomorrow."

"Tomorrow? Where is she now?"

"Don't know. She won't pick up my calls since I told her I wasn't going to the wedding. But I do know where the wedding is. Here's there invite she gave me. It's got all the details."

#

I was as nervous as a cat. Sitting next to me was Lynn, who may have gotten the wrong idea about why I asked her to this wedding. But with the way Colson went on about Lynn, I thought it was a good idea to have Lynn next to me, just to give the guy an eyeful. 

Jack and another guy came out a side door. He was dressed in a tux, looking very distinguished and very self-satisfied. God, how I hate that guy. Jack said something to his friend, and the guy went through his pockets and produced a box.

Lynn's eyes went wide when she saw Jack. 

"Abel?" Lynn said. 

"Excuse me," I said to Lynn.

"Where are you going?" she whispered. 

"Men's room," I said. I got up and went to the right hand vestibule door. The first person I encountered I asked, "Where's the bride's dressing room?"

"Are you family?"

"I'm her brother. Just want to give her hug before the ceremony."

He pointed down the hallway. "Second door, left."

"Thanks."

I pushed in the door with a trembling hand, and saw Annie in her gown. The white dripped over her beautiful figure. She was staring at herself in a floor length mirror and sighed.

"You are gorgeous," I said.

She turned, a startled look on her face.

"Abel, what are you doing here?"

I entered the room and shut the door.

"Don't do this," I said. 

"It's the best thing. For everyone."

"It's not the best thing for me," I said. "And I'm sure it's not for you either."

She shut her eyes. In the space of a second I closed the gap between us and I put my arms around her. I kissed her putting every warm feeling I had for her into it. She struggled a minute and then melted into my arms. Our tongues met and for a second I forgot everything but for the feeling of her mouth on mine. She pulled away.

"I love you, Annie. I don't care about anything but that. I will always love you. So please, don't break my heart by marrying that man."

"Abel!" The sharp voice came from behind me. Lynn.

"Annie?" said another, deeper voice. Jack. "What is going on?" he said. 

"Abel, give me a minute with Jack."

I nodded my head and walked out to the hallway.

Lynn gave me a cold look. I shrugged. In a few minutes Jack and Annie came out of the room. They walked past us back to the chapel without a glance to either of us. 

#

The sun and sand were both hot and the Caribbean waters the color of lapis lazuli. I looked over to my wife.

"Do you want a fresh drink, Mrs. Williams?" I said to her. Her face was hidden under a big straw hat. 

She laughed. "Are you trying to get me drunk?" she said from under the hat. 

"I think she's already there," said Jack leaning over, and moving her hat, gave her a kiss on the cheek.

"Hey, kiss your own wife," I protested. 

"What do you say, Mrs. Colson. Should I kiss you?"

In the end, it only seemed natural for us to honeymoon together after we got everything straightened out. Jack offered to downgrade his bridal suite to two regular rooms, and Annie insisted we take one of them. 

Lynn looked at Jack with her big blue eyes. "Oh, yes. Especially if you want to be kissed tonight, Mr. Colson." Jack pulled her over onto his chair and she squealed.

I smiled, glad to see Lynn so happy. In the end it made sense. Both had more in common with each other than I with her or he with Annie. It didn't take long after Annie and Jack announced their breakup at the wedding for Jack to move in on Lynn. In fact it was at the aborted reception that Annie found Jack and Lynn in the coatroom wrapped around each other. "There," she said to Jack. "That's the woman you should marry." I guess I shouldn't have been surprised that he listened to Annie. He always did. They would always be friends, which was okay with me now that Annie was mine. 

"Hey, get a room," Annie said. 

I stood. "I've got a better idea. Let us get a room." I held out my hand and when she took it I pulled her up. I started up the beach toward the hotel at a trot.

"Hey," protested Annie. "I can't go as fast as you. My knee, remember?"

I turned back, jogged to, and then around her.

"Show-off," she said laughing.

I smiled. "Oh, we'll get that leg working like it should. All you need is a little personal training."