 As the owner of a small local pet store, this morning seemed as promising as any. I was excited because I was opening with Tracy, an attractive young lady I had hired almost a year ago. She was a fiery blond teenager with proven fantastic work ethic and a great attitude. Tracy was a thick, home grown girl, but she wore her weight well. Best of all she had a smile that beamed sunshine like happiness to those around her. Tracy had gained a reputation for leadership with her coworkers, directing them with authoritative actions, or charismatic and sometimes overtly flirtatious ways. 

Tracy was everything I could ask for. Yesterday I stood in distant observance as she sold a customer one of our 125 gallon aquariums with all the trimmings- a sale that topped our charts. As usual Tracy saw no shame in using what she had to make the sale. She left the top buttons open on her blouse, and often leaned over properly to give the customer more to view than the product. I could see the customer, being a hard core fish nerd down to the Hawaiian shirt and shorts in February, wasn't minding the view Tracy was giving him. I had to admit being an admirer of Tracy's big boobs myself. She wore them on display purposely, and I often found myself peeking at the pink lacy bras that hoisted up her naturally large and promising young breasts when we talked. They always seemed ready to break free from the confines of her tight pet-store khaki blouse. 

I noticed many times Tracy placed her hand flirtatiously on the customer's shoulder as she explained the features of the tank. The dude was hardly paying attention to what she was saying. Truth be told, he was already sold. The customer pointed to something at the base of the tank cabinet, and I watched as she turned and bent over to reach for what he had pointed out; giving both me and the customer full view of her round rump, and even more deliciously four inches of the T-back to a pink thong that exhibited itself between the tail of her shirt and the top of her low-rise pants. My mind wondered to a visual undressing. I imagined her bent over, juicy bare ass in the air, with only the pink thong scantily dressing the feminine mounds between her muscular thighs. 

Then, I wasn't sure, but she did peer over her shoulder in my direction as she needlessly explained something about filtration to the guy. She smiled and winked at me, pulling a strand of falling highlighted golden hair out of her face. I looked away quickly, a bit embarrassed by my gawking. Yet to be honest with the bulge in my pants, Tracy was amazing indeed.

This morning we both arrived at the store at 6:00 a.m. to get things opened. Keeping our regular routine, we chitchatted about reality TV for a while then she agreed to feed and clean the hamster enclosures if I fed the fish. No problem. We killed an hour in completing our opening tasks, separate and alone in the store. I tell you though, my mind couldn't help but wander to Tracy's enticing ass, swaying in the air as she winked at me. Was she interested? I was at least ten years better than her nineteen year old body. I managed to keep myself in good shape, and never featured myself as being unattractive myself. I'm a bit on the taller side. I've been told by more than one woman my young sandy hair and blue eyes were quite charming. Even still, the thought of which having myself buried in her teen-aged rump was more to bare!

"I'm finished opening over there. How'd you like that tank sale yesterday," she surprised me suddenly with her usual cheery voice. She was leaning against the tanks. The dim blue light of which made her face seem that much more sexy. I noticed she was holding a hamster.

"It- It was good. You have a great sales technique."

"You think?" She asked rhetorically while admiring the chiclid tank. They swam in tight colorful circles in the tank. "I think that fish nerd wanted to fuck my brains out by the end of the sale. He gave me his number."

I didn't really know how to respond to that comment, "yeah he looked pretty interested-"

Tracy then took a step towards me and confirmed my suspicions that her wink was intentional. "So did you."

I chuckled a bit nervously, as Tracy approached me closer. In three words she confirmed the motivations behind her winking at me. I also noticed now - that she wasn't wearing a bra. I could see her hard nipples pressed against the cottony material of her shirt. "You know," she said casually while coddling the furry rodent she was holding between her tits; "sometimes I wish we were more like hamsters."

"What do you mean?" I asked trying to remain composed by the curious question.

"Well, this morning I noticed that some customer dropped this naughty girl into the male hamster habitat last night," she explained while smiling coyly. "and I'm pretty sure she got fucked by every guy in there over the course of the night. I mean, this girl really had a good time. Her whole backside is wet with furry fun."

"Uh huh." I said a bit taken aback by Tracy's dirty rendition of hamster love. "Good times."

"Yeah, and funny thing is, it is what it is. That's what they do. She's the happiest hamster in the female side of the habitat. She don't have to answer to anyone, just go back to what she does- eat and sleep. She don't have to feel bad at all about who or how many guys screwed her little brains out." Tracy said this, turned and placed the hamster back into her habitat with the other females. She then turned again towards me with all the foxy coyness a real-sized girl could muster. "I wish we were like hamsters. Don't you?"

"You mean, you and I?" 

Tracy's devilish brown eyes narrowed. She strutted up to me. I couldn't help but notice her tits jiggling on her great shaped, thick framed body as she did. When stopped just short of me, I could smell a sweet perfume on her body. I really wanted to kiss her right there. Instead she reached out and took my wrist in her firm grip. "Yes I mean you and I. Here, I want you to feel what I mean." She said as she pulled up her shirt and guided my hand to her firm but soft belly, and urged my hands to dive under her belt line. "Don't freak out. Just feel me," she urged. 

I couldn't believe this was happening. My wiggling fingers dove into her pants. Tracy placed her arms around my neck as it became apparent that I was going to touch her in the most private of spots. "Go ahead," she urged, starring at me intently with large brown eyes. My fingers probed downwards under the confines of her panties, and were met with a warm soft tuft of her unshaved pussy hair. She giggled, "Lower Tiger Kitty," she addressed me with a pet name. I obeyed. Tracy leaned into me with her soft chest as my fingers explored the valley between her warm puffy mounds of her feminine flesh flower. She spread her legs slightly and pressed against my hand, and one of my thick digits curled upwards into her slick wet heat. "Oh yes," she purred into my ear. "You see," she said while grinding her pussy into my grip. "Last night I touched myself while thinking of you burying your cock into my young furry pussy. Can you tell?"

Now I was freaking out as my finger snaked in and out of her overheated hole. I was excited beyond explanation. This was a fantasy coming true. As I wiggled my index finger into her deep wet crevice, she bit her lip and wiggled her hips against my spurring touch. I found some composure to speak in a creative, but oh so dirty manner. 

"Oh yes, I can tell you're ready for me you horny little Honey Hamster," I called her playfully as I slid another finger into the wet folds of her needful sex. "We're going to make feral love?" she asked excitedly as she nuzzled her head into my shoulder. "I want to," she hissed out. I felt her panting breath, her lips, then her tongue press against my neck. My fingers sought sources of her heat on the slick tight walls of her pussy. Her loosened pants fell from her hips to her ankles. She awarded me with keens of excitement as my fingers squirmed and prodded against soft hot places inside of her. I knew the fleshy buttons I pressed fired waves of heated desire into her lower belly. "Yes," I said playfully. "I am your Tiger, and I want to pump you full of special kitten juice."

"Oh yes Tiger!" She pleaded. She then suckled on my neck forcefully as I felt her warm excitement spread out onto my squirming digits. She aggressively rubbed the nub of her clit against my pressing palm. She ground against my hand as her first orgasm shook her young body. Tracy growled between gritted teeth as her thick thighs closed around my hand. After a moment of heavy wet indulgence, after her waves of pleasure allayed into breathless pants; I felt a tugging at my belt and the sensation of her hand entering the front of my loosened clothing. Her kisses went hungrily from my neck, to my chin, to my lips. Tracy kissed me hungrily and I kissed her back. Our tongues danced for a bit in an oral overture as I felt her fingers dive into the fly of my boxers and wrap around my swollen shaft. 

"MMMmmm I want this in me Tiger Kitty." She demanded as she stroked the solid meaty length of me. 

"You'll get it soon enough you feral little-!" My hand slid away from her sex and upwards under her shirt. She gasped as I greedily grabbed her tits. "You have great tits for a horny Honey Hamster!" Tracy squealed as my fingers still slick with her pussy juice, squeezed the firm nipples at the tip of her boobs. I lifted her shirt, and got full sight of the pale freckled globes that beckoned my groping. Her pink aureolas were deliciously large, and centered with delightfully perked teats. Almost just as I had imagined them in full view, time and time again. 

I lifted the weight of her large tit in my hand, to my mouth and she almost released my cock from the sudden assault. I sucked one nipple into my mouth and kissed it unmercifully. "Ohh yes Tiger Kitty," Tracy approved. My teeth gently held her tit in place as my tongue stroked the nubs again and again. My mouth was met with the slight bitter taste of her sex that my fingers had placed there. Tracy regained her grip on me and squeezed my swollen sex again and again, drawing from it slick dabs of pre cum that she spread over my head with her thumb and index finger. She released me and slid her fingers into her full lips. It became instantly obvious Tracy enjoyed the taste of men. Her excited warm eyes darted back and forth as she spoke these anxious words to me. "I didn't eat breakfast Tiger."

Her boobs slipped away from my grasp as Tracy kneeled before me. My hands went to her shoulders as I leaned against the tanks, bracing myself what seemed an inevitable act of horny Honey Hamster kindness. She forcefully pushed down my pants and boxers, freeing my cock for her dirty delight. I peered down once and pulled her hair back from her face. Tracy's skin seemed bluish under the aquarium lights, but still the red hunger of her eyes remained. They were fixated on my large veiny sex, before she gobbled it down with her red lips. 

I closed my eyes and groaned as my cock was surrounded by the suckling soft enclosure of her mouth. Tracy growled delight, as I felt her muscular tongue rub against my length wildly. Vibrations from her growls strummed up my shaft and tickled my balls. I hadn't had sex in quite a while, and wasn't going to last long. The slurping sounds of her ambition were enough. She released me long enough to say, "Don't hold back Tiger. I want to taste your kitty love!" I felt her hands at the base of my cock against my balls, she might have licked them, for the solid flesh of my penis slid evenly between her grip as she milked me for her prize. I felt my balls tighten, and my head began to throb. Tracy, realizing I was close didn't take any chances. Guided by her tongue I felt her lips lock around the swollen head of my shaft. "Get ready," I warned gruffly as she suckled and coaxed the cum out of me with darting strokes under the head of my cock. I gripped her shoulders as I felt myself pushed over the edge, my body released itself. My shaft throbbed as throw after throw of warm tiger love emptied from my balls and into her mouth. I fed her what she desired. Her hands pumped my shaft as she moaned with hungry pleasure. Tracy swallowed her prize down in a gulps I felt flex around my head. A moment later she released my salivated cock and rose up to kiss me. She pressed my still swollen sex against her silky panties. Our lips opened and she shared with me the salty flavor of her efforts still painted on her tongue. She broke away from the kiss. "I'm so full!" She giggled out. "That was a good breakfast tiger, you're Grrrrreat! But follow me."  

With that she ran off to the dog bed section, losing clothes along the way. I followed in the same manner, watching her ass jiggle as she ran towards a piled display of round colorful dog beds with only her lacy pink thong on.

I crashed into Tracy and we both landed facing each other in the soft pile of pillows. She screamed as I wrestled with her playfully, soon embraced and passionately kissing. Her boobs felt fantastic against my chest. I held her thick framed body tightly against me. Tracy's body was pleasantly easy and soft. She was strong and ample, quite curvaceous. She was a real beauty even though her muscular frame was dressed with supple softness. Her thick legs spread and wrapped around me. My semi-hard sex rubbed against the moist slickness of her silky pink panties. For a while we said little as she ground her body teasingly against mine. My hands fondled and pinched soft parts that made her squirm. In minutes we became comfortable with our position on the pillows. We licked and kissed each other's necks. When I was fully firm again, and prodding her silk covered sex needfully, she whispered. "I want you to fuck me now."

I felt her fingers reach between us and pull aside the slight layer of material that kept me from penetrating her. I drew back an placed the head of my sex at the entryway to her oily love canal. I felt her nails grip into my back as the my hardened cock pushed into the center of her hot flesh flower. It gushed with readiness, as the long and hard object of my affection- slid easily into her firm and youthful center of teen-aged desire. "You feel good," she whispered hoarsely as I slowly fed my length into the tight opening of her sex. For a moment we enjoyed the warm wet feel of our mate with slight presses of our bodies against each other and sudden hungry kisses.

Then I felt Tracy buck upwards to get me deeper. She giggled. I thrusted her back into the pillow, driving myself between her legs and plunging my cock fully into her body. "Faster Tiger!" Tracy growled carnivorously as she spread her legs wider to invite me deeper. I thrusted into her hips unevenly until we found a quick and steady rhythm suitable to meeting both of our needs. "Tracy you are such a cute horny Honey Hamster. I want to fill your rodent snatch up!" It was warm and humid in the store, and sweat made our bodies slick between each other. I felt cum stirring again deep inside my balls as my cock slid in and out of her body. "Do it!" she dared. Tracy grinned approvingly as she increased the voracious rhythm of our sex, our hips now bucking into each other with free abandon. Her pussy was so saturated with feral fire I could feel her warm juices lap up on our skin with each stroke. "I'm going to cum again." I warned. We were screwing ferociously without protection. She shook her head, barely able to speak. "Me too," she squealed out as another rocking orgasm took her breath away. 

Tracy buried her head into my chest and squirmed, as seemingly endless waves of erotic pleasure rocked her world. "Harder," she pleaded and moaned as I reached down and grasped her rump to get myself deeper. Tracy's back arched as I roughly rode myself through her pussy's wet and spastic contractions. Then without warning she grabbed my shoulders with her hands and wrapped her legs fully around me, crossing her ankles and giving me no escape from her hungry snatch. She literally squeezed me into her desirous hips with all of her might. It pushed me over and I felt my cock come to life inside of her, pumping warm male cum deep inside. Her eyes grew wide as she held me tightly. I thrusted evenly, planting myself with each pump of my hips! I crashed upon her when all was finished. After a short while, we came down from each other's erotic highs aside each other in the mound of ravaged doggie beds. We kissed a few times, but the reality and excitement of what we just did overtook the usual afterglow of kissing and cuddling.

She leaned over and whispered, "That was better than I thought it would be!" and I agreed with several kisses on her full lips. 

A few minutes later she explained there was a slim to none chance of her getting pregnant. She was on the pill. We cleaned ourselves up, disposed of soiled doggy beds, just in time for the first customers who waited eagerly at the door. I was fairly certain my horny Honey Hamster wasn't looking for a relationship. But, I did buy her the hamster she approached me that morning. We did worked a double together, with smiles on our faces. We both worked eagerly all day for what was to come - after the petstore closed.