 After the year I had I needed to get away. I just needed to get on a plane and go somewhere where I could relax. It was a spur of the moment decision; my only criterion was that I would be getting on an airplane in the next few hours to somewhere I had never been before. When my internet search came up with Las Vegas, the idea of losing myself in 'Sin City' excited me. I wanted to live it up in a place that prides itself on indulgence. 

The flight was liberating. I know so many people who hate to fly, but I am still excited by it. I love the idea of leaving my problems where they are, and heading for somewhere new. The entire flight I wondered what I would do on my solo vacation. I wondered if I would meet any interesting people. Most of all I just hoped it would be a worthwhile adventure. 

I walked through the lobby of the hotel and found myself taken in by the opulence. I hadn't even reached the front desk when I heard a familiar voice.

"Hello Beautiful!"

My body reacts to the sound of your voice. I turn around and stare at you a moment in disbelief.

"Oh my God!" I exclaim and throw my arms around you "I can't believe it! How are you?"

I really can't believe it is you in front of me. So much time has passed. I have long given up on the hopes of a chance encounter with you. For so long I dreamed of our night together. I fantasized about what it would have been like to finish what we had started. I hoped you thought about it too.

I remember everything so vividly. You and I had been flirting with each other for months. Even though I knew you had a girlfriend back home, I wanted you so badly. Your friends used to tease you that they were going to move to your home town just to keep your girlfriend company. I never expected it to go anywhere with us beyond the flirting, but I enjoyed every minute. The night of your going away party, I was so surprised when you pulled me into one of the bedrooms and kissed me. You told me that you would regret it if you hadn't at least done that. My body was on fire; I wanted you so badly. Our kissing was interrupted by one of your friends who had loudly announced your girlfriend's surprise arrival. All we could do was quickly straighten ourselves out as you went to greet her. I waited in the room for a moment, and then slipped out. I left the party partially wishing nothing had happened. It was already hard to watch you leave. 

"I'm good...good. Are you here with your husband? " You ask.

"Uh...no. Actually I am here to celebrate my divorce." I admit sheepishly. I am actually thrilled to be divorced, but I guess I am embarrassed to admit the failure. I expect you to give me some words of condolence as everyone else seems to.

"Hmm, well aren't I the lucky one to find you here, alone, in Sin City." You say with a sly grin. "You look as gorgeous as ever!" You remark as you look me up and down. I feel a familiar shiver run through my body.

"Come and have a drink with me." Before I can answer you place your around my waist and are directing me towards the lounge.

As you catch me up on the last 17 years of your life, my mind races with all the teenage fantasies I had about you. My face was flushed, and my panties were getting uncomfortably wet as my imagination went wild. You were always the boy who was up for anything. You partied all the time. I don't know how you ever made it through school. To be honest, I was surprised to hear you had become so successful. Not many people who party away their youth are so fortunate. In contrast, I was never a risk taker. My mind has always thought 10 steps ahead of itself. I loved spending time with you; you always managed to make me feel more impetuous. I felt like a different person around you, and I liked it. It's not surprising I was so wrecked when you left.

I snap out of my thoughts and return my focus.

"I consider it my personal duty to make sure you make the most out of this vacation." "For starters" You say nonchalantly as you slip your hand under my skirt pressing your fingers against my moist panties. "I seem to recall that we had some unfinished business."

My heart is nearly pounding out of my chest. 

"How about we go up to my room and you let me taste..." You whisper as you slip your fingers under my panties and run them over my wet slit "...what I have been thinking about for long, long time."

I can barely breathe, but I mange to nod in agreement. We get up from the table and you take my hand and lead me to your room. As we walk past the front desk, it occurs to me I haven't even checked in yet, but I don't want to stop for anything. I don't want to give my 10-steps-ahead brain a moment to think.

You open your room and hold the door for me to walk in. I envision us kissing madly and falling into bed.

"Lie on the bed." You instruct.

I am surprised, and a little disappointed you didn't kiss me, but I do as I'm told. 

You come over and stand at the end of the bed. You kneel on the bed and bring your hands over to my legs. Gently you slide up my skirt to expose my moistened panties. Even though you told me what you were going to do to me when we were in the bar, I am still surprised when you slide off my panties and burry your face between my legs.

"Oh fuck your pussy smells so good!" You remark just before I feel your tongue begin to search for my clit. 

I moan with pleasure as you begin licking me. Your tongue firmly strokes my clit. You tease me by taking turns between licking, flicking, biting, and sucking my clit...my orgasm builds. Your fingers stroke the sensitive entrance of my pussy. I need to cum so badly. Finally you give my clit the continuous attention it needs so I can cum. My orgasm is mind-blowing. My eyes are still unable to open when I feel you tear my skirt off and thrust your hard thick cock in me. I scream. My pussy continues to orgasm as you fuck me. I am tearing at the sheets as you punish my tight wet pussy with your cock. I've never experience anything so intense. I want you to stop and yet I want more. I bite your shoulder. You pull my hair. You roll us over so I am on top of you. I ride your cock up and down, slamming you into me. You rip off my shirt and pull down my bra. You suck and bite my tits hungrily; the pleasure rushes to my clit. I reach down and rub my swollen clit as I pound down on you. It takes little more than a few rubs before I climax on your cock again. My juices flow down my legs. 

You toss me off of you and suddenly I find my face pressed against the dresser mirror. You spread my legs.

"Don't move. Don't make a sound." You instruct. "You move or make a sound and I'm going to fuck your ass!" 

I gasp, but luckily it was only in my mind.

I feel you spread my ass cheeks apart and you begin to lick my pussy up to my ass. Admittedly I have seen this in porn, but I never gave it any thought as something I wanted to do. I am amazed how good it feels, but I am also careful not to move or make a sound. You continue to tease me. I bite my lip hard to keep myself from making a noise. You slip two fingers into my pussy and begin finger fucking me as you tease my ass. It is so hard to stay quiet. I begin to want more. I want pleasure and pain. I find myself moving slightly and making the slightest of noises. You pretend to not notice. I increase my movement and noises. You don't take your attention away from fingering me and teasing me with your tongue. 

"Oh fuck!" I finally gasp.

You stop pleasuring me and stand up. You whisper in my ear "I was hoping you would say that." You rub the head of your cock against my ass. You quietly whisper "Are you sure?" I nod.

You push your cock into my pussy for lubrication and then begin to work your cock slowly into my ass. It hurts, but I want you to continue. After you have worked all of your hard, thick cock into my tight ass you slowly begin to trust. It hurts. I keep screaming "Fuck" with every thrust. You grab my tits and burry your face in the back of my neck.

"Shhhh." You whisper in my ear as you bring your hand up to my mouth.

Your thrusting gets quicker. It still hurts but I am beginning to feel pleasure. You take your hand off my tit bring it down to my pussy. You rub my clit as you thrust my ass harder and harder. I become overwhelmed by the intense sexual experience. Your cock fucking my ass feels so raw and animalistic; I have never experienced anything so powerful.

"Oh fuck I'm going to cum." I manage to say even though your hand is still over my mouth covering my moans.

You stop holding back and pump your hot load into my ass as I climax. As we stand there with our hands on the dresser catching our breath you pull the hair away from my ear and whisper. "Now what should we do tomorrow?"