 Amber was waiting just outside the senator's office. This was her first break into politics after organizing a couple of women's marches in her small town. Hoping to make a good impression she decided to keep her outfit simple with black dress slacks, plain white cotton panties, a soft light blue blouse with pink undershirt and white bra with black dress flats. Amber had been preparing for this meeting all week, and now that's it's here she can't help but be nervous as she grips her briefcase waiting to be called in.

A pretty blonde secretary comes out of Senator Smith's office, smiling and fixing her hair, looking over at Amber waiting, "You must be Miss Williams, Senator Smith is ready for you now". Amber just nods and stands up, thanking the secretary as she heads into his office, noticing how short the blonde secretary's skirt seems to be, but otherwise not thinking much of it.

"Go ahead and close the door, and please turn off your cell phone so we won't be bothered." The deep voice coming before Amber even has a chance to look around. 

"I left my phone in my car" Amber says as she closes the door behind her, then turning around to look at his rather large office. Seeing a nice couch with dark red pillows off to the side, a small bar next to it, pictures hanging around the walls of Senator Smith with different important people. She starts to walk towards the desk, a large, dark, mahagoney desk with two chairs in front of it.

"Good girl" Senator Smith grins out. "Please take a seat, I'm glad you decided to come meet with me today"

Amber takes a seat in front of his desk, not wanting to get the meeting off to a bad start, ignoring his 'good girl' comment. "I was surprised you even wanted to meet with me since I'm going to be running against you in the next election" she says as she starts to open her briefcase.

"Before we get started, I'm curious as to why you agreed. I'm sure your peers advised you against it." Senator Smith cutting her off, gesturing for Amer to close her briefcase. "I don't hide my views as a traditionalist, and views on gender roles"

"Yes, well.." Amber pausing a bit and closing her breifcase. "It's good to have dialouge, even with people you don't agree with. And I hope you will respect me as an opponent." Amber speaking as firmly as she can, brushing some hair out of her face with her hand.

A small almost condescending smile moving across the senators face as Amber talks. "As an opponent, I doubt I will respect you if I'm being honest. Which is what I expect from you in this meeting, and what I will give you throughout as well." Senator Smith sees Amber wanting to say something, but cuts her off and continues before she can. " But far from what my opponents say, I do respect women. As long as they know they're roles. Just like I don't respect all men, because many men don't know their roles as men either."

Amber doing her best to let him talk, taking a few deep breaths to keep calm as she listens. "So, I'm guessing you don't think women should be in politics then?" She asks a bit annoyed. Setting her briefcase down, realizing her notes aren't going to help her right now.

"Of course not" Senator Smith answers quickly. "Tell me, when was the last time you didn't feel stressed out, or nervous about some meeting, or just generally felt happy?" Amber stammers a bit to try and answer before being cut off again. "It's ok, it's natural for you to feel that way. Politics are really no place for a girl like you. You met my secretary, did she look stressed or unhappy?"

"Listen, I didn't come here to be told I'm inadequate, or can't handle being in politics" Amber mutters out, trying to keep her self from bursting out.

"But yet, you can't answer my question, again, all I ask is for honesty here."

Amber taking a few deep breaths, hesitating, before answering. Senator Smiths's eyes on her the whole time, the silence filling the room. "No, she didn't look unhappy, or stressed" She finally answers, shaking her head.

"Exactly, because she knows her role" Senator Smith leans back in his chair, still keeping firm eye contact with Amber. "Now, what would you say if I told you that me and her have a physical relationship, and she is a great stress reliever, which is why I respect her more than almost any man?"

Amber turns her head, looking back over her shoulder at the closed door where she last saw the secretary. Not able to keep herself from blushing a little as her minds flashes to what the senator spoke of. Unable to get herself to look back in his eyes as she turns her head back towards the front. Shifting in her chair as she sits, trying to keep her composure. "I, I don't know really know how to respond to that" She answers truthfully.

Senator Smith sees her response, barely able to hold back his beaming smile. "Again, it's natural Amber, I don't force her to do anything, she does it because she knows it's her place." Leaning forward now, almost commanding her with his body language to look him in the eyes. "Now, I need total honesty on this next question" His tone soft, but very stern as Amber timidly looks up into his eyes. "Who did you picture when I told you about my secretary? Was it her, or was it you?"

"I.. I.. mean, " stammering Amber breaks eye contact, her breathing getting heavier, not expecting the response she had, not prepared for how controlling he was in person, just thinking he was a pretty face with contacts.

"Look me in the eyes, and I want the truth Amber" he speaks out sternly again

"It, it was me.. " she trails off, speaking softly, looking down after saying it.

"Good girl" he says in an almost fatherly tone. "Now, I want you to do something for me. Please stand up and go lock the door so we will have no interruptions. And come sit back down over by me on the couch"

Amber just nods and slowly stands up to lock the door, this time being called a good girl feels a bit different. Her heart beating a mile a minute, back of her mind telling her to just leave. Instead, here she is walking back over to the couch he has moved to, about to sit next to him before he corrects her.

"No, not up here on the couch, you can sit down on the floor" he points down, "or back across the office in those chairs, but that would be rude".

"But, but I mean, this really isn't, it's just.. " her mind racing trying to think of a protest before sitting on the floor, legs crossed like a little girl in school.

"I'm sorry, it's just this couch is new and only a select few are allowed up here" he smiles down at her, seeing how quickly she gave up her protest and followed orders. "Now, the reason I wanted to meet with you is because I like you. You are pretty, cute, smart, but just a little confused"

Amber's mind wandering the whole time he speaks, trying to look into his eyes but finding it difficult. Both from her angle, and because she feels so small suddenly in his presence. "I. I just, I think there is a place, that we women need a voice" Still trying to keep on topic, and strong, even as her voice shakes a bit.

Shaking his head, "No Amber, women don't belong in politics. Look how nervous you sound, you can't even hold eye contact with me." He motions his hand for her to come up closer, and she does slowly, not fully sure why. Senator Smith runs his hand through her hair and holds her chin to make her look him in the eyes. "Now again, I need the truth. Are you still picturing yourself in my secretary's position of helping me relieve stress?"

Amber nods her head softly, feeling the control and dominance in his touch and eyes. "Y. yes... I d. don't know why" she speaks out just above a whisper, biting her lower lip.

"It's because your body knows it's what is right" releasing her chin, leaning back a bit to let her scoot even closer between his legs. "When was the last time you were even with a man? A month? A year?"

"I... I don't know a year maybe?" looking bashfully into the senator's eyes now. Her eyes almost involuntarily looking down at his bulge. "I've been busy with work, and my career" Trying to justify herself.

Shaking his head in disappointment, but noticing her look down.. "go ahead, take it out, we won't be bothered" Letting his hand brush through her again reassuringly. "Your body needs to serve its purpose, a year is way too long, no wonder you are so stressed and confused"

Amber's eyes still on his bulge, her body starting to take over her thought process as her hands begin to undo the senators pants, pulling his thick, half hard cock from his underwear. Her hand barely able to wrap around it, feeling his girth and heat in her hand as she looks in almost awe of it.

"That's a good girl" his hand running through her hair, basically petting her as he lets her stroke him lightly. A satisfied look coming over him as he watches, knowing he was right about her. "Now, before I let you continue Amber, I need to know you are the one in control here" He sees Amber's soft brown eyes looking up at him, even with her hand remaining on his hardening shaft.

"I'm in control?" she asks meekly, inhaling his musk with her nose just inches from his manhood, her body responding, almost hating how quickly she's getting aroused.

"Yes Amber, you have the power to leave anytime you want." his hand still running through her hair, brushing her cheek... "but I will be very disappointed if you do. I know you are a good girl though, and won't make you do anything you don't want, understand?"

Amber nods, not fully understanding, her thoughts are just being flooded with wanting please his cock. Her body tingling everytime he calls her a good girl.

"Good girl, go ahead and taste it"

Without hesitating, Amber wraps her lips around the tip of his cock. Moaning softly as she slides down over his shaft, her tongue swirling and licking eagerly. She hears him moan too in approval, encouraging her. Sucking sounds filling the office as she bobs up and down, letting her drool run down to his balls. His hand never leaving her head, not forcing her, just petting her and guiding her.

"mmm.. that's a good pet, this is so much better than talking" Senator Smith moans out, watching his would be opponent eagerly on her knees, sucking his cock.

Amber feels her whole body tingle as he calls her a good pet, not hating it, but feeling like one with his hand running through her dark brown hair. Pulling off his cock to lick up and down his shaft, teasing the tip with her tongue before taking as much as she can back into her mouth.

"Now Amber, I need you to stop, I really would to see your body you have hidden under all those clothes" One of the hardest things he's had to do he thought to himself. Tell a beautiful girl to stop sucking his cock. "please stand up, strip for me" His tone making it sound more of a command than a request though.

Silently Amber stands up, her eyes on his thick, hard cock standing straight up in his lap. He gestures her to look in his eyes and she does as her hands start to fumble with her blouse. Biting her lower lip she peels off each article of clothing one at a time. Her clothes in a pile on the floor as stands naked in front of the most misogynistic man she's known. Her perky 34b chest on full display, nipples hard from arousal, her hands covering her trimmed mound before he leans forward and gently moves them away.

"You are going to be a very good pet Amber" he says softly, kissing her stomach with the lightest of touch, causing her to tremble. "Now, be a good girl and walk over, then bend over my desk" he says standing up, kissing her the cheek before she does as she's told.

Amber's mind still screaming at her to stop, to leave, to slap him, to do something. But all she does is melt to his touch and kiss. Turning around, she shows off her bare ass to him, bending down to her elbows, basically presenting herself to him.

Senator Smith follows closely behind her, his hand rubbing her wet pussy as she bends over causing her to whimper involuntarily. He smiles to himself, knowing she is ready and moves so he can slide inside her. "This is where you belong Amber. Embrace it, you are such a good girl" he coos out, his thickness sliding inside her.

Amber can't help but moan out as she feels his cock stretching her open. Her hips pushing back, her body aching to have him inside her. Collapsing down to her chest as he starts to thrust, his hands moving to her hips, pulling him into her. The creaking of the desk, mixed with their groans and grunts making it indisputable what is happening in this office.

"God.. yes, you are so amazing Amber, you are going to be such a good pet" Senator Smith moans out, picking up the pace, knowing and feeling her accept his cock, even fucking him back.

Amber starts to moan louder, pushing a few papers off his desk as she is unable to hold back the most powerful orgasm of her life. "ooo. y. yes.. please. Oooo don't stop please, don't stop" Her whole body shaking, hips pushing back against him, wanting all of his cock deep inside her as her juices coat his shaft, pussy spasming over it.

"Good girl Amber, good girl.. fuck.. oooo. " Hearing and feeling Amber orgasm sends the senator over the edge himself as he can't stop and pull out like he planned. Holding her hips tightly, he gives one last hard thrust and unloads his seed deep inside his new pet. Collapsing down over her, kissing her neck as he feels her pussy milking him, taking all of his seed.

Amber grinds her hips back as she feels him move over her. His warm seed flooding her womb, her body accepting it, needing it. Her mind in a complete fog as he eventually pulls out. Petting her as he tells her to go ahead and get dressed, but leave her panties, they belong to him now.

"Yes sir" she stammers out as she starts to get dressed, her hands still shaking.

"We have more training to do, please make an appointment on your way out pet" Getting himself a drink as he watches her get dressed, leaving her panties on the floor.

"Yes sir" Is all she can think to reply as she leaves his office. Not fully understanding what she did, or what it means as she drives home. She just knows now that she is going to have to re think her career and feminism.