 Authors note: Here is the second chapter in the Peter and Chloe story. Please enjoy. As always, your votes and comments are appreciated.

*****

Peter sat in his room, thinking about seeing his mom naked. He did enjoy being nude at work earlier in the day and had wondered what a nude lifestyle would be like. 'I wonder if mom and dad truly are nudists.' He had never really thought of his mom as someone other than his mom. However, after seeing her nude, he realized that she was a splendid looking woman. He was beginning to comprehend that she was a woman, a sexual being and dare he admit it, desirable.

He was still sitting there contemplating when he heard his mom, "You okay, Peter?"

Peter turned to see his mom leaning against the doorframe. Her arms were crossed over her chest, covering the tops of her breasts. Her legs crossed at the ankles, he could see the triangle of pubic hair that lay between her legs.

"I guess so."

She stepped into his room and sat down on the bed, crossed her legs and rested her hands on her knees. 

"Brianne said that you apparently liked being nude at the office today and were even open to the idea of doing it again," she said as she looked at her son and smiled. It let him know that it was okay and that she was glad.

"Yeah, I suppose" he replied, his face just a little flush.

"I'm glad, Peter, I really am." Sylvia leaned forward just a little and Peter looked at her breasts between her arms. "You see, your father and I like it too. We're often naked when we're alone."

"You do? You are?"

Smiling, Sylvia nodded her head yes. "And," she continued, "We've enjoyed being with others as well. Bri, your father and I have been to the nudist beach on quite a few occasions."

"But..." Peter started to interject.

"But why didn't you know before today?" she asked him.

Sylvia looked down at the floor in front of her for a second before turning back to her son. "I don't know. I've been what they call a closet nudist most of my life. Brianna and I would often strip down to our birthdays suits and sunbathe. It was only after your father caught us one time that I found out that he enjoyed the same thing. But I just wasn't ready to go beyond that. So we stayed clothed when you were home."

Peter looked at his mom and saw a look in her eyes that was asking him to understand. "I see."

"Bri told me a few days ago that she had invited you to join them today. She told me how you seemed to enjoy it yourself and with a little push from Bri, I decided to stop hiding it from you. Hell, you're bound to catch us someday."

Peter watched as Sylvia stood with her feet a couple of feet apart and her hands on her hips. Peter couldn't help but look at the juncture of her legs.

He looked up as she said, "So if you'd like, come outside, and we can talk some more."

She smiled and strode to the door, putting her hand on the doorframe, she looked at him one more time, "Bri tells me that you have nothing to be ashamed about." With a final smile, she disappeared from his view.

After another few moments, Peter stood and started removing his clothes. He hoped he had successfully concealed his condition. He certainly didn't want his mother to know that his penis had responded to the nude woman that was just in his room. He thought back to what Brianne told him yesterday when he had similar fears at work. 'Then let it get hard. I know that I find it very appealing when it's hard. And I know that the others will too. Please don't worry about it.' True to her word, the other women in the office expressed their appreciation.

With a deep breath and successfully willing his cock to soften, he stepped out of his room and made his way down the hall. Turning the corner to the kitchen, he saw his mother standing at the stove, still entirely nude. 

He watched as she turned around and looked him over, spending an extra second or two on his mid-section. Looking at him, she smiled, "See? Now that wasn't so bad was it?"

Peter slowly smiled and shook his head no. 

"Would you be a dear and help me get dinner ready?" Sylvia asked. She looked at the clock on the wall and said, "Your father will be here any minute, and Brianne shouldn't be too far behind."

As he had done many times before, he entered the kitchen to help with dinner. It was a moment or two before it registered that his father was due home any minute. He had never been with another naked male before and was a little apprehensive about being nude in front of his father. 

He was in the middle of chopping up lettuce for a salad when he heard the front door open and the voice of his father talking to someone. It wasn't until the other person spoke that he realized that it was Brianne. 

He tried to hide when the pair stepped into the kitchen. "Hello, sweetheart," Aaron said to his wife, giving her a kiss on the cheek. He turned and looked at Peter, "How's my boy?" as if nothing was out of the ordinary.

"Uh, good dad."

He turned to Sylvia, "I'll get out of these grubby clothes and help, dear."

"Okay, but I think Peter and I have a good handle on it" Sylvia replied.

Peter looked at Brianne, who was beaming at him. He saw her wink at him before she disappeared around the corner.

He turned his attention back to the lettuce, putting it into a bowl where it would be tossed just before eating. Feeling a tap on his shoulder, "I think we ought to eat outside tonight. Would you set the table?"

Peter was placing the silverware around the settings when he looked up to see Brianne step outside. His eyes immediately went to her breasts and then to her bush. He could feel his penis twitch. She was beautiful. Whatever his penis started to do was quickly reversed as his father stepped out right behind Brianne.

He returned his focus to setting the table when Brianne sidled up to him, "How's it going Peter?"

He coughed a little before answering, "I'm okay."

Brianne said in a soft voice, "I told you that there were others that liked being naked."

Peter looked at her with a trace of a grin, "Yeah, but you didn't tell me it included my parents."

Brianne looked at the table and then to him, "No, I didn't. I figured I'd leave that up to them."

"Yeah, she said that she talked to you."

"She did."

"What did you tell her?" Peter asked, wondering just how much his mother knew.

"Well, I told her that despite being reluctant at first, but that you seemed to like it."

"Did you tell her anything else? I mean about..." Peter asked, alluding to his having sex with Darcy and Andrea.

Brianne looked upwards and smiled before looking at him again. "Well, let's just say that she knows that you're not a boy anymore."

With the exception that everyone sitting around the table was naked, dinner was just like any other time they ate. Brianne had joined them frequently for dinner, so her presence wasn't unusual. Peter sat mostly in silence, observing that the conversation was a typical dinnertime conversation. His mom and dad sat on one side of the table while he and Brianne sat on the other. 

It was a rather sedate affair until Peter went to reach for the salad bowl. As he did so, he felt a hand gently stroke his penis, causing it to respond. His mother looked at him for a moment when he took a slight gasp of air. She looked over to Bri and then back to him with a glimmer of a smile.

Sitting back down, he casually looked over to the woman sitting next to him. She looked at him, slid a forkful of food into her mouth, and gave him a wink.

Peter cleaned up after dinner while his parents and Brianne stretched out in lounge chairs on the patio. He stepped just outside the door and looked to see his dad reading a book while his mother and Brianne were engaged in conversation. His mom turned to him and smiled, "Want to come join us?"

Peter sat in the only remaining chair available, one next to Brianne. Peter felt his penis twitch again as he noticed that he was sitting directly across from his mother. Her feet were crossed at the ankles and her thighs apart just enough that he was able to see her labia peeking out from the pubic hair that covered her. 

"Peter has been an absolute pleasure to have in the office, Sylvia," Brianne said.

"I'm glad to hear that, Bri. I was a little concerned."

Brianne patted Peter's arm, "Oh, don't be. He's fitting in quite well and the girls have taken quite a shine to him."

Peter turned to see his mom looking at him with a smile. "That makes me very glad."

*

Peter's dreams were filled with images of being nude at home and at work as well as other places where others were also naked. He woke up just as he dreamed of his mother quietly stepping into his room and closing the door behind her. His dream ended just as she sat on the edge of his bed, pulled down the covers, and placed her hand on his penis. He woke to find his penis extremely erect. Grabbing a tissue from the nightstand next to him, he stroked himself until he came, visions on his naked mother going through his head.

Grabbing a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, Peter ventured across the hallway and stepped into the shower. He took his time washing his hair and his body. His thoughts returned to the previous day and especially last night. Dried off, he slipped on the shorts and t-shirt. He wasn't sure if last night was an anomaly or something else. He decided not to take the chance and embarrass himself.

His doubts were quickly erased when he came into the kitchen and saw his mother leaning against the counter, coffee mug in hand, looking out the back window. She was nude. Quietly slipping back to his room, he removed his clothes and went back out into the kitchen.

She turned her head and smiled at his as he entered the room. "Good morning, sleepy head."

"Morning, mom." 

She turned around and reached up to grab another mug from the cupboard. Peter's eyes went to her breast that became exposed as she reached up. 

She poured coffee into the mug and stirred in just the right amount of cream and sugar before handing it to her son. "Did you sleep okay?"

He thought for a moment about the dreams before shaking his head, "Yeah, not bad."

She took a quick glance at him from head to toe, "I'm glad that you decided to leave your clothes off. I wasn't sure how you were going to be this morning."

"I had put on some shorts and a t-shirt at first. I wasn't sure." He took a sip of the coffee, "Where's dad?"

"He's off with Greg and Sam at the golf course." She looked at her mature son, admiring his physique. He was growing into a handsome young man, and she was proud of him. "You doing okay?"

Peter smiled. Over the course of last evening and the time in the shower, he came to the conclusion that he liked the new environment and was eager to embrace it. "I'm good. I never imagined that we'd be like this," he said as he motioned to indicate their state of undress.

Sylvia smiled, "I know. Me too. Believe me I've wanted this to be out in the open for a long time. But I didn't." She extended her arms, "Give me a hug. I love you Peter, and I was just afraid of doing something that might harm you. But Brianne helped there. Didn't she?"

"I guess she did" he replied, extending his arms and wrapping them around her as she wrapped hers around him. He felt his penis brush up against her pubic hair. Try as he did to avoid it, his penis started to grow. He hoped that it hadn't grown enough for her to notice. He wasn't sure, but it felt like she had pushed herself up against him, causing his growing member to slip between her legs.

Pulling away, Sylvia smiled and picked up her mug with one hand, and indicated that he should follow her with the other. At no time did she look down to see his erection.

Peter waited a few seconds, enough for his penis to soften before picking up his mug and going outside. Sylvia was sitting in an Adirondack chair, her legs crossed with and ankle perched on a knee. The only other seat was one directly opposite. Sitting down, Peter caught a quick glimpse of his mother's pussy, the labia visible beneath the nicely trimmed fur. 

In turn, she smiled knowing where his eyes were focused as she took in his softening penis. Looking up at him, "There're some things we need to talk about, Peter."

Peter looked at his mother with a look of concern, "What? Is there something wrong?" He was afraid that perhaps she found out about his extracurricular activity at work yesterday and was upset.

"First of all, I am glad that you know about your dad and I and how we like being naked. And, I'm pleased that it looks like you do too."

Peter nodded, taking another sip of his coffee, wondering where this was going.

Sylvia set her mug down on the table next to her and uncrossed her legs. She rested her elbows on her knees and leaned forward. "Peter, Brianne told me that the two of you have been intimate."

Peter could feel his chest tighten and a knot form in his stomach. He started becoming terribly afraid that his worst fear was about to materialize. Deciding not to say anything, he set his mug down and looked at her.

"I want you to know that I am so glad that she has taken you under her wing. She wouldn't go into details, but it sounds like you have been an excellent student." She looked at her son with a slight smile, fully aware that Peter's mind was probably all over the map.

Peter tried to casually drop his hands to cover his growing erection.

Sylvia looked down to see what he was doing and then back to him, "You don't have to hide it, Peter."

Peter slowly moved his hands away, "But..."

"Peter," Sylvia said as she leaned back in her chair, moving her feet apart exposing herself to him. "I know that you like looking at me and Brianne has told much the same about you and the girls. Well, son, we women like looking at men as much as you like watching us. And an erect penis is something that we do enjoy seeing, even if it is my son's."

Peter slowly moved his hands back to the arms of the chair, his semi-erect penis sticking up from his crotch. He watched as his mother's gaze moved to his waist, and she smiled.

She continued to smile as she went on, "And it sounds like you made a couple of your co-workers quite happy yesterday as well."

Peter could feel a mixture of pride and embarrassment. He enjoyed the sex with Brianne, Darcy and Andrea. He hoped that he would one day have the opportunity to be intimate with Chloe. But he knew that it would be different with her, he had started growing feelings for her.

"Peter, the reason that I'm telling you all of this is that your father and I have I guess what you call a more open sex life. We love being with each other and," she looked Peter in the eye, "with others."

"Others?" Peter asked, trying to envision what that meant.

Sylvia nodded, "Yes."

Peter thought for a moment, Brianne and his mom have been friends since they were kids. 'Was it possible?' He looked at her, "Brianne?"

She nodded, with a little smile, "She's one."

'She's one?' There are others? Peter thought to himself and didn't notice that his penis had become totally erect and had a slight throb with the beat of his heart. 

"I think she figures that it's going to be impossible to keep that information from you much longer. We talked and agreed that it would be best to be open with you." Sylvia paused to gauge the reaction from her son. She felt relieve as she could see the faint outline of a smile form on his face.

Peter looked at the woman who raised him. The woman he now knew was a very sexual being and was welcoming him into adulthood. Part of him wasn't entirely surprised by this revelation. He suspected there was more to his parents just being naked. He thought about it as he lay in bed last night when suddenly some of the pieces started to fall together. He thought about the number of times that Brianne has come over just as he was leaving, sometimes staying the night. "But, why are you telling me this?"

"Well, your father and I figure we shouldn't hide anymore. And we figure that there's an increased chance that you're going to find out anyways, given that you and Brianne are enjoying each other."

Peter looked at his mother, seeing her in yet another new light. "Okay."

Sylvia let out a deep breath, "We also figure that one of these days Brianne will want you when she's here, and we want you to feel like you can." 

"But what if I come home and you three are in the middle of, well you know."

"Well, that's where it gets a little tricky."

"I don't understand," Peter responded, not sure where this was going.

"We want you to feel like you can join in. If you'd like, that is." She paused for a moment before continuing, "It's totally up to you. You are welcome to. Just understand, Peter, that under no circumstance will you and I ever have sex."

Peter nodded. He felt a certain amount of disappointment.

"Peter, you have a very handsome penis. I don't know of many women who wouldn't find it appealing. But, I'm your mother and sex between us is just out of the question. I hope you understand."

*

Peter was building yet another spreadsheet on Monday morning when he saw Brianne step into his work area and sat down. Crossing her legs, she brought her mug of coffee to her lips and took a sip. "So, your mother told me that she talked to you."

Peter turned in his chair and looked at his boss. With a hint of a smile, "She did."

"And how do you feel about that?" Brianne asked, looked over the rim of her mug.

"Well, it's not exactly something I ever expected to hear from my mom."

"No, I suppose not. Did your dad say anything?"

Peter shook his head no, "No, I just know that he asked mom if she had talked to me. She said yes and he looked at me, nodded and smiled. Then he grabbed a beer from the fridge and went outside."

Brianne stood up and smoothed out the wrinkles in her skirt, "I'm glad. Because you see, I'm going to have a little barbecue at my house in a couple of weeks, and I was hoping that you'd be able to be there. I have some friends that I'd like you to meet." 

"Oh?" 

Brianne smiled and nodded her head. "Have you talked to Chloe yet?"

Peter hadn't seen Chloe when he came in and shook his head no. "Not yet."

"You'd better. She's the perfect girl for you, and I think you two belong together. Wait too long and someone else will get her."

Peter looked at the empty door after Brianne left. Thinking about Chloe, he knew that he liked her, and Brianne clearly indicated that there was interest on her part as well. But, he had only asked a girl out a couple of times before and both times ended in disaster. They ended up laughing at him.

He stood up and took a deep breath. Then he sat down. What do I say? How do I ask her out? What if she laughs at me? Deciding to take the risk, he walked down to her desk.

"Hi Peter" Chloe greeted him, a broad smile on her face.

"Er, Hi Chloe." 

"You need something?" she asked, detecting a hesitation in him.

"Um, I was wondering, um if you and I, well, I. Would you like to go out?"

"Peter, I'd love to. I was wondering when you were going to get around to asking" Chloe beamed.

"You were?" he responded, surprised at her enthusiasm.

"I was." She stood and put her hands on her hips, "What did you have in mind?"

"I was thinking maybe we could go to a movie."

"When?" she asked.

"Friday?" he blurted.

"I don't want to wait that long. How about tomorrow night instead? I'll pack some dinner, and I know this great spot we can watch the sunset."

Smiling, "Uh, okay. That sounds great."

The ringing phone interrupted their conversation. Chloe sat back down at her desk and wiggled her fingers at him. Peter returned to his office, feeling lighter than air.

His dreams that night were filled with visions of being with Chloe. He woke eager to for his date that evening. 
