 I'd known Cherise since she was a little girl and had always enjoyed having her over. She was now a grown woman at twenty-five. That cute little carrot top girl with all the freckles turned into one gorgeous redhead. Mature and sure of herself, Cherise graduated with a degree in physical therapy and had started her own practice in town. She and my stepdaughter, Susan had their share of falling outs over the years but they always made up. They traded boyfriends once or twice in high school, quit talking to each other for periods of time, and played sports together all through middle school, high school, and college. Both graduated from the same university; they even pledged the same sorority.

Now, Cherise was getting married. Susan was her Maid of Honor. Susan was just as independent as Cherise. With a business degree, she was a CFO at a small start-up tech company down the block from Cherise. Susan seemed to be happy as a single woman, rarely if ever bringing anyone home to meet 'dad'. I didn't mind as long as she was happy. She was the spitting image of her mother, my late wife, tall, brunette, with a dark olive complexion and the bluest eyes ever.

Cherise had dated her fiancé, Eric off and on during college. He found a job after graduation close to town just to be near her. When Cherise announced the engagement she and Eric asked if they could hold the wedding on my property. How could I refuse my stepdaughter's best friend? Cherise was also going to spend the week between her party and the wedding at my house, finalizing arrangements with the wedding planner and making sure everything was in place for her big day. She had moved out of her apartment and was going to stay with me because Eric had a strange superstition regarding seeing the bride before the wedding so it was an ideal set-up for them.

I inherited a twenty-five acre horse farm with plenty of flat land about twenty miles from the nearest town when my parents passed away. The betrothed couple planned on holding the reception in the riding arena which would make for an easy cleanup. 

Susan, being the Maid of Honor was in charge of the bachelorette party. She made all the arrangements for food and entertainment along with planning the games.

Friday night, eight days before the wedding my house was completely decorated for the party. I helped Susan and Cherise decorate the family room, went to the store for sodas, mixers, chips, finger foods and booze. Any leftovers could be available for the wedding reception so there was no worry about buying too much. They had decided to drink Margaritas so I bought three bottles of mixer and a half gallon of Jose Cuervo gold.

I was home when the girls' party started on Friday night. I figured they would have the usual silly games, watch movies, gossip or do whatever young women do these days. I'd read in my bedroom or go out to the shop and work on a project or two. I thought they might get strippers but it never occurred to me the ones they got wouldn't be the ones they expected.

Susan and Cherise assembled a little taco buffet bar to go with the Margaritas so they would have something filling to munch on during the festivities. They had plenty to drink and the girls were feeling very silly by the time the strippers were due to show up. They had played some games and were in the middle of a "truth or dare" thing when the noise got to be too much for me. I headed out to my shop to give them some space and me some quiet. As I walked across the drive a beat up Honda drove up. It parked near one of the corrals. The two girls inside looked around wondering if they were in the right place. 

I had a questioning look on my face when they opened the car doors and got out. They were close to Susan and Cherise's ages I guessed. At first, I thought they were friends or sorority sisters, only they were dressed differently than the partygoers who were in blouses, shorts and flip flops. Attired in somewhat scantly cowgirl outfits, they obviously didn't get the casual attire memo. One was a leggy brunette, the other blonde, a bit shorter and quite top heavy. It suddenly occurred to me they were the strippers, something that really didn't make sense to me for a bachelorette party when all the girls were straight, or at least I thought they were straight. I thought if Susan had requested strippers I'd be greeted by a cop, firefighter, cowboy or at least someone male. 

I walked over to greet them trying not to stare at the blonde's ample breasts, "Hi, can I help you?"

"Hi, we're here for the bachelor party," the busty blonde grinned.

I focused on her boobs as they jiggled which thinking back was really somewhat rude of me. But, they were there and they were very impressive. 

I told them, "I think you girls have the wrong address, this is a bachelorETTE party."

"Huh, is this 35972 Wild Run Road?" the brunette read from a slip of paper.

"Yes, it is but I doubt these girls want female strippers."

I heard the front door open then the rumblings of the girls anticipating their male strippers. A few 'who's there'? with giggles and laughs floated through the air as I tried to clarify the situation. 

"Well, our dispatcher gave us this address, maybe we should call her," the leggy brunette suggested.

"We have done all girl parties before," the blonde smiled.

The brunette was getting a bit agitated, "Oh god, not again. This is the second time this month she's done that to me. I didn't get paid last time because the "birthday boy" wasn't at that house." 

"You're welcome to come in and use the phone, cell coverage is really bad out here. You may have to deal with six very disappointed girls inside."

The blonde winked at me, "I've dealt with that situation before and when I left they were all smiling."

"Well, I'd rather do that than not get paid for driving all the way out here. Plus the tips we'll miss," sighed the brunette.

The brunette seemed like she was going to cry at that point so I guided them to the kitchen. On the way, the partygoers gasped and giggled at my little entourage. Susan followed us into the kitchen as I showed the brunette the phone. I told my daughter the situation, she listened quietly looking them both over as I explained. I could see her focused mainly on the boobs of the blonde while I explained what I knew. After I'd finished, she thought about it for a few seconds then started laughing. 

She came up with an idea, sticking her hand out for the phone, she told the brunette, "Cherise is going to just die, let me talk with the dispatcher since I set this up."

Smiling, the girl handed the phone to Susan. She turned her back to us while I made small talk with our new guests. They explained about the other times they'd been sent to the wrong place. They also mentioned why they were dancing. They figured it was a good way to make extra college money to help keep down their student loans. They seemed like nice girls so I listened and smiled, nodding my head every once in awhile. After a bit, Susan hung up, turned, and told us what she'd negotiated.

"You'll both get paid but the two guys who were supposed to be here are screwed. They picked up the wrong address paperwork. They are at a bachelor party on the other side of the county. Much too far away to get here in time. The dispatcher admitted it was the company's mistake so I got a little discount. You two are good for your normal fees. Sound okay?"

The two girls were ecstatic, jumping up and down, not only hugging each other but Susan and I. Susan's eyes widened as she watched the blonde bounce up and down, breasts merrily bouncing with her. I'm sure my eyes did too as I waited for her twins to pop out. Fortunately, they didn't and we listened to what Susan had in mind.

"This is what I want you both to do," Susan had an evil grin on her face as she said that. I had a feeling I knew what she was up to.

"I want you to do your thing with the redhead out there. You may even get a tip since I got a discount. If it goes like I want it to, you'll get the tip."

The girls looked at each other and nodded, wanting to be sure they got their money, they agreed.

"What's her name?" the brunette asked.

"Cherise, and don't hold back. By the way, I'm Susan, this is my dad, Charles."

The brunette introduced herself, her name was Vicki, the blonde smiled as she shook my hand introducing herself as Debbie. She and Susan seemed to take a bit longer shaking hands. Maybe it was my imagination but the blonde seemed to puff her chest out more when Susan was looking at her than any other time. I think my darling stepdaughter was fascinated by the size of the girl's breasts. 

The girls got their things together to begin the show, slipping a CD in a little player, then adjusting their costumes. Debbie asked Susan to help her which she seemed more than willing to do. She straightened the girl's vest after making sure her bikini top was perfect. Debbie grinned, giving Susan a peck on the cheek along with a 'Thank-you'. My daughter looked a bit flush after that but again it could have been my imagination. Standing back, she nodded her approval with Debbie posing and showing off her wares.

I hadn't really thought I'd stay to watch the "planned" show but this was getting good so I decided to stick around to see what happened. I exited the kitchen taking up a position against the wall near the entry to the hall so I could see Cherise's reactions. Susan came out, coughing to get everyone's attention since they were all huddled talking in whispers, wondering what was going on.

Susan began, "Ladies, we have a slight change in plans for tonight's entertainment. I hope you all enjoy it and look at this in the spirit it was intended. Cherise, don't hate me but, there are a couple of cowgirls here who know you have already roped your man. They want to show you how to keep him corralled so he won't become a stray little doggie. They are here to show you the proper way of doing just that."

She did her best to keep a straight face as she was making up the intro. It did sound a bit lame but what can you do at the last minute when you're playing an unplanned joke. As they sat and waited we heard a song start. "Back in the saddle again" by Aerosmith came on as the two girls came out swishing and strutting. The blonde was twirling a little lariat and holding the music while the brunette spun two little six-shooters on her fingers. Debbie set the player down on a chair then continued her routine. I have to admit they did look cute doing that. I laughed but a couple of the girls just sat there staring, wondering what was going on. Cherise looked at Susan and nearly coughed Margarita out her nose as the two "entertainers" strutted towards her doing just what they would have done had the audience been male.

Debbie wore a small cowboy hat, vintage 1950's pink, fringed in white. A matching vest which was too tiny to be of much practical use covered her upper body. Under her vest, her bra was red with white stripes on one breast, the other was blue with little white stars. The two triangular pieces of shiny cloth barely covered her areolas. Her pink chaps matched her hat and vest; the tiny fringes on her chaps looked a bit frayed as she strutted about. She wore a pair of six inch clear heels commonly known as 'stripper heels' I discovered later. Her outfit couldn't help but bring one's eyes to her bust and tight ass. I guess that's why she wore what she did, maximum titillation.

Vicki was dressed in a white satin vest with matching shiny shorts that clung to her like a second skin. Her shoes were a bit more like boots while still having the six-inch elevation. Her long, tanned legs were taut and definitely her main focal point. Her too small white hat contrasted with her hair color and dark olive complexion which made the outfit that much more appealing on her. Her holsters slung low on her waist were home to the matching plastic, pearled handled six-shooters she twirled in her entrance.

The two girls walked around the room showing off their bodies while smiling at each of the six girls. Their movements meant for enticement; clutching themselves and contorting their bodies to taunt and tease the usual male clients seemed to have the opposite effect on a couple of the girls. Their focus eventually turned to Cherise, each sauntering up to her and displaying their wares. Vicki took Cherise's hand and pulled her somewhat reluctantly to a chair that Susan had managed to sneak out to the middle of the room. The two girls swayed and bobbed up and down in front and to her sides as she sat there turning a bright crimson. She looked at Susan with eyes that could have pierced steel. She told my daughter her she was going to get even, but Susan just doubled over laughing as Debbie began removing her chaps and shaking her ass in front of Cherise.

When Debbie began removing clothes two girls stood up and began their goodbyes. Debbie shut the music off thinking they had just been canned. The two girls said the idea was funny but they just didn't want to see it actually happen. Debbie and Vicki apologized, the girls told them not to worry about it. It wasn't anyone's fault and that it was really a cute idea. Susan and Cherise walked them to the door while Vicki and Debbie stood around waiting. The room seemed eerily quiet so I walked over to our dancers to thaw some of the ice.

"I'm being a bad host, would you two like something to drink?"

"Whatever is easy," Vicki said and Debbie nodded. I felt bad for them, it wasn't their fault the girls were prudes and they couldn't stand a joke. Susan and Cherise walked back in discussing something when they saw Vicki and Debbie sipping Margaritas I had brought them.

"We can continue if you want, Susan. We made a deal. We have no problem living up to it." Debbie smiled as she looked at the rest of them.

Cherise came up with a change of plans, "Why don't we change it a bit?" 

"How about instead of focusing on me, give us all little individual shows; maybe we can learn something to keep our men folk home nights," she added with a smirk and a slight twang.

"Sure, we can do that. When we're done, if you want our business cards we could do like a class or something. Dancing is really a great cardio workout when it's done right," Vicki mentioned.

"Sounds good, I definitely think we may learn something tonight." Susan smiled looking directly at Debbie.

The attendees all kicked off their flip-flops while their instructors dismounted from their heels. Now all the girls were comfortable and barefoot, ready for the lessons to begin.

I excused myself and headed back out to the shop. I have security cameras throughout the house and property so I thought I'd just peek in on them from there. I fired up the computer then logged into my feed. It was black and white with no sound which really didn't matter to me right then.

I saw the partygoers sit back down, drinks in hand. Both Vicki and Debbie removed their tiny vests leaving them in the skimpy bras and minuscule shorts. Vicki removed her toy gun belt which joined the vests on an empty chair. Debbie started their little CD player once more. This time the music must have been slower and softer because the stripper's movements were more fluid and seductive. She must have turned the volume down so they could answer questions and describe why they were doing something in particular. I saw pauses in the action and either Debbie or Vicki explaining things to the girls. All four remaining girls sat back and watched; sipping their drinks that Susan refreshed while they were focusing on their instructors. 

The girl's bodies were amazing, Vicki's legs were deliciously tanned, long and toned. They seemed like they went on forever; I'm guessing her shoes had a lot to do with it accentuating her calves. Debbie's breasts were large and obviously enhanced. She made them the focus of her dance. She'd massage and cup them then say something to the girls which made them all giggle and a couple of them blush.

After the first dance with Debbie and Vicki dancing as individuals, the girls got up asking questions then trying some of the moves. I watched as each girl took her turn with an instructor, slowly moving while the others corrected and commented on how she moved. I sat there mesmerized watching their hands gently touch each other; a smile here and there as each seemed to delight in caressing. I was a bit astounded watching my daughter and Debbie do a little bump and grind routine. They traded off with Cherise and Vicki, each seeming to enjoy rubbing their bodies against each other, not caring who looked on. The other two girls watched, sipping and commenting to each other. They looked around to make sure I wasn't around spying on them or they were embarrassed at what they were watching. After another few minutes, they got up to say their goodbyes. Debbie shut the music off once more and patiently waited. Cherise along with Susan walked their friends out to the car. Debbie and Vicki stood together talking while my girls were bidding their guest's goodbye. I saw them each say something then a lick of the lips accompanied by raised eyebrows and head nods. I heard a car start and drive off leaving the two strippers with my girls.

When they returned Debbie seemed to ask Susan if she wanted to continue. Susan nodded yes and the busty blonde switched the CD player back on, a broad smile on her face. This time the dancing was slower with a lot more body contact. Vickie and Debbie had been drinking Margaritas along with the other girls since I left. I could see them shimmy up and down while Cherise and Susan were grinding themselves into their respective dance partners. They'd switch partners after a few moves, then dance individually. Vicki danced with Susan while Debbie and Cherise stood by. They would do a 'hands on' critique after a few moves. When I say 'hands on', I really mean it. Gropes and caresses abounded as each of my girls followed the instructions they were given. They kept switching back and forth as the instructions continued. They paired off one last time, Susan with Debbie and Cherise with Vicki. I could see both Cherise and Susan close their eyes as they swayed together with their partners.

The 'teachers' now stood behind the girls holding each close, breasts pressed into the backs of my darlings, hands on their tummies as they rhythmically swayed back and forth. I noticed both Vicki and Debbie ease the girls' blouses out from their shorts to hang free. No resistance or complaints were offered. Once that was completed they slipped their hands under the fabric in order to touch bare skin. Neither Susan nor Cherise objected to the warm embraces and the exploring hands of their instructors as the music played and they moved together.

The dancers' hands massaged the girls' tummies and sides while whispering in their ears. Both my girls, eyes closed were enjoying the movement along with was being said in their ears. Debbie and Vicki then removed their hands from the girl's flesh. Reaching up from behind, their hands outside the girls' blouses, they began unbuttoning the garments covering their partners, each one from the bottom up as they swayed to the music. When they got closer to the girls' breasts Susan and Cherise took over, removing the remaining fasteners to their tops. The dancers helped slide the blouses off the girls' shoulders and onto the chairs staged about the room. I saw Debbie whisper in Susan's ear once again causing a shiver to shoot through her body. Debbie then used one hand to release the hook freeing her partner's bra. Susan lowered her arms letting the bra drop down to rest on top of her blouse.

Simultaneously, Cherise was doing the same thing with Vicki. The two dancers then turned the girls around and began slow dancing with them. 
