 My heart raced the moment I saw her. Donna, my adolescent crush, my neighbor's wife, had just packed up her groceries and was headed home, no doubt. I only occasionally visited my home town even though I only lived 25 miles away now. Today, I had just finished lunch at one of my old haunts when there she was. 

Donna wasn't just a MILF when I was growing up, she was the one. She was probably 28 years old when I was 15. Good God, this woman was spectacular in every way. She resembled Farrah Fawcett with a luscious 5' 9" body complete with a solid 36 C cup and an ass to die for. I spent many nights stroking to the thought of my cock pressed up against her body and worshipping every inch of it. When my parents put in a pool, Donna spent considerable time at our house teaching her kids to swim. She had a dazzling array of swimwear which would make my teenage cock swell like never before or since. Many times, I would hide in the bathroom peeking out the window and jerking off like crazy at the sex goddess just outside. 

I had always hoped she would ask me to babysit her kids, so that I could rummage through her undergarments for a smell and a taste of her sweetness. Sadly, it never came to pass and I was left fantasizing about lacy black panties and thongs that would never find my lips or my cock. As years passed, I had always hoped to find photos of her on social media, but again I would be disappointed. Man, how can a woman this hot be kept under wraps for so long?

Now, here she was after all this time, wearing a sexy red sundress with red lipstick and sandals showing off her elegant manicured toes. Before I had time to compose my thoughts, she had gotten into her SUV and was pulling away. Damn, I thought, I should've walked up to her, given her a big hug and invited her for coffee or something. Fuck it, I'm going to follow her into the old neighborhood and try to get another look. 

Donna drove up the street just ahead of me and pulled into her driveway. I slowed down as I approached my old house and then I was in front of her house. Donna was walking towards the mailbox and I stopped the car and got out. 

"Hey stranger." I called out in my most confident voice. 

It took Donna a few seconds to make the connection. "Pete, oh my God! How are you? It's been, what, 15 years? What are you doing here?" 

"Just checking out the old neighborhood," I lied. My heart was pounding as I stood in the driveway of my all time #1 crush and the woman that I had been fantasizing over for 25 years. 

We made small talk for a couple of minutes. Donna told me that her kids were away at college and that her husband who I had known for years had divorced her a year ago. What a fucking dumbass, I thought to myself. A million other thoughts were racing around my head and then she said it. 

"Why don't you come in and stay for awhile and keep me company? We've got so much to catch up on." 

The 16 year old inside me was losing his mind, while the 40 year old me was trying to keep his cool. "Sure Donna, that sounds good. Let me give you a hand with the groceries and we can go inside." 

With that, I was inside the palace of my queen. Donna poured two glasses of wine and I sat in the kitchen while she put her groceries away. I stole glances at her every time she moved. She obviously worked out as her body was extremely fit for a woman in her early 50's. After all these years, she was still very much a MILF.

We chatted for awhile about my parents, her kids, the neighbors and just about everything else. She said the people that bought my parents house weren't very friendly and that she missed the old days swimming in the pool. I saw an opening and went for it. 

"You know Donna, I always enjoyed your company especially during the summer. Truth be told, seeing what swimwear you would be wearing each time was one of the highlights of my teenage years. For a 16 year old without a girlfriend, it was pretty exciting". 

Donna was clearly blushing. "Let's move into the living room," she said. I sat in an easy chair while Donna moved over to the sofa. She kicked off her shoes and put her sexy feet up on the table. 

"Pete, I always knew that you found me attractive and I enjoyed showing off my body by your pool. It was fun to tease you with my skimpy bikinis. Many times I could tell that you needed to cool off in the water in order to hide something. It was a fun game and made me feel sexy". 

Donna crossed and uncrossed her legs a couple of times and I caught a few glances up her sundress a little more each time. She clearly knew what she was doing. By now, my cock was straining against my pants and I was having trouble concentrating on her words. She told me that her husband had cheated on her with a younger woman and Donna had kicked him out. 

"Donna, I'm sorry to hear about all of this" I said. "If you ask me, he's a stupid man. I can't imagine any man would walk away from this," I told her as I gestured towards her body. 

Donna poured herself another glass of wine from the bottle that was sitting on the coffee table. She took a sip and deliberately let some fall from her lips. She licked her lips very slowly and started to spread her legs out to give me an even better view. I could now see her pink panties from where I was sitting. I adjusted my cock and stood up and walked over to her. 

Without saying a word, I dropped to my knees at her feet and began rubbing them. She had beautiful feet and I soon started licking her feet and sucking on her well manicured toes. I honestly could've cum in my pants right then and there. Donna leaned her head back on the couch and started rubbing herself through her sundress. I continued her foot worship for several minutes. I stopped, straddled her torso and kissed her passionately on the lips. Our tongues danced around each others mouths like two long lost lovers. She was absolutely gorgeous. I grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her mouth into mine even further. Her tongue darted in and out of my mouth and I could barely take anymore. 

"Let's go in the bedroom," Donna whispered. I did not have to be told twice as I followed Donna into her bedroom and laid down on her lonely bed. I had fantasized about this for what felt like 1000 times over the years and it was now actually happening. Donna climbed onto the bed and undid my belt buckle. She pulled her sundress over her head exposing her incredible tits. Instinctively, I reached out to grab them, but she had other plans. Donna slowly pulled my pants down exposing my rock hard 7 inch cock. 

"Well, well. Look at the present that's been waiting for me." Donna started stroking me and running her long fingernails up and down the length of my shaft. I started thinking about football and running down the list of teams in my head to stop from cumming right there on the spot. I needed to calm myself down somehow. The football game worked and I reached a level of steadiness just as Donna lowered her mouth onto the tip of my cock. She started using that amazing tongue of hers and licked me up and down. Soon she started sucking me like I had never been blown before. I grabbed her head with two hands as she bobbed up and down. She was licking and sucking like crazy and my cock was drenched in her saliva. She took all of my 7 inches into her mouth and held it there for several seconds until her gag reflex took over. She pulled me out and started licking me again, cleaning up all of the extra saliva. I was no stranger to a good blow job, but Donna was taking it to a whole other level. She massaged my balls with one hand while jerking my cock with her other hand. All the while, her mouth and tongue kept up the pace. I honestly do not know how I didn't blow load after load of hot cum into her mouth at that moment, but I summoned the skills of the great pornstars and somehow made it to round 2.

I pulled Donna's face away from my cock and up to mine. I kissed her again with the same passion as when we began. Her lips and mouth were so sensual, I could've made out with her for hours. I flipped her over onto her back and started moving my mouth down her neck and to her firm breasts. I slowly took one nipple into my mouth while firmly massaging her other breast. I then did the same on the other side. Donna moaned with ecstasy as I brought my hand down to the front of her pink panties. Her panties were soaked with her juices. Dear God, this was amazing. I couldn't believe my good fortune.

I stuck my hand inside the front of her panties and found Donna's soaking wet pussy. She bucked her hips and invited my fingers into her warm box. My other hand trailed down from her breasts, down past her belly and I started feeling up her leg. Without saying a word, I pulled her panties down in one swift motion and removed them from her body. Her pussy was glorious, neatly trimmed and glistening with her juices. I lowered my head and began licking her swollen clit. I moved my other hand under her ass and started gently rubbing circles around her asshole. I continued to explore her pussy with my tongue. Donna wrapped her legs around my head to pull me closer. Her scent was an intoxicating mix of sweat and sex and I found myself wanting to never forgot her aroma. I continued my tongue assault and gently inserted one finger then two into her tight asshole. 

"Oh fuck, Pete, don't stop!" Donna screamed as I increased the pace in both of her holes. Her ass tightened around my fingers as I pushed deeper into her sweet asshole. 

"Oh my God, keep fucking my ass with your fingers. Oh I'm gonna cum, yes, yes, yes!" And with that, Donna let out a torrent of cum all over my lips and face. I continued licking her beautiful pussy and the inside of her thighs so I would be sure not to leave anything behind. I withdrew my fingers from her tight asshole and brought them to my face. I inhaled the amazing scent of her sticky, sweaty ass and then licked them clean. 

"Donna, your ass tastes amazing and I want more," I said. I flipped Donna onto her stomach and began lovingly licking at her swollen rosebud. I spread her cheeks apart and licked her asshole up and down as if it was my last meal. I spanked her ass a few times for good measure and Donna screamed with excitement. 

"Pete, I need your hard cock in my wet pussy, right now." 

I entered Donna slowly from behind with her ass up in the air. As soon as my cock was inside her pussy, Donna started pushing back and fucking me like crazy. Think football. God, I needed to make this last. I grabbed a handful of Donna's long hair and pulled while she slammed her body against mine. I don't know how long it had been since Donna had been well fucked, but she was enjoying this as much as I was, if that was even possible. 

Needing a breather, I withdrew from her pussy, but Donna turned around and immediately began slurping her juices off of my cock. I leaned my head back, marveling at this glorious sight and sensation years in the making. Donna sucked and licked for another minute or so and then lay down with her legs spread waiting for me. 

"Give me more of that hard cock, Pete. I want it bad," Donna practically shouted. My balls had filled with so much cum that I had been leaking all over for the past 30 minutes. I raised her legs up over my shoulders and began plunging my stiff dick into her soaking wet pussy. I leaned down and started kissing her again while my cock crashed in and out of her pussy. I leaned back again and spread her legs as far apart as they could go. 

"God, it's so hard and deep in my pussy. I fucking love it. Slam that cock into me, harder, harder, harder." I was fucking my dream MILF as hard and as fast as I possibly could. I had reached the state of arousal where cumming was possible at any moment. 

"I'm gonna cum, Donna. How do you want me?" I asked. 

"I want your hot cum deep in my pussy. Keep fucking me, Pete. I've wanted this for so long, too. Fill me up with your cum, baby."

I let loose with the biggest load of cum that I've ever unloaded. My cock thrust deeply into her pussy over and over and it felt like I would never stop cumming. Donna's cunt was milking me for every last drop and when I finally finished, there was an enormous pool of cum leaking out of her. 

"Let me suck that cock dry" she said with authority. Before I could react, Donna was licking my cock completely dry and squeezing every last drop into her mouth. She licked and licked some more and my cock rested between her sexy lips. 

"Jesus...fucking...Christ" was all I could muster. 

Donna released my cock from her grasp and smiled. "Was it everything you dreamed it would be?" she asked knowingly. 

"Kent was a fucking idiot to leave you, Donna. In my wildest teenage fantasies, I never imagined this. That was mind blowing. I need to see you again, when can we do this again?"

Donna rolled out of bed and put on a robe. "Open your hand" she said as she walked back over to me. Donna bent over and placed her soaked pink panties in my hand. 

"Whenever you want to, baby. I'm all yours. I have lots more to show you and many more games we can play. The neighbors are going on vacation next week and asked if I would keep an eye on the place. I hear they have a pool." 

We both laughed at the joke and visions of Donna by the pool came flooding back to me. I couldn't wait to visit next week and see what type of swimwear Donna was going to choose for the occasion.