 I’m a nice guy. Always have been always will be. It’s who I am. I really am a nice guy. When I’m around women I’m respectful. I listen, I compliment, I consider their feelings. For me “no” has always meant “no.” If I told you that I didn’t get much action you wouldn’t be surprised. Not that I’m complaining OK I’m complaining a little…but I understand that it’s my fault. I’ve even been fixed up with “sure things”, except it wasn’t. We’d get to talking and soon I’m sympathizing with them and we leave as friends. Only to find out later she called up some random guy who stayed all night. We’re still friends, sometimes I watch her kids when she goes out.

Before you say anything I’ve played the part of a tough guy and it worked. Up to the point where she was ready to have sex and I had to tell her the truth. She was pissed off. A lady friend told me later when I told her the whole story that I might as well have called the girl a slut. She tried to explain I guess I just didn’t get it.

Anyway, things had been kinda crazy at work. Our company had bought a small graphics group and my team was responsible for integrating them into our business. I found myself working regularly with Karen, one of our new co-workers. She was terrific. I mean she was smart. She was good-looking too. Too good looking for me, oh don’t get me wrong. I mean that she was so good looking a guy like me wouldn’t stand a chance. So we talked and flirted a little, okay it really wasn’t flirting I simply noticed her clothes and hair and complimented her. Paid attention to her, listened to her. I could see that we were on the way to becoming good friends – oh well. 

All of this preambling on my part is leading up to an end of the year company party. We were also celebrating the completed integration of the new graphics group; we’d finished way ahead of schedule. Unfortunately that meant that Karen and I wouldn’t be working together as much – I was kind of bummed about that. Anyway, at the party I was drinking a bit more then usual and had a nice buzz going. I wanted to talk with Karen and thank her for her cooperation but I didn’t see her anywhere. Eventually I wandered back to my section and was delighted to see Karen there. She looked great. She usually wore nicely tailored suits but I guess since it was casual Friday she - WOW – she was wearing a wrap around skirt with a t-shirt top. From the back she appeared to be braless! When I called out to her she turned and she was definitely braless, her nipples poked the cotton material outward and cast distinct shadows. She was holding a postcard in her hand. It was one of those Island girl cards with a beautiful nude Island girl on it. Oops!

OK so sue me. I collect stamps. And I ask people traveling abroad to send me postcards back. One of the guys I work with was on vacation and had sent me the postcard; it had a great stamp on it. Oh why am I even bothering to explain? Anyway, Karen was looking intently at the back of the postcard. I figured that maybe she was into stamps also so I asked her.

“So Karen, have you been a philatelist for very long.” She must have turn six shades of red. I pressed onward, “I’m always asking people to get me new ones. I must say that I have quite a collection; I was twelve when I got my first one. How about you?”

“You were twelve?!” I was transfixed as Karen’s nipples became noticeably more prominent. “I, I…I was seventeen, the first time.” I couldn’t help but notice that she was almost panting. And her eyes were nearly black. Her hand was gripping the postcard so tightly that it was visibly shaking.

“Hey, know what? If you want it I’ll give it to you right now. I don’t get around that much.  I like getting them whenever and wherever possible, but you know what they say, ‘it’s better to give then to receive.’ So if you want it just say so.”

“Right here, in your office? I’ve never done it at work before. OK! I’ll do it, I mean I’ll let you do me. Oh God I can’t believe I’m about to do this. Lock the door. Please.” As I turned to lock the door it began to dawn on me that maybe were weren’t talking about stamps. When I turned back around to Karen had already removed her skirt and was standing in her t-shirt and panties. She sat up on my desk and leaned back against one of the flat panel displays. Her knees were still together but she had lifted her feet above the top of the desk. The gusset of her panties was soaked and the bulge of her labia was unmistakable. I was about to explain our communication misunderstanding when I inhaled her scent. My alcohol buzz became a deep intoxication of lust. Suddenly, the only thought in my mind was P*U*S*S*Y! I wanted pussy. I needed pussy. I had to have pussy! 

I sat in my chair and slid forward. I leaned in close and drank deeply of the musky fragrance of her cunt. I hooked my fingers into the waistband of her panties and tugged gently. “These are in the way.”  Once I cleared her hips I pulled the soaked cotton up her legs until they cleared her feet. “You won’t need them anymore.” I stuffed them in my pants pocket.  Her scent filled the room. I put her left foot on the right armrest and her right foot on the left. I was looking right at the most beautiful vulva I had ever seen – it was perfect. Her outer lips, the labia majora, were thick with blood, the edges swelling to the point of turning slightly inside out so that a hint of bright pink delight was just visible. She was leaking so abundantly that her perineum as well as her rosebud anus glistened with her fluids. Her lips spread slightly at the top of her vagina becoming a puffy cleft that disappeared into a soft down of light blonde hair. “You are so beautiful. So beautiful.”

I lightly touched her lips causing her to shudder and inhale sharply. I looked up and smiled at her. Her eyes were so glazed I wasn’t sure she could even see me. I began to stroke her slowly. My touch was so light that I barely felt her. But she could feel me. A low chorus of sounds began to rain upon my ears, “MMMM’s” and “AHHHH’s” and “OHHHH’s” and the occasional “yes.” Her lips began to open as I pressed a little harder. Up one side and down the other, sometimes two fingers straddling her slit moving in tandem. I couldn’t wait any longer I had to see inside her so I positioned my thumbs and delicately pulled her cunt apart. I was transfixed. All of my senses were engaged; the heat of her skin, the sound of her enjoyment, the smell of her need, the vision of her perfection – I had to taste her, I couldn’t wait any longer.

I leaned in and licked her from bottom to top. She moaned loudly in pleasure, so I did it again. Slow languid licks alternating with deep plunges of my tongue. Always careful to avoid any contact with her clit.  Her fingers her tangled in my hair and her vocalizations had become an incoherent babble. I slowly pushed a finger into her and felt her spasm around it. She was very tight. I turned my palm up and began to stroke gently against the inside of her cunt. When my finger was almost out I would push up more and watch as her clit would rise and reveal itself. I began to lick on each side while carefully avoiding the sensitive tip. The next time I exposed her clit I licked right across the tip; she squealed and bucked her hips. I repeated this again and again slowly adding licks until it was a constant tongue massage. I increased the stroking action of my finger and she went nuts. Absolutely insane. Her thighs were flapping, her hips jerking, and then I tongue thwacked her. I sucked her clit into my mouth and clamped down with my lips. I thrummed my tongue back and forth across the exposed tip as hard and as fast as I could. A deep from the gut “OHHH” was broken off in mid exhalation and she went rigid. I kept going at it. Her body snapped like a whip three times and she completed her exhale. “HAAAAA.” I immediately released her clit and looked up. 

Her eyes were literally fluttering. She was covered in sweat, her t-shirt was so wet that it was plastered to her breasts. Her hand were grabbing at me. “I need you in me. NOW.” I didn’t need to be told twice. I stood and unbuckled my belt and pants. I pushed it all down to my ankles. My cock was as hard as it could possibly be. I was the one shaking now. I pulled her hips to the edge of the desk and pushed my cock flat aiming straight into the core of her sex. I watched as the head of my cock slid into her – GOD SHE WAS TIGHT. I back off and pushed again – deeper, and again, and again until I finally pushed my pubic bone against hers. YES! I didn’t want to move for the rest of my life. But a greater need rose up – I needed to cum like I needed air. I slowly pulled back to the sound of a needful whimper, “nooo.” I pushed back in, “Yessss.” I pulled back. “nooo.” And pushed in faster, “ohhhh.” Faster and faster I went. I began to fuck Karen as hard and as fast as I could – and she loved it.

She was moving her hips in time with me and I knew I wouldn’t last long. She knew it to and began a steady chant, “Come in me.” I was only too happy to oblige. Usually when I feel my orgasm catch hold it seems to build up from my nuts. This one seemed to be starting throughout my entire body. Every nerve seemed to be revving up for this. Sweat began to drip off of me and my body heat soared. The feeling of impending orgasm seemed to grow stronger then I had ever experienced before. I came.

It felt as if the center of my body filled with pressure and then released into my cock. I could feel it swell as never before, Karen felt it too. Because she wrapped her legs tight around me and clamped me deep inside her. I roared with my release. With each spasm of ejaculation I roared. I continued to spasm long after I had emptied all I had into her. The spasms just went on and on. When they finished I was aware that I was holding her as tightly as she was holding me. I was truly spent and I felt my cock begin to soften inside her. She wouldn’t let me go. Of course, I didn’t let go of her either.

Then it struck me I hadn’t even kissed her. I lifted my head and she looked – man she looked beautiful. I tilted my head and kissed her softly on her lips. We enjoyed long slow sensual kiss, a lover’s kiss. She was definitely kissing back when she began to laugh. A giggle that grew quickly until we were both laughing hard. So hard that she squeezed my cock right out of her, this only made us laugh more. This caused her to leak a considerable amount of our combined bodily fluids onto my desk. I helped her to stand.

“I think I need my panties. What have you done to me?” I pulled her panties out of my pocket and was about to hand them to her when I stopped and returned them to my pocket. “Stephen, I need those now. I’m already starting to drip down my legs.” I grabbed a handful of tissues and offered them to her. “This’ll just become a soggy mess and fall apart and be an even bigger embarrassment to me. I need my panties.” I would not give them up. She tried everything from pleading to threats to cajoling me. Finally I offered her a solution. I held them before her and suggested an exchange, she could have these now in exchange for the pair she would be wearing tomorrow night.

“I thought you were a nice guy? You always treated me nicely. You never tried anything at least until today. And now you want me to trade a night of sex with you for my own underwear? You’re not very nice at all.”

“Who said anything about sex? My, my, my you are a horny one aren’t you?”

“Oh! You bastard! OH!” Her face screwed up like she was about to cry. “I can’t imagine what you must think of me.” She choked off a sob. “I guess you think I’m just a sl…”

“NO! NO! I think you’re incredible you’re smart you’re beautiful, you’re sexy. I think you’re the most amazing woman I’ve ever met.”

“You’re just saying that. All you want to do now is just fuck me when it pleases you and too bad for me. You’re just like all the other guys.”

“NO. You know I’m not like that. I admit that this is a unique way of starting a relationship. But I can assure you that I hold you in the highest regard. I mean that. I’ve never done anything like this – ever. It’s just that our time working together was over and I was realizing that I was going to miss you. Then, when I saw you here I had to...” I began to chuckle a bit. “You know it’s really kind of funny.”

“What’s funny, lover.” Oh did I like the sound of that. I brushed her hair back and realized that I had very strong feelings for Karen. “Am I your lover, really?” She hummed an affirmative. “What’s funny…lover.” My cock began to harden.

“Well. In a way this was all a simple misunderstanding. A play on words kind of thing.” Karen noticed my erection poking her in the stomach. She sat me on the edge of the desk and stroked me until I was fully erect again. She bent down and licked my cock until it was good and wet. She straddled my hips and slowly impaled herself upon me. “Word play?”

“Oh. Oh yeah.” God she felt good. “When you were looking at the stamp I asked if you were a philatelist, you know – a stamp collector, and I guess you assumed I was saying fellatitrix. I was, ‘Oh God.’ I was talking about the stamp, ’Oh, Oh, Oh.’ And I think you though I was asking if you were into giving oral se… se… sex.” Karen began to move faster and she wiggled her hips in some kind of sexual hula dance. I could tell she was getting close when her movements became erratic. I wanted her from behind. I lifted her up and we disengaged with a ’pop.’  I carried her to the office couch and bent her over the armrest. I was in her in an instant. Pumping her for all I was worth. I felt her cunt tighten around me and over the top I went. After I pulled out I leaned back on the couch staring at her upturned ass. She struggled to stand and ended up sitting in my lap. I could feel her leaking all over my stomach. I began to kiss her mouth and face. 

I was simply lost in her gaze. As she smiled at me I noticed a change in her expression. The sweet post-orgasmic glow gave way to a look of certainty, even triumph. “Word play? My Dad collected stamps for years. I’ve collected too. I think my collection is just about complete.” 

I understood her all to well – I had made a philatal mistake.