 “C’mon quickly, get in there before someone sees us.” 

“Ok. Ok. I still can’t believe you convinced me to do this.” I ran through the cemetery gates, following Phil as he led me through the darkness.

“Remind me why we’re doing this again?” I asked him, watching the ground so not to step on any grave markers. He smiled at me, though it was barely detectable. He reached out and grabbed my hand, pulling me along

“Follow me.” He stopped momentarily, kissing me passionately. 

Continuing on our trek, we weaved in and out of gravesites, pausing every now and then to share a passionate embrace. Finally, Phil paused in front of a mausoleum.

“This is it.” He let go of my hand. “The Dubois family has owned this since the Pre-Civil War era. Rumor has it this place is haunted by Marie Dubois.” He stopped his story to open the doors. We walked in and looked around. I turned my flashlight on to get a better look at the place. I saw markers indicating dates that were at least 150 years old. I widened my eyes in fascination. Phil continued with the story, “She was caught in the passionate embrace of her lover by her husband, Jacques. Enraged by the site, he shot them both and rumor has it cut their bodies up. No one ever found their bodies.” 

“How sad.” Phil came up behind me and started kissing my neck. “Mmm. What are you trying to do?”

“Nothin.” He grabbed my ass gently and started kissing me again. “Just can’t keep my hands off of you.” He mumbled between kisses. I turned around to face him. I smiled seductively then kissed him deeply. He grabbed onto my butt and lifted me up, my legs wrapped around his waist, pinning me to the wall lined with grave markers. I grabbed his hair softly as he kissed me again, slowly moving down to my scantily clad cleavage. He ran his tongue along my bra line as he slowly brought us lower to the ground. Laying me down, he ran his hands up my thighs and underneath my skirt. Tracing the outline of my thong, he reached the waistband and slowly pulled it off of me. I gasped softly as I felt his finger gently massage my clit. He leaned forward, placing his lips gently on mine as he slowly slid his finger into mine.

“Mmm, I love how tight you are.” He smirked as he took his finger out and started to take my shirt off. Kissing my stomach as he lifted the shirt, he skillfully used my shirt to pin my arms down above my head. He smiled as he kissed me again, and then let my hands go. He kissed his way back down my stomach. Reaching my skirt he moved down to my knee and ran his tongue up my thigh. He spread my legs and slowly placed his face in front of my slit. He gently spread me with his two index fingers and plunged his tongue deep into me.

“Oh god” I moaned. He lapped at my slit while he plunged his fingers deep in me and back out. “Mmm. I wanna feel you inside of me.” I sat up and looked him in the eyes. “I want you to fuck me.” He smiled at me and nodded. He kissed me, letting me taste myself. I started to lift his shirt over his head as he slid my skirt down my hips and off of me. I unbuckled his belt and started to unzip his jeans. He pulled them down below his ass, revealing his throbbing cock. I licked my finger and ran it down the length of his cock, then ran my hands over his hips and rested them on his ass, grabbing it gently. He kissed me, laying me back down. Lifting his upper body onto his arms, he smiled and slowly slid into me. My body was overcome with pleasure as his cock filled me. I wrapped my legs around him as I closed my eyes and let my body be overwhelmed. I moaned softly, feeling Phil slide in and out of me. 

“Oh god baby you feel so good.” Phil moaned. He pressed his body against me, grabbing my hands and pinning them above my head. “You’re so tight baby, I never wanna take my cock out of you.” He whispered into my ear as he pumped his cock into me faster and harder. 

My back began to arch as I felt my body orgasming, succumbing to the pleasure that Phil was giving me with every thrust. He felt me orgasming, and he held his dick inside of me so he could feel my body contract around him. Suddenly he got up onto his knees. He grabbed me by my hips and turned me over onto my knees. He spread my legs and slipped back into me. Holding onto my hips, he pushed me up and down his cock. I leaned my head back as I arched my back, feeling the pleasure overwhelm me once again. Phil grabbed my hair, which forced my back to straighten to accommodate him. His other hand he took off my hip. He raised it slightly above my ass and brought it down fast, smacking me hard.

“Oh God! Harder Phil, harder!” I screamed as he smacked my ass again.

“Oh God Ren, I’m going to cum.” He moaned. Letting go of my hair he grabbed my hips he pulled me back onto his cock as he orgasmed inside of me. I breathed heavily as he collapsed on top of me. He wrapped his arms around me, kissing the back of my neck gently as he regained his composure. “That was so amazing. I’ve never cummed like that before.” He said in between breaths. All of a sudden there was a rustling outside.

“Oi, is thaur anyain in thaur?” A voice outside said. Phil and I both froze like deer in headlights. A few minutes later we heard the voice say “Guess nae main be lugs playin tricks oan me.” 

“Oh my god that was so close.” I whispered to Phil. He nodded in agreement. We smiled and kissed each other. We hurriedly put our clothes back on and, making sure the coast was clear, slipped out of the mausoleum. We ran as fast as we could to the gate, making sure no one saw us. Once we got outside of the gate, we stopped to catch our breaths.

“That was so amazing.” Phil said, kissing me.

“Yah, it was.” 

“We gotta do it again sometime.” We smiled at each other, and walked away arm in arm.