 Her body was perfection, sleek as a cat, tapered thighs and muscular calves, dangerous ass curves and precipitously sloped breast mounds. Hers were the kind of long, elegant, sensuous lines that draw the eye to it, and certainly were drawing Carl's. Her physical form was a bold and even defiant statement that spoke powerfully of the mystery and promise and passion of woman. He held his brawny torso over hers and slowly drew his ten inches of solid unyielding powerful steel against the soft burning fire between her young and supple thighs.

Carl stirred on his couch, trying to adjust his erection in his pajamas. He knew if he even touched it, the damn thing might explode. He wanted to finish fucking her before he stroked himself to finally release the exquisite tension that was building inside him. 

It was a tension that had been building for the past three months between he and his neighbor's cute daughter. He imagined her right now in her darkened bedroom on the bed, caressing her breasts, pinching the perfect points at the end, waiting for his big virtual cock to turn her into a quivering mass of jelly.

He wondered if it hurt at all, this kind of sex, hurt her legs, or hips.

It all started so innocently.

Shayleen was the neighbor's child. Child? She was eighteen and about as cute as cute can be at eighteen. Blonde wavy hair that always seemed on the verge of flying away from her head, lips as full and red as two ripe plums, breasts so soft yet firm and shapely they seemed to have a life of their own. Was that even possible? Could tits have personalities and agendas and motivations separate from the woman they are attached to? Because it was her breasts that seduced Carl.

Her legs and hips, however, made him wince with sympathetic pain. Shayleen survived the accident that took her lower half, but her lower half didn't. She was paralyzed from the waist down. 

It had been in a moment of neighborly largess that Carl had one day volunteered to drive her to classes three days a week on his way to work. The argument between mother and daughter was a loud and strident one that he couldn't help but overhearing as he washed his truck in his driveway. 

"I will drive you, Shayleen," Moira stated, "I'll just have to be a little late for work."

"Mother," Shayleen shot back, "I'll take a bus, I'll hitchhike, before I sit in a car for forty five minutes with you three days a week."

"I can take her," Carl had chirped in, looking across the short hedge dividing the two properties. "It will be no problem. I drive right by the college. And I can get to work any time I want."

That was true. He was one of the owners of the small financial consulting firm and he made his own hours. And thus, after several minutes of Moira trying to give him a chance to withdraw his offer, it was decided. Shayleen hardly said a word, just spun her wheelchair around towards Carl and thanked him shyly. She seemed to be okay with the idea.

So, that next Monday, Shayleen wheeled herself to his truck, he lifted her into the passenger seat, and that's how it all started.

The seduction of Carl Prine. By breasts. In the act of lifting her in and out of the truck three times a week he fell under the influence of the two quite excellent mounds of amazing flesh protruding from Shay's chest.

Carl couldn't help himself. Those two sweet, fine young breasts were more classic sculpture than just another pair of teenage tits. Each day, as she wrapped her arms around his neck and he lifted her, he couldn't help but appreciate the fine female artistry of that pair of lovelies. Over the coming weeks he came to realize that it didn't matter what she wore, the shape and heft and presence of her two fine ladies beneath a sweater, in a jacket, peaking from the neckline of a button up shirt, or good heavens, pushing against the thin fabric of a silken t shirt, took his breath away. Her tits, Carl discovered, seemed to dominate their interactions without ever saying a word.

Shayleen was a polite, bright eyed, lovely and adorably sweet young lady. She had the kind of girl next door beauty that is approachable and inviting and relaxed. 

But her legs were a mess -- thin, useless stems. And her hips felt limp and lifeless in his arms. 

Carl began to look forward to the commute time he spent with Shay, and not just because he got to ogle a beautiful bosom. There are people a person will meet in their lifetime with whom talking is as easy as breathing. And despite their twenty year age difference, twenty two actually, Carl found it incredibly effortless to converse with his neighbor's very sweet, quite intelligent, daughter.

He would never have thought about fucking her, of course. Of course. She was...broken...down there. Her lower half was dead to the touch. 

But somehow, Shay had kept her spirit alive. Somehow, despite the heartbreaking tragedy of it, the pain and terrible sadness of it, she was irrepressibly good-natured, funny and relentlessly curious and interested in life. 

She was pretty smart, too. Her major was computer studies. Gaming was her passion. Virtual reality was her specialty. As a blind person's hearing becomes more acute, so Shayleen's avatars and computer personas, as Carl would learn, were extremely adept, highly coordinated, fast, accurate, powerful and deadly. And sexy.

It was during that second week that they discovered their shared passion for gaming. The first week they learned they could talk like old friends about any subject, school, parents, weather, politics, jokes, movies, books, anything that came to mind. It was during just such a conversation, casual, free-flowing, that Carl inserted one of his size elevens into his big mouth.

"So tell me what is your hardest class," Carl asked that fateful day that was to be one in which his whole life subtly changed direction, a day that sent him gradually, inexorably, tumbling down a path he didn't even know existed. They were stuck in traffic on the 17 because of some kind of road work up ahead where the highway wound through the forest.

"Biology," Shay responded quickly. "You know, I realize why they call them 'text' books. They're, like, full of text. Complex, dry, thick, dull text."

"Biology? Yeah, I remember that," he chuckled, "Facts and stats and complicated systems and technical terms. But, what kind of biology are you into right now?"

"Reproduction," Shay sighed.

"Sex!" Carl blurted out, then instantly regretted it. Not only was he bringing up a subject best not spoken about with your neighbor's cute daughter. It was a subject that no doubt was the source of major heartbreak for his young teenage friend.

"Sex," she said, her voice very flat.

Carl didn't know what to say. But it would be even more embarrassing to change the subject at this point. "What have you learned?" he ventured.

"That mammals have sex with external organs. And humans are the only mammals that have sex for fun." She was staring out the window and the look on her face broke his heart.

"I'm sorry, Shay," he said and he placed a sympathetic hand on her shoulder.

"Yeah," she sighed, and then, as if he wasn't torn up enough, she began to cry quietly.

"Oh, Shay, sweetie," he gushed, "Don't...don't let it get to you. You are a wonderful, funny, gorgeous and lovely young woman."

"Who can't have sex."

"Not at all?"

"Can't feel a thing down there."

"But you have so much else going on in your life."

It sounded so lame, like rationalizing, like patronizing and avoiding the open wound he'd exposed. They drove in silence for some time, crawling along with the traffic.

"Well," Carl tried again, hoping to extricate the foot he was chewing on, "if it helps, I find you very attractive."

Shay looked at him, hard. And that's Carl noticed once again how fine her breasts really were. She was wearing a button down shirt and had the top two buttons undone. He could barely see the lacy bra that just sort of covered but couldn't quite confine the two lovely ladies on her chest. She caught him looking down there. It seemed to make her even sadder.

The rest of the drive was awkward and the conversations short. It wasn't that something had been driven between them. Quite the opposite it felt like something had happened that pulled them closer together. They had entered a new level of intimacy, broached a painful subject that she didn't get to share with other people. Both of them felt her pain and frustration. Both of them knew, too, however attractive he found her, it was not something they could ever...consummate. 

On subsequent driving days, Shay began dressing in ever more revealing shirts and sweaters. One day she wore a white shirt unbuttoned almost to her navel with a pink silk lace trimmed camisole type shirt underneath. And no bra. She'd worn a jacket too, but found reason to take that off during the drive. 

Carl began sweating at the sight of those two wonders standing so strong and firm, each just a little more than a handful with an aureole just big enough to fit in a kiss. They made his mouth water. 

And his penis rise. He sighed, hard. He'd been alone too long.

"I am not sexless," she suddenly said, cutting through the fine tension that had seeped into the confines of the truck cab. 

"Hm?" Carl hmmed, trying to sound casual, as if distracted by driving.

"I dream about sex," Shay continued, "I fantasize about sex. I long for sex."

"What is..." Carl fumbled, trying desperately to make his erection less obvious. "What is that like?"

"Well," Shay said, "it's like this." And she reached a hand over to his lap, lightly running her fingers over the outline of his cock in his slacks.

"Oh Shay," he sputtered, "Honey, I...you...we can't...I'm old enough to be your...um, much older brother. We can't..."

She pulled her hand back and stared out the window. "Nope," she said, using her flat, dejected sounding voice, "we can't," then added, "well, more specifically, I can't."

"Honey, you're my neighbor's daughter."

"And you are a fine-looking, healthy, funny, smart, hunky and...currently very erect, man."

"I'm sorry, sweetie."

"You're sorry?" she said, making it obvious she had much more to be sorry about.

"No, I mean I'm sorry that my...that I'm...well..."

"It's okay, Carl," she almost whispered, "I guess I should be flattered."

"Well, you should be," he stated. "I only wish we..."

She began crying again. It was so bad Carl pulled off the highway into a rest area and found a parking spot at the end. He pulled her over to him and held her as she continued to weep. His heart was ripped apart. 

But in that position, Shay's face was just inches away from his crotch and before he realized what she was thinking, she was once again, fondling his cock through his pants. 

"Oh Shay," he began, again, to make excuses and apologies for putting her in this situation. But she had unzipped his fly and was using her hands to pull his member from its cloth prison. Finally his full rod sprung free and he could feel her hot breath on the sensitive, throbbing head.

It had been awhile since Carl had had a woman staring down the length of his cock. But Shay was sort of caressing it with her eyes. When she reached out her tongue and licked the slit, he felt his thighs twitch on their own. When she lowered her head to take the first several inches into her cute, fat, red lips Carl couldn't help but think this was just about as sexy a sight as he might ever see. This lovely young teenager's wavy blond tresses tickled his balls while his shaft was tingling in the warm wet embrace of her willing and eager mouth. 

But her lower half was unmoving, crippled. He looked back at her upper half and his cock surged with blood. 

She actually had one hand squeezing her own breast as she began rocking her head up and down in his lap. The other hand was wrapped around the base of his cock.

Her wild blonde tresses bobbed along with her head. And she was not...bad at this. She was damned good, in fact. Her enthusiasm alone would have been enough to fire off his big cannon. He was acutely aware that she was so eager because she was making the most of what was, no doubt, a very rare opportunity in her life. Shay, he knew from their conversations, had never had a boyfriend. 

"Honey," Carl gasped, "I'm going to...to cum in...in your mouth, honey." He meant to warn her but she just moaned approval and quickened her motions. The eager sounds emitting from her mouth and throat set him off. 

She was making this slobbery gagging sound and the noises became truly obscene as he began shooting semen into her mouth. The oozing creamy cum spurting onto her tongue caused her to gag and spit and groan, but she never stopped. She swallowed it all and continued to lavish her tongue and lips over his hard flesh even after she'd sucked the last drops from his balls. She licked him clean.

She sat up, eyes huge, drooling a little bit of sperm, nipples engorged, breasts heaving and she was panting slightly. It was so amazing, so sexy, so unexpected, Carl reached over and kissed her deeply, tasting his own salty seed on her lips.

"That was," she whispered in a half moan, "the most amazing thing that's ever happened to me."

"You?" Carl exclaimed quietly, "You? You just blew me away, darlin', blew the top of my head into space."

"Can we do it again?" she asked, still looking dazed, her eyes half closed, her hair even more mussed and lips red and engorged a little.

"Well, um, Shay," Carl explained, "A guy can't turn right around and do that kind of thing again right away, I mean, you know. Besides, I want to enjoy and appreciate what just happened here."

But they did it again, three mornings a week for the next three weeks. Shay became adept at getting him erect, sometimes just by conversation. But she also began doing things with her breasts that would immediately crank up his cock. She would rub them through her shirt, then expose them to his view, lick her finger and rub the spit on her nipples, causing them to swell and harden. 

They found a perfect spot for their morning oral explorations, a side road on a property Carl's friend owned, behind a gate, completely isolated. Shay learned every little thing she could about fellatio. The finger tickling his anus, sucking his balls, lightly running her teeth up the underside, tongue swirls, spit shines, drool seeping out her lips, red red lipstick, and those noises that set Carl off so powerfully. She would alternate between swallowing or taking it on her tongue with open mouth or aiming his dick head at her face and rubbing his cum all around her cheeks, nose, eyes, and chin. 

But he could not reciprocate. And they both knew it. Despite her eager enthusiasm, he simply couldn't help but feel that he was getting more out of this than she was. How would it look to her parents? Like an older man taking advantage of an innocent, a teenager who was paralyzed from the waist down, for gods sake.

Shay knew it too. One day, she brought a large blanket with her as she arrived for the morning commute. Carl learned the plans she had for it when they got to their 'fellatiatory' spot on that dirt road off the highway. Shay had him carry her to the bed of the truck that fine, warm, sunny morning and lay her down on the blanket. Then, with several horses grazing just near the truck, Carl crawled up on her torso and he slid his dick in between her breasts. 

Shay really worked over her tits as he fucked her this way. And she moaned, her head twisted back and forth and for all the world, she looked and sounded like a teenager being fucked to orgasm in the back of a pickup. She was clearly enjoying it.

"Cum on my tits, Carl," she purred. And he did, coating her lovelies with the morning's spunk. As the gobs began landing on her hard nips and she rubbed it into her tit flesh she suddenly 'ooohed' very loudly and a flush of red appeared on her chest and cheeks.

"Did you, um, just cum?" Carl asked when he could get his breath back, completely stunned by what he was seeing.

"I don't know," Shay replied, "what does it feel like?"

"I don't know what it feels like for a woman," he said, "but for me it feels all warm and tingly and like I'm pouring molten lava out my dick, like my brain explodes with pleasure inside."

"I don't think I can orgasm," Shay said, "but that felt very good. My tits got real sensitive and when your jiz hit my nipple I just sort of lost it, lost control of my brain and it felt like my mind sort of lost touch with gravity and floated away a little."

"Wow."

"It's like, watching you cumming makes me feel something too. In my head anyway."

Carl would have liked to have dated Shayleen. But she was half his age. She was the neighbor's daughter. She was a person with a serious disability. Her parents were, of course, overly protective of her. They certainly would have found his interest in her to be suspicious and inappropriate. 

But Shay worked it out. A strategy. She talked Carl into letting her assemble a killer gaming computer for him. He paid her. That was something Moira and Joseph Cromer understood. And they played computer games together on it. She always kicked his ass.

The computer was awesome. Three large screens, including the huge center screen. The latest processor. Enough power to fuel the best graphics card she could find. Remote keyboard and mouse. Four speakers. In fact, it was so nice a system she insisted he allow her to use it for her homework assignments. 

She was creating a virtual reality game. On her off days, even when he was at work, Shay would make use of his system. Carl loved it. Many days he'd come home to awesome oral sex, or she'd lay on his couch and let him fuck her tits. But they didn't, like, have dinner, or relax and watch a movie, or go out to a show. Or, sleep together. The parents were ever present in their minds, being just next door. But also, Carl's house couldn't accommodate a young woman who was paralyzed. Showers, toilets, kitchen, doorways, were not built for her special needs.

One day when he arrived home he found Shay sitting on his couch looking up at the big screen computer monitor. Usually she worked from her chair. 

"Sit," she said, patting the couch next to her. "I have something to show you."

It was her VR program. She showed him how to fit the eyepiece over his head, and then she clicked up the software. 

He found himself in her bedroom, well, a virtual version of it.

"Of course," she said, "VR is almost exclusively designed for traditional type games -- first person shooters, fighting, driving, flying, stuff like that. Mine is different."

Carl looked around. A pink, four postered bed with frilly lace covers and pillow cases dominated the room. The walls had some paintings and decorations. A large window filled one wall and looked out over a magnificent real time web cam view of snow capped mountains and a forested valley. 

Shay was there. Or rather, her avatar. And she had spent hours creating her computer self. She was beautiful and clearly an idealized depiction of Shay herself, blonde, gorgeous, and her lower half was awesome, a bulbous round ass, long, strong, sensuous legs. Even her bare feet were sexy.

"Sit next to me," she said. It was somewhat strange to hear her voice in his living room while seeing her in the VR bedroom, but soon, he became completely immersed in the computer-generated scene.

He sat next to the VR version of her there on the pink bed. 

She clicked a button on her keyboard and their avatars' clothes disappeared. Carl's was sporting a huge phallus. Shay was lying back with her legs spread showing a beautifully rendered pussy. "Now, try to fuck me," Shay said, her voice barely a whisper.

Well, it came out more like combat than sex. The two avatars sort of wrestled and bounced around on that pink bed, bumping body parts together and they ended up laughing themselves to tears over the experience. 
