 My name is Megan. I'm thirty two and I'm a scientist for a laboratory you haven't heard of yet - and won't, if we can get this project back under control. I'm writing about the first time we tried the drug in people, instead of test tubes and the labs - and how it led to the wildest experiences and also the most awkward meetings of my life. 

For every drug, there comes a time to try it in humans for the first time. When we've done all we usefully can in the lab, however promising the lab results, we never quite know what will happen in a real human body, and it's a nerve wracking day when we first find out. Start with a very few - say, three - young, healthy people, and... 

Looking back, it's lucky we began with three heterosexual young women. It's usual to start with student volunteers, who want the generous "expenses" payment. But we were lucky we started with girls this time, and heterosexual girls too. Here's what happened. 

It was ten pm and Jayne, the nurse, was in the office trying to explain: "No, no, their vital signs are all fine. They just seem *restless*. Very restless. Agitated. Come and see them." It was not half an hour since I'd seen Miss A, Miss B and Miss C tucked up in beds in our sleep laboratory with our little pill inside them and clean white linen outside them, ready for the first night of the first study. Jayne seemed worried - we went... 

... and found the sleep lab empty, bed clothes scattered on the floor and - I noticed without understanding - a creamy white night dress, too. And over there, eggshell blue pyjama bottoms. Hang on...

"We've lost them!" said Jayne, looking at the beds. "It's worse than that," I said, as I picked up the night dress and held it out to her. She looked horrified. "We've lost them, and they're not even fully clothed."

Late at night, the three story building empty apart from the two of us, Len the ageing security guard, and three half naked, "agitated" young women. Oh, and Mark, apparently. Mark is a colleague from another project. I don't know why he was working late, but I found him in his office, sitting at his desk, and strangely reluctant to help search. He looked up at me, glanced under his desk - obvious in hindsight, but of course at the time I couldn't know why - and said "No, I said I've seen no one. Look, if you still can't..." he paused, swallowed and glanced under his desk again "... ask me later." I gave up on him and ran on. 

We found Miss A with Len from security. Actually, I found her, bent over his desk in the lobby, blue pyjama top on but naked from the waist down, and (here scientific language won't cover it) TAKING IT DOGGY STYLE from a very happy, grunting, Len. I stared as he thrust to and fro. He looked sheepish but also defiant when he saw me in the doorway, and carried on. She didn't seem to see me; she had her eyes half closed, and looked not so much agitated as flustered and desperate, gripping the edges of his desk. I couldn't help but look down at his wiry pubes crashing, again and again, into her creamy, soft backside and thighs. She buried her face on his desk and her blonde hair fell around it, concealing her face. Suddenly he seemed to come, with a louder grunt, and stopped, panting, his body still pressed behind her. 

And then she came. 

Not with a little grunt. Oh no. I'd never HEARD such a wail. She lifted her head off the desk, tossing back her hair as she opened her eyes wide, and began to wail, a long drawn-out "aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh". She sounded like a woman brought slowly and tenderly to a climax by her perfect lover - not like a girl taken clumsily from behind by a man more than twice her age. 

With a sudden hunch, I rushed back upstairs, towards Mark's office. I heard it from the corridor. First his half suppressed grunt of pleasure, then the tiniest pause, and then - higher, clearer, yet somehow muffled - a woman's cry of climax. 

I found Mark standing behind his desk adjusting his trousers. He gave a guilty start as he saw me. Before either of us could say anything, a slender, naked brunette - subject B - emerged from under his desk, wiping her mouth. She was reluctant to look us in the eye and looked down at her naked breasts and bush, beginning to blush. 

We now know it was significant that Subject A was the one who took the pill 'internally', rather than orally. Miss B and Miss C swallowed the drug (I'll come back to the missing Miss C. We didn't find out, that night, what happened to her.) whereas we asked Miss A to place it in her vagina to dissolve. Not so uncommon - we develop drugs for 'reproductive health'. I suppose we succeeded in that, but not in the way we intended. As you may have gathered: the 'agitation' Jayne observed was the first side effect of the drug - an aching, lusty, hungry, unceasing longing for *semen*. (We know now this is how it takes all female subjects; we daren't try it in men.) 

The second side effect takes place when the drug mixes with semen in the subjects body. The chemicals released by the reaction create a long, powerful, ecstatic orgasm. That's why Miss A came when dirty old Len came inside her, and that's how Miss B reached her orgasm just by giving oral pleasure to Mark.

Miss C reappeared the next day. She apologised for running off "on an errand" that she wouldn't specify. She wouldn't quite meet my eye as I interviewed her. She said there had been no unusual side effects and claimed to have slept quietly at home, but she seemed less anxious about collecting her fee than about offering, in fact begging, to take part in any further studies of the drug. Security footage shows her hailing a cab by the front gate and now every night, at the same time, the same cab comes past, apparently longing to pick up another passenger like that one. The camera shows her getting in the front passenger seat and I think you can see her head bobbing down as he drives off... 

I'll tell you another time how we came to be desperate enough to recruit her again, even though she ran out on us. In the mean time, I was feeling hot and a little 'agitated' just from watching the girls pleasure Len and Mark. I ended the shift boarding a train with a stolen pill in my pocket, wondering which way to take it when I get home to the man I love. Orally, vaginally, or... something new? Whichever way, I was looking forward to having that craving in my body, and to feeling what those girls got to feel.