 As told by Phillip...

We pull into a parking area and I jump out to run around the car and open your door, giving you my hand to pull you out. You turn and stand. I can't resist the impulse to lean forward and press a quick kiss to your lips. I pull back and smile but you stare at me hungrily and start to lean forward then stop and look around, realizing we're in a very public area. I squeeze your hand and pull you out of the doorway of the car to shut it then quickly grab our bags from the trunk. 

We go through the main entrance. It opens into a spacious room with high ceilings. Everything is in warm tones with leather furniture. We check in, get directions to our room and walk back outside to walk over there. We're finally going to be alone in private, I think a little giddily. I'm a little surprised at the butterflies in my stomach after what we've already shared together.

We arrive at our room and you open the door. We step inside and I drop the bags to the side as the door closes. You're distracted, looking around the room, and gasp as I grab you and push you back against the door to press my body against yours and kiss you very thoroughly. You run your hands up under the sides of my shirt to feel my warm skin as our tongues slide around each other. I slide my mouth off of yours and down to your neck, nuzzling aside your hair to kiss and suck your tender skin. My body pressing harder against yours, as if our clothes would melt away under the force of our passion. 

"Uh, honey?" you say, pushing at me. I open my eyes.

"Mmmm?"

"The drapes on the French doors are open and we are on the first floor."

After turning to see the wide window and the courtyard view, I quickly return to passionately kissing you on your lips and neck. Your eyes close and we both moan in enjoyment over our affections. As my hands continue to massage your covered breasts, you wake up first.

"Phillip!" You say, giggling, "There's a window, stop." You don't really want me to stop, but modesty compels you to prevent things from getting steamier.

"Mmmmf. I...don't..." I reply between firm mouthings against your neck and shoulder, "...want to stop...Michelle."

Tickling you with my tongue makes you giggle a little more as you push my adoring head off you. "Phillip, you could close the blinds." you offer seductively. You see a tinge of sadness in my face from being torn away from you, but I move to the back of the room and shut the blinds.

"As long as you're making me stop," unfortunately I'm going to tease this time, "I might as well ask the concierge if there are any second story rooms we could move to." That doesn't sound like so bad of an idea really. I continue as I move out the room, "and while I'm gone you can get into your bathing suit."

My sly wink and peck on the cheek before I step out of the room aren't enough to stop your mind from swearing as I leave but you know by now that I'm up to something worthwhile and put your bathing suit on in privacy, while I talk to the staff.

*******

I saunter up to a small twiggy girl at the help desk, still drunk from the car ride and your kisses.

"Excuse me, I have a question," I politely ask, getting her attention, "are there any rooms I could exchange mine for that aren't on the first floor?"

"What kind of room do you have sir?"

"A queen sized double."

"Let me check." Her fingers twiddle over the keyboard.

"No, sorry sir."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, in fact, the only second story floors are two suites and some singles."

"Hmm, well, okay."

"Is there anything else I can help you with?"

"No, I should be all right."

In all honesty, I was starting to feel heartsick for the hotel room and my travel partner.

**********

"Well?" you ask, perched on the corner of the bed in your outfit as I open the door. I take long enough staring at your tropical flowered bathing suit that you smile at my distraction.

"Well?" you repeat again, standing up. I can't take my eyes off your legs and skirt. You move up to me as I shut the door, placing your hands on my heaving chest and looking into my eyes.

"Phillip?"

"Oh, sorry. There aren't any rooms we can exchange it to. Most all the rooms are on the ground floor."

"Well then," you perk up, taking your hands off me, "You better get your bathing suit on."

Teasing is probably the only way we can get things done. I move over to my large backpack and bend over, letting you eye my firm ass as I extract my black trunks with white and yellow trim. I take my shirt off first, and then look back to you as I unbutton my shorts. You watch my body like I watch yours, speechless. I drop my pants and step out of them, just as quickly putting my bathing suit on. I turn around to face you as I tie the strings. Still, I have a wonderful ass, something you missed seeing on the drive up.

"You can enjoy my butt later, Michelle, lets get going. Do you have a towel ready?" I extend my hand to help you off the bed. You sat down to watch me, hoping for a longer show. Though you follow my lead again, your thoughts are a few seconds behind. You can't help but squeeze my butt with your near hand as we step out the door. 

"Hey!" I'm surprised but not complaining. You've earned another kiss on the cheek while I return the favor.

"Hey," you echo back before slapping me with your towel playfully.

The trip out to the river is less than romantic. The bus carrying us drives along a gravel road whose integrity only declines as we get closer to our "dock." Granted, I probably would have enjoyed seeing your bouncing breasts, if only my balls weren't being smashed every time. 

Our cowboy guide, a very tan man in his late thirties (maybe younger considering the weathering of the sun) does his best to ensure a pleasant float. He repeats that the water here is spring fed and very clean, and that there isn't anything dangerous in the water as long as we stay in the middle. The water temperature is around 85 (the air temperature being 88) and although we are the only ones on this trip, ten people have gone down the river earlier today. It is just at the end of the season. He will be waiting to pick us up at a bend downstream and we should get there in two hours. He will have towels ready, and a light snack. 

Everything is arranged and up to code, except for the fortunate fact that Texas don't seem to care about life preservers. That is actually a bit of a relief. Especially since I want to go down on this river. 

So, as we stand on the sandy shore before sitting in our yellow inner tubes, we are both a little well shaken, a little sore, and pretty hot. Of course, you are hot from the bathing suit alone as far as I am concerned, but September is fairly warm. Texas summers are as hot as Northern winters are cold, and sitting down in the inner tubes, drifting out into the river, well, it feels like a nice warm bath. 

You dip your hair in the water to cool off, and press your butt into the inner tube to feel the water against it as your toes and fingers lap and luxuriate. It isn't too long before you're well relaxed, even after the sweaty, thrashing bus ride. I'm feeling pretty comfortable, too, and I'd like you to take a second to just feel the sun against your body, and the warm water, as you spin around a little, drifting downstream. I'm not too far away from you, but out of sight and taking my time to relax a little. I bet the sun feels good heating your dark bathing suit. The water on my backside is a little ticklish, though it keeps me from getting too warm. 

Your eyes are closed. After all the kisses and all the orgasms so far, this was a really good decision. 

I think about how wonderful you are... and sexy. Did I forget sexy? A few yards away, my eyes are never off you for too long. Seeing you so comfortable gets me going a little, especially given the silhouette of your body on top of the water. Let's not forget how soothed I'm feeling as well. Without splashing, I kick my feet to move down the river to catch up to you.

And, as if you were psychic to my presence, you open your eyes before I bounce against the side of your float. 

"Hey you," you smile.

"Heeeey Michelle." After gently getting your attention, I pull my legs up to fall inside the inner tube, and spin around playfully as I talk to you.

"I'm really glad you got me to do this."

"I know," I say, flipping my head back to look at you upside down. My playfulness doesn't go unnoticed. 

"Did you want something?"

"You."

"Me?" you ask coyly.

"You."

I go underwater and you feel a hand brush your ass before I appear on the other side of your inner tube, holding on with my head close to yours, no longer distanced by the rim of the float.

"What did you want me for?" 

Did I mention how sexy you are? I wouldn't have pressed the river float so much if I hadn't had something in mind. 

"I want to go down on you." Your eyes light up but your mouth gapes a little.

"I've been wanting to go down on you, on this river, all day, hoping we'd be alone."

"You want to go down on me right now? Here?"

"Yes. Can I?"

"Here, outside?"

"Yes."

"Phillip?"

"Yes." 

"Phillip."

"Yes?"

"No... no, Phillip."

"Yes?" I'm lost in your eyes, and the fantasy of licking your pussy. 

"Phillip, your tube is floating away." You point downstream to my float. I really wasn't able to pay attention, but as I see it ten yards down and gaining distance, I understand and swim off. You're left to stew in my suggestions as you see me swim well and catch up to my inner tube. I surface dive and you see the tube stop and come closer before you see me behind the inner tube, moving back to you. 

I move a little upstream of you, then hold the tube steady before moving up onto the inflatable, belly side down and kicking a little more awkwardly to dock at your legs.

"Sorry, you went and distracted me again."

"It's alright baby." You prop your feet on opposite sides of my head, your feet on my inner tube to hold still.

"I really do want to go down on you."

"Really?" Relaxation and arousal causes our vocabularies to shrink a little.

"Really. I'd love to lick your pussy here. In the open... with the sun." You scoot forward a little more, pulling your cunt more level to my face, and I begin to kiss your legs.

You moan a little in pleasure. 

"Will anyone see us?"

"No baby." I move a little closer, body squeaking against latex, moving to kiss your inner thighs, "We're all alone. Nobody for miles."

You groan, and lean your head back, dipping your scalp into the water. My hair is a little wet and feels soothing to your warm thighs. My hands start rubbing your upper legs and the crotch of your bathing suit and I scoot a little closer, squeaking again. 

"You wanna lick my pussy baby?" you say in that weaken tone of a request more than a command. Your head is still back and your eyes are closed. My little cunt massage over your bathing suit has you sunk in a stupor. You move your whole body closer to mine in offering, your ass on the rim of you inner tube, your feet on my float, resting against my warm shoulders. Your arms are lounging in the water as your head rests on the rim. 

You don't notice me lifting your panties to the side, but your body awakens as my tongue makes its first contact with your lips. You gasp. 

My tongue strokes your labia again. You moan. 

"Oh God! That feels incredible." 

My taste buds are like little beads massaging your vulva.

"Mmmmm." I haven't even really started yet.

My tongue presses against you and you gasp again as I spread you open, holding your legs on top of the floats. You die a little inside at the pleasure. 

"Mmmmmfffff" I reply as I feel you tingle in sensation. 

My tongue strokes your pussy, moving around, searching. 

"Oh God, that feels so good. Oh God." 

"Mmmmffffffff" I moan into you, reminding you how happy I am to do this for you. 

You can tell I love it. You're getting so much attention. All your masturbation was never this good. And you taste good. My tongue is licking you good and I love it. 

"Oooo," you gasp. I found your clit. I make my tongue gentle. I bet nothing has touched your clit so closely. You eke out little gasping whimpers and moans. 

My tongue presses into your clit a little, slowly increasing and decreasing pressure, then speeding up the rhythm. You've blacked out to everything but my tongue on your cunt. I doubt you can think. You're on autopilot. I could ask you to cum, but why bother when I'm going to force you anyway. And you'll cum louder and harder than you have before.

I start licking you up and down now, twitching my tongue against your clit. My muffled statements of personal enjoyment reach your ears, telling you how I feel about you. 

Then my tongue dips into your vagina. Your eyes open in amazement but you don't see. I'm licking your pussy juice out of you, sucking a little, fucking you with my tongue. You're blind with pleasure as you stare at the sky. Your arms grab the inner tube, too weak to grab my head.

As your eyes close, soaking up this new pleasure, my tongue moves back to your clit.

"AH!"

"AH!"

"mmmmmm....mmmm. ....mmm... AH!"

Yeah, I'm working you good baby. My lips are clamped to yours, my nose breezing your pubes as I breathe in and out heavily, going at your clit like crazy. You're going to cum baby. You've started to feel it. You feel those waves of pleasure breaking over your body. It's how you feel when you came on the phone with me. But I'm still going.

"Ah uuummmm Ah mmmmm Philliiiiiiiiip."

"mmmfff!" I reply, reassuring you it's okay. It's the release I'm working for. Your orgasm is building, and I'll release it. This isn't something you can do on your own. I'm stroking my tongue faster against your clit.

Then, as you get close, I move it back deep in your body to suck your juices out like a hot, sweaty, masculine hummingbird. My tongue dips and darts into you. You go limp and moan uncontrollably. God, I love to hear you moan. I'm making you moan, but I'm going to make you scream.

"AAeeHH!" you scream. I hit your clit again, my hands pressing against your hips. Your head lifts up and falls back down against the raft. 

"Ah uh uh!"

"Phillip! Phiiiiiillllllliiiiip!"

You're twitching and tingling all over. It's so intense! 

"Ohgodohgodohgodohgodohgod Oh GOD OH GOOOOOD!"

Oh, you're so close baby. I just keep licking your cunt for you. You've never cum this hard before. It's okay. It's okay. My muffles are getting louder. It sounds like I'm cumming for you and you just get closer and closer. You're so built up! OH. GOD. My tongue whipping against you, my head rocking into you, my hands pressing against you.

And your dam breaks. 

"Ooooooooooo"

"Fuck, fuck, fuuuuck, oh!"

Birds fly out of trees on the shore as you scream my name and cum. You shoot pussy juice into my mouth and I don't stop sucking and licking your cunt. You tense and release, moaning and screaming. As long as you orgasm, my mouth doesn't leave you, letting your orgasm fully finish. 

You go limp, moaning and making monosyllabic sounds, exhausted and preparing for all those waves to build up again. You were loud. I release myself from you, and cover you with your panties before rotating around to kiss your exasperated cheeks. 

Your body slumps into your inner tube, like it was when we first tested the waters. You feel amazing. I made you feel amazing. 

I just resituate myself to lie on the tube on my back, butt in the water like yours, and hold your raft with one arm to stay close to you as we finish our ride downstream. 

You regain consciousness and control just as we reach the bus. I dip into my inner tube and pull us over to shore. As we're drying off, drinking the bottled water and bananas (actually you had a banana, I had an orange and a banana), I see your wide happy smile of pleasure that I love so much. The bus ride back is a little less sweaty and bumpy as it's later in the day.

We sit side by side and each little bump causes us to bounce together a little. You're very relaxed from gliding down the river and the very thorough attention I having been paying you. The bus bounces slightly and our hips rub against each other again. I glance over at you and you grin. I catch my breath. I don't know exactly what you are thinking but I can tell what direction it is taking. 

You place a hand over my thigh to slide down the top of my leg and back up inside my swim trunks. I look up the aisle at the guide who took us out to the river but he isn't paying any attention to us. I watch your hand intently as it nears the growing bulge in my shorts. Your hand skims over me then back to squeeze gently. 

You slide your hand up under the edge of my t-shirt, up to the waistband of my shorts and let it sit there a minute. I look up again to make sure we aren't observed. You slide your hand down and give me another gentle, playful squeeze then pull your hand away. I look at you in surprise and make a sound of protest but you lean in and kiss me softly, "almost there."

I glance out the window and understand as we pull onto the road leading to the resort. We're soon dropped off right outside our door. I unlock the door and you slip inside, grabbing your bag and heading for the bathroom.

"I'm going to grab a shower," you say. I grin and start after you but you close the door and turn the lock. You've decided to tease me a little longer. I'm frustrated but I know it will be worth the wait.