 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.



I recognized the receptionist from my daily commute on the light rail and I could tell by her smile that she recognized me, too. We weren't always on the same train in the morning but we were pretty frequently. She was pretty and dark-haired with nice curves, though they had diminished substantially over the past few months. We said hello as I signed in at her desk for the blood drive her company was hosting.

"So tell me," I said once I'd signed in, "what kind of workout have you been doing?"

"Why?" she asked bemusedly.

"Well, your physique has changed a good deal," I replied, trying not to put my foot in my mouth.

"My physique, huh?" she said, sounding skeptical.

"Okay, okay," I confessed, "your ass looks fantastic, that's what I really meant."

"Really, you think so?" she asked, sounding genuinely pleased.

"Absolutely," I told her, "I can't keep my eyes off of it now. In fact, would you mind?"

She smiled and took a quick look around, then turned to show me her sweet ass wrapped in a tight print skirt.

"I don't even see any panty lines," I said in a lower voice, "Are you wearing a thong?"

"Nope," she replied and, with another quick look around, she raised her skirt to show me that her ass was bare beneath it. Then she turned around with her skirt still up and gave me a look at her trim, dark bush before dropping the hem back in place. I felt a rise in my khakis.

"I'm not sure I'll be able to donate blood now," I said, "My blood pressure may be too high. Regardless, though, if I was to come back looking for you, is there someplace we could go where I could lick you until you cum?"

"Oh God," she said, closing her eyes, "I'll find someplace. The regular receptionist should be in any time now, so just meet me back here."

I did manage to donate blood, though I've never been so anxious to be done. Once I was finally finished and certain that I wasn't going to be lightheaded if I left, I tracked Jackie down near the reception desk, though I didn't know that was her name at that moment. She smiled and led me down a hallway, then down another and another until we were in a section of the office that clearly was used very little.

"There's been a bit of downsizing over the past year or so," she explained, "so we've got a lot of unused space at the moment."

We ended up in a plush office that got a lot of natural light and had a couch as well as a lock on the door. Jackie locked us in then I led her over to the couch. My hands went to her hips and her arms went around my neck as I leaned down to kiss her. My cock was growing as we made out and my hands moved around to her round ass. As I caressed it and our tongues explored each other's mouths, I was working her skirt up so that my hands ended up on her bare ass. Finally, I pulled my mouth from hers and dropped to my knees while she sat on the couch in front of me. I flipped her skirt up so that it was around her waist and she'd made sure that she didn't sit on it. I admired her trim, black bush before leaning in to kiss along her smooth inner thighs.

Once I was close enough, I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting her copious juices and eliciting a soft moan. I lapped at her pussy, slurping up her nectar, before slipping a finger into her. She was fairly snug and extremely slippery so I pumped that finger in and out while starting to lick and suck her clit. She held my head and started to rotate her hips while continuing to moan softly. I wondered whether she'd been thinking about this for the whole time I'd been donating blood or if her pussy had just become this wet since we'd started making out. I didn't know how safe we were even with the door locked so, even though I could have eaten her for hours, I was thinking it could end up being a good thing that she'd been pretty worked up by thinking about it so I could get her to cum faster.

Having stared at her ass on many mornings, I was already thinking about how to get my hands on it before I left the office. There were numerous positions which would allow for that, though I was so hard that my immediate goal was going to be slipping my cock into her. As tight and wet as her pussy felt around my finger, I knew that fucking her was going to feel outstanding, and it just kept feeling better and better the longer I ate her. Her soft moaning had become more like panting and she seemed to be tensing up more and more. I was savoring her pussy while trying to provide her intense pleasure in a limited time just based on where we were and hoping that it would lead to further opportunities. Just when I thought she was about as tensed up as she could possibly get, she exhaled loudly and went limp as her entire body trembled.

I continued to eat her as she came and, once she'd gone still, I raised my head and slipped my finger out of her and into my mouth. I straightened up and quickly freed my throbbing tool, easily slipping it into her dripping pussy while she softly moaned again. I leaned down to kiss her again as I started to slowly slide my cock in and out of her. We made out as I fucked her, bracing myself on the back of the couch behind her. Her pussy felt amazing and, again, I would have been more than content to fuck her all day long. This wasn't the most natural, comfortable position for fucking, however, although that certainly didn't occur to me immediately. I was so distracted by the amazingly hot feel of her pussy, her tongue in my mouth and the simple fact that I was actually fucking her that it wasn't until I started thinking about her ass again that I considered a change of position.

"I have to get my hands on your ass again," I finally told her as I pulled my mouth from hers and backed up slightly, "Can I have you turn over?"

She indulged me with a smile and turned to kneel on the couch while leaning on the back, her ass ending up right in front of my face. I ran my hands over the smooth, taut flesh before running my tongue up between her cheeks as I stood. I guided my cock back into her and went back to running my hands over her ass as I slowly fucked her again. As much as I loved her ass, I did wind up bringing my hands up to her hips so that I could pull her back as I fucked her harder, then even slipped them up under her blouse to caress her tits through her bra. Her nipples were hard so I was toying with them before slipping my hands under her bra to get my hands on her bare flesh. I caressed her tits and gently tugged her hard nipples while my hips continued to tap against her ass.

"Don't cum inside me," she requested, "Without panties, I'd probably be dripping all over the place."

I hadn't considered at that moment what I was going to do when that time came, but I wasn't getting close yet, so after assuring her that I wouldn't, I asked if she wanted to ride me. She didn't seem concerned about how much time we were spending locked in that office, so figured I'd take full advantage of the opportunity. We changed positions again so that I was sitting on the couch and she straddled me, guiding my cock back into her hot pussy again. My hands, of course, went right to her ass again, squeezing and caressing it as she bounced up and down on my tool. Her eyes were half closed but she had a smile on her face and it felt as though her pussy was actually getting even wetter than it already was. I slipped my hands up from her ass under her blouse and unfastened her bra, then brought them around to caress her bare tits again. A soft moan escaped as I toyed with her hard nipples again and she started riding me even harder.

I knew the odds were against ever seeing her completely naked since I didn't know for sure at that point if we would even get together again. I figured I might as well see as much as I could and as much as she was willing to bare, so I unbuttoned her blouse and checked out her tits as I went back to fondling them. They were on the small side with small areolas but her nipples were thick and hard. I couldn't get my head down to lick and suck them with her riding me so hard but seeing them exposed did get me even more aroused and I could feel my orgasm beginning to build up. I knew there was time before I'd need to warn her so that she didn't end up full of cum, but when she suddenly started to shake as she came again, I was actually caught by surprise.

She continued riding me as she came and it was occurring to me that two orgasms increased the odds that she'd want to get together again. When she'd apparently finished cumming, she leaned in to kiss me as she climbed off of my cock. I looked over her exposed tits and pussy before she knelt in front of me and took my cock in her hand. She pumped it as she ran her fat, pink tongue around the head, then wrapped her lips around it and slid them down. I moaned as she slowly moved her mouth up and down my tool while pumping the base with her hand. I savored the feeling of her hot mouth on my cock as I enjoyed the visual of her lips wrapped around it. My orgasm continued to build thanks to her oral skills and, since there would be no concerns about dripping, I expected to blow my load in her mouth.

I wondered briefly as I sat in that lushly appointed office whether any of the previous occupants had found themselves in a similar situation, maybe with a secretary or assistant or maybe with a vendor or potential client. I also wondered whether Jackie had ever been in the position she was currently in on a previous occasion in that same office. The idea aroused me even further and my cock was beginning to swell even more in anticipation of me cumming. I focused on enjoying the pleasure that Jackie was providing and soon released my seed into her mouth with a gasp. She swallowed down each spurt of cum and continued to milk them out until I had nothing left, then let my cock fall from her mouth and sat back on her heels. We just sat there for a moment, smiling at each other.

"We have a lot of empty offices on several floors," she said, finally, "If you feel like coming back, I'd be happy to show them to you."

"I'm definitely interested in the amenities those offices might have to offer," I assured her.

She wasn't kidding about the number of offices they had sitting empty. Whenever she felt it was safe and the coast was clear enough, she'd call me and I'd meet her for a rendezvous. She turned out to be pretty horny, so I was over there quite a bit.