 After the morning sex with Jill, it was not easy to go back to work and concentrate on design and form beyond her petite enchanting body. 

I had retreated to my office with views out the front of the house instead of hanging around sneaking peeks at the pool in back of the house. When I came out to the kitchen for lunch, I noticed Jill's SUV was gone. I found a handwritten note on the counter, in a neat rolling style without too much frill.

"Shopping for interviews, be back later. I'll cook if you are dessert," it said. I finished lunch, and while I wondered if I would look better sucking in my gut, I read the note again. 

I spent the afternoon building scale models for an office complex, feeling less than nimble as I put small trees on fake grass. It must have been about 4:30 when I heard a tapping at the door.

"Come in," I called as I looked up from the mockup.

Jill entered wearing a gray business suit, with a skirt cut just above her knees, suit jacket and light green buttoned blouse. She carried a portfolio and walked straight up to me to shake my hand.

"Hello, I am here to interview for the assistant's job," she said, firmly holding my hand and then letting her nails lightly scratch the palm as she let go.

"I see, Miss..."

"No, please call me Jill," she said.

"Well, Jill, why don't you have a seat, please. Is there anything I can get you? Coffee? Tea?"

"No thank you, I have been out and about all day, caffeine is the least of what I need," she said.

As I pulled a chair across from my desk out for Jill, she ran her slim fingers over my hand and sat down. By the time I had walked to my chair, she had loosened the top two buttons of her blouse.

"Now then, Jill, what is it that attracted you to this job?" I asked.

Jill had pulled her hair back and tucked it just below her scalp in a small bun. Her soft neck almost seemed a magnet for my lips. As she considered my answer, she brushed a wisp of hair off her forehead and then, almost imperceptibly, licked her lips.

"Well, I believe I can help this company keep a firm grip in the marketplace and satisfy the needs of customers in and out of the office," Jill said.

She leaned back in her chair as she shifted her legs just enough to flash a peek at her lacy black panties.

"I see you brought a portfolio – is it your graphic art?"

"Yes, it is," she said, getting up from the chair. Jill stepped to my desk and held out the portfolio. As I reached for it, she leaned over, showing off a black demi-bra to match her panties.

"I think you will see it is both professional and stimulating," she said as she straightened up.

I opened the portfolio to see a collection of scale drawings, site photos, and site renderings. Actually, she had talent – a good eye for color and proportion. I was ready to compliment her when I looked up to see she had hiked her skirt up her thighs to give me a fuller view of her panties.

"This work is outstanding, Jill," I said. "You are going to go very far, perhaps with us."

"There is more, please continue," she said.

In the back of the file, I found two pictures she had turned over. I flipped the first one and was treated to the sight of her in the black bra and panty set as she tried them on in the dressing room.

By setting the camera to the side, she caught herself in a view showing me her pert ass cheeks as the mirror reflected her hand slipping inside her panties. As she looked at the camera, Jill blew it a kiss.

I set the picture down and turned over the last in the folder to see Jill naked in the dressing room, leaning back in a chair with her fingers spreading her pussy lips. The intensity on her face was not faked, her head was tossed back slightly and her lips pursed. Her nipples had hardened for the picture and the bra and panties were on the floor beside her right foot.

I held the photo up to look closer, and as I set it down, the flickering movement of Jill's hand inside her skirt caught my full attention. She let out a soft gasp and wriggled in the chair as I closed the folder. It was impossible to hide my erection as I got up from the desk, but I had no desire to conceal my lust.

I stepped around behind her, dropping the portfolio on her lap and then leaning over to kiss the tight bun of hair. I unclipped it and Jill shook it loose while I reached down and rubbed her breasts through her blouse.

"I think your work is exemplary," I whispered in Jill's ear before running my tongue along her neck. "But how much do you know about keeping coworkers and customers satisfied?"

Jill tossed the portfolio to the floor, then clamped my hands to her breasts, guiding them to her nipples as she moaned. I took the hand she had fingered herself with and brought it to my mouth. Her taste was still there. 

I stepped to the front of her chair and took her hands, pulling Jill to me. Her hands went around me neck as she leaned up to kiss me. I was surprised how deft I was unbuttoning her blouse, and Jill let go of me long enough to take off her jacket and toss it on the chair.

My lips followed my fingers as I suck her exposed skin and pushed her blouse back. I moved to my knees as she unclasped her bra. I found the side zipper on her skirt and tugged before reaching up to unhook it. It dropped to the floor in a heap, leaving Jill in black bikini panties showing a distinct wet spot I just had to kiss.

Jill cooed as I kissed and flickered my tongue over her panties, boosting herself on the side of my desk. I stood and she leaned in to pull up my polo shirt. I tugged it over my head as she bit my nipples lightly and her hands yanked my belt buckle open. I threw the shirt across the room and unzipped my slacks. The dropped with a jangle as change and keys fell with them.

While I kicked off my shoes, Jill raised up on the desk. She slid her thumbs under the hem of her panties and pushed, deliberately showing me her soft wet muff until I caught her hands and finished getting her underwear past her ankles.

"I think I can best show you about satisfaction from this position," she said, leaning back over the desk top and kicking her legs into the air. I pinned her wrists above her head as my dick found its own way to her sopping pussy.

"Oooooooohhhyesss," Jill cried out as I slid inside her with one thrust. I kiss her as she cried out, our tongues continued to mash together as I fucked her hard and fast. "OhhGodyessfuckmelover," she babbled as our kiss broke.

I let go of her wrists so I could push her legs higher in the air. With her hands free, she waved her arms, knocking a cup of pens and a small clock to the floor. Then Jill grabbed my triceps, her nails almost puncturing my skin as she bucked against me.

I tried to slow my strokes, to feel everything as I buried my rod in her pussy. It felt like we were melting together, my cock plunging through the soaked silkiness and pulling back all the way to ram her again.

It blended together in a frenzy, both of us moaning, the sensations of Jill pushing up against my shaft as she rolled her head back and forth, her nipples bouncing each time I push inside her to the hilt.

She peaked about half a second before me, gripping my dick with her pussy as she screamed in delight. Then an enormous spurt erupted from my cock, I could barely keep thrusting as it felt like two sets of balls were exploding with gallons of cum.

As we came to a halt, panting and sweating, I did not want to pull out. Jill was practically purring as she smiled up at me, a bead of sweat rolled down her forehead.

"I think I'm going to like it here," she said.