 "So with a record breaking 4th Quarter predicted and a strong performance expected in Q1 2014, we can feel very good about our current position." 

5:40pm on December the 24th, and still stuck in a meeting, how does this always happen? John was not a happy man. He hadn't seen Stephanie for 2 weeks, and would much rather be with his fiancé on Christmas Eve, than sitting through another PowerPoint presentation. 

Imogen turned back to gesture at the year's figures, John's eyes drifted down her body; 5'10 and a skin tight skirt suit hinting at a sharp, athletic physique beneath. She had always been a demanding boss, and they frequently clashed, but business had been going so well, he was starting to see a softer side to her, less as the cold hard bitch that makes his life hard, and more as 5 foot 10 inches of athletic eye candy. 

"This strong performance can be backed up by the deals we already have in the pipeline."

I'd love to back her up over this meeting table and show her a strong performance, John thought. Force her over the side of the table, push her chest down on to the desk, grab her hands and twist them behind her back, then ripping her blouse off behind her back, trapping her elbows in the sleeves. 

Then lean in behind her whispering, "I'm the boss now" before undoing her skintight skirt, that symbol of her power, and letting it flutter to the ground.

Plain white panties? Underwear of an innocent schoolgirl, hardly that of the decisive business leader that she always portrayed. Imogen let out a little gasp as she felt his stiff erection pressing through the fabric of his pants, and onto the exposed, wet fabric of her panties. She stumbled out, "What are you doing?" 

"What I want with you, it's my turn to lead now, and I'll have what I want." 

As he slid down her panties, and brought his thick, throbbing cock to her entrance.

*BUZZZ*  *BUZZZ*

Imogen gave him a hostile glance. 

His day—dream was cut short, as she continued self-congratulating. He glanced down at his phone- a text from Stephanie, and he immediately felt a little guilty, only 2 weeks without her and he was daydreaming like a teenager.

She was busy, a final year med student and coming up to her finals and he hadn't heard much from her in the last 3 days but she was still his girl. 

He glanced down, looking at the message:

"I can't wait for you to get home lover boy."

*BUZZZ*  *BUZZZ*

This time it was a picture message, a flash of pink and red, he felt a bulge in his pants. He flipped the phone over. This message is not for public consumption; a colleague next to him glanced over. John was going to need to save this for later. 

Flipping his phone onto silent he was immediately only aware of the raging hard-on pressing against his trousers. Time to refocus on the presentation, and Imogen paused mid-sentence, licking her lips. Let's focus on something else, the Homeland final episode or the last Elementary episode. 

After the meeting he went to the men's, found an empty cubical and flicked out to the message from Stephanie. There she was, right in front of him, completely naked, legs apart with a come hither smile on her face. She had one finger buried deep in her pussy and her other hand grabbing her breast, wearing only a Santa hat. 

One of his hands intuitively reached down to his trousers, rubbing himself and examining Stephanie's supple curves, her brown hair cascading down her pert, tanned breasts. She elicited this response from him every time, the desire was unbearable and unconsciously he found he had taken his cock out and was stroking it. 

No! He would see her again in a few short hours and wanted to save the tension for their reunion. He scrolled down and looked at messages sent after.

"Here's your Christmas present my man. You can do whatever you want with me. I'm your plaything."

"What are you going to do to me John?"

"I want to feel you inside me."

"I want your cum inside me."

"I want you to have me."

He felt a tension building in his dick, he was close to coming into his hand in the bathroom of the head office of the company. Calming down again, he felt a rise in his heart, she was meeting him at the airport tonight and these last 2 weeks felt like 2 months. Tonight was going to be a special one. 

Imogen was also flying back, both returning to the London office. The flight was over an hour and sitting next to him, Imogen seemed much perkier than normal and struck up a conversation.

"So you know I always complain all the hard work never pays off? Well you're looking at the next Director of Sales!"

Fantastic, someone else getting rewarded for his hard work. Imogen continued.

"So we're going to need a new associate director, I'm thinking Stuart."

John had been working towards that promotion for the last 2 years and he damn well deserved it.

As they made their way off the plane, and he turned his phone back on.

*BUZZZ*  *BUZZZ*

"I'm touching myself."

*BUZZZ*  *BUZZZ*

"I'm wearing a little surprise for you master."

A close up of one thigh, with lace knickers running along her curves buzzed through. He didn't recognise the underwear, they had been going out for years but she always found a way to him excited. He couldn't wait to investigate further. 

When they finally saw each other it felt like it had been years, she ran up to him, throwing her arms around him, pressing her curves into him, desperately kissing him like his mouth was air that she had been starved without.

They kissed with abandon, like no-one else was there. Time stood still when she was there and the weeks they were apart disappeared. He forgot how sweet she tasted, her smell and the very touch of her. They broke the kiss, and she slipped her head to the side and whispered, "That's not what I'm wearing" and he felt a hand dart into his pocket. 

They pulled away, and Stephanie turned to face Imogen, and hugged her, "It's been so long, Happy Christmas." She smiled. Stephanie had always got on really well with Imogen but John couldn't fathom why. 

John reached into his pocket and felt lace and a silicone disk, were those panties? He felt the familiar feeling of things stirring below, but what was the silicone?

He tilted it slightly and felt it vibrate and immediately Stephanie flinched! The surprise was she was wearing a vibrator! 

At the same moment Imogen turned with a smile. As they had been hugging she had felt it too and she clearly knew exactly what she had felt. Stephanie turned with a shy shake of her head started to blush. A stirring feeling for John had turned into a straining in his pants. 

The hotel was only 15 minutes away and he couldn't wait to taste her other lips. She had finished getting fully lasered while he was away and while he loved going down on her before, he couldn't wait to run his tongue up and down those smooth lips, to suck her clit into his mouth and taste her again. It was instinctive, as soon as he saw her pussy, he had to taste it. 

"Shall we get moving?" He took Stephanie's had and gestured towards the taxi rank, on the way to the hotel they had booked. The things they were going to do... 

Imogen followed them towards the rank, "I'm getting picked up, but Dominic says he's been held up by the snow."

Stephanie turned, "Oh no, we can't leave you on Christmas, how long will he be?"

"He says he'll be here in 2 hours and that was an hour and a half ago."

"Oh we'll have a drink with you, we can't leave you alone on Christmas Eve!" Stephanie smiled.

He loved Stephanie for how good she was at heart but it was at times like this, that he wished she could be more self-serving.

Well if he had to suffer then she was too and as a boarding announcement chimed, he tilted the silicone control in his pocket and watched her stumble mid step. He knew quite how horny she was, and this would bring her right up to the edge, it would drive her mad but she wouldn't be able to cum, without him letting her. 

He took a second to look at her, she had a skin tight Christmas jumper on, her breasts stretching the fabric invitingly, and jeans that clung to her pert butt. 

Alright, they were both going to struggle here. 

They sat down to get drinks at the airport bar, a cheap tacky imitation cocktail bar. Stephanie picked her cocktail, and headed to the toilet. John's phone started ringing, it was an unknown number. Hmm. Calling at 10pm on Christmas eve, it's work or a hospital. Shocked, he answered formally, "Hello, John speaking."

"You're trying to make me horny aren't you?" Stephanie purred down the phone.

"You're trying to make me so wild, that I'll forget poor Imogen and take you straight back to the hotel, and fuck you? You want to fuck me don't you? Would you like to know what I'm doing right now? I've got my fingers in my pussy. You'd like to be there wouldn't you. You feel so good inside me, your big hard cock, just thinking about it makes me wet..." John heard a wet, sucking sound.

"Mmm I taste good, would you like to taste me John?"

John felt his cock pressing hard against his trousers. She knew how to press his buttons but she couldn't take the control away. "That's an interesting proposition and I would be interested in meeting to discuss it further," John glanced at Imogen, mouthing the name of a client that they were negotiating with. 

Stephanie replied "In half an hour, we're going to get out of here, and you're going to suck my cunt till I cum John, you're going to do that because you're my sex toy and you're going to do everything for your Mistress." 

They shared control, but who doesn't like playing around with power sometimes? 

"Certainly." John answered hoarsely.

"You're going to make me cum twice, just with your mouth, then as a reward, I'll let you fuck me. You can shoot your hot cum inside me. I want your cum dripping down my legs, just like my wetness is dripping down my leg... Ohhh."

John had just flicked his wrist, sending a jolt through Stephanie's body. She wasn't the only one with control here, and he loved using the control. 

"Oh John, you can put up a fight but you're going to make me cum twice, before I let you fuck me." Stephanie whispered.

Imogen had been playing on her phone, while he was in this 'important business call' as he hung up, she turned to him.

"Damn it! The roads have been closed, and Dominic's had to turn back. I'm going to have to stay nearby till the morning and almost all the hotels are booked! I got the last room in the Malmasion." 

The same hotel he was sharing with Stephanie.

After they finished their drinks, and walked to the taxi rank again, John knew exactly what was coming. "Imogen, you should get a taxi with us!"

Wonder where this night is headed...