 John was running late. He'd spent an extra few minutes in bed this morning trying to decide wether or not to skip class. His roomate had the same section and could fill him in on all the notes and assignments he might miss but, no, John remembered that he was really trying to buckle down this year and really do well. Being late really wasn't going to help me John chided to himself. Ok, which hall is it again? He checked his mental map and couldn't tell if he needed to go left or right. Damn engineering quad! All the buildings looked alike! He quickly picked right and climbed the stairs to the third floor. Walking down the hall he saw his roomate sitting at one of the tables and knew he was in the right place.

Only one seat was left, this was a packed classroom due to all the budget cuts. John quickly walked in avoiding the teacher's gaze and plopped into the seat. He took out his notebook and only then looked around to see if he could ask anybody what had been going on. That's when he realized he was sitting next to her.

Her name was Bethany and she was the only girl in the class, and quite a girl indeed John thought to himself. She had auburn hair and a beautiful soft face. As she diligently took notes he quickly studied her. She was wearing a green tank top that showed her petite but well shaped breasts. He noticed a red satin strap nudging out of the shoulders and took note of how the color was well suited to her soft looking skin. Thight jeans and flip-flops rounded off the outfit to make her look conservative, comfortable, and unmistakibly alluring.

He leaned over and asked her, "Hey, do you know what we're doing in here?" 

She smiled back, "I don't know about you but I'm taking notes." 

A smartass - John loved that in women, he always considered it a subtle way of letting people know that they had their own minds. John grinned sheepishly, "Taking notes? Damned Theif." 

She chuckled under her breath. And so the witty (oh, let's be honest - childish) banter and bad puns continued for the better part of the class. John thought he was doing pretty well for himself. He was saying all the right things and she was eating it up.

But John's heart sank when he heard her crack a joke about her boyfriend. "Well, Danny does...." John listened half-heartedly while he thought about what had just happened. BBS - Big Brother Syndrome. John didn't know what it was but every girl he met thought of him as some sort of brother figure. He realized he had lost track of the conversation when she looked at with those big green eyes and said, "So, what do you think?" John silently cursed himself for drifting off and did the one thing that he knew he would regret; he spoke honestly, 

"I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention - but did you know you have really beautiful eyes?" 

She then did something unexpected, she scowled. "Hey, are you making fun of me?"

"No no no no," John said with a confused look, "Why would you say that?"

She visibly relaxed, "Oh, my boyfriend does that sometimes when he wants to make me mad. He hates the way my eyes look."

"Ha ha, I'm sure you're just jumping to the wrong conclusions."

"No, he told me that. He did, among other things."

"Like what?" John said with genuine concern. 

"He calls me hypocritical."

"What do you mean, hypocritical?"

"Well, my last boyfriend and I dated for 3 years and we had sex after about the first year and a half. But I've only been going out with Danny for 3 months and he's mad at me because I don't want to rush the relationship."

"What an asshole."

"No, he's really sweet. I just don't feel that way about him."

"What way?"

"Well, i'm just not attracted to him sexually like I am with some people...... like I am with you." John did a double-take. Attracted? What about the infamous BBS? 

"Well, I'm .... uh ..... thank you." 

Just then the teacher announced, "Class dismissed!"

Among all the rustling of bookbags and the screeching of chairs Bethany couldn't hear what John was saying. But she saw the look in his eyes, and it was not one of longing. She swallowed hard- what was she doing anyways, she had a boyfriend and here she was trying to jump this guy next to her. She packed her things in her pack and quickly started towards the door. She looked back and could tell that he wanted to catch up with her to tell her that she had gotten the wrong idea but she didn't think she could handle that right now. He was gaining on her but she was almost to the bathroom where she could hide.

Damn! Why was this girl moving so fast? John was trying his best to catch up with her but she looked like she was completely embarrased by what she had said and that she was sorry but John could not let her leave without telling her how he felt. Just as she was walking through the door to the Girl's bathroom he stopped her. She looked very upset. "Look, I don't know if this is the right thing to do or not but I had to tell you one thing- I'm attracted to you too." John turned and walked away quickly, knowing that she would probably hate him. He quickly ducked into the adjacent men's bathroom that had the OUT OF ORDER sign taped to the door. He found himself staring at the mirror thinking that he'd made a huge mistake. He hung his head.

When John looked up into the mirror he saw Bethany standing there with a huge smile on her face. He turned around and she jumped into his arms and gave him a long, pasionate kiss. Within seconds their backpacks were on the floor and they were kissing each other for dear life. No one in his experience kissed with the need that Bethany did. She had been so lonely for so long and was finally releasing it into one star-stopping kiss.

With a gentle touch he began to lift her shirt above her head. She smiled as the fabric passed her mouth. He was right, the red satin sat elegantly on Bethany's two perfect breasts. He drapped his hands across the fabric and she shivered. Beth couldn't help but shiver, his touch felt so good on her skin. She undid her bra as he kissed his way up from her stomach. His hands found her jeans zipper and with well practiced motions quickly had them on the floor. He stood back to look at her. Her perfect pert breasts were small but they let him no in no uncertain terms that his lips would be appreciated. As he moved in to press them to his mouth he glanced at her navy blue panties. They was a dark spot that none could mistake and as his lips began to gentle suckle her nipples, his fingers were greeted by a warm wetness. He could hear her moans as he began to flick his tongue and his fingers across her sensitive areas.

Bethany knew she was getting close to orgasm and knew that nothing would bring her more pleasure than to just melt into what she knew John would make amazing. Well, almost nothing. She pulled his lips off of her and grabbed his hands gently but firmly. "Not yet," she smiled coyly. John felt his pants being unzipped as Bethany slowly slid down to her knees. Bethany had never been a fan of giving blow jobs but at that moment every once of her wanted him in her mouth. She slowly stared moving her lips over his dick and felt how warm he was to her touch. At that moment her cell phone rang at her knees and she froze, it was Danny's ringtone. At that moment a wickedly pleasurable idea came to her. She smiled at John and started rubbing him with her right hand as she activated the cell phone with her left.

"Danny? Look, I can't really talk, I'm kinda busy now" She said.

"Hey babe, I just wanted to talk to you and it's kinda important."

"Ok, I'll listen but I won't be able to say anything back." This is what she'd wanted all along.

As Danny began to recount the toils of his day to her, she slid John back into her mouth and began to move up and down with a ferocity that she had never experienced while giving a blow job before. As Danny was telling her how much he missed her and wanted to taste her lips, John came in her mouth. Not now, you wouldn't, Bethany thought as John's cum billowed out of her mouth and down her chin. She tried to swallow it all - a practice she had vehemently avoided until now - but there was just so much of it! Every drop was like honey to her as she thought about all the times that asshole Danny had called her a slut. She pulled back and lay down on the floor, her face and chest covered with cum.

John could hear though the phone, "You know what I would really like to do now?"

"What?" Bethany responded as she eyed John's cock. Too soon for him to have sex yet but god she needed it.

"Would you like to try phone sex?" Danny asked.

"Phone sex? Here in the bathroom?" Bethany responded with false incredulity.

"Well, nobody's in there are they?" Danny sounded impatient.

"No. Well.... I guess it's alright."

John smiled broadly and put his face between Bethany's legs. She began to moan as Danny began to tell her about all the things he would do to her to make her scream, but John could tell from the snipits that Danny was probably still a virgin. Bethany screamed her orgasm as John flicked his tongue across her clitoris. Bethany said her good byes to Danny as John was sliding his dick into her. She had tightened up a little bit but nothing could dull the feeling of having someone inside of her once again. As John and Bethany rocked their way to orgasm, everything became perfectly clear to Bethany. While John was finishing releasing his cum deep into her, She breathlessly whispered,

"You know what? Danny will never be with me."