 Another day, another four jobs. That's the unofficial motto of us telephone repairmen here in NYC. Our day consists of, seeing your foreman first thing in the morning, getting your assignments for the day, getting in the repair van and hit the road. Same routine everyday... well almost everyday. 

Today started out just like almost every other day for the past 13 years that I've been in this company. Rolled up to my first job, saw the customer, fixed their phone. Picked up my next job and sure enough it was in the projects. Man, do I hate working in the projects. I pulled my van up to the front of the building, put my tool belt on, walked up to the front of the building always looking up to make sure that I don't get hit in the head with any bottles, dirty baby diapers or other assorted garbage that seems to come flying out of the windows of the projects in New York City. I had to wait by the front entrance, by the door with the bullet hole through the safety glass, for someone to open it from the inside since the doorbells are always out of order. I finally got inside the building and waited, seemingly forever, for an elevator car to arrive. Eventually I made it to my customers apartment, 8D. Before knocking on the door I checked my sheet for the customers name, Tamika Jones. I knocked on the door. 

"Who is it?" 

"Telephone company" I replied. 

"Give me one minute I have to get dressed" 

I waited for a very short while before the door opened. Before I could give my standard telephone company greeting I had to pause because before me was an absolutely beautiful young black woman, maybe 19 years old, wearing what appeared to be a t-shirt and nothing else. Fortunately I was able to regain my composure.

"Good Morning Miss Jones. Are you having trouble with your telephone service?"

"Yeah, I'm glad you came, the phone jack on the dining room wall is broken and doesn't work anymore." 

Now typically we have to charge customers for this kind of work if they do not have a maintenance agreement with us but I made up my mind right there that there was no way I'd be able to charge such a fine young thing for the work so I made no mention of the charges at all.

"Well that shouldn't be too much of a problem to fix, why don't you show me where it is and I'll take care of it for you?" 

She led me to the dining room which was more like an eat-in area of a kitchen and was also right next to the living room. As I was walking behind her I couldn't help but notice her incredibly perfect ass. It wasn't at all big, but was so round and juicy I could have taken a bite out of it right there. It didn't help that her ass cheeks were peeking out at me from below the bottom of her t-shirt. 

But I am a professional, so I shook it off and gladly followed my customer. She pointed out the jack and then went into the living room and sat on the sofa directly facing me and watched television while I began to replace her wall jack. While I was working I couldn't help but sneak a peak over in her direction. She was sort of laying lengthwise on the sofa with her back up against the armrest. Her left leg, the one closest to me was straight out and her right leg was up, bent at the knee with her right foot flat on the sofa. Man was she so hot I was having a hard time paying attention to what I was doing. The second time I looked over at her I must have looked a little too hard because she caught me. She looked me right in the eye and said nothing but gave me one of those devilish smiles that caused my heartbeat to increase. As I finished up I asked her if there was anything else that I could do for her while I was there.

"Well" she said, "the phone jack in my sisters bedroom is coming loose, would you mind fixing that while you're here?" 

The wheels started turning in my head as I started to think of the possibilities before me and I said. 

"That shouldn't be a problem Miss Jones but I do have to tell you that for this type of work we have to charge you. I didn't charge you for the jack in the kitchen but I'll have to charge you for the repairs in the bedroom."

"How much is that going to cost?" she asked.

"Approximately eighty five dollars depending on how long it takes" I replied.

"Ok no problem" was her response. 

I followed her into her sister's bedroom and she pointed out the jack on the wall next to the foot of the bed. I knelt down and started removing the old jack off of the wall. As I started, she didn't leave the room, instead she laid down on her bed while I was working. She was on her stomach with her feet at the head of the bed resting her weight on her arms. Her legs were so nicely shaped and the chocolate complexion of her flesh was making my sweet tooth act up. The position she was in was getting me hot. Her T-shirt was pulled up so most of her beautiful ass was exposed and her back was arched further accentuating the perfect shape of her ass. The job didn't take long at all, maybe five minutes and I was done. I got my tools together and stood up in front of her. She was still laying there but I was real close and her head was practically in my groin. 

"OK Miss Jones, I'm all done. I just need you to sign this paperwork stating the charges for the work that I performed."

She looked up at me and said "Eighty five dollars is alot of money I'm not sure if we can afford to pay"

All was going according to plan so far. I said "well Miss Jones you can always call our billing office and make the payments out in installments"

She looked at me and said "Well isn't there something I can give you now as payment for the work you did?" And then looked straight ahead at my crotch.

She then reached out and rubbed my dick through my pants while looking me straight in the eye. I immediately began to get aroused as she moved her body so she was sitting on the edge of the bed directly in front of me massaging my dick. I unbuckled my tool belt as she began to unbuckle the belt on my pants and unzip them. I watched her as she pulled my pants down and my hard cock sprang out. She started stroking my dick as I placed my hands on her head. I pulled her face towards my dick and she opened her lips and took the head into her mouth. She was good. She started by licking the underside of the head then ran her tongue back and forth along the underside of my cock while rubbing my balls with her hand. She did this for while then took the head back into her mouth and started sucking, gradually working it so that she eventually had almost my entire dick in her mouth. She then started blowing me like a pro, not using her hands much at all, just her mouth. She was sucking me off with those long strokes up and down the entire length of my dick. My hands held her head still as I started to fuck her mouth. She let me do that for a while before she backed up, looked at me and said

"Will a blowjob do or do you want to fuck me too?" 

Without answering I backed up, tore my shirt off. reached down took off my boots and the rest of my clothes. As I undressed she took off her shirt, revealing the most perfect set of 34c breasts I have ever seen. She laid back on the bed as I climbed on top of her. I placed my mouth to hers as we started kissing very passionately. My lips against hers our tongues exploring each others mouths. I slowly moved down her body kissing her neck before reaching her chest. I grabbed both of her breasts in my big hands as I started licking and sucking each nipple. Her nipples were erect and must have stood out almost a half an inch. I sucked them into my mouth, gently nibbling on them with my teeth. 

She liked that a lot because she told me to bite down on them which I did with pleasure. Since she did such a good job sucking my dick I wanted to return the favor. I kissed her down to her belly then down to her thighs. My face was near her crotch and her pussy smelled so good I had to place my mouth right up to it. She spread her legs wide as I used the tip of my tongue to lick all around her large, swollen pussy lips. I looked up at her and she was pinching her nipples as I slid my tongue up inside of her. I was dying to taste her and she was delicious. I slid my tongue in and out of her pussy a few times before I moved onto her clitoris. She was so wet and her pussy opened up wide for me as I started licking her clit with the tip of my tongue. Her hands moved down to my head as I took her clit into my mouth and gave it the tongue lashing I knew she was needing. She moaned as I licked and sucked her clit until her body spasmed and she came while I was eating her. I lapped up as much of her juices as I could before I got on top of her. 

As I pulled myself on top of her I reached down and grabbed her legs, positioning them so that her knees were pinned way back near her shoulders. I put my cock right up against her pussy and inched it in. She was so wet it wasn't much of an effort to slide myself all of the way inside of her hot, slick pussy. Having her in this position really allowed me to fuck her nice and hard and she gasped with my first long, hard stroke. "Fuck me baby" she pleaded. I was ready to do anything this customer wanted in order to make sure that she was satisfied so I did just that. I fucked her good. Nice and hard, really long strokes sliding all the way out of her then plunging back down inside of her. 

We fucked like this for a while but I wanted to see her on top of me so I laid back and pulled her up over me so she was straddling me, my dick never leaving her hot box. She sat there for a short while grinding with my dick deep inside her. She then started to slide up and down on my dick. Nice and slow at first. I looked down the sight of my white dick disappearing into her dark body was incredible. She started to move a little faster and because of this her titties started to bounce up and down. This is what I was looking for. Our bodies made slapping noises each time she lowered herself down onto me. She liked this position a lot because she was able to reach down and rub her clit while she fucked me. I could hear her breathing become more rapid. She became more vocal and started saying "oh shit, oh shit!" 

I knew she was getting close to orgasm and this started to get me close. I let her stay in control as that feeling started welling up inside of my balls. She leaned forward and started grinding which I assume was to stimulate her clitoris even more. "Oh God" she said "Oh God, I'm cumming" with that I stopped holding back and allowed myself to release. She put her hands on my chest and gasped as we both came together. I shot my cum deep inside of her as she rode my dick until she was done cumming. 

We laid there for a while until we recovered. I got up to use her bathroom to wash up, when I was done and dressed I tore up her bill. She smiled and said "If I ever have phone problems again will you come back and fix my phone?" I said "Of course, as long as you're gonna pay me the way you paid me today." On that note I left her apartment, rode down the elevator, left the building (remember, always looking up) and went onto my next job.