 She walked in the house and heard him talking on the phone. She walked over to him and kissed his cheek and he seemed not to notice. She put down her purse and looked over at the computer to see what he was working on. She leaned in front of him and smiled. He looked up and winked and held up one finger and kept talking. She kissed the top of his head and went into the kitchen, kicking off her shoes as she walked away. She pulled out a bottle wine and poured a glass and listened to him talk on the phone. She heard a lot of grunts and yes I know and could tell he was trying to get off the phone. 

She walked back in and stood beside him and tickled his ear. He looked at her and held up his finger again. She shook her head and hopped up onto the desk in front of him. She reached over and took hold of his tie and pulled him to her. He smiled up at her and kept talking on the phone. She frowned and pulled him close.

"Hang up." She whispered.

He shook his head and kept talking. She arched her eyebrow and frowned. She could tell this conversation was not very important, but he let people go on and on like this and never knew when to hang up. She let him go when he pulled away from her and leaned back in his chair, and reached up and began to unbutton her blouse. She smiled at him and unbuttoned it very slowly in front of him. 

He stuttered into the phone as he watched her take off her blouse and revealed her lacy bra. She slipped off the desk and unsnapped and unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. She took down her hair and let it fall to her shoulders and leaned forward, showing him her ample cleavage as she unsnapped her garters. She slid the garter belt down and off, and threw it at him. It landed in his lap and she laughed softly. She heard a man's voice on the other end of the phone saying his name. 

"Yea, yea. I'm here." He said into the phone. 

She slowly began to strip her stockings off, sliding one down each leg and sitting before him in just her panties and bra. He groaned and coughed to cover it up on the phone. She laughed, and reached for the front closure of her bra. 

"Please don't." he gasped. She stopped and looked up as he tried to recover on the phone. "No, no, I was uh hoping the shredder didn't jam." He said desperately. He turned the chair around to avoid temptation. He moaned out loud when her bra dropped in front of him into his lap and he hung his head. "No, nothing is wrong...I uh----" He felt the phone leave his hand.

"David is needed for something quite urgent right now." She said huskily into the phone. "He'll call you back tomorrow." She clicked off the phone and put it down as he spun around to face her. 

"That was—"he stopped and watched her walk to him and straddle his lap. She wrapped her arms around his neck and began placing warm wet open mouthed kisses along his neck. He moaned and placed his hands on her waist and felt her warm skin. He ran his hands up her back, then down and cupped her bottom and pulled her closer to him. Her breasts pressed into his chest, and he felt her lick his earlobe. 

"I can't believe you did that." He murmured into her hair.

"Are you sorry?" she whispered, sucking his earlobe into her mouth. 

"Good Lord no." he laughed and kissed her neck. "You naked in my lap or a boring ass phone call. Lemme think..." He leaned back and pulled her head up and kissed her softly on the mouth. "I think I'll choose you." 

She smiled against his mouth and licked his lips. She pulled at his tie and tugged it off and laid it around her neck. She then went on to unbutton his shirt to his waist and spread it open with her hands. She bent her head and began kissing his neck and pulling his shirt out of his pants. She kissed her way up his neck and kissed his earlobe.

"I missed you all day." She whispered. 

"You did?" he moaned as she brushed her thumbs over his nipples. 

"Yes. I couldn't wait to get home to you and get naked with you." She whimpered softly when he mirrored her gesture and ran his thumbs over her nipples. 

"Oh honey," he whispered, "you need made love to?" 

"For a really long time, several times over." She panted into his ear, and wrapped her arms around his neck and hugged him close. 

He hugged her close to him for several moments, and then began kissing her neck softly. He ran his hands up and down her back, then dipped his hands into her panties and cupped her bare bottom. He felt her wriggle closer against his crotch, making him harder. He sucked her earlobe into his mouth, and massaged it gently with his tongue. He pushed her away to look at her face. 

"Let's go to bed, sweetheart." He sucked her lower lip into his mouth. 

She moaned and slid off of him, pulling him up and tugging him by his open shirt with her to the bedroom. She walked backwards towards the bedroom, kissing him the whole way, as he pulled off his shirt and let it fall in the hallway. She ran her hands up his chest and down his arms, and held his hands in hers as he pushed her against the wall in the hallway and kissed her deeply. She opened her mouth and let her tongue move against his, moaning into his mouth. 

He brought her hands up and pinned them to the wall and pushed the rest of his body into hers. He slid his thigh between her legs, and felt her begin to ride against it slightly. He smiled against her mouth, and let her grind against him for a minute, enjoying the feel of her against him. He slid his hands down her arms and pulled away slightly to cup her breasts in his hands. 

She let her hands fall and she brought them to his belt and undid it, then unsnapped his pants and slid his zipper down. She felt his hands on hers, pulling them away from his pants. He laughed against her lips at her whimpering. 

"We're making it to the bed." He whispered and pulled away from her and steered her to the bedroom backwards. He walked her into the room and she felt the bed against her legs. She sank down on the bed and looked up at him, and reached up and pulled his pants down, now held up only be his erect cock. They pooled at his feet and he kicked off his shoes, reached down and pulled off his socks and then leaned down and laid her back on the bed. 

She slid up the bed, and he followed her, kissing her all the way until her head reached the pillows. He lay over her, braced on his arms, kissing lips thoroughly and gently. She raised her arms around his neck and stroked his tongue with hers into her mouth. He held her head in his hands and kissed her for a very long time. He loved kissing her and moaned into her mouth. He rolled over onto his back and brought her with him, still continuing to kiss her. 

She straddled him and lifted herself up over him. She smiled a very wicked smile, making him worry a little. 

"What are you smiling for?" he asked her. She laughed and leaned forward, taking his hands in hers. She guided them up to the iron headboard and he smiled and held onto the headboard as he'd done for her before. But this time was different, as she pulled the tie that he had forgotten was around her neck and looped it around his wrists and tied his hands to the headboard. She tied it snugly around his wrists and leaned down and kissed his lips.

"Do you trust me?" she whispered.

"Yes. I trust you sweetheart." He swallowed hard, because even though he did trust her, he was a little uncomfortable with this. Sure he had done it to her several times to both of their enjoyment, but he had never been on the receiving end before and didn't know one could feel this vulnerable. 

"I would never ever hurt you or leave you this way, David." She said as she laid her forehead against his. "If you want, I'll untie you." She looked into his eyes as she said this softly. 

He looked back at her and thought for a moment and realized that he owed her this, she had submitted when he did this to her and she was amazing, even the first time when she was nervous as hell. 

"No." he whispered. "Don't untie me yet."

She smiled and leaned backward, sliding herself down his body, letting her whole body rub all along his hard cock. She rested for a moment and held it between her breasts and leaned down and licked the pre cum off of the head. He groaned and arched his back. 

She smiled and began licking him all over; soft wet licks with her tongue, all up and down his cock. She stroked and massaged his balls with one hand and laid the other on his stomach. She rose up and took him in her mouth and began to suck him slowly, up and down, over and over. He moaned loudly, urging her on, as she sucked him harder. 

"God, baby that feels so good." He groaned as she sucked him harder, moving up and down over him faster, wetting his cock with her saliva. He looked down and watched her, completely devouring his cock with her mouth, moaning around it and sending vibrations all through him. He about lost it when she looked up at him with her wide eyes. 

"Stop baby, I'll cum and I want to cum inside you." He panted hard. 

She slowly pulled her mouth off of him and slid up his body. She straddled him, rose up over his cock with her pussy and took it in her hand and guided it to her opening. She slowly sank down on him, feeling the head slip inside her and his length slide up her wet pussy. She let her head fall back and moaned as she sank down fully on him and began to grind onto him. 

He moaned with her and thrust his hips up against her pussy, and began to tug at the tie wrapped around his wrists. He groaned and realized she would have to let him go. He looked up at her as she rode him, her head still back, her breasts thrust into the air, her hips moving against him in a fast rhythm. She began to rock harder, whimpering as she bit her lip. 

"Baby, let me go so I can touch you." He panted. She looked down at him into his eyes, panting hard; she reached down and untied him. He propelled himself up and rolled her over onto her back, and she yelped in surprise. He took her hands in his and held them above her head, and began to pump into her pussy. 

She moaned, and spread her legs wide so he could stroke deeper. He continued to hold her wrists with one hand and reached down with the other and stroked her clit, which he knew would set her off on an immediate orgasm. He stroked her clit twice and she cried out his name and clenched around his cock and came hard. She bit her lip and whimpered, her body shaking all over. She lay back, panting hard and opened her eyes and looked up at him. 

"Was that my punishment for tying you up?" she whispered. He looked down at her, spread her arms and held them down above her head with his hands and kissed her softly. 

"Maybe." He said against her lips. "Don't you think you need to be punished?" he said as he thrust into her once.

"Oh yes." She moaned as he began to thrust into her over and over again. "David. Please. Don't stop."

He kept thrusting into her in a slow rhythm, pumping against her and feeling her clench around him, her warm pussy encasing him and covering him with her juices from her orgasm. She felt so tight and hot; he buried his face in her neck and began pumping harder into her. 

She wrapped her thighs around his hips and whimpered his name. He thrust faster against her, his hips moving up and down and slamming against her. He lifted his head and laid his forehead against hers and panted her name. 

"David," she panted. "I'm going to cum again." She arched her back and bit her lip, whimpering as she felt the tingling coming over her body. 

He covered her mouth with his and thrust into her, feeling her muscles clamp down on his cock and sending him over the edge, he slammed into her once more and came, feeling himself gush inside her. He buried his face in her neck and moaned her name, rolling over to his side and bringing her with him, his cock still buried deep inside her. 

They lay together, panting softly, relaxing and kissing each other gently. He stroked her hair and she smiled at him. She ran her fingers over his lips, and kissed him. He wrapped his arms around her and held her close to him. She laid her head on his chest and kissed his chest. They lay together until they fell asleep, wrapped within each other.