 Oh boy, this is it. The phone call I've been anticipating all day. Seems posting your resume on the internet can actually get someone's attention. I guess a short explanation is in order. Well, not much to tell really. I've been unhappy with my job for a while now and decided I would piece together a resume and see if the internet sites were all they claimed to be. Within 3 days I had been contacted by a company that wanted to interview me but they wanted to do a phone screen before they spent the money to fly me out for something in person. When I started on this little job search adventure, I really didn't expect much and now, here I was driving down the road with my cell phone ringing, about to have a conversation that might change my life completely. Hey, I know it's just a phone screen, but the potential to move to tell my boss to take a flying leap, move another part of the country, and have a new start had my imagination working overtime and the butterflies were kicking in all day. 

"Rinnng, Rinnng"

Ok, I guess I should answer that before they decide to hang up.

"Hello." 

"Hi, is this Mr. Jones?" My god, the voice on the other end caught me completely off guard. Not only was she a she, but she had the sexiest voice I had ever heard. I must have been silent a little too long.

"Mr. Jones?"

"Hi, yes, I'm Mr. Jones. Sorry about that, I was a little distracted when I answered. I'm in my car, just give me a second to pull over into a parking lot." The truth is, her voice had melted me instantly and my distraction had nothing to do with the road since I had a hands-free set-up in the car. "Ok, I'm parked. Please call me Justin."

"Hi Justin, I'm Kimberly Madden from Global Systems Maximum, how are you this evening?"

"I'm doing great Mrs. Madden, how are you?"

"Well, it's Miss and please, call me Kimberly, and I'm doing fine, thank you. I believe you were expecting my call to conduct a phone screen and determine whether or not you would be a good candidate for a position we have open in our New Technologies Division."

Pretty slick how I found out she wasn't married huh? Ok, so it wasn't rocket science but at least I thought to do it. Well, as you can see, the conversation was pretty basic stuff but my god, her voice was mesmerizing. She started the screen by giving me some background on the company and quite frankly, I'm not sure I remember much after the introductions. All I could focus on was the sound of her voice and how excited I was. I was feeling pretty fortunate that this was a phone screen and not in person because the rise in my pants would have probably caused her to throw me out on my ass. Unfortunately, I was in my car and couldn't do anything about getting out of my clothes to get more comfortable. 

Now, this was for employment, so while her voice had my cock begging for attention, my mind managed to take over for a while and I did manage to act somewhat professionally. Anyway, we made it through most of the basics, background, experience, education, salary estimates, reason for the change....and then it happened, an opportunity I could have only dreamed about. She was telling me about the company benefits and she said, "Well, that's about all the company information I have for you but I would also like to tell you a little about our penis plan." Oh my god, did she really say that? The phone went silent for what seemed like minutes but I'm sure only about 10 seconds passed.

"Kimberly?"

"Yes Justin, I'm still here. I'm really sorry about that. Obviously I meant to say pension plan, I'm so embarrassed, I can't believe I said that."

I knew it, she could have continued the conversation like nothing had happened and I'd have assumed I imagined it but now, it was confirmed. Well, not being one to pass up an opportunity to have a racy conversation......

"You're embarrassed because you said penis plan?" I chuckled a little hoping to relax her.

"Well, yeah, I mean, it was pretty unprofessional on my part, of all the Freudian slips."

"Don't think twice about it, we're both adults and I'm not offended at all. I am curious though, why did you refer to it as a Freudian slip?" Hell no I wasn't going to let this opportunity get away. Besides, it was pretty much dark by now and I was able to unzip my pants and slide them down slightly without a lot of fear of being seen by anyone who might be passing by.

"Well, geez, you wouldn't believe how red my face is right now. Well, let's just say it's been a while," she laughed a little now. "I can't believe I just told you that. What a goof you must think I am."

"No, not at all. As a matter of fact, I'm quite flattered that you feel comfortable enough to talk with me like this after just one conversation on the phone. So tell me, why so long since your last ummm...penis plan? That is, if it doesn't make you feel too uncomfortable to talk about it."

"It's funny, for some reason I feel completely comfortable talking to you....like I could tell you anything. I guess the main reason these days is fear. I came out of a long term relationship about 4 months ago and I'm just not ready to put it all out there again just to get hurt. "

"What, no interest in sport fucking just to relieve the tension?" I was thinking I may have gone to far with that comment but I wanted to find out right away if this conversation had potential to go as far as I wanted it to or if it was going to be one of those sensitive boo-hoo kind of talks.

"Honestly, it's not that I haven't thought about it or that I have anything against it, I just don't have the time to go prowling and you never know what you're bringing home with you these days."

I took this as a positive sign but a group of teenie boppers had started to gather a few spots down from where I was parked and I was started to become more aware of my state of half-undress. "Look, Kimberly, I'm thinking from the conversation that I everything went well with the screen and I'll be flying out to do an in person interview with one of the supervisors in your company, so the rest of this conversation is probably going to be personal. Any chance I can get your home number and call you back after we both get to our homes?"

"Justin, I would love that. I work out of my home so I'm already there and here's my number, area code 252..."

"Wait, 252? That's my area code. You're here?"

"Yeah, I didn't mention that? My company has recruiters all over the country who work out of their homes and conduct phone screens with local applicants."

"Well, in that case, this might be a little forward, but, would you be interested in meeting for dinner?"

"It's about time you asked!"

This was going far better than I could have imagined. We met at a little mom and pop place that lacked atmosphere, but definitely made up for it in the quality of the food and service. I couldn't believe I could be so lucky. Her voice had mesmerized me but her beauty had me captivated. She had long, curly, jet black hair that hung halfway down her back and framed her face perfectly. Her eyes could seduce Kalaja and she seemed to have a permanent sassy smile on her moist lips. She was wearing jeans and a t-shirt, nothing fancy but she'd have looked alluring in anything. I can't offer a description that would do her legs and ass justice and her breast were firm and of perfect holding size. A 36C I guessed. She was one of those women who turned the heads of both men and women when she walked by and I just knew I was going to wake from my dream any second. By the end of dinner it was obvious that this night was far from over. We talked about our past relationships, employment, growing up, and everything in between. I had made it a point to confess to her the affect her voice had on my during the phone screen. She then blew my mind. She told me she had almost forgotten to call me but remembered while she was finishing her shower. Turns out she had jumped from the shower to her desk with nothing more than a towel, which she found necessary to discard during our talk so she could have access to her nipples. I coyly asked why that would be necessary and she leaned forward and whispered, "Can't you see the effect your voice is having on them? They've been fighting against my t-shirt the whole time we've been talking." It's not that I hadn't noticed, but my voice? My voice was having the same effect on her that her's had on me?

"CHECK PLEASE!"

We dashed out of the restaurant arm in arm, giggling like school kids. She invited me to her place for coffee and I couldn't think of any place I'd rather be.

Once her front door closed, there was no need to waste any more time. The last 4 hours was more foreplay than any 2 people could need and I took her in my arms and kissed her deep. I breathed in her sent and my hands held her firmly by her arms. We kissed and pulled at each others clothes, all the while she was leading me to her bedroom. Stumbling over our shoes and awkwardly balancing each other while never breaking contact. Finally, we made our way inside the bedroom. It was dimly lit with a soft blue light and she stopped for a moment to light a candle. The fresh sent of peaches quickly filled the air. I must have had a somewhat curious look on my face and she simply looked at me and told me she had made some preparations before she left to meet me, just in case the evening turned out as she had hoped.

She slowly sat down on the bed a slid her body to the head. Lying on her back, she told me to open the nightstand drawer and take out the black scarf. I noticed a few other toys under the scarf as I did what she wanted. She then asked me to use the scarf to blindfold her. Again, I did as she asked. She then told me to cuff her wrist to the headboard and again, I did as she asked. She told me I could do anything I wanted as long as I held to 2 rules. Rule 1 was that I only used the toys available in her nightstand drawer. Rule 2 was that I did not stop talking to her. I glanced down in the drawer and pulled out the nipple clamps I had seen before and she must have recognized the sound of the chain because she gasped slightly in anticipation of what was to come. I laid them on the bed beside her and then retrieved a soft rubber vibrator and laid it beside the clamps. This was going to be a night that at least some of my fantasies came true.

I climbed onto the bed and began talking to her. She was so beautiful, it was easy to find the words. I told her how I wanted to kiss her, hold her, tease her. All the while I was talking my hands were gently stroking her arms, then her neck, down the sides of her breast, along her rib cage, across her thighs, down her legs to her feet and back up again. Taking time between my talking to kiss her body. Not her nipples or her pussy, but every other part of her body had traces of my lips planting soft wet kisses. I made the trip up and down her body this way at least 4 times. Then, I took the vibrator and turned it on low. I placed it on her pussy and left it laying there as I started my trip up and down her body again, stopping from time to time to kiss her deeply. Her wrists were strained against the soft cuffs that bound her arms as her body was responding exactly as I had wanted. Now, for the first time, I slowly kneaded her breasts and gradually worked my way to her nipples before rolling them up between my thumb and index finer, pinching them outward and sucking them in between my lips. I sucked them in gently at first, then more firmly, and finally, grazing them with my teeth. She was writhing underneath me and I was in heaven. "Kimberly, I want you to come for me as soon as you feel my teeth on your nipples again." That was all she needed, the vibrator had done it's job and the teasing had her beyond the point of control. Just as my teeth had barley found her nipple, she started her first orgasm. I hadn't tied her feet so she would be able to squeeze her legs together and hold the vibrator tight against her pussy. Everything was as I had wanted it to be and I couldn't wait to continue.

Once her orgasm had passed, I slowly kissed my way down her stomach and positioned myself between her legs. The sent of her juices filled the air and I replaced the vibrator with my lips. At first I just sucked her lips fully into my mouth, tasting her sweet pussy for the first time. She wrapped her legs around my shoulders and arched her back as she came again, my tongue swirling inside her pussy as it released more of her sweet juice to me. I licked and held her tight, squeezing her ass as she lifted it from the bed, letting my tongue run the full length from her ass to the top of her pussy where the neatly trimmed racing stripe began.

When she had calmed down, I realized I was breaking rule number 2 the whole time I had been between her legs. I assume she didn't mind but decided to start talking to her again. I whispered all the things I was going to do to her while I slowly inserted the vibrator into her soaked pussy. I uncuffed one of her hands so she could hold onto my cock while I was continuing. She leaned forward as much as she could and I almost shot my load as she took me into her mouth. I managed to regain control and I reached for the nipple clamps. She gasped and squeezed hard on my cock as I put the first clamp on her rigged, hard nipple. She immediately went back to sucking me and I bent over to suck her other nipple. I pulled the nipple tight between my lips and stretched it upward so I could slide the next clamp on between my lips and her breast. I released her nipple from my lips just as I let the clamp close down on it. Again she gasped and arched her back in an effort to force the vibrator in further, her free hand clamping down on the sheets of the bed.

I took her free hand and returned it to the cuff on the bead post, letting my cock rest on her lips as I did. She licked and sucked at it as much as she could and there was a trail of precum stretched from her lips to the tip of my cock.

I positioned myself between her legs and started moving the vibrator in and out. Then, just as the vibrator was almost completely withdrawn, I held it there for a moment, pulled it completely our, and then sank my cock inside her without missing a stroke. The feeling was incredible, so soft, wet, tight, I thought I was going to explode. I kissed her neck as I started a slow rhythm of pumping her sweet pussy. She started to writhe again and bucking her hips upward, increasing the rhythm as we continued. I felt my body start to tighten, her legs around me to draw me in as deep as she could. I squeezed her breast and held on as tight as I could, feeling a rise in my balls and my cock grow as hard as it's ever been, I cried our, "Oh god Kimberly, I'm going to cum so hard inside you....Cum with me, now, I want you to cum with me right nooooow." I felt the release as it began in my toes and worked it way up to my cock. I felt the explosion with every inch of my body as the orgasm just didn't seem to end. She was rocking as hard as she could against my pelvic bone as she too cried out, "Yes Justin, oh gawd yes, I'm cumming with you....yeeeeessss, keep pumping me, yeeeesssssss."

The waves of pleasure took a while to subside and I finally found the strength to reach up and unhook her from the cuffs. She removed the nipple clamps and blindfold and we held and kissed each other passionately again. Then she looked me square in the eye and said, "Umm, this might not be the right time to mention it, but, uhhhh, well, ....You're hired." We laughed and rolled around on the bed some more, my god, the good times we were yet to have.