 All I could do was sit there and sweat, it was 105° outside and going up. The little swamp cooler I had running full blast helped for a second or two when I stood right in front of it but anywhere else in my apartment it seemed to just make it worse.

The night before I had brought in my new huge 32" flat screen TV, $398.00 on sale down at Wally's. I was happy as a clam in butter sauce, glad to get rid of the old analog 16 incher that had streaks running through it. Not a bad deal at all, $50 down and $29.98 a month for the next two years and she would be all mine!

I had busily moved everything in the room, ran the phone line over so I could plug it in and order up some porn.

Sure as hell, the goddam phone cord was a good foot too short, even after I stretched it catty corner across the middle of the room.

I called the phone company, "$99.00 minimum" is what they told me. I asked them what the maximum was and they told me "It depends", fuck that. I strung the phone cord the other way to hook up my computer, sure enough, that wouldn't reach, either. I gave it a couple of yanks to try and make it reach and ended up with the jack jerked right out of the wall. 

Fucking dialup anyway, if I could afford wireless or cable I wouldn't have these damned problems.

Now I was pissed off! No TV, no computer, hotter than the hubs of hell and not much money to get anything fixed.

I suppose I could have put everything back where it was and try to hook the wires back up but I didn't have a clue how they worked. Plus I had just spent most of the night moving the couch and chairs, TV cabinet, everything in my damned hovel to where it was.

Fucking boxes piled up in the middle of the living room, stacks of magazines and flyers that come in the mail everywhere.

No way in hell was I going to move it all back.

After I finished throwing a fit and kicking the couch a little, I reached for the phone book. None on the table, so I dug through the pile of crap I had thrown into a big cardboard box, found one.

In the phone repair section and there was one tiny little ad there that claimed "same day" service so I went next door and asked the grumpy old bastard that lived next to me if I could use his phone.

He glared at me in suspicion but finally said OK, I went in and called them.

"Fifty-nine dollars", they told me, now that sounded lots better. I booked them for later that afternoon, one of those "Sometime between 1 PM and 5 PM" deals.

Great.

I tried to strike up a conversation with the grumpy old bastard since he had air conditioning but he pointedly held the door open for me.

So I reluctantly went back to my sauna to wait. I was peeking out the window every ten seconds to see if they were here yet, alternating that with pulling cold beers out of my fridge, rubbing them on my chest and neck before taking a swig.

All I had on was a pair of tan baggy shorts, I sat there wiping myself down with a towel I kept damp from the sink. A couple of times I held the cool beer can right up against my balls, too. Damn that felt good.

Finally a white van pulled up, I saw a woman climb out and go around to the back. She looked to be about 30 or so, she was dressed in a brown uniform that really didn't hide the fact that she was pretty well built.

She turned around, a tray of tools in her hand. I saw her sweep her long dark hair back from her face, then the back of her hand wiped across her forehead. She stood there looking around trying to figure out which apartment was mine, then spotting the number she headed for the stairs.

Yumyum! I thought. A pretty little thing for sure. The uniform blouse she had on was unbuttoned far enough that I could see the tops of both of her boobs even from the distance.

I opened the door before she could even knock.

"Dalton phone service, I'm Sherry." She told me with a smile. I opened the door to let her inside, showed her where I needed the phone jack placed. She looked over the job, then turned to me and looked me up and down with a smile. I realized I was standing there naked except for my baggy shorts and I think she knew it too, she just grinned.

I blushed.

"Hot day, huh?" She said.

"Yea, too damned hot."

Then I went and sat down in my chair in front of the swamp cooler, popped open a beer.

"Hey want one?" I asked her holding up the can.

"I would love one but I can't, I am on duty." She leaned down to start working on the phone jack.

A very large expanse of boobs appeared at the top of her blouse as it gapped open. Hell, this was looking to be as much fun as the porno flick I had planned to watch, I leaned forward a bit in my chair to improve the angle.

Sherry glanced up at me and grinned again as she caught me looking. But she made no move to cover anything up, then her eyes fell to my crotch. It took me a few seconds to realize, hell, I was sitting there looking down the top of her blouse, she was on her knees in front of me looking up the leg of my shorts.

And I didn't have any undies on!

Quickly I closed my legs, turning bright red. I was sure she would throw a fit or accuse me of being a flasher or something.

She just grinned at me.

"Hey, relax, sir. It's hot as hell and I would be naked at home too if I didn't have to work."

"I'm sorry." I managed to stammer. "I didn't mean..."

"No problem, sir." She gave me a big grin, looked me pointedly up and down.

What the hell. I plopped back down in my chair but I kept my legs together this time. It didn't take her five minutes, she hung the new phone jack closer to the TV set so I could order some movies. Then she installed a second one next to my computer.

"All set!" She stood up and grinned, I realized that now even standing up a lot of her was showing.

Had she unbuttoned another button?

"I...uhhh...thank you." I managed.

"Hey is that offer of a beer still good?" She had that grin on her face again. I hustled to the fridge to grab her one. She took it and reached under her blouse which was now pulled out of her slacks and rubbed it on herself. I blinked a couple of times at that.

She was standing there right in front of me with her blouse pulled out, rubbing the cold beer can on her boobs.

"Ahhh...that feels good!" She pulled it out from under her blouse, popped the top and took a swig.

I finally found my manners.

"Want a glass?" I asked, way too late.

"Naw, this is fine!" Then she went over to my swamp blower and lifted up the bottom of her blouse again. The air coming off of it made her blouse billow out, she stood there and let the cool air blow over her for quite awhile.

I was wishing she didn't have her back to me.

"There. That's better!" She turned around.

"So what do you do for a living?" She asked me.

"I work down at the car wash, I am off today." I said. Clever of me, no shit, I mean, I was at home.

"Clothes are awful on a day like today, then these damn brown outfits make it worse. Hey, would you get offended if I just took off this damn blouse?"

"Uhh...errr....I...No...if you want to." I suddenly found myself blushing again.

"Well, you don't have a shirt on so why should I?" She gave me a sly look.

Yep. I blushed again, furiously.

She set down the beer, undid her blouse and shrugged it off. Two beautiful breasts appeared, not big but nice. I just stood there in surprise.

Girls just didn't do things like that, I thought. Well, they did in the porno movies I watched but not real girls anyway.

Not the ones I had known up to this point.

"Can I get one of those damp towels sir?" She asked sweetly.

"Sure! Yes! I mean....My name is Danny!" I almost ran to the bathroom, I was back in seconds. She was standing in front of the swamper again. She took the towel gratefully, began to wipe herself down as I stood there with my mouth open.

I returned to my place in my chair, just then her cell phone rang, she went over and picked it up.

"Yea, just about, but I have a couple of more things to finish." She told someone on the other end.

"An hour or so, maybe a bit longer."

"OK. Tell them about 4:30." She hung up as I looked at my watch. It was just past 2:30.

"We have a couple of hours, sir...I mean Danny." She went over and sat on my couch directly across from me.

I couldn't believe this, she sat there unabashed and naked to the waist. Her breasts were high and firm, capped with big dark nipples that had button like tips on each. The nipples both stuck straight out, she kept rubbing them with the cold beer.

My dick headed towards the clouds, I felt it lifting the pants leg of my baggy shorts. I reached down and let my hand cover myself.

Sherry glanced down and giggled, took another pull off the can of beer.

"I see it's getting hotter in here." She laughed.

"I'm sorry. I can't help it, I am not used to...."

"Oh, bare titties? It's no big deal, I go topless at the beach all the time."

I could see that, her skin was a rich chocolate color and there were no tan lines.

"How about another cold one if you have any more?" She held out the empty can.

I jumped up again and got one, that was something I always had, in fact, most of what was in my fridge was beer. I hurried back and handed it to her, she did that delightful rubbing herself again, sliding it lightly across her nipples.

She popped the top and took a sip.

"Well, do you like my tits? I think they are pretty nice!" She set down the can and put one hand under each one and lifted them.

"They are beautiful!" I told her.

"Thanks. I like showing them off. I liked looking at your dick, too...what I got to see of it." She glanced down at my groin again, I had my legs tightly closed.

"You need to relax a little, Danny." She encouraged with a purr, reaching again for the brew.

"You mean....?" I asked.

"Yea! I am beginning to wonder what it takes with you."

"I didn't want to offend...." I managed, stupidly.

"Oh, just hell! Here, I will make it easy for you!" Sherry jumped up and tugged her slacks down and stepped out of them. The pubic hair was the same dark color as her head.

I had no idea of what to say or do, this was the very first real girl I had even seen completely naked and in the flesh. Sure, there had been a couple of fumblings in the car, but that was about it to this point.

"There! That's better! Now it's your turn."

What the hell. I stood up and undid the buttons on my shorts, hesitated since she sat there calmly watching me. Then I let them drop. There was no way to hide the fact that my dick was hard as a rock and sticking straight out.

I sat back down in the chair, reached for my beer doing my very best to act as calm and matter of fact as I could.

"Wouldn't it be nice if everyone was naked all the time? Just think, in no time at all nobody would pay any attention." She said.

I wasn't too sure about that.

"Lots of us go naked down at the beach, nobody really notices after a few minutes." She added.

"Well, it does feel nice." I managed. For some reason I was trying to not stare at her, every fiber in my being wanted to do just that.

"Say, why don't we use your shower? The cold water will cool us both off." She smiled at me, finishing the 2nd can of beer.

"We?" I thought.

"Uh, sure, go ahead."

"OK!" She jumped up, tipping back and then leaning forward to throw herself up off the couch. My couch was a bit on the low side. Her legs seperated for just a moment, I saw a flash of pink.

"Can I have another one?" Sherry stood there holding the empty can.

"Yea, I will get one."

"Just stay there, I will get them." She turned and went into the little alcove that served as my kitchen, got two more beers out and came back to my chair. She leaned over to hand it to me, one breast hanging almost in my face. I could see that she had her beaver perfectly trimmed.

"Thanks." I told her.

"Well, I will go jump in the shower." She stood there expectantly.

I just sat there.

"Are you coming?" She sounded a little bit exasperated.

"I....Oh. OK." I got up, my package swinging dangerously close to her leg since she didn't move. She was so close to me that I could smell a hint of something, it was a little bit like lavender, maybe Roses, mixed with sweat. Then with a grin, she turned and headed for the bathroom.

I was right behind her.

She turned on the shower, feeling the water until it ran lukewarm, then she stepped in. She held out her hand, I stepped in with her.

"AHHHHH!" She said, tipping her head back to let the water flow down over herself. Then she found my half used bar of soap, began to lather herself up. I stood there watching as she rubbed it on her pubic hair, then she handed the bar to me. I began to soap up myself as she turned one way, then the other to wash off the suds.

Stepping aside, she more or less shoved me under the stream of water. That was the first time we had actually touched.

"Jeez you are bashful!" She said.

"Here, let me." She took the bar of soap, began to rub it on my chest, then dropped down and rubbed it on my pubic hair. She lathered up my cock and balls, then reached around behind and stuck the thing right up the crack of my ass.

I was just about to fire one off into the air when she stopped and turned me towards the stream of water again.

Then we both got out of the shower, we stood there for a moment, dripping on the floor mat.

"Dry me off?" She grinned.

I reached for a towel and started at her shoulders, then down her back. I reached around to the front as she held her arms up, I could feel the softness of her breasts through the towel. Then I rubbed down each leg. I expected her to take the towel to do the rest, instead she moved her legs apart.

"Get all of me please." I started to rub her butt cheeks, then I dryed her off between her legs, dropping to my knees to reach in there.

I could see the lips of her pussy part slightly as I dried her pubic hair. My very first right up close look at a real one. I was so hard by this time that it was uncomfortable as hell.

Finally done, I stood up. Sherry took the towel and dried me off.

She paid particular attention to my cock and balls, then finally dry she reached down and lifted my testicles.

"You are pretty tight, want me to fix that?" She giggled, dropping to her knees. Her mouth opened, she leaned forward and closed her lips over me.

My God that felt marvelous! Here I was, standing in my bathroom with a beautiful naked woman and I didn't even know her last name.

And she was sucking on my cock!

Nobody had ever done that to me before.

Real girls didn't do that, I thought. Just in the movies.

"I love to do this." She muttered, her mouth sliding back and forth over me.

"You have such a pretty cock, I knew I was going to do this as soon as I saw it!" She looked at it and went right back to sucking on me.

I snugged up even tighter, then I could not control it and let go. She didn't stop, she swallowed it all. Then she stood back up.

"Let's go into the bedroom, will you do me next?" She asked.

We went in and she lay down on her back, spreading her legs wide as she scooted down closer to the edge. This woman was not in the least bit shy about her body. I kneeled down, rubbed her lightly, then began to slide my tongue over her sex. Her lips now looked swollen and dark.

I was a long ways from being an expert, oh hell. I had never done it before in my life. I just tried to do what I thought would feel good. I even tried to remember what I had seen the actors do in the movies.

"Can you slip your finger inside please?" She asked.

I slid my index finger in there, she was slick and wet, hot. I kept right on licking as her hips began to work up and down.

"Lift up with your finger, rub me gently...inside." Her voice caught.

I did as she asked, sliding my index finger back and forth. I could feel tiny ridges in there, then there was a delicious odor as she flooded with moisture.

"A little bit farther in..That's it! Now, gently, gently. Just like that...ahhhh!" Her pussy seemd to clamp down on my finger.

I was up and hard as a rock again, so I pulled my finger out and started to slide up into position. She reached out with both hands, placed them on my shoulders and pushed.

"NO! I can't let you fuck me." She said.

"Why not?" I was surprised again.

"I can't. Please just lick me? Put your finger back in there, do that some more."

I went right back to work, it didn't take too long since now I was getting the hang of it. Sherry's body tensed, went into convulsions, then she lay back with a quiet sigh. I kept right on licking.

"Easy..Easy." She whispered. I eased up, the tip of my tongue barely brushing her. She stiffened, for a second I thought I had hurt her but then she let out a groan and her stomach started jumping up and down. In instinct, I reached out and placed my hand on her just above her pubic hair, that seemed to increase the effect. Her legs flopped open even farther, to what looked like an impossible angle.

I looked down, she was open so far I could see way up inside, the hole in there looked very tiny. I slipped my now wet finger in there, just experimenting. She bucked a couple of times, then pulled away.

After a few minutes, she sat up. Looking down at my rock hard dick she reached out and began to jack me off. It didn't take long, she giggled as I blasted off all over her hands. She even shuddered again in what seemed to be another small orgasm as my sperm covered her hand.

Then it was right back into the shower where we rinsed off, then afterwards dried each other off again.

In my living room, she quickly dressed. I felt mildly sad as she covered her body up, I could have spent days just looking at her.

"I have to go, got another job to finish." She told me, looking at her watch. I sat there in my chair, still naked.

Sherry took a last long look at me, that was enough for me to begin to erect again, probably a record for me in one day. Even watching the movies I was usually only good for once or sometimes twice. 

"That was fun! Thanks!" She grinned, opened the door and left, waving goodbye.

I think my chest was puffed up a little with pride.

I went and got another beer, rubbed it on my stomach, then popped the top and took a swig. I clicked on the TV, the news was on.

"106°, a new record for the date!" The weatherman was saying, making it almost sound like he had accomplished something himself.

Yep, sure was hot out. I reached down and wrapped my hand around my cock, my mind flashing back to the vision of Sherry lying there with her legs obscenely spread open. 

I barely managed to get myself up to my full seven inches, thinking of beautiful brown breasts with the nipples tightened up to tiny little points.

Just then my phone rang. I picked it up, it was Mandi. I had been dating her a little bit, nothing was really going on with her since the truth is I was far too shy to really make any moves. She was a cute little redhead, freckled and foxy would be the word. The truth is I felt that I was lucky to even get her to go out with me since she was way out of my league, or at least I thought so anyway.

"What's up? Are you staying cool?" She asked.

"Yea, I am sitting here stark naked drinking some beer."

She didn't answer, I could almost hear the thoughts going through her head. Then she laughed.

"So why don't you come on over...and join me?" I asked her.

There was another hesitation.

"Are you really naked?" She asked.

"Yea, it's hot. Hey, I do have some cold beer."

"And you want me to come over? Are we going out?"

"No. It's too hot. We can just...visit."

"You sound different."

"I am different."

"Are you going to put some clothes on?" Mandi asked me.

"No."

There was another hesitation.
