 Ring! Ring! Ring!

He rolled over and looked at the clock before answering the phone. It said 2:00 a.m. He reached for the phone.

"This had better be good." He grumbled into the phone.

"Oh Baby, did I wake you?" his wife asked.

"Yeah you did, but it's alright. It's nice to hear your voice. Is something wrong?" he asked.

"No, I just wanted to talk. I've been so busy for the last few days with this damn photo shoot that I haven't had the chance to call. I wanted to apologize, maybe even sort of make it up to you." she said seductively.

"How might you make it up to me? You're in LA and I'm in Boston." he said playfully.

"Well, I thought we might share a fantasy or two." she said.

"OH, really. Phone sex, huh?" he laughed.

"Yeah, you could call it that. Are you game?" she replied.

"Sure. Hell, I'm even dressed for it," he said.

"What do you know!? So am I!!" she exclaimed.

"I like this already! Are you sitting up or lying down?" he asked.

"I am sitting on the bed with my back against some pillows leaning on the headboard." she answered.

"On top of the covers or under them?" he continued.

"I have the sheet pulled up to my waist. The rest of the covers are on the floor," she said.

"Mmm, I like that picture. You're sitting on our bed, the worlds most beautiful breasts in plain view, your most precious treasure hidden by the sheets pulled up around your waist." he replied.

"Damn, have you got a way with words! Getting me started before we even get started! What about you? What are you doing?" she asked.

"I am now lying on the loveseat and speaking to you on the cordless. Now what was that about sharing fantasies?" he asked.

"Oh yeah! (laughs) I almost forgot. I want you to take a few moments and think up a good fantasy to share with me. It has to be something that we can fulfill if I like it," she said.

"Well, let's see. I got it! O.K., mine takes place in the White Mountains," he says after thinking for a few moments.

"Mmm, that sounds fun. Well mine takes place on that beach that we saw on our honeymoon. You know, the one we saw on Maui but never got the chance to go to?" she said.

"Oh yeah, the one we saw during the helicopter tour! Sounds like I'm going to enjoy yours as well. O.K., who goes first?" he asked.

"Why don't you go first. I'm kind of homesick and I want to hear about the mountains." she replied.

"Alright. It begins on a Saturday morning and we're spending the weekend at a friend’s cabin in the White Mountains. I get up early and pack a nice picnic lunch for us and put our packs together while I let you sleep in. When I'm finished I come back upstairs to the bedroom to wake you and find you've kicked the covers off. You're lying on your back, nude as always, with one arm above your head and the other on your breast. Your legs are apart and one is bent.

I decide to watch you sleep for a while before waking you. After a minute or so, you start to mumble in your sleep and it becomes apparent that you're dreaming about the night before. You begin to play with your breast with one hand and the other goes to your pussy. You start caressing your mound and lips, occasionally dipping a finger into your pussy. Soon I can't take any more and decide it's time to wake you so I take off my shorts and walk quietly over to the bed. I gently climb onto the bed between your legs and enter you. Your pussy is so wet that I enter you in one single motion. You're wet and hot inside. Your pussy feels like silk. You move your hand and now you're playing with both breasts. After a few strokes you open your eyes and look into mine. Neither of us says anything. I kiss you softly and you grab my ass and pull me deeper into you.

We fuck hard and fast for a few moments then slow down again. All the way in then all the way out, nice and slow. We move in unison. I lean back and you put your legs on my shoulders then I lean forward again and we resume our slow, steady pace. Then we gradually pick up the pace again and my cock is pounding your clit, your breathing gets rougher. Soon you take your legs off my shoulders and meet my thrusts. We build speed again until we can't pump or thrust any faster. Then you suddenly stop thrusting and lock your legs behind my back. You sink your nails into my ass and we cum together. It's heaven, it seems to last forever. I can feel your pussy squeezing my cock as I cum and cum and cum. We lay there for a few moments, relaxing. Then you begin to stir.

'Mmmm. Good morning.' you sigh in that sexy, content, after-sex voice of yours.

'Good morning to you.' I reply.

'Wanna join me in the shower?' you ask.

'You don't have to ask me twice!' I answer.

I go in and get the water started. Then you join me. I wash your body while you wash your hair. You return the favor. My cock gets hard again as you wash it. We kiss passionately as you slowly stroke my cock. I play with your pussy and soon we're both ready to go again. You turn around and lean on the wall and I enter you from behind. We make love slowly. Enjoying every stroke. I reach around and massage your breasts. You place a hand on mine and press harder against your breast. We continue this for a few moments then you pull away and turn around. You lean back against the wall and put one foot up on the edge of the tub. You reach out and take hold of my cock, pulling me toward you and inserting my cock into your pussy once more. We resume our slow, lazy pace. I kiss you as we begin to play with your breasts again. As I begin to tweak your nipples, the heat in your pussy grows. I can feel it in my cock. Then I notice that the hot water is running out. I decide that once of us will have to wait until later, so I pull out of your pussy and replace my cock with my tongue. I spread your pussy lips with my fingers and begin to lightly nibble and suck on your clit. Soon your breathing gets rough again and you begin to thrust your hips toward my face. I start licking your clit faster. You grab the back of my head and hold my face tight to your pussy. I can feel your body go tense and soon I can taste your cum on my face. You keep me in place until your orgasm subsides then you release me and put your leg back down on the floor. I stand up and we kiss once more.

Just then the water goes ice cold. We both yell and scramble to get out of the water. I reach back in to turn it off as you grab our towels. Your nipples are standing the tallest I've ever seen them. I bend down and take each one in my mouth until they are back to normal. My cock, on the other hand, is suffering a severe case of scared turtle syndrome."

"Hahaha!!" She burst out laughing on the other end of the line. "Scared turtle syndrome, huh? That's a good one! Keep going. I'm really, really getting into this." she said.

"You like it so far, huh?" he asked.

"Yeah, I really like it," she replied.

"How much do you like it?" he prodded.

"Well, let me put it this way. Right now my nipples are standing as tall as possible and my pussy is creating a wet spot on my sheet. I'm so horny right now that one pass of that tongue of yours and I would cum all over your face. How does that sound? She finished.

"Sound like I'm doing my job." he stops as he hears a noise from her. "What was that?" he asked.

"That was the sound of you playing with my pussy. Something you won't enjoy for quite a while if you don't continue your story soon." she threatened.

"What a coincidence! Did you know that you're playing with my rock solid cock right now?" he asked.

"Mmm, that feels good doesn't it?" she sighed into the phone.

"It sure does. Anyway, back to the story...

We get dressed. You're wearing those khaki hiking shorts that you know I love and a flannel shirt.

'God you look beautiful.' I say.

We kiss and go downstairs and eat a breakfast that we prepare together. Then we go sit by the lake and have a cup of coffee.

'So what's on the agenda for the day?' you ask.

'Well you have a choice between going out to an island on the other side of the lake or going to the mountains.' I answer.

'How long would it take us to get to the island?' you ask.

'It would be about an hour in the boat.' I say after thinking for a bit.

'Let's go to the mountains. What trail are we going to do?" you say.

'We're going to do a new one. I named it 'Pete's Secret' while I was working up here. I named it after the guy who showed me the true view at the top." I answer.

'Sounds good. Are you about ready?' you ask, ready to go.

'Let's load up and move out!' I declare.

We go back to the cabin and load the truck then we head out. We go to the trail. You've never been on this one so you're excited about it. We get out and grab the packs then we start out. About halfway up the trail, I take you off the path to a little clearing that overlooks part of the valley. We decide to have lunch there so we unpack and eat. We rest a little before moving on.

'Do we have much farther to go?' you ask as we near the top.

'Nope. The top is another half mile and the surprise is about 200 yards from the top.' I answer, as we keep moving.

It's starting to get hot. I've taken off my shirt, you've unbuttoned yours and you have it rolled up to just below your breasts and have it tied there, but it isn't doing you much good.

'Honey, is there someplace up ahead where I can change into a different shirt?' you ask.

We stop and I look down the trail behind us then I check the trail ahead of us to make sure nobody is coming.

'Why don't you just change right here? There's nobody behind us or ahead of us for at least 10 minutes so it's just you and I.' I suggest as I take off my pack and open it for you to take a different shirt out. You untie your shirt and take it off to reveal that you weren't wearing a bra. As you're bent over digging in the pack I take a closer look at your ass and realize you aren't wearing any panties either. It's a turn-on and my cock throbs.

'Going freestyle today, honey? What a turn-on!" I say as I caress your ass and slip my fingers between your legs.

'Down boy! Save it for the top. Do you think I could get away with this?' you ask as you stand up and pull out a mesh tanktop.

'Not without a bra. Don't get me wrong, I love it but I don't think it would be worth the $500 fine if a park ranger were to see you. What about your bikini top? Didn't you bring it?' I ask.

'Oh yeah. I forgot about that. Isn't that kind of skimpy, though?' you ask as you start digging in your pack.

'If it's allowed on a public beach, the park ranger has no grounds for a complaint. Besides, I like that just as much as I like the mesh top.' I answer, grinning.

'Here it is.' you say as you find it. You stand up and put it on. It's the top to a tan-through string bikini. The triangles of material are of a nearly sheer skin tone material and just barely cover your nipples, which are straining against the fabric. In the right light, it looks as though you're topless. You finish tying it just as a lady park ranger comes around the bend from above us. She doesn't even glance at us as she makes her way down the trail.

'Wow. That was close. Let's get going. I want to reach the top before the sun goes down so we can get camp set up before dark.' I say as I lift my pack.

'We're going to stay the night up here? Won't it get kind of cold?' you ask.

'Not in Pete's Secret.' I answer mysteriously.

'Why not?' you ask as we start hiking again.

'You'll see.' I answer and we leave it at that.

We continue on and after four hours finally reach the top. The trail ends at a scenic overview of the valley, not much better than the spot where we had lunch. You turn to me with an unpleasant look on your face.

'We hiked for four hours to get to this?' you exclaim.

'No. Follow me.' I say as I take your hand and lead you off the trail and through some dense brush. After 15 minutes we come to a vertical rock wall about 20 feet tall.

'Now what?' you ask sarcastically.

'Uh-oh. This wasn't here the last time I came up here!' I say dramatically, but you're not fooled. 'O.K. Now we go up. It's an easy climb until the last six feet. You go first and I'll help you over the top.' I say as you begin to climb. Once in a while your shorts gap just right and I can see your pussy. I catch up to you and put you on my shoulders so that you can reach the top and climb up. You're so busy watching me pull myself up that you don't notice the view until I point it out to you. I take you over to a portion of the ledge that is protected from the wind coming up the mountain. From this vantage point we can see the entire valley.

'Ah shoot. The sun is already going down. We'll just have to set up camp by firelight.' I say as I spread the blanket on the ground and pull you down beside me.

'What do you mean set up camp by firelight? Won't we get fined for the fire?' you ask.

'Not if the fire is in there.' I say as I turn you around and point to a huge cave behind us. 'Welcome to Pete's Secret. Neat huh? It provides total protection from the elements year around. Now watch the sunset.' I say.

We watch the sun go down quietly. Then you lay down and pull me down on top of you. We kiss, softly at first then more passionately. I untie your bikini as you unbutton my shorts. Soon we're both nude, lying on the blanket.

You reach down between us and take hold of my cock, gently squeezing and stroking it until it comes to life. We kiss passionately as I play with your nipples and massage your breasts. Then you pull away from the kiss and begin kissing your way down my body, leaving a trail of tiny little hickeys and bite marks from my neck to my cock. You take my cock in your mouth as you straddle my face and plant your pussy on my lips. I suck lightly on your clit and knead your ass while you suck my cock and jerk me off with your hand. I move from your clit to your vagina and tongue fuck you, occasionally flicking at your clit again with my tongue. Your teeth brush across the head of my cock as you come up for air. You move down my body once more, pressing your pussy into my chest and leaving a wet trail as you go. Soon you are facing away from me guiding my cock into you.

You rock slowly forward and back, left and right, doing a slow, sensual dance on my cock as I massage your ass. Then you lean forward and put your hands on my legs for support as you begin to bounce on my cock faster and faster until you can't do it anymore. You lay back onto my chest and put your feet flat on the ground. I reach around and play with your nipples. Soon your hips are moving again, round and round, up and down. Then you sit up and lean forward to start bouncing again. I put my hands under your ass for support. I knead and massage your ass as you pump and grind on my cock. I start to play with your asshole, massaging and loosening it up until I eventually get a finger inside. This sends you over the orgasmic edge. You shake your head back and forth and your body convulses on the charge surging through your body from your pussy outward. You lay back onto my chest as the orgasm subsides, and we just lay still for a while as my cock grows soft inside your pussy and slides out.

Then, as the sunset continues to paint the sky with its brilliant colors, you roll off of me and begin sucking my cock once more. It doesn't take long before I'm rock hard and ready to go. You grasp my cock and rub it all around your clit and pussy. 'Now it's time for your surprise, Big Boy.' you purr sensually as you take my cock and guide it to your assho..

"HOLD IT RIGHT THERE, BUB. You know as well as I do that that is one thing I will NOT do, not even in your wildest dreams." she interrupted suddenly.

"Ha ha ha. I didn't think you'd let that one through, but it was worth a shot. After all, it's a fantasy. It doesn't have to go exactly the way I put it now, does it?" he said.

"Well, you do have a point there. I'm sorry I reacted so strongly. Oh my God, look at the time! Oh Honey are you going to be late for work?" she asked.

"Nope. I called the crew before I went to bed. It rained all day yesterday so I told them not to come in until noon today. But I do think it's time for you to start with your story. You ready?" he answered, half truthfully.

"Where did I say I was going to take us?" she asked.

"I believe it was that beach on Hawaii." he answered.

"Oh, that's right. Well it begins...

With my getting up early to make you breakfast. We'd arrived late last night and decided that after a long trip like that; we should catch up on some sleep.

So I get out of bed around 10:00 that morning and put on a robe, tying it loosely at the waist. I go out to the kitchen and start working on breakfast. I have the radio going so I don't hear you get up. I finish up in the kitchen and turn the radio off. I hear the shower running. So I take the breakfast into the bedroom and take off my robe. I open the bathroom door and the steam pours out at me. I step into the bathroom and close the door.

'I was wondering if you were going to join me,' you say from somewhere other than the shower. 

'Oh shit! You startled me. Where are you?' I ask.

'By the sink. Over here.' you say.

'What are you doing?' I ask.

'I'm shaving.' you answer.

'Oh really? Let's see here...wow!' I say.

'I take it you like it,' you say.

'Oh yeah, I like it alright. I more than like it, it's a turn-on' I answer. You have turned your big, burly beard into an incredibly sexy goatee. It's trimmed short with a thin line at each corner of your mouth leading to the hair on your chin.

'It's a turn-on, huh?' you ask, surprised.

'Let me show you. Give me your hand.' I say. You dry it on a towel and give it to me. I take it and place it between my spread legs. Two of your fingers slide right into my cunt, which is quivering and dripping wet. 'How's that for turned on?' I ask you as I take your towel off and grab your cock.

'Why don't we continue this in the shower.' you suggest.

'That's a good idea. Follow me, stud.' I reply as I lead you to the shower by your cock.

I pull the shower door open and step in without releasing your cock, which is now rock solid and throbbing with a pulse of its own. You reach back and pull the door shut. We kiss as soon as you're facing me again. I continue to stroke your cock as you caress and massage my tits and ass. Soon I want more than your tongue and I push you back against the wall. I put my foot up on the edge of the tub and guide your cock into my hot, dripping pussy. I grab your ass and sink my nails in as I pull you closer to me, driving your cock deeper into me.

'Oh yeah, baby. Drive that cock! Shove it right through the roof of my cunt!' I exclaim. This makes you pump even faster and harder than you already were.

Soon I can feel the first stages of an orgasm in my belly. I pull away from you and turn my ass toward you.

'Come on, big boy. Give me some more of that cock!' I say as I grab your cock once more and guide you to my pocket of love. I bend over for deeper penetration, and put one hand on the edge of the tub while I play with my clit with the other. You reach around and begin to play with a nipple as your pace slows to a maddening crawl. All the way in then all the way out, steady and slow and driving me absolutely crazy with desire. Then, after a few strokes like that, you release my breast and grab onto my hips with both hands and begin to pound my pussy with all you've got. I hold back as long as I can, then I have to go with it. I squeeze your cock as hard as I can with my cunt as I flick my clit a few last times. Then it hits like a hurricane in my pussy. I feel your cock throbbing as it fills me with cum while my cunt goes into orgasmic convulsions. The orgasm hits me so hard I can't even scream out in joy. We slow down until we're just standing there under the hot spray of the shower, still joined as one. Soon your cock grows limp and slides out of my pussy, along with alot of cum. You turn around and put the drain down. We just lie in the tub as it fills with water.
