 Evan was lounging on the couch, in a towel, having just got out of the shower. Smelling good and looking fine, Evan was almost 6'1, black hair and startling green eyes. He worked out so he was very fit, tight stomach, and a butt to die for. He was very well endowed as the head of his thick, long cock peeked out from under the towel. The phone rang so he rose off the couch to pick it up. "One of these days, I gotta get with "the now" and get a cordless," he thought to himself.

"Hello," he purred into the phone. "Hi Honey," Jenny, his girlfriend of the week, murmured into the phone. "I'm on my lunch hour so I thought I would give you a call and see what you were doing right now?" He hated her whining voice but she was good in bed, so he'd keep her until something else grabbed his attention. "I just got out of the shower," as he rolled his eyes in disgust, having heard this story before. "Well, I'm bored, so talk to me," she demanded, like it was his job to amuse her.

He thought he heard his door open but didn't pay any attention; people were always coming and going at his place. Hearing a humming sound, he said, "What are you having for lunch?" he asked. Feeling the vibrator, sliding down his back suddenly. "Boring tuna salad," she whined. "Hmmmmmm," he murmured as he could feel the smoothness and coolness sliding up and down his spine.

"Linda has the day off so I am on my own today," she said still whining. " Mmmmmm, were is Linda?" Evan asked. a little breathlessly as he felt a hot tongue closely following the vibrator. "What are you doing Evan?" she said a little tensely. "Nothing!" he gasp. "Then why are you moaning like that?!" Jenny demanded. Feeling the vibrator sliding around his asshole as someone nibbled on one of his ass cheek and massaged the other.

"Ohhhhh, I just took a bite of my sandwich," he groaned as he felt the vibrator going into his ass while someone started licking his balls. Spreading his legs wider so they could get better access. Looking down all he could see was a mane of dark hair so he still didn't know who it was. "Eating a sandwich makes you groan like that?" she asked suspiciously. Feeling the speed being turned up he couldn't help but moan into the phone, "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm."

"You're not eating a sandwich!" she hollered. "Now who is there with you?"

"No one Baby, you know you are the only one for me, mmmmmmmmmm. I get so turned on just by hearing your voice..." 

She shoves the vibrator in deeper, while sucking hard on his balls. Twisting as she is sliding it in and out, finally leaving it in and turning it up on High.

She stands and comes up to face him, naked, smiling a little. She kisses him deeply, sucking his tongue into her mouth. Grasping his hard cock in her hand, she starts to pump his cock up and down hard and fast as she sucks on his tongue loudly. "OHHHHHHHH FUCKKK YEAHHHHHHHHH!"

"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING" Jenny screamed into the phone.

His new neighbor smiled and whispered, "Are you gunna tell her I made you cum?"

"Click"

"Hi, my name is Delia. I just moved in next door yesterday." Evan looks his new neighbor up and down. 

Short auburn hair. Luscious lips that made his cock twitch in his hand. Big tits that had him licking his lips.

This is one neighbor he is going to enjoy getting to know. Delia is far from his usual taste in women. Evan has always preferred long hair and long legs. Delia had to be about 5' 1" tall. "Hi, I'm Evan. I thought the custom was for the old neighbor to do the welcoming?" Evan said. Laughing, Delia replied, "I just couldn't wait any longer. Did you know that your bedroom shares a wall with mine? From the sounds I heard last night, I could tell that you wouldn't mind if I stopped by first."

"Well Delia, I enjoyed your greeting and would love to get to know you better. Why don't we sit down and get comfortable?" Evan asked, as he took Delia's hand and led her to the couch. Evan reaches out to touch Delia's small hard nipples, pinching them gently. "MMMM that feels good. But Evan, your phone is ringing."

"Hello." "Evannn, you hung up on me. I can not believe you did that to me!" Jenny whined into the phone "I'm sorry Baby, but there was someone at the door," Evan replied. Evan cups Delia's heavy tit, lowers his head, and licks the hard nipple. "OHHHHHHHH," Delia moans softly. "Well, aren't you going to tell me who was at the door?" Jenny asked. " Oh, it was just my new neighbor," Evan replied with a grin and continues to suck on Delia's other nipple. As Delia's moans got louder, Evan released the hard wet nipple from his mouth and turned Delia on her hands and knees. "What was that?" Jenny asked.

"I am getting ready to fuck my neighbor." Evan placed the phone down beside them and slammed his long thick hard cock deep into Delia's hot wet pussy. "OHHH YESSS FUCK ME," Delia screamed. Evan spread Delia's ass cheeks apart, watching his hard thick cock pumping in and out. "YEAHHHH YOUR PUSSY IS SOOO HOT"! Jenny listened intently to her boyfriend, pinching her nipples through her blouse. "FUCK YEAH, BABY, squeeze that hot pussy around my cock tighter, MMMMMMMMMM." Jenny moved her hand down to her lap. Rubbing her mound through her skirt.

Evan picks up the phone, all he could hear was heavy breathing. "Here, put this under you, close to your hot box."

"MMMMMMMM Hi, I'm Delia. I thought I would come over and get what I heard you getting last night. I hope you don’t mind." Delia placed the phone right on her hard clit, rubbing the phone back and forth as Evan pounded her pussy harder and faster. Jenny hears the sound of a wet pussy, pushed her skirt out of the way. Her panties were soaking wet. She bit down on her lower lip as she slide two fingers around and around her clit, feeling it get hard. The louder Delia's cries of passion got, the harder Jenny rubbed her clit. "FASTER, EVAN, FUCK ME OHHHHHH PLEEASEEEE!"

"MMMMMMMMMM, yes Evan fuck her hard and fast baby, for me, MMMMMMMMMMM" Jenny whispered, as she slams 3 fingers in and out of her wet hot pussy. OHHH FUCKK BABY, I'M CUMMINGGGG YEAHHHHHHHHH," Evan screamed. "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, YESSSSSSSSSSS," cried Delia. "MMMMMMMMMMMMMM," Jenny moaned, cumming hard. 

"Jenny, do you have though..."

"OH MY!!!"