 This story is a work of fiction. All of the characters and events are fictional. All characters portrayed in this story are over eighteen years of age. This story portrays graphic sex and masturbation. If you are in an area where reading this is illegal or you are offended by any of this then please stop reading now. 

*

They had met on the Internet a few months ago and the sexual connection was immediate. Both were hot for each other and they indulged a few times in Instant Message sex. That turned into phone sex and they would call each other two to three times a week. The sessions were always hot and left her full of spent ecstasy. He certainly knew how to push her buttons on the phone. Some women had their toy vibrators; she had her phone sex toy to help keep her satisfied.

It had been a long Wednesday workday, hump day. It seemed like it was one issue after another. It was 7 p.m. when she was finally able to drag herself out of the office. She let out a sigh as she slumped into her car seat. She thought for a moment and knew she needed something to pick her up. To take her mind off of the stress that had built up from the day. She reached for her cell phone and dialed his number.

"Hello?"

"I need you baby," is all she said when he answered.

"Where are you?" He asked.

"Just left work and am sitting in my car on the cell," she replied.

"Tough day, huh sweetie! Need some lovin' to perk you up?"

"Uh huh" was all she could muster in reply.

It was already starting to work. His deep sexy voice was such a turn on. She could feel her skin begin to tingle. It was an early fall evening. The weather was still warm enough to go without stockings under her knee length skirt. Her loose button up blouse covered the rest of her 24 year old, 5' 6" Eurasian slender frame. It had been almost a year and a half without a lover as her career had temporarily taken first priority. Her phone sex toy was her only outlet.

"Okay, then drive to Calaveras Park and park in the north lot facing the hillside. Call me when you get there and I'll take care of my lady," he said. She could hear the lust in his voice and it made her begin to moisten between her legs.

"Goody! This is just what I need!" She thought as she pulled the car out of the lot. She knew it was just a short 15-minute drive to the park he spoke of. She had told him on a phone call that this was one of her favorite places to go to unwind.

Now as she drove, she noticed the vibrations of the car as her pussy ground into her seat. She thought to herself that she must be getting extremely horny as she had never felt this before. It was a wonderful distraction from the stress of the earlier day and she rolled down the window and let the wind flow through her hair and kiss her sensual skin.

She drove into the park and found a fairly secluded spot. She kicked off her low-heeled pumps rubbing her tired feet. Then she reached up under her skirt and slipped off her panties to prepare for the call. She slipped in the hands free ear bud and dialed the phone. He answered on the first ring.

"Have you been thinking of me," he asked.

"Oh, yes," she replied huskily.

"I've been thinking of you. " He continued. "And my cock has grown very hard anticipating your call. See what you do to me, sexy?"

"I'm glad." She sighed, a shiver ran through her knowing that at least the fantasy of her turned him on.

His deep, sexy voice always turned her on as he continued to verbally relax her on the phone. "I can hear the stress in your voice. Let me take it away. Think of me caressing your shoulders, massaging gently with my fingers."

"Hhhmmmm..." She purred as she wrapped her own arms around herself, rubbing her shoulders. 

"I'm taking you naked into my arms and holding you tight, hugging you, then kissing your lips. I want to feel the stress leaving your body as you relax into my embrace."

"Boy, that would feel nice." She thought to herself, wishing for a moment she was really in his arms.

His sexy voice again coming out of the cell phone, "Now my hands are traveling down your back to gently caress your ass. I'm pulling you close so you can feel how turned on you have made me. Can you feel me hard against your belly?"

"Oh yes, I'm wrapping my fingers around your hardness and stroking it gently," she replied. Her hand stroked her car's stick shift as she imagined it was his hard cock. Her other hand undid the top two buttons on her blouse and reached inside to squeeze her growing breasts.

As if on cue, he continued his verbal ministrations, "My hands come up to cup your lovely breasts. My fingers gently pinching your nipples. The palms of my hands rubbing them in circles until they harden. Then I can take them in my mouth, my teeth gently biting your rosy buds."

She moaned again and pushed the button on her car to move her seat back to give her more room and then another to recline to a 45-degree angle. She nestled back into the seat, put her bare feet up on the dash and succumbed to the warm desires now flowing through her body. Her hands lifting her skirt as her fingernails lightly scratched the tops of her legs. 

"Take your hand and rub your pussy patch and pretend it's me," he said. She closed her eyes and obliged and he could hear the moan escape her mouth as she discovered how hot she already was. Her moisture was running down her slit and onto the car seat below. She slid two fingers up into her. She wanted a real cock there, his cock, but his sexy phone manipulations would have to do.

"Oh babe, you feel so good!" She exclaimed. "Come fuck me. I need you so bad. I want to feel you deep inside me!"

"Would you like to be fucking me now," he asked?

"Yes! Now!" Her voice was raspy with lust.

"Outside with the cool air caressing your skin? My body lying between your legs while you lay in the cool grass?"

"Yes" She replied as she pressed her hand harder against her clit which was warm with desire. He was filling her head with delightful images. She loved that about him as it wasn't just about the sex but the mood as well.

"I would be thrusting slowly in and out of your pussy, under the moonlight."

She felt a warmth deep in her groin begin to grow. She knew it was her orgasm beginning to rise. "Ohhh... god... yes! You feel so... uh... good... don't stop. Keep pumping. I want to feel you." She plunged her two fingers into herself more rapidly now as the warmth grew and started to take over her body.

"You do?" He asked.

"Yes!" She gasped, impatient at this question. She didn't want him to stop.

"Would you like to feel me for real?" Came another question from him.

Puzzled, she stopped rubbing her pussy for a moment. "What do you mean? Of course, I would." She said, again not sure where he was suddenly headed.

"Then turn on your headlights," he replied.

She suddenly opened her eyes, jarred from her sexual fantasy she felt her heart beat faster in anticipation. "Turn on her headlights? Why does he want me to do that?" Her thoughts were racing. It was just past dusk and being up near the hill she couldn't see very far out into the shadows. She reached for her headlights and turned them on. The headlights suddenly illuminated the small grove in front of her car. She smiled at what she saw. There he was before her, sitting on the grass on an open blanket. He was smiling at her with his cell phone to his ear. He had no shirt on and some loose sweat pants.

"Hi there babe!" She saw and heard him say as he leaned back and smiled. She could see a large bulge under his sweats. "I've been wanting you for real for a long time. Hang up and come here."

She couldn't believe it. She sat there for a moment taking in the site. He was as handsome as the picture he had sent her via email. He was in his late 20's and 5' 10" tall with a slender athletic build. He also had a well-defined chest coming down to an abdomen showing the beginning signs of a four-pack. He obviously liked to stay in shape. Her gaze traveled down to the bulge in his sweat pants trying to imagine the beautiful cock lying underneath. Then she remembered she was still on the phone. "If you want me, take off your pants." She said hungrily. 

She knew he couldn't see her with her headlights shining directly on him but still he stared directly at her as if they were spotlights and he was on a stage. He grinned and licked his lips and ran his free hand across his chest and down his torso. "Oohhh... nice..." she said to him over the phone.

He then put the phone down and paused with both his hands at the top of his pants. Slowly, he pushed down, revealing more skin. Then finally a dark patch of crotch hair exposed itself slightly. He then rolled facing the other way as he pushed his pants down further to reveal his tight buns. "What a sexy ass!" She said to herself as she had returned to playing with her pussy. She watched as he kicked off the pants and twisted to look back at the car, smiling at her. Then slowly he rolled onto his back revealing his magnificent cock. It was thick and about 6 inches long. His smile grew even more as he heard her gasp so loud he could hear it coming from the phone now lying next to him. His cock was pointing straight up to the sky like a monument, beckoning to be worshipped. He raised his hand and gave a come hither motion with his finger. 

She hung up the phone, turned off the headlights and quickly got out of the car. Her blouse was half un-tucked and unbuttoned. Her skirt was wrinkled from playing with herself and her long black hair was disheveled, but she didn't care. She left her shoes in the car and walked to him. The cool grass under her bare feet felt so sensuous. She wanted that feeling all over her body.

As she approached he knelt up and reached out his hand to her. Here he was, her phone sex toy in the flesh. She shuddered. The man who had brought her to so many climaxes with just his voice and his words was just an arms length away. Her eyes had adjusted to the dim light in the grove and it almost felt like a dream as he looked so sexy, naked in front of her, kneeling before her, reaching to her. Ready and willing to be her real play toy.

She reached back and touched him for the first time. As their fingers met, she immediately felt his warm against the cool evening air and that warmth seemed to travel from her fingers all the way to her breasts that ached to be touched. The desire building between her legs made her knees weaken so she knelt in front of him.

He moved in closer to meet her and pressed his body against her, drawing her to him with his strong arms. He held her for a moment, then asked. "Do you want this as much as I do?" His voice was raspy in anticipation.

She didn't answer and just brought her head towards his, tilting slightly, parting her lips, she kissed him, first softly and then hard. Her tongue found its way into his mouth and she pressed her body hard back against him. She felt his chest, his thighs his cock pushing back against her body.

He kissed her back, his arms embracing her. His lips tasting hers. His tongue dancing back against hers. His hands pulled her against him tighter and he smiled to himself as he heard her sigh and then felt her relax into his embrace for real.

She groaned softly as his hands ran down to her ass briefly, pulling her to him. She purred more as they then traveled up her body to cup her breasts. She leaned back slightly and his fingers took the opportunity to unbutton the rest of her blouse. She pulled it off and threw it into the darkness. He reached behind and undid the clasp, exposing her pert 34C breasts. She let the bra fall from her shoulders and tossed it too, somewhere into the night. Her nipples were already hard from all the excitement before and the cool air only enhanced that more. She closed her eyes and leaned into him as his fingers gently caress her nipples. It felt just like their phone calls, only now for real as they grew against his touch. Then he cupped them both and massaged them alternating softly then firmly.

His mouth traveled down to her neck, his tongue licking her skin making her skin tingle against the nght air. She was amazed at how it made her whole body feel alive.

Then he took one breast in his mouth and he caressed the other with his hand.

"Suck them harder," she said. He did and bit gently on the nipples. He smiled when he heard the same moan he had heard on the phone so many times. As he moved to suck on the other breast, her hands moved from caressing his chest down to his cock. It was already pulsing as she gently stroked it and she moistened even more, knowing that it would soon be filling her. 

She pushed him back, indicating she wanted him to lie on his back. Once he was there she kissed down his chest. He spread his legs as she traveled lower but was disappointed when she passed his cock as she licked his down his inner thighs. That disappointment was quickly forgotten when she traveled back up his thighs and licked the base of his balls. She could see a tremor run through his body. She then ran her tongue up and down the underside of his shaft. She heard his moans and this made her mouth water. She put both lips on the tip of his cock and pushed down so that his cock disappeared into her mouth.

"Ohhh... jeeez... that... feels... so ...uhh.. good.." He moaned. She loved the feel of him against the insides of her cheeks and she sucked him hard, then soft, then hard again. Then she ran her tongue all over his hard member, which caused it to twitch occasionally. Then she devoured him again, taking as much of him as she could, deep into her mouth. Oh, she loved worshipping his cock like this. She didn't want it to end. She could feel her own juices running down her thighs, she was so hot.

Sensing this he reached around and slid his hands up under her skirt, up the back of her legs to her butt. He smiled as he found no panties in the way. He rolled her onto her back, straddling her face he fed her his throbbing cock and he pulled her skirt up. His hands massaged her thighs and he ran his face into her now exposed bush hairs. She gasped as his tongue touch her outer lips flicking back and forth. Then he licked down one side of her cunt and up the other. Her moans muffled by the cock in her mouth.

Then she felt a shock jolt through her as he lay his tongue flat on her clit and massaged it. Then he moved it in slow circles as she pushed up against him. She was already so worked up from their previous phone interlude and she wanted to release soon. She then felt his fingers at her opening, spreading her wide. Her head went light as she felt his middle finger push inside. Once inside she felt him pull his finger up towards her pelvis and begin rubbing her special inside spot back and forth. She immediately felt her orgasm start to build. She loved that feeling. The warmth that started at her toes and spread up to her loins. At the same time, it made her breasts swell so sensitive and big.

It began getting stronger... stronger... then he stopped.

"No! Ohh!" She gasped letting go of his cock, her body twitching on the verge of release. She wanted him to continue, but when she opened her eyes he was already moving around to kneel between her legs. She watched as he guided his cock to her wet slit. And the warm feeling began to return as he soon as he ran the tip of his cock around her wet pussy, spreading the moisture. He played with her clit with his cock until she couldn't take it any more. She was pushing her hips up every time the tip came close to her hole. "Take me now, babe!" She groaned.

Sensing she was very close, he placed his cock at her entrance and slowly pushed. She could see the intense concentration in his face as he focused on her pleasure. "God, he is just as good as on the phone!" She thought to herself as she relaxed and let him slowly invade her.

It seemed to take forever to swallow all of him with her pussy. All she could feel was the hot skin of his cock entering her moist tunnel. It seemed to slide forever and this sent her over her first small orgasm. She let it take over her body and every wave seemed to cause her vagina to suck hard on his cock and pull him in even further. It wasn't huge but it was like no other orgasm she had felt before, each spasm followed by a feeling of being filled even further. Fuller. 

Finally, the tiny waves ended as his hips pushed against hers. She instinctively wrapped her legs around him and pulled him in, grinding her clit against him. He began grinding his hips in circles while his hand massaged her breast. Pulling gently at one nipple and then the other, sending shock waves down her body. His mouth was kissing her neck, her check and then her lips. Then he began to slowly pump in and out. She would feel a twinge of disappointment every time he pulled all the way out and she would gasp and grab his ass every time he would push back in. She squeezed on his cock with her pussy and this made the feeling of him against her inside walls all the more pleasurable. She loved how his cock would twitch inside of her as she squeezed and it made her hotter.

He sped up his thrusting and this caused her breathing and groaning to increase in intensity. The moans wouldn't stop coming from her throat. It grew louder as he put his hands under ass to help guide her rhythm to his strokes. She looked up at the stars and her eyes become fixed on the heavens as she started to get into the rhythm and felt the heat build again in her groin. She couldn't stop it building nor did she want too. All the frustrations of the earlier day had left her body, as they just seem to dissipate into stars.

She then turned to focus on his groans, which were now coming fast and sharp. She wrapped her hands on his ass and pulled him into her. Seeing how she now had the rhythm, his hand moved back up, one caressing her hair and the other grabbing her now fully hardened nipple.

"Ohhh, god it feels so good to be really inside you!" He continued to moan. "You're driving me crazy! I'm getting so close."

She reach her arms up and pulled his head down so it was buried in her neck. She turned and lustfully whispered in his ear. "Yes, baby! I want you so much. I've also wanted to feel you inside me for real. Come for me now. It's okay. I'm protected. Come deep inside me. I want to feel you! I'm.. almost... oh.. yes... there tta...toooo!!"

She grabbed the blanket with both hands and push up her hips, trying to draw him into her as far as he would go. Her hands, feet and shoulders seeming to be the only thing touching the ground. She felt her second orgasm of the night building up. It seem to run up from the cool ground, through her hands and feet, rushing to her nipples which were being caressed by his chest and her clit being hit every time he thrust deep into her. It kept building and building, as her breathing became more rapid and her moans louder. She seemed to ride on the crest forever with her orgasm just on the edge. Then she felt him spasm, heard him groan loudly into her shoulder and a warmth fill her deep inside. That was it. That was the final sensation she felt as she tensed, anticipating, knowing it wouldn't stop. A groan started low in her throat and got louder as finally she released. She grabbed him tightly with her arms, her body falling back into the blanket, her legs wrapping around him, her heels pulling him into her as the first spasm convulsed and crashed through her body.

"Oh, my god.. I'm cumming!" She yelled. "Oh... Uh.. uhh.. uuuhhhhhh!!"

The second wave came and it was shorter then the first but just as intense.

"Wow, baby... ohhh... yes!" Her sexual ramblings continuing. His cock was pulsing and twitching right to the same rhythm of her spasms. Each pulse and twitch would send another ripple through her body. They slowed but every 5 seconds or so it would ripple again.
