 As soon as they got to hotel they scrambled through reception, leaving Imogen to check in. 

They collapsed on the bed suddenly tired from the last few weeks as they had been flat out. John rolled over, swept Stephanie's hair over and behind her ear and leant in. 

"I really love you Stephanie and I want you to know, I really, truly, mean every word, when I tell you... you smell!"

"Pfft!" Stephanie pushed him playfully, "You smell worse, come shower with me, handsome."

John smiled, stood up and gave her a hand up off the bed. He began to lead her towards the shower, before cheekily spinning her towards the shower and pushing her backwards. 

"Shower woman, I'll help you dry" and swung the door to the shower closed.

As she felt her hands mechanically run over her body, rubbing the gel over her body, she could feel herself warming up. It felt good to be clean and warm but it was the touch she really missed and quickly finished the shower, eager to experience this drying she was promised. "I hope you're ready to dry every inch of me John. I am quite wet though, so it might take a lot of rubbing to do the job."

She decided to brush her teeth before coming out. " Do you think Imogen is ok? I felt bad leaving her down there, it looked like she was having trouble with her room."

She spat the toothpaste out and continued "I'm sure she'll be fine though, don't you think John? ... John?"

"Hello? I'm ready for my drying!"

She seductively padded out of the bathroom, to find an empty room. No John, but there were clothes neatly laid on the bed, with cards in front of them and a card on the floor in front of her. She picked it up: 

YOU ARE MY DIRTY LITTLE ELF.

I HAVE THE HIGHEST STANDARDS FOR MY DIRTY LITTLE ELF.

TO CONTINUE TO BE MY DIRTY LITTLE ELF YOU MUST MEET THIS STANDARD.

 

WHEN YOU ARE READY TO BE INSPECTED, MESSAGE ME.

The dirty little elf thing was a naughty name they had for her and could feel a rush of blood, thinking about what this inspection would be. 

She cast her eyes over the clothes on the bed, a lacey black bodice, with the word BODY in capitals on the card below. A matching lace cloth sat next to it, with the word EYES, and another beside that, a bag of rose petals, with an identical card below it, with the word BED. Her eyes came to rest finally on BLUE and PINK, the innocent names that had been given to a slim blue butt plug and a pink vibrator.

She dressed quickly and looked at herself in the mirror and smiled. Not long ago she would have seen flaws in her appearance but John had slowly made her feel better about herself. She fired a message over to John, *I'm ready master*. 

She wondered where to be when he came in. Sexy pose on the bed? Bent over with her arms resting on the desk and her bum facing the door? Both good choices, lets go with the bed, for comfort's sake. 

She lay on the bed legs open, hiked up the bodice a little and started lazily playing with her clit through the soft fabric of her silken black thong. John was taking a while to get here and she was feeling very horny and eyed the toys in the corner, tempted to start without him. 

Suddenly she was brought back to the room, the cold electronic sound of the door unlocking. John walked in but instead of the eager smile she expected, she was greeted by an indifferent stare, lacking any acknowledgement of her state of dress or arousal.  

"Stand there", John gestured to the floor in front of the desk. She was taken aback by the harsh tone but felt her body immediately comply.

He circled her like a predator and slowly traced a finger down her shoulder, then her arm and moved behind her. She felt a palpable tension, as she waited expectantly for the next touch. She felt his finger trace down the curve of her waist, then onto her hip. She shivered with tension before he reappeared in front of her, still with his damned impassive look. 

"You're going to stay absolutely still while I inspect you." He brought his hand to her breast and paused for a moment, before tracing a line at the neckline of her dress, following it round to her shoulder, before deftly slipping one strap off her shoulder, leaving her breast exposed. 

His finger followed the strap down, circling her breast and lightly teasing her nipple. 

She was still unused to his touch after their absence and this went to heighten the feeling. He disappeared behind her again and she felt him brush her hair back from her ear, lightly caressing the side of her face. Initially tense, she was beginning to relax again. 

Suddenly she jumped as he roughly grasped her ass. "I told you not to move!" His voice cut through the silence. "Place your hands on the desk." She complied quickly keen not to receive further punishment. 

With her bent over, he raised her dress up her lower back and delivered 3 short sharp spanks to her exposed ass. 

She loved playing with power, usually mostly verbal but to her surprise the spanks had a certain something for her. 

"Stand back up. If you move again the repercussions will be severe." Stephanie couldn't help but smile at this, only for John to cut through her smile.

"This is not a game. Do not move." The words were said without anger but they had a harsh quality. She felt a little surge of panic at them and resolved not to make the same mistake again.

From behind she felt him firmly grasp her ass again, then his hand roughly grabbed her exposed breast. 

She stood unmoving at this harsh treatment. He circled in front of her, his hand came up and grasped the mound of her womanhood. She stifled a reaction. She had been dying to feel his touch there but didn't want to make her second mistake. He pulled the fabric aside and she felt his finger slip into her but she stifled her squirm. 

John withdrew, turned around picked up PINK, her U shaped clit vibrator. He deftly slipped it in place, all the while keeping the remote exactly level.

He focused on her face, searching for any reaction, before flicking the remote vertically, driving the motor crazy and the same Stephanie, who couldn't resist squirming with pleasure. 

"Stand Still! You must be able to control yourself. Hands on the desk again." Stephanie complied quickly still writhing from the vibrator, as John hadn't stopped. She could hear him doing something behind her, then a cold feeling in her butt and the unmistakable feeling of BLUE, her butt plug. It was a new experiment for them and she was very much enjoying it. 

She slowly welcomed the second toy inside her, driven wild already by the first. Without delay, she felt the more familiar feeling of John's cock at her entrance, he slowly, achingly slowly pressed into her.

The sensation was overwhelming, she was so full, so hot from all the days of no contact and the foreplay and she could feel the waves of her climax come over her. As John fully entered her, she felt her legs start shaking and cried out as she came. 

In the post orgasmic waves, John lazily took a few strokes, until they ebbed and withdrew. "Stand up", John turned to face her, pants done up. "You've done well." He took her hand and laid her on her back, on the bed.

"Time for your reward." With her legs hanging over the side of the bed, he took PINK out and got on his knees before her. His hands took her ass and pulled it towards his mouth diving his mouth down to taste her. All the formality from before lost as he sucked and licked her clit eagerly, at the same time as an exploratory finger went back into her.

He loved the way she tasted, the texture and the feel of her lips as he took them in his mouth. He loved the tiny button of her clit and the way she shook and moaned when he played with it. She grabbed the sheets of the bed, writhing under this new sensation and felt another climax come over her.

John felt a sudden wave of wetness in his mouth and lapped up her cum eagerly. She writhed on the bed, lightheaded and sweaty from her second orgasm. John slowed and very lightly kissed her clit, before climbing up on the bed next to her and embracing her. 

"I told you I'd make you cum twice before I did." He laughed and as realisation crossed her face, it came with a scowl. "You tricked me!", Stephanie pushed him playfully. "Well now you mention it, you haven't cum yet and as your Dirty Little Elf it's my responsibility to make sure this happens." She said the 'Dirty Little Elf' part with pride.

She climbed onto John and easily lowered herself onto his still hard cock. He sat up towards her, took her body in his arms, folded his legs under him and looked into her eyes. "I love you Stephanie." They moved rhythmically this time, slowly and together, making love with every inch of skin touching. 

"Ah Stephanie! You feel so good! I'm close!" She suddenly rolled off him. "Where are you going?" John exclaimed. Stephanie confidently walked to the centre of the floor, where she had been standing before and then kneeled down.

"Would you cum on my face master?" John almost came just from her uttering those words and leapt across the room to stand by her. She gave his hard, throbbing cock an exploratory lick, tasting herself on him, before eagerly taking his whole dick in her mouth.

She sucked back and forth a few times, before withdrawing. She started using her hand and opened her mouth, expectantly awaiting the explosion from 2 weeks apart. She was still wearing the lace eye cover and as John shot cum all over her face, it was dripping from her head, from the mask, her cheeks, her lips and down her breasts. 

She licked her lips and smiled up at John, before wiping a little from her head and rubbed it into her pussy. John grinned back at her, pulled her up towards him and kissed her passionately. "You're the best sweetheart." 

They threw off the few clothes left on and climbed into bed. No sooner had Stephanie laid her head on John's shoulder, there was a knock on the door. 

John turned to her, "While I was downstairs I saw Imogen, she was still having issues with a room, turns out her booking before didn't go through and there's no rooms left now. I told her to let us know if we could help, it sounded like she was getting it sorted though."

Stephanie wrapped a towel around herself. "We should help her, she could crash with us and we've got a sofa." 

Stephanie went to the door, oblivious that she still had Johns cum on her hair, to greet Imogen. 

TO BE CONTINUED.