 "Are you sure you're new at this?" Lynn asked as she brushed her blond hair from her face.

"Yeah, it's only my third modeling job," Joaquim said.

"You're a natural! The way you respond to the camera with such minimal experience is amazing." 

Joaquim shrugged.

Lynn flattered him because he was good. And because he was new, and because he was hot. She'd been attracted to her male models before, but with Joaquim she had a feeling she could lose control.

She watched him move into different poses for her, and gazed at his flat, toned abs through the viewfinder. He wore a muscle shirt with sleeves cut off at the shoulders and midriff. His upper arms showed that he worked out. Joaquim's legs, too, were muscular. His cutoffs made it evident.

That wasn't all. He had olive skin, dark hair and eyes, high cheekbones, and the cutest dimples when he grinned. Too bad he was so much younger! At 29 he was half her age. 

"Excellent! You're doing so well at this, despite your lack of experience. You have the perfect look for the client."

That was the other thing Lynn had been concerned about earlier. She wondered if it was wise to hire such an inexperienced model for her client. Joaquim did so well in the test shoot that she decided to go with him. Joaquim was from Brazil and had a handsome, Mediterranean look to him. He did have the exact look her client wanted. 

Her camera continued to click as she shot away. She didn't have to give him much direction. Joaquim knew how to move, and was comfortable in his skin. He went with the flow, which was perfect. Damn, everything about him was perfect! 

There was a problem, though. Lynn wanted to see more of his body, but nudity hadn't been in the contract. Nor would it have been, for a commercial client. How could she get him to show more? Before she could do that, she had to decide what was appropriate. She couldn't risk losing him as a model in the future. Neither could she resist her desire to see more. The other problem was her husband. Hell, Jerry had shacked up with a redhead floozy on a business trip. Why couldn't she return the favor? Because she had scruples, that's why.

On a whim, she decided to lead the shots in a more erotic direction, and Joaquim went with it. He had no problem with responding to her direction to drag his hand from his throat to his crotch. It was when she asked Joaquim to spread his legs and stroke his crotch that he hesitated.

"Wait, I thought this was for a commercial client?" he asked.

"Yeah, but they want sexy. Push the boundaries, they said. Are you okay with dripping your sex appeal?"

"If that's what the client wants, I have no problem giving it to them," he replied. "Do they want more of a dudoir thing?"

"Yes, they do. Sorry if I didn't mention it. I hope you're okay with that."

"No problema," Joaquim said, and then gave her the shot she wanted.

Lynn felt the heat rush to her face, and hoped she wasn't turning red. 

She continued with other shots - framing his crotch with his hands, sitting on the bed in his boxer briefs, and more, including some from the rear. These accented his strong back and shoulders, as well as his butt. The poses were tasteful and artistic, but sexy as hell.

"Can you bend over for me?" she asked.

Joaquim smirked, and then bent over in his sexy, masculine way. How she resisted the temptation to walk over to him and feel his buns!

"Nice. Now, can you get on the floor and do a cobra pose? You know, lie on your stomach and lift yourself from your arms and hips?"

"Right, I know that pose. I do yoga as well as strength training and kickboxing," he said.

"I'm sure you do," Lynn responded.

Joaquim gave her an odd look as he lay on the floor. Then he went into the full pose.

Lynn forgot to click the shutter as she stared through the viewfinder. His upper arm strength and firm butt intoxicated her.

"Aren't you going to shoot it?" Joaquim asked after a moment.

"Oh. Right," she said as more blood rushed to her face.

She felt her nipples stiffen through her white top and bra. The camera shutter clicked repeatedly as she tried to overcome the awkward moment.

"Okay, release the pose and take off your shirt."

"Can you roll over onto your back and pull down one side of your shorts?" she asked once he'd done that.

The extent of his body tone became visible as he revealed his upper hip. He wasn't a Greek god, but damn, how her eyes popped!

"Can you pull them down just enough to show your bush?" 

"Bush" wasn't the appropriate term for a guy, but it slipped out. But he did as she asked. To her surprise his pubic area was shaved smooth!

"Great. Now unbutton and unzip your shorts."

Oh, my god, he wasn't wearing underwear! And he was all hers! Scratch that, this was a professional shoot. 

Lynn tried to regain mental composure. The shutter began to click again, but Lynn felt on auto-pilot. She could hear the legs of her leather pants squeaking together as she shot.

"Slip your hand into your shorts for me," Lynn said.

Fuck, why did she say "for me?" That made it sound like they were beyond the bounds of the shoot, which they were. Whether Joaquim knew it or not, he didn't let on. He continued to respond to her direction.

He slipped his hand inside his shorts. She continued to click away as a large bulge began to form inside his shorts. Soon it was clear that Mr. Medeiros had a sizable cock. She stopped shooting and stared, her mouth hanging open. 

"Do you want to see more?" he asked.

Lynn stood dumbstruck. How did he know?

"Yes. Please," she said, not thinking.

Joaquim lifted his hips off the floor and slid the shorts down his hips. His cock jumped out as if spring-loaded. It was a beautiful tan color, with brown balls, and his entire crotch was hairless. She gasped, which made him give her a light smile.

"They tell me I'm blessed," he said.

Lynn nodded in agreement, eyeing his package like it was an expensive diamond.

Joaquim began to stroke himself.

"You don't mind if I do this, do you?" he asked.

Lynn shook her head no. She could only stare as he played with his dick. Deciding he might like something to look at, she unbuttoned the top few buttons on her shirt. Picking up her camera, she couldn't help sliding her left hand between her legs. Finding a good spot, she rubbed herself through her leather pants. Doing so, she caught a glimpse of the ring on her left hand, but thought nothing of it. 

She felt herself getting wet as she rubbed. Lynn felt herself dangerously close to giving in to the lust building inside her.

"Come on, baby. You know you want to," Joaquim said. "I see that ring on your finger. Hubby doesn't have to know, does he? Everyone does it, you can too."

No, not everyone does it, she argued with herself. But she felt her will falter. Will-power wasn't enough for restraint in some situations. She knew this. It took constitutional backbone, moral integrity. Lynn thought she had this quality, instilled in her from a young age. 

This was supposed to be a normal shoot! What had she done? Any sense of decorum and propriety were now out the window. 

"Come on, baby. Show me how bad you want it," Joaquim said again.

Lynn's willpower may as well have snapped with a sound like a twig breaking. Desire burned hot within her. She put down her camera and rubbed her crotch hard. 

"Oh, yeah, baby, you look so fucking hot. Stick your hand down your pants and show me how nasty you can get," he said.

How had the model turned into the director? That wasn't supposed to happen! But his words had their desired effect. Lynn unbuttoned her tight leather pants and shoved her hand down them. She found her clit and moaned. A finger found its way to her slit and slipped inside effortlessly. The heat in Lynn's crotch was so hot she felt desperate for cock. She watched him watching her and couldn't take any more. 

Lynn eased her pants down her sleek thighs along with her thong. Joaquim let out a low whistle as he eyed her hungrily. It made her feel desirable, something she hadn't felt in years. She pulled her shirt over her head, not bothering to unbutton it the rest of the way. Then she approached Joaquim like a lioness about to make the final, lethal pounce. 

Lynn got on the bed with him and swallowed his cock in one gulp. Joaquim groaned hotly.

"Fuck, baby! You have experience with big dicks? You must've had some practice!"

It was true. In her college years, Lynn had been renowned for her oral abilities. She had a reputation among the black students as the only white girl who could deep-throat Big Dug. Naturally, she'd had practice before that. She practiced on an extra large dildo, slowly plying her throat with more of its length. That way she'd be sure to out-blow the other coeds. Jerry had been impressed too, although he wasn't as hung as those few guys. But now Jerry was screwing a young redhead with fake tits, and their marriage was almost sexless.

In the studio lighting, Lynn had a clear view of each delicious detail of Joaquim's cock. The tan shaft glistened with her spit on the upstrokes, making the veins appear darker than they were. Every wrinkle was so vivid, she swore she could see the pores on his shaft.

She closed her eyes and took him deep, enjoying the feeling but needing to focus on relaxing. 

"Damn, you're good, baby!" Joaquim said. "You're a good photographer but you missed your calling!"

His comment made her feel good, let her know that she still had it. She worked on his dick hard and fast, thrusting her warm mouth down the shaft like a woman possessed. Joaquin lay his head back and groaned. Lynn wanted to feel his cock plunging into her cunt.

She released his cock, got up, and bent over the sofa with her ass up and legs spread.

"Fuck me," she told her Brazilian lover.

Joaquim got into position behind her and felt her pussy to see how wet it was.

"Oh, fuck, you're ready. Like a fucking river."

She felt the small tip of his long cock push at her fuck hole, and then slide his length into her in one stroke.

"Oohh," Lynn moaned as she felt him enter her.

He put his hands on her hips and began to pump back and forth. The action made Lynns juices seep around his shaft at her entrance. 

The introduction made, Joaquim began to pound her hard. Lynn felt her body jiggle with each thrust. Her hips shook with the pounding, and her boobs mashed into the sofa. 

Lynn put her head back, and her blonde hair fell in her face. She watched her hands clench at the sofa as he rammed her. The sounds of their union resounded in the small room. Hip against hip. Piston pumping its way through her wet orifice. 

Grunts escaped her mouth with each meeting of their hips, but Joaquim was silent. His focus and stamina were something else! Another man would have blown his load by now, but he kept going, giving her a fucking like she hadn't had in years. His hips seemed to be on ball bearings. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. In and out. Like a machine. 

Damn it, she was getting tired! Her knees were getting a good rug burn, and her tits felt sore from mashing against the sofa. Behind her, Joaquim pumped away.

Without warning, Joaquim pulled out. He must have jerked himself off, because a few seconds later he roared out loud.

Hot cum spewed onto Lynn's ass, landing in globs and streaks. Some of it squirted right on her asshole. She moaned at the intensity of his release.

"Oh! So much cum!" she cried out.

When it was over, Joaquim sat still for a minute. Then he got up and got dressed.

"So do you have the rest of my payment?" he asked.

That was when the absurdity of what had just transpired occurred to her. Suddenly she felt cheap, like having just paid him for sex.

"Just a minute, I'll get it."

Lynn got up wearily, and walked toward where her handbag sat on a side table. Cum dripped down her hips, thighs, and butt crack. She took out a package of tissues and wiped herself thoroughly. Then she took out the rest of the payment the client had given her. She handed the envelope to Joaquim.

"Thanks, Lynn," he said, taking it. "You were real good. Maybe we can do this again sometime. Damn, I feel like I got paid twice! Have a good one."

Lynn locked and shut the hotel room door, and then sat on the bed. The sex had been great, but at what cost to her self-respect, her marriage? Fuck, her marriage had devolved into one of convenience. She'd never leave Jerry, she did actually love him. 

But maybe, justmaybe, there was some young guy out there who could satisfy her on the side. Maybe with Jerry's approval. Someone who treated her with respect, and not like a female John. 

Maybe. She smiled at the possibility.