 I slide the key card into the door and it opens with a metallic click. We step into the room as I start to loosen my tie. I am dressed in tan slacks with a blue shirt and matching tie, that is now draped over the overstuffed easy chair in the corner of the room.

"I enjoyed dinner. Thank you."

"Your welcome. Now let's see what kind of fabulous forty year old you are." I step towards you and encircle your waist in my arms. My mouth finds yours and I softly kiss you. You start to press yourself into my kiss but I pull my head away.

"Please," you whisper.

I smile. "Please?"

"Please give me what I want."

I kiss you hard and explore every crevice of your mouth with my tongue while caressing your back through your clothes. We remain in a delicious kiss for several minutes before I unzip your dress. It falls to your ankles. You step out of the dress and now stand in front of me in your lacy black bra, matching thigh cut panties and high heels. Smiling, you unbutton and unzip my slacks. "I am a very fabulous forty. Thank you."

You kneel in front of me and slide your hand inside the elastic of my underwear. With the tips of your fingers you rub my cockhead and smile up at me with promises. My breath quickens as you lower your mouth around my cock. You slide down my shaft and back up. Taking my entire length into your mouth. I gaze down and see your beautiful red hair slowly swaying in rhythm with your mouth. I feel myself getting harder at the sight of my cock sliding in and out of your mouth. Seeing you kneeling in front of me sucking my cock is almost too much for me to take and I start to groan. Your pace quickens as my hips buck into your mouth. You slow your sucking and try to pull your mouth from my cock, but I grab your head and hold it there. I start to fuck your mouth, pounding my cock harder and faster into your willing and waiting mouth.

"Oh shit. I'm cumming!! Oh god. Oh god. Swallow me. Swallow all of me, Becca."

"Mmmmm." You lock your lips around my cock and suck and suck and suck. I shoot a heavy load of cum into your mouth. More and more cum still shoots into your mouth and you swallow all of it. "Mmmm. That was good." You look up at my smiling with unfocused eyes. Clearly you are still enraptured with swallowing my cum. "More. I need more. Fuck me, Gary. Fuck me hard. Now!!"

I bend you over and lean you on the bed. You stand there straight legged with your elbows resting on the mattress. Your ass covered by those fucking sexy panties. I look over your body, laying there. Tiny waist blooming into broad shoulders. Red hair cascading down your back. I smack your ass hard and you moan at the surprise and shock of my strength. "Yes. Hit me again." I slide your panties off your ass, down to your bent knees. I slip my tongue into your wet and engorged pussy. You immediately start to shudder and cum over my mouth. I don't stop licking your pussy. My tongue gently tickles your lips and flicks at your clit, which is fully visible and unhooded. I take your clit between my teeth and suck hard on it. It is a deep dark red and erect as a tiny cock. Flicking my tongue over your clit I feel you buck. "Oh god, fuck me dammit."

"You want my cock," I playfully ask.

"Yes. Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Fill me with your cock."

"In your ass?"

"My pussy. Please. Fuck my pussy."

I stand and position my cockhead at your pussy. I slowly start to enter you. You moan as my cock slowly goes deep into your pussy until I am buried to my balls. I hold my position, grinding my cock in circles against you. "Is this what you want?"

"Yeeesss. Please fuck me."

"Slow or hard," I whisper.

"Hard. Fuck me hard."

I start to pump my cock into you hard and fast. You moan and whimper in delight as I piston my cock into your warm, inviting pussy. Over and over and over. My cock slams your pussy. "Oh god. God. Yesss," you cry into the mattress. I feel you starting to tense and begin another orgasm. I pull out of your pussy. "Please, I wanna cum. God, please let me cum." you plead.

"I want to fuck your ass."

"Please."

"May I fuck you in the ass?"

"No. Please let me cum."

I start to rub your wet pussy. You moan and press against my hand, "Please ..."

"May I fuck you in the ass?" I slip a finger lightly into your pussy and rub your inner lips gently. "You want to cum, don't you?" I whisper.

"God, yes. I want to cum. Please let me cum."

I start to pump my fingers lightly in and out of your pussy while my cockhead presses against your anus.

"Your ass?"

"Please make me cum."

I remove my finger from your pussy. "I can make you cum so hard, let me fuck your ass," I whisper. I trace slow circles around your pussy and push my cockhead into your anus.

"Ahhh... Don't .. no.

"I will make you cum so hard," I coo and press my palm against your pussy.

"Okay, but please make me cum."

I slowly push my cock into your tight asshole. Pressing my girth into you. "Damn you're so tight. It feels so good."

"ahhh.. slow, please go slow. It feels so good."

I slip my fingers into your pussy and finger fuck you while my cock fucks your ass. The sensations of my fingers in your pussy, my cock in your ass is driving you wild. You scream with pleasure and grind your ass and pussy forcibly against me. "Oh god. God. Oh I'm cumming. Oh shit I'm cumming."

My cock feels your pussy spasm against my fingers. The feelings of my cock buried in your ass and your pussy cumming on my fingers is too much. I start to pump my cum in your ass, enjoying the tightness against my throbbing cock.

"Oh thank you," you whisper. "That was wonderful."

"Oh, I'm not done yet. I am still hard and want to fuck you again."

I can tell by the look in your eyes you think I kidding. Until you see my still hard cock. I roll you over on your back and position my cock by your moist, wet and swollen pussy. I roughly enter you. I pump you with abandon. You lift your legs and wrap them around me to give me better entry to your pussy. "Oh god. Yes. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me."

I pump in and out of you. Over and over again. My cock burying itself to my balls in your pussy.

"Oh god. Oh god, Gary. I gonna cum again. Oh shit. I don't believe .. ahhh ... I'm cumming. Oh god, yes. Yes. Yes." You buck wildly against my hips and start to scratch my back. I continue to fuck you hard and fast. "You love when I fuck you, don't you. You love my cock in you. In your mouth. In your pussy. In you ass. Don't you?

"Yes!! Oh god, yes. Fuck me."

"Oh I going to cum. I want to cum over your face.

"Yes, cum on my face. Cover me in your cum. Give me a cumbath."

I pull out of your pussy and place my cock over your mouth. "Suck me 'til I come."

I press my cock into your mouth and your lips part to accept me. You start to suck me cock. Hungrily.

"Oh god. Yes, keep sucking. Yes." I feel myself cumming and pull out of your mouth. Spraying your mouth, face and hair with my cum.

I lean over and kiss you gently on you cum covered lips, "Happy Birthday, love."