 In an attempt to satisfy all the demands of the numerous beautiful women on the Internet, and to attract them to chat with me, I decided to get some decent-looking nude pictures of myself. I figured taking self portraits would not do, especially with my photographic skills. In consideration of how to go about this, I decided the photographer and friend I had would not be a good idea since, well, he knows all my other friends. I headed for the few     Internet places I knew about and gave them call. 

At first I was kind of shy, but by the second and third phone call I just blurted out, "I need some nude pictures of myself for the Internet." 

I explained that I would like to get a nude portfolio in place, and prefer a female photographer. After some pointing and re-directing, I was able to get this booked. It was apparently going to cost me $323.00, so I set an appointment. 

I am sure you can imagine my state of nervousness on the eve of my shoot. I rang the bell. A man and woman opened the door. The man was kind of smallish but pure muscle. I informed them that I was there for my photo shoot. They invited me in and we chatted a bit. The woman's name was Irene. The man's name was Jo and I deduced that he was house security. That was an ideal job for him since he looked like some kind of Bruce Lee on steroids. He said he would be next door if he was needed as Irene pointed me to the business at hand. I was starting to relax, however the absolute beauty of this goddess named Irene was not helping. I had imagined somebody older and not so attractive taking the pictures. 

She pointed me to the chair and asked me to take off my shirt. This was easier than I thought but I was still a bit tense. I think Irene sensed this, so she directed me in posing to help me feel more comfortable. Next, she asked me to drop my pants. 

Looking at me with obvious interest she said, "You want some nudes, right?" 

I smiled and shook my head and stripped to my red boxers. Irene used her soft, sensual hands to pose my body. Every once in a while she would encourage me in her sexy and soothing voice which was very arrousing, to say the least. 

She finally asked me to take off my boxers. I could see that she was clearly impressed with my half erection as she checked it out and commented that it was very nice. 

"Let's get some butt shots." she eagerly suggested. 

Before I knew what was happening, she was petting my hard shaft and softly rubbing my back. I am sure you can imagine that I was very relaxed by now. I looked inquisitively into her eyes to see what she had on her mind. 

She shrugged and said, "Well, we want you to be a bit excited in the pictures, don't we?" 

All I could stammer was, "Yes." 

As the night went on and she continued to pose my hard body, I could feel her soft breasts and body touching mine. 

She must have decided that I needed to be fully erect because her next question was, "Shall I help a little?" 

I moaned, "PLEASE!" 

I could barely conceal my excitement. She reached for my exposed cock and gently started touching it with her soft fingers. I could tell that she had skills in this area as it immediately jumped to its full eight inches. With eyes of passion, I watched her sexy body as she stepped from one side to the next snapping pictures. Her words seemed so proffesional yet she was obviously impressed with my body as she added things like, "That is very nice." and "This one is going to look great." 

In an attempt to get my attention, (as if this was needed), she seductively runs her hands from her lips to her breasts and snaps a picture. I am in complete disbelief as she tells me to get on all fours and begins to massage my back and throbbing shaft a few times. She has my cock harder than it has ever been as she snaps more pictures. I feel as if I am in a trance every time she speaks to me with her soft voice. Before I know what is happening, I am on my back with my dick begging for attention. I feel something wet and hot touching the head of my cock as if right on cue. I look down and can not believe my eyes as they view Irene licking it. 

She looks directly into my eyes and says, "I love large, wide ones like yours, I hope you don't mind." 

I can barely utter, "No, umm, not at all." 

Not to disappoint me, she pulls off her shirt to reveal the most perfectly erect nipples I have ever seen. The breath-taking tits I viewed were the exact compliment to her pretty, green eyes and long, blonde hair. She stands before me in her half-naked state and continues to snap more pictures. After a few more close-ups she finishes her last film and says, "Ok David, that's it, I am sure you will love the pictures." I just lay there in shock of the happenings of the past hour, my body shivering with arousal. 

She looks at me and before I can say a word, she says, "Oh, one more thing, the pictures will be ready in a few days and you can pick them up at the office. Is there anything else I can help you with?" I blush in disbelief of my next words as I whisper, "Would you finish me please?" 

I am shocked as she exclaims, "I thought you would never ask. This is not part of the shoot." 

She began to disrobe, revealing red, satin panties. 

"This is just because I want to see how it fits." I gasp at the sight of her nicely trimmed pussy. She licks my hard cock and slides on a condom. As usual, it was a tight fit. She played with my tight, muscular chest as she slowly lowered her hot, wet pussy onto my waiting cock. I layed back and enjoyed every second of her taking me in every so slowly. I gasped her name as she developed a rhythm, slow, deep strokes. As she quickened her pace taking me in deeper and deeper inside her, I helped myself to a handful of her beautiful breasts and played with them, slowly pinching and teasing each nipple. As she expertly took me for the ride of my life she continued to change the rhythm from fast to slow, then fast again. I could feel her orgasm near, as I tried to control myself, her pussy throbbed and clenched my cock with each contraction. She moaned her appoach of cumming as she looked into my dark, brown eyes. 

She screamed,"Yes, David, yes, I'm cumming all over your cock!" She clenched my body with her hands as we climaxed in unison. She continued to clench my cock on and on, moaning and screaming long after I finished. I watched in amazement at this creature of beauty in full climax above me. 

After a long rest, we both gathered our things and got dressed. She handed me her address and phone number and confessed that she would like to continue this tonight but her next appointment was about to arrive. I can hardly await the continuation.........