 Authors Note: This is part of a series and is built on characters and settings from previous chapters.

*

The morning after returning from the wedding reception I still felt hung over, and surprisingly horny given the amount of sex I'd had Saturday night and Sunday morning. To a large extent, much of it felt more like a dream world than reality, but at the same time even thinking about either Tina or Amanda's bodies had my cock growing. I was pretty sure that if I went into the shop feeling like this, I was going to end up fucking Tina's brains out, and that was something that I thought I might need to avoid, at least for a day or two.

She sounded quite disappointed when I called in and told her that I wasn't going to be in. I could easily work on the shots taken at the wedding from home, and I knew there wasn't anything on the schedule for today.

After a quick and chilly trip to the car in just my PJ pants, I hauled my gear into the house and pulled the camera cards from the bags, including the one Tina had shot at the reception with the Cannon. I plugged that one into the reader first, interested to see what she had captured.

Much of the beginning of the card was pretty normal stuff, people dancing, the DJ working his station, random pictures of the reception room, including an interesting one of the dated disco ball over the dance floor. As the shots progressed I noticed a distinct change in the dancers. While most of the crowd had gone by that time, I was still surprised at how blatant many of the couples were in their...dancing. Several women had their partners hands up their shirts or dresses, and in exchange seemed to have hands down pants. It wasn't until a series of shots of the bride taking off her dress that things really started to get hot. Before long there were any number of couples half dressed, and a few completely undressed, on the dance floor. It was pretty obvious that a few were outright fucking on the dance floor as they danced.

Between the images of the sexy women being undressed and the memory of Amanda, my cock was standing erect to the point of demanding attention. I was just about to put on a porn video and stroke myself to relief when the doorbell rang.

"Damn." I muttered to myself as I got up and headed to the front door. I opened the door to find Donna, my next door neighbor, standing on the stoop with her coat pulled tight around herself.

"Hi Scott," she said cheerfully.

"Hey Donna. What's up?" 

"Well, would you believe I locked myself out again?"

"How did you do that?" I asked, rolling my eyes. This was at least the third time in the last month that she had done that, and she had yet to hide a key outside someplace.

"I just ran out to the mailbox to drop a bill in for the mailman to pick up. When I came back the door had closed behind me," she said with a pained look. "I'm really sorry, but could you help me out again?"

The last time she had locked herself out I learned that I could jimmy her bedroom window open and get in that way, saving her from having to get a lock smith to open the door for her. "Yeah, sure. Come on in," I said, holding the door open for her.

"Thanks! It's freezing out there," she said, as she stepped in.

"Yeah. Well, you got a coat on at least," I said, following her into the living room after closing the door.

"Not much more than that," she said with a shake of her head.

"Oh? Running around half dressed?" I asked with a wicked smile.

"I guess that depends on what half you're talking about," she said jokingly. Over the years we had teased each other a bit, verbally, and on a few occasions I had caught her sunning herself topless in her back yard. There were few places for anyone to see into her yard past the tops of the pines that lined the outside of the security fence, but somehow she managed to find just the right spot that allowed me to see her from my bedroom window. I had often wondered, since she came back to the same spot over and over again, if she were picking that particular sunny spot deliberately. She had small breasts with nice little puffy nipples that seemed to become engorged every time she put more tanning lotion on. If she hadn't been married I might have been tempted to do more than just enjoy the view she afforded me.

"Well, let's see, there's a top half and a bottom half. What other halves are there?"

"Well.... I got slippers on...and a hat. Is that half?" she asked with a giggle.

"Donna. If you're naked under that coat I'm going to refuse to get you into your house until you take it off and show me," I joked.

"Ohhh Scott. You wouldn't do that! You're way too nice for that kind of blackmail," she answered with a smile.

"I see. So you are naked under it?"

"For me to know and you to find out," she said, sticking her cute little nose in the air mockingly.

"Hmmmmmm. Well then, I guess you can just hang around here until your husband comes home," I joked, dropping onto the sofa and putting my feet on the coffee table while I looked over at her.

She turned around to face me and froze. It took me several seconds to follow her gaze to see what she was staring at, realizing that it was my hard cock which, having slipped out of the fly of my pajama pants, was sticking in the air completely naked. "Damn," she whispered as she stared at it.

"Oh. Sorry," I said quickly, trying to tuck it back into my pants.

"Don't be sorry on my account," she said, taking a small step toward me before stopping again. For a moment I thought she was going to step right over and grab hold of it, but then thought better of the idea. "Looks like something has you...um... you know." 

"Horny as hell?" I finished for her. It was really against all better judgment. In fact, it was poor judgment altogether. I'm not completely sure why I was even thinking about it let alone doing it. Instead of tucking it into my pants, I lifted my ass slightly off the sofa and pushed the PJ pants down my ass, sliding them down my thighs. The action slid the material along my now bent over hard on until it slipped free of the opening in the front, flipping up and slapping loudly against my bare stomach, leaving me naked from about my knees up and my exposed cock poking into the air, bouncing slightly with each beat of my heart.

"Wow," she mouthed, her cheeks turning bright pink as she blushed, but her eyes never leaving my hard cock.

"Well. Now I'm half naked too. So wanna open your coat and show me?" I coaxed.

"Um. I'm not really naked under here." She answered quietly. "I was just teasing." 

"Oh. Oops." I said, moving to pull my pants back up and feeling a bit like an idiot.

"Oh No...don't. I mean, you don't have to..." She said quickly as I started sliding them up. "I mean it's your house. You can wear or not wear whatever you want."

It was clear she wanted me to leave my pants down, but at the same time a bit embarrassed that I had so easily pulled them down. "So... does it look like you expected?"

"Like I expected?"

"Uh huh. All those times you laid out topless with your fingers playing with your pussy through your bottoms." I said, feeling a bit bolder again.

"You saw?"

"Wasn't I supposed to?" I asked.

"Maybe," she whispered, her eyes darting between my face and my hard on.

"You did want me to see, didn't you?" 

"Maybe," she whispered back again.

With a chuckle, I stood up, my pajama pants sliding down my legs. I stepped out of them, leaving them on the floor and took the two steps to stand in front of her. I reached out and gently coaxed her knee length winter coat apart and pushed it off her arms, revealing that she was indeed not naked under it. She looked up at me anxiously as she wiggled her arms enough to let it slide off, leaving her in slippers, a tiny knit hat, a very tiny pair of pink shorts and a pink tube top. "No, I guess you aren't naked," I said quietly.

"Uh uh."

"But you did show me your breasts from your back yard on purpose, didn't you?"

"Uh huh," she answered with a little sigh. "At least I hoped you'd see."

"How come?"

"I guess I was laying out there fantasizing about you coming over and making love to me and it had me so turned on that the next time I did the same thing...and the time after and...well it just got to be such a turn-on thinking that you might be standing there watching. I can't tell you how many times I climaxed out there thinking about you watching me."

"Really?" I asked, reaching out toward her pink tube top. I hooked a finger in the front of the material, finding it a bit soggy as I gently tugged it out and down, slowly exposing her small perky breasts. She didn't lift a finger to stop me as I drew it down farther and farther, stopping only when it was around her waist, her body naked from there up. 

"Uh huh," she finally answered breathlessly.

"Have you ever thought about taking the bottoms off too?" I whispered.

"Uh huh," she said, closing her eyes and waiting for me to do whatever I was doing next. I knelt down in front of her and pulled the wet elastic from around her waist, slowly peeling the soggy shorts down over her hips.

"Someone must have been working out." 

"Uh huh," she practically moaned as I worked the material farther and farther down, revealing a tiny white thong panty. The material of her shorts finally slipped down her thighs and she lifted first one and then the other of her feet to step out of them. She stood statue straight, as I reached for the tube top and pulled it down as well, sliding it down until that too she stepped out of.

"Mmmmmm. Such a sexy little body. Did you like feeling your fingers inside yourself? What did you fantasize it was, my fingers or my cock?"

"Both," she breathed softly, her whole body quivering as I slowly tugged the strings down over her hips allowing the tiny thong panty to roll down in front and expose all of her completely shaved mound. I tugged gently to coax the strings down her thighs and then pulled it to the ground. She lifted one foot and then the other, exposing her soft feathery pussy lips to me in the process.

I stood back up in front of her, her eyes finally opening and looking up into mine.

With a grin I reached for her hips and turned her around, pushing her backwards until she was pressed back against the arm of the sofa. I continued to push until she had no choice but to lean back against it, her hips levering up to stick in the air as her head went lower to lay on the cushions. She stared at me, her heart pounding in her chest and her breathing ragged as I gently spread her legs wide, leaving her bare exposed pussy pointing up in the air at me.

"Did you ever think I'd be looking at you like this?" I asked her in a whisper.

"Not in real life," she whispered back.

"I see," I said as I knelt down between her legs turning my head to softly kiss one firm creamy white thigh.

"Ohhhhhh god," she moaned as I began kissing my way closer to her pussy, kissing each inch of thigh as I worked ever closer to her soft lips. I could smell her arousal as I licked and kissed up her soft thigh. "UHHHH!" she moaned again as I blew across her wet lips before reaching my tongue out for her and gently licking up the length of her pussy, my tongue gently spreading the tips of her lips and letting me taste her aroused juices.

"Hmmmm good," I cooed before pressing my tongue between her lips deeper, feeling it press into the entrance to her tunnel before I drew it along her slit, splitting her lips wide until my tongue finally bounced across her hard clit.

"Oh jeez," she gasped as my tongue flicked across her clit several times.

"You like that?" I whispered before repeating the trip, her juices tangy and sharp on my tongue.

"Uh huh. God yes," she moaned. "I dreamed of you making love to me, but I had no idea that this could feel so good."

"No one ever licked you like this?" I asked before pressing my tongue deep into her, using it like a little cock to fuck her tunnel entrance.

"Not like this," she moaned.

"I see," I answered, standing up between her legs and bending over to gently lick her clit. I slipped one finger deep into her tunnel, eliciting a soft moan as my finger penetrated her. I curled it up inside her, feeling for her tunnel roof and gently stroking along it until I felt her jump. With a grin to myself I began flicking my tongue across her clit, stimulating it directly while my finger rubbed over and over across that point I had just found.

"oh god oh god oh god" she moaned over and over as I worked her soft pussy.

I lost track of how long I had rubbed and licked her pussy, her whole body writhing and wiggling under my constant barrage of attention.

"OH FUCK OH FUCK I'M GOING TO CUM!" she cried loudly as her legs, sticking high in the air of each side of me, began to tremble. "OHHHHHHH SHIT!" she gasped as her whole body jerked and trembled, her juices leaking from her pussy and leaking down my hand and her ass, slowly making a huge wet spot on the arm of the sofa. I continued my assault of her clit, slowly easing back and slowing down as her body eased its shaking and then finally stopped.

"That looked like it felt good," I said as I wiped her juices on my arm.

"Oh god yes. You're awful good at that," she said as she held her hands out for me to pull her up.

I grabbed her hands and pulled her up until she was sitting on the arm of the sofa, my cock pressed between us as she wrapped her legs around mine and pulled me against her.

"Now. What do you suppose we should do about this?" she asked, reaching between us and stroking my rock hard cock.

"I know what I'd like to do with it," I answered her.

"Let me guess," she said with a giggle, trying to push it down enough to get it to her pussy. "You're gonna have to squat down a little or something."

I bent my knees and felt her rub the head on her lips before pulling herself closer to the edge, only the back of her ass still on the arm. I felt my head engage into her entrance and then reflexively pushed, driving my cock quickly into her tunnel, nearly two inches still sticking out of her with my head against the end of her tunnel.

"ohhhhhhhh fuck yes," she moaned as she reached for my neck and held on, arching her back and leaning back as far as her arms would allow. "Oh god. Fuck me. Fuck me hard!"

"Uh huh," I grunted as I started sliding in and out of her pussy. I'd lived next to her for almost four years and had thought of doing this on more than one occasion. It was almost hard to believe that I was doing it now.

"God yes. That's it! Fuck me baby! Fuck me hard. Drive that fat hard cock into my little pussy! Ohhhh god that feels good. Damn what a fucking cock! Mmmmmmm it fills me so good. Going in and out. Oh god yes. Hmmm I can feel it all the way through my body. That hot cock fucking me. God I think you're going to make me cum again. Do you want me to cum on your fat cock? Do you? Oh god yes. Fill me with your beautiful fuck juice! God yes I'm going to cum. Ohhh oh oh OH OH!" she cried, in a constant stream of crying and moaning, her little tits bouncing wildly with each new stroke. 

I could feel my cock swelling as I got ready to unload into her. "Ohhhh god here it comes!" I grunted to her as my balls started to tingle.

"That's it baby!" she gasped. "Give it to me!

"Uh huh," I grunted again as my body jerked and spewed a hot gush of my cum into her pussy. 

"YES YES YES YES!" she screamed loudly, her own body going into spasms as my cock spurted another gush into her. 

Time and again my body jerked and spasmed, each one adding to the load I had already deposited into her pussy. Finally my cock withered in her as I stood panting and sweating, her legs pulling me against her pussy.

"Damn can you fuck," she panted, her chest heaving heavily as she sat on the arm of the sofa, her arms and legs encircling me to hold herself up.

"Well, you did have a little part in it too," I panted back.

"You know...I may have to get locked out a lot more often," she said with a giggle, hugging herself tightly to me and squeezing her tits and still hard nipples against me.

"Yeah, about that. I guess we better go get you into your house," I said as my softening cock slipped from her sopping pussy, unleashing a flood of cum that dripped off the arm of the sofa onto the floor.

"I'm not in a hurry." she answered, still holding me tight.

"Well, in that case," I said, reaching down to grab under her ass. I lifted her off the sofa arm and carried her petite form, still wrapped around me, toward the bathroom.

"Where are you taking me?" she squealed as she held onto me.

"To the shower. I think we both need one, don't we?"

"Ohhhhh now I like that idea. Yeah I could use a shower."

I made it to the bathroom, just barely, before I had to set her down. After running the water we both stepped into the shower and spent the next half hour carefully washing every inch of each other, and of course teasing each other any way we could think of before the water finally turned cold.

"So, now I have to get you into the house?" I asked as we toweled off.

"Yes. If you don't mind," she said, slipping her arms around me again, her short wet hair still dripping water down her back.

"Sure, just let me get dressed." 

"Why would you do that?" she asked with a giggle. "I won't if you don't!"

"Well I do have to crawl through a window," I said with a wry look on my face.

"There is that. It'd be a shame to hurt this little...or big, guy," she said, reaching between us and giving my partly hard cock a squeeze.

"Yeah, not high on my list," I agreed.

She finally released me and I dressed in a pair of sweat pants, pulled on a pair of day hikers and then pulled out a t-shirt. Donna stood there completely naked, waiting until I was done before walking ahead of me back to the living room where she pulled on her coat, hat and slippers, picking her sweaty workout clothes and panties up off the floor. "All set," she said brightly.

"Ok, let's do it!" I said as I pulled a coat on and led the way out the back door and onto my deck. After the hot shower the outdoor chill was quite unpleasant, but not nearly as unpleasant as trying to wiggle my way through a window that was nearly as high as my shoulders. I flopped unceremoniously onto the bed and then rolled off onto the floor. I picked myself up and looked around briefly before pushing the window closed. One thing that caught my eye was a small telescope sitting in the corner. As I headed toward the door I realized that her bedroom curtain on the other window, the one facing my house, was held part way open with a metal binder clip, creating a gap in the curtain nearly as wide as the diameter of the telescope. "Ohhhhh I see," I said to myself, realizing that from her window she could see my bedroom window or my back yard.

I walked to the back door and unlocked it, letting her in.

"Thanks! It's chilly out there!" she said as she stepped in and dropped her clothes on the floor.

"Yeah. A bit, I see you got a new telescope. Been watching the stars?" I asked her.

"Ohhhh....oops," she said, her cheeks turning crimson with blush. "Just a little something to keep me busy while Robert's gone."

"I guess so," I said with a chuckle. Well, if you'd let me know when you're looking maybe you'd get a bit more of a show." 

"Ohhh I'd be too embarrassed to do that," she said shyly.

"As opposed to laying in the yard half naked pretending that it's me instead of your own fingers?"

"Ohhhh...well, maybe," she said with a short sigh. "Thanks for letting me in."

"You're welcome. Come on over any time you need," I said as I headed for the door. 

I walked back to my house shaking my head. I had no idea that my sexy little neighbor had been trying to check me out all this time. Maybe I was going to have to spice it up with her a little bit down the road. "Oh well. That's something to dwell on another time," I thought to myself as I ducked into my house and out of the cold.