  Authors Note: This is part of a series and is built on characters and settings from previous chapters. 

*

It was mid morning before Sonny dropped me off at the house, driving off to go pick up plumbing parts at the building supply store after I had gotten out. It was a pretty chilly trot from where she dropped me off to the house, especially since I was making it wearing nothing but my boots on my bare feet and a long trench coat she loaned me so I wasn't completely naked. 

The night before sunny had been adamant that neither of us needed any clothes, so all of mine remained in a pile upstairs with hers. This morning she seemed a bit embarrassed by that decision and gave me a coat to wear until I could retrieve my clothes. It wasn't until we pulled in the long driveway and saw the two panel vans parked in the drive that she thought about the fact that the house might not be empty. In fact it appeared to be far from empty.

I made my way up the stairs as quietly as I could, hearing a number of female voices in the kitchen area. My first thought, given the location, was that it was the crew of electricians.

Getting to the top of the stairs unseen emboldened me and I quickly shucked my boots and coat and started to grab my clothes to pull them on. In retrospect it was probably not a good idea to stand in the middle of a room that had only open stud walls to try and dress. I was still standing and untangling my underwear when I heard the voice behind me. "Hey Marion! I found the owner of those pants!" 

I spun around in surprise and saw a tall medium built black woman standing on the stairs, leaning against an open wall of studs, watching me. She wasn't thin by any stretch of the imagination, and the relatively dirty t-shirt she wore was quite amply filled out.

"Oh yeah?" another voice called from down the stairs. "You find a pack rat or something up there Joyce?"

"Not unless they come in a six foot version with a pretty hot looking body!" The lady at the top of the stairs called back. It was only seconds before two more sets of feet came running up the stairs, leaving me time to do little besides grab the coat off the floor and use it to cover my privates before two heads popped up the stair well. The first was a tall thin red haired woman wearing a pair of carpenters coveralls with a short cut-off red t-shirt under it, leaving a fair amount of skin exposed around her sides. The woman that followed was a slightly huskier blond woman whose blond hair was up in a pony tail sticking out the back of a ball cap, and a long florescent orange t-shirt that seemed to be covering a pair of holie jeans after draping off a fairly large and significantly protruding chest.

"Damn Joyce. You did, didn't you?" the blond said as she stared at me.

"No shit Jeanie. You think I'd lie about a naked man?" the black lady said with a smile. 

The thin redhead climbed the last two stairs and then slowly walked toward me, surveying me up and down as she made her way around. "Pretty hunky too. Now I know what Sunny was doing here last night. Damn! So tell me hot stuff. What are you doing up here naked? Just looking for a hot fuck or something?"

"Uhhh Well, actually I own this place," I answered, a bit irritated at the comments I was getting.

"Oh shit!" Joyce said, turning on her heel and quickly disappearing down the stairs with Jeanie following close behind.

"Um. I'm sorry. I'm Marion," the redhead said, holding her hand out a little nervously. "We didn't mean anything by it, just weren't expecting to see a naked guy up here, if you know what I mean."

I shook her hand with my free hand, and had to laugh at myself. Here I was standing naked, with nothing but a shirt covering my cock and I could feel myself getting a hard on from just shaking her hand. What was wrong with me? I asked myself as I let go of her hand. She stepped back and instead of leaving like the other two ladies had, she leaned against the frame of the doorway. 

"Uh can I have a little privacy?" I asked hopefully.

"Actually, no. I've known Sunny for most of my life, and to be blunt, there haven't been even half a dozen guys that she's let into her pants. I'd kind of like to see what was so special about you that she felt the need to swing back to a real cock. I mean are you hung like a horse or what?"

"Um. Nothing special that I know of," I answered, wrinkling my forehead while I tried to think of some reasonably dignified way out of this.

"Really?" she asked in surprise, pushing off the frame and slowly walking toward me. She bent over and pulled Sunny's t-shirt from the night before off the floor, followed by the tiny panties she had been wearing. "I've never known her to mess with anyone on a job site, but to get naked and leave her clothes here? No...Nothing special just isn't going to cut it." She dropped the shirt and panties, then reached out for the coat that I was holding in front of me, grabbed the sleeve, and gently began tugging it, trying to encourage me to let go of it, which I was not about to do. "Come on. How about a look see?"

"I don't think so," I answered, still holding onto the coat over my half hard cock.

"Well then. Maybe we need to try this another way," she said as she started to step around me. She held onto the coat until she was behind me, her arm now wrapped around me. I could feel the cold buckle of her tool belt pressing against my ass as she slid her other arm round me, her hand flat against my bare stomach. I held my breath as she slid her hand down, sneaking it between the coat and my body until her fingers teased across my cock. "Mmmmmm now we're getting some place," she whispered into my ear as she leaned herself tighter against my back.

"I don't think this is a good idea. I mean it's not like we're alone," I protested lamely as her fingers wrapped around my quickly hardening shaft.

"That's ok. They can join me if they want," she whispered as she began stroking me slowly under the coat. We stood that way for several long minutes before I inexplicably released the coat and allowed her to pull it away, her hand now more easily sliding the length of my hard shaft. "Ohhh that is a nice cock. Much better now that I can feel the whole thing. Nice and fat and long," she whispered as she started sliding around me again. She stepped carefully around me until she was standing in front of me, both hands on my cock. "Now that it's all nice and hard what shall we do with it? Hmmmm?"

While I answered "I guess that's up to you" as she stood in front of me, part of my brain asked me what the fuck I was doing. Those thoughts seemed to be quickly pushed away as she played gently with my cock. 

"Well, I'm pretty sure that there are other ways for me to stroke this that would be much more enjoyable, aren't there?" she asked, removing one hand from my cock, but holding on with the other as if it would disappear if she let go. Her free hand undid the buckle of her tool belt, which thumped loudly onto the floor. It had no sooner hit the floor and she was undoing the two shoulder straps of the coverall type jeans, allowing them to slide down off her thin hips, exposing a pair of small blue bikini panties. She stuck a thumb in the waistband of the panties and eagerly wiggled her ass as she worked them down to her thighs, exposing a curly mat of reddish brown hair.

"Now let's see if this feels a bit more interesting," she said a bit breathlessly as she stepped her hips closer to mine, pushing my cock down toward her pussy. I was surprised how wet her pussy was as she pushed her hips forward, banging her thighs into mine as she slid her wet lips along the top of my rock hard shaft. "Ohhhh yes so much better," she half moaned as she held onto my hips and began to slowly stroke herself back and forth along my shaft, rubbing her clit along the length of me.

I grabbed hold of her t-shirt and pulled up, making her lift her arms briefly while I pulled the shirt off of her, leaving her completely nude from the knees up. The freckles spotted on her face and neck continued down her creamy white chest and flowed over her two small breasts, each one cone shaped with a rigid nipple centered in the midst of a bright pink puckered areola. I tossed the shirt aside and reached for her tits, easily cupping both small soft mounds in my hands, squeezing them between my palm and fingers and pulling on her nipples.

"Oh fuck. You're pretty damn good with those hands," she moaned softly.

"Oh? Well, just wait then," I answered, stepping back and pulling my cock from between her legs. I turned her around and bend her at the waist, aligning my cock with her exposed pussy lips. I pushed forward gently, pressing my head between her lips while I worked it up and down slightly to engage it into her tunnel opening. I felt my mushroom head engage into her and then gripped her hips, using them as handles to pull her back toward me. Ever so slowly her tunnel expanded, slowly enveloping me as I pulled her onto my shaft. I had gotten about half way into her before my only partially lubricated cock grabbed at her lips. Using short little strokes I quickly worked my cock in and out of her pussy, getting more and more of her juices coating my cock and spread on her lips, allowing me to work deeper and deeper into her until my hips pressed against her bare ass.

"Ohhhhh fuck," she moaned softly, reaching out to hold onto the closest two by four to keep from falling over. With my cock fully buried inside her, I reached around her, cupping one tit with a hand and sliding my other between her legs. She stood back up part way, using the two by four as leverage to start bouncing her ass against me, working my cock in and out of her wet tunnel a few short inches with each stroke. 

I let my fingers dive between her lips and seek out her hard clit, her lips letting out a soft squeak the first time I stroked across it. "So you want me to make you cum?" I asked her softly, gently stroking my finger across her clit while she bounced herself on and off my cock, her strokes growing more urgent with each passing second.

"Oh god yes," she moaned to me, "Please."

"If that's what you want," I answered her, working my finger up and down across her clit in time with the strokes she was making on my cock, my other hand squeezing and pulling at her tiny tit.

"Ohhhh...Oh yeah....Oh shit," she started whimpering as I started stroking in time with her, driving my cock its full length into her with each combined stroke and my hips smacking against her bare ass.

"Marion, you still up here?" Joyce, the black woman called, as she climbed the stairs. "Oh shit you are!" she said as she stood at the top of the stairs, staring at Marion's front as I continued to stroke into her, banging her hard enough to make her whole body shake with each stroke.

"Fuck yes! Fuck yes! Ohhhhhh God yes. OH shit yes," Marion mumbled over and over as I continued fucking her, my finger never stopping between her legs and my other hand continuing to squeeze and kneed her small tit.

"Jesus Marion!" Joyce said, clearly not sure if she should continue up the stairs or retreat back down. She took one step down, paused and came up two steps, her eyes never wavering from the sight in front of her. It only took a few moments before one of her own hands was moving up and unconsciously squeezing one of her large breasts through the layers of cloth that obviously contained them.

"UH fuck yes. Ohhh God yes. Fuck me. Fuck yes keep fucking me! Almost there....Ohhhhhhh fuck so close!" Marion squeaked as I stroked in and out of her, determined to hold her right at the edge of her climax as long as I could. I slowed my finger between her legs, drawing a cry of complaint from her. "Nooooooooo Make me cum! Oh god make me cum please!"

"You want me to?" I asked from behind her, my hips slapping into her ass with each stroke.

"Oh god yes! Fuck I'm so close! God what a fucking tease you are!" she moaned.

Movement over by the stairs caught my attention, and I looked over to see Joyce pulling her shirt and sports bra up over her large chest. Her hands cupped both her big tits, her skin the color of lightly stained wood, but her areola deep brown and puckered around two hard protruding nipples. I watched her play with her big tits which hung well down her chest in the shape of two large teardrops, the areola covering almost all of the front of each one, her nipples pointed slightly upward when her hands weren't lifting and cupping them. She quickly undid the belt holding her ponderous tool belt on and set it on the floor by the top of the stairs and leaned back against the open stud wall as she undid the front of her pants enough to snake a hand inside.

"Ohhhhh god you fucking tease! Make me cum! Oh please make me cum!" Marion begged as I watched Joyce, my cock still plunging in and out of the skinny redhead.

"Oh shit," I groaned as I watched Joyce's pants slip down as she stared at us, one hand lifting her tit to her own lips, and her other hand plunging between her legs. I could see her dark black curls on her mound each time she pushed her hand deeper between her legs her fingers obviously dipping deep into her tunnel. Distracted by Joyce's motions I stroked Marion faster, matching my own strokes once again sliding my finger up and down the length of her slit, dragging it over her clit in time with my plunges into her. 

"OHHHHHH FUCK YES!" Marion squealed as her climax washed over her, her whole body trembling and shaking as I continued to pound into her. "UH FUCK! GOD YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSS!" she squealed, her voice cracking and breaking into a long cry of pleasure before practically collapsing in front of me. I lowered her to her hands and knees, my cock sliding from her sopping pussy with a loud slurp.

"Oh shit!" Joyce mumbled, her fingers working in and out of her pussy inside her pants, which were hanging more and more off her body the longer she stood there.

I walked the several feet over toward her, my rock hard cock wagging back and forth, Marion's juices dripping from my balls. I stepped down onto the step next to her and gently pushed her back against the edge of the stairs so she had to sit on the floor, on the edge of the hole that opened in the floor for the stairs. I leaned her back a little and untied her shoes, tossing them over my shoulder before jerking her pants the rest of the way down and off her legs. She rested back on her elbows, her whole body now nude except for her short little socks and her shirt and bra pushed up over the top of her huge tits. I stepped half a step up and between her legs, aiming my cock at her nearly black pussy lips as she raised her legs high in the air. It was an unusual sight for me to see my pinkish cock disappearing into her dark pussy, but any thought of that quickly evaporated when I started sliding in and out of her pussy, each impact of my hips against her large round ass making her tits roll and jiggle on her chest.

"OH sweet Jesus yes!" she gasped as I pounded into her, my cock seeming to grow fatter by the second as I got closer to climax. One thing I love is the sight of a big pair of tits wiggling around or swinging wildly, and Joyce had a pair of very large tits that were doing just exactly what I love to see.

"Oh shit. I'm going to cum," I grunted as felt my cum starting to make the trip up my shaft.

"Ohhhh Give it to me! Give me your cock!" Joyce begged, reaching down for my cock and trying to pull it out of her pussy. As I pulled back she pulled up and my thrust forward slid the bottom side of my cock along her exposed clit, making her jump as if she had been jolted with a bolt of electricity. "Again...Do that again!" She pleaded, pressing my cock down against her pussy.

I pulled back and then pushed forward again, smashing my tightened balls against her wet pussy, my cock sliding along her clit once again. I pulled back one more time before my body jerked convulsively, shoving my cock along her clit again, the first huge stream of cum lancing out the tip of my head and splashing on her tits and belly. For what seemed like an hour my body jerked and twitched, spurting shot after shot of hot white cream all over her, her own fingers finishing the job my cock had been doing so recently. 

"AHHHHHHH FUCK YES!" ,he screamed as her whole body trembled and shook under the attack of her own fingers.

"Damn!" I panted, leaning against her, my arms holding her around her legs, which stuck up in the air obscenely. She rested one leg on either side of my head while she slowly rubbed the pools of cum into her heaving chest like lotion.

"God that felt good." Joyce said breathlessly. "Now I know why Marion was up here so long."

"Yeah. It did get carried away a bit didn't it?" Marion said from across the room where she was dressing herself. "What happened to Jeanie?"

"She is going to be so pissed. She had to run to Lowes and get a few more switch boxes." Joyce said, sliding her legs off my shoulders and trying to sit up. 

"Well, maybe you can convince him to hang around a bit longer and fuck her brains out. I mean damn...It was well worth it to me!" Marion said with a laugh.

"So what, I'm just supposed to hang around and get passed around?" I asked as I climbed the stairs and walked over to my clothes. "This has gotten way out of hand."

"I'm sorry. Honest. I didn't mean for any of this to happen. I just kind of really got turned on when I saw you and well...... Hell it was good!" Marion said, stepping over to me. She took my hands, pulling the underwear from them and then leaned closer to me, giving me a soft kiss on the lips. "I really am sorry," she whispered after breaking the seconds long kiss. "I can get a little aggressive some times, but I almost never really let a guy fuck me."

"Fuck Marion. You're the biggest cock tease there is! I've seen you leave guys practically on their knees begging you to finish them off and you not doing any more than letting them see your little cunny," Joyce said as she dressed by the stairs.

"I guess I was the lucky one then," I whispered back.

"Both of us I think. Now, let me help you, ok?" She said, squatting down and holding out my underwear. I stepped into them and she leaned toward me, giving my softened cock a kiss before covering it. Before I was fully dressed, Joyce came over, her shirt pulled back in place and her pants back on. 

"You know...that wasn't something I usually do, but if you get lonely and need a little pussy action, just give me a call. I'm sure we can find someplace quiet to play."

"I'll remember that," I said.

"Not without my number," she said with a wink, reaching for my hand. She used a fine point marker to write a phone number on my palm. With that done, and her tool belt in her hand, she disappeared down the stairs once again.

"Well. This isn't exactly what I expected to do at work today," Marian said as she buckled the straps of the coveralls.

"Yeah. Me either."

"So. I'm not going to be in trouble with Sunny, am I?" she asked, looking questioningly at me.

"To be honest. I'm kind of embarrassed this happened. I don't exactly know what got into me, today or last night. So as far as I'm concerned...no I'm not telling her."

"Good," she said softly. "Now if you want to do more, there's at least one cock in this town I will fuck." 

"I take it you don't do a lot?"

"Actually, there was a time I played pretty hard. But a guy screwed me over pretty badly and since then I guess I spend my time teasing them and leaving them hanging, just like he did to me. Not a very nice thing to do though is it?"

"Not for the guy, no."

"Well. Maybe someday I'll find a guy that's worth more than that. For now, me and my ladies will just keep each other happy." She grinned before she spun on her foot and headed across the room carrying her tool belt.
