 Alyson looked at her watch. Damn 4:30 she thought, I am never going to get a photo today. She dashed into the camera shop praying there was someone there who could do a passport photo.

"Hi," she smiled brightly at the young girl behind the counter. "Is it too late in the day to get a passport photo done? I'm in a bit of a jam."

"Oh, yes. No problem. We are here for another half hour. Only takes five minutes."

She led Alyson around the counter to the processing lab at the back of the shop. 

"Shane, this lady needs a passport photo done."

A voice answered from behind a wall.

"Yeah, sure. Let me set up the camera. There's a mirror there if you want to fix your hair."

Pulling a brush out of her purse Alyson tamed her flame-red mane, and, took a second to powder her nose. "Minimal make up," the form had said. Fine by her.

"Ready?"

Alyson turned around and came face to face with a man who was easily the most beautiful she had ever laid eyes on. He stood maybe 5'9" or 5'10" but his presence filled the space. He had broad shoulders and a swimmer build. His skin was the colour of coffee with good cream. He kept his head shaven and wore a neat goatee, but it was his eyes that mesmerized her. They were a luminous brown, the exact colour of cognac, serious but with a hint of mischief. 

"By far his best feature," she thought

"I am. Where would you like me?" Alyson turned around.

"In my bed." was Shane's immediate thought, but no show of emotion betrayed him. He appraised her quickly. She was a beautiful girl. Long red hair flowed down her back. Her eyes were that impossible shade that hovered between blue and green depending on her mood. Her lips were full and inviting as she smiled at him. She stood 5'4" and though she was heavier than the average woman, she carried it well, with curves in all the right places - ample hips, round breasts, and an ass that could make a man lose his religion.

"See the X on the floor?" Shane pointed. "Stand there, back straight, look right into the lens, and no smiling, please."

Alyson looked seriously into the lens and waited for the flash. There was none.

"Bugger."

"Is there a problem?" Alyson asked.

"My flash died," Shane sighed. "I'm afraid I don't have a replacement here, either. I won't be able to take your picture today."

"That is a bugger. I needed that for tomorrow morning." Alyson ran her hand through her hair. "Do you have any idea where I could get one done, at this hour?"

"Well... if you can wait until we close at five, I have another passport camera at my studio a couple of blocks away. I could do it for you there." He slid a business card out of his wallet and handed it to her. "The address is there."

She thought about it for a minute and realized she didn't have much choice. "Are you sure? That sounds like a lot of trouble for you."

"Oh, no trouble. I was going there, anyway. Go get yourself a coffee and I will meet you there."

Alyson got into her car, drove the couple of blocks over and parked outside the building. Not long after five, she spotted Shane approaching the building. She opened her car door and got out. 

"Oh, hey. You showed up," he smiled. "C'mon in."

Alyson followed Shane inside. It was a plain room but the photos on the wall were magnificent. "Your work?" Alyson asked.

"Yep. Best advertisement for a studio, right? I'll just be a second." Shane disappeared through another door. He returned quickly with another passport camera in hand.

"Right through here, I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name," Shane smiled up at her, as he fiddled with the camera.

"Oh, err, Alyson, And you are Shane." Alyson held up the business card.

"Clever girl. Okay, if you could stand over there, this will just take a few minutes."

Alyson stood in front of the blank wall as Shane positioned the camera. 

"And we're good. It takes about two minutes to process."

"Thank you so much. You don't know how much I appreciate this. What do I owe you?"

"Not a thing. It was my fault the flash wasn't replaced. Consider it an act of kindness." Shane smiled.

"No, really, you don't have to do that. I can pay. Please." Alyson opened her purse.

"No, no. It was my pleasure. Really. But, um ...oh, never mind."

"What?"

"Well, I had an ulterior motive for asking you here."Shane seen the questioning look Alyson gave him and laughed. "No, no, I'm not weird, but I am working on a portfolio. I need a few more shots. You'd be perfect."

"Me? Oh, no. I don't think ...I'm not really what you'd consider photogenic," Alyson blushed as she spoke. Shane cut her off.

"Perfect. That's what I said. Game?" he flashed another smile, almost a challenge.

Alyson looked at that smile and thought "What the hell." She had her passport photo, and nothing else to do tonight.

"Game."

Taking her arm he led her through the door from which he'd come with the passport camera. Alyson looked around mildly shocked. The outer waiting room gave no hint as to the room beyond. 

There were four different sets, if that's what you could call them, arranged with what appeared to be themes. One was a French bordello scene like something out of Moulin Rouge. Another was what appeared to be school lockers. One was an old fashioned claw foot tub and all the trappings for a leisurely bath. The other was some kind of gothic dungeon scene. Alyson looked at Shane with a cocked eyebrow.

"Just what kind of photo shoot had you planned here? You said you weren't weird."

"Oh, no." Shane waved his hand. "This is my cash cow. You wouldn't believe what wives will pay for a calendar for hubby's 50th birthday. It pays well enough for me to help keep the camera shop afloat and pursue my own interests. Let me get set up" 

Alyson relaxed. She watched as Shane readied his camera and equipment. He went to the stereo on the wall and slipped in a CD. Classical music floated out.

"Chopin? Nice touch." 

"Photography is all about mood. I'm setting the mood." Alyson walked around the room as Shane continued to prep. He placed a bench in front of a screen. "Okay. Up you go"

"I'm not exactly prepared for a photo shoot to be honest. I mean what I am wearing isn't exactly glamorous. Plain skirt, plain blouse." Alyson bit her lip, her old shyness creeping up on her.

"Nonsense, Alyson. You look lovely. It's all head and shoulder shots. You okay with that? You'd really be helping me out. Besides," he grinned, "you owe me."

Alyson took a deep breath. Nothing like spontaneity. "Let's do it."

Shane came over to position her just so on the bench. "Back straight, shoulders back," he said, walking backwards away from her, "Tilt your head, no, like that. Okay. Hold that." He started clicking away. 

"So tell me about your cash cow. Women really come here for these boudoir calendars?" Alyson was intrigued.

"Oh yeah... you should see them, they LOVE it. The thought of exposing their naughty sides- although I assure you everything I do is tasteful- it gets them all excited. They tip quite well," Shane chuckled.

"So how does it work? How do you do it?" Curiosity was killing the cat.

"Turn your head; look over my shoulder... good. Oh, we make appointments; find out what kind of calendar she'd like to make for her husband. I've got four sets; you can use one or all four. There's a room full of costumes all shapes and sizes, although we do stipulate you provide your own fetish wear. Okay, now look down... and be serious for this one... think of something sad."

Fetish wear? Look sad? How the hell was she supposed to do that? She started to giggle. 

"I'm sorry. Now you have me picturing 50 year old women in PVC gear with whips and handcuffs. How can anyone be serious after that?"

Shane laughed. "Yeah, well, 50 is the new 40. Some of these women are hot... and some are not. A customer is a customer though."

"Do you have gift certificates?" Alyson giggled again "Maybe I will get one for my Mom"

Shane put the camera down. "Although, I'm sure your Mum is lovely, I think I'd much rather see you in a costume." Clearly another challenge was being issued.

"Oh yeah? My choice?" Alyson issued a challenge of her own.

"Absolutely. You want to have a look?"

Alyson slid off the stool. "Show me the way."

Shane led her to the wardrobe room. He was right; the place was full of costumes in all shapes and sizes to fit his scenes. "Any requests?" Alyson smiled.

"Surprise me." Shane walked out closing the door.

Alyson strolled through the room glancing over the fabrics. Everything was organized, clean and well labeled. Alyson fingered a tartan skirt. 

"Hmmm," she thought, "this could be interesting. She found a short tartan skirt in her size easily enough, as well as a matching blazer. She kept on her own blouse and stockings. Her own sensible shoes suited the uniform to a "T". 

Reaching for her purse Alyson extracted her brush and a hair elastic. She found her glasses and put those on as well. Voila! Instant school girl. She looked at herself in the mirror. "What am I getting myself into," she thought with a naughty smile.

Alyson opened the door and walked back into the room. Shane turned around, and his jaw dropped. "That's not what I expected."

"What? You expected me to sashay out in a feather boa & corset singing 'Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?'"

"Cheeky."

"I know." Alyson walked over to the locker set. "Okay, tell me what to do"

Shane retrieved the camera again. "Smile for me school girl"

Alyson smiled, and the camera snapped away. There were actual books in the locker, so she took them out and pretended to be pouring over them studiously. She dropped a book and bent over provocatively to pick it up. She eyed Shane over the edge of her glasses. 

"It's warm in here." She took off her blazer. 

"Mmmm. Okay, be a little more daring for me. Why don't you unbutton a couple of those buttons? Maybe you've been called to the dean's office and you are in trouble. Maybe you have to get yourself out of trouble, the best way you know how."

Alyson suddenly felt self-conscious again. "Uh... I don't know." She blushed a little.

Shane put down the camera. He walked over to where she was standing. "Do you even realize how gorgeous you are?"

"Um, I don't even know you, and I don't know what I am doing here. Perhaps I should just leave." 

"Perhaps, but we both know you want to stay." Shane reached out and pulled her into him. Taking her face in his hands he traced her bottom lip with his thumb and tugged it down. He leaned into Alyson and kissed her, softly at first, gauging her reaction. She didn't pull away. He kissed her again, more thoroughly, sliding his tongue over hers tasting, teasing drawing back out, breaking the kiss and looking at her.

"Shall I stop, Alyson?"

Alyson let out a shuddering sigh. It had been a long time since she reacted like this to a man. "Please go on." 

Pulling her into his embrace he began kissing her with more passion. Alyson arched into him, aching to be touched. He trailed kisses down her neck and gently nibbled the delicate skin there. She moaned, and her breath caught in her throat. 

"Please don't stop."

Shane leaned back and began unbuttoning her blouse. He trailed kisses down her chest as he deftly reached around and unclasped her bra. He pushed off the blouse and the bra and let them drop to the floor. Taking her hand he led her to the bed in the bordello scene. He laid her down on the bed and admired her for a few moments. 

Her breasts were milky white as was the rest of her exposed skin. Her nipples were a rosy tan colour pert and begging to be sucked. He obliged by leaning over and suckling one of her breasts while he massaged the other with his hand. A low moan escaped Alyson's lips and she arched up into Shane again.

"Harder," she whispered. "Please!"

Shane tugged at the nipple in his mouth with his teeth while he pinched the other between his forefinger and thumb. His cock was beginning to throb. Pulling her up onto her knees, he slid his hands down her waist and over her buttocks squeezing them massaging the roughness of the tweed skirt against her skin. He undid the button and pulled down the zipper and pushed it down over her hips. He saw then that she was wearing gartered stockings and no panties, and his cock throbbed for with more intensity than before, and he ached to have her. As the skirt fell away, he dug his fingers into the soft flesh of her thighs. He alternated the painful digs with gentle caresses. Alyson leaned into him, letting her breasts rub against his chest. Her erect nipples gliding over his skin was exquisite torture, for both of them. Shane muffled a moan into her neck, and bit the delicate skin where her neck curved into her shoulder.

He ran his hands over her buttocks and gently spread her cheeks, sliding his finger down the length of her seeing how wet she was. Alyson whimpered a little, and dragged her nails down the length of his back. Shane shivered.

"You, sir, have far too much clothing on." Standing at the foot of the bed, Shane allowed Alyson to undress him completely. Alyson pushed his shirt over his head, and threw it onto the floor. Her shaking hand eventually succeeded at tugging his belt loose. She slid off the bed and onto her knees in front on him. She kissed her way down to his rock-hard cock. 

Looking up at him she asked "Can I suck your cock Shane... please?" 

He wrapped his hand in her hair and guided her head over the length of his throbbing shaft. Like a good girl, she didn't stop until the whole shaft was in her throat up to his balls. He pulled her head back and drew out his cock. Taking it in his hand, he pressed it against her cheek and lightly slapped her with it. 

She smiled playfully and stuck her tongue out to flick the head with it. Once again he pushed his cock into her mouth. She moaned around it. 

Looking up at him she begged, "Please fuck my mouth Shane." He groaned, and it was all he could do not to cum right then. He gritted his teeth and held back. Slowly, he fucked her mouth as her eager tongue danced over his cock.

"I want to see if you are ready for me? May I?" he asked. "Yes... please," she replied simply.

He laid her on the bed again and spread her legs, then. He began to explore her wet pussy. She was so wet that the insides of her thighs were slick with her own juices. Shane drew a finger up the length of her and pressed it into her mouth.

Alyson eagerly sucked her own wetness off his finger. He rubbed her swollen clit with one hand as he delved one finger, and then two inside her. She was very tight; he was pleased to feel the walls of her pussy contract around his finger. His cock strained, but he needed to hear her say what she wanted next. He needed her to want it as much as he did.

"Alyson, what do you want me to do next?"

"Oh, Shane, I want you to fuck me... I want you to fuck my ass... please fuck my ass," Alyson begged with a sob in her voice.

"Such a bad girl, I may need to punish you."

Shane turned her over on all fours, pulling her towards him. He spread more of her wetness over her ass and slowly inserted his finger to relax her. With his other hand, he caressed her and lightly spanked her. Soon she was relaxed enough to accept the head of his cock. Slowly, slowly, he pressed the tip of his rigid cock into Alyson's waiting ass. He groaned loudly and she arched her back into him. He slid his cock carefully all the way up to his balls into her ass. She cried out and moaned. 

As he gently fucked her ass, he massaged her throbbing clit. She cried out again and begged him to rub her clit faster. 

"Oh God I want to cum!"Alyson hissed, between clenched teeth.

He obliged her, knowing that, like most women, this would only make her want more. He pulled out of her ass and continued to rub her clit as she crested and came all over his hand.

"What a bad little girl you are," Shane chuckled. "What shall we do next?"

"Please, Shane, I need you to fuck my pussy. Hard. Please," Her eyes pleaded with him. 

He rolled her onto her back putting a pillow her ass for better support. He placed his hands firmly on her hips, and entered her pussy. Lifting her legs and pushing them back towards her chest he began fucking her slowly, deeply filling her hot, tight, pussy with his throbbing cock. 

They groaned in sync. Alyson clenched her keigal muscles during each downward stroke Shane made, and he could feel her grip his cock. It was more than her could bear. He grasped her hips and began to slam his cock into her showing no mercy.

"OH GOD YES! Shane FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARD!" Alyson screamed. "I'M GOING TO CUM!"

Shane slammed his cock deep into Alyson's pussy as her whole body arched, contracted, and pulled him into her. He groaned, and suddenly his hot cum was gushing into her. He continued to fuck her as she rode wave after wave of pleasure. 

"You are such a naughty girl. A naughty, naughty girl," Shane murmured into her ear.

"Ah, but I am your naughty girl." She kissed him thoroughly. "What shall I make us for supper?"

Wrapping his arms more securely around her, Shane looked at the woman in bed next to him. Alyson was his lover, his wife. Her antics overwhelmed him, sometimes, but it only made him love her more.

Shane whispered, "Let me just hold you ... we'll discuss supper later, love"