 Many times I had thought I was crazy to return to college at age 40. This is the time of life when things are supposed to be getting better. But with the economy being what it is, and one lay off after another, I had been pushed to the point of “retooling” or rusting out. My wife had suggested nursing as an option. Her reasoning was with the nursing shortage, I would never be out of work, and males are even more in demand in the field. So, with some reservation, I started out in the coursework.

One of the first “nursing classes” is physical assessment. The course is mostly lecture, but there is also a “lab” that goes along with it. The class of 100 or so nursing students was divided up into several lab groups of 12 to 15. It is in these lab groups that the instructors see if you can apply the concepts taught in lecture. As it turned out, my lab group consisted of only one other guy aside from me, the rest being young women. He was about my age, and it was more than comforting to know that my lab partner was going to be another guy. Not that the thought of doing a weekly assessment of a nubile young thing was not attractive to me, but these were “girls” that I would have to spend the next 2 years or so dealing with. The thought of playing “I’ll show you mine, if you show me yours” and then setting through classes knowing what they looked like under the lab coat was just more than I could stand.

Things went well for the first several weeks. Tom and I took turns doing examinations of the ears, eyes, nose, throat, and so forth. Towards the middle of the term, we had been studying the “chest.” My heart sank as my heretofore-faithful lab partner had failed to show. Glancing around the room, I wondered who I would be partnering up with to listen to heart and lung sounds. Britney approached me as the brief pre-lab conference ended. “It looks like our lab partners did not show up today, I guess that means we will be doing this together.”

“I guess so,” I confirmed. “You don’t mind do you?” I said somewhat self-consciously.

“Of course not, silly.” She flashed a pretty smile. Britney was the kind of girl I could only dream about dating in college. Aside from being self confident and intelligent, she was 100% pure “eye candy.” At 5’5” she had a near perfect body. Her blue eyes and tanned skin complimented her auburn hair.  Some guys do not like “small” breasts, but I have always been turned on by a full “B” cup, and if my memory served me, and she did not “stuff,” her breasts were about as close to a perfect “B” that one could get without ordering from the factory. While the girls had to wear scrubs to clinical, they could wear anything to lab. Britney had, more than once, floated in to class wearing tight hip-hugging jeans and skimpy tops which showed plenty of her flat tummy. Now that she stood so close to me, I could smell her floral perfume. 

I had been married for nearly as long as this young thing had been alive. She could have been a flower girl at our wedding, but now my mind was far from seeing her as somebody’s darling little daughter. She was my lab partner de jour. I tried to focus my mind on being a “professional.” All my life I had been told “doctors and nurses” are professionals and don’t get excited over seeing somebody naked. One too many trips to the strip club had long ago turned girls like Britney into 100% pure excitement. Now I was struggling to keep my wits about me. 

We entered into the lab room. It was a large room with 10 beds, five on either side of the room. Curtains that enclosed the bed to allow for privacy during the exam surrounded each bed. As we entered, I wished that Tom were here to save me from what was uncomfortable to say the least. Normally, I would have died to see Britney near naked. But this was different. “I’ll go first as the patient,” I said as I pulled off my shirt. 

Britney donned her stethoscope and in a flash had me on the side of the bed, listening to my breath sounds. “Breathe in, and out” she instructed. “And again, and again, once more” she sounded professional as she moved her stethoscope across and down my back. “Ok, now we will listen to your heart.” She maneuvered herself and easily found each position to hear the various heart sounds. She located the apical pulse and palpated my radial pulse at the same time. “Perfect!” she exclaimed, “You have the heart of a 20 year old, you’ll live forever.” She giggled, breaking her professional demeanor for the first time. “Get dressed, you’re up next!”

“Listen, Britney, about that, if you will be more comfortable, I can just listen under your shirt.” I said, trying to provide her a way out. 

“Don’t be silly! We all have to learn the same techniques.” With that she crossed her arms and lifted off her pink top revealing a lacy bra with exposed as much of her tanned breasts as it covered. I felt the flush of the blood as it raced to my face. I quickly moved behind her, hoping that she had not seen the flush of red. I placed my left hand on her left shoulder as I repeated the same instructions she had given me. Her skin was soft and warm. It had been years since I had touched anybody other than my wife. I felt a twinge of quilt rush over me. Months ago, I had joked with my wife about spending too much time with young co-eds. She had taunted, “Listen, you didn’t get much tail in college when you were their age, if you think you can get one of them interested in an old guy like you, go ahead, but don’t come running crying back to me when they turn you down!”  Britney’s voice shocked me back to the “here and now.” 

“How do my lungs sound?” She asked as if truly concerned with her lung functioning. 

“Fine, clear in all lobes.” I answered.

“Ok, but I think there might be something wrong with my heart” she prompted.

Her heart, mine was the one in tachycardia! I was sure she could hear it pounding against my chest wall. Strangely enough, I did not have my anticipated and much feared erection. By this time, I was well into the “fight or flight” stress response. I moved to place my stethoscope on her chest wall. I could not tell her heartbeat from that of my own, as the pulse in my own ear was so loud. I only went through the steps.

Britney was not one to overlook the obvious. “You are nervous, aren’t you?” She whispered. 

“Well, Britney, to be honest I am a little.” I confessed “It’s been a long time since I have been this close to somebody, other than my wife, and never with a stethoscope in my hand.” I tried to smile.

“I know what’s wrong” She quipped. “You are just out of touch with the real world!”  She said as she pulled on her shirt. Just then the curtain opened. 

“How are you two doing?” said the instructor who was so old she made me feel young. 

“Nothing wrong here that a little practice will not clear up.” Britney smiled.

“That’s the attitude. ‘Practice, practice, practice’ is what I always say!” Our instructor continued “The only way to get really proficient is to...”

“Practice, practice, practice!” Britney finished her sentence.

“That’s right young lady, and I’m impressed, everybody else rushed through and tried to convince me that they had it all under control. You are the first to recognize that there is much to learn!”

Old nurse Brown was right; everybody else had left. Britney walked with me towards the door. “So, do you want to?”

“Want to what” I said honestly not knowing what she meant.

“Do you want to ‘Practice, practice, practice!’?” she said almost perfectly mimicking Nurse Brown’s voice and delivery.

“Well, they are closing the lab.” I said

 “There is always my place, we can go there.” She offered. 

In a moment of impulsivity energized by hope, I said “Well, ok, if you think it will help.”

“We can take your car, if you don’t mind.” She said. “I took the bus this morning”

We walked the short distance to my car, and I found myself opening the door for her. Once inside she adjusted the radio to a station that played songs that were way ahead of my time. The beat was strange. Had I grown so old so fast so as to be that out of touch? She gave the obligatory, “turn right here, now left” etc, between the chit-chat. We soon stopped at a well known student apartment building, the kind that has two bedrooms, each renting for nearly the price of a one bedroom apartment, to squeeze every last dime out of either daddy, or Uncle Sam. 
“Come on in, the place is a mess” she said as we hit the door, The place was anything but a mess. Clean and tidy. Well decorated. “Do you want something to drink?” she offered.

“A coke would be fine.” I answered.

“Let’s get down to business” she smiled as she walked back with the coke on ice.

“Ok.”  Again, not knowing exactly what I was getting into. With that, her shirt was once again off. I took out my stethoscope and placed it on her chest. 

“Can you hear my heartbeat?” She whispered.

“Yes, load and clear.” I answered innocently.

“It’s beating for you.” She continued. I looked at her.  Had I heard her correctly, or was my near senile mind playing tricks on me? Her eyes met mine. “Do you like what you see?”

“Yes” I could not hide the honesty. 

 “Would you like to see more?” Now I was sure that I was hallucinating.

“More?” I repeated.

“If we are going to practice, we might as well do it right.” She said as she reached her hands to between her breasts and undid her bra. It sprang open. And with a flip it was off and lying at her side on the couch. “While we have the time, I might as well show you how to do a breast exam!” She took my right hand in her hands and moved it to her 
left breast. At the same time she moved her left arm up and behind her head. “Make little circles and work a pattern around. Do you feel anything?” 

All this had taken less than a minute. I was in way over my head. The feel of her warm firm breasts under my fingers was driving me insane. I had not felt breasts like these in well, maybe I had never felt breasts like these.

“I see the way you look at me sometimes.” Britney said, her eyes fixing on mine. 

“I’m, I’m, sorry.” I stammered.

“You don’t need to be.” She continued with her eyes sparkling and a sly smile on her lips. “I am flattered. You’re a great guy and we all think that you are something else to come back to school!”  

I started to pull my hand away, and as I did, she once again reached for it with both hands, and pulled it back, placing it on her breast. “I like the way your hand feels. If you were a frat boy, you would have tried to rape me by now. You are so cool!” With that she leaned in and kissed first my cheek, and then moving towards my lips her mouth opened and her eyes closed as it reached ground zero. I could not resist any longer. She was right; I had been stealing too many glances at her. I love my wife, but I am only human. Her kiss was passionate. She pulled my shirt off and thrust herself into my arms. The feel of her breasts on my chest ignited passions that I had not felt in years. 

I placed my hands behind her head; our tongues explored each tooth and took turns being sucked on. She once again moved my hand to her breast. We kissed for what seemed like hours. Then it was her turn to move my head, she pushed it gently to her erect nipple. I traced around her areola with my tongue before I licked and sucked each light pink eraser-sized nipple in turn. I sucked and then softly nibbled on her nipples, savoring what I thought would be a once in a lifetime adventure in pure passion. She moaned “oh, you are sooo good, god I love this!” 

“Do you want to see my bedroom?” She asked as she gasped for breath. I nodded; she stood up and took my hand in hers. We walked down the hall that I knew was going to be my death march if my wife ever found out. Her bedroom was decked out in pink, with stuffed animals, which judging from her behavior in the living room really had no place in her life any longer.  Her pants were off in a flash, leaving a patch of lace covering her very lightly trimmed pussy. 

She fell backwards on the queen-sized bed, pulling me with her. Once again, our lips locked. Once again, she pushed my head down, but this time she was not satisfied with stopping at her firm young breasts. This time the trip continued until I was face to face with her thong. I caught the waistband in my lips and then my teeth, and pulled it down to reveal a thin line of fine red hair. Her legs parted and I moved my head under her half-removed panties and between her legs, down to her thighs, kissing them as I moved up to her slit. She wiggled and moved her legs, freeing herself from her panties. Now I again felt her hands upon my head as she moved my face in towards her warn pussy, I smelled the same floral scent that I had in class. I closed my eyes as I licked her pussy lips, moving my tongue to her clit, applying pressure, and then backing off. Her pussy tasted wonderful. I was lost in the wet world of her folds. 

I heard the door to the living room open. “Britney?” I heard a female voice calling out, “I’m home. Are you here?” In our rush of passion, I had not shut the door to the bedroom.

”Oh, god yes, I’m home, we’re in here!” she said as casually as if we had been watching the super bowel. 

“Is Al with you?” She called out, the voice coming closer.

“Oh, is he ever!” Britney replied.

I was shocked. I lifted up my head to see Sandy, standing in the doorway, Sandy was Britney’s lab partner, and I correctly assumed roommate. She was taking off her shirt. “Do you mind if I join you?” She quizzed.

“Well, do you mind Al?” Britney said “I hope you don’t mind, we share everything!” 

By this time, I was out of my mind. “What can I say?” I looked at Britney. 

“Thank you would be nice, but you don’t need to say anything, I can tell you are having a good time.” With that, she once again prodded my head down towards her moistness. 

Sandy tugged at my pants and soon the answer to the question “boxers or briefs” was apparent to all.  With one more tug the answer to the question “circumcised or not” was also apparent, as my seven inch, now rock hard cock was released from captivity.  Britney pulled away, and the two of them rolled me over on my back in fine nursing fashion as if to give a sponge bath to an immobilized patient. But it was no sponge bath I was to receive, but a fine tongue lashing. They worked together expertly alternating licking the shaft of my dick, sucking on my balls, and kissing the head until I was about to explode.

Then they pulled away. Turned to each other and kissed each other before falling back, one on either side of me. They pressed their breasts into my side as they took turns kissing me and sucking on my nipples. This was soon over and bodies flopped until Britney was sucking my dick, as I found my mouth on Sandy’s bare pussy and Sandy’s head buried in Britney’s pussy. All too soon I felt my cock pulse several times as I came in Britney’s mouth. Soon Sandy was licking the remaining cum off my shaft and sucking on my cock’s purple head. They then kissed sharing my cum before they both swallowed. They once again lay next to me, Sandy’s hands were now expertly playing with my balls, as Britney coaxed my cock back to life. It had been years since I had had two hard-ons, so close together. 

Before long, I felt Britney’s pussy sliding over my newly erected cock; she road it like an expert. Sandy straddled my face and soon I was once again licking her well shaved pussy. I could not see, but well knew that the girls were playing with each other’s tits and kissing. Britney came all too soon. After which, Sandy moved to set on my cock, and Britney licked and sucked on her tits until she too came. The girls finally turned their attention once again to sucking my dick and licking my balls. I came the second time.

“Have we practiced enough for one day?” Britney smiled as they moved up to once again lie on either side of me. 

“I think I’m beginning to get the hang of it.”  I laughed.

“Can we have another practice session next week?” Britney cooed.

“Yes can we? And next time don’t start without me!” Sandy chimed in like somebody’s pouty little sister.

“Ok, ok, same time next week” I promised.

We met again next week after class, and every week that semester. Sometimes it was wild three way sex, sometimes it was just cuddling. Britney eventually explained that Sandy had distracted Tom from class the first day, by asking for help with her “dead car.” Tom was never the wiser, nor was my wife. Sandy and Britney told me that they were interested in older men as they had heard that older guys were more willing to take their time and satisfy their partners unlike the selfish frat boys who were all about getting their rocks off. They also confided that with the demands of nursing school, they did not have time to date and satisfy the demands of a boyfriend for more time. Sure I felt a bit manipulated and used, but hey, I’m big enough to accept a little manipulation. 

My wife never found out. It is better that way. I still gave her the sex that she wanted twice a month. I never felt guilty about it. For years her sex drive had been less than mine. I had pleaded and begged for more sex, but she always held back. If anything having the girls allowed me to stay with my wife. I knew that it would all end by graduation.  Sandy dropped out of the “study group” half way through our “senior year” for a guy. Britney stuck with me until graduation and then moved to Charleston. I’ve been faithful to my wife for the past 3 years. I occasionally tease her about the college co-eds I met in nursing school, she laughs and says “in your dreams.” Well, yes I guess so, occasionally I do have re-runs of Britney and Sandy in my dreams.