 Ah, the company softball league. Beer and watching young women run around in outfits designed to make you look. What could be better?

As I watched her run from the batter's box to first base, I thought, that bra is severely overmatched. Given the mass of her breasts, and the elasticity of her bra, there just isn't enough damping in the system to avoid instability. The resultant oscillations, for small signals, would be termed "jiggle", and for large signals "bounce".

She played some catcher and some first base. We chatted amicably throughout the game, as I tried not to stare at her impressive cleavage, which was especially difficult when she leaned way over to receive a pitch. But I couldn't help staring when she ran the bases. I wasn't the only one looking. She made some comment to another guy, who said, "I was looking at your necklace." She didn't look pleased. She was nothing but smiles for me, though, and she seemed to delight in showing off her tits for me.

Another coach was short of players for the second game, and after Leah volunteered, of course I did too. So the second game, we were on the same team. We spent a lot of time talking in the dugout, and she seemed to me to be very young and needy. She says, "Man, I'm getting hungry. Anybody up for Chinese food?" Sounds harmless enough, except I'm the only one in the dugout at the time. "Sure, I know a few places around here," I said, trying not to sound too eager.

Now she's at second base, and I'm coaching third. A base hit, and she has to run hard to score. I'm waving her in, and watching physics in action. The harder she ran, the larger the impulses being input into the underdamped system, turning jiggles into major bounces. And the faster she ran, the closer the impulse train frequency was to the resonant frequency of the breast-bra combination, resulting in large- scale bouncing.

I'm retreating down the line towards the plate, waving her in, as her runaway breasts are bouncing straight for me. Finally, enough energy has been pumped into the resonant system to overcome the bounding forces, and both boobs pop up out of her bra, and, still bouncing and jiggling, spill out the front of her crop top. I am in utter awe for the few seconds it takes her to cross the plate and stuff her tits back into her poor, inadequate bra. I don't think it was a design problem so much as operation outside the specified mass/acceleration curve. I quickly look around for the expected pandemonium, but everyone is looking at the play at second base, and it seems that the only ones in on this momentous event were me, the (female) catcher and Leah herself. I hear Leah say something to the catcher that indicates that this isn't the first time this has happened.

The next time she bounces around the bases, I hold her at third, even though she probably could have scored. "Thanks," she grinned, with some sort of meaning in the grin. I kind of smirked back at her, noticing that the more I look at her, the more she grins.

The game is finally over, and we head up the hill to the parking lot. I ooh and aah over her car, which is a cherry red vintage Camaro.

"You still hungry?" I asked her.

"Starving," she said.

"I'll drive," I said, taking it for granted that we'd take one car. I helped her into my truck, glad that I'd sprung for the club cab and tinted windows. The back seat looks very inviting.

We drive around, talking about what to eat. I lobby against Chinese, in favor of Fish 'n Chips, knowing that the local fish joint has a drive-thru, but very little seating, so we'd end up eating in the truck.

We moan about the crowd in the restaurant, go through the drive-thru, and find a relatively secluded place to park with a view of the sunset. We continued to talk as we ate, and I drank her in while the light remained. She was very, very attractive. Also very immature. She would say 'fuck', as if it just slipped out accidentally, then look at me and titter.

"Mmmm," she said, "these fish 'n chips are so good, now I feel like a cigarette!"

"Do you smoke?" I asked.

"I haven't had any in six months," (she's still talking about smoking, isn't she?) "and sometimes I really need to have one in my mouth."

I can't let that pass. "An oral fixation. I like that in a woman."

She turned red, and tried to change the subject, telling me how impressed she was with my ballplaying.

"How did you learn to hit like that?" she asked.

"Oh, it's just repetition. After you've done it a few thousand times, you get pretty good at it. Just like sex," I said, steering the conversation back on course.

"Oh, you're pretty good at it, huh? Next you're going to tell me you've got a great big dick, right?"

"I haven't seen too many, so I'll have to let you be the judge of that."

"Yeah, I ought to get a free peek, since you've already seen my tits! It was nice of you to pretend you didn't see, but even out of the corner of my eye, I could see your eyes were the size of hubcaps."

"Well, it was the highlight of my life so far. I was duly impressed."

"Okay, but now it's payback time. Come on, whip it out!"

"Maybe I'm old fashioned, but I like to at least kiss the girl before I show her the goods," I said, leaning close to her. We kissed, much longer than I thought we would. I resisted groping her, I didn't want to scare her off by being too anxious. Perhaps I shouldn't have worried, because it wasn't long before she was stroking my cock through my baseball pants. Now it was perfectly clear that it was going to happen.

"Would you like to check out the back seat? I'll show you my vasectomy scar," I said. That brought a big smile to her face. We awkwardly clambered into the back, leaving our cleats and socks in the front. As she struggled to turn around in the close quarters, her ass passed inches from my face. I noticed her crotch was damp. If it was sweat, it sure didn't smell like it. I could faintly see the red and white check pattern of her panties through the thin nylon of her shorts. She kissed me, pushing me back until she was on top of me. I had on a jock strap and nylon sliding pants, appropriately named since she was humping me, sliding her cunt back and forth across my cock, separated by four thin layers of slippery nylon. I finally got to touch those magnificent boobs, and I took full advantage of the opportunity, feeling her through her bra and kissing the exposed portions. I helped her take off her crop top (so glad to be of service) and looked on with great anticipation as she pulled her sports bra off over her head. Pulling it up lifted her breasts up, and when they were finally free of the bra, gravity took hold, sending them downward in a graceful arc, settling with several bounces and jiggles as they came to rest.

"Wow!" I said. What else could I say? They were beautiful, they were young and firm, proud and defiant, supple and... and... and...

"Perfect!" I was going to elaborate, but the only words that came were "huge" and "enormous". She cut my eloquence short by cramming an engorged nipple into my mouth. I sucked hard, rolling it against the roof of my mouth with my tongue, then with a gentler suction I pulled on it, holding on to just the tip. Then I rubbed it against the edges of my upper teeth, scraping it back and forth with my tongue. I mirrored these actions with my hand on her other breast, squeezing it tightly, then releasing it and pulling on the nipple, twisting and pinching it. Then I switched boobs, pausing for a moment to just bury my face in her cleavage, kind of wrapping her mounds around my head. I used just my mouth on her other tit, freeing my hands to fondle her ass. I had to grab it to slow down her humping, or I was going to make a royal mess out of my sliding pants.

I slid my hands through the leg openings of her shorts and panties, grabbing generous handfuls of ass. I slipped a finger into her buttcrack, and I found that it was wet and slimy, and it smelled wonderful. It smelled young and alive, and... horny.

"Are you going to show me your scar?" she said, panting, her voice husky with lust.

"Sure," I said, after taking her nipple out of my mouth. As she dismounted, I looked her straight in the eye and licked my slimy fingers, stretching my tongue way out.

"Oh!" she exclaimed with apparent interest.

"Mmmm," I said. 

As I pulled off my baseball pants and jock strap, my stiff member caught on the fabric, then suddenly sprung free.

"You were right," she said.

"About what?"

"You do have a great big dick!"

"You say that as if you've seen a lot of them," I said, feigning shock.

"Well, I wouldn't say 'lots', but I'm not exactly a virgin, either. But I've never seen anything like this," she said, taking it in her hand. "It's going to be like being a virgin all over again!"

I pointed out the little white line on my scrotum.

"That's it?" she said, running her finger over the scar.

"Snip, snip, that's all there is to it." I said, grimacing somewhat at the memory, which faded as she stroked my penis with one hand and fondled my balls with the other.

"I'll kiss make better," she said, and she did.

She started at the scar, kissing and licking my balls, then licked around the base of the shaft, slowly working upward. She licked up and down the underside of my prick, pushing firmly against her hand. She locked her lips on the side, sucking, sliding her lips around. When she finally got to the head, she spent a lot of time licking round and round the crown before finally taking it into her mouth. Her mouth was warm and wet, her tongue constantly swirling. Her tastebuds felt rough, like a cat's. She took me deeper, varying the suction and the grip of her lips on my cock. She'd sense when I'd approach climax, backing off just enough to make it last and last. But I wasn't going to last forever.

"Where do you want me to cum?" I asked, deciding to come right out and say it before it was too late.

"Well, Mr. I'll-show-you-my-vasectomy-scar, I want you to cum in my pussy, but that would make a real mess, so I guess I can swallow it."

"Either way, I just happen to have brought along some towels," I said with a smile. She gave me a look that said, "Hey, you planned on fucking me all along!" but she said nothing. Instead, she leaned back and pulled off her shorts. I helped her disentangle them from her legs and we repeated the procedure with her soppy-crotched panties. I'm always ready to help a damsel in distress (or a damsel get undressed.)

Now, the sex was fabulous up to this point. But now we get to my favorite part, and I'm not talking about shoving it in and out for five seconds and squirting all over her tits. I'm talking about eating pussy. I'm talking about twenty minutes of eating pussy. I'm talking about twenty minutes of eating pussy while fingering her cunt, massaging her ass, rubbing her pubic mound, pushing on her G-spot, fingering her asshole, squeezing her tits, and whatever else seems to turn her on. She laid out across the seat on a towel, I knelt on the floor by her head so, while I licked her slit, I could reach her tits and she could reach my cock.

I fondled her boobs as I nuzzled her crotch, taking in her scent. I took it slow, kissing her inner thighs, licking her pubic hair, nibbling her mons as my hot breath escaped between her outer lips. She stroked my cock, urging me on.

"Eat it, eat it!" she said, like a firstbaseman after the shortstop bobbles the ball. I dipped my tongue down into her slit where it was hot and slick. I savored the taste and the smell, committing them to memory. I gave her nipples a few more twists and pulls, then brought my hands to the aid of my mouth.

I spread her pussy wide open with the heels of my hands, licking and sucking her clit and vulva. I took the lips in my mouth, sucking, then slid around, letting different parts of her cunt slip in and out of the suction. When she'd start to get close, I'd move away from her clit, dipping into her vagina. I licked the full length of her slit, letting my tongue "accidentally" lap over her asshole, checking her response. She flinched the first time, then relaxed and moaned each time my tongue approached. I returned to her clit, getting her close once again. I leaned on one hand, freeing the other to probe her twat. I rubbed her slime across her asshole, seeking entry with my finger.

"Easy," I said, fearing she was going to yank my dick clean off. I guided her hand lower, she played with my balls and massaged from my balls to my asshole. As I pushed my finger in, suddenly she was there, cumming. I belatedly licked her clit to help her finish.

"Fuck me," she said in a tone not to be disobeyed. Not that I was going to disobey anyway.

I thought about entering her from behind, or having her on top, but I opted for a direct frontal assault. I climbed on top of her, burying my face in her tits while rubbing my dickhead up and down in her slit. She pivoted her hips, helping me find the entrance. She was very wet, but she was very tight. She wasn't kidding about being "like a virgin". Although she fucked like she was experienced, apparently her experience was limited to smaller cocks. I thought she was BSing me when she said I was big. 

I squeezed my prick into her cunt, thankful for her ample lubrication.

"The cunt of a virgin and the mouth of a slut, the perfect combination." I thought, deciding not to say it out loud. I slid in and out, pushing into the warm wetness, then pulling back against her clinging cunt lips. My hands and mouth delighted in her breasts while I banged her. I couldn't have lasted long in that tight twat, except that I had leaked, almost cumming, first in her mouth and then in her hand while I was eating her. I was really enjoying the slow strokes in and out, but I began to worry that I wouldn't be able to finish after two close calls, so despite the tightness, I began to pick up the pace. I intensified my suction on her nipples, and returned a finger to her clit to keep her interest. Her interest peaked as she came again, wrapping her legs around me and matching my thrusts as I pounded into her cunt, squirting my hot seed into her even hotter pussy.

A few minutes later, we were dressed, back in the front seat, and driving back to where her car was parked.

"So will I see you at work tomorrow?" I asked, "Maybe we can meet for lunch?"

"Oh, I don't work there. My Dad does. He's the Corporate Attorney."

Shit!