 6 pm. I find myself walking towards the physics building..... again. That's been pretty routine lately; I've seen Hussein every day this week so far. I loved going to his office though it's always the best way to end my day! My favorite thing is watching him listen into his music. He makes the most hilarious faces and gets so lost in the songs.... It's almost erotic. The way I can see he doesn't just listen to the music, he feels it...I'd like him to feel me. The notion of him touching me gave me goose bumps right away and I shivered.

By this time I had reached the door and texted him I was here. I caught my breath when he finally came to open the door. God he was sexy. Tall with broad shoulders and muscle, he walked with confidence to. His face was handsome with his short hair and facial hair, he was so masculine but he has kookiest sweet smile. I can't help it being attracted to him. 

Stop it Sam your just friends! Calm yourself. Don't act eager. 

"HI HUSSEIN!!!" 

So much for that.

"hey kiddo"

Uh this kiddo thing is really getting old. Does he seriously think I look like a kid? Come on I look at least twenty... I wonder if he finds me a little attractive.

We walked to his office and shut the door. He took his normal seat next to his lap top and I pulled my chair up next to him close enough that our legs were touching. My skin instantly warmed. 

God this is so pathetic I enjoy just our legs touching. I hope he doesn't notice.

He went to show me a video on you tube and I watched him type on the key board with his big hands. 

What I wouldn't give to have his hands on me... the looked so strong but smooth. I know they could handle me rough or soft. I remember from when he picked me up last time I was over. He wanted to prove he was strong enough. That ego of his it's huge. But hey if it made him touch me I'm ok with that. The way he so effortlessly swooped me off the floor and so gently.... I started to imagine his hands around my waist and slipping under my shirt. I know my nipples would harden right away if he touched them, they were tingling just thinking about him grouping my breasts, they'd fit perfectly into his hands...

Damn it Samantha stop fantasizing about him! Your gonna go crazy sitting here.

I tried to focus on what he was saying but my mind wouldn't stop. He put on some music and read me one of the poems he wrote in Arabic. I sat back and watched him as he read the words... how could someone look so sexy and masculine but sound so soft and sweet? I focused on his lips as he spoke. They were shaped perfectly and his voice in Arabic is so seductive. He could tell me I have stinky feet in Arabic and I'd still be put in a trance. His voice is hypnotic.

I couldn't help it; I felt the wetness between my legs building. I was Horney and I wanted him. Bad.

I hope he doesn't notice I'm turned on. I crossed my legs afraid my juices might be visible through my work out pants.

What the hell Samantha?! Stop thinking about sexing him!

But there was no stopping it, I wanted to rip his clothes off and fuck him right on his office mate's desk. I wanted to feel his naked sweaty body against mine and...... I wanted him inside me. 

"you know I'm the best cuddlier" he said randomly

Here we go with the ego.

"yea sure Hussein" I rolled my eyes 

"no really stand up!"

Next thing I know, I up out of my seat and he wraps his arms around me holding me to him.

THIS IS TORTURE! DOES HE HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT HE'S DOING TO ME?!

If only we were naked......

We broke the hug the hug a minute later but remained standing. The conversation continued and he put on some romantic music.

"o lovely" I said.

"You like it? It's all part of my plan to seduce you"

"ha o yea I'm craving you right now" again my words dripping in sarcasm.

"What you don't think I could seduce you?"

"No Hussein you can't" i lied. 

Without another word he reached across the space between us and slid is one hand around my lower back. Before I could protest he pulled me to him closing the gap between us. I had never been so close to him face to face. Our noses were practically touching if I tilted my head up to his we'd kiss. I let out a soft gasp and immediately regretted letting it escape. 

"Do you want to kiss me?" he whispered.

Please! I wanted to beg him and tell him 

I've wanted to kiss him since we first met that day at the book store.

"No" I said flatly. He knew it was a lie but I couldn't give in! 

Time to turn the tables.

"Do you want to kiss me?" I asked

"If you kiss me, I won't kiss back"

That was it! He should know never to challenge a middle eastern. He was one! We WILL prove our point.

I tilted my head and closed the last inch between us and our lips met. He stiffened momentarily stunned. I bet he didn't see that coming. His lips instantly softened and molded to mine and that was all I needed. 

I pulled away and whispered in his ear "I win"

His grip tightened and pulled my face to his again. This time the kiss wasn't soft. It was intense and heavy. I could taste the passion on his tongue. 

O my god this was actually happening, I've lusted after him for so long and now look what's happening.

His hands massaged at my lower back and I let out a sigh. He must have liked that because he took the kiss deeper. I let my hands slip under his shirt and traveled up his back. His skin was so hot and I could feel him start to sweat. I pulled the shirt off over his head and let it fall to the floor. I wanted to look at his bare chest but couldn't find the will power to break the kiss. My hands continued to fallow the contours of his back, he was so chiseled. My hands finally stopped at his neck and I wrapped my fingers around him not letting go. 

He picked me up and put me on the desk. I felt his hand leave my waist and grab my hair. He pulled my head back gently and I leaned back willing submitting to him. He leaned to the side and murmured in my ear something in Arabic.

"What does that mean?" I tried to ask without sounding out of breath.

"shhhhhhhh" 

he put his finger to silence me and began kissing my neck . My skin turned to fire and burned under his kisses. The heat was so intense my skin tingled all over. Each time his lips met my skin a jolt of electricity shot straight to my pussy. The feeling was over whelming, my legs wrapped around his waist and I locked him in. I couldn't help but moan in pleasure. He ripped at my shirt realizing it was in the way. My breathing was so heavy you thought I'd worked out for the past 5 hours. As I looked at him I realized his breathes were just as jagged. We were both panting like marathon runners. 

I looked at him in the eye and slowly un hooked my own bra. I let it fall off the desk to the floor. I was wrong to think my nipples would be hard if he touched them... they already were like rocks. He definitely noticed and I could feel his hard-on growing under is pants. I leaned back and laid completely out lettng him admire my body, the desk would have to be our make shift bed. 

He picked back up where we left off kissing down my chest. I could hardly catch my breath. When his lips found my nipple I stopped breathing. O MY GOD. I almost cam right there. How was he so amazing he knew exactly how to touch me?! his mouth enclosed my right breast. His tongue flicking quickly over the tip. While his mouth worked at my one side his hand entertained my other, he rubbed my left nipple between his two finger as if he was trying to start a fire with sticks, he twisted and turned them.

My body completely gave into instinct and I started to grind my hips into his groin. He was huge I could tell through his pants. Guess that "Lebanese guys have it big" t-shirt I got him as a joke really was appropriate. 

His hand left my breast and grabbed me hot mound between my legs. 

He laughed.

"I can feel how wet you are through your pants" 

he smirked

"do I make you that hot" he smiled

I gave up all hope of trying to hide it. 

"YES!!!!!" I screamed.

He started at each pant leg going purposely slow to tease me. 

No way Jose I thought. I pushed him off and finished stripping down till I was completely nude. I wasn't going to wait for him to take his clothes off either. I grabbed him, unzipped his pants and pulled his shorts and underwear down all in one swift motion. 

His penis jumped out like an exclamation point. 

He pulled me back into a passionate kiss and he crushed his body to mine. Our hips moved unison... if I just opened my legs to him. He felt me spread beneath him. 

I felt him grab his own cock. He started rubbing the tip along my swollen pussy lips. God I can't hold on much longer. I could feel the orgasm building I was going to lose control. He was everywhere I felt he filled my atmosphere; I was surrounded in nothing but him, his essence. I breathed in his scent, I could taste the sweat beading on his chest....

"please" I pleaded. 

"Hussein, please I want to feel you inside me."

Then in an instant we were joined.

My walls tightened and my body convulsed in the most over powering pleasure I had ever felt. I felt his cum explode and fill my womanly cave. The last ripple of our orgasm washed over us and we both collapsed. He lay next to me as we both caught our breath. I watched as his chest rose and fell, he looked me in the eye and we both knew this was more than just sex. He rolled on to his side and kissed my forehead so softly I almost didn't feel it. Then he whispered in my ear "ana behibak". That was one of the few words I did know in Arabic. And I answered back. I love you to.