 We were "T-boned" at a bust intersection. Some idiot had come sailing though the red light and buried his car into the passenger's door of our Cutlass. Fortunately there had been several witnesses to the accident.

I had been seated in the "suicide seat" and was taken to the hospital by ambulance. At the E.R. they discovered I had a fracture humerus in my right arm. The fracture did not require a cast, just a sling and I was sent home.

Ian Ryan, Q.C., is a prominent litigation attorney renowned for extracting satisfactory settlements from insurance companies. Ryan referred me to a physiotherapist to seek rehabilitation in the use of my injured arm. He advised me it was a must if I were to be successful in my claim.

Bert Rufenach worked out of the basement of his home. Over his desk he had a certificate from some physiotherapist institute I had never heard of. 

He ushered me into his "treatment room" and told me to disrobe.

I protested saying it was only my arm that was a problem. He said it was necessary for me to take everything off, emphasizing everything.

He left the room while I stripped naked and sat on the cold wooded chair awaiting his return. Upstairs I could hear his wife going about her duties.

In a few minutes he returned carrying a clipboard. He smiled seeing me sitting there naked as he had ordered.

"Stand up, you needn't be shy." He said.

Submissively I stood allowing him to survey my total nudity.

At thirty-six I am no raving beauty but I still had a decent body. My 40DD breasts were the kind guys like with large pink nipples, my aureoles measuring 3" in diameter. In the cold basement I realized my nipples were erect. My pussy was natural, covered with a pelt of curly light brown pubic hair. No doubt I looked good to an older man like Rufenach.

The way Rufenach looked at me I suspected he wanted to fuck me. I am no whore but Ryan had emphasized how important it would be to get a good report from a physiotherapist. He said Rufenach's reports had helped him obtain healthy settlements in the past so I should be co-operative with him. For a few thousand dollars I would be a fool not to make Rufenach happy.

"You want to fuck me?" I bluntly asked the old pervert in the white coat.

Rufenach was flabbergasted.

"It's O.K., I will screw you." I agreed.

I felt as if a huge cloud of uncertainty had been lifted. I was going to fuck Rufenach in return for the report I wanted. 

Rufenach was a man in his late forties, tall with a goatee. He appeared to be of a European heritage and spoke with a thick accent. He was not the type of man I would choose to go to bed with but I supposed I could tolerate one time.

"You want me on the table?" I asked.

There was a red vinyl covered treatment table at the side of the room, which would be an ideal bench for fucking.

"That would be good." Rufenach said unfastening is trousers.

Committed I placed my ass on the table and swung my legs up so I was lying on my back. I spread my feet apart to the edges of the narrow bed.

Rufenach approached me with his trousers and shorts down around his knees and his cock in his hand. I heard the footsteps of a child running across the floor above. Likely Rufenach's child or grandchild I thought.

As it happened I had not been fucked for weeks. With the accident and injured arm my sex life was on pause. I had just menstruated a week before and all my juices were flowing.

I closed my eyes and waited to be taken.

Rufenach pulled my ass down the table until my cunt was even with the bottom edge, my legs hanging over at my knees.

A shiver went though me as his cockhead searched through my hair for the way in to my pussy. Swiftly my labia parted giving him access to enter me. Slowly his cock slid into me as he relished my seduction.

"You are very tight my dear, relax." Rufenach tried to comfort me. 

Soon I begin secreting lubricant to ease the movement of Rufenach's cock in me. Rufenach began sliding deeper into my friendly fuck hole. I raised my ankles up and placed them on his shoulders allowing him to reach the maximum depth inside of me. 

"Oh yes! I whimpered.

My cunt had been awaken, after a lengthy rest it was being used again. Eagerly it tightens around his shaft seeking the ecstasy it could unlock.

Rufenach filled his hands with my massive jiggling tits as he desperately tries to reach the bottom of my hungry pit. He squeezes my breasts making my nipples pop out. My cunt has blossomed open like a rose waiting to be pollinated. I am ready to climax.

I found myself begging for the sperm of a man I had met less than an hour before. Only cum could extinguish the fire that burned between my legs.

"Cum in me, shoot in me now!" I cried as my hips bucked up to receive my reward. 

Rufenach had reached the brink of his climax. As my cunt quivered around his cock he exploded inside of me drenching my cavity with a profuse amount of his thick creamy jism.

"Oh yes!" I whimpered as our juices mixed. 

Rufenach advised me that I would have to present myself for "treatment" weekly for the following six weeks before he could give me a comprehensive report.

As I dressed I assured him it would be no problem.