 She showed up at his door to pick up the rent just minutes after he got home.

"Hey trouble." He smiled and let her in.

"How's it been going?" she grinned and looked him up and down. They both knew the small talk was irrelevant.

"Where is everyone?" She asked looking around.

"Their Mom's house." He his grin grew bigger.

She knew that as soon as she shut the door, it'd be ON.

She slowly turned around and looked at him. Magnetically charged, they jumped at each other. His kiss was so full of passion and excitement, she missed being kissed like that. He backed her up to the wall just inside the door, kissing hard, hands going directly to her hips and lifting her to wrap her legs around him. Hugging around his neck and running her fingers through his hair; emotions running high. She wanted him, she missed his energy; she missed his touch.

Rich grabs her ass tightly to carry her to the bedroom. It was only a few steps before she slips down from him, straight to the floor. Hurriedly, her fingers pulled at his jeans and zipper. His jeans dropped to the floor, his hard on standing ready. She smiles up at him, looking him dead in the eyes and takes his cock softly into her hot mouth. Gripping gingerly with both hands, she strokes back and forth; licking between strokes. She loved watching his facial expressions while she circled the tip. She took him in one last time, deep into her throat before he grabbed down for her to stand up with him. He cradled her face close, pulled her lips to his. She wrapped her arms around him; up under his t-shirt, her nails digging in just enough to send tingles to his spine.

Stumbling blindly through the room, stripping their remaining clothes off before hitting the bed.

"Lay back." He whispered. 

She shimmied herself back to the pillows and watch as he crawled up to her. He caressed her leg, kissing all the way up to her thighs; slowly separating her legs. Her heat drew him in. He licked lightly up on her smooth lips; glancing up at her. His touch was electric, throwing her head back and making her groan. She loved everything he did, there was no doubt about that. She wanted more. 

Up on his elbows, his left-hand griping under her leg up to her ass cheek; his right hand spreading her lips open for his tongue and fingers deep in her. Flicking over her hyper-sensitive clit before burying his face, and lapping up all her sweet flavors. She squirmed back and forth; grabbing his head and hair begging him not to stop. Pulling back for a second and sliding his fingers back in while he caught his breath. She let out a loud moan... He pulled his fingers from her and went back in with his tongue. She gave one more even louder yell just before she gushed; flooding his mouth and face. He wasn't phased by this, he knew he could get more out of her if he kept going.

He slowly crawled up to her; kissing her all the way to her neck. His breath on her skin sent shivers through her. She could feel his cock bobbing against her leg all the way up. Anticipation was building. She wanted it; she wanted him. 

He opened her legs by using his knee, and he slipped easily between them. She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his shoulders; pulling him close to her. She loved having his hairy chest pressed against her. She couldn't get enough of him kissing her neck. 

His hips pushed against hers; guiding his cock into her. Her pussy was still dripping with excitement. The head of his cock pressed its way into her; his hips gyrated, just letting the tip of his cock go inside. She couldn't take much more of that before she squeezed him with her thighs, slamming him deep. After giving her a few thrusts, he wanted her on top. He always loved looking up at her while she rode him slow and deep.

"Get on top." Rich whispered to her with a smile. 

She knew exactly what he wanted but wanted to hear him say it.

"Slow..." he laid his head back to enjoy her.

She straddled across him, staring at him the whole time. Tenderly steering his cock into her. Sitting up, locking eyes with him... one hand on his cock, the other opening her lips up to slide him in. His hands immediately went for her breasts; squeezing and pinching her nipples, pulling them down to his mouth. 

Slowly, she slides down, taking his shaft all the way in. Rocking side to side and circling her hips around him.

"Nice and slow..." he muttered.

They both loved the slow grind. She grinded down deep on his cock, staring eye to eye with him. She moaned and squeezed her eyes shut.

"Shhhh... Not until you cum." He laid a finger across her lips.

She tried to be quiet, but he knew she couldn't. 

He held her hips to slow her. Another groan escaped her lips, forcing her to rock and grind his cock faster. Leaning down to him, her nipples brushing against his chest. She starts fucking him faster; bouncing up and down on his cock; slamming him deeper each time. Her voluptuous breasts heaving up and down... His cock banging hard against that spot that sends her into orgasmic convulsions. There is goes... She let out another deafening groan and arched her back. Her orgasm rushed down between them soaking the bed. Rich loved making her cum; he loved feeling her gush like that on him. He started going faster, fucking her harder.

"Are you read for this? ...because I'm going to cum." 

"Not yet! I want to taste you! Cum in my mouth!"

She woke up in her own bed around 3:00am to the dog whining to go outside as she did almost always every night. She lifted the sheets to find her panties completely soaked and so was the bed. She looked over at her husband; relieved to see he was still asleep.

It would've been incredibly hard to explain the wet dream she just had lying next to him for Rich, the man renting their house.