  Chapter 8 Doing it for money


Brian introduced Georgia to his family, and excused himself to take a shower. The kids were curious about the visitor, but Amanda suspected the woman was someone special, and warned Phillip to mind his manners, reminding him that Dad didn't make it a habit to invite women to dinner. 

Dinner consisted of their typical summer fare, sliced chicken, salads, iced tea, and Mary's home made rolls. She served ice cream for dessert. 

After dinner, Brian told the kids to go to bed at their regular time, an indication that he wouldn't be back in time to tuck them in. 

Georgia thanked Mary for the meal, said goodbye to the kids, and told Brian that she needed to go to the motel. Curtis would be expecting her call.

"Come inside," she said. "I have some matters to discuss and there won't be time tomorrow, because I have an early flight."

This was good news to Brian. An early flight meant that she would not have time to tour the apartment building or the businesses. "I hope you'll have time for breakfast," he said.

They were no sooner inside the room when she jumped him, threw her arms around him, and swarmed his lips with hers. Did she think he was Nelson, and had another fantasy to play out?

Brian had all the buttons on her blouse undone when the ringing telephone interrupted them.

"Hello, oh, hi, Honey. I was just going to call you...he's not...he's a very nice man...no, he's accommodating and..."

Georgia was moving the receiver to her other ear so she could slip out of the blouse. Brian was unhooking her bra. 

"Don't say that, Curtis. I said he is accommodating. He just brought me back to the motel after having dinner with his family."

Her bra was off, and Brian was cupping both breasts from behind.

"No, he left. We're going to have breakfast before he takes me to the airport in the morning," Georgia said into the receiver before turning her head to accept Brian's lips. She quickly turned her mouth back to the receiver.

"You really can be an asshole sometimes. He lost his wife soon after Daddy died."

Brian found the snaps that held her skirt together at the side. She wiggled her hips to make it fall to her ankles. 

"He's going through a hard time right now. He'll catch up with the payments...you'll see."

Gloria turned to face Brian, pressed her lips to his and her breasts into his chest.

"I have not crumbled. No, being a tight-assed bitch doesn't agree with my personality, but I'm doing precisely as you told me."

She tucked the receiver between he neck and shoulder, and pulled Brian's shirt over his head. 

"Isn't it in the medicine cabinet?"

Georgia held the receiver to her ear while bending down to suck on one of Brian's nipples.

"Check the bedside stand."

A second later she spoke with alarm.

"I did not bring it with me. Why would I do that?"

She was unbuckling his belt when she screamed into the phone, "Don't call me again. I'm going to take a shower and go to bed."

Brian was on his hands and knees, pulling her panties down, when he heard her continue the conversation. 

"He fucked me in my childhood bed, Curtis. The house is filthy, and I was lying in an inch of dust, but I didn't care. It was hot and we sweat like pigs. I was living a teenage fantasy and it was so good. He's eating my pussy right now and Curtis, he's going to fuck me again and this time it won't be a fantasy."

Brian looked up, horrified by what she was telling her husband. She smiled down at him, before replacing the receiver in its cradle. 

Brian got to his feet, and watched as Georgia took her purse into the bathroom. He picked up the discarded clothes, took off his pants, shorts and shoes, and pulled the bedcovers down.

They fucked twice more that night, first in the missionary position, and the second time doggy style after she sucked his cock. She tried to get him to stay the night, but understood when he reminded her that he had young children.

Brian knew breakfast was out of the question the next morning as soon as he saw her coming out of the bathroom. He started stripping off his clothes the second she dropped the towel.

She would have stayed another day if he hadn't reminded her that she would have to call Curtis to let him know. 

He took some satisfaction during their second time that morning, telling himself that he was not only fucking Curtis' wife, he was also fucking the daughter of the man that had fucked him. He thrust deeper and stronger, making Georgia gasp when he came to the realization that Mr. Bennett had secured his daughter's future by getting Brian and Peggy to pay a price he would not have been able to realize from any other buyer.

"You hurt me, Brian," she said, when he shot his sperm inside her pussy.

"That was me you were fucking, not Nelson. Anyway, I thought you liked it rough."

"I do like it rough. It didn't hurt that badly. Do we have time for once more?"

Brian laughed. "Hurry, we're going to have to break the speed limit as it is," he said, slapping her on the ass. She made a pouting face before dashing to the bathroom.

They were en-route to the airport when he asked her if Curtis was still on the line when she was describing the filthy room where they had acted out her fantasy.

"I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid. He would kill me. He accused me of bringing my diaphragm with me," she said in a gleeful voice.

"I heard. How are you going to explain where it was?"

Georgia opened her purse, lowered the car window, and threw the diaphragm onto the busy road. "I guess I lost it," she said, giggling like a schoolgirl. 

"He won't find out what we did, will he?" Brian asked, not really giving a shit if Curtis found out that he had fucked his wife.

"He'll raise hell when I tell him that I don't know what happened to my diaphragm, but he'll never know about last night and this morning."

"I'm glad that you got to live your high school fantasy."

"Thank you for helping me. I guess you know why I did it. I hope my father was watching."

"I hope he was, too," Brian said. "He was always good to us until the end. I guess you know he screwed me on the deal."

Georgia was quiet for a few seconds. "I have some money that Curtis doesn't know about. I'll use some of it to make your August payment. That will be my special gift to you, but don't expect me to ever do it again."

Brian was overwhelmed. "Thank you, Georgia."

"Thank you, Brian, for making my pussy so sore I won't want to fuck Curtis for a month."

They laughed, and kissed farewell at the terminal, knowing that they would never see each other again.

That afternoon, Brian took the kids to the cemetery, and they each spoke silently to Peggy. Brian thought he heard her laugh, and imagined that she said, "That was a profitable night. I told you that you were worth more than twenty-nine hundred and fifty dollars."

Her voice began to fade, and Brian realized that she was focusing her attention on Amanda and Phillip.