 "Good," Mike thought, glancing at his watch as he rushed through the door. It was 11:17 am. Lunch was always crowded at the Chic-Fil-A. Arriving after 11:20 would ensure that there would be no place to sit. He enjoyed eating here and did so often. The food was good, and it was nice to get out of the office for a little while. The people there would dive him crazy if he didn't get some time away from them.

Mike stood in line, waiting to order his food and attempting to let the thoughts clear out of his head, but not quite succeeding. He needed a less stressful job. But who didn't? And it wasn't like there were a lot of jobs available these days. And even though the people at work drove him nuts, they were his friends and he liked them.

"Take your order sir?" said a voice, interrupting his soul searching.

"Number one combo with a diet coke," Mike answered out of habit. He always got the same thing. He liked it and not having to choose was nice.

Mike took his lunch and found one of the smaller, two seat tables. He unwrapped his sandwich and started opening packs of ketchup for his waffle fries. He needed about 8 packs, which was a little annoying. He wished they would just put a bottle of ketchup on the table so he wouldn't have to fuss with all the little packets. Mike wondered if requiring you to open a new packet for every other fry was their way of reducing ketchup consumption. Mike laughed at himself. Ketchup packaging really wasn't such a big deal in the grand scheme of life.

As Mike finished his preparations, he looked up and noticed a woman walking by. She was pretty, short and a bit plump, just as he liked. She was looking around for a place to sit, but even with out looking, he knew she wasn't going to find one. He toyed with the idea of asking her to sit down. It was a gamble. He really enjoyed his lunches alone. It was his only chance to escape the insanity at work and have a little 'alone time.' If he asked her and she turned out to be difficult to talk to he would regret it, no matter how pretty she was. Mike debated the pros and cons as she passed his table. Wow! What an ass she had on her. "Excuse me, are you looking for a place to sit?"

"Oh thank you!" she replied, turning back around to face him. She had answered before she had really looked at him. Now she was sizing him up. She seemed to like what she saw. "Hi, my name is Marie," she said as she extended her hand. Mike stood up as he took it.

"It's nice to have some company." Mike answered, hoping he was right. "Besides, I hate to see people with no place to sit. I don't think I have ever seen you in here have I?"

"No, I'm driving down to Atlanta to see my parents. I just got hungry and decided to stop. I take it you are a regular here?"

Mike was pleased. He enjoyed good conversation, but he couldn't have one with just anyone. He had often wished he were one of those people who seemed to be able to have lively chats with brick walls, but he was not. He needed someone who could carry their end of things. Marie did that well. It made talking to her a delight rather than a chore. This was definitely better than eating alone.

Marie finished her sandwich and she had not ordered any fries. Mike had been too involved with listening to her to eat many of his. "Want some fries?" he asked her. She nodded and reached for one of his fries. He reached into the fries first, which kept Marie from getting any. She looked confused like she thought she had misunderstood the offer. "Do you like ketchup?" Mike asked. She nodded, but still looked confused. Mike took a fry and dipped it into his ketchup, and raised it to her mouth.

Now she didn't look confused anymore. She closed her eyes and bit into the end of the fry. He pulled her across the table with it. Then he stopped and let her eat the fry. She opened her eyes and slowly consumed it, making sure she took his fingers into her mouth. Giving him not so subtle ideas as she sucked and licked them clean. She looked him straight in the eye as she did it, as if daring him to blink. Definitely better than eating alone.

He fed her another one and she repeated the performance. He took a third fry and made sure he got some ketchup on her neck. She leaned her head over as soon as she felt it. Mike stretched over the table and put his lips on her neck. She made the most heavenly noises when he did. He gently nibbled on her neck and he felt her shudder.

Suddenly she stiffened and sat up. "Be good," she half commanded and half pleaded. "We can't do this. This isn't the place. I wish it were. I... I should go now."

Mike didn't want her to go, but he didn't see many other options. He had to to back to work, and she had to go to Atlanta. And they we sitting in a Chic-Fil-A, hardly the most intimate place in the world. He resigned himself to the fact that she was about to leave. At least he was going to get a goodbye kiss. He stood up and walked over to her. She stood as well.

"Thank you for sharing your table," she said as she looked into his eyes. It was a sweet thing to say, and with it she had managed to convey a complex message. It was an olive branch. An apology for stopping what had been going on and a request to part on good terms.

He wasn't sure if the appropriate thing to do would be to shake her hand or to hug her. But he knew what he wanted to do. He pressed his lips to her's, not knowing how she would react. He felt her open her mouth. He brushed his lips across her face, nibbled on her eyebrow for a second and then lightly bit her on the neck.

"Be good," she whispered, "we are in the middle of Chic-Fil-A". But her eyes were closed and she had moved her head so that her neck was exposed to him.

Mike put his hands on her sides. He touched her lightly, just caressing the sides of her body under the bottom of her blouse. He liked the way she responded to his touch as he ran his fingers up and down.

"Be good," she whispered. "We cant do this here."

"Walk me to my car?" Mike inquired. Mike started to walk and she followed. He looked back at her and all he felt was lust. It had been a long time since he had felt like that. He just saw her and wanted her, wanted her so much it scared him.

Mike reached the car and opened the drivers door and got it. He didn't close the door. Marie bent down and kissed him again. She was in no hurry to leave either. She was facing him and his hands were exploring her body, or at least the parts he could reach. He reached around her and slid a hand down her back and below her waistline.

She straightened up. "Be good," she told him. "You cant put your hand down my pants while everyone is walking around in the parking lot!"

"Well walk around and hop in the other door," he replied, hoping she would comply. She did. As soon as she was in he grabbed her and pulled her to himself and started kissing her again. She could kiss. It surprised him how good it felt. Actually, this whole thing surprised him. He had never picked up a girl at a fast food place before, and it had been 20 years since he had made out in a car. Of course he knew a lot more about what he was doing than he had 20 years ago. One of the things he had learned in those 20 years was that you could kiss with your eyes open. So he could see her gorgeous ass while he kissed her. He put is hand on her back and slid it under her panties. She bit his lip. It felt good. He slid his fingers between those beautiful cheeks. She was wet. He slid his fingers further down until he found the source of that wetness. Then he slid a finger inside.

She pulled her lips from his. "Please be good," she begged, "we are going to get caught."

Mike had every intention of being good, though perhaps not in the sense that she meant it. Or maby she did. Her words said one thing, but she made no effort to pull away from him. Her body definitely liked this. Mike was going to listen to her body.

He slid in another finger and she bit his lip again and pulled his lip to her. Damn she was erotic.

Mike pulled his fingers out and slowly slid them back up, searching for the hole he had missed on the way down. He found it. His fingers were lubricated with her juices. He slid one in her asshole and one back into her pussy.

"Be good be good be good".

Mike almost listened to her. He actually started to remove his fingers but he felt the shudder that ran through her body when he did. So she liked being finger fucked. He could oblige her. In and out he pushed his fingers. Marie was not kissing him any more. She had her head in his lap. If they hadn't been in a fucking parking lot, Mike was sure she would be taking him in her mouth.

He felt her body tighten. He could feel her heart beat with the fingers he had buried inside her. She came. She did it well, with a nice moan and muscle spasm. It was so erotic to watch her do that. Mike thought they were finished, but when he started to take his fingers out he felt the same shudder he had the first time. So they repeated the scene again. And again. And again.

Finally she sat up. "Please be good, I have to go." Mike kissed her as he removed his hand from her pants. She shuddered again. He ignored it even though her body was telling him it would be happy for him not to. She got out of the car and walked back around to his side. She leaned through the window and kissed him. Not a peck on the cheek kiss, but a "If we weren't in a parking lot I would fuck you till you couldn't see" kiss. She whispered in his ear, "Thank you for sharing your table."

Mike grabbed her as she turned to leave, fumbled through his wallet and handed her his business card. "No, the pleasure is all mine. Please call me the next time you are in town." She flashed him a huge smile and walked to her car.

Mike sat there as she drove away, thinking about what had just happened. Definitely better than eating alone.