 "You know how hard it is to get a good fuck in this city?" 

She was rubbing her bare leg against mine as we sat side by side at the bar. I knew she was drunk - very drunk - by her provocative conversation. Sex and men, men and women, women and sex. 

"You have a girlfriend? A wife maybe?" she asked, putting her manicured hand on mine, feeling where my wedding ring should be. 

She giggled and knocked back the rest of her vodka, the third that I'd bought her. Her ample tits jiggled in her tight spaghetti strap dress and I watched her strand of fake pearls nestle into her cleavage. 

"No, not me. I'm free and easy," I replied. "A wife wouldn't let me out to meet sexy women like you," I grinned. 

I could have taken this girl home with me an hour ago. But what I enjoy most is flirting in public with bimbos who like to flaunt their sexy bodies. Seeing what they'll dare to do in front of other people is always, for me, the best prelude to sex. 

"She'd hate the thought of me admiring those pearls, for example," I added, with a wink. 

"You like them?" she asked, toying with the pearls that had wedged between her tanned breasts. 

"They look great against your skin," I whispered, as I leaned forward and, with a finger, pushed one of her straps down off her shoulder and then ran my finger up her neck. 

"You're tickling me!!" she laughed, turning to bite my finger gently. Then the bite turned into a suck, an advertisement, perhaps, of what her tongue and lips could do. The couple sitting opposite us at the bar were watching us with interest, as things heated up. 

"Mmmm, that's nice!" I said softly, as I extracted my finger and ran it down her cheek. I kept it going down the other shoulder, leaning across her, and loosened her other strap also. She gave no opposition to the slender thread sliding down, so my finger kept going, caressing the pearls at her neck and, then slowly, those lower down as well. 

She threw her head back, showing me the long arch of her neck. I kissed her ear, but my finger kept going down, down. Finally I could feel the soft flesh of her breasts. I coiled the strand of pearls around a finger and, with my other fingertips, gently stroked her breasts through her dress. 

"You've got stunning breasts," I whispered, "and nibbling on this ear is kinda fun, too." I think she knew I'd pulled the straps down far enough to almost show her nipples, so she sat upright and turned to me. 

"Wouldn't we be more comfortable somewhere else?" she asked, looking down with mild surprise, but not adjusting her dress at all. 

"I'd like to show you off a little, if I may," I said. 

I often say this to flirtatious women like her; usually, they respond by asking me what I mean. I'd usually say something like, "I think you're exceptionally beautiful and I'd like it if others could appreciate it as well." About half the time, they're fine with it and go along with me. After all, I usually pick slightly 'slutty' women to flirt with; women who were already showing a lot of leg or cleavage. 

"Well . . .," she paused a little and bit her lower lip. "Just a little, OK?" 

I nibbled her ear again and kissed lower on her neck. My hand returned to her pearls and, this time, moved inside the tight fabric of her dress. No bra, and her nipple was hard as I tweaked it. I stretched the fabric to peek at the curve of her breast and the dark erect nipple. 

The barman here knew me well, as this was a regular pick-up joint for bimbos and wannabes. He moved in for a look, making like he was just collecting glasses. "Another drink here?" he asked, smiling. 

She opened her eyes and, realizing my hand was inside her dress still, pulled away, slightly alarmed. "Umm, no, not for me," she stammered. 

"We'll have two more," I countered. "Thanks, Ian," I winked. "Don't worry about him," I went on. "He's a good friend." My hand went back inside her dress and, this time she made no objection. I also started unzipping the front of her dress. 

"Hey!" she said softly, and put her hand on mine. "Naughty!" she giggled. 

"C'mon," I said, "It's dark in here and nobody's watching." As I said this I glanced across the bar and saw the other couple still eyeing us closely. 

Ian brought our drinks and she picked hers up, emptying her glass with one long swallow. "Well, with that in me, why not?" she giggled and reached for her own zipper. Her slim hand with its painted crimson nails slowly slid the zipper down a tantalizing inch. 

"Very nice," I whispered. "That deserves a kiss!" I added, as I planted a juicy one on her lips. 

"Can I have another one?" she asked, after I pulled away. 

"Sure," I said, and motioned with a nod to her zipper. 

Her hand took the zipper and, very slowly, undid another inch and more, as she looked me directly in the eye. Her already low-cut dress was now open nearly to her waist, totally exposing her tits, which jiggled nicely as she wiggled on her seat. 

I kissed her again, this time a bit longer. She moaned loudly as her body twisted towards me. Again, I pulled away first and sat up straight, looking her up and down. 

"How many more kisses are left in this zipper?" she giggled, running her finger down the front of her dress. The zipper ran all the way to the hem and it was now undone to below her breasts, showing the top of her tanned belly. 

"Well, that depends on what you've got underneath it," I winked, grinning. 

"You are incredibly wicked!" she giggled, as Ian came back again to get her now empty glass. 

I reached towards her zipper once more, imagining she'd stop me. But she didn't. I took the zipper in my fingers and looked her in the eye, smiling. 

Zzzzzzziiiiiipppppp. 

I pulled down, down, down. As I undid it all the way, I got a look at her lacy string bikini, the front just big enough to cover her neatly trimmed bush, and the back just nicely framed a very luscious ass. 

"Well?" she asked, when the dress had come completely apart. It hung on her by the shoulder straps alone and she wriggled her arms free and let the dress float to the floor below. 

Ian and several others along with a few couples were now watching her, sitting there in just her platform shoes and a pair of tiny, lacy panties. Her voluptuous hips and ample tits glowed golden in the dim lighting of the bar. 

"I think I'd like another drink!" she giggled, pushing her tits out. Ian quickly went off to make them, while I admired her - both for her body and for her courage. 

"You look absolutely superb!" I whispered, caressing the velvet skin of one breast as I leaned forward to kiss her. She met my kiss hotly, pressing and twisting her nearly naked body against me. 

"Let's go!" she whispered. "I'm so hot and horny I could explode right here!!" 

People had stopped their conversations to watch her and Ian soon returned with two more vodkas. "These are on the house," he said; stopping to admire her heavy breasts with their dark, erect nipples. 

Again, she picked up her drink and in a single long swallow, it was gone. That made five, or was it six? I'd lost count myself of how much we'd drank. 

Other guys were starting to walk past and grab at her butt, which she largely ignored them. But, I could see that if I didn't get us out of here soon, my plans for the night might not work out the way I'd imagined. 

"OK, I think we should go," I whispered, pressing my lips against the wisp of hair at her temple. 

I got off my stool and reached down for her dress, which lay crumpled on the floor. As I offered it to her, I could feel it was slightly damp from having lain in some spilled drinks. 

"I'm sorry, I think it got a bit damp," I started to apologize. 

"Hey, don't worry," she slurred, as she started to pull it on. 

"I'll help you," I offered, seeing that she was going to have trouble putting it on. She slid off her stool and stood, swaying slightly, so I could help her with the dress. I deliberately zipped it up just to her waist, enough to cover her, but not enough to conceal her jiggling tits. 

"It's not zipped up!" she murmured, as she leaned against me. 

The thought of walking out onto the street with a half-naked drunk slut made me feel incredibly horny, so I zipped her up just a fraction more and tugged the loose top around those luscious globes, still swinging freely and mostly exposed. 

"There!" I said. "Let's look for a cab." I left a generous tip for Ian and ushered her towards the door, feeling every eye in the place following us. 

In her platform heels, she stumbled out onto the street, to the obvious astonishment of a couple of passers-by, who looked around to glance at her wobbling cleavage. 

"I can't walk in these shoes!" she complained, as she clung to my arm. Her lipstick had smudged a little and her hair was mussed; with her tits nearly hanging out and her tottering on her heels, she looked every bit the trashy bimbo. 

"Hang onto me, honey. You'll be alright," I reassured her, as we moved along slowly. I wanted her to look even more wanton and sluttish so I slid my hand under her dress and up to the waistband of her panties. 

"Oh," she moaned. "What are you doing?" 

"Just a little adjustment!" I laughed, as I pulled her underwear down her generous butt. "You'll be more comfortable walking without this." 

Her slinky little panties slipped down her butt and hung on her thighs as she tried to keep walking. "You'll have to step out of them," I suggested. 

She said nothing but simply stopped and lifted one foot, then the other, until she was free of her underwear. I took the panties and stuffed them into my pocket, feeling their sodden wetness, and led her slowly along. 

"Much further to go?" she murmured. "Let's go home. Fuck. I wanna fuck." 

All of the people we passed could see her breasts swaying almost openly through her unzipped dress, but few would have noticed that she was now pantyless, as her dress was just barely long enough to cover her pussy. 

"Here's the taxi stand," I said, pulling her to a halt near a bench. It had started to develop a bit of fog with the late night air, but it was a well-lit area, with about half-a-dozen other people waiting for cabs. 

They all stared, with one middle-aged lady saying, "Is she alright? She looks in a bad way!" 

"A couple too many," I smiled, trying to act the chivalrous gentleman. "Just taking her home before she really collapses." 

"Mmmmm," she murmured, leaning into me with her warm tits. "I wanna fuck. Fuck me," she said softly. 

The middle-aged lady was listening and was, I think, a little shocked at what she heard. "You better take her home, son. You take the first cab that comes, OK?" 

I wondered whether to zip up her dress and make her 'decent' while we waited, but I decided against it. She kept murmuring and whispering things as she leaned into me and wriggled her hips provocatively. 

"Is she OK?" the interfering lady asked me, as the other bystanders watched. "What's she been drinking, anyway? Why don't you zip her up a bit, too?" 

"She's OK. Really," I said with the straightest face I could manage. The middle-aged lady kept on looking her up and down. 

Several cabs had gone by, all with passengers. Suddenly, the wriggling in my arms got stronger and her moans got a bit louder. She leaned up and started kissing me amorously, as one leg wound up and around my hip. 

"I want to fuck," she said louder. "C'mon. C'mon." 

With her leg up like that, I knew that the other people waiting could see her incredible ass and, perhaps, even her pussy, from behind. I was incredibly turned on by this and, if it weren't for the meddling lady, would probably have encouraged her a bit more. 

"Hey, hey," I whispered, "We're at a taxi stand. We'll be in a cab soon. Home soon, OK?" I pushed her leg down again, so she tottered on her heels once more. 

She looked up at me, with a pretend injured look on her face. Then she grinned impishly and her hand went to her zipper. "Look!" she whispered, as she started to pull her zipper down again. 

I was so captivated by the thought of her stripping right here in public that I made no move, no sound. I wasn't about to stop her! Her slim hand pulled the zipper down until her tits sprang free. She looked down at them with obvious approval. 

"Kiss me!" she ordered, with a slightly slurred voice. I felt as if someone else was controlling my body and, obediently, leaned down to meet her wet lips. She tried to weld our lips together with the hottest kiss I had ever experienced! 

As we continued the kiss, I could feel her hand pulling that zipper the rest of the way down. She let her dress fall open at the front, and pressed hard against me. The feel of her ripe full breasts with their hard nipples aroused me tremendously and I snuck a look at the people around us, all of them watching. 

"Go, girl!" said a young guy, standing with his buddies, who then started cheering her on. 

I knew that her loosely hanging dress shielded the back of her body from view, at least for as long as she remained tight against me. We continued to kiss as she rubbed her breasts against my chest. 

"Hey! You two!! For goodness sakes!!" It was the middle-aged woman again. "Here's your cab. Quick! GO!" 

I saw a cab had come to the curb and the rear passenger door was open. "Let's go, babe!" I whispered, as I disentangled her from me. I thought of zipping her up, but then decided to give these people a free show instead. So, taking her hand, I led her the half-dozen steps to the waiting cab and helped her in. Her dress trailed behind her as she walked, the thin spaghetti straps slid off her shoulders and down her arms, and she shook it free to flutter into a pool of fabric on the damp late night ground, her bare tits jiggling saucily as she passed the assembled people, most of them too stunned to do anything but gape. 

"Thanks!" I smiled to the middle-aged woman as I slid into the cab's back seat. I pulled the door closed after us and gave the startled cab driver my address. 

"We'll be there in just a few minutes," I whispered to her, as I pulled her close to me and kissed her in the darkness. 

"Good!" she murmured. "I'm going to fuck you stupid, but without an audience," she whispered, her voice was clear and steady, betraying no hint of her previous drunkenness. The city lights glistened through the windows of the speeding cab, shining on her bare skin, highlighting her nakedness as she cuddled in my arms and teased my cock to full hardness. 

As we sped across the four blocks to my apartment, the thought passed over my mind, "Oh SHIT! What have I gotten myself into this time?"