 Stage: cottage by lake, picnic for two soon to be lovers

Cast: you and me

We went to cottage to have picnic and to get to know each other. Never knowing how well we would know each other by end of the day.

We had been swimming for most of the morning so we are hot and hungry. I'm wearing my new bikini, hoping to look good enough to eat. You're in black swim trunks. We had decided to go up to the cottage, to get picnic from the car and to grab a blanket to sit on.

Once at the car (neither of us knows who started it) we started to kiss. At first hesitant, gauging reaction and seeing what felt best. After several long minutes of this play we are getting thoroughly aroused and know we are going to either have to stop or finish what we have started.

I decide to hold off and say so, as I'm leaning into car to grab the basket. You are ok with this but decide to grab one last kiss to hold on to. As I stand up and turn towards you, I'm pulled into your arms and kissed with a thoroughness I'd never felt before.

By mutual consent we decide we cannot wait and get bolder in our caresses of one another's bodies. Deciding to catch my breath I turn away and lean on the car. While I'm leaning over you start to run your hands over my shoulders, around to my breasts. Slowly as if weighing them you lift them and mold them with your palms and fingers. Running the nipple between your fingers as you slowly kiss around my neck to the sensitive skin behind my ears. 

Then slowly your hands run down my body. Massaging and caressing as you go, kissing a trail down my back. You slowly mold my ass with your hands loving the sounds coming from my throat, as I tell you not to stop in a breathless whisper. Dropping to one knee you slowly run you r fingers along he line of my bikini, inching under them so you can move them out of your way. Pulling my hips back you start to kiss my thighs and lick me slowly to the very base of opening. 

Spreading me with your fingers you start a slow torturous licking up one side and then back to repeat on each side, by this time I'm begging you to find my opening and to lick me faster. Your in no mood for fast yet thou and decide to keep up the slow methodical loving. Inch-by-Inch you work towards my clit, once there you slowly suck it into your mouth and gently push two fingers into my warm wet opening. Thrusting them in time to the licks and sucks on my clit till I can barely stand with the pleasure you has delivered to me. 

All at once it is too much you need to be buried in me. Standing you press me to a bent position, and remove your trunks, then you ease your fat hard cock into my tight passage inch by inch. Going slowly at first you take your time burying into me, then withdrawing, knowing I'm liable to burst with my orgasm any second. You can feel the muscles in me tightening and pulsing around you. Building up speed you pull my hair back to look into my passion glazed eyes. I kiss you and beg you to finish me hard. Faster and harder you pump into me, crushing me to the car grinding into the back of me, I can feel your body smacking my ass as we build to the summit of ecstasy.

Finally you know I can barely stand it and pump hard and deep into me repeatedly until I shower you shaft with my cum, and let out a moan as you've never heard before. Trembling and quaking I squeeze my muscles to milk your cock and make you come in me with the power of a hurricane. 

Spent we both collapse onto the car and slowly separate, and begin to catch our breathe.

Next chapter at later time