 Karen picked up and replaced the phone on the handset seven times before she finally dialed Marc's number. For days now she had been trying to garner the courage to call him and invite him on a picnic. It was stupid really, her nervousness. They had been dating for five months and finally slept together 3 weeks ago. Even though Marc had not said anything, she knew that he was disappointed in the sex. It was good, but she knew he was used to lovers who were more open and forward than she was. Finally, she decided to do something about it. 

A trip to the "Human Sexuality" section of her local Barnes and Nobles had given her some ideas. What began as a "flip through a book" minute turned into five hours of reading sex manual after sex manual. She knew that the attendants must have though it strange for a person to lounge in the corner of a bookstore for hours – reading sex manuals. The college student with a pimply face had given her quite a few questioning looks. At first, Karen was self-conscious, but soon she decided that part of becoming comfortable with her sexuality meant letting go of her anxiety about what others thought of her. Now she was ready to show Marc the woman inside her. . . .

A week later, Karen sat at a picnic table in a secluded area of the park adjacent to her apartment complex. She hadn't driven over, but walked through the hole the neighborhood children had put in the fence. As it was after hours, the sun sank below the horizon, leaving a trail of orange red fire in the sky. From what Lisa, her seventeen year-old neighbor had told her, this spot was safe from the prying eyes of the local police. Nervously, Karen transferred the items in her gingham lined picnic basket to the blanket on the leave-cushioned ground. Candlesticks, matches, wineglasses, a bottle of White Zinfandel, assorted crackers, cheese, a bowl of strawberries, and whipped cream. 

To tell the truth, she didn't even know how to go about using half the stuff she had. She had rented a porn from the corner video store, hoping to get some tips. Scenes from the movie shot before her eyes – a woman, legs wide open, masturbating herself while man rammed his dick down her throat, a man fucking a woman doggie style. Her skin began to tingle as sweat beads formed on her forehead and slowly trickled down the valley of her lush double D breasts. Releasing a low moan, Karen pulled the wine bottle out of the bucket and place it on her forehead. Mmmmmmmmmm - cool. The bottle followed the path down her breast to encircle dark nipples. Karen gasped at the feel of the cold bottle against her now pert nipples. Just as she was beginning to enjoy herself, she heard the rustling sound of leaves. 

Marc stepped into the canopy of trees. Warmth flooded Karen's face as she thought about how wanton her actions looked. "Stop it," she reminded herself. The point of this picnic was to revel in her sexuality, not hide it. A slight smile tilted her lips as she greeted Marc on a breathy "Hi."

"Hi back. What's all this?"

"Well, its our six month anniversary. I know I have been acting kind of weird lately so I decided to make it up to you with this picnic."

"What do you mean weird?"

"Marc, you don't have to hide you feel to because you don't want to hurt my feelings. I know that you are not satisfied with our sex life. Things are okay, but I know that your previous lovers were better than I am. That's part of the reason why I can't open up in bed. I keep thinking that you are comparing me to them."

"Karen," Marc sighed heavily as he stooped down to face her, "you know that's not true. You are the most sensual woman I have met. You just need to explore your sexuality more. Then, I believe, you won't have any hang ups receiving or giving yourself as well as me pleasure."

Karen reached for Marc's hand, pulling him on to the blanket with her. Her breath caught in her throat as she boldly drew his right hand into her cleavage, "Well, I think this is the perfect place. I have all that we need. Wine, whipped cream, ice, me. . . " Letting her voice trailed, Karen pushed Marc's hand to the first button on her blouse. At first, he was shocked. Marc had never seen this side of Karen before. It was both exciting and alarming. Like an obedient puppy he slowly unbuttoned her blouse, interspersing petal soft kisses between each flick of his finger. After he had removed her blouse, Karen pushed him unto the blanket then unclasped the front closure of her bra. She reached over his body, she took the can of whipped cream and a strawberry. 

"Remember the research I told you about? I did most of it at Barnes & Nobles. " 

She pulled the red cap off the can.

"Did you know that sexologists maintain that the best way to get pleasure out of lovemaking is to learn how to pleasure yourself?"

Marc opened his mouth to answer. 

"No," a soft finger upon his lips, "Don't talk. Just listen."

Marc's swallowed before nodding yes.

Karen inserted the strawberry half-way into her mouth and sucked it. After pulling it out, her tongue encircled her lips.

"Mmmmm…. Delicious. "

"Yes," Marc thought, "as delicious as your lips could be on my hard dick."

She shook the can of whipped cream and sprayed a dollop on the end tip of the strawberry. Drawing the strawberry to her a breast, she continued to speak a voice that was getting lower and throaty.

" I need to touch myself. Experience different sensations. Learn what feels better on, say my breasts for instance. Do I like them to be suckled gently? Nipped? Licked? Or bitten? Do I want them to be squeezed or molded?" 

As she talked, Karen cupped a breast with one hand while she encircled the aureole with the frosted strawberry. 

"And how would I feel if you were to ease your dick between them? Your pre-cum dripping down the valley between them, making it easier for your hardness to slide, slide up, closer to my tongue?"

The strawberry slid between her breast, leaving a creamy trail on its way to her mouth. By this time, Marc had gotten decidedly uncomfortable in his pants. Suddenly they felt two sizes too small. He shifted, trying to find a more comfortabe position. Who was he kidding? The only comfortable place for his dick right now was in Karen's mouth. Seeing his discomfort, Karen leaned over.

"Poor baby. Are you hot? Are you thirsty? Don't worry, I'll take care of you."

Within less than a minute, she had taken laid the strawberry on the blanket, taken off his shirt, and unbuckled his pants. As she unzipped him, her hand surreptitiously brushed along his dick.

"Mmmmm. I see you're getting hot. Maybe a little wine will help cool you down." 

As Karen reached for the wine bottle, Marc tried to figure out a delicate way to tell her that wine was the last thing on his mind. Then he remembered Karen's previous directions to be quiet and thought better of it. She had already opened the bottle. But, instead of pouring the wine in a glass, she slowly tilted the bottle toward her chest and let the liquid flow, creating a river of bubbles between her breasts. Salivating, Marc reached for Karen, only to be pushed away. 

"No, this is my fantasy." She pulled his head toward her cleavage, positioning Marc's mouth center of the bubbles. Just being next to her supple skin, feeling the warmth of her body, and realizing how close he was to having those dark nipples in his mouth almost made Marc cream his pants. He could feel pre-cum seeping through the fabric of his jockeys. "Damn, how long will I last? At this rate I'll come when I touch her."

Karen sensed Marc's impatience. Maybe the hot steel rod between his legs gave him away. Maybe it was his quickened breathing. Maybe it was the way his lower body jerked toward her abdomen. She decided to put him out of his misery. "Lick," was the single word command. Boy did Marc comply. Hot tongue snaked out of wet mouth and met smooth flesh. His tongue traced a path from her collarbone to the underside of one breast, only to go up, repeat the path and pay homage to her full sister. Trembling hands reached up to cushion each breast, while the movement of his tongue grew slowly more pronounced, less delicate. Licks became nibbles. Nibbles became tiny bites. The space between legs grew wet. She knew that the blanket must also be at his point, for she had not worn underwear. What had started out as an experiment in self-exploration, became a struggle for self-control. How could she maintain her plan if she was losing it? 

"Plan? " Karen chastised herself, "that was your problem in the first place Karen James. Everything does not have to be "perfect". Maybe the best sex was spontaneous sex. Let lose girl, go for it."

That said, Karen poured her soul into a wild search for pleasure. Grabbing his head between two shaky hands, Karen brought Marc's mouth to hers. She nibbled on his lips as if begging to be let in. As soon as he obliged, her hot tongue swept the roof of his mouth before it joined his in a fierce encounter. Twirl, suck, thrust, parry! Twirl, suck, thrust, parry! Boldly, Quickly, their tongues imitated rough, sizzling, sex. Karen drew her breast across Marc's chest before pulling away, desperate for a gasp of air. "My God! He's eating me alive." Little did she know how accurately her thoughts echoed Marc's. His hands convulsively tightened on her thighs as he imagined what he would do her. He wanted to suckle her breast until he could draw every sound of pleasure and want imaginable out of her. He wanted to slide his cock between the two hills until they reached the moist heat of her mouth. He wanted to titty fuck her, ramming his dick so far down her throat that she gagged on his cum. He wanted to eat her pussy, lick her clit until she screamed. He wanted to fuck her in the ass. Sheath his dick into tight hole, and feel nothing but ecstasy as her muscles milked his cock. 

The more Marc thought, the rougher his hands got. Karen drew his head toward a breast begging, "Lick them baby. Suck my titties until I scream your name." Marc wasted no time in obeying her request. At the touch of his tongue on her nipple, Karen nearly choked on a gasp. A fire had started in her body, and it all seemed to be centered in one place – her pussy. She gyrated against Marc's dick. Silently pleading to be filled. Ignoring her, his hand replaced his mouth while he transferred his attention to her other breast. "Ohhhhh! Mmmmm, " moaning and gyrating, Karen pleaded with him. 'Marc, please, I want your dick. My pussy is wet for you. My clit is so hard. Baby . . . please, can you just rub your cock on it to make me feel better?" Who was he to deny a woman in distress? 

Marc pushed her back. Karen hurriedly pulled her skirt above her waist and opened herself to Marc. Peering between her legs, he saw the moisture of her pussy juices dripping, hanging saturated curls, as if saying "the only way you can save me is to lick me." His nostrils flared as he bent closer and smelled her heat. Damn, he wanted to tear into her pussy. He would eat her alive if he could. Bending closer still, Marc's tongue reached between her trembling thighs, just brushing over curls. When his head came up, he mouth glistened with Karen's juices. Staring at this, Karen was so turned on that she pushed his head back toward her snatch, commanding, "Lick my pussy. Fuck my cunt with your tongue until I come." 

After experiencing the thrill that came just from feeling his breath on her pussy and his tongue on her curls, the simple rubbing of his dick just would not do. Marc pushed her legs even wider open. Leaning forward on his knees, his fingers dove between the curls, searching for her clit. It was easy to find the hard nub. He flicked back and forth before giving it a quick lick. Karen gasped and pushed her hips forward. Two quick licks. She bucked forward, grabbing his shoulders. A slow suck. "Mmmmmmmm. Ohhhhhhh!" Her moans were his reactions to her taste. Marc began a fast rhythm. Lick, suck, flick. Lick, suck, flick. Lick, suck, flick. The faster he went the faster Karen's hips moved. Soon she was so out of control that he had to grasp her hips to hold her in place. His tongue twirled a slow circle around her clit. Smoooooth. "Ahhhhhhh. More baby. More." 

Around, around. Faster, faster. His tongue. Her hips. Around, around. Faster, faster. His tongue. Her hips. Soon the heat that had concentrated itself in her groin traveled down Karen's legs. They trembled. Liquid fire traveled down to her toes. Karen dug her fingers into Marc shoulders, trying to breathe, trying to stop her body's loss of control, and trying to come at the same time. Sensing her confusion, Marc increased frequency. This time, he alternated the twirl around her clit with the quick lick, suck, flick. As he felt Karen's body tightening, he tongue slid downward. He thrust his tongue into her pussy hole just as Karen flexed her muscles and stiffened her legs. "Arrrgghh. Oh My God. Marc! Arrrgghhhhhhhhh! Marc!" On those words, Karen's juices seeped into his mouth.

"Uhhhh, uhhhhhh." Karen's satisfied pants filled the night air, her body draped over Marc's shoulders. My God, she had never felt so good. Her body was a mass of sensations. She shivered. She burned. She sizzled. Marc lifted himself from between her legs, drawing his fingers down her thighs as he did so. Karen trembled as tiny shockwaves skipped across her fiery flesh. 

"Marc, I have never felt so fulfilled after an orgasm. I don't know what you did differently, but when can we do it again?" 

Laughing softly, Marc denied that he had done anything different. "It was you Karen. You opened your self up. In giving me pleasure, you got so turned on that the sexual energy you had been hiding just rushed out, came out."

"Ha, I came all right. But what about you?" Karen's hand encircled Marc's cock. "I want to make you feel good too. Tell me what I can do for you."

Marc did not even have to waste time thinking about it. As much as he loved blowjobs, he knew that right now the one thing he needed most was to put his dick in Karen's tight ass. But, no. He could not ask that of her. Even though she was exploring new things, it was too soon to ask that of her. Because he took so long to answer, the newer, bolder, Karen decided to take matters into her own hands. She wet a finger in her mouth. She started to caress his dick by gently gliding her finger up and down his hard length. "You know what else I read in the book? " She did not wait for a reply before continuing. "I read that besides blow jobs and having two women at once, a man's foremost sexual fantasy is anal sex." At the mention of the last two magical words, Marc's dick pulsed under her fingers. "Is that true?"

"Yes, but I couldn't ask that of you. I don't think you're ready. And besides, we don't have lubrication." 

Karen reached into the basket with her free hand and pulled out a tube of K-Y Jelly. "We do now. Come on baby. Let me help you feel good. Let's feel good together." God, he had died and gone to heaven. Here was a woman with the sweetest pussy, the juicest breast, and a tongue of fire who wanted anal sex too. Silently, Marc took the K-Y from Karen and pushed her onto her side. Lifting her leg, he narrated his movements. "Relax. I going to lubricate you and then myself. I am pouring some K-Y on my fingers. I am inserting my finger into to ass. Slowly. Slowly. Do you feel it baby? Tell me if I'm hurting you." 

As he pushed his fingers into and out her Karen's ass, Marc's cock grew harder than he thought was possible. He felt the muscles in her ass grasping on his fingers. Closing his eyes, he imagined that it was his dick inside. A deep groan escaped from his mouth. At the sound, Karen looked up at the ecstasy on his face. Another finger joined the foray. Marc grimaced as if in pain. "Wow," Karen mused "pushing your finger in someone's ass must feel great if Marc is looking like that." Abruptly, she twisted, forcing Marc's fingers out of her body. Reaching for the K-Y, she lubricated her fingers before imitating Marc's movements. "Damn!" she thought, "It did feel great!!" Marc could only stare with mouth wide open. He had never wanted his dick up someone's ass so much before. Just watching her fingers as they moved in, out, in, out drove him crazy. The rounded mounds of flesh begged for his dick. He imagined plunging inside, his dick between trapped between the firm hills, and his whole body tightened. Saliva filled his mouth. His breath quickened. His desire became hunger. He wanted to fuck her so hard. He wanted to plunge his dick so far up her ass that it came out of her mouth. He couldn't wait any more. 

Marc pulled Karen's head toward his dick with both hands. He allowed her to suck his pulsing cock while hoping that her asshole was as warm as her mouth was moist. Marc wondered if she would suck his cock as heartily after he came inside her juicy ass. As Karen licked the pre-cum from the tip of dick, he pushed her unto the blanket, turning her around so that her back was to him. "Get on your knees. No, don't go so far up. I want to be able to massage your titties while I fuck you." The words made Karen draw a quick breath. "Don't worry. I won't hurt you." 

While Marc soothed her, he lubricated his dick. Positioning himself behind her, his hands caressed her round, firm cheeks. Damn, he couldn't wait to get in between those babies. "Hold them open for me baby." Karen complied. Marc had to force himself not to plunge inside her. Slowly, by centimeters, he inserted his dick into her asshole. Karen squirmed and made sounds of discomfort a couple of times. Each time stopped and allowed her body to get used to him. Meanwhile, Karen was marveling at how sweet the pain felt. "Maybe I'm a closet freak," she thought to herself. Marc pushed forward an inch. Heat traveled from her abdomen to her pussy. Another inch. She got wet. Another inch. Damn, she never knew a man's dick could get so hard. Another inch. "Oh my God, Marc's dick is really up my ass." Another inch. "God can I take any more? " Another inch. "Yes, yes, I can, if the feeling keeps getting better like this." 

Marc was barely holding on to his control. She was so tight. So moist. So hot. He had to stop for a minute. One more move and he would come. He could do it. He could wait a minute. He could make it last. It was not to be. By then, Karen was getting curious about what was to come next. Her pussy was pulsing. Her clit was hard. Her breast had swollen. Her nipples pert. She pushed back against him. "Baby, please give me a minute." Slowly, Marc started to in a circular motion. Clockwise. Counter clockwise. Clockwise. Counter clock wise. He reached under her to fondle her breast. "Play with your self baby. Feel how wet you are for me." Karen's fingers brushed through her curls. The mound of her palm found her clit and she started to follow Marc's rhythm. Clock wise. Counter clock wise. Marc closed his eyes. 

Darkness heightened the sensation. " Karen, I can't believe I finally have by dick up your ass. Do you know how long I have dreamed about this? I once creamed my pants having a daydream about this. I have to see how my dick looks sliding in and out of your ass." As soon as he said the words, Marc made his actions suit them. He pulled back, grasped Karen's hips and started to move. In. Out. In. Out. Damn, it was amazing how a hole so small could swallow his burgeoned dick. He especially liked to see his dick disappear between the mounds of butt. Juicy!! He thoughts, his movements, and the near-orgasmic sounds Karen was emitting drove him to the edge. The slow in, out become a fast, deep, quick, fuck. "Karen." Slam! "Repeat after me." Pull out! "Marc." Slam! "Has his dick." Pull out! "Up my ass." Slam! "And I love it." 

The frenzy had overcome Karen too. A voice she no longer recognized as hers echoed in the trees, "Marc has his dick up my ass and I love it." She even ad-libbed. "Ohhh, yes baby, fuck me hard. Ram your dick up my ass. Make me cum. Fuck me…… Fuck me…..F…. u… c……. k……..M…. e…..e…..e…. The guttural sound of Karen's voice repeating the explicit words drove Marc over the edge. His face contorted, he dug his fingers into Karen's hips, maintaining a firm grasp as he pulled back and rammed his cock up her ass all the while hoping, by some small miracle, his dick went deep enough that his cum would spew out of her mouth. "AAAAAARRRRRRHHHHHHH." Marc screamed just as Karen screamed "Me." He bucked into her as she arched her back. They came within seconds of each other. 
