 I drive to meet you--- thinking all the way in the car of you -- wanting you ---God, this will be good --- when I arrive you are standing there looking so lovely! You have very little makeup on and your hair looks so wonderful. Wearing a silky blouse, with a satin bra that lifts your breasts and you have the first button of your blouse undone so that I may see your hint of cleavage. I hop out to run around and open your door, you are surprised, but glad that I am treating you like the very beautiful woman you know you are. We hug quickly and softly, then I reach down and give you a soft quick kiss.

As we drive to a secluded spot, I reach over and put my hand on your thigh rubbing the top of it gently. I like the feel of the material and notice that your pants are of a stretch type, without a belt, just some stretch fabric tightly clinging to your sexy waist--- awwwww no dress this time -- I guess you really want to get to our picnic this time.

I drive out into the country. It is a beautiful fall day the temperature is warm, but not hot, the sky is a beautiful blue with a few high wispy clouds and the trees are in all their fall splendor. The colors are breathtaking and I remark how beautiful they are, and how the colors of your blouse and slacks compliment the fall colors. (Aren’t I sweet?) I turn and look at you, and our eyes lock for an instant before I have to drag them off of you and look at the road again --- no wrecks for us -- you reach over and take my hand and bring it to your mouth and kiss it softly and say to me, "I'm so glad we are finally getting to be together more often, we've talked, written and fantasized, but now we can see, touch, feel and be held - you will know what it will be to be mine" -- "mmmmmm" you whisper - I know that is what you wanted.

We arrive at a place a friend has told me about -- he has given me directions to a natural picnic area a few hundred yards off the dirt road we are on. I go around and open your door and help you out and you stand close, you look so beautiful I hold you -- caress you -- and feel you in my arms. I reach down with my arms open and you come toward me, coming totally together I feel your breasts and your stomach and I can feel the warmth of your pussy as you return my hug. I love the feeling of you. I look into your eyes and notice how beautiful they are, I put my lips to yours, feeling the stickiness of your lipstick, the warmth of your lips. I open my mouth just a bit and extend my tongue into your warm moist mouth. You suck it in softly and gently, making electricity run the entire length of my body and I can see satisfaction in your eyes on the effect you are having on me as my cock begins to harden against you. 

We stand totally entwined, tight as two can get, feeling the entire length of our bodies against the other ---tasting each other --- trading the taste and saliva as we continue to gently probe each other's mouth. We break apart and I can see your face is flushed and your nipples, although not rock hard, have begun to rise and become firm. "Kitten,” I say, "Come with me, we can relax and enjoy the beauty of intimacy of the day."

I go around to the back of the Seabring and take out a cooler, a small bag and an old sleeping bag that I use for padding when required --- am I a boy scout or what? I take your hand and we stroll down a path and through the woods until I see a stand of Blue Spruce nearby. We walk over to them and pass between two of the larger ones - we soon find ourselves on top of a small hill and a narrow path leading down the other side of the hill --- At the bottom of the path we arrive at a clearing with tall soft grass, around the clearing the hillside and surrounding area are filled with dogwoods, whose leaves have turned red and the branches are filled with red berries. In the center of the clearing are two large oak trees. Directly in front of the clearing is a small stream with running water and beyond the stream is the edge of the forest with the majority of the trees in different colors, truly a beautiful sight to behold --- but only second to you.

I lay out the sleeping bag between the trees and we sit down and enjoy talking to each other. Getting to know and understand the other and strengthen our bonds of friendship --- for in you, I have found a friend as well as a lover -- some one to share my passions with -- whatever they may be -- to enjoy the contrasts of life -- the excitement of each new day --and of course -- some one that needs me as I need you.

In the small bag I have brought some cheese, crackers, grapes (green and red) and from the cooler I take a chilled bottle of Chardonnay one of the bottles that you brought me - that we just never got around to opening up --- but then again -- those nights were good too -- and it did leave us this bottle for today. I open it and pour us each a glass and we enjoy the lunch and continue to talk and enjoy the time together. I pour the last glasses of wine and you comment on how your back is beginning to feel uncomfortable from sitting. I come closer to you, reach out and take your face in my hands and tell you, "Trust me lover, and let me make you feel better inside and out." I kiss you and our tongues mingle and I taste the wine on your breath and I reach down and touch your beautiful breasts from the bottom, cupping each breast in my hand while my thumb presses against your hardening nipple. They are very soft and wonderful. I pull away from your mouth and softly kiss your neck with moist kisses. I can feel Goosebumps rise on your neck and I hear a soft moan escape from your sexy lips --- mmmmmmm ---- my kisses continue down your neck to your exposed cleavage leaving a trail of moisture. I cup both of your breasts with my hands and then I unbutton the remaining buttons and pull the tails of your blouse from your pants. 

I reach around you and as I kiss you again I undo the hooks on your bra, pulling it off slowly because you have a glass of wine in your hand. We remove the bra and your breasts have escaped - doesn’t that feel good??? ---- your nipples erect and firm and they are begging me to touch and kiss them. You ask me to stop, you need to gain a little control, I take one last firm suck with a gentle nip and move back from you. "Trust me lover, let me make your back feel better." I arrange you on your stomach and from the little bag I take a tube of lotion from our favorite bath store -- I start at the top and slowly work my way down your spine and then slowly work on your shoulder blades, first the left then the right. You are lying on your elbows and enjoying the intensity and the softness of the massage and I can see the look of satisfaction on your face. You finish the wine and I put my hands around your side to your breasts. 

I take your hard nipples between the thumb and forefinger of each hand. I gently pinch your nipples and pull and kneed your breasts. You moan ever so softly and then I just cup your breasts, one in each hand, and gently massage them. Your moans are becoming a little bit louder and I can feel your heartbeat and breathing rate begin to accelerate. I roll you over and again kiss your soft warm lips, exploring your mouth with my tongue --- cradling you in one arm -- the other massaging your breast and begin to work my way down your stomach to the top of your pants. 

I pull away from your mouth and gently nuzzle your neck and ear and whisper to you: "You are so beautiful -- truly you are --- I love the way you return my kisses and respond to my caresses. Please lay with me --- like this ---- let me explore you and satisfy your desires." You respond in a breathless voice, encourage me to do it, but at the same time to be gentle and take my time. This is such a beautiful day -- and we both want to make it last -- the birds chirp -- the breeze in the trees -- the smells of the countryside -- and you in my arms --HEAVEN

I release myself from you and begin to suck and kiss your breasts while my hand enters your waistband and continues exploring downward toward your nest. My hand follows the curve of your stomach - enjoying the softness of your skin -- knowing the breeze is playing with you as well as my own fingers -- then my fingers push on sliding downward to the warm spot between your beautiful thighs. I can feel the heat as my fingers get close to the magic point - the humidity and your heat enticing me - seducing me. I let my hand fully cover your vaginal entrance and I can feel the moisture -- the wetness --the secretions ---because you have the same desires as I. My middle finger begins to curl naturally, up the length of your slit. The opening is filled with your juices and my finger easily enters. You moan, and even begin to purr a little, as I slowly move my finger in and out, never letting it leave the opening but teasing -- gently pushing -- releasing -- teasing -- pushing in again. My lips and mouth are on your breasts, kissing your nipples, suckling them with my lips loving them -- sucking them in and out as you would my cock. You moan with extreme pleasure. You are so moist and full of your juices that I really can't feel anything with my finger, just the intensity of the heat as I push it in. Your breathing becomes more rapid and I also pick up the pace with my finger and mouth. Your juices are flowing freely now and I feel you begin to flex your whole body as the waves of your first orgasm hits your pussy. I feel your pussy contract tightly around my finger and you let out a long loud moan that completes in a sigh of contentment. 

I move up your body and kiss you long and softly on the lips and tell you how much I enjoyed making you cum. You reply it was the very best in a long time. I remove your tennis shoes - socks - pants and panties and stare at you in your total exposed beauty in the sun light -- the sun caressing you as only I could dream to. Finally there is nothing left to the imagination, I see you all the way from your toes to the hair on your head, totally exposed for me to enjoy. I love the fullness of your body - I roll you over and look at your ass and thighs. I immediately place my hands on your ass and begin to knead and feel the completeness of it. I bend down and kiss your ass, licking it, tasting your flesh, revealing in your beauty. To me, now more than ever, after having seen you in all in this naked glory in the sunlight - in nature, I know you are one of, if not the most beautiful woman I have ever touched and loved. I tell you so and you seem so surprised you roll over and look at me......and then we kiss. Softly at first but the passion begins to build and you pull me tighter and suck my lips and tongue with increased vigor. You beg me to take off my clothes, to be as naked as you, to let you see my hard cock.

I quickly take off my clothes and you see the firmness of my cock - my hardness - my fullness and complete and ready for you in any and every manner which you can conceive.. You ask that I move closer and you get on your knees and take my cock in your mouth, feeling the fullness, feeling it getting harder and longer as it feels the warmth and moisture of your mouth - your magic is doing wonderful things to me. You are enjoying me and taking pleasure in the hardness of my cock, enjoying the taste of the precum as you continue to suck me. oh my god.....it feels so good.

I beg you to stop and let me position you so that we can both enjoy the oral aspect of love with each other. I lie down on the sleeping bag and I place your feet above my shoulders and ask that you lie on me and let me have the total enjoyment of your body on mine and my mouth coupled with your hot dripping pussy. You agree and I can see the juices of your body wanting to spill out, I reach up and direct your hot pussy to my mouth as you line up your mouth with my cock.

I love the feel of your mouth on me, the way you suck, lick and thoroughly enjoy the fullness and thickness of my cock. Your pussy tastes like nothing I have ever experienced before. Your fluids are literally gushing out and there is a sweetness to the taste. I have my tongue going in and out of you as fast as I can - my hand has worked between us and I have your clit - your hot - wet -sticky clit between my thumb and finger and I quickly bring you to another orgasm. You are soooooo hot --- I don't think it has the intensity of the first, or if it did, your ability to keep on sucking without missing a stroke is the best I have ever known. I move a bit and encapsulate your clit in my mouth. The juices running out have saturated my - I love your taste - your smell the ability to get you this hot. Your wetness I find very stimulating --- I just want more and more of your pussy. 

I suck on your clit like a tiny cock. I bring it in and out, in and out and I feel another orgasm begin to build within you then I trap it between my front teeth and my tongue and have no mercy on it as I whip it with my tongue. As for me, I want to come in you and am having a rough time not cumming in your mouth. But I concentrate on you, your sweet taste, your intensity, your clit beginning to get fuller and fuller as you come closer to orgasm. I reach down and put my thumb in your hot juicy pussy and reach to your ass and, after lubricating my finger in your juicy pussy, I gently put a finger in your ass. You like this sensation -- of your clit, pussy and ass being taken by me --- you over your threshold - this is more than you can handle and you come before I even to get to establish a rhythm with the action of my thumb in your pussy and finger in your ass.

You sit back, totally on my face, and demand to be fucked. You are so hot, you beg me to fuck you and I am thoroughly enjoying the taste of your pussy because as you sat up, gravity forced the expulsion of all your juices and I hungrily suck as much as I can. You jump off my face and straddle my cock. It easily enters you because you are so lubricated and I enjoy the feel of you bouncing up and down on my shaft. You are situated in such a position that you can contract your vaginal muscles and you begin to apply pressure to my cock. I tell you I can't take much of that and you reply that neither can you so lets come quickly together. And with that your muscles grab my cock and you rise and fall, up and down on my cock, and I can feel the sides and back of your pussy with each stroke. I find myself reaching up to meet your downward thrusts, and we speed up and as the feeling of the ultimate pleasure begins to work its way out of my body I start growling for you -yes - I am cumming for you -- can you feel me -- feel it shooting up in you? From you, all I get is a loud scream and a deluge of juices from your cunt as we come together. - you are too fucking hot!

You fall in my arms and I hold you, caress your face with breathless kisses -- I tell you how good it felt to come with you - to come in you--- God, I don't want the moment to end. We are both a sticky mess and I finally convince you to a quick dip in the stream to wash ourselves. We jump in and the water is about four feet deep with a sandy bottom. This place had to have been built by someone because it is perfect for a secluded place to make love, perfect in every way. 

The water is not cold, but the heat of summer has passed and there is a coolness to the water that affects me. As I hold you, feel you close, feeling the firmness of your ass and watch your breasts float, I become hard, harder than I was the first time. Fortunately, you haven't washed your pussy and my cock and I easily slip in. We begin to fuck so gently, so softly, you moving up and down on my cock as your legs are around my body holding you close to me and I am the holder of your body, gently moving it up and down as my cock goes in and out. You are so light and you mention you have never felt like this before and we come together softly, completely....the perfect ending.

We wash completely and get out of the water and return to the sleeping bag. This time I lie it against the tree and the ground. You are a little chilly and slip into your blouse, but leave off your bra. I sit with my back against the tree and you sit between my legs with your back against my chest. I love this position and as we talk I whisper in your ear instead of using my full voice. I kiss your neck and nuzzle your ear. My hands are fondling your full breasts and I hear you mumble that it all feels so good. 

My right hand slowly slips down to your pussy, and I play with your clit, playing with it and your nipples simultaneously, whispering in your ear how beautiful you are, how soft you feel in my arms and how much I have enjoyed our time and our lovemaking. You just can’t stop me -- I work you again making you build quickly and softly, coming with a gentleness that I had not seen in your previous orgasms. You lay back completely against me and we just enjoy the closeness of each other and the beauty of the day.