 The evening after our picnic threesome, Hazel and Sarah had recounted filthy stories. Now it was my turn.

Hazel licked her lips lasciviously and smiled at us both. "Matt," Sarah continued, "go and get more wine, and then tell us a dirty story."

I fetched another bottle, and we all settled down again. After this, I promised myself, I was going to strip naked and offer myself to whichever of them would have me, unless there was some action quickly. Or my nob was going to fall off. I wondered if it was possible to have a stroke in your penis.

"OK, this one features you, Sarah - is that all right?" 

"Yes!" shouted out Hazel, before Sarah could answer.

"Looks like it," smiled Sarah. "No, that's fine. I'd like to hear how it was from your end, so to speak."

"Good. Right, d'you remember when we were on holiday in Provence, and we went out to that restaurant in Orange?" Sarah nodded. I turned back to Hazel to tell the tale.

"We were having a really good time, and good sex, and everything was perfect, you know? And Sarah volunteered to fulfil an ambition of mine. We were going to go out from our hotel, and wander round town a bit, have a drink somewhere, and find a restaurant - as you do. And when I came out of the bathroom Sarah was dressed, ready to go, putting on her make-up, and she was wearing a skirt and a see-through blouse, and she wasn't wearing a bra. It was a pale blouse, but with a flowery pattern, and thinner than the one she's wearing now. It really was quite transparent, and I could see her breasts through it very clearly, you know, I could see all the individual little lumpy bits on her nipples. I was so happy, so pleased she was doing this for me, and she gave me a great big silly smile.

"Just as we went out she stopped me for a kiss, and guided my hands to her bum, and while we were still hugging, lifted her skirt from beneath my hands, and she wasn't wearing any knickers either! And it wasn't a very long skirt.

"Well, we walked around Orange, and lots of people looked, or stared, and Sarah kept smiling at me to show she was enjoying it. I was worried people might notice my willy about to burst through my trousers, but no-one was looking at me, strangely. We had a brilliant evening, I kept looking at her tits, and loved seeing all these other men looking at them too. After the meal we walked around a bit more, and ended up at a bar sitting on a wall between the terrace and the pavement. It was pretty busy, loads of people still around. Sarah sat next to me, and after a while lifted one foot on to the wall, with her knee bent to rest her hands on, and left her other leg dangling down. This made her skirt ride right up to her groin, and I was looking at her cunt - and so was everyone else walking past. A surprising number of people didn't seem to notice, but some did, and you could hear their conversations stop, or see them staring back open mouthed as they passed... It was lovely. She only did it for five minutes, and then she dragged me back to the hotel - I think she was more turned on by it than I was - and she fucked my brains out, kept me up half the night."

I was sitting on the sofa, and Sarah, on the floor, had moved across to lean against my legs as I spoke. She was looking up at me now, and I stroked her head. She responded by reaching up and putting her hand on my prick, and rubbing it slowly but firmly through my trousers. I sighed, and looked across to Hazel, who was watching Sarah's hand. Sarah smiled up at me, and carried on. After a minute she spoke.

"Let's see to this properly." She pulled down my zip and slipped her fingers inside to feel my prick more closely. She ran her nails across it, through the thin cotton of my boxer shorts, making my buttocks clench as a spasm of pleasure ran down to my balls. Next she withdrew her hand and fumbled with my belt, and the button at the top of the zip, until my trousers were undone. She grabbed the waist-band, and I lifted my bum so that she could pull them down and off. 

"Now then," she continued, undoing the tiny button at the fly of my boxers. Hazel was leaning forward across the arm of her chair, mouth slightly open as she stared at Sarah's hands, which now reached into my underwear and held my hard cock. She stretched the fly to one side, and pulled out my penis, and held it upright. She gripped it lightly, and looked across to Hazel.

"Would you like some of this?" she asked, politely.

"Oh, yes please," Hazel responded, equally calmly and politely, and she got up and stepped over to us. She dropped to her knees in front of me, across my legs from Sarah. I looked at her eyes as she looked at my prick at close quarters, seeing how she seemed almost cross-eyed from studying it so closely. She tucked her hair behind her ears, first one side then the other, quickly, as girls can. I noticed her ear-rings, antique silver with green stones, an inch or so long and swinging quickly back and forth. Keeping her hands on the floor to support her, she leaned forward swiftly, opening her mouth as she advanced, and took the first two inches of my prick into her lovely mouth. Sarah continued to hold the bottom of it, and Hazel flicked her tongue around the top of my prick, keeping her lips sealed over it. She sucked lightly, and bobbed her head up and down a couple of times, looking at Sarah now. 

Sarah let go of me, and moved round behind Hazel, who looked up at me now, smiling with her eyes as she continued to suck, lick and lift her head up and down simultaneously. I felt the tiniest nip from the edge of her teeth now and then, but mostly her mouth was smooth and soft, and felt like the silkiest and warmest place my penis had ever been. Pleasure was shooting through my cock like little darts, and I knew I wasn't going to last long.

Sarah reached round in front of Hazel from behind her with both hands, and began undoing buttons on her blouse. Most of this was hidden from my view by my legs, but I could see the gap in the blouse at her neck getting wider and wider with each button undone, until I saw the blouse swing loose at Hazel's right side, but still tantalisingly hiding her breast. Sarah took hold of the shoulders, and Hazel lifted her hands from the floor, and stretched her arms backwards so that Sarah could pull the blouse down them. As she did, Hazel's beautiful right tit came into view, her nipple hard and excited.

Sarah threw the blouse to one side, and reached around Hazel again, this time cupping her breasts in her hands, and massaging gently. This was doing amazing things for me, and my prick felt as if it were swelling even bigger. Sarah's hands slipped down slightly, and her fingers moved to Hazel's nipples - at least, I presumed to both, although I could still only see the right breast. Sarah's right fore-finger and thumb gripped Hazel's large nipple and squeezed it, and twisted it gently. Hazel gave a muffled moan into my cock, and her tongue licked more vigorously across the tip. She sucked harder, and her head bobbed faster as Sarah pinched her nipples and stroked her lovely tits. 

I managed to gasp out, "I'm going to come soon," about half a minute before I did. 

"Good," said Sarah, simply, and smiled at me. "Are you enjoying the show?"

I shook my head slowly, in wonder rather than denial. "Yes, oh God, yes." My words turned to grunts as the beginnings of an orgasm took over my body. My hips thrust upwards in time to Hazel's fantastic sucking, hard now, no licking, just suck, concentration on her face. Sarah leaned over her shoulder to watch, pinching hard at Hazel's nipple, forcing from her a muffled cry of pleasure and maybe pain. I could feel my orgasm preparing itself in the very base of my prick, and I groaned and gasped at the fantastic blow job Hazel was giving me, and the wonderful sight of Sarah fondling her breasts. 

My cock seemed to grow, to fill Hazel's soft mouth, still no teeth, and Hazel looked down at it and sucked more of it into her, so that most of it was gone at each bob and thrust, plunging into her warm, wet mouth, sucking and gripping me, like a cunt, her saliva shining on the sides of my cock, my cock filling her mouth, touching both cheeks, her tongue and the roof of her mouth, and nudging the back of her throat, pushing and grinding into her, and then spunk jetting out, flooding her mouth, intense pleasure racking my body, spasm after spasm making me arch my back and push my prick harder into her face, Hazel sucking harder than ever, but with less in her mouth, still moving her head up and down, and now my spunk on the shaft of my prick, squeezing out from between her tightly-stretched red lips, pushed down my shaft by them, and then smearing over them and on to her cheek, more sperm running out now and down on to my boxer shorts, Hazel still moaning from Sarah's groping of her tits, and her throat moving as she swallows spunk, my spunk pouring down her throat, great gushes of cum still pouring from my hard cock into her gorgeous tight mouth, more spasms of heaven through my body, and then less and less sperm pumping out, Hazel swallowing more, sucking less hard, my prick losing its iron-hardness, my body falling back into the sofa, letting it support me, everything relaxing and subsiding, Hazel looking up at me, and letting her head fall to one side, still with my cock in her mouth, to rest on my thigh, her cheek in the spilt sperm, more sperm on her other cheek as Sarah leans round her again to kiss her cheek, and Hazel smiling at me with her eyes again as she sucks the last spunk from my cock and around her mouth, and swallows a final time.

After a minute or so Hazel brought a hand up and held my cock gently as she removed it from her mouth, and laid it gently on my thigh, in a smear of my come. She lifted her head, and I saw my sperm on both cheeks, a smudge on the right and a dribble on the left which had somehow stretched itself from the corner of her mouth to the corner of her eye, and was now beginning to run. She had more sperm all around her lips, and glistening on her chin. Sarah's hands now rested on her thighs, and her breasts looked large and heavy as she knelt slightly forward. She smiled at me through the spunk, and licked her lips.

"I'll get some tissues, shall I?" offered Sarah, getting to her feet.

"Yes, Matt's made a bit of a mess," responded Hazel, still smiling at me. I smiled back.

"Thank you," I said simply. "That was the best blow job I've ever had."

"My pleasure, darling," said Hazel, glancing up at Sarah, returning with a box of Kleenex. "I've always wanted to do that to you, since I first met you. So now I've fulfilled an ambition. Perhaps you can help me with another ambition later..."

"This wouldn't be similar to the ambition I've had since I met you, would it..." I struggled for the words, but settled for the simple version. "...To fuck you?" 

"That's the one," said Hazel."

"Excuse me," interrupted Sarah, "I don't like to break into your important relationship, but, remember me?" She wasn't serious.

"How could we forget you, my honey?" soothed Hazel. "I think we could find something to make you very happy, don't you Matt?"

"Ooh, I should think so, between us."

Hazel lifted my prick lightly and wiped the sperm from it and my leg, then from her face. "Anyway, was that your rude story, Matt? It was rude, but it wasn't really filthy, was it? We've set a higher standard than that today - do you want another go?"

"Oh, that was just the prelude. The rude bit's still to come - so to speak," I reassured her. "Shall I go on? Why don't you two get comfortable on the sofa while I'm talking?"