 A few days had passed since Simon's return, and they had been wonderful days. They couldn't get enough of each other, their lovemaking was intense and often. Stolen moments were taken for a kiss; they touched whenever they were near each other – sometimes a simple stroke of hand on hand, other times more intimate – a brush of a breast, a squeeze of a buttock, a stroke of the ever-present bulge in Simon's trousers, a press against Julie's still smooth mound.

The weather had turned pleasantly warm and the sky was clear and blue, the sun streaming down. "Let's go for that picnic we talked about," Simon suggested to Julie.

"That would be nice; I could wear that new dress I got. Oops, I didn't tell you about that did I. Well, I think you'll like it!"

"I look forward to seeing you in it, and hopefully out of it!" he cheekily replied.

Simon had put a rather nice bottle of white wine in the fridge the other night, and it was nicely chilled. He placed it in the cool box, along with the freezer packs and a bag of ice cubes. 

Julie had all sorts of nibble foods in the fridge, and placed a good selection in the box followed by two ripe peaches.

"Right, I'm going to get changed while you pack the car. I won't be long." Julie smiled, gave Simon a quick kiss, and disappeared up stairs.

Simon busied himself finding the garden rug and placing it, along with the cool box, in which he'd added two glasses, into the boot of the car. Julie was true to her word and, by the time had finished, was downstairs.

"So, what do you think? Do you like it?"

Simon turned and gasped, "Wow!" The dress was terrific; the first thing that caught his attention was that it buttoned all the way up the front. It was made of thin, patterned cotton and followed the curves of her breasts – it was obvious that she was not wearing a bra, their fullness and shape perfectly outlined. The top of her cleavage just peaked out of the V of the neckline. From the waist, the skirt section splayed outwards to just above her knees. He wondered if she was wearing knickers, but then thought that that discovery could wait until later.

"You look gorgeous!"

Julie smiled back saying, "why thank you, kind sir!"

They got into the car and set off on the short journey to the local woods where they had spent many an afternoon wandering. Simon parked the car and retrieved the box and rug from the boot. Julie took the rug from him, took his hand in hers, and they set off along the path and into the trees. They strolled for about 10 minutes until they were deep into the forest, then Simon spotted what he had been looking for – a sidetrack that disappeared off the main path. Turning onto it, they carefully worked their way into the thickening trees until they reach their destination. The trees had opened up and they were in a small clearing, the floor of which was flat and covered in grass.

Simon set the box down, while Julie laid the rug out in the middle of the open space, under the sunlight streaming down. Julie took off her shoes and sat down on the blanket while Simon, still standing, removed his t-shirt, trainers & socks, leaving just his loose fitting combat trousers on. 

He joined Julie, putting his arm around her shoulders, gently pulled her towards him, and kissed her – long and slow. They laid back and Julie nuzzled into his side as they felt the warmth of the sun penetrate their bodies. 

They were still for maybe half an hour, and then Simon suggested that a glass of wine would be nice. He sat up, reached into the box for the bottle, pulled the cork with the corkscrew he'd remembered at the last minute - confessing such to Julie – and poured two ample glasses worth. Passing one to Julie, they sipped the cool liquid.

"Very pleasant" Julie commented. "Shall I get some food out?"

"That would be nice." Simon studied Julie as she rose to her knees and leaned forward to reach into the cool box. Her breasts swung forward under the thin cotton and he could see the material tense under their weight – he loved the way they did that.

There were chicken wings, kebabs, a selection of Indian snacks, and a mixed salad and they tucked in hungrily. After the second glass of wine, Julie offered Simon a peach and took the other for herself. Simon watched her as she leaned back on one elbow and bit into the juicy flesh. As she took it away from her mouth, a thin stream of the juice flowed down the side of her mouth and advance towards her neckline. 

"Oops, don't want to get that on my new dress," and she proceeded to unfasten the buttons at the top, not stopping until she reached her navel. The material fell aside, almost exposing her breasts, but not quite – her jutting nipples had caught the edges and just stopped it falling away completely.

Simon moved closer, waiting for more of the peach juice to find its target, and he didn't need to wait long. Julie bit deep into the peach and must have squeezed it as well, because a torrent of juice ran down her front and onto her breasts.

"Oops" she giggled, "Can you do something about that for me, darling?"

Simon didn't need asking twice as he lowered his head towards her and lapped the juice. He pulled the dress away to expose both breasts and licked all over them, under them, everywhere the juice had gone and much more!

Julie had long given up trying to support herself on her arms, lying back onto the rug and dreamily feeling Simon's touch on her. She lightly held his head, running her fingers through his short hair and massaging his scalp. She ran her hands down his back, dragging her nails just enough so that she could feel his back being scratched. 

A hand eased its way into his loose waistband and she ran her fingers over a buttock – he wasn't wearing any shorts, as it had been ever since he got home. A finger delved into the crack, dragging a nail, and she felt him flinch – not with pain but excitement!

As Simon continued with his task, his hand was carefully undoing each of the remaining buttons. As he passed over Julie's mound, his little finger strayed inside the dress and delighted at the realisation that she was again knickerless. He undid the last button and, as if under his mind control, the dress fell away to either side of Julie's body, exhibiting her beauty to him. 

He took the remains of the peach that Julie had placed beside her and squeezed more juice over her tummy and down over her parting lips. Then he was drinking greedily again, but this time the peach juice was supplemented by Julie's own nectar and he found himself wishing that all peaches tasted this good! 

While Julie was distracted by Simon's attention to her lower regions, he took the opportunity to reach over into the cool box and, after fumbling around for a short while, found what he was looking for. He brought his hand back and noted that the ice-cube had already started to melt and, as he raised his hand over her belly, a drop of water fell. 

As it splashed onto her skin, Julie yelped, "You swine!," but she felt him ease the shock by softly kissing where it had stemmed from, and she began to forgive him. Not for long though, as she felt the strange sensation of not knowing whether it was heat or cold that she felt on her tummy as Simon placed the tip of the ice-cube there. She felt the water trickle down into the pit of her navel and then, as Simon slowly slid it down towards her sex, the soft, warm glow as Simon's tongue followed. 

A trickle of water was now running down either side of her mound and between her legs, but nothing could have prepared for the next sensation. The ice-cube was gliding along the top, inner edges of her lips, and then, suddenly, it was inside her! Then she felt Simon's mouth encircling her and sucking the ice out, only to be followed by him dropping it back from where it had came. This was repeated countless times until, eventually, the ice had completely melted and all she could feel was a slight numbness below and Simon's hot breath on her skin.

"Come on you, I want you inside me. I need warming up!" Julie urged, making a grab for the zip on his trousers.

Simon stood up and removed his trousers so that he was completely naked – he loved the feeling of open air on his body. He stood between Julie's open legs and ran his eyes over her body, the sun glistening where his tongue had been. He knelt down and lowered himself on top of her. As he did, he felt Julie take his shaft in her hand and guide it towards her opening. He felt it butt against her lips and Julie easing its tip inside her. He slowly eased downwards and entered her fully, all the way, until his hips were touching hers. Then he kept quite still, feeling her chest rise and fall under his weight, her nipples pressing into his own chest. 

She squirmed beneath him, convincing him that it was time to move again, and he lifted his buttocks extracting from within her – not all the way, just to the point when he could feel her lips pursing around the bulbous end of his manhood, then he lowered again. He repeated this several times, each time Julie reached behind his back to make sure he didn't pull out all the way. Then he started rocking, leaving his penis deep inside her. 

She joined him, moving in unison with him, feeling his thick shaft rubbing against her exposed clitoris. Then she whispered into his ear, "wait." 

She rolled from under him, his shaft temporarily slipping out, the tip shining as the sun shone on the sticky fluid covering it. She pushed him so that he rolled onto his back, and then she climbed over him and eagerly pulled him back inside. She sat on him, her dress gaping open and falling from her left shoulder. She arched her back and it slipped off the other, down her arms, and onto the ground behind her, leaving her naked like Simon. 

The sun was hot on her back and she could feel a trickle of sweat run down and enter the crack of her bum. She rocked on her knees feeling him slide in and out of her. She was now in full control, when she was ready, she'd make him explode – but not yet. Her hips gyrated, grinding her mound against his pelvic bone, causing a delightful friction against her nub. She reached for the wine bottle and poured some of the contents over her breasts.

Simon didn't need an invitation - he knew what she wanted. He sat up and drank the wine from her, and in doing so, increased the pressure on her clit. He mimicked her moves intensifying the sensations building inside the pit of her sex. He could hear her whimpering and moaning, could feel her growing more urgent in her moves. His own orgasm was not far away, but he concentrated on pleasuring Julie – his would start easily enough once hers had. And then she was bucking on him and it was obvious that she'd reach the point of no return. She let out a loud, deep sigh as her orgasm struck; she thrust a couple of times more and then fell forward onto his chest.

She lay there for a few moments and then started rocking again, feeling him reaching with his hips to get the maximum movements of her lips over the length of his shaft. She rose up and down, as if impaling herself on a pole, a long and slippery pole. And then he lost it, all control had gone as he bucked and heaved beneath her, erupting into her. Finally, he relaxed, totally spent, his eyes closed and a smile of complete satisfaction on his face. She eased herself off him and sucked the remaining cum from the end of his penis. Then she snuggled down beside him, wrapped in his arm, and they fell into a peaceful sleep in the afternoon sun.