 He'd been very mysterious when he came to pick her up that morning. They had plans to spend the day together and what a beautiful day it was. The sun was shining down, warming the early summer air and bringing out the scent of the dew-laden grass. Fluffy white clouds scudded across the bright blue sky as they walked to his car. He opened the door for her and helped her inside. As she sat down, he leaned in and pulled her head to him for a warm, lingering kiss. His kisses always had the power to make her head spin. As he continued to kiss her, she felt his strong fingers probing inside the leg of her shorts. Already short of breath from his kiss, she gasped as the length of his fingers penetrated deep inside her pussy. He drew back a bit and chuckled, gazing into her blue eyes as he continued to stroke the walls of her sensitive flesh, feeling the shivers course through her. 

"You're very wet, my dear. Is there something you want?" All she could do was moan helplessly, caught up in the spell he was weaving tightly around her. Slowly, he withdrew his fingers, sniffing appreciatively at her scent. Then he gently held them to her mouth, looking at her expectantly. Obediently, she opened her mouth, allowing him to insert his wet fingers so her tongue and lips could cleanse him. "Later, I'll give you something else to keep that pretty mouth busy," he whispered in her ear. Another shiver chased up her spine at his words.

As he closed her door and got into his side of the car, she noticed a basket hidden partially under a blanket. "Oh! Are we going on a picnic?" she asked. He just grinned at her and turned the engine. Even more curious, she pressed him. "Really, what are we going to do today? You've been awfully secretive about our plans – I'm dying of curiosity." Without taking his eyes from the road, he replied "You'll just have to trust me. But, I'm sure you'll be pleasantly surprised." He reached over and gave one of her nipples a twist. Finding them already hard as little buttons, he gave one of his evil chuckles, the kind that let her know that she wasn't heading towards anything as simple as a picnic. 

They drove out into the country for an hour or more, in a direction she'd seldom gone, so the territory was unfamiliar to her. They talked along the way about seemingly inconsequential things – but they were all the little things she loved about their relationship. The sound of his voice always turned her on and she was flattered that he seemed to listen just as attentively to her. She knew she could always count on his advice and guidance when she had a problem and his ready humor could always make her laugh. The time seemed to fly by, until she realized they had turned down a deserted road in a heavily forested area that she'd never seen before. 

Pulling off onto the side of the road, he stopped the car and came around to open her door and help her out. It was no accident that he stood so close she had no room to stand up without rubbing the full length of her body up his front. She didn't fail to notice the telltale bulge in his jeans either. The contact made her already erect nipples crinkle even harder and she felt a trickle of moisture between her legs. He looked down at her and watched the tip of her tongue moisten her lips. He couldn't resist covering her mouth once again with his. This time, his warm tongue searched deep inside, thrusting till he felt her knees tremble and heard her whimpering quietly. She twined herself against him, unconsciously rubbing herself against the length of his tall, lean body. He made her feel like a cat, rubbing against him and purring at his every touch, she thought to herself. And right now, this cat was definitely in heat! He sensed her mounting excitement and broke off the kiss suddenly, leaving her gasping for breath and holding tight to him till her legs stopped wobbling like jelly.

He smiled a slow, sexy smile and swatted her on her firm backside, causing her to jump and giggle. He reached behind her to grab the basket and the blanket. She thought she'd seen something else inside the blanket, but he moved so quickly she couldn't be sure. Taking her firmly by the hand, he led her a short way into the dense woods. It was dark in the forest, quiet except for the sounds of the woodland animals and birds that lived there. There was no sign that anyone else had ever been there. Suddenly, the sun broke through the trees, illuminating a small glade dotted with wildflowers. In a hushed voice, she said, "It's beautiful! What a perfect place this is." To which he replied, "Yes, my dear, I picked it especially for you. Soon you will see just how perfect it is." Puzzled, she glanced up at him, only to see that mysterious look in his eyes again. He strode into the center of the glade and quickly spread the blanket, placing the basket at one end. "Sit down, darling, and see what I've brought for us." Quickly she did as she was bidden, sitting cross-legged on the blanket by his feet, gazing up expectantly to see what treats he would produce from within the depths of the basket. 

He opened it with a flourish and produced two long-stemmed flutes and a bottle of champagne. Expertly, he popped the cork and poured some of the bubbly liquid into the glasses. Offering one to her, he simply said, "To us, my dear. And, to adventure." Mesmerized by his look, she quickly drank the contents of her glass. He was just as quick to refill it. Then he produced the rest of the sensuous feast. Smoked oysters, grapes, small honeyed cakes with almonds, and other foods all known for their aphrodisiac properties. Finger foods that they laughingly, lovingly shared with much suggestive finger licking and sweet, sticky kisses. All the while, he made sure to keep her champagne glass full. 

As they reclined on the blanket, he brought out one more surprise. He opened a small container to reveal freshly whipped cream, a thermal container full of melted chocolate and a large bowl full of juicy, red, ripe strawberries. "Mmmmmm," she purred, "what a wonderful dessert." He reached over and began unbuttoning her blouse. "These are just the toppings," he whispered, then nibbled on her ear and down her neck. "You will be the dessert." With that, he took one of the strawberries, dipped it in the chocolate and began to trace patterns on her smooth, white skin as one by one the buttons revealed her body. Lazily following the chocolate trail with his tongue, he explored her body inch by inch. Coming back up to her mouth, he placed the strawberry to her lips, allowing her to take a bite. He licked the juices as they ran down her chin. She looked down to see that somehow her bra had also been unhooked and her breasts were now exposed to the dappled sunlight. 

She reached a hand up to caress one nipple as he dipped the next strawberry into the waiting cream. This time he painted white circles all around her other nipple, then proceeded to lick and suck it all off. The combination of the cool cream and his hot mouth caused her to cry out. It felt so very good, but she needed more. She reached a hand up to caress the back of his neck and tried to pull him up to her mouth, but he continued to suckle and bite her nipple. She squirmed and moaned, but he was relentless. She reached a hand down between them to stroke the firm bulge, but he held her wrist and dragged her arm up over her head. Moving her other hand up also, he grasped both her wrists in one hand, and knelt over her while he unzipped her shorts and worked them down past her hips. Pinned down by his hand and his body weight, she could only lay there and wait for his next move. 

Feeling more than slightly buzzed from the amount of champagne she'd drank, she wiggled her hips beneath him and said, "Can you feel how wet I am for you? I need you so much…" Without responding, he reached over for another strawberry. He nudged his knee between her thighs and spread her legs wide. Her eyes widened when she saw the size of the strawberry he'd chosen, it was the largest one she'd ever seen. Looking at her carefully, he made sure she saw it and watched him as his hand descended to her dripping, wet mound. Slowly he ran the strawberry down her belly, leaving a trail of juice behind. As before, he followed the trail with his tongue and mouth. When he got to the vee between her legs, he used the point of the red fruit to separate her waiting lips. Again, she shivered as the erotic play continued. He circled her clit using the strawberry and she could feel the tiny rough seeds rubbing against her. Every nerve she owned was attuned and quivering for his touch. Restlessly, she tossed her head, searching for release from this exquisite torment he was visiting upon her. Her juices were running freely, mingling with the fruit's juice. She strained her hips towards him, yearning for more. She felt a pressure between her legs and opened eyes she hadn't realized she'd closed. She looked down and watched him insert the strawberry into her pussy. It was an odd sort of fullness, like nothing she'd ever experienced before. 

Then he lowered his head between her legs and began to use his tongue and mouth and fingers on her. She could feel his mouth moving the strawberry inside of her, using the stem to wiggle it back and forth, in and out. His fingers circled and stroked the rim of her asshole as he began to lick her slit from the bottom, across the plump berry to her even plumper clit. She could feel the pressure building as her toes curled and tiny tremors rocked her. Moaning incoherently, her hands threaded themselves through his hair, pulling him firmly to her hot, needy center. He broke free of her grasp and, using his teeth, pulled the strawberry free too. Like a stalking lion, he moved up her body, holding the strawberry in his mouth. He placed it to her lips and nudged it, letting her know she was to eat it too. Hesitantly she took a bite, tasting the mingled juices of her nectar and the fruits. She nibbled the berry until she reached his lips, then he took her in a deep, possessive kiss. Again, she moaned deep in her throat. 

When he broke off the kiss, she could barely form the words, but he heard her. "I need you, please, take me, love me, use me…" In seconds, his jeans were gone, leaving nothing but bare skin and sunshine to warm them. She moaned again, "I want you, please, take me, I need to feel you deep inside me," and opened her legs wider in invitation. He thrust quickly into her, burying himself to the hilt. She gasped and bucked up against him. Slowly he withdrew until he was almost completely out of her warm channel, then ruthlessly he slammed back into her. Over and over again he took her, as her cries became increasingly incoherent. He could feel her pussy contracting around him, squeezing his hard cock, trying to draw him ever deeper inside her. She thrashed and whimpered and groaned as he pounded into her again and again. He reached down and began to pull and twist her sensitive nipples as she cried out his name. Over and over she called him, till his name was the only word she was even capable of uttering. 

Shuddering, she screamed as she came, convulsing on his prick. He continued to slide deep inside of her, faster and harder, hands firmly grasping her hips, until straining and with a low sound, he came too. Collapsing on top of her, he rested his head on her breast. Listening as the rapid beating of their hearts slowed, they softly touched and caressed one another, until they dozed off in the warm sunlight.