 A show in two weeks and he was far from satisfied with the prints he'd pull together thus far. He had already made three trips into the Hoh Rainforest in the Cascades trying to complete the droplet series in his "Phases of Water" exhibit, and it's all so ordinary. Everything had the flavor of a magazine spread and not even a good magazine at that! The series lacked that certain something that sets a spread apart. He had hopes for this show and he saw them slipping by. The Portland buyer's expectations were very clear. He wanted "the allure of wetness'' and it just wasn't there. The damned Northwest rain - too hard or too soft, or just too damned gray - and he was running out of time. Until today, that is! Today was turning out just perfect. 

His photographic philosophy requires that if he's anything, it's impulsive. He firmly believed that photographs were not created -- they happened, and the artist was someone who could see, recognize and capture. Anything else was pop, manufactured, screamed 'staged'. He worked his way through the city park full of flowering bushes, framing images and angles in his artist's eye. With a gentle rain, side sunlight, fast shutter, right lens, perfect timing his new D1X clicked and whirred at the speed of his imagination, capturing one perfect image after another. He felt that rare moment of relief and exhilaration. He had the perfect subjects in the perfect setting, patiently posing, not fidgeting, and bending just so lightly under the gentle rain: flowers at the peak of bloom kissed by a fine steady rain; droplets frozen in time on the pink and purple and yellow and white surfaces before they rolled down the perfectly formed pedals, splashing explosively on the bright green leaf surfaces. Click... whirr... click... whirr! The lens caught a sparkling drop cascading off the rim of his hat, contrasted to the off-focused reds, oranges, greens and blues of the flowers and leaves forming the hazy background. 

This was perfect. Today wouldn't be measured just in 'keepers'. This was better than mere keepers! Oh, the Portland buyer's expectations will be more than met, but these photographs will more than meeting a buyer's expectations. These will be reputation shots. It rarely felt this good. It just couldn't get any better!

The park had been empty and he'd been so absorbed in his art that he didn't notice until the bright yellow image moved into the camera's panorama, breaking his concentration and instantly grabbing his attention. Dressed in a delicate yellow dress and matching cloak and cap, she looked almost elvin as she eased her bare feet through the wet grass, toes slowly pointing with each step in a gentle, ballerina's chasse. "She must have gotten caught by the weather while on an afternoon walk", he thought as he looked at her alluring beauty. Her cloak was fine and provided so little protection from the weather that if the rain wasn't this warm her delicate frame would be freezing. But it was clear she didn't mind the weather. No, just the opposite! She seemed to be thoroughly absorbed in the sensuality of her wetness as she slowly and delicately teased the droplets from the blades of grass with the gentle motions of her bare feet.

He quietly changed to his short zoom lens and focused as she gently sauntered to the edge of the pond, undid the clasp of her cloak and let it fall to the ground. He let out an audible gasp. With the shutter momentarily forgotten, his expensive camera was nothing but a scope to get a better view of her beauty. Zooming closer he was captured by the sheer wet dress that hugged her firm breasts, the clinging, yellow material serving to highlight her dark, taut nipples. She gently turned and he zoomed out as she stretched her arms downward, extending her leg in a perfect arabesque. Zoom closer. The sun silhouetted the taut definition of the muscles in her strong thighs as the fabric hugged her firm ass. She rose to standing and drew her leg around, and when she extended to the side in a perfect developpé he saw the shadows of her delicate muff through the translucent material.

He remembered the shutter and momentarily cursed himself. Pictures are captured and he had missed an exquisite sequence. Click... whirr... He wove his way through the tightly packed plants, totally absorbed in the beauty that filled his viewfinder. He captured a close-up of rain-kissed flowers with her unfocused yellow figure forming the hazy background. In her unfocused image he noticed the stark contrast between her dark hair, her white complexion, and her brilliant yellow dress. Refocus... click... whirr... her crystal clear physique framed by the blur of unfocused flowers... another study in sensual contrast. Zoom shot of her face and he caught the tiny rivulets as her saturated hair shed the excess rainwater across her soft complexion. Suddenly she turned, almost as if startled, and swiftly moved off into a thicket of bushes and was gone.

He sat there, squatting, not daring to move lest he be seen, holding his camera at her point of departure and praying for her return. His legs were tense as he squatted, stretching his jeans tight across his firm ass and strong thighs. The warm rain, flowed off the broad-brimmed hat that sheltered his camera, ran down his back. The flow streamed through his soaked shirt, under his belt and down the crack of his ass, momentarily chilling him as it gently licked the base of his scrotum before streaming back into the sopping material of his jeans. His eyes closed and his lips pursed as his attention was involuntarily drawn to the erotic sensations of the wet, sweet rain gently licking that most sensitive skin between his balls and his ass. He held the camera with one hand and reached with his other to stroke himself through the tight, wet pants. His cock grew in the tight space that instantaneously offered nowhere near enough room. He tilted his face toward the rain and the cool water continued to run down his back, a continuous stimulation of his ass in contrast to his steady stroking of his cock.

"Mmmmm, yes. I know how you feel," she said in a low, sultry, hissing voice.

His eyes snapped open and he swung his head. "I'm sorry. I.. I.. didn't think anyone was here. I was taking pictures of the flowers and the rain and..." He had no idea he'd been so absorbed in his own sensation that she had time to come around and upon to him unnoticed.

She put her finger to her smiling lips to hush him, then let her arm fall to her side and coyly tilted her face down, her eyes never leaving his as the rain dripped from her chin. "I hope you don't mind. You were in the background of...". She tilted her head slightly, brought her finger back to her still-smiling lips as her eyes glanced at his packed jeans. He got the message and silently returned her gaze. She had a soft complexion on a narrow, but strong face, and a sharp nose and mouth that seemed tiny compared to the hazel orbs that held him prisoner. Her hair was dark as night yet glistened as it caught the light in its wetness as the rainwater flowed through its tight, natural wave. He managed to regain his wits enough to partially raise the camera and point to it with a shrug, silently asking permission to continue taking his pictures.

"Of the flora," she asked, "or the fauna?" she added with a broad smile as she cupped her hands under both breasts and pinched each nipple between thumb and finger and cooed as she closed her eyes and tilted her face into the welcomed rain. After briefly enjoying the sensation on her nipples she brought her chin to her chest and locked her eyes wantonly on him.

"You're so beautiful that..." Her finger came back to her lips, eyes fixed and warm smile that held an unspoken promise. In a small, grassy opening between plants she stopped and posed, gently slid into first position, arms forming a heart as her finger touched, feet perpendicular, lips smiling, head tilted, eyes fixed. Click... whirr... click... whirr... She delicately shifted to second position smoothly moving her arms and legs, eyes focused to the ground, transitioned to third position, then fourth... click... whirr... eyes rising to recapture his as she finished in fifth position, eyes seeming to seek his approval. He exhaled a deep moan, like an animal that had been captured by alluring bait and was now held mercilessly knowing that in seconds the trap would be sprung. He looked on almost unbelievingly as her figure delicately encased in the revealing material danced elusively just out of his reach.

The soaked dress actually accentuated her beauty, her breasts, and the delicate musculature of her firm legs and taut ass. She accepted his appreciation with a delicate nod and curtsey that a ballerina would her audience, then turned toward the pond, nothing but the thin, wet dress providing the ideal accent to her perfect ass... click... whirr!

He framed and snapped as he followed her to the edge of the pond... there expecting her to turn back to face him... maybe strike another ballerina's pose. But never breaking stride (or stare) she reached the bank and proceeded, unabated, into the cool water. Click... whirr... She turned back to him a few steps later with the hem of her dress floating at her knees. After a brief pause in which he again savored her beauty, she slowly stepped backwards, stretching out one leg with each step. Pause! Then the other, one slow step at a time. The water slowly rose up her thighs. Click... whirr. Her dress streamed in her gentle wake, floating on the pond surface. Click... whirr. She continued, water rising and dress floating, legs covered in the cool darkness. 

As the water reached the top of her thighs she slowly closed her eyes, pursed her lips, raised her hand and firmly pinched a nipple, making them both simultaneously even harder and more pronounced... zoom in. The afternoon sun prismed in the rain droplets that dripped from the tips of her rock hard nipples, both the one under her firm caress and the one pouting on its own. Click... whirr. Another step and the water reached her sensuous valley. She stopped, lowered her head, but not breaking her gaze, and her eyes bore hotly into his. Her other hand sensuously scooped water onto her breasts, which then flowed into the material covering her belly. As her hand slid down her abdomen, her long, sensuous fingers gently looped under her floating skirt and her fingers gently stroked her clit while the surface of the water lapped at her lips. An audible sigh escaped her and she breathed in deeply. 

He was paralyzed in awe of this gorgeous woman who had appeared suddenly out of nowhere, and who was now standing in a pond, fully dressed, in the pouring rain, an unrequited lover, played with her pussy and tits with an unabashed sensuality. She raised her hand from her pussy and inserted three fingers in her mouth, sucking, her eyes locked on his, rolling her nipple with her little finger. His cock throbbed.

Her knees slowly bent and the water rose across her tight stomach to her ribs. She paused as it reached the base of her breasts, and then closed her eyes in submission to the rapture as the cool water slowly covered her hot, hard nipples. When her chin reached the water she opened here eyes and looked into his, then dipped her head below the surface with barely a ripple. She gently pushed forward and glided toward the surface. Her head broke the surface, and moving toward him she raised a single finger above the surface to beckon him. He didn't need to be asked twice. 

He put the camera on the grass and covered it with his hat. He ripped the buttons off his shirt and started to remove it, but she shook her head, ever so subtly. He stopped and stepped toward the pond, then stopped... pointing to his boots. She smiled and shrugged and he quickly removed them before stepping into the water. The bottom was firm and through the clear water he saw that while his jeans didn't change color (they were already soaked), the material floated loosely around his calves, sensuously massaging his lower leg. The sensation was different as he walked toward her, trying not to run, but definitely not showing the same subtlety of movement she used. The material was stretched tightly around his muscular upper legs giving the sensation that there was no material at all between him and the water that sensuously licking his sensitive inner thighs and clamped around his balls and cock like cool lips.

As he got close she pushed backwards floating on her back, first deeper, then toward the shore, her eyes alluringly dragging him with her as her rock-hard nipples floated at the water's surface. A gentle kick of her feet kept an even distance between them. Her flowing hair formed a devilish black halo in her wake and the floating dress formed an angelic aura around her. The floating dress left her absolutely naked as the cool water licked her sensitive skin as it passed. Her feet touched again she continued to backpedal to keep him just past arms reach. He lunged and took hold of the floating material. Pop – pop – pop, damn! He'd torn the delicate material! But she was unfazed. The dress was held by snaps. Pop... pop... She stood, the snaps still intact towards her neckline. He was held transfixed as the film-like material spread revealingly across her pointed nipples and parted at her tight stomach to reveal the first glimpse of her dark, well-trimmed muff atop the cleanly shaved, pink folds of her opening. 

She made a sudden move toward him, encircling his neck with her arms and his hips with her thighs as she kissed him deeply while roughly rubbing her throbbing cunt over his encased cock. His hands massaged her ass as their tongues intertwined. After a deep, long kiss she released her hold on his neck and slowly arched backwards. His hands slid to support her back as she leaned, as her hair fanned out again on the water. He gently lowered her so she was once again prone, though this time her strong legs molding her sex to his bulge. She momentarily submerged herself, her hair and dress floating around her as she gazed at him through eyes eerily just below the surface. She stiffened her legs and slowly raised her head out of the water, her freshly drenched hair emitting rivulets that cascaded down her face. They both looked at the thin material accentuating her breasts and nipples as they bobbed at the surface. She tightened the grip with her legs and ground her pussy against his cock, then released him, and with a quick backstroke distanced herself. He reached and grabbed but caught just dress, the strain undoing the remaining snaps. 

She stood and paused momentarily, water sensuously cascading from her sopping hair, her dress deliciously open revealing all of her tight, gorgeous body. He froze, captivated by her beauty. She dove backward to swim underwater toward the shore and as her body arched out of the water her dress was not able to follow, and he had an instantaneous, glorious view of her firm ass and sopping, shaved lips. He stood and watched her image swimming under water. A gentle stream of bubbles from the air trapped in her hair flowed in her wake. The delicate material of her open dress fanned and streamed like a bride's train. In a fluid, almost dolphin-like motion, she pulled herself up on the bank in a single, smooth motion. He dove and followed her, swimming gracefully underwater and surfacing at her feet.

As he emerged at her feet and gazed between her parted legs she cooed, "You want me!" in that same soft, sweet, low, girlish voice. Her tone didn't betray whether it was a question, a statement, or a dare. She had lured him into the pond, and he was now lying at her feet in the cool water, staring up through her parted thighs past her trimmed muff and her smallish breasts with ample nipples, up to those captivating eyes. He opened his mouth and inhaled to answer, but a quick tilt of her head and that same look as earlier made it clear that it was not a question for him to answer. 

"I was watching you", she offered, then nodding toward a row of expensive townhouses overlooking the park, "from up there. On the patio... with my husband's telescope."

Damn, has this all been a fucking cocktease, his camera setting in the wet grass, his clothes and wallet soaked, and an unbelievable ache in his manhood. God he wanted... no, needed to fuck this woman. Oh, there had been sexy, alluring models in his career as a photographer, but no woman in hours in front of his camera had ever made him want her as much this one had in mere minutes. And now, was she pulling the plug after tantalizingly leading him this far?

"The rest of the park was empty so I thought I'd come down and enjoy... the flowers... too. On sunny days I watch couples in those same bushes. They think they're hidden by the leaves, but they don't know I can see from up there with that telescope. I get to sit up there and enjoy all the sexy things they do to each other. It really gets me HOT. Today I thought the park would be empty, and then I saw you. And I just had to get a little closer. So I thought l needed just a little walk in the park... in the rain. Mmm, yes. I love the rain, don't you? It makes me feel so... sexy." She spoke the last word with a low growl of emphasis.

So, a married voyeur! Probably a frustrated trophy wife whose husband was too busy making money to see her need, much less satisfy it.

"You're so intense... with your flowers. They were so important that you didn't notice anything else. I had to play... see if you artists could be distracted from your artsy world. I wondered if maybe I could still be a distraction, even though I am getting older," she paused, smiled and looked down at his exposed, inviting body. "You know, see if I could maybe break the artist's concentration. And so with my shawl and cap I went for a walk... mmmmm... in the warm summer rain." She wrapped her arms around her chest and rocked back and forth. She continued, "The shawl didn't protect me for long... mmmmm... perfect. Do you think?" she asked looking at him coyly. 

"Eventually you noticed, but not before I lay in the soft wet grass, watching you concentrating... as I played with myself. Mmm you made my pussy ache. Does that sound nasty? Hhmmmm?" she mockingly pouted, then laughed, "It didn't feel nasty. It felt soooo nicceee! I decided I wanted, no, I needed it to be you in my pussy instead of just my fingers. It's been so long since I've had someone play with my pussy," as she touched herself, closed her eyes and exhaled through pursed lips. 

"And you followed me. Even into this silly pond. Because you want me! You want me so bad that you stopped taking your pictures and you followed me with your sexy jeans into that cold pond." She raised herself slightly, pushing herself backwards onto firmer grass... spreading her legs, offering him an unobstructed view of her smooth pussy and its red, swollen lips.

"So if you're still not sure if I want you, or if I'll let you, well let me set that straight right now," as she rose up on her hands and knees and crawled toward him and continued in a still demure, little-girl voice, but the words were anything but childlike, "There is nothing I want more... nothing I need more right now than for you to take me. Hhhmmm! Could you do that form me? I hope you can because I need a good, deep, thorough fucking. And I need it now!" The words had the guttural. Her lips emphasized every word, as her voice got lower and sultrier. Her eyes sucked him in as she purred, "A nice slow fuck... right here in the park... where anyone could come by... or watch from the bushes... sounds so delicious. Fuck me, please?" as her voice trailed off.

The rain intensified just slightly as he crawled forward, rising his torso onto the bank, his cock struggling for space, still painfully but alluringly restrained in his tight, submersed jeans. He initiated the first touch, wrapping his hands gently around her bare foot. His lips sucked on her ankle, pausing for a moment as his tongue played with an anklet. His hands caressed her toes and arch. He looked into her eyes as he nibbled, sucking her toes. His tongue swept across her arch. His teeth nibbled up her calf and thigh. She leaned back on her elbows in the cool grass, the rain flowing off her chin. One tit exposed in all its delicious glory and the other covered again by the thin, stretched constraints of her dress. She sighed deep in her throat as his lips sucked and his teeth nibbled inside her thigh, "mmmggrrrrr..." close, but not touching her swollen pussy. She breathed in slowly and deeply through her nose as he paused over her wanting cunny... exhaling his hot breath on her wetness while his tongue flicked the tips of her soft fur. She exhaled audibly. He shifted... renewing the sensations of first touch on the sensitive skin of her other thigh with the same seemingly endless array of nibbles and bites,. And she greedily sucked in air as he passed in the same pattern across her womanhood again... to one thigh and back... and again. 
