 If you remember from my first story I just had a nice hot time with Brooke on Friday night. Afterwards I fell asleep in her apartment because she made a request about maybe needing a protein shake in the morning. Well she was true to her word. 

There is nothing quite like waking up to the feel of a nice hot wet mouth wrapped around your cock.  I later came to find out she woke up and discovered the morning wood and couldn't help herself. She was welcome to help herself to as much of that as she wanted in my opinion. I just looked down into her eyes as she stared up into mine. Apparently she had been watching my face the whole time since she started to see how long it would take for me to wake up from having my dick sucked. She never did tell me how long it took.

"You weren't kidding about needing that shake were you?" I asked.

Pulling her mouth off my cock she stated, "Great way to get rid of a hangover is to sweat it off so was soon as I have you primed we are going to see how much of last nights drinking we can sweat off."

Right back down her mouth went. I spread my legs to give her a better angle then realized I had cotton mouth. I needed something wet. Now I guess any other time I would think about getting a glass of water or something but when you are getting your dick sucked and you think wet you only think one thing. Besides if she was priming me I thought she might need a little warm up too.

"Why don't you swing that sweet little pussy of yours this way cause I need something wet in my mouth."

She didn't need to be asked twice. Once her little pussy was in front of my face I dived in like a man stuck in the desert digging for water. I think romance and tenderness was not something I was thinking about cause I was nibbling just as much as I was sucking and licking on her sweet little box. She definitely didn't taste the same as she did the night before but that is probably because I left a nice little deposit in her only hours earlier. I knew I was tasting my own cum and though a man's cum (even my own) doesn't turn me on I figured it would be mean for me to not eat the pussy I had came in considering she was sucking on the dick that had filled her up.  I did after awhile start paying more attention to her clit with little nibbles and licks. 

"Oh god no you don't" she stated pulling her pussy away from my face. "I am not going to let you start wearing me out with orgasms from oral. You are going to have to wear me out with this cock."

"How can I refuse such a request?" was the only answer I could think of. 

Pulling her down to the bed so I could get on top of her seemed like a mission now. She wanted to be exhausted from fucking so now I had to try and fulfill that request. I am not superman or a porn star. I know that it was going to take more work sober to satisfy this woman than drunk. Not to mention the load I had given her last night. I am sure my balls had not reproduced that much in such a short time. Her protein shake was more likely to be a protein shot. 

I decided rough was the only way to play this one. I positioned my cock at her entrance and slammed it in. She gasped in suprise and when it looked like she was about to come down from that I started pounding. Apparently she liked it because she wrapped her legs tightly around my midsection to make sure I didn't have any intentions of stopping. Her legs were even trying to pull me in harder. I have not been awake long so my arms didn't want to support me up very well so I just laid down on top of her, buried my face in her neck and kept pounding away. I must not have noticed it last night but she has a nice headboard that was hitting the wall pretty good. She wasn't hiding her enjoyment either the way she was moaning and encouraging me.

"Fuckin son of a bitch this is the way to wake up in the morning" is the only coherent thing she said at any point of me laying into her. 

Finally I started to slow and tire which she sensed. She unlocked her legs and rolled us over so she was on top. She positioned her self nice and solid with her feet flat on the bed and her hands on my chest. She looked down at my face like the cat that just swallowed the mouse. 

"My Turn" was all she said.

She started bouncing on up and down on my cock just as hard as I was pounding her before if not harder. To say we were getting sweaty was an understatement. Her hair was getting soaked and she was dripping sweat onto me. Her pussy was flooding my cock over and over with her juices. I was definitely going to need a shower after this. 

"My god this is better than Stairmaster" she stated quite frankly at one point.

"We are definitely getting a work out, or at least my dick is" was my reply.

She just smiled and panted some more. I knew she had to be getting tired and I knew I wasn't going to keep this up much longer. I thought of putting her doggie and figured that was a decent way to go. 

"I think I am rested enough to finish this off" I told her.

She stopped bouncing and got off me. I positioned her on her knees. She tried to lay her head down on the pillow but instead I made her grab her headboard with her hands while I grabbed her shoulders for good leverage. I started pounding into her again. This was apparently what she needed cause she started moaning like crazy.

"Uh uh uh uh....I am going to cum finally" she stated I think loud enough for the neighbors to hear. 

Her pussy clamped down on my cock and she started jerking like crazy. I could feel I wasn't going to last much longer with the way she was gripping my cock with her pussy. When she finally settled down enough I pulled out, grabbed her sides, and flipped her onto her back. I straddled her chest and put my cock right in her mouth and started cumming. It felt like buckets but I know it was not. I know there was no way I was that reloaded after last night. She swallowed every last bit of it too.

Finally spent I pulled my shrinking cock from her mouth and sat down. Still panting from exhaustion. 

"Was your shake good?" I asked her.

"That is a much better eye opener than coffee" she said while giggling.

I looked over at the clock and saw it was almost noon. I told her I didn't want to run like a bandit but I knew my friends would wonder what happened to me. She understood and said she had to get cleaned up as well. I put my underwear and pants on then picked up the rest of my clothing. As I walked out of her room I saw her roommate in the kitchen looking at me with a smile then started clapping me as I made my way to the door. That was a good ego boost I thought. I walked back over to my friend's apartment carrying my clothes. The door was unlocked so I just opened it then went in. 

Mike and Jill were sitting on the couch as I walked in. They looked at me funny trying to figure out why I was carrying my clothes as well as soaked. I think the smell of sex was with me as well because as I got closer to their location they figured it out.

"So that was use that was making all the noise just a little bit ago" was the first thing Mike said to me. 

"Whoa I think you need to get in the shower stud" was Jill's remark.

"Shower, soap, liquid, food, and new genitals then I will be in great shape" was my reply.

"Well the shower and soap is down the hall. Then when you are dressed we will go get some lunch. I don't think I can do anything about replacing the genitals though unless we go raid the science department for some animal genitals" is what Jill said while laughing the whole time.

"It might be an improvement if we give him a mouse's dick" was mike comment. 

"Even so I will still be bigger than you Mike so you better find two mice" was my reply with a chuckle.

I made my way into the shower with little difficulty. Showering felt so good to get all the sweat off my body. After the shower and toweling myself dry I realized that I didn't stop to grab some clothes to change into after the shower. They were still with the rest of my stuff. I wrapped the towel around my waist and snuck out to get to my stuff. I got into the spare room where my stuff was sitting. Towels don't always wrap themselves around you as well as you would like. As I bent down to get some clothes out the towel slipped off. This of course would have to happen right as Jill was checking to see how long I would be til I was ready. Well the moon was full that day and my cheeks got beet red. She just turned quickly and apologized while laughing. She only saw my butt so I know she wasn't laughing at my penis size. 

I got dressed and threw a hat on so I wouldn't have to fuck with my hair. We then headed out to lunch. This was just the beginning of a very long and eventful day for me.

To be continued...