 It is a bright summer day, 80 degrees with a cool breeze. You and I decide to go to a park and have a picnic. While I pack the food, you get the car ready. After getting a blanket, the bikes, and the radio and putting them into the car you come back in the house, and while I'm packing the picnic basket you come behind me and give me a hug. I grab your strong arms and squeeze them and turn to kiss you.

You always kiss me so delicately and tenderly. I close my eyes and relax into your embrace. As my tongue enters your mouth and meets yours they dance lustfully. Your kiss reminds me of the wonderful man you are. When the kiss ends you rest your lips on my forehead and kiss me one final time before grabbing the basket and heading to the car. On your way out of the door you yell back "I'm ready to go when you are." After that kiss, I'm frozen in my spot and yearning for you, so, I take a deep breath, grab my sun glasses and walk out of the door.

On the drive, I find your hand and message it gently. With both my hands I move in between your fingers. I lift your hand to my mouth and gently kiss it, one finger at a time. Then I take your index finger and begin to lick it. Slowly I slide your finger into my mouth and you feel my tongue rotating around it. I love teasing you, and I can tell it is working because your pants are starting to bulge. I take your wet finger and slide it down my chest, navigating my full tits, you feel my nipples harden. When I look up at you, your grin says it all and your deep breaths tell me I'm doing great.

Once we arrive, I lean over and kiss your cheek and tell you I love you. I hop out of the car and begin to get things out. I spread the table cloth on the picnic table and begin to take out our food. Slowly you get out of the car, trying to calm yourself. Our eyes meet and you flash your impressive smile at me. I walk over and tell you how damn sexy you are and that you are about to get lucky. I smack your ass and walk back to the table and finish getting everything out.

With the food all set, and the bikes out I tell you to sit at the table, facing out. Shielded by trees, I turn the music on and begin to dance. Smiling at me, you cross your arms and get ready for what is about to happen. You watch as I run my hands from my neck, down to my chest. Slowly gliding, I grab my tits and bite my bottom lip. Staring directly into your brilliant eyes, I begin to unbutton my shirt. One at a time you see the shirt fall open, slowly revealing my red lace bra. When the final button was complete, I slid my shirt off my shoulders and let it fall to the ground.

My red bra reveals my erect nipples and I notice you begin to grow at the sight of them. I trace my nipples and slowly turn around. Bending over, you see the outline of my thong and then my hands run up my inner thighs. I see you start to shift so I tell you to stay and watch. Standing back up, I glide my shorts down enough where you can see my tatoo and the top of my red lace thongs. The bow made you want to grab it with your teeth and take me, but you refrain and keep watching. Your cock is so swollen now, that you have to release it. Moving your pants down you begin to rub yourself.

My shorts drop to the ground and I begin to rub my ass as I back closer to you. The breeze picks up and reminds us that we are outside. When my taut ass reaches you, I feel your hands begin to rub it. You run your hands up my back, around my sides and grab my breasts. Squeezing them, you pull me closer. I turn around and remove your hands from me, placing them on the bench. I am in control.

Turning back around I begin to grind my hot pussy up against your leg. My pussy is so hot for you, I almost can't control my urge to make love to you. Taking a deep breath, I turn around and begin to grind my hips, rubbing my wet clit up against your hard cock. With each stroke, I let you enter me a little more. As my pussy massages your stick, you pull my bra straps down, take my breasts out and begin to suck me. 

When you take my nipple into your mouth, I get so aroused I sit down on you, letting you dive deep inside of me. My vagina is so wet and hot, I hear you let out a growl. Feeling how hard you are, I thrust down on you, I whisper in your ear "your cock gets me so hot." Feeling my warm breath on your neck, you turn your head and French kiss me. Your tongue makes me quake as it enters my mouth with fervent desire. I lace my fingers in the back of your hair and pull your kiss into me.

Feeling that I am getting too close to exploding, I slide off of you and give you head. I bend over and eat you. My mouth wraps around your dick and my sucking drives you wild, I feel you slide your hand down my back, gliding across my milky ass, and when you reach my swollen clit, your finger enters me. My heart begins to race as I approach climax. 

I stand up, sit on you again and being to pound you. I take your hand and suck the finger that you used to enter me. After slowly pulling it out of my mouth, I kiss you. Our lips meet with such a passionate rush and my clit pumping up and down on you so hard makes us erupt. Your hot come makes my pussy get so wet and tight, I dig my fingers into your back and push my hips harder onto you.

With my sweaty tits pushed against your sexy chest, I begin to kiss your neck. I move up to your ear and you feel my tongue caress your ear lobe. When I bite down on it, I tighten my clit one more time around you, the sensation is so great that you grab my ass and hold me still.

As our bodies relax, we hold each other tight, enjoying how each other's bodies feel pressed up against each other. You kiss my neck and work your way to my lips. When our lips meet, I open my eyes. Looking at each other we smile, take a deep breath, and you say "I adore you."