  (The fifth installment in the Lance Sheldon Chronicles)

Chapter 1: The Proposal 

"Oh shit. I can't believe you're going to really do this," Lance Sheldon said to himself, as he pulled into the parking lot of the store Rebecca Goldstein and her husband owned. Lance had been hot for Mrs. Goldstein ever since he had her daughter, Kara, in his third grade class two years ago. He loved the way she presented herself, in her array of pantsuits and high heels. The way her pants always hugged her ass, never escaped his attention. 

Lance was halfway through the front door when he got nervous, and turned to walk back to his truck. "Hey Stranger!" He froze, instantly recognizing the voice that caught him before he could make his escape.

Turning around with a concentrated effort, to render the expression on his face anything but Oh fucking shit, he smiled. "Good morning, Mrs. Goldstein. How are you this morning?" 

"I'm doing very well and yourself, Mr. Sheldon?"

"I'm doing awesomely, thank you."

"Well, what brings you over this way today?"

"I was wondering if I could talk to you about an employment opportunity," Lance said truthfully. 

"Oh, you're looking for summer work. Why don't we step into my office and we can discuss some options," Mrs. Goldstein suggested, as she started toward the back of the store. Without replying, Lance followed behind, waiting to explain his situation in the privacy of the office. 

Once in the office, Lance looked around the walls while Mrs. Goldstein shut the door behind him. A dozen or so pictures lined the walls of the office. There were pictures of young kids, sunsets, beaches, and animals. The pictures looked professionally done, but Lance was pretty sure he knew why those particular pictures made their way to Mrs. Goldstein's walls. "These are awesome pictures, Mrs. Goldstein," Lance said enthusiastically. 

"Please, it's Becky, and thank you, Mr. Sheldon. I took, developed, and matted them all myself."

"Please, call me Lance. I had a feeling you did," Lance said, pointing to a picture of two little kids on a carousel. "That one is the same one you gave me as a present last year." 

"So it is," Becky replied. "Have a seat Lance, and we can discuss a couple of openings I have for summer help."

"I'm not actually looking for a job for myself," Lance explained. "I'm looking for employment for someone else."

"Oh, you have a friend that would like a job?" inquired Becky. 

Now feeling anxious and awkward, Lance continued, "Well, I don't know if this friend would want this job or not."

"I don't understand what you're getting at, Lance. You're trying to get a job for a friend who may not want the job?" 

"Well, I would like to hire someone for a job I want done this summer. I am in an interesting situation. For some time now, I have wanted to do a photo shoot. Not just any photo shoot, however. I want to be the center of a provocative photo shoot. My wife laughed at the idea and said that I was ridiculous. So, I wanted to find someone I could hire, not only in a professional capacity, but also someone that I would be comfortable enough with to be traipsing around scantily clothed."

"And you thought of me?" Becky questioned, as if she was completely befuddled. 

"Yes, I thought of you immediately, actually. We've always had a strong rapport with one another, I have always felt very comfortable around you, and you are amazing with a camera," Lance explained again pointing out the picture filled walls. "The thing is, we need to keep this on the extreme down low. My wife thinks it's ridiculous, so I don't want her to know anything about it, if we decide to do it."

"Well, I have to agree. This is an interesting and unique offer you've presented me with. Not something I have done before. We would need to keep it on the down low on both our ends. I don't think my husband would be all that enthusiastic about this type of a gig. I'll tell you what I'm going to do. Today is Tuesday. You give me three days to think it over. Come back in Friday morning, and I will let you know what I've decided." With that, Becky Goldstein stood up, walked to the door, and opened it. 

Lance stood up, huge smile on this face, and headed for the opened door, stopping to shake Becky's hand. "Thank you for your time, Mrs Go.... Becky. See you on Friday."

"No problem, Mr. Sh...Lance. Thanks for coming in. See you on Friday," Becky smiled back.

Chapter 2: Contemplation 

Oh man, oh man, Lance thought to himself as he walked out of the Goldstein's store, you actually did it. Lance couldn't believe that he actually followed through with what he thought only a fantasy for the past few months. Now all I have to do is wait. Three days. Three Frigging days. 

Wow! Becky thought to herself as she closed her office door behind her daughter's former teacher. Did he really ask he what I think he asked me? He wants me to take provocative photos of him? What does that mean, scantily clad? Does that mean boxers? Naked? Wow! Her mind was spinning as she sat back down at her desk and went back to work. 

*   **

As Becky lay in bed that night, she tossed and turned, unable to get the thought of the potential gig, that Lance Sheldon had proposed to her earlier in the day, off her mind. Fighting the inability to sleep, Becky crawled out of bed and made her way to the kitchen for a drink of water. 

"Stop thinking about this for just tonight. I can't take on this assignment. It's wrong," Becky told herself, as she grabbed a glass and turned on the faucet. She looked up at the microwave and realized it was 3:30 in the morning. Turning off the faucet she thought, I need more than water. She walked over to and opened the refrigerator door. Quickly scanning its contents for just the right refreshment for the occasion, Becky spotted it and grabbed it. She began to feel more relaxed as she poured herself a glass of red vine. After replacing the bottle and picking up her glass, Becky went through the darkened house to the living room, where she slumped down on the couch. 

As she sipped her wine, more specific thoughts of photographing Mr. Lance Sheldon ran through her head. He is a young, attractive man with a great personality. If I were to take on the job, I would conduct myself in a professional capacity, and charge Lance my going hourly rate. In addition to getting paid to complete a new and exciting photography gig, I will get to see a desirable man's chiseled body. It was well known around school that Mr. Sheldon was a bit of a health freak and attended his local gym often. Will I see his defined abs and chest? That tight little ass? Will he get completely naked? All these thoughts were beginning to have an affect on more than just Rebecca Goldstein's mind. As she set her glass of wine on the coffee table, she felt her nipples getting hard. She tilted her head back, slowly reaching under her short little nighty, and began massaging her clitoris with one hand and her nipples with the other. 

"Oh, Mr. Sheldon," she said out loud. "Just like that. I love the way you touch me. You keep that up and you're going to make me cum before you even fuck me." 

* **

"Honey, wake up. You need to get ready for work. What are you doing down here anyway?" Raymond Goldstein asked, nudging his sleeping wife. 

"Huh? What? What's going on? Becky mumbled. 

"That's what I was wondering," said her husband. "What are you doing on the couch?" 

"I couldn't sleep, so I came down, got a glass of wine, and sat down on the couch. I must have fallen asleep. Is it Friday?" she asked, glancing over at the empty glass on the coffee table.

"No, it's 6:00 Wednesday morning. You need to get up, take a shower, and get dressed. We have a staff meeting at 7:30." 

"Okay, okay. Relax," Becky instructed, as she got off the couch and headed upstairs to take a shower. 

Man, was that a rough night, Becky thought to herself as she stripped off her nighty and climbed in the shower. At least now I know what I have to do about the situation. Rebecca Goldstein was a confident woman, and now she was confident about the difficult decision she had to make in regards to her old friend Lance Sheldon. 

Becky went through her day completely focused on the business at hand. She was able keep the "situation" out of her mind the entire day. She led staff meeting, held a business proposal with a potentially very large client, and met with a number of smaller clients. 

The nightstand alarm clock read 10:30 as Becky lay down in bed next to her husband, who had fallen asleep watching T.V. a half an hour earlier. Unlike the previous night, falling asleep was not an issue. After only ten minutes of reading, she felt herself drifting off to sleep. Elated that sleeping was not going to be a struggle tonight, Becky closed her book, placed it on the nightstand, and turned out her light. It felt like only seconds before Rebecca Goldstein was dead to the world. 

"Mmmm, Mr. Sheldon, teach me a lesson. I've been a bad girl. I need to be punished."

"You do, do you? Well, naughty girl, I think you should suck my cock. Oh yeah. Just like that. Aw huh. That feels so good. You like when I fuck your face like that. I think I need to eat that hot pussy of yours."

"I would love that, Mr. Sheldon. I'm sorry I was a bad girl. Please show me how to be a good girl. I want to be a good girl. Oh, my! Your tongue feels so good. Am I being a good girl?"

"You are working hard at it, Becky, however, I think you need to invite me to stick my throbbing cock in this amazing pussy of yours." 

"Well, if that will make me a... Oh yeah. Damn, that feels good. Fuck me good, Mr. Sheldon!

"You are so tight, Becky. Fucking you is so awesome."

"You think so? You keep that up and you're going to make me cum."

"I know, and I want to make you cum and drip all over my cock."

"Oh Baby, don't stop! That feels so good. Faster! Harder! Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum. Oh, don't stop! I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Holy shit!" 

"You like that, Baby? Feel good? Now I'm gonna cum all over you. How's that sound?"

"Please, Mr. Sheldon. I deserve it. Show me that huge cock. Yeah. I want to suck and jerk you till you cum." 

"You want to what?" Raymond Goldstein inquired of his dreaming wife. "Becky, what are you talking about?" he continued, shaking the dreaming girl's shoulders.

Coming to consciousness and looking up at her husband, Becky stammered, "Oh wow. Thank goodness it was only a dream. This man was trying to force me into his car. I told him to suck it you jerk, I'm not coming with you." She had always been quick on her feet, and Becky Goldstein was pleased with herself. 

Her husband seemed to buy the explanation as he kissed her and asked her if she was all right. Appearing content with his wife's nod yes, Raymond Goldstein turned over and went back to sleep.

Damn you, Lance Sheldon! Becky thought, as she too turned over and tried to go back to sleep. What should I do with you?

* **

"Wake up you hard working kids! It's 6:00, and time to get ready for another hard day at the office!" the morning DJ exclaimed, as the alarm clock beside Becky went off. 

"Damn. Didn't I just shut my eyes?" she grumbled, reaching to shut the alarm clock off, crawling out of bed, and heading for the shower, leaving her husband in their bed, still sleeping. 

"I can't take this anymore. I'm not waiting till Friday," Beck said out loud, stepping into the shower. "I will call Lance this morning and ask him to come in today so I can finally put an end to this dilemma."

* **

"Hi, Lance. It's Becky Goldstein. I've thought about your inquiry regarding the employment opportunity, and I have come to a decision. Would you be able to come in today instead of tomorrow to discuss the situation?"

"Oh, yes of course. What time works for you?" Lance asked wondering what a call from Becky Goldstein a day early could mean.

"How about 3:00 this afternoon," she suggested.

"That works. 3:00 it is. See you then.

"See you at 3:00."

Chapter 3: Details

Driving to the Goldstein's store a day earlier than scheduled, Lance was anxious, nervous, and excited all at the same time. Given that Becky had called him, and requested to see him, meant that she had made up her mind. Because it took her less time than expected, Lance knew it could go either way; she has decided to take him up on his offer and she wants to discuss the logistics, or she has decided to reject his offer and just wants to put the issue to rest. 

Taking a deep breath, he walked into Raymond and Rebecca's place of business. "Mr. Sheldon, I presume?" asked the cute, little, blonde girl behind the counter. 

"Ah...yes, that's me," Lance said, a bit surprised. 

"Mrs. Goldstein said to send you to her office," the little blond girl continued. 

"Thank you," he said as he headed for Rebecca Goldstein's office, his heart pounding. 

"Good afternoon, Lance. Right on time. Please come on in, shut the door behind you, if you would, and have a seat. 

"Hi Becky. Don't mind if I do," Lance replied, with an obvious attempt at keeping himself from looking anxious. "I have to admit, I was a bit surprised when I got your phone call."

"I thought you might be, but I felt it only right to get my feelings out in the open. Waiting just wouldn't make sense for either of us. I thought long and hard about your proposal both after you left Tuesday and yesterday, and after going back and forth a couple of times, I believe I have made my decision. 

"I see," Lance said uneasily. 

"You were right in everything you said the other day. We have always had a strong rapport with one another, and I have always felt as comfortable around you as you have around me."

"Absolutely." Lance was encouraged.

"However, this is a very delicate and serious endeavor you have asked me to take part in. Although I have some misgivings about the idea, and think that it is probably in both our best interests not to go through with the task, I have decided to reserve my final decision until after we have discussed the details." 

"That sounds fair," he assured Becky, and began answering her inquiries. He cleared up the two biggest questions Becky had about her potential job. He would indeed pay the going rate of $50 an hour for at least one hour, maybe two, and provocative meant pictures with no shirt right from the start, some pictures in his boxers, some in different costumes, and if the shoot is going well and both participants are comfortable enough, maybe a couple of nude pictures. 

After listening to all the information Lance provided, Becky thought for a second before confirming, "So, I will charge you $50 an hour, will work for anywhere between one and two hours, and we'll only do nude photos if we're both comfortable with the idea?" 

"Absolutely. We will treat this as a professional photo assignment, and neither of us has to do anything that we're not comfortable with." 

"Because it's you and we're entering into a paid professional agreement, I am going to go against my better judgment and agree to do this photo shoot. 

"Awesome! Will a day next week work for you?" asked Lance enthusiastically. 

After glancing at her calendar, she looked up. "I can do Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday. Will any of those days work for you?" 

Hoping for the best, Lance knew what days that would work for him for the coming three weeks. "How about Thursday at 1:00 in the afternoon?" 

"That works." Becky confirmed the appointment by scrolling something on her calendar. Standing up and walking to Lance's side of the desk, she shook his hand. "Well, I guess I will see you at your place on Thursday at 1:00."

Unable to control his excitement, he wrapped his arms around her. "Thank you so much," he said, sounding like a kid on Christmas morning. Writing his address on a piece of paper on her desk, he continued, "Plug this into your GPS and it will bring you right to my house." 

"I will be sure to do that," she assured her newest photography client, as she opened the door to her office. "Have a great weekend."

"You too. Thanks again," Lance said, exiting Becky's office, shit eating grin and all. Elated at the idea of Rebecca Goldstein coming to his house to take provocative pictures of him, Lance couldn't stop smiling as he passed the cute, blond girl at the front of the store. "Have an awesome day!" he practically yelled at her, as he opened the door and left the store.

Sitting back down at her desk, Becky was completely beside herself with the agreement she had just made. What was she thinking? Was she thinking? She planned on turning down Lance's offer no matter his explanation. Why had her conscience allowed her to make a decision that was sure to become trouble one way or another. "I hope Thursday gets here soon," she said, "I can't take anymore nights like the last two."



Chapter 4: The Shoot 

As Lance laid out the last of the outfits he planned to wear for his sexy photo shoot, with his very own professional photographer, he looked up at the clock. 12:45. Fifteen minutes before Becky was scheduled to arrive. Going back over the itinerary in his head, he reviewed all of the outfits and characters he planned to become for the shoot. First, he'd start light as an athlete with a simple pair of sweat pants, then move to an underwear model in his boxers. After the outfits became more fun. Lance had pulled out all of the Halloween costumes he had accumulated since he was a teenager. He planned to be a wide variety of half naked characters including: the Lone Ranger, a cop, a ninja, a G.I. Joe action figure, a butler, a president, a hippie, a king, a pirate, and if these all went over well, he would change out of his boxers and into his athletic support and baseball cap and be a bat wielding slugger for his favorite baseball team, the Red Sox. 

Lance stood in the extra bedroom of his home, that he designated as his office, daydreaming about the photo shoot that was just about to take place, when one of his dogs ran to the front door barking. Gathering his thoughts together, he ran down the stairs, stopped at the bottom, and walked coolly to the front door. Seeing Becky's smiling face, he said, "Good afternoon, Ma'am. Come on in."

"Good afternoon, Sir. It's nice to see you. I've come prepared. I brought my best camera and a multitude of lenses," she pleasantly informed him.

"Perfect," Lance said approvingly, handing her an extra memory card. "I have the memory card." 

"Very good, Sir. Why don't we get started."

"Sounds good," he said walking toward the stairs. Climbing the stairs and leading Becky to his office, Lance explained, "I've assembled all the outfits I want to wear, so it will save us some time."

"Good idea," Becky said in agreement.

"I just need a sec to change into the first outfit," he said, shutting the door, leaving Becky standing in the hallway by herself. "Okay. Come on in," he instructed, after finishing "dressing" for the first round of shooting.

Becky turned the knob and came in shooting. "Oh yeah, Baby. Just like that. Put your hands on your hips." What an amazing set of chiseled abs this man has. Look at that chest. "Flex for me, Mr. Athlete of the Year. Cross those arms. Good. Now, put them behind your head. Let's see those abs." After clicking off about a dozen pictures, she asked, "What else do you have for me, Mr. Sheldon?" 

"Well, I'd like to do similar pictures in my boxers, if that's cool."

"Don't see why not," Becky replied. 

"Easy enough," he said, quickly pulling off his sweat pants at the same time, leaving him in just his boxers. 

Lance continued to change costumes and pose in a multitude of ways as Becky continuously snapped pictures. He was just about to put on his tie and Bill Clinton mask when she said, "These costumes are cute and all, but wouldn't you really like to shake things up and take some really hot pics?"
