 "I'm your girlfriend's pinch hitter tonight," she said to me, sliding in next to my barstool, her tits rubbing against my forearms and diverting my attention from the Orioles game on the television screen above the taps. And, yes, they were losing.

I recognized her, albeit vaguely. Not that she was hard on the eyes, mind you, but she was one of those women in any bar that would not have attracted your immediate attention, usually. Cute, definitely, but not a knockout. Tonight, however, well, she was attired a bit differently than when I had seen her in the past, and it never hurts a man's attention span when a pair of firm tits has grazed along your arm and a warm thigh, clad in a mini-skirt, is touching your own bare legs. Baseball game? What baseball game?

"Oh, hi," I responded, initially disinterestedly, until my eyes lowered to her tanned, thin legs rubbing against mine beneath the ledge of the bar. Fit and lean, they no doubt had to be a companion for a taut set of buns, also, I quickly surmised. I scanned the nether regions of my memory, trying to recall when Dianne had introduced me to her a few weeks ago. "Mary, isn't it?"

She sniffed her little freckled nose upward in a fleeting display of scorned huffiness. "Kathy," she snorted. "It's Kathy. And I'll guarantee by the end of the night you won't forget it."

The flash of temper in her blue-green eyes intrigued me immediately. Feisty women are always the most passionate fucks, its a time-tested personal hypothesis. A redhead, too, huh? At least a semi-redhead. Her hair was partially obscured behind a golf cap and pushed up into a tight ponytail, the tail portion dangling out from the adjustable snaps on the rear of the cap, but it looked to be strawberry-blonde, with an emphasis on strawberry. 

Very tasty. Why hadn't I paid her more attention in the past? Maybe it was because I was always getting ready to escort Dianne out of the tavern. Dianne, the married woman whom I had met in this very bar about a month ago and who had become my regular fuck-buddy since that time, was at a social event with hubby tonight, leaving me seemingly content to have a few beers solo and watch and see how many balls Kevin Millwood could throw that eventually landed on Eutaw Street. So far tonight there had been two already, and it was only the fourth inning. A typical Millwood performance, so why not divert my attention indeed?

"I'm sorry, Kathy," I replied, trying to display sincerity. "Trust me, I won't forget again." And I wouldn't. Boyohboy, was she ever correct about that. "But what's this about my girlfriend? I don't have a girlfriend."

Kathy arched her back as she slid deeper into the barstool beside my own. Her tits pushed against her pink Izod golf shirt as she did so. The shirt was the kind with the tiny alligator logo on the chest. I had a sudden urge to pet an alligator, strangely enough. She smiled at me, knowingly, as if she was in on a shared secret. 

I hate it when women do that.

"Dianne," she smirked. "Or don't you consider her your girlfriend? Maybe just your steady fuck recently, would that description fit?"

I tried hard to conceal my surprise, but I guess I really shouldn't have been too dumbfounded, because admittedly, Dianne and I probably hadn't been too smart or discrete in our dalliances. She would meet me here several night a week around nine o'clock, we would leave the bar together and go to my place to fuck, and in a rather inebriated state last week, with my beer muscles talking, I just might have mentioned these trysts to my bartender buddy, Sean, who I came to learn did not adhere to the unspoken bartender's credo of confidentiality.

Kathy's next words confirmed that I was the only one who had spilled the beans.

"I'm Dianne's neighbor, she's told me all about you." This raised my eyebrows, and Kathy noticed the effect her revelation had on me. "Yep, everything. Your tongue, your cock, your stamina." This conversation had just taken an unexpected fork in the road, and I wasn't sure to be concerned or aroused. Concerned was winning between my ears, but aroused always holds the trump card, in my case the eight-inch of clubs.

She reached over and pilfered a long swig of my draft beer, and continued rather matter-of-factly. "Di says you're the best fuck she's ever had, and tonight, seeing as she can't make it since she's at her country club event with hubby, well, I volunteered to sit in for her, wasn't that neighborly of me?"

She rubbed her small hand up along the skin of my thigh and eased it under the hem of my Bermuda shorts, stopping just below my crotch, my rising cock inching toward her hand. She glanced for just a moment at the television screen. "So, again, I'm here pinch-hitter, I want to take my swings." She glanced at her wristwatch while placing her full palm directly on my lap. "I have about an hour-and-a-half, maybe two hours, tops, until my own husband will be wondering where I am." 

Jeezus, what is it about being married that makes these hot women want to find a boyfriend, I wondered. But not for too long.

Her hand squeezed my bulge more tightly. "Let's find a few holes in the infield for this Louisville Slugger, shall we? I'll follow you to your place in my own car to save time, I know you live real close, Dianne told me." She got up from the stool and issued a thought-provoking declaration.

"Oh, and by the way, I know Dianne is gorgeous and probably a real hot fuck, but I come with a guarantee that my pussy will do things to you that no pussy had done before." Now, I ask you, what man can resist a challenge like that? 

Not me.

Seven minutes later, we entered my condo on the third floor, and the walk up the flight of stairs provided me with the opportunity to observe that Kathy was adorned in a light pink, lacy thong beneath her beige mini-skirt, revealing a bikini tan line high on her tight buttocks. This same view was further revealed when she eased the side zipper down and stepped out of her skirt immediately after entering the front door, divulging a neatly trimmed triangle of auburn pubic hair right above her mons.

She smiled at me as I gazed admiringly at her twat, and she next raised her arms and pulled the Izod blouse over her head, popping the golf cap off of her head as she did so, and the ponytail came loose and a tuft of curly, strawberry tresses cascaded down onto and over her bra-encased breasts. 

"Beautiful," I whispered admiringly. " Like liquid fire... you should always wear it down." 

With one hand, she brushed the mane away from her boobs, and with the other, she deftly unsnapped the back clasp and a pair of perfectly proportioned tits spilled out. They reminded me of a prototypical college cheerleaders's tits, they were so firm and pert that they pointed up almost directly northward, and two gumdrop-sized bright pink nipples pushed out of the almost infinitesimal areolas.

She stood in front of me wearing only a sheer thong, a pair of sneakers, ankle socks and a smile, and pinched her nipples with one hand while the other began to ease the thong down her lithe thighs until she kicked it off her ankles so that I could already see the glimmering moisture between her legs. She walked towards my couch, permitting me an unfettered view of her athletic butt, and plopped herself down on it, grabbing the back of her thighs and raising her legs almost over her head at a seventy-five degree angle.

She rubbed her clit with one finger and twirled it in a slow, circular motion. "Do you like that?" she asked.

It did not take Nostradamus to predict my answer "Yeah," I grunted. She curled a finger from her other hand and motioned to me in a 'come-hither' gesture. I complied willingly, kneeling in front of her, inhaling her scent, watching the bright pink rose-like petals of her labia blossom and spread before my very eyes. 

She grabbed one of my hands and guided it to her breasts and took the other and guided it over her stomach to her vagina. "Play with my pussy for a little while," she told me. "You'll like it, it's like no other you've had, I assure you." My tongue soon joined my hands on her rising nipples, while my middle finger eased into the tighest, hottest cunt I had ever felt, and her inner muscles immediately and instinctively began to grind on my invading digit as warm liquid seeped from her beautiful gash. "Told ya," she gloated huskily.

I moved from her tits down her belly, over the mound of her neatly-shaven snatch. I licked my way around her pussy and slowly moved my tongue between her lips, she was steaming hot, sopping wet and she tasted wonderful. She lifted her knees high and allowed them to fall apart, opening her throbbing tunnel to my teasing tongue. I licked further down, and inserted my tongue into her wet warm cunt. My cock was going crazy, I could feel pre-cum dripping down my leg, and I had to reach down to yank off my shorts to give myself sweet release.

I started flicking her clit with my long tongue; sucking on it I could hear her soft moans. While licking her clit, I inserted another finger into her sweet pussy, and started finger- fucking her, slowly in and out, and she found my rhythm and moved with me, thrusting her hips against the deep, digital intruders in time to my insertions. While I was fingering her and licking her clit, I began to use my other hand to gently rub her ass, gently probing for, and eventually finding her little pink asshole. Using a wet finger, I rimmed the sensitive entrance, preparing it to except my finger. She moaned lustfully as she felt the strange but welcome sensation as I increased the pressure in the center of the tight entrance and she gasped as she felt it enter her rectum. At first she wanted to stop me but the thrilling sensations of my probing tongue on her clit and my fingers inside her cunt and now the intrusion of my finger in her ass was just too much. She lifted her legs higher and reaching down took her buttocks in her hands and opened herself fully to me.

My well-lubricated finger penetrated her anus with ease as she relaxed and accepted the intrusion. The warm, firm grip of her sphincter closed around me as I inserted my finger more deeply. She groaned and I felt her ass and cunt clamp down on my fingers in tandem as I continued lashing and sucking on her swollen, throbbing clit. 

I knew she was going to come soon, I could feel her body stiffening up in conjunction with her writhing cunt. I twitched and tickled the inside of her pussy and I felt a rumbling deep within her thighs, and my finger split her ass apart a bit more which felt, in Kathy's mewing words "soooo fucking nice" and I knew it was too late to stop her explosion. She came in my mouth, hard, a warm squish of sweet juices flooding between my lips and I loved the taste of her, it was perhaps the sweetest cunt cocktail ever. There's just something about a redhead's cunt flavors that tastes indescribably wonderful.

Of course, all of this just made my cock go crazier. I withdrew my mouth and fingers slowly from her various gaping orifices, and lay on my back on the couch. Still gyrating in orgasmic after-shock, Kathy climbed on top of me, straddling my long cock. I lifted her petite body up gently; she reached between our legs and guided the tip of my cock between her swollen and still pulsing cunt lips. I felt my engorged cockhead at the tight opening of her vulva and, sitting down finally, she let my cock slide gently and mercifully into her snug, clenched cunt, and as she rocked up and down, adjusting to my girth, she reached behind her and started to stroke my shaft as she rode me.

My cock sprang to meet her fingers as she reached between us. She stroked softly at the top of my shaft when I exited her on my up-thrusts, then she reached down to cup my balls. The pressure of my balls in her tiny hand was incredible, her grip soft but firm. Teasing and tugging my scrotum, her nails then trailed ever-so-lightly over the sprinkling of hair on my balls. Finally her hand grasped my thick shaft fully and rode it from base to tip as her cunt muscles simultaneously tightened impossibly. I looked down and watched as a drop of glistening precum emerged from my tip when her hips rose over me. 

I groaned as her fingers slid across the single drop and I bought it to my lips to lick; to taste the saltiness; to tease. Moaning as I licked the tasty treat from my finger, I could feel the ache building again in my testes, and I was now gasping for breath. More than anything, I wanted to concentrate on pleasing my new lover, and could already acknowledge her confident guarantee: this was a pussy unlike any other that I'd had. Yet she had undeniably assumed control now. I was a willing captive imprisoned by her pink, hot, magical vaginal walls.

Unexpectedly, perhaps correctly sensing that her cunt and hands were pushing me to the edge of orgasm, she jumped off of me and landed on her knees in front of me and before I realized it, her pink lips had hungrily consumed my cock.

This young, horny redhead sucking my cock wasn't helping my supposedly esteemed stamina. She wasn't just good, she was incredible. Her mouth was like a tight rubber band on my cock. How she got it all into that tiny mouth, I don't know, but she did, slobbering and spitting all over it. And even better, she seemed not to have a gag reflex like most women. She could take my entire cock, damn near eight inches, deep into her mouth, the head and the shaft would end up in her throat as her nose was pressed up against the trimmed hairs over my crotch. 

Often her tongue would worm out to lick at the tops of my balls when she did that, which told me she either must have the longest tongue in the world or the most flexible. In any event, all but one vital part of my body was now officially silly putty.

That tongue was driving me crazy, harder motions, harder strokes, faster and faster her hungry mouth swallowed me, and then I saw, as I was so close myself, that she was coming, she was coming from sucking my dick, and I heard her moaning into my dick, and felt her fingers tightly clamp into my thighs, and now she just sucked me, so fast, so unbelievably fast, in, out, in, out and I felt her tremble, and heard her unable to control the guttural moan that escaped her, as her head pulled back from my cock, releasing it for a torturous moment, and her back arched again, and she came.

Her freckled face was flushed and the tangled strawberry bangs fell adorably onto her forehead and she bashfully looked up at me. "I'm sorry, I was afraid I'd bite it off when I came, that had never happened before, it scared me."

I reached down and cupped her pretty face in my hands to reassure her that it was OK that she hadn't bitten my dick off (I'm a gentleman that way, aren't I?) and made a distorted grimace and then waggled my fingers with my thumbs in my ears. 

"Boo!" I yelled, as she jumped backwards. I grinned, gently pulling her face back to its desired target. "Now that's scary! But sucking my cock off isn't, it would just grow back. So, where were we?"

She giggled delightedly and was just about to resume her expert oral administrations when her cell phone, which was tucked in her purse, squealed to life. "Oh, shit, that's probably my husband, he must be home. Shit, give me a minute, I need to answer it, please." 

She scrambled to her feet and fumbled for the phone and I could hear a gruff voice on the other end. But eavesdropping was not my primary focus, especially when she bent over the couch with her legs slightly askew and looked over her shoulder at me in a look that could not be interpreted as duplicitous, all the while calmly listening to her husband's rantings and occasionally offering a sharp, succinct retort of her own.

While the phone was still imbedded in her ear, I stood up and pushed her face first into the upholstery of the couch, kicked her legs open at the knees and began to savagely fuck her gaping, waiting cunt. This went on for a good, frantic minute, with Kathy cupping her hand over the mouthpiece to muzzle her groans as my cockhead pumped against her cervix, each thrust resulting in a snapping inside of her cunt, and the inevitable river of semen started to waft through my balls, signaling an impending torrent of cum.

As she desperately struggled to multi-task, fighting off her own orgasm while conversing with her seemingly annoyed spouse, I flipped her around in one rough motion, grabbed a fistful of hair with one hand and held her by the throat with the other, pointed my wildly twitching cock at her face and unleashed one shot after the other onto her face, the first burst splattering so hard against her eyelid that it made an audible 'pop'. 

Subsequent shots of creamy seed found her forehead, cheek, lip, nose, and chin, the drops of cum oozing down onto the cell phone, held in a death-grip within her shaking palms, as she ended the phone call with her husband, snapping the device shut, and sucked the remaining drips of cum from my cock as I pinched her sensitive nipples until she collapsed in a heap onto the floor, cumming again in a prolonged groan, covered with cum.

"I have to be heading home now, I'd better clean up a bit," she said, stating the obvious. She dabbed at the still dripping cum on her face, scooping as much as she could into her mouth, savoring the tang.

I helped her up, kissing her, sharing our sex fluids in our mouths. I asked her, "Was your husband at home?" 

She went to the bathroom closet to search for a towel, my eyes riveted on the stream of juice that was flowing into her ass cheeks.

"No, not yet, he was at the Orioles game tonight and still driving home, and he called to tell me a pinch-hitter won the game in the last inning with a home run. He wanted to know if I saw it."

She smiled at me with cum-covered lips. "So I told him, 'No, I was busy, but a pinch-hitter, hey, that's always a good strategy!' Don't you agree, John?"

I found out that Kathy's hubby goes to a lot of games, and Dianne's husband will be out-of-town a lot in the next few weeks on business, so the two women compared notes and have suggested that we schedule a doubleheader in the near future at my home field. 

I love baseball season. And now I have two starting catchers.