 She watched him walk toward her, anticipation building inside her causing the fire to beat below her belly. She smiled. How could she not? He was so handsome, smart, funny, sexy, loving, and attentive. The TOTAL package so to speak. The love she felt for him welled up in her eyes and by the time he reached her and took her into his arms, she started crying.

"Shhhhh M'Love. No crying", he said as he held her tight against her sobs.

She wrapped her arms tighter around his neck. "Happy tears, baby, they're happy tears. I just love you SO much and it just bursts out in tears," she choked out between sobs.

"I love you just as much Baby Doll," he whispered into her hair as he laid his cheek against the top of her head.

She gave a heavy sigh and lifted her head to look into his caramel colored eyes. "I know you do," she said. "I can see it when you look at me with those gorgeous eyes. Not just gorgeous in color. Gorgeous from the love, the passion, the desire," she said kissing him between each quality she listed.

He smiled at her and leaned down to kiss her. As the kiss deepened, he wound his fingers through her hair to hold her in place. He pressed her body against his and she could feel that he was becoming as aroused as she was.

When they finally broke off the kiss, he took her by the hand. "Come, M'Love. I have a surprise for you," he said as he led her over to his truck.

He led her around to the passenger side and opened the door for her. He motioned for her to climb in. After she climbed up and got settled, he closed her door and walked around to climb in the truck himself. When he climbed in, he leaned over to kiss her lightly on the cheek, but didn't say a word. Not that any were needed. They each knew how the other felt.

He turned his attention back to driving. After he put the truck in gear, he reached over and took her hand and held it, smiling. Riding in silence for all of 10 minutes, she said, "Are you going to tell me where we are going?"

"If I did that, it wouldn't be a surprise."

"Ok then, how 'bout a hint then?"

"Oh now, where would be the fun in that?"

She just squeezed his hand and smiled again.

"That's right Baby Doll. Keep smiling. I love it when you smile."

"Honey, you always make me smile. Even when I don't want to. One of the MANY things I love about you."

They drove on down the road for a while talking about how their day was going so far. The usual small talk. He was taking her down roads she had never been down before. She had no idea where in the world he was taking her.

They drove for about an hour north before he stopped at a gas station. "I just need to get some fuel. Do you need anything Love?" he asked her.

She smiled. He was always thinking of her. "I think I just need to get out and stretch my legs. And maybe use the restroom. Otherwise, I'm good. Thank you."

"I didn't ask if you're good," he said with a smile. "I KNOW you're good. I asked if you NEED anything."

"The only thing I need is you sweetheart," she said and kissed him.

They went in and paid and took their little break and headed out again. She was very excited, grabbed his hand and squeezed it. As they drove down the road, she stroked his arm, his shoulder, his face. She just couldn't stop touching him. She loved the feel of him and couldn't get enough. She was an addict and he was her addiction.

After another couple hours of driving through some very nice country, they pulled up to a cute little country cottage. It was a rustic type cottage to look at on the outside, but inside it had all the "modern" fixtures; a gas stove, microwave, dishwasher and most important, indoor plumbing.

He pulled the truck into the drive in front of the cottage and told her to stay put. She looked at him with a puzzled expression on her face, but sat still. He came around the truck to open her door for her, helped her down, took her by the hand and led her to the door.

He took her face in his hands, looked into her eyes and said, "I love you Baby Doll," before he leaned down to kiss her gently. He opened the door and led her inside.

"This is ours for the weekend baby," he said as he led her around the cottage.

"The weekend? But honey, we didn't bring any clothes or anything."

"Relax, Love," he said. He led her over to the closet and opened the door. "It's all taken care of."

She took in a deep breath and said, "Eric? None of that stuff is mine. What did you do?"

He took her in his arms and said, "So I bought a few things for you. Things I want to see you in. No big deal, Baby Doll. You deserve this weekend."

With tears in her eyes, she hugged him. "I don't deserve anything special."

He took her chin in his hand and tilted her head back to look in her eyes. "Yes M'Love. You do. After last weekend, you deserve this."

Tears welled up in her eyes as she thought of last weekend. It still hurt more than she wanted to admit. It wasn't his fault, nor did she blame him but it still hurt. They were supposed to go away for the weekend. She was in her friend's wedding and they were going to make a nice weekend of it. Only it didn't happen. Just as they were getting ready to leave, his boss called with a service job for him. No matter how much he argued, he couldn't get out of it. She was devastated. Thing was, she knew it hurt him just as much.

He kissed her tears away as he said, "Shhhh M'Love. It's ok, we have here and now."

She took his face in her hands and said, "I don't cry for me. I cry for US. I get that it hurt you as much as it did me. Your boss is an asswipe. It was not your fault. I know that baby, I know." She pulled him to her and kissed his lips gently as fresh tears started to fall.

As they kissed, his hands started to wander. As his tongue gently probed hers, he backed her against the wall. She moaned against his mouth. She loved it when he did things like that. Sometimes she preferred to be the dominant one, but most of the time, she liked to be the submissive. And the thing was, he ALWAYS knew exactly which one she needed.

He moved to pin her arms over her head as he deepened the kiss. He crushed her body with his. The weight of him pressed against her sent a shiver through her hardening her nipples, which sent a jolt somewhere lower. He moved to put his knee between her legs and pressed against her.

Keeping her pinned his kisses trailed across her cheek to her ear. He nibbled on her earlobe and kept going, kissing and nibbling on her neck. When he got to the base of her neck, he kept her pinned tight with one hand and with the other, he gripped her breast. As he started sucking on her neck, he found her hardened peak and pinched it between his fingers. The harder he pinched, the harder he sucked and bit her neck. Her breathing became quicker and shallower and her moaning became higher in pitch. He knew she was going to reach an orgasm so he kept going. Pincher nipple harder, biting her hard enough to draw blood and that took her over the edge.

After she caught her breath, he took her by the hand and led her through the bedroom to the master bath. There was a Jacuzzi tub. Around the edge of the tub were candles. He lit the candles and started the tub filling with water. Then he turned to her and held out his hand; she went to him smiling.

He sat on the edge of the tub and she came to stand in front of him. He unzipped her blouse and reached around her to unhook her bra. Letting the clothes drop to the floor, he took her breasts in his hands.

"Mmmmmm," he said taking a nipple between his teeth. "I just love the twins."

She laughed, running her fingers through his hair and kissing his forehead. "Mmmm, they love you too and what you do to them!"

With that, he took the other nipple in his mouth suckling at each of them in turn. Whichever breast he had in his mouth, he had the opposite in his hand, tweaking the nipple between his fingers. When he bit her nipples hard, she sucked in a breath, but let out a moan.

"Oh baby. You're making me SO wet."

"Oh, I can tell, believe me. But I want to feel just how wet," he said unbuttoning her shorts and sliding them off her hips.

As her shorts hit the floor, he hooked his fingers in her underwear and pulled them down oh so slowly, teasing her with more kisses on the twins and on her stomach. When he had them past her knees, he let them drop. Sliding his hand up the inside of her thigh to cup her mound, he looked at her with such passion, desire. She gasped as he slid his finger inside her slit to find her swollen nub. Then he slid a finger inside her. His finger worked inside her, his thumb worked her nub making her weak in the knees.

"Mmmmmmm, you ARE wet. But baby, I'm about to make you wetter and I don't mean in the tub. That comes in a few. You come first," he said with a wicked grin on his face.

He stood up, went to stand behind her, and bent her over the edge of the tub. He got down on his knees and spread her legs apart. He ran his hands over her butt cheeks and spread them apart. She moaned in anticipation. He leaned in and kissed each cheek and gently bit them, squeezed them. When he started licking her, he ran his hand between her legs, cupping her mound again. He slid a finger inside her just a little to tease her.

He grabbed her by her hips and turned her around. He sat her on the edge of the tub and reached around her to turn off the water. When he straightened up, he took her breasts in his hands and gently kissed her. As he deepened the kiss, he spread her legs apart. He trailed kisses down her neck nibbling as he went. Nibbling on each nipple, kissing trails down her stomach. He gently pushed her thighs open. He looked at her and smiled as he spread her nether lips apart. He dipped his head down and licked her hardened nub. She almost exploded the second he started to suck and nibble on it.

He slid a finger insider her and got it wet with her juices. As he dipped his head lower to lap those juices, he slid a finger in her button hole.

"Oh yes!" she moaned. "Yes, yes, yes, yes!"

She was on the verge of an orgasm and she wrapped her hands in his hair and practically smashed his face in her pussy. She arched her back, threw back her head and moaned. He tongued her faster and pumped his fingers in and out of her. One in her ass and the other in her pussy. Her muscles contracted on his fingers as she came. He sucked on her clit while she rode the tide. After she shivered, he removed his fingers and licked her juices up.

He raised his head wiping his mouth smiling. "You taste delicious baby," he said standing up.

She blushed as she said, "thank you."

"Now get in the tub sweetness," he said as he turned the jets on and applied some bath oil.

She obliged by sliding into the tub. "Mmmmmm...this feels good. Hurry up and get your clothes off and join me," she said smiling.

"Relax love; after all, that's what this is about. Taking our time just enjoying each other."

"Oh, but that's just it. I want to enjoy you!"

He laughed as he undressed slowly, teasing her. He pulled his shirt off and ran his hands across his chest, playing with his nipples. He knew how much she loved biting and sucking them. And he loved the feel of her mouth on them.

Then he slowly unfastened his belt, undid his button and slowly unzipped his jeans. Looking her in the eyes, he let his jeans drop to the floor as he hooked his thumbs into the band of the silk boxers he was wearing. He gave her his best cat-ate-the-canary look and lowered them ever so slowly, until his hardening member popped out over the top. Then he let them drop to the floor and laughed as she licked her lips.

He climbed in to the tub and stood in front of her. She took advantage of the situation. She moved closer to him, cupping his butt cheeks in her hands. Then, taking her time, she kissed the end of his cock. Then she swirled her tongue around the head of his cock, slowly starting to suck on him. It was his turn to moan.

As she took his glorious cock into her mouth and started moving up and down on him, he pulled her hair up into a ponytail, she moaned. She loved it when he did this. He held on to her ponytail and mover her head giving her a rhythm on his cock. She moaned around him causing him to moan in turn.

"Mmmm, yeah baby. That's it. Oh yeah. Just like that." She squeezed his ass and continued the rhythm he set for her.

She increased the speed of the rhythm and dug her nails into his ass as she sucked hard on the upward movement, released his ass as she moved back down to deep throat him. She squeezed tight around the base of his cock with her lips and used that pressure all the way up until he popped out of her mouth.

She looked up at him and saw the raw passion in his eyes. He sat down in the tub in front of her. Placing a hand on her cheek, she leaned into his touch. He leaned in to kiss her. He kissed her gently, letting his other hand roam all over her body.

She wrapped her arms around his neck deepening the kiss. Then she released her grip and let her hands roam all over his body. She absolutely loved the feel of him under her hands, in her arms. Skin touching skin.

"Ok M'Love, lean back and enjoy this tub," he said as he took a foot in his hands.

As she leaned back enjoying the feel of the jets and bubbles, she also enjoyed the feel of him rubbing her feet.

"Mmmm baby, that feels so good," she said smiling and closing her eyes savoring the feel of his hands on her skin.

After he massaged the other foot, she took him by the shoulders and pulled him to her, turning him around so that he was nestled between her legs against her breasts. She massaged his shoulders some then ran her hands down his arms. She moved his hair out of the way and kissed his neck as she ran her hands over his shoulders down his chest to tweak his nipples. Then she settled back, pulled him with her and wrapped her arms and legs around him and just held him.

They sat like this for a while, just enjoying the feel of each other. The company of each other, just the being together. When at last he could tell she was relaxed, he turned the jets off and stood up. He reached for her hands and helped her stand, making sure she didn't slip in the tub.

Helping her out of the tub, her reached over and grabbed a towel and proceeded to dry her off, taking his time doing so. She reached for a towel intending to return the favor, but he stopped her.

"Thanks Baby Doll, but this weekend is all about you."

"But that's not right! You were hurt just as much as I was. It needs to be about US!"

"Making it about you makes me happy honey and THAT makes it about US. Right?"

"You sometimes have a strange way of getting from point A to point B, but I get your point," she said smiling.

"Not yet you don't, but you will later!" he said wickedly while he dried off his soft member.

"Now, go to the closet and pick out something black and lacy. Then go to the dresser and do the same," he said pointing to the bedroom. "We are going out for dinner, my beautiful lady."

So she went to the closet and picked out a black skirt and a lacy black and red spaghetti strap tank top. Then she walked to the dresser and opened the top drawer. On the right were new bras and on the left, matching underwear. She picked out black lacy undies and black and red lacy bra. She went to the bedroom to get dressed.

When she walked into the room, there he was in black jeans and a black t-shirt that fit him like a second skin. She stopped in her tracks, taking in the sight before her.

He looked up with a puzzled look on his face. "What? What's wrong?" he asked.

"Nothing's wrong, Lover Mine. Everything's right. Oh my how sexy you are!"

"I don't know 'bout that," he said.

"I do," she said coming to wrap her arms around him. "So very sexy and handsome. Mmmmm how I love you Mine Eric."

"And I love you My Lisa. Now, you better get dressed or we won't make dinner," he chuckled.

"Would that be so bad?" she asked smiling.

"You need to eat, Love."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you keep telling me," she said shaking her head but still smiling.

"You do and you know it. Besides, you need it to keep your strength up because you're gonna need it later!" he said as he smacked her ass.

She kissed him again and then got dressed herself. He kept making remarks about how sexy she was, how beautiful she was and kept doing the growling and snarling that she loved so.

He walked her out to the truck and helped her in. When he got in the truck, he looked over at her and patted the seat beside him. "Come sit by me M'Love."

She moved over to the middle of the truck and after he put it in gear, he wrapped his arm around her. They drove to the restaurant in comfortable silence enjoying the feel of each other.

At the restaurant, he got out and went around letting her out and they walked hand in hand into the foyer. When the hostess came to seat them, he made sure she walked in front of him.

When they sat down in the quiet corner booth, he leaned toward her and said, "I love when you walk in front of me. I love watching you shake that cute little ass of yours."

She laughed. "That's right sugar. Keep laughing. I love to hear you laugh."

"Keep it up and I will laugh a lot," she said shaking her head.

"What?!" he asked all innocent like.

She just chuckled and shook her head again. "Baby, you always make me smile and you make me laugh a lot."

The server came to take their drink orders and to deposit menus. After she walked away, they talked about what looked good besides each other. What might taste good, besides each other.

While waiting for their meal and during the meal, they held hands, caressed each other, played footsie under the table. The world around them disappeared. They were so into each other when the server came to ask if they wanted dessert, they both looked at each other, said no without taking their eyes off each other. They knew what they wanted for dessert.

The server brought the bill and while he paid, she went to use the bathroom. His phone went off. He smiled. It was a text message from her. He had a feeling that would happen. He opened it and there it was. A pic of her sexy breasts in that lacy bra. He felt his body shift involuntarily and cleared his throat as he put the phone away.

She came out of the bathroom, walked up to him and put her arms around him. He put his hands on either side of her face, held her tight and kissed her deep.

They finally broke the kiss and as he pulled away from her, he said, "Let's get out of here Baby Doll."

"Mmm Hmm Hmm. You got it Sugar," she said as they walked out.

When they drove away in the truck, it was a repeat performance of the trip to the restaurant. All the touching, caressing, blended with stolen kisses. They couldn't seem to get back to the cabin fast enough. When they finally did arrive, their bodies were buzzing like high voltage wires.

Once inside, he locked the door and led her to the bedroom without saying a word. He walked over to the stereo system and put in a CD with what he called mood music.

As Van Halen sang "Not Enough", he took her by the hand and led her to the middle of the room. They started swaying to the music as soon as she was in his arms. Oh how wonderful it felt for both of them.

He whispered in her ear, "Lisa, MY Lisa, MY beautiful, wonderful Lisa. This is exactly where you belong. In my arms."

"Oh Eric," she said in a trembling voice. "MY sweet, sweet, sexy, amazing Eric. It's where WE both belong. In each other's arms."

He held her close. Looking into each other's eyes, hands started roaming. Dancing literally cheek to cheek. When the song ended, he didn't let her go. As Three Doors Down started "Your Arms Feel Like Home", he started kissing her.

Barely brush of his lips on hers. As his hands slid down to grab her ass, he slid his tongue in her mouth. He deepened the kiss as he started squeezing her ass tighter, molding her body to his. As he started planting kisses on her neck, his hands grabbed the hem of her blouse. He broke the kiss long enough to remove her tank top.
