 "You missed it," Rob said, still chuckling under his breath. "Dean was over on cooler dock popping a dock plate while standing on it, and slipped on the ice. Busted his ass good."

Rich erupted into laughter at the supervisor's misfortune and then said, "Ah, damn. I wish I could have seen that."

"It was fucking hilarious."

Rich suddenly pointed at something on a pallet and muttered under his breath, "Western."

Rob pulled his load sheet from his back pocket and made a show of looking it over for the Vice President's benefit. The two friends then split up and did their best to look as if they were on an important mission. As Rob walked down the dock, Mr. Western turned away, apparently satisfied that they were working, and continued his hunt for someone to bitch at.

Disaster averted, Rob decided he'd better knuckle down for a while until the boss wandered back to his office up front. As it turned out, things got hectic and the time flew by until the last truck of the day was closed up and ready to roll.

Having done his clean up in lulls throughout the day, he escaped well ahead of everyone else on his crew. Once out the front door, his eyes homed in on a young blonde he didn't recognize who was talking to a woman from H.R. She had an incredible ass, and when she turned a little, he could see that the rest of her was just as delicious.

As he walked closer, he overheard the young woman say, "Except for being the only girl without flowers on Valentine's Day."

"Don't give up yet. You still have a few days," the older woman suggested as she turned back to the building.

The object of his attention noticed him approaching. Her eyes lit up and she smiled. "Hi."

"Hi," Rob said as he stopped in front of her, getting an even better look at the blonde's beautiful face, and breasts that really filled out her sweater. "New? Haven't seen you before."

"Just started today. Julie."

"Rob," he supplied. "Getting off work?"

"Uh huh. You too?"

"Yeah. Early for once." May as well go for it, he thought. "I was going to go grab some Starbucks. Let me buy you one as a reward for surviving your first day?"

She laughed and said, "Sure. I'd like that. The one up the road? Meet you there?"

"Sounds good. See you in a couple of minutes."

She waved and started toward her car. As he watched her walk, there was no doubt that his day had just taken a decisive turn for the better.

****

Rob's phone buzzed in his pocket and he ducked into the nearest hidden spot to check the message. As he'd hoped, it was from Julie.

He'd spent an hour or so chatting with her at the Starbucks, talking about movies, music, and a myriad of other things. He got the feeling shortly on that she was testing him.

If so, he'd passed, because they traded numbers before heading home.

She'd sent him several texts during the day, and the latest asked when he was getting off work. Lamenting the rotten luck, he replied that it would be another couple of hours at least.

A minute later, his phone buzzed again. When he found a safe place to check it, he was greeted by a picture of her with the most adorable pout on her face. He recognized the decor and realized she'd shot the selfie in a mirror of the women's restroom.

The girls had mirrors and hand sanitizer dispensers, while the guys were lucky if the hand dryers even worked.

She looked incredible in her button-down blouse, which showed off her tits even better than the sweater she'd worn the day before. He couldn't believe the stroke of luck that had let him get to her before anybody else.

Her next message arrived while he was still admiring her picture. "Send me a message a little before you get off?"

"Sure. It could be late, though."

"I don't care. I want to hang out."

He gave a fist-pumping victory salute before slipping the phone back in his pocket.

The already long day seemed to drag on even longer with the prospect of seeing Julie waiting for him. Her texts were growing increasingly flirty, pointing toward even better things to come. Since losing his last girlfriend due to the long hours, he'd been in a three-month drought. Porn was a poor substitute, and he was beginning to go a little crazy.

Finally, he could see light at the end of the tunnel and sent her a message that he'd be out in about fifteen minutes.

"I'm craving pizza," her next message read. "Pizza Hut?"

"Perfect. Want to meet there?"

"I'll come meet you at work and we can ride together."

That was a good sign.

The parking lot had cleared out quite a bit by the time his crew finished, leaving Julie a parking spot right next to him. She shut off the car when she saw him and stepped out.

His breath caught in his chest as she closed the door. She was wearing the button-down blouse from her earlier text, but the skirt was far too short to have passed inspection at work. It showed off her legs nearly to the thigh and hugged her tight little ass so well that it might as well have been painted on.

"Hurry and start the car. It's freezing," she said as he approached.

He clicked the button on his key fob twice, and she scurried over to the passenger side. She got in and closed the door before he even got his open.

She was hugging her arms around her and shivering as he sat down. He looked over and said, "The heater works pretty well. Shouldn't take long," while starting the car.

As soon as the automatic headlights clicked on and reflected back off the car in front of him, he could see her nipples poking at her blouse. Can't be wearing a bra, he thought as he tore his eyes away from the enticing sight.

Her voice quavering a little as she shivered, she asked, "Do you usually get stuck here this late?"

"Sometimes later. Never really know."

"That sucks. Thank god I'm on a regular schedule."

"It can be a pain sometimes," he said as he put the car in reverse and backed out.

"Oh well. I guess it's good money, anyway."

"Yeah, that's the one consolation prize."

She grinned and twitched her eyebrows. "So, your treat?"

"Yeah, it's on me," he said, and then laughed.

The heater did its work, and they were warm for about five minutes before reaching the restaurant. Then it was time to endure the February night air in the walk across the parking lot. Rob made a mental note to go out and start the car before they left, to make her comfortable, and to have her sit in his car while hers warmed up later.

"Oh, shoot," Julie said as he clicked the button to lock the car. "Can you unlock it for a second? I dropped my phone out of my purse."

"Sure."

He unlocked the door, and she opened it to lean in. His eyes bugged out and mouth dropped open when she bent over and her skirt rode up. The rising cloth revealed an inch or two of her bare bottom in a white thong, and he barely got it together before she turned around.

"Brr! Hurry," she said as she closed the door.

They half-jogged to the restaurant and he got another eyeful — at least in his peripheral vision — as her breasts bounced. 

Going to blow the zipper out of these pants before the night is over, he thought as he opened the door to let her in.

****

The second date had gone just as well as the first.

Sitting in the parking lot while her car ran, he told her the story about Dean slipping on the dock plate. She laughed as hard as his friend had.

"Oh my god, that's so funny," she said. "That guy creeps me out."

"Just wait until you get to know him. He gets worse."

She laughed again and said, "Well, my car should be warmed up. Talk to you tomorrow?"

"Yeah." He held up crossed fingers and said, "Here's hoping I get off a little earlier."

"Early. Late. Doesn't matter to me. See you tomorrow."

Oh, hell yes, he thought as she leaned over the center console. He met her in the middle and they shared a brief kiss that sent shivers up and down his spine.

She scrunched up her nose as she sat back, giggled, and said, "Okay, bye."

"Bye," he echoed, and then watched as she climbed in her car and drove away.

That kiss was all the encouragement he needed. As soon as he got home, he got on the computer and hit the internet. With only a couple of days left until Valentine's, the prices of the bouquets were ridiculous, but it was worth it. He hadn't even asked for her last name yet, but Julie - Operator and the address would be enough to make sure the flowers got to her at work.

With a potential deal-sealer in the pipeline and the show he'd gotten that night fresh in his mind, he had something much better than porn to use for inspiration as he let off a little steam before crashing.

****

The end-of-date kisses grew longer and her texts increasingly naughty as the days went by. The day before Valentine's, he was confident that the flowers were going to be the key — if he didn't get in the door tonight. He was fairly sure she'd almost asked to go to his place the night before.

Despite a crappy day at work, he was in a good mood, and it was noticeable.

"I swear I'm going to slap you if you don't stop grinning," Rich said as they waited for maintenance to replace a broken motor that had everyone at a standstill. "Where have you been lately? You're out of here like the Road Runner the second you clock out."

"Better things to do than go to the bar and talk about this place," he answered, and then chuckled.

"Ah, you're getting laid," Rich guessed.

"Not yet, but close."

"Hot?"

"Oh, fuck yeah. Eighteen. Blonde. Awesome rack and ass." He looked around to see if anyone important was in sight and said, "Here, I've got a picture."

He brought up the image she'd sent him from the bathroom and handed it to his friend. Rich's eyes widened as soon as he saw it and he muttered, "Dude..."

"I know. Fuck."

"No — dude. Do you know who this is?"

Rob shrugged and asked, "What are you talking about?"

"That's Julie Western. As in Mr. Western. That's his daughter, man."

It felt as if all the blood drained out of his face. "You're fucking with me."

"No, I'm not fucking with you. You really didn't know?"

"Oh, son of a bitch," he groaned as he took his phone back.

"You've got some cast iron balls, man," Rich said.

Shaking his head, Rob said, "I am so dead."

"But what a way to go," his friend suggested, and then laughed as he walked away.

He didn't find it all that funny. He'd hooked up with a hottie who was fun to hang out with, and she was a guaranteed trip to the unemployment line — at the least.

Sure enough, his phone buzzed as he was about to put it back in his pocket. The message from Julie said, "Getting off... Work, you pervert," followed by a winking emote. "How long are you going to be?"

It was one of the hardest things he'd ever had to do in his life to type, "Really late, and I'm beat. I think I need to get some sleep tonight."

"I'll beat you," she replied, adding another wink. "Okay. Get some sleep. Dream about me. Kisses."

"So dead," he repeated as he got back to work with a much darker outlook on life.

****

The next day, Rob was so preoccupied with the situation he'd gotten himself into that he completely forgot what day it was. He got a stark reminder shortly before noon when Julie sent him a text.

"Oh my god! The flowers are beautiful! I love them! Thank you!"

"Glad you liked them," he replied as he mentally kicked himself for not canceling the order.

"Loved," she corrected him. "Everybody in the office is gushing about them and I'm almost gushing every time I look at them."

Every suggestive message she sent threatened to give him a raging hard-on as the day went on, even though his replies were carefully framed to seem oblivious to it. When she asked at her quitting time when he would get off work, he replied, "Really late."

It took about twenty minutes for her next message to arrive. It said, "Well, here's something to keep your spirits up and encourage you to hurry."

A flip of his finger scrolled the screen, and his jaw dropped.

The picture was of Julie lying back on a couch. Her skirt was bunched up at her hips, showing off lacy white panties with her hand resting on them. Her other hand was cupping one of the most perfect breasts he'd ever seen in his life, bared by a top pulled up to rest atop the globes. Despite the dire consequences, he was rock hard in seconds.

He had no idea what to do, and slipped his phone back in his pocket. It buzzed a couple more times, but he was afraid to even look. Eventually, he turned it off and begged his supervisor for an early out. Never calling in served him well, and he was able to leave a couple of hours early.

He downed three beers within an hour of arriving home. Until that fateful conversation with Rich, he'd been eagerly anticipating getting into Julie's pants. He'd been right on the money with the flowers. Now he had the chance, and he didn't dare take it.

There was no good way out. If he blew her off, she was going to get pissed — with good reason — which could send her running to her father. If he didn't, he knew he was dead the moment her old man found out. At this point, he doubted that explaining things to her was going to help in the slightest.

A knock on the door snapped him out of his tortured musing, and he went to answer it on autopilot.

"J-julie?" he stammered when he opened the door to see her.

"Why didn't you answer me? You send me flowers, then I send you naked pictures, and you just stop talking to me?"

"I... I..."

She sighed and said, "You found out who my dad is, didn't you?"

He didn't even have to answer. He knew it was written as plain as day on his face.

"I knew it. Can I come in?"

He was about to tell her that it wasn't a good idea when he saw a door down the hall open. Not willing to risk the chance that the busybody a few doors down knew his boss, he quickly ushered her inside.

She spun with her hands on her hips as soon as he closed the door. "So, that's it? You find out who my dad is, and you just dump me without even saying why?"

"It's not like that. I..."

"It looks exactly like that to me."

"Your dad's my boss," he said, and then suddenly realized, "How did you know where I live?"

She shrugged and said, "Dad uses the same password for everything. I went in through his remote access and got your address when you stopped answering my texts and I found out you left work early." Raising her hand, she poked a finger into his chest and said, "I was on cloud nine and soaking my panties a couple of hours ago. I was so horny I had to get myself off in the bathroom at work."

He couldn't concentrate for a moment as the mental image of her masturbating in the stalls at work overwhelmed him.

Her eyes flashed and she said, "Fine. Tell me the last few days were all bullshit. Tell me you don't like me. Tell me you didn't have fun, and I'll leave right now."

Before he could even begin to form a reply, she jerked up her shirt. "Tell me you don't want me as much as I want you. Go on. Tell me."

As incredible as her tits looked on the screen of his phone, the pixels were nothing compared to the real thing. The firm globes were still jiggling from falling out of her top. Small areolas of rosy pink surrounded her stiff nipples, which pointed at him as if in accusation.

Her hand snapped out to his crotch. "Tell me you're not h-hard," she said, her voice wavering as her fingers closed around the ample evidence that he was getting there — rapidly.

With her standing bare-breasted in front of him and her fingers squeezing his hardening cock, resistance was futile.

"Fuck the job," he said as he pulled her to him and kissed her hard.

"No, fuck me," she countered before seeking out his lips again.

They parted with twin gasps, and Julie tore her shirt the rest of the way off. While he was jerking his over his head, she made short work of the button and fly of his jeans. He found the zipper of her skirt almost as quickly.

A flurry of grasping, tugging hands soon left them surrounded by discarded clothing. Julie kicked away the panties stubbornly clinging to one ankle, turned, and bent over to place her hands on the arm of the couch. Rob moved in behind her and squeezed her ass before sliding one hand up to her hip and gripping his cock in the other.

He growled as his cock slipped inside her, and she sucked in a broken gasp. She was soaking wet and virgin-tight — like pure, hot heaven around him. Grunts and whimpers tumbled from Julie's lips as his cock invaded her, and her fingers curled into claws.

He growled again when he finished burying his cock balls-deep in her eighteen-year-old pussy.

"Oh my fucking god," she whimpered once he'd stuffed her full.

"Ah, fuck yeah," he said as he pulled back, and then thrust again.

Julie yelped when his balls slapped against her. "Yes! Fuck me!"

Rob kept his instincts in check, wanting to feel every inch sliding into her satiny sheath. After a few slow strokes, she bent her elbows and rested her head on one of them. The other hand found its way to her clit.

"You feel incredible," he said as he thrust again — a little harder.

Her voice tight, Julie said, "So good. So big."

He took it all in. Her long blonde hair half-obscured her face in the sexiest way, rustling in front of her mouth with her increasingly hard breaths. He could feel her fingers brushing against his shaft as she played with her clit, stoking her fires. She twitched every time the swollen head penetrated her deepest depths, and the sounds she made seemed completely beyond her control. All the while, her tight little pussy was milking him.

"Faster?" he asked after a score of slow strokes.

"Uh huh!"

It was exactly what his body wanted to do anyway, so he picked up the pace. The claps of their flesh colliding joined the symphony of her pleasure-filled cries and his grunts. She was so wet and rubbing her clit so fast that he could hear the skitch skitch sound of her fingers at work as well.

Shockwaves rippled through her sexy ass as he drove his cock home. Sliding his left foot forward a couple of inches allowed him to add even more power and speed. She let out her loudest cry yet the first time his shaft dove into her depths after the shift in stance.

After a sharp gasp, she screamed, "Right there. Faster. Harder. Fuck meee!"

"Ah yeah. You getting close?"

"Fuck y-y-yes! Fuck me hard!"

Digging his fingers into her hips, he pulled back as he thrust forward and let her have what she wanted.

Heat swelled in the head and shaft of his cock as he slammed into her, jolting her forward with every stroke. A series of screams burst from her lips — broken by ragged gasps for air. Rob began to growl, feeling the inevitable approach of his own orgasm as he took her hard and fast.

A choked sound resembling a hiccup cut her wail short a few seconds later, and he felt her butt tense up beneath his palms. He drove his cock home a half-dozen times more, and she was there.

Julie lurched as she tumbled into oblivion and loosed a shriek. Her walls clamped down on him so powerfully that he froze for a fraction of a second in shock. That was what pushed him over the edge.

Rob roared as he jammed his cock into her climaxing pussy and blasted cum into her depths. He lost control from the intensity of the orgasm ripping through him; giving short, jerky thrusts as his semen erupted, tickling the slit with the power of the ejaculations. On and on it went, until his head was swimming.

The seconds felt like minutes as they remained locked in beautiful agony. Ever so slowly, Rob recovered his senses to realize they were both gasping and panting for breath. Beads of sweat decorated their bodies and every throb of his still buried cock set off a shudder that she matched.
