 It was late summer and the humidity was at its peak. My little getaway was coming to a close, but the weather had been perfect these past few days on the water. A reliable breeze had been with me all week, and I could sail wherever I chose. The days were bright and the nights were quiet. This had been a most relaxing escape.

Tonight, however, there was very little breeze to cool down my cabin. My sloop, Cybergal, bobbed quietly on the gentle waves. I lay on my bed below deck in just a long, frilly, peasant's blouse. I just couldn't stand to wear anything more in this heat. The waves lapped gently at the hull in their gentle, hypnotic rhythm, but for some reason sleep would not come. Every so often, I would hear a strange sound on the bay, but could see nothing unusual out of my cabin's porthole. Then I heard it. Unmistakably. Footfalls on deck.

I ran to my cabin door, but before I could set the lock, the door burst open. A tall, muscular form was silhouetted against the moonlight filtering down the hatch. He entered my cabin and softly laughed, "Permission to come aboard, Miss."

I was trapped. His hulking physique blocked the only exit. He wore a patch over his left eye. His shirt, what was left of it, was all tattered and torn. His chest was tanned from years on the sea, and his shorts barely contained his marked arousal.

"What do you want?" I screamed, just slightly above a whisper in volume.

"I came for you," he replied. "I have been tracking the movements of your sailboat for three days now. I have observed you on deck. You really shouldn't sunbathe in the nude, unless you are certain you are alone on the water. It gives a man...ideas."

I made a run for the doorway as he stepped closer to me. He caught my right arm and spun me around. In a single motion, he closed my cabin door, raised a dagger, and pinned my right arm to the door by my sleeve. He drew another dagger and similarly pinned my left arm to the door. I was his captive. My arms were over my head and held fast to the door. My breasts unwittingly heaved as my breath quickened. My blouse was loosely laced up the front, and he undid the ties.

He cupped my now exposed left breast and dipped his head to suckle it. I could smell his scent wafting up from his strong back, and was strangely aroused. He brought my right breast out of my blouse and similarly toyed with it. He swiftly knelt in front of me and raised the blouse to my navel. Burying his head between my legs, I felt his strong hands on my inner thighs. I arched my head back as his tongue found my clit. Instinctively, I opened my legs and squatted slightly to allow him at my sex.

He relentlessly tongued at my clit, as he slid his hands behind me and fondled my ass. With each squeeze of my cheeks, he drove his tongue into my cunt. With each release, he withdrew and continued to assault my clit. He repeated these motions over and over until he became aware that an orgasm was ripping through me. I squeezed my thighs against his ruggedly, handsome face as the intense pleasure wave drowned out my fears. I moaned aloud, as my clit incessantly throbbed. Just as a second orgasm was poised to break over me, he stopped.

He drew a third dagger from his waistband and slit my blouse all the way up. My arms, now free, fell around his neck. He lifted me in his strong arms and carried me across the cabin. He tossed me onto the bed and immediately disrobed; his powerful erection was silently demanding my gaze. I reached for him, and he took me again in his arms. Lifting me up, he lay on his back and settled me on top of him.

"Pleasure me, wench," he said. "Pleasure me well, and I will grant you your freedom."

I disengaged from his firm embrace and knelt between his legs. I brushed my tits over his strident cock, and watched it quiver in response. I squeezed my breasts together and massaged his shaft in between. I paused and licked the head of his cock to taste his sweet and tangy pre-cum. I replaced my warm, sweating breasts around his now throbbing rod and resumed my massage. Rubbing hard and fast, I masturbated his cock with my tits. He leaned back on his elbows to allow me full access to my work, while watching attentively. Alternating my tits and my mouth, I pleasured him with increasing intensity.

He began to moan, and I knew he was close. Faster and faster I drove his cock between my tits. I felt him begin to buck as the first blast of steamy cum flew from his cock on the up stroke. It pooled in the tight valley of my tits and covered his cock on the down stroke. A second shot meandered from my tits up to my neck. I placed my mouth over his helmet in time to catch the third in my mouth. I drove him deep down my throat. I teased his cock with my tongue and pumped his balls dry into my warm, waiting mouth.

His screams of delight subsided and he rose from the bed. He climbed back into bed behind me, as I was still on my knees. He firmly grasped my hips and lifted my ass to himself. In one thrust, he drove himself fully into my expectant slot. He thrust in and out of me with an almost animalistic effort. The sound of our thighs slapping together drowned out the waves against the hull. His vigor quickly returned in full force. He pulled all the way out and was soon pressing his cock firmly against my rosebud. My tight button eventually gave way to his insistent cock. 

Slowly, strongly, he slid himself fully into my ass. My gasps were quite loud by now, and blended almost musically with his moans. Thrust after thrust brought me to orgasm, as he made me his own. He drilled himself into me fully one last time and I felt another load of cum beginning to fill my ass. He remained still, imbedded to his hilt, as he tremored and filled me with cum. He cupped my breasts, and I cupped my shaved mound, coaxing one more orgasm out of my clit. We remained entwined in this erotic embrace until our passion slowly ebbed.

I fell to the mattress and he dropped right beside me. I felt him kissing the back of my neck and massaging my breasts as our breaths became less ragged. I looked out of my porthole at a now cloudless sky. The lustrous full moon was beaming inside to accent my blouse, still pinned to the door.

"Jon," I whispered.

"Yes, Shannon my love," he replied.

"Next time, can I be the pirate?" I laughed, as sleep claimed us both.