 The following is one of many tales of Piper and Rob. These were written by request and released with approval of the requester. The situations and events described in the Piper stories are pure fantasy without any basis in reality. This is a work of fiction intended for individuals who are 18 years or older. Any reference to unsafe sex, non-consensual sex, or any activity that stands in contrast to acceptable behavior of society should be seen as an expression of the fantasy and not an encouragement of making these things real. Real life has real consequences. 




"Tell me about Piper, again," my girlfriend Susan cooed at me as we cuddled in post-coital bliss. Piper was my niece. Well, not really my niece. She was the daughter my of closest friend from high school. Bill and I would tear up the town whenever we could in our youth but he found love and settled down soon after graduation while I continued my Libertine ways.

Bill married his high school sweetheart, Karen. Karen was gorgeous, flirty and fun. A short, petite brunette with the energy of a hummingbird. While other women in school moved from guy to guy, Karen found Bill and stuck with him. Bill, while he sampled from others, kept his focus on Karen. They were made for each other.

Piper came along soon after Bill and Karen were married. I became Uncle Paul and loved every minute of it. I got to be the cool Uncle. Giving the best gifts at Christmas and her birthday but not being there for the tantrums and fights.

Time flew by, Piper grew up. She had her mother's vivacious energy and her father's lust for life. The common word used for this kind of young woman is hellion. Due to my job, I missed out on ten years of Piper's life. The next time I saw her, she was on a trip to New York with a few of her friends during Spring break. She had just turned twenty-one and wanted to take the big bite from life.

Bill called me and asked if I wouldn't mind hosting his daughter and her three friends and try to keep them out of trouble. 

The story of that weekend was one of the first I shared with my girlfriend. Susan always got hot hearing of my past encounters and relationships. I never told her Piper's name or who the young nymphette was to me, but she figured it out eventually. And though never having met her, Susan became fixated upon Piper.

I knew so much about Piper's own experiences because after that weekend we became close confidants to each other. Over the following few years after that weekend, Piper would visit me as often as she could.

"One weekend when Piper visited me," I told Susan as I felt her finger gently play with my chest hair, "we went out to Kama."

"Kama? That's a bit ritzy, isn't it?"

"Of course it is. Whenever Piper came for a visit, I liked to show off a bit."

Susan's hand trailed down my chest, across my belly, and let her fingers gently caress my spent cock. "I know what you like to show off."

"Hush, now, unless you want me to stop talking."

"I'll be good for now. Go on," Susan said.

"That's better. Piper and I were at Kama, dancing, drinking, and generally enjoying ourselves with all the pretty and fun people we could find. I remember I was at the bar flirting with the very cute bartender. Piper was out on the dance floor shaking her thing."

Susan squeezed my cock. "I bet you love watching that little tramp shake her tight little butt."

"Tramp?"

"An adorable tramp... a sweet tramp... oh, you know I don't mean any offense."

"I think Piper prefers other words, but I"ll forgive you your tramp transgression. And yes, I love watching her sweet little ass."

"Is it better than my ass?" Susan asked before nibbling on my neck a little.

"Mmm, beautiful, your ass is the only ass for me."

Susan laughted, "You lie so sweetly."

"I try."

"So Piper was dancing..."

"Yes, dancing. And this tall, dark haired man moved slowly but directly through the crowd to her. Piper told me he danced with her a little bit before asking her to come back to his table. 

At his table was a gorgeous... let me be clear about this because I know sometimes I hyperbolize the beauty of the women in these tales, but this woman at the table was stunning. I'm not talking Playboy model beautiful. As much as I love Playboy models, this woman had a realness about her. 

She was wearing a classy black dress, a dress that showed off just enough cleavage to catch the eye but not so much that made her look like she was trying to catch people's eyes."

Susan gave my cock another gently squeeze before dropping her hand lower to cup my balls. She coaxed life back into my already well used member. The warmth of her hand felt so good.

"Piper joined the couple at their table. I caught sight of them multiple times and they definitely were picking her up. I have a deal with Piper. I have a very laissez faire approach to her sex life but it has to be done where I can protect her. The couple kept trying to entice her to come back to their hotel room but Piper told them she couldn't, but they were more than welcome to come back here, my place."

Susan returned her hand to my shaft and kissed my neck again. "God, how many times has she been fucked here? She's been fucked right here, right in this bed. Her wet pussy soaked sheets... maybe these sheets."

"Does that excite you? Would you like to taste those juices?" I asked knowing the response. Susan loved when I get nasty with her. She had never fooled around with another woman, or even directly expressed an interest in being sexual with another woman. When I talked like this, though, it excited her. I think in her mind, she liked to put herself in Piper's role. She liked to think of herself as someone capable of being so wanton, so libidinous, so free. Susan isn't closed minded, obviously, but she is reserved. 

"I'd love to see it. See those wet sheets. See her so excited, so turned on that her juices drip from that tight young cunt onto the bedsheets."

My cock began to respond again. The champion of sensual delight, my cock would always try to rise to the occasion even if the rest of my body was down for the count. 

"Keep stroking me... slowly... Where was I?"

"Piper brought the couple back here."

"Right," I continued. "Piper came up to me at the club and told me she was bringing them back. Even though she knew it was perfectly acceptable, she cleared it with me. I gave her my nod and told her I'd be an hour behind her and she should alert her companions someone would be coming in but not to worry."

"What do you mean?" Susan asked.

"I, well, I know how I'd be fucking someone at a strange place and someone coming home. I didn't want them to think I was a jealous boyfriend or something."

"Smart move."

"I have experience," I smirked. "When I got home later that night, there was a trail of clothing from the living room, down the hall, to my bedroom. Obviously taking advantage of the large bed. I hadn't given specific permission for this, but one has to give a certain leeway in times of lust."

"What if you had brought someone home?"

"Guess I'd get stuck with guest bedroom, but that wouldn't be the first time. When Piper is around, accommodations always have to be made. This time I was alone. Which was probably a good thing because I wouldn't have been able to explain the noises coming from down the hall. It was like a porno on full volume. Piper was moaning and the man was moaning.

"Hearing it turned me on a lot. I settled into my chair and started reading. I had no idea how long they'd been at it, but I sat in that chair for another two hours after I got home. The sounds of sex would rise and fall over time. Once in awhile the door would open and someone would use the bathroom. I was envious." 

"Why would you be envious?"

"I'm always envious when someone else gets sex when I'm not."

Susan worked my cock a bit more and it distracted me from the story. I moaned and thrust a little. 

"Oh no! Oh no you don't. Finish the story or else I stop too." 

"Okay," I said with a sigh. "Sometime during the night, the door opened and I heard steps coming down the hall. I glanced up and saw that woman, that gorgeous woman. Long wavy light brown hair, tussled from active sex. She wore her man's shirt, unbuttoned but covering her luscious full tits. Had to be double d at least. She wore panties as well, gray and shiny. Had to be satin. Lace on the hips. I remember it so clearly. Her legs, long smooth and shapely. Do you know who she reminded me of?"

"Who?"

"Well not who... but she was like an old school actress, a Jane Russell or Rita Hayworth."

Susan interrupted, "I don't know who they are..."

"Uhh, well, oh, I know... that actress from Charlie's Angels...."

"Drew Barrymore?"

"No, not her. Original Angel. Damn, what was her name. Smith... Jacklyn Smith!"

"Oh, yeah, she's still pretty hot."

"Anyway, she stopped the moment she saw me. She blushed. I swear to god, she blushed so hard. After the sounds I heard her make, she blushed. She stammered at an apology. I told her not to worry about it and introduced myself."

"Did you tell her you were Piper's Uncle?"

"Hell no. Why make her feel more awkward? And I had no idea what Piper may have said. No reason to cause confusion. I just laughed it off. Gwen. Gwen was her name. Gwen and Jeff. I got her some water and we chatted briefly. I really just wanted to spend more time with this woman in front of me."

"She must really have turned you on?"

"Mmm, why do you say that?"

"Your cock got so hard the moment you started talking about her. I bet you kept imagining Piper sucking on those beautiful breasts."

"I did, god I did. I kept wondering exactly what happened. If Piper had gone down on her, if she had gone down on Piper. I wanted to know who licked cum from whom. I wanted to know everything but I couldn't be the creep to this woman. And I knew as soon as Piper was able, she'd tell me everything."

Susan moaned a little and I felt her press against my thigh. She buried her face in my neck and kept rubbing against me.

"And she did. After they left. I went to my bedroom and Piper was sprawled out on my bed. Her strawberry blonde hair spread out. Her bare pussy so red, so used, so violated. Her breasts always amazed me. Small, round... god I hate describing them like this but I honestly - sincerely - honestly always imagine apples. I don't know why. Just that size, that right size. An apple in the hand."

Susan moaned again. She bit my shoulder. Not hard, but hard enough. I would have a mark. 

"I asked her how it went. She smiled at me. God that smile. Her lips so full. Her eyes, bright and green. She told me it was amazing. She told me about when they go to my place, Jeff started kissing her. Deep kisses. Gwen came over to them and Jeff broke the kiss. He then kissed Gwen for a few minutes. Piper was unsure as to what Gwen's expectations were but that was settled when Gwen took her mouth from Jeff's and kissed her."

Susan's hand slid between her legs and she started fingering herself. I grabbed her ass. My voice got low.

"Do you know what they did? Piper and Gwen? They fucked each other. Piper buried her tongue deep in Gwen's wet cunt as Gwen sucked Jeff's cock. They got nasty, Susan. They got so nasty."

"Tell me," Susan gasped. "Tell me what they did. Oh god..."

"Piper kissed and licked Gwen's ass. Piper pushed her tongue against Gwen's tight little asshole."

I could feel Susan's wetness on my leg. She was really into it now. 

"Jeff fucked Gwen's ass with Piper's face right there to suck his cock each time he pulled out before helping guide it back in. I got so hard hearing Piper talk about it, looking at her on my bed."

"Oh god, you wanted to fuck her, didn't you. You wanted to fuck Piper...."

"I did. You know I did. You know I've always wanted to."

"Was this the time, did you fuck her that night?"

I've never Susan that story. I've never even said I have that story. It is what Susan wants to hear though. She wants to know if my cock ever slipped into that tight young pussy, the pussy belonging to a girl who called me Uncle Rob for so many years. 

"No. No. Not that night. Piper was pretty well exhausted."

"Fuck me, Rob. Fuck me. Fuck my pussy right now. Use me like you wanted to use Piper."

I couldn't argue with that. I didn't want to. I rolled on top of her. She spread her legs and my cock slipped into her. I started slowly, finding my rhythm.

"Oh Rob, yes, harder!"

I thrust deeper and harder into Susan. Pounding my hips into her hips. "Piper said she ate Jeff's cum from Gwen. She is a nasty nymph. You love that, don't you."

"Yes! God yes. She's so naughty, so very naughty."

"You want to be that naughty don't you?"

Susan moaned again. I could feel her pussy spasm around my cock. "Yes. Yes."

"Would you fuck a couple like that?"

"Uhnn... I'd rather be Gwen."

Her words excited me. I knew what she was saying. She wanted Piper to eat my cum from her pussy. Susan wanted Piper's mouth on her pussy. Piper's tongue in her ass. My non-bi girlfriend craved my niece in a very sexual way. 

My cock slid in and out of Susan. She was so wet. 

"Get on top of me," I said. I wanted to feel Susan's passion. I wanted to feel her grind against me. Susan eagerly climbed on me, reinserting my dick into her. She rocked forward, grinding her clit into me. Her hands held her tits, squeezing them as I held her hips.

Her moans intensified and I could feel the stirrings of my orgasm building. I wasn't going to cum much. I had already came three times prior. I wasn't worried about it, I wanted Susan to have the best orgasm ever. I loved seeing her cum. I loved hearing her. And one day I was going to watch her cum with Piper's mouth on her wet twat.