 It had started a while before, a general conversation on MSN while I was watching television turning into something else. We were work colleagues, and would walk to the café together at lunch time. She told me she was having a bath, sipping some red wine while surfing the web, and thoughts raced through my mind of her naked, running her soapy hands over her curves. 

"Need a hand to wash your back?" I asked, with some wishful thinking mixed in. 

"I could always use a hand," she responded, "And not just with my back, if you're offering."

All thoughts of watching the television gone as thoughts raced through my head. "What else could you use a hand with?" I asked, getting excited, but wanting to be sure she meant what I thought she did so I didn't look like a fool.

"Well you could help wash other parts of me, or you could 'lend a hand' in other ways," she responded. Yep she meant what I thought!

Needless to say my pants were opened and I released my cock as it grew with the excitement. 

"If only I could make it to your place before the water went cold," I responded. Hopefully this didn't kill the conversation!

"Hmmm that would be nice," she responded. "I always thought you wouldn't be up for anything, I just thought you were a nice guy that liked to have lunch with me?"

Obviously she never noticed me staring at her blouse when it gaped hoping to see a glimpse of her magnificent boobs encased in the lace or sheer bras she always wore. It could have been something to do with my dark sunglasses. I guess she would have had a problem seeing me checking out her butt if she was walking to the café in front of me, or when she walked out of my office, the matching thong sometimes showing above the hem of her suit pants. There had been a few times I was glad I was the one seated behind a desk.

I thought I would take some risks, as it seemed it would be worth it. "Just because I am a shy guy that likes talking to you over lunch doesn't mean I don't admire your body when I get the chance." There, I had said it.

"So you're saying when I lean over the table at lunch you actually are looking at my chest? I never got a reaction so I thought you weren't interested." 

"No I've always been quite interested, but didn't want to overstep the mark," I replied.

"Well now that I know that, I wish you were here, so you could undress and let me see your body before you washed me. Then I could return the favour and make sure every spot of your body was clean". 

"Hmmm that does sound nice, but what would happen once we were clean?" I had a general idea, but wanted her to say it. It sounds sexier, and she couldn't slap me for suggesting anything.

"Oh if you washed me well enough to my liking I'd probably suck your cock into my mouth until you blew over my chest that you are so fond of!" she said, quick as a flash.

Well with that I promptly came all over my chest. It had been a while. I told her what had happened and she simply responded "Nice". After a little awkward lack of typing, she said she was going to get out of the bath. "I'm starting to go all wrinkly, but I will imagine that you are towelling me off before leading me to the bed and ravishing me. I'll be thinking of you as I get off. See you at work xx," was the final response she wrote before logging off.

'Shit, this might be awkward tomorrow,' I thought. Although it was quite obvious her intentions over MSN, me being shy I wasn't totally sure what her intentions might be face to face.

I walked into the office the next morning and Piper wasn't at her desk. 'Good,' I thought, if only it was delaying the inevitable. I got stuck into my work and answering a few emails. Time went pretty quickly until I got an email late that morning from Piper, saying she was busy with something and couldn't join me for lunch. 'Oh great,' I thought. 'Now she is avoiding me'. I was starting to get worried we had overstepped the mark.

I went to the café by myself to grab lunch, and went back to the office and ate at my desk. After a few more hours I had to go into our warehouse. We shipped product all over the country, but was usually only in large batches once a day, so the warehouse was generally empty. Myself and one other guy were the only ones with access. I heard a knock on the door shortly after I went through and opened it, there staring at me was Piper. 

"Hi," she simply said.

"Hey," I replied. This was awkward. 

"Sorry I didn't come to lunch, too many last minute requests to be actioned that I couldn't avoid."

"I thought you were avoiding me," I responded.

"Ah no, not exactly, I was actually desperately wondering if you meant what you were saying last night?" her voice was slightly raised, and a bit quicker than normal.

'Wow,' I thought, this isn't as bad as I thought. Not being the best talker when put on the spot, I decided to keep my mouth shut, sort of, and lent in kissed her strongly on the lips. She opened her mouth in response and slid her tongue straight past my front teeth and starting playing with my tongue.

She quickly pulled back after a few seconds however. "What if someone comes in here?" she asked. Being seen together wouldn't go too well within the gossip hungry office. I simply shrugged in reply. "I better go. We'll have lunch tomorrow definitely". She smiled one of her sexy smiles as she turned and walked out of the warehouse.

The rest of the day flew by, but I wasn't really concentrating, responding to a few emails but not much more. My mind was elsewhere.

I raced home and had some dinner before sitting on the couch and opening the laptop up, but Piper didn't log in that night at all. I sat there blankly staring at the TV for most of the night, reliving the last 24 hours. I had French kissed the sexiest woman in the office! I later went to bed but couldn't sleep.

The next day I again went to work and arrived before Piper, and sat at my desk, looking through my overnight email. About 10 minutes later there was a knock, and I looked up to see Piper leaning around the corner of the door frame, allowing me to see some of her right breast through the neckline of her blouse, but unfortunately not enough. "Lunch at 12.30!" It was a comment, not a question.

"Sure," I replied. "See you then". The rest of the morning was again a blur until it approached lunch time, and then of course it started to drag on.

At about 12.15 there was another knock at the door and I looked up, Piper again leaning around the door, "Let's go, I'm starving, and I can't concentrate on work."

"You can't concentrate because you're hungry?" I asked to clarify.

"No a different reason," she replied with a sexy smile.

'Good' I thought, as I got up and we walked up towards the café.

As we got out into the sunshine she asked, "I hope you didn't sit on MSN too long waiting for me last night?"

"I did actually. I hoped you would come on so we could continue chatting," I replied.

"Yeah sorry, got tied up with work stuff last night, and by the time I finished I was exhausted and curled up in bed."

By now we had reached the counter and ordered. We sat at a table in a corner outside, her directly across from me, with her back to the serving area. Our lunch soon arrived and no sooner had the waitress put our orders down and turned away Piper unbuttoned the buttons on her blouse but left it tucked in. "Just thought I'd get some sun!" she said.

I stared open mouthed as she pulled her blouse apart, revealing her magnificent tits concealed unfortunately within a cup bra, no lace, I couldn't see anything. She laughed at my surprise, and misfortune. "Well I can't give away all my secrets!" she said. As we sat there eating our lunch, surprisingly making small talk, I wasn't complaining too much, it's not everyday you are basically invited to look at a hot woman's chest while eating your sandwich. I looked at the other diners and no one seemed to notice the display, with Piper sitting the way she was, all they would see was her back and my open mouth.

My mind started to wander about getting her somewhere less public, so I told her that tomorrow we could buy lunch but go elsewhere. "Oh really?" she replied, "Where to?" 

"You'll find out when we get there tomorrow," I told her.

Soon we left, after Piper concealed her bra from my prying eyes, and went back to work. Back in the office with the usual mess and the day slipped away once again. Later on Piper knocked on my door again and announced she was leaving, and I still had work to do and wasn't leaving anytime soon. Once I had finished up and gotten home I connected onto MSN, but Piper wasn't there. I had some dinner and went to bed.

The next day came, and another long morning dragging with my anticipation of lunch. Once again, much to my dismay, I didn't get a chance to talk to, or see, Piper until lunch came. She knocked on my door though at 12.30. "We going?" she asked smiling. I looked up to see her standing there, looking gorgeous in her office outfit as usual, skirt and blouse, with modest heals today. I grabbed my keys and headed out the door to the carpark.

After buying our lunch at a sandwich shop down the road, we headed off to the location I had in mind. Piper asked me about 10 times where we were going before I turned into the park. It was fairly big, with a winding road through it, a restaurant and some bird watching paths through bushland. I parked a little way along from the restaurant, where there was a small drop from the side of the road down to a creek, with a grassed area. I grabbed a picnic blanket from the car and laid it out for us to sit back on. She kicked off her shoes and sat back on the blanket. We ate lunch, general small talk going back and forth, and it seemed there was a bit of tension, neither of us wanting to make a move. 

Once I had finished my sandwiches and drink, I decided enough was enough, and lent over and cupped the back of her head and drew her mouth to mine. She seemed to come out if her shell straight away, and almost attacked my tongue with hers. We kissed passionately for a few moments, I started to run my hands over her back, and she rolled me onto my back and lay on top of me, her tongue still attacking mine. My hands cupped her butt cheeks, feeling her cheeks mould into my hands without restriction. My blood started to race to my cock, as she ground her pelvis into me. "Are you bare under that skirt?" I enquired.

"No comment, I can't give away all my secrets." That comment was getting repetitive!

I started to bunch her skirt up. 

It was at that moment we heard a bicycle bell ring and looked over to see a couple of ladies on bikes riding on the path at the bottom of the hill. They were looking up and smiling, obviously enjoying what they thought had embarrassed us. It actually turned me on knowing others could have caught us if I had gone as far as I was wanting to. Judging by Piper moving back in and moaning into my mouth as she kissed me she had similar thoughts.

'This is moving quick,' I thought to myself. If it wasn't for the ladies on the bikes we may have been caught in a far more compromising situation later.

Over the next few weeks, seeing more and more of each other, having lunch together in the park, having some quiet drinks together at functions, the tension was constantly building. Rubbing each other at the park turned into masturbating Piper openly under her skirt or through unbuttoned pants, with her hand through the fly in my pants, visible to anyone who took more than a casual glance at us. On more than one occasion I returned to work with the taste of her on my fingers. 

I decide to ask my standard question of a new lover one day. "So what's your favourite fantasy?"

"I want to have a cock inside me as another girl sucks my clit!" She responded with a little hesitation. I desperately wanted to help her fulfil it in the future. We discussed what turned each other on, possibilities of sexual adventure and each other's past and current sexual exploits. She told me of her male neighbour stripping for her after a few drinks and Piper sucking him into her mouth as he stood before her. This gave me even more desire to take this further, thinking that friend could be me. We talked of how she got professionally waxed every month, and how the beautician's hands lingered and touched areas at times that may not have been necessary. All this talk could have been total fabrication, but I didn't care as it would turn me on immensely. 

Obviously we didn't want this to end, and as the desire and frustration started to increase, we decided to take a hotel room for a night that Friday, a room with a spa to enjoy it as much as possible. When the time came to leave work the anticipation began to build in my stomach. I arrived on time and waited in the car park, the room booked in her name. 

I waited patiently, after 30 minutes I was concerned she had second thoughts, the tension building. She rang and said she had been held up at work but was on her way. My worry eased and anticipation grew even more. She arrived in the car park and I walked over to greet her, we embraced and our tongues quickly found each others, as my hands found the curve of her butt. 

"Hi Lover!" she greeted me.

"Hi yourself," I replied. Corny I know.

I briefly thought of taking her on the bonnet there and then but the thought of a soft bed inside beckoned. We parted and made our way inside, checking in and making a walk down a long hall to our room, sexual tension building even more. We dropped our bags on the luggage shelf, and she pushed me back onto the bed, climbing onto my lap and grinding down. With one hand I grabbed her head and brought her mouth down to mine, while my other hand went up the back of her shirt, rubbing her spine. 

"Mmmm that's nice. I brought my oils so I will repay this favour later." She had trained as a massage therapist in another work life. I looked forward to that!

Piper started to unbutton my shirt and reached inside, rubbing my chest. The feel of her hands running through my chest hair felt great, using a small amount of force, ending up like a soft massage. She sat up and unbuttoned her blouse, revealing a sexy black lace bra beneath. She shrugged the blouse of her shoulders and discarded it. I could see the faint colour of her nipples through the lace. I was finally going to see this sex kitten without her clothes, not to mention do things with her I had wanted to do for a long time. 

I sat up started to kiss her neck and shoulders, while she slid my shirt back off my shoulders and threw it away from the bed. Our mouths again met, our lips mashing together before our tongues did the same. She pushed me back down on the bed and ground down onto my crotch, feeling my cock rubbing her through our clothes was almost painful I was that hard. She moved herself down a bit, giving herself enough room to unbuckle my belt and open my fly.

We both needed a shower before things went too far so I rolled her off, and helped her up. She slid my pants down my legs as I stepped out of them, before grabbing the waistband of my boxers and doing the same, having to pull the waistband out to clear the head of my erect cock. She took an unobstructed look at my cock for the first time, pointing straight up past her face, realising I was shaved smooth. I had told her about this during our conversations, but she was still impressed.

"Nice!" was all she said as she ran her hand gently down my length, and then cupped my bare balls, not taking her eyes off my crotch.

She stood up and undid her skirt, letting it slowly drop to the floor. I took a step back to take in the site before me. 

"Turn around," I asked, lust thick in my voice. Her sexy G-String was embedded in the crack of her butt. It was almost going to be a shame she had to take it off for us to go further. I pulled her to me and reached around to unhook her bra as we kissed again. I moved back slightly to allow her to let it slip from her arms, before pulling her back and feeling her gorgeous breasts mash against my chest. My hands wandered down to run over the curve of her butt, cupping and lifting her off her feet ever so slightly. I let her down and hooked my fingers into her G-String, sliding it down over her butt. She stepped out of it and, taking my hand turned around and walked me to the bathroom without letting me get a glimpse of her mound.

"I can't reveal all my secrets!" she said over her shoulder to me with that sexy smirk.

She ran the shower as I stood behind her kissing the tops of her shoulders and the back of her neck, cupping her breasts from behind. Once the water was up to temperature, we both stepped in and embraced under the hot water. With the passion building, she grabbed the soap and started to run it over my back and butt cheeks as we kissed, before squatting down to run it down my legs. I looked down to watch the water cascading off her breasts and down to her pussy. There was a small tuft above her pussy, but I still couldn't see any further. "Didn't this all started with thoughts of you washing me?" she asked with that gorgeous smile.

She ran the soap back up again towards my crotch, soaping under my balls and towards my butt, her finger running over with the slightest pressure as she gave me a mischievous look and a smile. She then brought the soap forward and ran it over the length of my cock, top and bottom, before wrapping her hand around me and stroking me gently a few times. She let the water rinse the suds off then took the tip of my cock into her mouth and gently sucked, then a little more until the head was inside her mouth.

She released my cock from her lips, but not her hand at the base. "I love a guy who shaves. I don't get any hairs where I shouldn't."

"Well I love a smooth pussy, so I thought I should return the favour," I responded.

"Well I hope you love mine!" she enquired in a sultry tone as she stood, stepping back under the spray of water, and for the first time I saw her totally naked and on display. My eyes took in her form, curves in all the right places, and as my eyes dropped to her pussy I was rewarded with the site of her shaved smooth underneath, and the confirmation of only a small narrow tuft above, neatly trimmed and short. I was looking forward to running my tongue along there.

I looked up at her full breasts, and she surprised me with her comment, "You're not turned off are you?"

I almost did a double take, "Sorry?"

"With my nipples, they're inverted." 

"They look fine to me," I smiled, and backed this up by leaning down and sucking here right nipple into my mouth, then repeated this on the left.

Before I got too far into it she withdrew and raised herself up to wash my chest. She rinsed the rest of the suds off before handing me the soap, and I started on her. 

"Now you can help out with that promise," she said. She turned herself around and lent her front against the wall, pushing her arse towards me, her arms above her head and hands on the wall. I ran the soap over back and butt, massaging it on the way through and opening her cheeks to see her brown ring and beyond that the hairless lips of her pussy. I did her legs, and lifted a foot to rub the soap into and give a gentle massage before doing the same to the other foot. I slid back up to have my cock nestle nicely between her butt cheeks and nibble on the back of her neck.

"Mmmm!" she groaned her approval before turning around and kissing me forcibly. 

"I'm liking being naked with you," she said. She took my hands and placed them on her breasts, her hands over the top and making me rub them as our tongues danced. I broke the kiss and concentrated on washing her, rinsing her breasts and running the soap down the front of her crotch and under, across her pussy lips. I put the soap on the holder and kneeled down to take a breast into my mouth, suckling it gently as she held the back of my head. 
