 The attendant was immediately alarmed when he saw the little red convertible racing down the road and entering the gas station at significantly more than the posted speed limit of 10 mph. He gripped his broom like it might protect him from the speeding vehicle, took three quick steps towards the raised concrete island that housed the station's three pumps, and disappeared behind the center pillar. Chick will kill herself if she always drives like that, he thought, hoping she wouldn't slam into one of the pumps.

She didn't. She brought her car to a screeching halt halfway between the pumps and the little convenience store, pulled the keys from the ignition, and jumped out.

"Where's the ladies' room?" she almost screamed at the attendant.

Still busy getting his heartbeat under control, he just stared at her. What a chick, he thought. Way too pretty to die in a car wreck.

"Where's the ladies' room?" she repeated. This time she did scream.

"In the store. Blue door on the right," he finally managed and pointed at the entrance.

She took off like a bullet and rushed into the store. Please, Lord, she prayed silently, please don't let me pee in my panties in a convenience store. Please, just two minutes more. 90 seconds if you will. Please!

There! The blue door. She ripped it open and glanced at the signs on the opposite wall. Ladies to the right, men . . . Whatever. She turned right, ran down the short corridor and pushed the door to the ladies room so hard it crashed into the wall.

The janitor sweeping the floor stopped his mop in mid-sweep and stared at her.

"Excuse me, I need to . . . Excuse me!" She shoved him out of the way, turned, and backed up against the toilet. "Excuse me!" she said again, hoping he'd get the hell out of the room. Ten seconds, Lord, please!

She yanked her skirt up and began to squat down. The moment she slipped her hands under the waistband of her panties, she knew the Lord had refused her that last extension. Her time was up. Just as she began to push her panties down her thighs, the floodgates opened, no longer under her control. A thick stream of pale yellow fluid shot out of her pussy and into her panties. Then, as she pushed them farther down, the stream hit the floor, where it gathered into a puddle between her and the janitor's feet.

Her thighs finally landed on the seat and the stream went where it was supposed to go. The girl's relief turned into embarrassment as she remembered the janitor's presence. Her eyes wandered from the puddle on the floor up the guy's legs, rested briefly on the bulge in his crotch, then continued up his chest until she finally found the strength to meet his eyes.

"You pissed on the floor!" he complained, still undecided whether he wanted to be mad at her or turned on.

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry, okay!"

"Now I have to sweep the floor all over again!"

"Hey, I said I was sorry, okay? You should have moved out of my way."

"What?! Now it's my fault?"

"No, it's not your fault. Not entirely, at least." Her eyes wandered back to his crotch. The bulge was still there. Even bigger than before. "Say, you enjoy watching me pee?"

"No, I don't. I . . ." Then it dawned on him that the evidence to the contrary was right in front of her eyes. "Yeah, kind of. I never watched a girl piss before."

"Funny, I've never watched a man pee." She seemed lost in thought for a moment. "Why don't you pee too and let me watch?"

He just stared at her.

"Come on, I want to watch you pee. Tit for tat!" She leaned forward and pulled down his sweatpants and boxer shorts before he could reach out and stop her. "Wow, that's a nice dick! How long is it?"

"What the fuck are you doing? You can't . . ."

"I just did," she grinned mischievously at him. "Now pee for me!" She slid back on the seat, kicked off her soiled panties, and spread her thighs wide. "Just don't pee on my legs."

"I can't. I'm too hard. I can't piss like this."

She dimly remembered something from biology class. When men had an erection, some kind of muscle kicked in and prevented . . . What the heck. If he needed to get rid of his erection first, she'd suck him off. No big deal. She really wanted to see him pee now.

She leaned forward again, grabbed his dick, and pulled him closer. Must be seven inches at least, she thought, maybe seven and a half. "How long is it?" she asked again.

"Never measured it. You really want to blow me? Here?"

"Sure, why not? You said you couldn't pee if you had an erection, didn't you?"

"Jesus H. Christ," he sighed when she wrapped her lips around his dick. He looked down and watched in amazement as the first two inches of his dick disappeared between her pale pink lips. She was really doing it, sucking him off in the ladies' room! His buddies would never believe this!

He felt her tongue dancing around his dick while she slid her mouth slowly back and forth and her right hand massaged the exposed shaft expertly. Soon enough his breath came out in ragged gasps and he knew he wouldn't last long.

Despite her intention to suck the guy off quickly and move on to the peeing part, her own lust arose quickly. She moved her free hand to her pussy and rubbed her engorged clit vigorously, at the same time easing up on his dick to give herself more time to reach a climax of her own.

But he wouldn't let her. As soon as he felt her efforts slackening, he took her head in both hands and began to fuck her mouth gently but firmly. Before she could do anything about it, she felt his dick expanding slightly and knew he was about to come. Frustrated as she was at not being able to come herself, she still wanted her lover to enjoy it. She let all but the head slip out of her mouth, sucked hard, and stabbed at his piss hole with her tongue.

He came instantly. With his hands still holding her head, he managed to keep his dick between her lips and flooded her mouth with his cum. She sucked greedily, swallowing each spurt as soon as it landed on her tongue. She would have loved to keep it in her mouth for a while and savor the taste, but was afraid that something might leak out and soil her blouse.

When his hips finally stopped jerking back and forth and his dick deflated, she let it slip out of her mouth. She slid back on the toilet's seat and spread her legs wide again. "Now pee," she demanded.

The janitor stared at her, dumbfounded.

"Come on, pee!" she repeated. "You said you couldn't pee when you're hard. You're not hard anymore. Now do it! I want to watch you pee!"

To the best of his knowledge, nobody except his mom had ever watched him piss, and that was a long, long time ago. He was clearly uncomfortable, but after that super blowjob he just got, he felt he couldn't refuse her. He took careful aim so he wouldn't piss on her belly or her legs accidentally.

"See, that wasn't so hard, was it?" she said when he finally started. She smiled and watched intently as his piss shot out of his dick and hit the bowl just inches in front of her.

After a few seconds, her interest faded. Her curiosity satisfied, she wondered what watersports aficionados found so exiting about it. Okay, probably they did more than just watch, but that wasn't her cup of tea. Cum on her skin, or pussy juice--anytime, but pee? Yuck! No way!

To her surprise, his dick began to grow again. Slowly, but noticeably. When the stream diminished and finally stopped altogether, the last drop still clinging to his piss hole, he was clearly on the way to another erection.

"Satisfied now?" he asked gruffly, not aware of the double entendre of his words. He gave his dick a gentle shake that made the drop fall to the floor.

"Not quiet. I haven't come yet," she said and stood up. She took his dick out of his hand and tugged at it lightly. "It can get hard again, can't it?"

It did. Pleased with her handiwork, the girl bunched her skirt up around her waist again, turned around and leaned against the wall, sticking her ass out at him. "What are you waiting for? Screw me!"

His fear of getting caught in the act flashed up briefly, but his desire to fuck this hot chick was stronger. He guided his dick to her pussy and pushed half of it into her with the first thrust of his hips.

"Yeah!" she screamed. "Deeper!"

"Keep the noise down, baby," he whispered urgently while he thrust forward again and buried the rest of his dick in her hot pussy.

"Yeah!" she screamed again, not quite as loud this time. "Fuck me!"

All fear of getting caught was forgotten when her pussy muscles tightened and enveloped his dick like a velvet glove. He grabbed her hips with both hands and fucked her fast and hard. Each time his hips slammed into her ass cheeks, he let out a hoarse groan, punctuated by the girl's almost continuous moans of pleasure.

Having come just a few minutes earlier definitely helped his self-control, but the thrill of fucking her in the ladies' room, where another customer could push the unlocked door open and surprise them any minute, soon got the better of him. He tightened his grip on her hips and slammed into her even harder, oblivious to the noise they were both making.

"I'm coming!" the girl suddenly shrieked and pushed her ass back, almost throwing him off balance. Her pussy muscles clamped down on his dick erratically and pushed him over the edge again. He shot his load deep into her and finally pulled his spent dick out of her pussy, coated with a mixture of her juices and his cum.

"Hand me some toilet paper." She was still breathing hard, but had regained enough of her composure to stand without leaning against the wall. Holding her skirt up around her waist with one hand, she quickly wiped the juices off her pussy and thighs.

"Babe, that was good," she said when she was finished and threw the soaking wad of paper on the floor. "I really got to run now."

"Wait! Your panties!" He bent down to pick them up, then stopped when he remembered that she had pissed into them.

"They're all wet! Just throw them away, or keep them--"

She straightened her skirt and made for the door, stopping briefly in front of the mirror to check her face for cum that might have escaped her mouth when she blew him. There was none. "See you around!" She waved cheerfully at him and disappeared out of the door.

The janitor just stood there, pants still down, limp dick dangling in front of him, and stared after her. His buddies would never believe this!