 The light from the campfire begins to outshine the glow of the setting sun as the first star begins to twinkle.

Jason and Maria snuggle closer to each other and the warmth of the fire as the evening chill creeps in. Jason stirs the fire as they watch the sparks rise and turn into twinkling stars. The fire is nothing more than coals as their gaze turns towards each other, they lean into each other as their lips touch and tongues begin to dance. 

Jason's hand cups Maria's face as her hand reaches around the back of his neck as they both moan. Soon both sets of hands are exploring the others body, Jason's hand finds her firm breast as a gasp of pleasure escapes from between her lips. Maria's hand begins to caress Jason's growing erection through his pants; he instinctively opens his legs to allow her easier access as she reaches for his zipper.

Jason's hand now moves under Maria's shirt and cups her breast, with her silky bra as the only barrier to her hard nipples. Their kissing becomes interspersed more with moans & groans as their hands explore the others body. By now Jason has slipped his hand under Maria's bra and is gently rolling her nipple between his thumb & forefinger, while massaging her ample breast with the rest of his hand.

Maria meanwhile has just gotten her hand under the waistband of his underwear and grasped his throbbing cock. She could feel it grow even harder with every beat of Jason's heart as she stroked its length.

Jason now unbuttons Maria's shirt and kisses the nape of her neck and down her chest to the valley between her breasts. His hand now exposes her hard nipple to his waiting lips & tongue, Maria responds by squeezing his cock, forcing the blood to the head, making it grow and turn a deeper shade of purple.

Maria uses her finger to spread the pre-cum over the head of Jason's cock, making it glisten in the moonlight, making it feel even silkier to Maria.

Jason and Maria look into each other's eyes and they both know what the other is thinking, time to move into the tent.

Jason activates a glow stick and secures it inside the roof of the tent, as the glow from the campfire does not provide enough light in the tent. Now Jason turns his attention to Maria, who is now unbuttoning Jason's shirt.

He begins to unbutton her shirt, exposing her bra-covered breasts; he leans forward and kisses the valley between them while his hands gently massage them. Maria tilts her head back and grabs the hair on the back of his head keeping him there longer. Jason can hear Maria's heart beat as he enjoys the warm softness between her breasts. Jason slips one hand down the front of her pants, he can feel the heat as his hand traces up and down the zipper of her jeans, just before he lowers it. Maria grabs Jason's hair and brings his lips to hers just as Jason feels the wet silkiness of her panties and her hand finds his throbbing cock. Jason's hand strokes her fiery pussy through her panties before slipping it under the waistband, he can feel her tremble as his hand makes it's way first to her clit, which her takes his time stroking before his hand parts her outer lips and probes inside her wet pussy.

Maria meanwhile has been stroking Jason's shaft and now moves her hand down and caresses his balls.

Jason uses his other hand to release her firm breasts from her bra, his hand caresses its warm fullness as he plays with her hardening nipple. 

Soon they can not stand to be clothed and begin to free themselves from the confines of their remaining clothes.

Laying beside each other now they take the sensuous curves of each other, bathed in the soft green glow of the glow stick.

Once again their lips meet as their tongues wrestle in between, as if on automatic their hands caress each other in just the right places. It is Jason who makes the first move by rolling on top of Maria. He starts at her lips and begins to kiss, lick and suck his way down her body. First he moves to suck on her ear lobes before he moves down the nap of her neck, he sucks her neck and swirls his tongue, before he moves around the front of her neck and then between her full breasts.

His hands move up to her nipples and as he rolls her nipples between his fingers and squeezes her breasts against his face, feeling her hot soft flesh against his cheeks. Maria's hand grabs the back of his head, grabbing a handful of hair as she draws him deeper into the valley between her breasts.

Although he could spend the rest of the night here, he has his sights set on her sweet, hot, wet pussy.

He reluctantly moves his face from between her breasts, trailing his tongue down her body, pausing long enough to swirl it round her belly-button while sucking around it. He can feel her involuntary twitches, but her hands have not moved from the back of his head.

He moves down from her belly-button trying to decide which side to go to, she tries to guide him straight down but he knows she will enjoy it more when he takes his time getting to her pussy. He moves to his left and down to her right hip and thigh, he knows he has found one of her erogenous zones by the way she has turned to that side and almost doubled over in pleasure and tightened her grip on his hair.

After teasing her for a little while he moves to the other side, gently brushing his lips over her neatly trimmed, hot pussy. Barely able to stand his teasing, she tries to pull his face to her moist pussy, but he wants to prolong her pleasure before he tastes her sweet juices.

Again he finds the erogenous zone this time on the other side, she doesn't double over nearly as much but her moans are louder and longer as she was anticipating it.

Jason now moves his lips over hers and gently kisses them before taking them into his mouth, sucking on them as he pulls back.

He does this a couple more times before he uses his tongue to part her lips as they are in his mouth.

Gently sucking her pussy lips into his mouth as his tongue reaches for her clit, again he knows she likes this from the way she pulls his head closer to her.

Finally his tongue tastes her fresh sweet juices, he can't think of a better flavour, that combined with the feel of her pussy on his lips, her clit on his tongue and her inner thighs against the sides of his head. He can feel the pre-cum oozing from his throbbing cock, making a wet spot on the sleeping bag beneath him.

His hands move up her body reaching the sides of her breasts, feeling their fullness before his fingers find her erect nipples. He rolls them between his fingers and gently pulls them, while still cupping and massaging them in small circles with his palms.

Jason now places his lips around her clit and while flicking it with his tongue, starts to suck, feeling and tasting Maria getting wetter.

Now Jason moves his hands away from Maria's hard nipples, down her body, around her firm ass. One hand moves to her pussy and he slides two fingers inside her hot wetness in search of her G spot. It doesn't take him long to find it, it takes Maria even less time to react to it. Moans of pleasure escape from her lips as her hands begin to rub her heaving breasts, fingers playing with her nipples. Jason can taste her sweet juices flowing around his fingers as he revels in the pleasure he is giving Maria, he can feel pre-cum flowing from his throbbing cock. For him this is the next best thing to orgasm, feeling, tasting and hearing Maria cum from what he is doing, he only wishes this could go on forever. Jason knows all too well that even Maria can only take this for so long before she HAS to feel his cock inside of her, feel his body pressing against hers, look into his eyes and see his orgasm as he fills her with his cum.

That time is NOW! Maria pulls Jason's head up by the hair and all but throws him on his back. She quickly moves on top of him to keep him from getting back up, like he is really going to argue as her hands take hold of his hard cock. Her tongue does circles around the head, licking the pre-cum off before taking the full length into her mouth as her tongue licks his full balls. Jason gasps as he fights to keep from cumming too soon, but Maria knows her man all too well and eases up just enough to keep his pleasure going. She begins to slowly stroke his shaft as she sucks the head and twirls her tongue about. Just as he fees he is almost over the edge he lets her know, she stops and waits for the "mini-orgasm" to flow through him. She can feel his cum ooze out of his cock as it washes over him, her reward for stopping just in time. She can see how much he enjoys this by the look of strained pleasure that has taken over his face. Followed by the relaxed pleasure of knowing this is but the first of many "mini's" he will have before finally exploding deep inside of her.

Once she feels him relax and start thrusting his hips, she begins to stroke him shaft again. Now she cups his balls in her other hand, they somehow feel lighter, yet still full. He can feel the warmth of her hand and moans as she gently caresses his balls, almost milking the cum up his shaft before she again stops for another "mini-orgasm". 

Now it is Jason who can wait no longer, he gently pulls Maria up his body, grabs her firm ass and grinds her outer lips against his cock. He can feel her outer lips envelope his shaft without penetrating into her, she can feel the swollen head of his cock rubbing against her clit. Before either of them can move a hand down to guide his cock into her pussy, as if on cue, it slides in on its own, causing both to look deep into the others eyes, sharing the pleasure of this connection.

Jason now moves his hands lightly up Maria's back, causing her to arch her back and moan louder. His hands now move around and cup each of her firm breasts, drawing her nipples to his lips; he guides first one then the other into his mouth. Her nipples grow even harder between his lips as his tongue dances over it. Jason presses his face deeper into her breast, feeling the warm soft heat cover his face. For only a moment he loses himself in her breast, and then he feels her pussy squeeze his cock as an orgasm washes over her. Now Jason feels he is about to cum and tells Maria to stop, as she does, she can feel his "mini-orgasm" fill her pussy with hot cum. 

Now they both stop thrusting but Jason can feel his balls contract each time they pump more cum deep inside Maria's pussy. Maria loves the feeling of Jason filling her, almost as much as feeling his cock pulsing inside her hot pussy.

It isn't long before Jason recovers from his mini-orgasm and is once again sliding his still hard cock into Maria's hot pussy. He now takes this time to tease and please Maria , by just barely sliding the swollen head of his cock inside Maria, then driving deep inside her, feeling his cock "bottom out" He can see the look of pleasure on he face and can hear her gasp as she clamps down on his cock with her pussy. He knows this drives her crazy, and truth be told......he loves it too.

Jason now kneels straight up; he can feel the head of his cock rubbing against her g spot. He can feel her orgasm approaching and reaches down and begins to rub her clit, he can feel her pussy squeeze his cock as her orgasm builds and she starts to rub her breasts as the waves of her orgasm wash over her. Jason takes great pleasure in giving Maria orgasms, he really has to fight the urge to cum himself, he has a feeling he is being selfish enjoying the feeling of Maria cumming and holding his own orgasm back, until he sees the look of ecstasy in her eyes as the waves of orgasm begin to subside.

Maria now moves Jason off her and straddles him so now she is on top, Jason really likes this as his hands are now able to caress her breasts or roam over her firm ass as she rides him.

Maria begins by grinding her pussy up and down the length of Jason's cock, letting her outer lips be parted by his throbbing cock, letting her clit slid the full length. Jason can feel her outer lips kiss his balls before Maria slides down then back up his shaft to the swollen head of his cock. Maria is able to slide Jason's hard cock inside her waiting pussy without using her hands, as though his cock knew exactly where she wanted it. Now Jason's hands move down her back slowly down the center, causing her to arch her back just as they reach her cheeks. He squeezes them together as she moves up then down his cock. Maria leans forward as Jason's hands move up her back and move to take a breast in each hand, drawing them closer to his waiting tongue. He takes one of her nipples in his mouth as his fingers play with the other, feeling them grow even harder. Jason pulls her closer to him as he begins thrust into her faster, he releases her nipple from his mouth and moves his mouth to the valley between them and pushes her tit flesh against his face as he kisses and sucks between them.

Jason can feel Maria's pussy squeeze his cock, telling him she has had a small orgasm, her breathing tells him she is building to a bigger one, he can feel his own starting to approach too. 

Maria now straightens up as Jason's hands again find her breasts, they can both see the signs of each others impending orgasm in the others eyes and now that it is time. Maria adjusts her self until she can feel the head of Jason's cock against her g spot; Jason also can feel this and begins to thrust with her. 

Both of them start to moan louder as they each approach orgasm, Maria can feel her pussy muscles start to quiver and has the uncontrollable urge to push. Jason can feel his balls start to tense, preparing to fill Maria with his hot cum. 

Maria starts to gasp even louder now as she can feel the first waves of orgasm start to flow through her, radiating out in all directions from her g spot, as they do she seems to lose control of her muscles and lets the orgasm take over. Jason can feel the first wave rock Maria, then he feels his orgasm start. First he can feel his ball tighten up, then he can feel the muscle contractions start even deeper, then the contractions flow out to his balls causing his cum to pump up the length of his shaft, he can feel it each time his balls pump his hot cum into Maria's pussy, he can also feel his cum as it enters Maria and hits just above her g spot. Maria feels his hot cum hitting just above her g spot and her own orgasm begins to get more intense, she doesn't know how or why that happens, nor does she care, she just enjoys the waves of orgasm as they take control of her for the moment. Both of them are taken over by their orgasms, each movement controlled by their orgasm seem to give the other that much more pleasure as the waves ripple through them, until finally they regain control.

It is now they have fun with each other using muscle control to give the other "aftershocks" as they have called them. After about 5 minuets of this they begin to kiss each other and they know it is now time for cuddling before drifting off to sleep under the stars in each others arms.

The dawn brings a new day, with the birds inviting them to open their eyes and venture out of the tent to start a new day. Jason is the first to emerge, stretching and taking in a deep breath of morning air, before crossing the backyard and heading into the house to put on some fresh coffee for them to enjoy in the backyard, next to the tent they had shared that night. As they both enjoy the first cup of the day, nestled next to each other, they look into the others eyes over the brim of their cups and wonder if the neighbours heard them during the night, they both smile with a "devil may care" twinkle and sip their coffee.

The End......of this one.