 The first woman that Clifton found intriguing was a petite red head. Her hair was long and shiny and hung around her face in large spiral curls. She was dressed in a long black matte jersey dress. It hugged her curves graciously. Clifton liked her look. It was completed with a delicate silver watch, a long silver pendant, and high- heeled Mary Jane’s. He was interested and yet something held him in his seat. He scanned the room. His eyes caught on another beautiful woman.

She was tall with short black hair. She tried to wear it pushed behind her ears but it didn’t want to stay there. As she writhed on the dance floor it fell into her eyes. This gave her a mysterious quality that kept him watching. Clifton noticed that she was wearing an inappropriate outfit for the season. It was a short red dress with black beadwork. It was sleeveless and cut low. Clifton wouldn’t have been surprised if one of her pale white breasts slipped out wile she was dancing. She wore red satin pumps that looked like they cost more than his monthly rent. She was beautiful however impractical she was.

The third woman that he saw seemed shy. He thought that she seemed very approachable. She was wearing black pants and a purple shirt. She was on the dance floor talking with another woman but she wasn’t really dancing. She looked as if she was letting the air current in the room sway her back and forth. She possessed an ethereal quality. He watched her for as long as he could. When she started walking away from the dance floor he feared that she might be leaving. He ran down to the lower level and spotted her entering the ladies room. He waited for her nearby.

“Hello,” he said when she came out of the bathroom.

“Hi. I’m Miriam,” she replied. She looked him over quickly and decided that he wasn’t really worth her time but this was a new club and she didn’t want to have to face him here often so she indulged his fancy for a while. 

“Would you like to dance?” he asked almost unable to get the words out. He wasn’t sure whether she was interested in him or not, but he that that the fact that she was still standing there was a positive sign.

“No, not really. I’ve had my share of dancing for the evening,” she saw the hurt look on his face and decided to throw him a bone. She raised her glass and shook it to emphasize that it was empty.

“Can I buy you a drink?”

“Cosmopolitan,” came her one word response. She watched him walk towards the bar. She sat at the nearest table and waited for his return. He came back with a cosmopolitan and an iced tea. She made minimal small talk with Clifton and as soon as she finished her drink she thanked him and added that she had to be at work early. For his benefit she added that she wouldn’t mind seeing him again. Clifton understood that he was getting the brush off. He felt dejected.

Angela arrived at PIZAZZ around eleven. She made a quick scan around the room but her eyes didn’t catch on anyone. She thought that maybe a good prospect would turn up within time. After all, it was only eleven o’clock. She noticed that there were more females than males in the room. She went to the bar and ordered a draft beer. She held the frosty glass in her hand and stared at the dance floor. She knew that she wouldn’t find many men there, but it was directly in her sightline. She saw all types of women dancing. Some were dressed conservative and some were not. She circled the dance floor and discovered a cluster of men on the other side. She smiled in their direction and entered the dance floor. After a few moments the cluster disbanded and regrouped around Angela. She danced with each of them in turn and found one whom she wanted to share a drink with. He was on the short side but she liked his look.

His blonde hair was shaved short. His hairstyle reminded her of a marine. She liked that. His slate blue eyes reflected depth. Angela danced him towards the bar and ordered herself another beer. Parker followed suit and ordered a vodka on the rocks, with a twist. They sat in a nearby table that had recently been occupied by Clifton and Miriam, but they were long gone. 

“What do you think of this new club?” asked Parker.

“I’m not sure yet. That all depends upon you,” replied Angela knowingly.

“Um, well, I think that it seems okay. The drinks are price average and the music is good. There seems to be a good mixed of guys and women. . . .” he wasn’t sure what she was looking for.

“I think that my enjoyment of this club will depend greatly upon what happens between the two of us.” Parker’s male instinct kicked in and he understood what Angela was hinting at.

Angela wondered of she was being too sexual with him. She had a tendency to come on a bit strong and she finally realized that it was one of the reasons why guys didn’t see her as dateable. But Angela didn’t know how else to be. 

“Let’s dance!” Angela walked towards the dance floor knowing that he was right behind her. She maneuvered her way into the middle and started to move her hips with the thump, thump, thump, of the music. Parker danced close to her and Angela rubbed against him every so often. She loved to dance. Dancing was so erotic and yet so innocent. She let Parker wrap his arm around her waist and she pressed her body against his. After twenty minutes of grinding on each other they both needed a break. They went to the bar and got some bottled water.

While they were sitting down parker leaned in close to Angela and asked her how she was enjoying the club now.

“Oh, I think that I’m really going to like it here- thanks to you.”

“Well, I think that I can guarantee that you’ll like it here,” he said. Angela looked at him with a confused look. Parker reached into his wallet and presented a silver foil square to Angela. “I’ve got the necessary things, if you know what I mean.” Angela didn’t see that coming. She only meant that if things went a rye between the two of them than she would dislike this club on principle. Angela was astonished that he thought so little of her. She was not a whore and didn’t intend to sleep with someone she had just met. She threw her water in his lap and stormed out of the club. She wanted a boyfriend who was interested in her mind not just her body. She left the bar without a clue where she was headed.



Clifton sat at a table slowly drinking his espresso. He knew that it would keep him up all night but at this point he didn’t care. He had Saturdays off. As he was sitting there he noticed a beautiful girl walk through the door. The bells sang out her arrival as a foghorn warns of a ship. Clifton had no choice but to notice her. He watched as she approached the counter. The cashier took her order and they made small talk while she waited for her white mocha with extra whipped cream.

Angela walked from the counter and noticed that her favorite booth was occupied. In fact, all of the booths were occupied. She spotted a man sitting alone at a table for four. She walked towards him slowly and when he looked up she realized that it was the same man she had seen yesterday. She noted that he was dressed well again.

“May I sit here?” she asked.

“Yeah, sure.” Clifton didn’t want to speak to anyone but the café was packed and he knew that he didn’t own the seat. He hoped that she wouldn’t start chattering but he felt that it was inevitable.

“You seem down. Do you want to talk about it? And don’t say no of you don’t mean it.” There was a long silence. Clifton didn’t know whether he wanted to talk about it or pretend that it never happened. He decided that he didn’t have anything better to do.

“I went to check out a new club, PIZAZZ, and I got brushed off by every woman there,” he explained. Angela could feel his pain.

“That’s very interesting. I went to PIZAZZ, also, and a guy mistook me for a prostitute. Well, not really. I was dancing with him and we started talking and he pulled a condom out of his wallet.”

“What did you do?”

“Well. I threw my drink in his lap and left. Then I came here for a comforting cup of coffee and whipped cream. What about you?” she asked.

“After I got the brush off for the third time I came here to wallow in solitude.”

“Do you want me to leave you alone?” Angela inquired.

“Um, no actually I don’t. Tell me another story,” Clifton urged.

Angela and Clifton talked until the coffee shop closed. Neither one of them wanted to go home to an empty apartment so Clifton invited Angela back to his place. They walked, hand in hand, to his cozy loft apartment. After Clifton gave her a short tour they plopped down on the couch to finish their conversation. Clifton was telling Angela about his last blind date and she was laughing hysterically.

She leaned over and kissed him. It was soft at first but then he started kissing back. Their tongues danced and warred. Angela tipped her head back and allowed him to explore the interior of her mouth. Clifton started nibbling her bottom lip and before she knew it he was undoing her by suckling on her neck. A soft moan escaped from her throat and turned her head to allow him better access. She could feel her desire for him, her clitoris yearned for his tongue and Angela knew that it was all over. 

Will Angela and Clifton go all the way? Will having sex ruin their chances for a meaningful relationship? Stay tuned for PART THREE!

Thank You for reading the second installment to this story. Please take the time to VOTE! Any and all feed back is appreciated! Thanks. 