 The buffering bar ticks up towards full as the video loads, coming to life once the player has enough data to complete the show without interruption. Staring back through the screen is a very excited looking long haired brunette whose face dominates the capture, her large brown eyes made even larger due to her ellipse lensed glasses. Sporting a smile from ear to ear, she introduces the video: "Hi there everyone on Fuckbook, I'm with my friend here to help him convince one of you all to solve a little problem he's having". The video pans over to the right, revealing a far less excited looking young man who looks to be about twenty. Crystal blue eyes contrast softly with the emerging blush on his face. His damp shaggy dark hair is not quite long enough to hide anything in particular, but exposes that he's nice and clean from a recent shower. He's also shirtless, revealing a well defined but slim body. The lines of his abs draw the eyes to his tanned and smooth chest, the surfer boy body not quite matching the embarrassed look of his admittedly very handsome face. Looking away shyly, the girl startles him back to peeking at the camera by putting a hand on his chest.

"You see, Howard here not only doesn't have a girlfriend, but he's a virgin. Can you believe that? Look at this guy. He even gets straight A's! In college! In California!" her voice comes from off screen, the video jumping around from her picking up the camera and focusing it on him. The praise makes Howard scowl a bit, looking away again as his blush blooms. "Ah, but it isn't because he's lacking in anything. He's had quite a few suitors naked, in his bed even. I can say that with authority since I was one of them. Actually, the problem is he has a little bit too much of something". Giggling, she zooms the focus out and sets it on the nearby stand before inclining over Howard, revealing to the camera that she's wearing just a white t-shirt with a pink logo and a pair of black bikini cut panties.

Lying on her side facing the camera and resting her head on his shoulder, as she gently rubs his chest it becomes apparent she's quite petite, being slightly more than a foot shorter and fitting well against him. She delights in tracing the outlines of his muscles as her hand comes to rest on the waist of his pajama shorts. "Show yourself to the world, come on," she teases with a glint in her eye, excitement dripping from her voice. He nearly groans in contrast, deliberately looking at the wall opposite the camera. What was once the source of naïve pride had long ago become a source for bashfulness. Steeling himself, Howard lifts up his midsection and slides down his shorts, imparting why his companion simply cannot keep a straight face. "Just fucking look at this thing, it's so ridiculous" chortles the brunette, enjoying the grand reveal.

"Maddy!" exclaims the poor Howard, steadfast in his staring contest with the wall. Maddy, on the other hand, nearly has tears in her eyes as she laughs, savoring his embarrassment. Snaking her hand down and under to his newly released member, the limp eggplant bounces softly on her hand as she plays with it. It dwarfs her tiny hand, the tips of her fingers visible underneath but only her wrist on the other side.

"Thank Christ it's at least a little excited, or even the biggest slut wouldn't stand a chance. It gets literally a foot long and as big as both my fists," she says, wrapping her fingers over a closed fist to demonstrate. "It's probably, like, a third of my body weight too."

"You're freaking tiny! It's not that bad. You talk about it like it's a monster. And don't use 'slut', I've always hated that..." Howard tails off meekly, taking a quick glance at the camera before deciding to focus his gaze on Maddy.

"Look at that, he's such a sweetheart, he really is" coos Maddy, looking back at Howard fondly, however trying not to laugh. "But, I'm sure anyone who's caught you skinny dipping in Loch Ness would agree with me it's a monster. I have no idea how you even thought having sex with me would've been possible. Anyway, we've gotta sell this thing to someone, and the only ones buying are sluts and German porn directors, so don't interrupt my pitch." Following her quip, Maddy pulls out a bottle of baby oil from a table out of view, and instructs Howard to uncap it and keep it ready for her.

"Now personally, my favorite part about this thing is making it go from soft and plushy to as hard and big as the Empire State building. You can actually feel it heating up in your hands as it firms, and if you've got poor circulation like me it just feels awesome to hold it. Like I said, warm and plushy," she chirps, taking a moment to hold the thing against her cheek, enjoying the warmth as her glasses are knocked crooked by the flailing monster. 

Grabbing the bottle from Howard, she pools a nice dollop of oil oozing around his slowly hardening member. As her hands work the oil into him, the pleasant and gentle kneading causes Howard to stir, squirming slightly and breathing harder while her tiny hands give him a rare satisfaction. Once satisfied that the oil is not going to drip away, Maddy starts using both hands on him. "Mmm, I do believe you like it when I do this" her smile betrays her innocence as each hand starts from the base, moving up twisting his barber pole, to give a rub and a flick of his slit once reaching the top, only to appear at the bottom again the next moment. The slick sliding of her hands has the desired effect on Howard, his short grunts proving her belief.

"You can see the veins start to pop out too, it's almost like a standing ovation" smirks Maddy, "speaking of standing..." with a big overture and smile, she lets go of his shaft, the tower of Pisa falling slowly to Howards stomach. "Aww, you must be nervous from being on camera," she teases. Repositioning herself between his legs, she lets one hand begin exploring his balls, massaging them back and forth. Her free hand makes its way to the base of his shaft, her palm pushing down gently as she slides it up the underside of his now shiny, slippery shaft, each repetition making Howard feel a wave of warmth sliding up through him. The pleasant sensation, as well as the lack of blood running to his brain, finally allows him to relax.

"This isn't fair, you should be naked too," complains Howard, his hands finding the bottom of her tee, sliding it up to reveal a flat, tan, and toned stomach, matching his own save for the silver barbell in her navel.

"I'm not the one getting pleasured here, and I'd probably die if you did it the normal way" Maddy shoots back, but still removes her glasses and raises her arms to accommodate the unreasonable request. Her breasts high and larger than her small athletic frame would suggest, the wide tan line of a sports bikini proved she was not used to exposing herself either. Her puffy nipples, isolated in the creamy bar of pale skin and peeking out from her apple sized tits, were taking cues from Howard's hardening cock. Lifting and mashing her tits together, the oil from her hands slicks to her chest, making the tan and cream run together. "Satisfied?" asks Maddy, proud of her both her bust and the smile it brought to her companion.

"I dunno, you've still got those panties on and I said naked, but I can reward you with partial credit" smirks Howard, having forgotten the camera the moment her shirt came off. He grabs the bottle of oil and squirts it right at her tits, enjoying watching the oil slide down the brunette's frame.

"Fine, you dick," she bites back playfully, not quite a fan of his sophomoric antics. Rising to her knees, she can't help but show off for the camera, arching her back and giving a slight moan as she runs her hands from her breasts, dragging the oil with them along the modest ridges of her stomach, to her panties waiting to be removed. Swaying her ass side to side, her smile completes the scene for the introduction of her pussy, accessorized with only a quarter sized tuft of hair right above. Once kicked off, she turns from side to side with arms held out, showing Howard she deserves full credit now.

"Great job, 100%" he replies to the unvoiced appeal, admiring her toned and now gleaming figure.

"I hope helping to sell your cock to someone who can actually use it counts for extra credit... or at the very least, this should," teases Maddy, topping it off with a naughty smile. Eyes perking up in interest, Howard mumbles approval as she makes a show of slowly bending her body down, resting her cheek on his thigh and letting her hot breath swarm around the base of his cock. Looking up at him with her big brown eyes, she purses her lips before wagging her pert ass still sticking out. Nearly mewling, she oh so slowly slides up his body, her tongue raking the side of his cock as she climbs. Finally she comes to a rest with her head on his toned chest and his cock trapped between her peaches and cream tits. The pressure her body creates coming at him from all sides is almost unbearable to the poor virgin as he groans, no longer enough blood left upstairs to form a thought. The impish smile she gives him as she begins to back up only breaks when she stops to kiss the head of his pecker, signifying it's time to drag herself back up along him. With a hand tenderly grabbing a fistful of her hair, his anguished face delights Maddy, making her giggle creating an entirely new sensation from her body's light spasms as she slides back and forth a foot at a time.

Peeking over to the camera, Maddy remembers her job for the video. "He makes such cute faces doesn't he? But that's not all! He can make you do them too!" she exclaims with her best saleswoman voice. On her up-slide, she doesn't stop and straightens herself up, running her pussy along over the underside of his cock along the way, and leaving her sitting on his chest with legs splayed, a knee to each side of Howard's head. This elicits a combination of whine and moan from Howard as he's forced to let go of her hair, his now fully engorged cock popping up obscenely when released from its cozy trap. Looking over her shoulder at the monument she helped create, she mischievously bats it to the side enjoying the Bobo doll effect of it coming right back up for more.

"It's not a punching bag, leave it alone" admonishes Howard playfully.

"Leave it alone huh? I guess I can do that" she peers down at him triumphantly, taking advantage of the opening.

"Oh I don't know, with you sitting right here I'm guessing that was your plan for time being anyway. This video is supposed to be about me you know, you should be thinking like, 'I'm the Shamwow guy, and should be doing my best to get this magnificent product sold, myself be damned'," he spars back.

Reaching a hand back, she grabs the engorged head and twirls her oiled hand around and around, a slasher smile on her lips as she peers down at him.

"Getting kind of uppity, aren't you? That doesn't help sell you know. Should I tell the story of how you sent Jenny to the hospital? No one wants a smart ass. So, why don't you be a good boy and pledge to get me off, so I do the same for this little virgin back here? It's good to show humility to the buyers," she gleefully reclaims the upper hand.

With a roll of his eyes, he knew he was defeated. She fought dirty though, he didn't do anything to Jenny. She had smacked her head against the upper bunk from the jolt of seeing his cock the first time, and claimed she had to go to the hospital because it might be a concussion. She had later admitted she was just trying to leave without hurting his feelings. Still, he had no choice but to capitulate. "Fine, you win. I, Howard Ray Crawford, pledge to be a good boy to Mistress Madison Porter, and to ensure-" sliding the rest of the way up, Maddy had silenced the slave with her pussy.

"Don't say my name, idiot" scolds the Mistress. Resolving to show his sincerity with an active tongue, Howard gives a muffled apology to her pussy, his hot breath her first reward for erecting a monument. With long and gentle licks, Mistress' new whip quickly becomes her favorite. Back and forth along her slit, topped with a roundabout over her clit to start the course anew, Howard's tongue bathes in the mixture of oil and pussy juice. Grabbing the headboard after a rather strong whimper escapes, Maddy keeps her eyes locked on Howards as her face begins to waver from excited to troubled and everything in between. With her other hand on his cock furiously jacking, Howard has to grab her hips to keep her steady as he responds to her growing need by focusing on her clit.

"Ah-All this... can be yours! Ah, for just a phone c-call!" labored Maddy, remembering her mission. "B-but that's, that's not all! I-if you like... y-you could be the sl...sl...huh-hayve!" said through clenched teeth and with her silky thighs grinding into his cheeks, her wavering voice signaled to Howard to reverse their positions. He pulled her backwards as he slid out from underneath, leaving her on her back with a leg in each of his hands as he stood. Recovering the bottle of oil, he generously slicked her thighs up, massaging it in with his strong hands.

"Don't do that part first, jackass!" reprimanded Maddy, fearful the orgasm in her grasp would slip away.

"Yes Mistress," Howard sarcastically replied to his belligerent new slave, smiling over her. Reaching to the desk behind, he brought back a purple vibrator, the six inch instrument looking small compared to his gargantuan and rock hard cock. Wringing it between his oiled hands quickly, he held the vibrator in one hand while he gathered Maddy's legs together in the other, holding her heels to his cheek. With a few teasing swipes of her slit, he inserted just the tip of the head, looking down at her with a shit eating grin. "Ah-ah," he teased, "should I put it in now?" He took back the morsel he gave, swiping the vibe down, then bringing it up against her slit but below her clit. "How about this? Will this get you off?" He turned it on to its slowest setting, the low constant hum contrasting with the climbing pitch of her whimpers and increasing irritation. Despite her best efforts to trick him into putting it in her or over her clit, her training him made him a crafty virgin, and he would have none of it. Having her orgasm out of reach but in plain sight was breaking her down.

"Motherfucker, just fucking do it already" the venom in her voice did nothing to curb Howard's forays into being the giggler, instead savoring the knowledge that he had brought his normally strong-willed and collected friend to this point. Quickly grabbing the bottle of oil back up, he sprinkled her thighs once more. He held her legs tight together against him with one arm before inserting his cock into the well oiled and smooth valley between her thighs, gliding his length over her clit with a long, slow stroke. With the tangle of body parts blocking her view, Maddy's enjoyment of having her clit finally re-attended to was quickly doubled up by the insertion of the vibrator into her own specially oiled passage.

Mewling from the double sensations, she wrapped her hands around Howard's cock thrusting through her thighs. Trying to give him a bit more of a complete sensation, her hands twisted and stroked the oiled cock. There was plenty of meat to play with as the head had no trouble surpassing her navel, the rounded barbell lightly raking his length. In exchange, Howard gyrated the vibrator around in Maddy's pussy, searching out all the sensitive spots as his thrusting was building. They continued on with this facsimile of intercourse, unable to experience the real thing, as both their orgasms reached the tipping point. With a banging thrust, Howard propelled himself as far as he could between Maddy's legs, through her hands, and over her slick muscular stomach, extending his reach with ropes of cum into the valley of her tits. The sensation of the spasmodic giant tickling her clit, not to mention the relentless vibrator, also threw Maddy over the edge. Clutching his cock as if it were her most precious possession, she shuddered in failed silence as she rode out her climax, unable to keep her appreciation to herself. With heavy pants, the two star-uncrossed lovers separated, allowing Howard to slide the vibe out.

Maddy, taking a rest from her efforts, watches Howard as he disappears to the bathroom. Suddenly alone in the bed, she silently adds seeing him leave to the list of injustices that come with being so petite. Despite being incompatible she was the one to return his affections most, to really give it a chance, and it hurt to know that the best way she could love him was to give him away. Crashing down from her post-orgasm bliss, she wondered why she did this to herself until he reappeared, a damp towel in hand and still dressed with only a smile on his face. It was that smile, the gentle warmth he showed her between their fiery banter, how he was the only one who seemed to be able to keep up with her. Taking his time wiping away his seed from her chest, his fleeting grin makes her decide to savor the moment; just as a surfer laments the end of a nice wave, they have to bear in mind there will always be others. "Look at that, he even cleans up after himself," she comments lazily, smiling back at him as a hand strokes one of his muscled calves.

"This concludes the user presentation of the Howie 9000." Turning to the camera, Maddy resolves to soldier on for Howard. "If you're interested in this product, please contact the distributors for additional information." Howard, for his part, brings up a blanket over his dear friend. He keeps himself exposed as he lies down beside Maddy, draping an arm over her. Maddy clutches a pillow and pops it under her chin, reaching out for the camera. "Supplies are limited and precious, so consider it carefully. Thank you and good night."