 "Margarita please?" Pixie asked, and waited. The Wagners put on a good pool party. The kids had their time in the water and now it was the adults turn, so the pool was empty. The light from the tiki lamps reflected gold on the calming water. Voices were getting louder—and not because the music was getting louder.

The bartender mixed Pixie's drink then held it up and looked at her cautiously. "Are you driving?" she asked.

"I'm walking," Pixie said. "I live across the street." She took the drink then startled when she turned around and found Rob too close. She brushed against him as she stepped away from the bar and turned back. "My bad," she said.

Rob shook his head and said. "Excuse me, Mrs. Tyler." Pixie could tell from the way Rob looked at her that he hadn't learned much control yet, and that's how she liked boys—eager and out of control.

She moved her hands to make sure that nothing blocked his view down her blouse, and she watched his face. She guessed that Rob's brain wasn't fully engaged. "My friends have called me Pixie for as long as I can remember," she said, "And I like that. Call me Pixie."

"Why Pixie?" Rob asked, and then Pixie knew his brain wasn't in gear. She was a petite blonde and just five feet tall. So what if she was twice his age. He should be able to figure that one out himself. She smiled at him over her drink. That stupid expression on his face was why she had her boobs lifted. It made the boys dumb.

"Were you here to get a drink?" Pixie asked, and Rob's head snapped up.

He turned to the bar, maybe too embarrassed to answer Pixie's question. "My folks sent me for a Miller and a daiquiri," he said.

The bartender was a stickler for the rules. "Can I see your ID?" she asked, and Rob was confused again.

"I'll take them," Pixie told the bartender. She tugged on Rob's sleeve and held her drink up to him. "Hold mine." Rob complained about the rules while they waited. First came the beer and then the daiquiri. Pixie took the drinks from the bar and turned to Rob. "Take me to your folks," she said.

Pixie enjoyed the view while she followed Rob through the crowd. He was past his first year at the university; he was starting to look like a man, and he had a nice butt.

Rob's folks saw Pixie trailing their son with their drinks in hand. "I should have known there'd be a problem," Karl said. "Thanks for helping." Karl was more subtle than his son, but his eyes found the same target.

"No problem," Pixie said. The Kowalskis offered her a lot of help when her husband died. He was older than Pixie—she was his trophy wife—and his passing wasn't a surprise. Most of the necessary arrangements were made ahead of time. She didn't need very much help, but she politely accepted it.

Pixie let her eyes track Rob around the pool while she talked with his parents. As much as she liked her neighbors, that friendship wasn't going to keep her hands off their son.

*****

Pixie looked up from the rose she was trimming. Rob climbed out of the car, pulled his shirt off, and bent down to joke with his friends. He didn't see Pixie until she touched his back and said, "You look overheated." She laughed at the other boys in the car and added, "You all look overheated!"

"Pixie!" Rob said and spun around. "We got into a pickup game at the park, but it's too damned hot. We couldn't play very long." His eyes wandered while he talked. Pixie legs showed smooth and tan below her shorts, her neckline gaped open, and she had a scarf tied over her hair. The Wagner's party was the first time Rob really noticed her. Now he took every chance to check her out.

"You need to cool down," Pixie said. She took the shirt out of Rob's hand and wiped at the sweat that gleamed on his chest. "You know, my pool's ready if you want to use it," she said. 

Pixie's touch sent a thrill through Rob. He shook it off and said, "That sounds good" and his friends agreed. He turned back to Pixie and told her, "I'll stop and see Mom first, and we'll get towels."

"I'll be out back," Pixie said, "so just come in when you're ready."

Rob was distracted when he knocked at the front door and pushed his way into Pixie's big house. Tammy Wagner was all that Wayne could talk about. "Don't you think she's hot?" he asked. "Do you think she would put out right away?"

The house seemed different to Rob. He hadn't been there since right after the old man died, so he looked around and tried to remember how to get to the pool. "I don't know, man," he told Wayne. "She's still in high school. She'll be a senior, but she's still in high school. And she has a boyfriend."

Ben hit the water first, then Rob shut out Wayne's questions and jumped in. The water that closed over his head was a cool shock to his body, and then he felt two concussions as Wayne and then Joe followed him.

Rob didn't notice Pixie until he came up for air and brushed the hair and water out of his eyes. She wore a blue, one-piece swimsuit and sat on a patio lounge with her legs stretched out in front of her. She seemed adsorbed in her reading.

Rob splashed around the pool with his friends, playing a sort of improvised water polo while Pixie, with her head down so she seemed to be reading, watched every drop fly. They climbed out of the pool when the ball got stuck behind a planter and stretched out on mats in the sun to dry.

The conversation turned to tacos, so Ben, Wayne and Joe started pulling themselves together. Rob rose on his elbows to look at Pixie and told them, "I'm good. You go. Call me if you're doing something tonight."

Pixie walked the boys to her front door and talked all the way. Rob wanted her to do something, but he wasn't sure what it was until she stopped him with a hand on his arm. "Stay a while," she said. "There's food here and we haven't had much chance to talk." That was it. That was what he wanted.

A flush of anticipation tingled through Pixie while she pulled Rob back to the patio. She picked up a bottle of sun tan lotion from beside her lounge and stretched out on a mat beside Rob. His eye's landed where Pixie's nipples thrust out against her swimsuit, then traveled down her tight body.

"You're going to burn like an ant under a magnifying glass," Pixie said. "Turn over." She nudged him onto his belly, and he flinched when she squeezed the cool lotion onto his back. She worked slowly, spread lotion smoothly over his back, and massaged his muscles.

Rob turned his head to watch Pixie and was glad to be belly down. Her touch raised a bulge in his shorts. That shouldn't happen, right? She was so much older than he was.

"How do you do it?" Rob asked. "I mean, how do you look so good?"

Pixie rose to her knees and squeezed the lotion out on the back of Rob's thighs. "Did you know I was a cheerleader?" she asked. "In high school and at the U." Rob didn't know. "I learned then that it was a lot easier to stay in shape than it was to get in shape." Rob twisted around to look at Pixie. She gestured down her body and said, "I've always tried to keep it instead of getting it back."

"You have a nice, muscular butt," Pixie said, and slapped Rob's ass. He turned over and sat up, and as an afterthought he tried to hide his obvious bulge. He didn't get it done before Pixie noticed, and Rob blushed when she pushed his hand aside.

Pixie laughed. This was easier than she thought it would be. "Rob! Don't be embarrassed," she said. "If things work out this afternoon like I want them to, then we're going to need that."

Rob's bulge grew to a full scale hard-on when he realized what Pixie meant. Disbelief was written on his face when he asked, "You want me to do you?"

Pixie handed him the lotion bottle and said, "I want you to do my back first." She stretched out with her arms under her chin while he warmed lotion in his hands. "We'll work out the rest later."

Her swimsuit was backless, so there was an expanse of bare skin available to Rob. He smoothed the lotion over Pixie's back and she let out a sigh. He slipped his fingers under the shoulder's of her suit and lifted it up. "You don't have tan lines," he said.

Rob was enthralled, and Pixie waited to see what he would do. He ran his fingers under the fabric along her sides then pulled it up to look at the top of her round butt. "You don't have tan lines anywhere."

"I have security walls here for a reason," Pixie said, and motioned to the high wall around the pool. "I don't want tan lines showing around my clothes, so I'm usually bare when I tan."

Rob leaned over Pixie while he rubbed the lotion on her arms, and he inhaled the scent from her hair. He moved on to her legs, and found her body pliant and relaxed. His fingers traveled up her thighs and his thumbs slipped under the edge of the suit where it was drawn tight over her butt cheeks.

Pixie turned over and sat up. She slipped the swimsuit off her shoulders, and laid back again with her arms over her head. "Now do the front," she said. "You're just dying to, aren't you?"

Rob's thought process hadn't even gone there yet. He had nothing to say. He stared open-mouthed at Pixie's boobs, then grinned and said, "Damn."

Rob pulled Pixie's swimsuit down to expose her body all the way to the spread of her hips. He warmed lotion between his palms and rubbed it over her tight belly and up her sides. He cupped both of her breasts in his hands, and pinched her nipples.

Pixie pushed his hands away then squeezed her boobs together so her hardened nipples jutted straight up to Rob. "Suck me," she said.

Saliva dripped from Rob's lips even before he laid down with Pixie and took a tit in his mouth. The sudden thrill he sent through her made Pixie arch her back and push herself against him. She wrapped her arms around Rob's head and kissed his ears and his hair while he sucked her. Her breath came fast and shallow, and he could hardly breathe at all.

Rob freed one hand and shoved it into Pixie's swimsuit. He first pushed it down, then he pulled it off from her and touched her soft, bare pussy. He swirled his fingers between Pixie's legs and pushed them between her wet pussy lips before she stopped him.

Pixie pushed away from Rob, rose on her knees and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. Rob fell back with his throbbing cock poking out under the waistband of his shorts. "I like eager," Pixie said. "But I think I need to calm you down a little."

She tugged at Rob's shorts, unsnapped them, and unzipped them. His cock bounced free when she pulled his shorts down around his thighs.

"Nice," Pixie said, and ran her fingers along Rob's shaft. "I like your cock." It was veined, thick and straight, and a drop of pre-cum clung to its smooth head. Pixie lubricated her hand with the suntan lotion, laid down beside Rob, and pumped him.

Rob bucked and twisted, then turned his head and gasped for breath. "This is supposed to calm me down?" he asked.

Pixie laughed in his ear and then bit it. "Come for me now, then later you'll be able to fuck me longer," she promised.

Rob agreed, though maybe he didn't plan to. He tipped his head back and groaned, and Pixie squealed in delight when his juice sprayed across his bare belly. She pumped his cock until he was dry, and kept slowly pumping him even after his body relaxed.

Pixie sat up and pulled Rob's shorts down his legs and off. She watched her new lover's muscular young body and smiled when she thought of the energy he would bring to bed—if she even got him that far. Maybe she'd have him on the kitchen table, or the sofa, or on the stairs. The thought made her laugh.

Rob studied Pixie's naked body as she studied his, and he grinned when her laugh made her tits jiggle. He was so hot for her that he thought his cock would stay hard forever. The thought of being inside her was... was... Oh God, he had to breath.

Pixie watched Rob release his breath and gulp for air again, then she reached out to wipe up a bit of the cum on his belly. She licked him off her finger and laughed at the expression on his face. "That reminds me," she said. "I have oysters in the fridge. Do you like them raw or baked?"

"Baked," Rob said. He found the towel he brought with him and wiped his belly clean.

"Come to the kitchen then," Pixie said. "We'll get out of the sun for a while."

Rob settled into a chair and at first he watched Pixie's body while she worked, but he couldn't just wait and watch, so he joined her at the sink. Each time she shucked an oyster he took it from her, drained its salty juice, and set it in a tray.

Rob backed Pixie against the counter when they were done. He stroked the curve of her hips and asked, "How long 'till dinner?"

"An hour before I can start the sauce, then it will go pretty fast," Pixie said. She set a timer and added, "Now, let's go play." She turned to glance out the window. "The sun dropped enough. I like it by the pool more when it's not too hot." She pulled Rob by the hand and flicked on the underwater lights as they passed the switch.

Pixie laid a mat out beside the water and stretched out for Rob to see. Sunlight angled over the high wall and lit her naked body in golden light. She crooked a finger at Rob—whose cock stood rigid again—and pulled him down beside her.

He leaned on his elbow over Pixie, and she parted her lips for him. She was only a little surprised at his excited kiss. He pressed her down on the mat with his tongue in her mouth; his breath burned hot on her cheek. She lifted her leg around his waist and he thrust a strong hand between them to explore the soft—and suddenly wet—folds between her legs.

It was all going too fast for Rob.

He took his fingers from Pixie's slit and tasted her musky juice. He was so overwhelmed by his urge to fuck her that he couldn't put two thoughts together about how to do it.

Maybe if he'd stopped then and caught his breath it would be different. First he found that with their mouths together his cock wouldn't reach to her pussy. Then, with his cock in hand, he fumbled about and couldn't find her slit. Pixie did what she could to help, and maybe that confused him more.

Rob gave a frustrated growl and pushed up to kneel beside Pixie. His muscles were knotted with excited tension and anxiety etched his young face. He looked around, then rolled into the water.

"What the hell?" Pixie asked of no-one in particular. She sat up on the edge of the pool with her legs in the water and wondered if she needed to go after Rob. She stopped worrying when he popped out of the water and pushed his wet hair out of his eyes. "Are you okay?" she asked.

"I will be," Rob said. He reached Pixie in two short strokes then put his arms up over the side next to her and rested his cheek on his forearm. "Sorry about that. I got so excited that I just lost it."

Pixie leaned down and kissed his head. "Don't be sorry. I like 'eager.' I like 'excited.' I'm a little less interested in 'out of control,' but that can be fun, too." She looked around then tugged on Rob's arm. "Climb out," she said, "I'll make it easy for you."

Rob pushed himself up and climbed out of the pool, and Pixie waited while water streamed off his body. She toweled his hair then dried his chest and his back. Rob was hard again by the time Pixie finished drying his butt. She wrapped her hand around his hard-on, grinned up at him, and tugged on him to make him follow her while she backed up.

Pixie let Rob go beside the lounge and climbed on. She leaned on its back rest with her knees apart, pushed her pussy back toward him, and smiled over her shoulder. Her pussy lips gleamed wet in the late afternoon sunlight and parted around Rob's target.

Rob struggled to control himself while he climbed on behind Pixie with his cock in hand. He held his breath without knowing why, and he rubbed the head of his cock up and down her wet lips. His cock was glistening with Pixie's juice then he looked up and pushed into her.

It wasn't the most comfortable penetration Pixie ever felt, but it was exciting. She threw her head back and gasped. Rob took her in one, long thrust that didn't stop until he squeezed against her butt. She collapsed onto her elbows, and Rob's bellow finally released the breath he held.

It was Rob's turn to ask, "Are you okay?" and Pixie nodded her answer. Rob pushed up with one hand on the back of the lounge and his other arm around Pixie's waist. His breath trembled while he backed his cock out, then he shoved into her again. He held her against him and their bodies slapped together in an accelerating rhythm.

Tension built in Rob's body and he breathed only in gasps and grunts. Pixie was tight and wet around the sensitive head of his cock and her juices seeped around his balls. He crushed Mrs. Tyler down onto the lounge, his cum shot along the length of his aching shaft, and he erupted deep inside her.

Rob laid on Pixie's back while they both caught their breath, and he sank into euphoria. Pixie recovered first. She rasped "Oh my God." She turned her head and kissed Rob's cheek. "Can you do that again?"

"Tonight?" Rob asked.

Pixie's laughter was like music. "All night," she said.

Rob pushed himself up and sat down on the side of the lounge. "I should call Mom and tell her I won't be home."

Pixie sat up beside Rob. "What are you going to tell her? 'Can't come home, Mom. I'm fucking the neighbor.'?"

Rob shrugged and said, "I'll call Wayne and set up some story before I talk to Mom."

Pixie squeezed close to Rob and held his arm. "Unless something goes really wrong tonight," she said, "I'll want you to come back for more. Find a story that you can use more than once. I think it usually works best to tell some version of the truth. Even if it seems awkward at first, it isn't as awkward as making up new stories all the time and eventually getting caught in a lie."

The kitchen timer went off and Pixie left Rob on the lounge to call his mom while she finished the oysters. She overheard him on the patio while she worked. "Mom, I won't be home tonight." There was a pause, then "No, I'm fine don't worry." There was a longer pause and an annoyed tone to Rob's voice. "Don't ask too many questions, Mom. I'm hooking up. I know you'd like her, but don't ask too many questions."

Pixie carried the tray of baked oysters out to Rob on the patio. He laughed and laid his phone down. "What did she have to say to that?" Pixie asked.

"Not much," Rob said. "She was quiet for a long time then said, 'Be sure you use protection,' and hung up."

Pixie laughed, and a half hour later Rob stood by the lounge and fed her the last of the oysters. He set the tray aside, knelt in front of Pixie, and had her tits for dessert.

Pixie's nipples were hard and Rob's cock was throbbing when she pulled her nipple from his mouth with a pop. "You feed me dessert now," Pixie said. Rob looked confused so she added, "I want your cock in my mouth." She didn't have to say that twice. 

Rob stood between Pixie's knees and watched her close her lips around him. She wrapped his cock in her hand and grabbed his butt with the other to hold him. Pixie had to catch her breath. Rob's young cock grew even harder and thicker while she kissed its head and slipped her tongue around it.

Pixie got Rob too excited to stay still. He had to fuck her mouth. He started slowly, but he had no control. He put one hand on Pixie's head and pushed his cock over her tongue to the back of her throat. Pixie sputtered, but he did it again. He tried not to gag her, but he couldn't stop until he groaned out loud and unloaded down her throat.

"Oh God!" Pixie said. She pushed him away, coughed, and spit. She looked up at Rob, and her anger was obvious even in the pool-side light. She stood without another word, brushed past him and dove into the pool.

Rob watched Pixie's naked body silhouetted by the underwater lights as she slipped under the surface to the shallow end of the pool—as far as she could get from him. He dove in and caught her from behind against the side. He wrapped her in his arms and kissed her shoulders and her neck.
