 Today, Beth found herself walking to that old church her mother used to take her to many years ago. After such a lustful previous day, Beth was beginning to feel the effects of social and religious guilt. She did not attend church as often as god might like - and certainly not as often as her mother had when she was living.

The old church was situated in a rather seedy neighbourhood, close to where they had lived when she was a child. Its once white walls were now greyed with age and pollution; as was the neighbourhood. 

Beth pulled open the large double doors and entered the church. She sat for some time on the cold hard benches and prayed to her mother for forgiveness over her lustful ways. “Please mother, do not let me be a nymphomaniac. I could not stand the displeasure it would give you… even though I feel so much pleasure in the act.”

As Beth stood to leave, she saw the priest enter a small brown wooden box that was the confessional. He was quite a tall man, and she guessed he could be rather strong under all those black robes. Beth followed.

“Forgive me father for I have sinned. It has been many years since my last confession.”

“Tell me child. What is it that you wish God to know, for he is always forgiving,” said the priest from behind the black curtain that separated them.

Beth sighed and began to explain in as subtle way as she could.

“I have felt a heat in my body like that of an animal, and I’ve been acting on it many times.”

The priest seemed to murmured for her to continue. 

“I have felt such lust, such passion, like an all engrossing flame that boils inside me wanting all, taking more than I can control.”

The black curtain began to shuffle a little. “Please, explain a circumstance for me in as much detail as possible.”

“Yesterday, I was on my way to a seedy encounter when I was pulled over by a policeman. I seduced him. I took him in my mouth. I let him touch my naked body. I allowed him to rub his groin between my breasts. I wanted it. I craved it. I crave it now…” Beth’s fingers slipped into her pants and rubbed her wet pussy. “Please father, you cannot comprehend the need. Right now I burn to slide behind this curtain and wrap my mouth around your manhood. I wish to fuck the living daylights out of you. I want to feel you deep inside me, screaming, panting, pleasuring each other…”

Beth was so engrossed that she did not notice the curtain shift and the priest watch her as she pulled her pants to the floor. She did not see his large cock stiffened beneath his robes.

“My dear, God knows forgiveness like no other. But you do not need it. He made you to feel these feelings. He made you please yourself and to please others with your passion and your sexuality. If you wish to use my body then do. It is your calling.”

The priest brushed back Beth’s blonde hair from her face so she could see his sincerity. Beth looked up at him, tears in eyes.

“And what of my mother? Will she forgive this behaviour?”

“Your mother will be proud that you are leading the life that God has chosen for you. Be happy with what pleases you. And take all that you can from life, including me.”

“Are you asking me to fuck you? I thought that was not allowed. But I guess…” Beth smiled.

She lifted the priest’s robes and took his large hard cock into her mouth. She felt the warmth of his body as he slid in and out of her mouth. She took his balls in her hand and rounded them in her hands. She touched his tight buttocks, and sucked harder on his large dick still pumping in and out of her mouth. She felt the pumping get stronger, and he was deepening inside her mouth. 

Then he stopped and Beth understood he was going to cum. She turned and leaned against the back wall, stripping all of her clothes from her body.

“Let me be your vessel for pleasure…” Beth said. “Do with me what you’d like. But may kindness be your guide.”

The father bent down on his knees and like he was praying began to kiss her wet cunt.

He stood, kissing her stomach, her breasts, her throat her lips… his tongue was soft on hers. She felt the immense need to have him inside her and she spread her legs wider as he slid into her.

He was a big man and she felt stretched to have him inside of her. 

“HOLY FATHER” Beth sighed louder than she hoped.

The priest looked at her. 

“You please me very much” he whispered as he began to pump his large dick in and out of her body. Beth could feel the friction of energy multiplying inside of her sensitised body. The energy seemed contagious and it spread through out her whole body. Even her eyelids felt the pleasure of his energy and like an explosion she felt him cum inside her as she herself peaked in orgasm.

“Thy kingdom cum… thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Remember that dear Beth. It is written in our most sacred hymn. It is part of your nature. Do what pleases you because it is gods will.”

Beth smiled as the priest slid from her body and dressed.

“Thank you father. You have given me much pleasure this day. I shall continue to do my best delivering Pizzas and pleasing my customers.” She winked and left the confessional box. What happens in the box stays in the box. ‘It does not have to effect my life or my moral. Just like the pizza. I’ll not emotionalise nor manipulate… Ill just please those people who want sex and pizza…’ she made an internal pledge to herself.