 Chapter 1:

It was a compromising position to say the least. Big Mama burst through the door and looking onto my and the waiter’s situation began ranting and raving:

“This is a place of business,” She screamed. “I cannot have my head waiter and my delivery girl spending all their time out here fondling each other!”

She sighed. “Girl… Pizza! Go!”

And with that she shoved a pizza into my hands and walked out of our previously secluded back alley. I knew my job and right now that meant delivering the pizzas – even though I was so horny that even my gear-stick looks attractive.

I’m driving along and keep thinking of my waiter, of his hands and his lips all over my body. My hands trail down my pants as I reach a traffic light. I think more and more about the waiter’s mouth suckling on my breasts – his tongue sliding around my nipple teasing my nipple.

I mentally feel his erection against my thigh, and I think of reaching down and sucking at his hard…

“BEEP!” I am rudely awaken from my wet dream. I drive off feeling a little embarrassed about the pile-up of cars behind me.

When I reach the destination I am surprised that the pizza is still hot, what doesn’t surprise me is that I’m even hotter. My nipples are hard and my underwear are dripping wet.

I ring the bell. A middle-aged man of good build, but it is hidden behind his dirty sleeveless t-shirt, answers the door.

“Wow.” He says, “Pizza has never been so kind to me.”

“It comes to $17.50, plus a delivery charge of $2.” I say

“Let me go and get my money. Come in and make yourself comfortable.”

I enter the room. It is littered with old beer cans. A large single couch is in the centre of the room and a TV directly opposite it. I sit down and watch the video. 

It is a scene in a roof-top restaurant that is empty, except for the manager and a guest.

“I want what isn’t on the menu.” says the actress.

“I do have one speciality.” Says the manager. “It is lucky that we are alone. I can give you today’s special.”

And with that the camera zooms into his tongue gently lacing up and down on the actress’ pussy.

I am incredibly hot now and with out realising it I have my hands in my pants as the man with the money returns to me.

“It’s never as good when you do that by yourself.” He says, making his way over to my position on the couch. He undoes my fly and helps me wriggle out of my pants.

I am still watching the porn, too caught up to look on anywhere else. He places his warm tongue on my cunt and starts lapping me up like a dog. I feel my body start rocking with his rough tongue. It dances and flicks over my clit. I feel him open me, drinking at my juices.

“Stop.” I say, “It’s changing.”

“Surely I should pay for your services.” Says the actress reaching at manager’s now bulging pants. She doesn’t bother taking the whole pants off, but rather just unzips his fly and begins to suck at the cock that she exposes.

“So,” says Mr Goodhead, smiling from ear to ear. “Do I also get the house special.”

He slides his cock into my willing mouth and I gladly suck it. As he fucks my mouth he rubs my breasts and I feel greedy to make him cum in my mouth. I think he does too, because moves his hands from my breast to the back of my head and help me pump his throbbing cock.

“Any room for dessert?” a puffed manager asks the actress.

She takes his cock from her mouth

“Oh, I always have room for dessert.” She says, standing up and leaning against a chair, pulling her skirt to her waist. She leans against the chair as the manager inserts his large dick into her from behind.

Mr Goodhead takes his cock from out of my mouth and turn around so that I am holding onto the chair with my ass sticking into the air.

“I didn’t think a night in would ever be so fun.” He says as he slides his large dick into my wet cunt. “I’m glad you’re such a good chick. I’ve always wanted to fuck to porn.” I look to the wall behind the chair and see a mirror. I can still see the porn. But, right now, I don’t need to. My own porn industry is going on right in my own pussy. 

The first strokes are smooth and long. I can feel him fill up my whole cunt with his big dick. Then the fucking starts. He jerks his power into me, wearing at my walls. A finger is placed on my clit. He flicks it as he continues to power inside me with hard, strong, fast strokes and I can do nothing but scream and moan in unison with the actress onscreen. His strokes become more vigorous and fast. Each time he furthers himself deeper into me, harder into me. Everything becomes a blur in my orgasm

“They (They)… All(All)… Cum (cum)… For (for)… Me (Me!)” Mr Goodhead and the manager say in unison as they pump their respectful guests with their juices in long hard strokes.

He cums inside me. My orgasm is so intense that my body is shaking. He keeps his cock inside me and carefully rubs my clit, kissing my back at the same time.

I think he is probably the best fuck I’ve ever had. I rest their for a moment and think of going again, but a bad reminder pops into my head: Big Mama!

I race out the door, grabbing the money and my pants on the way.

Big Mama is furious. I tell her I got lost, that I got stopped by a policeman having a bad day, that there was traffic.

She scowls handing me a huge load up of pizzas. I deliver them all as quickly as possible. Nothing interesting here as before: just the usual dad, mum and two kids scenario. At least they tip well.

I head back to Big Mama.

“Another Pizza to the same address.” She says, “don’t get lost!”

I smile at the address and grab the pizza. “There is still traffic that way.” I scream out the door and am gone before she can reply.

I race all the way - thinking of that big dick fucking me again. Only I go a little too fast and a police officer pulls me over.

He leans in the window, his eyes looking down at my breast.

“Do you have any idea how fast you were going?” He asks me

“No,” I reply honestly.

“well, it was quite a bit over the speed limit… and ah…” he stops talking cause I have taken off my top.

“Oh,” I say with mock surprise in my face, “I like it fast.”

“Excuse me ma’am, would you please put your clothes back on.”

“Are you sure you want me to?” I ask, “Only I’m so hot and horny, and my breasts are so tender…”

I can see the bulge in his pants and I lean out of my window, and undo his fly with my teeth, taking his cock in my mouth.

“I guess seeing as there is no one out here on these roads, that there is no real trouble for you to be speeding. Besides I like it fast too, but I like your breasts more.”

He bends down and adjusts the seat so that it is now horizontal to the ground. My bra is now off on I can feel him fondling my breasts with his hand. He sucks the nipple lightly, almost like he is afraid they might break. I take his dick into my hand and rub it till it’s hard.

“Have you ever been breast fucked before?” He asks. I plead my ignorance and he tells me to squeeze my breast around his dick. I do as he asks and he seems to go wild fucking my chest. Unfortunately, although he is getting a great deal of pleasure out of this, I am not. I try to touch his dick with my tongue and succeed only just. But it is great fun and I flick my tongue quickly over the tip of his dick.

He must get my point because he uses my open mouth as an opportunity to enter.

Now, I’m happy. His throbbing dick plunges in and out of my welcoming mouth. I can feel he is on the verge of cumming and so I suck harder. I suck and suck until I feel the sticky mess running down my throat. 

As I am lapping him up I hear him:

“So, you’re a pizza girl? Is this part of the service? I’m off duty tomorrow. Do you mind if I order a pizza?”

“Only if you bring the batton.” I say looking at his dick, still wet with his own cum.

I start the engine once more and head for Mr Goodhead.



stay tuned for chapter 2