 Note: This is not intended to be either a prequel or sequel to Pizza & Pussy: Daphne. They just both happen to be fantasies inspired by servers at my local pizza place.

***

I had stopped in at Parry's to pick up a couple of pizzas on my way home from work and, while I was waiting for Daphne to grab them from the back, Meghan noticed me standing there and came over. Parry's was close enough to my office that I was in there for lunch fairly often, at least often enough that I knew Daphne and Meghan.

"Hey, you must really love our pizza," she said, "Didn't I see you in here on Saturday, too? You're throwing me off, showing up when I least expect it."

"Yep," I replied, "just preparing you for when I start showing up where you least expect it."

"Ooh, like my bedroom," she said suggestively.

"Don't hold your breath," I told her, "my wife frowns on me showing up in other women's bedrooms."

"Yeah, my husband wouldn't be too cool with it, either," she replied, "especially if he was there at the time. He's so inflexible."

"You'll have to let me know your second choice for where you'd least expect me to show up," I suggested. My pizzas were ready by that point so I paid for them then Meghan walked toward the door with me.

"If you don't want to wait until next time you're in here," she said, "I can text you what I come up with as a second choice."

"All right," I replied, "but if I'm giving you my number, I'm expecting you to give this some serious thought."

"Absolutely," she said, getting out her phone and adding my number in as a contact. As I drove home with my pizzas, I wondered whether this was just an opportunity to continue goofing around and flirting or if it was going to be something more. I didn't have to wait long to get an indication since Meghan texted me before I even got home to say that she'd have something for me by the next morning. I figured that just meant she'd be thinking about it until then and would text me either something humorous or something that would lead to further suggestive and flirtatious exchanges. What she actually texted me the next morning, after I was already at work, was way beyond either.

My phone was sitting on the desk beside me, silenced since I was in the office, but I noticed it wake up when her text came in. I opened her text and it was just a photo with no message but, when I opened the photo, I was startled. It was a selfie, taken in front of the mirror, obviously immediately after she'd stepped out of the shower because she was still dripping wet. She had some incredible curves and really big boobs so my cock immediately stiffened. Fortunately, I managed to stop gawking and close the photo before any of my coworkers noticed what I was looking at. I thought about it for a moment then took my phone and headed to the men's room and into a stall. I dropped my pants then opened the photo again and zoomed in a little closer on her big tits, dripping with water, and her large areolas and hard nipples. Then I scanned down to her pussy, mostly hidden by a neatly groomed light brown bush. My cock was rigid again so I switched over the camera mode, took a shot looking down then sat on the toilet as I composed a response to her, letting her know that this was the effect of her photo.

I was looking at the photo again while slowly stroking my cock when another text came in, this another selfie but sitting before the mirror with her legs parted so I could see the folds of her pussy as well as her bush and her tits. The message she included was "this is where I want you to put that." I alternated between the two photos while stroking myself more enthusiastically and was fortunate to have the men's room to myself. When I was on the verge of cumming, I went back to camera mode and switched to video, shooting a few seconds of me pumping my cock then spewing into the toilet. I stopped the recording then nursed the last few drops of spew from my softening cock before turning to sit on the toilet again. I cleaned off my cock then sent the video over to her with the message "Now I'm spent." I slipped my phone into my pocket then got my pants and underwear back up before exiting the stall and washing my hands. I was back at my desk by the time I received another text and, when I saw that it was a video, I slipped into a focus room and closed the door.

This video did not use the mirror but was shot just before and below her pussy so I imagine the delay in sending it was probably trying to get the shot just right. She was holding her phone in one hand while stroking her clit with the fingers on her other hand. Beyond, I could see her tits and her face with an expression of pleasure upon it. Like me, it only took a minute or so before she was shaking as she began cumming. My cock was trying to stiffen again but it would take more than that hot scene to fully recover. When she'd finished cumming, she smiled down at the camera and brought her fingers from her pussy down to stop the recording. Her message with this one was "Now I am, too."

I sat there for a moment, looking back at the photos and re-watching the video, while thinking that I needed to get with her somehow and pretty sure that she was feeling likewise. We texted back and forth about it a few times as she was getting ready to head to work and when things were slow once she was at work. She let me know that, while she did have some alone time in the house once her husband was off to work and her kids were off to school, there was no way she could have me come by without one of the neighbors noticing. It was starting to look like it would have to be in her car if she left her house a little earlier. She could swing by and pick me up at the back entrance to my office then we could just go out to the far end of the parking lot. We were almost completely sold on this being our only option when I realized that there were a handful of focus rooms in the vicinity of the back entrance to my office. If she parked right there and I let her in, it wouldn't look all that suspicious if anyone noticed us. The focus rooms weren't ideal but they were better than a cramped backseat and much better than nothing at all.

By the next morning, we had it all planned out and she called me once she'd parked. I opened up the back entrance, she came in and I led her down the hall to the focus rooms. They all had one wall that was all glass, but only partially frosted for privacy. We'd be able to do what we wanted to without anyone knowing about it as long as no one peeked over or under the frosted section. We selected one of the rooms and I had her set her bag against the glass on the inside so that, from the outside, it would be obvious that someone was in there. We closed the door behind us but there was no lock and there was only a desk and chair inside.

"Is there a chance someone could still just walk in on us?" she asked.

"I suppose there's a chance," I replied, "but I don't think that it's very likely. Only one way to find out."

We slipped into each other's arms and kissed, quickly progressing to passionately making out. My hands dropped down to her ass and, as I felt her big tits between us, my cock was quickly stiffening. As much as I was enjoying caressing her ass, I had to get my hands on her big titties so I brought them up between us. Feeling the soft flesh through her t-shirt, I was pleased that her bra did not feel like something industrial to hold those big beauties up. Of course, having seen them in photos and now feeling them, I wanted to see them for real and feel them without anything covering them, so I started to raise her t-shirt up. We stopped kissing and parted a bit as she lifted her arms. The bra that she was wearing was far from industrial and I wondered if her husband might be suspicious if he saw that she'd worn it to work. I also wondered if her panties were going to match it so, after she removed my polo, instead of removing her bra, I worked on getting her jeans open.

I hunkered down in front of her as I started sliding her jeans down, revealing a pair of panties that did match her bra. I helped her step out of her jeans, making sure not to toss them over toward the glass wall, then just admired her curvy figure in just bra and panties.

"I love your curves," I told her, "You look so fucking sexy right now."

"I wish I could love my curves as much as you do," she lamented, so I stood up.

"Feel my cock," I suggested, so she reached out and caressed it through my pants, "That is all due to you and your curves."

That made her smile and she went to work getting my pants opened up then hunkered down to help me out of them as I gazed at her incredible cleavage. When she stood again, leaving me in just my underwear, I was immediately caressing her tits again before reaching behind her to unfasten her bra while she resumed caressing my rigid cock through my briefs. I think my mouth was probably hanging open as I slid her bra down her arms and her luscious tits were revealed. They were even better in three dimensions than they had been on camera and, of course, my hands were immediately on them once I'd cast her sexy bra aside. While I was caressing the soft, smooth flesh of her tits and running my palms over her hard nipples, she'd reached into my underwear and had extracted my stiff cock, gently stroking it in her hand.

"I need this inside me," she finally whispered.

"I was thinking I'd eat your pussy first," I replied, "but I can wait."

She still had her panties on so I took those down, exposing her trim, light brown bush then she took my briefs the rest of the way down while I watched her tits jiggling and bouncing. I sat on the chair and lowered it as much as possible then she straddled me and I guided my cock toward her approaching pussy. She lowered herself onto it, causing both of us to moan softly, then started moving up and down. Her pussy was incredibly hot and wet so feeling it slide up and down my rigid tool was amazing. My hands started out on her waist as she'd lowered herself onto my cock then I'd reached around to caress her bare ass while she was beginning to ride me but I was soon back to fondling her succulent tits again. We attempted a couple of times to make out as she was riding me but it proved too difficult so she just focused on the pleasure she was feeling while I focused on the titties I was feeling.

She was totally in control of the pace and gradually was riding me harder and faster while her pussy continued to feel hotter and wetter. I'm sure that she'd been pretty worked up just due to the anticipation before we'd even started getting undressed so it didn't surprise me that she seemed to be building toward an orgasm pretty quickly. This really wasn't a situation for trying to draw things out and enjoy the experience as much as it was a time to just go for the orgasm and cum quickly and quietly. Ultimately, we spent more time in there than I had initially expected but it didn't feel like we were in there too long. Her breathing rate was picking up the longer and harder she was riding me but she did manage to keep her moans in check. When she dropped down on my cock and just sat there silent for a moment, I was thinking that, if a noise was going to slip out, this would probably be the time.

It was more like a soft gasp when she started shaking as her orgasm hit. I was still fondling her tits but, when she moved up and down on my cock a few times as she was cumming, it felt as though her pussy had become even hotter and wetter. This didn't change my desire to eat her pussy, especially if she was flooded with even more nectar to lap up. I'd been feeling the stirrings of an orgasm so I knew that taking a break from fucking would give it a chance to recede a bit which would then allow me to fuck her some more. Despite this not being a situation to draw things out, I did want to experience everything possible before blowing my load. I wasn't really worried about getting caught; more about getting caught up in the moment and not being cautious. 

When she finished cumming, she remained sitting on my cock as she was recovering then I had her climb off and sit on the desk. She lay back, her incredible tits jutting toward the ceiling, and spread her legs for me while I rolled the chair into position between them. I ran my tongue along her slit, tasting the pungent juices she was producing and causing her to suck in her breath. With my cock still rigid and aching to slip back into her hot, wet pussy, I wasn't going to indulge myself eating her as I normally might. I would instead set a goal of making her cum quickly but with the highest level of pleasure and hope that some other time I'd have a better opportunity to enjoy her pussy for longer while eating her to multiple orgasms. I slurped up her copious juices for a bit before slipping a finger into her then following it with a second. She moaned softly as I pumped my fingers in and out while licking and sucking her clit. My primary goal, of course, was to provide her with an intensely pleasurable orgasm but I was also savoring the opportunity to eat her pussy for my own benefit. I still couldn't believe not only that I had her naked, had fucked her and was eating her pussy, but that it was also all happening at my place of employment.

The longer I was eating her pussy, the more she was writhing and the heavier she was breathing. Her pussy was becoming even hotter and wetter, as well, so I was really looking forward to slipping my cock back into her. Since my technique seemed to be working just fine, I didn't alter it and she continued to build steadily toward an orgasm. She started to tense up a bit, gasping softly rather than breathing heavily, just before she started cumming. A soft moan escaped as she went limp and started to shake but it wouldn't have been loud enough to be heard beyond the focus room even if somebody had been right outside. I continued to devour her through her orgasm, which appeared to be just as long and intensely pleasurable as I'd hoped, then raised my head once I was sure she'd finished cumming.

As she was catching her breath, I stood and guided my rigid tool back into her hot, wet pussy, causing her to moan softly again. I hooked her legs over my arms and started to slide in and out of her again as she reached down to caress her clit while I was fucking her. Her pussy felt outstanding so I was quite happy to have my cock inside her again. I was watching her tits bouncing as I repeatedly pushed into her and was thinking that her pussy might actually feel too good for me to slip out of her to fuck her tits. Of course, the way things had been going so far, I suspected I'd have another opportunity when I could fuck those big beauties and hopefully eat her pussy for longer.

I wasn't sure if I would be able to get her to cum again but she was obviously trying to help herself along. I could feel my own orgasm beginning to build and, as her pussy was unbelievably becoming even hotter and wetter, I knew I wouldn't be able to last much longer regardless of how much I wanted to continue fucking her. She surprised me when she suddenly gasped and I could feel her trembling as she came again. I continued fucking her while enjoying an increased flow of lubrication in her pussy. I figured I'd just be a moment behind her but she ended up stopping me before I got all the way there.

"I want you to finish in my mouth," she said, starting to sit up. I backed up and my cock slipped out of her then she hopped down off the desk. She had me lean back against it and took the chair in front of me. She gripped the base of my cock and wrapped her lips around it, engulfing nearly my full length and causing me to moan softly. As I watched her, she bobbed her head up and down, sliding her hot mouth up and down my cock as my orgasm resumed building. The pleasure as a result of her cocksucking was on the same level of intensity as it had been while fucking her. I knew I was going to be more than happy blowing my load down her throat rather than into her hot pussy. Of course, just as looking down over her voluptuous body as I'd been fucking her had heightened the level of arousal, watching this face that I'd chatted with so many times at Parry's engulfing my throbbing cock just brought me even closer to cumming. Just when I thought I couldn't feel any more pleasure, though, she paused and, after slipping my cock out of her mouth, straightened up a little and squeezed my cock between her sumptuous tits.

As she slid them up and down alongside my cock, I said something along the lines of "oh my God" because the feeling was absolutely incredible. My cock grew even harder as the soft, smooth flesh caressed the length of my shaft. I felt my orgasm continuing to build and the level of pleasure I was experiencing just increased. At that point, I was expecting to blow my load all over her cleavage and was looking forward to it. Just before I started to cum, however, she released her tits and engulfed my cock in her mouth again. As she went back to sucking me off, I reached the point of no return and began to spew into her mouth. She swallowed down my load and continued to suck me off, only stopping once I was fully spent. She let my cock fall from her mouth and straightened up in the chair.

"Holy crap, that was amazing," I gushed, making her smile. I still couldn't take my eyes off of her naked body, even though I was fully sexually satisfied.

"This worked out well," she said, "but I assume we probably can't do it every day."

"I'm not here every day at this time, anyway," I said, "but I bet we can manage at least a couple of times a week and there are a lot of different parts of the office where we can find empty focus rooms, too."

"Oh, good," she replied, "because it has been a long time since I felt so wanted and so sexually satisfied at the same time."

We slipped into each other's arms, our naked bodies rubbing together, and briefly made out before deciding we should probably get dressed. She promised to send me photos when we couldn't get together and I promised to document the effects of those photos for her. Once we were presentable, I did a quick reconnaissance of the hallway and, finding it clear, we exited the focus room and I escorted her back to her car, where we maintained an innocent appearance.