 Note: This is not intended to be either a prequel or sequel to Pizza & Pussy: Meghan. They just both happen to be fantasies inspired by servers at my local pizza place.

***

I had stopped in at Parry's to pick up a couple of pizzas on my way home from work but they weren't quite ready yet so Daphne poured me a beer while I was waiting. Parry's was close enough to my office that I was in there for lunch fairly often, at least often enough that Daphne and I knew each other. We started talking about beer because they've got a really good tap list, I'm a beer snob and Daphne always knew what was available and what was good. We had a good rapport and, had I been younger and single, I'd definitely have been interested in pursuing more than a discussion about beer with her. She was in her 20s, cute and curvy with big boobs. I figured she probably had guys lining up for an opportunity to take her out. Little did I know.

"I wish I could meet a guy who I could talk beer with like I do with you," she lamented.

"Unfortunately, my wife doesn't let me date," I replied, "but there are a lot of guys out there like me. You might just have to look a little harder because typically we're nearly invisible to the fairer sex. I can't imagine you'd have any problem finding a guy."

"Girls with curves are pretty invisible to guys, too," she said.

"Seriously? Man, I would love to get my hands on your curves," I blurted, without thinking.

"I wouldn't mind that," she said, blushing.

"Well, maybe we can work something out," I suggested, "I work nearby five days a week. What time do you come in to work?"

My pizzas were done so, before she could answer the question, I had to finish my beer and get them paid for but we quickly exchanged contact information so we could brainstorm some ideas for getting together. I asked that she not text at night which wasn't a problem since she was working anyway but, the next morning, she texted me when she was getting up. Of course, I was already at work, so I was envious and the following exchange occurred:

Me: Are you still in bed?

D: I am but I've been awake for a while.

Me: Wish I was still in bed.

D: I wish you were here in my bed.

Me: That could probably be arranged. Do you live alone?

D: I have roommates but they should all be gone to work by now.

Me: I'm serious. I could come over.

D: I wish I knew that an hour ago. If you come over now, I'll be late for work.

Me: What time are your roommates usually gone? I'll come over tomorrow.

D: I think they're all gone by about 7:30. Won't you get fired?

Me: No. Our work hours aren't rigid. No one will bat an eye if anyone even notices.

D: I would love it if you came over tomorrow but what am I going to do about today? You've got me all fired up just thinking about it.

Me: You could take care of yourself as long as you shoot me some video or you can allow some extra time when you head to work to pick me up and let me take care of you. How big is your backseat?

D: Big enough, I imagine.

I told her where I worked and where she should pick me up and she let me know when she'd be there then we covered the next morning. I would just drive straight to her apartment complex instead of to the office and wait for her to let me know that her roommates were all gone then I'd come up to see her. She had to go and start getting ready for work if she was going to have time to stop and see me so I let her go though I did ask her to take some photos as she was getting ready. She promised she would but wouldn't promise that she'd have time to send them right away which I was fine with as long as I got them. I didn't expect to be able to get her naked in the back of her car but I still wanted to see her naked, even if I would have the opportunity the following morning.

I was waiting when she pulled up near the back door to my office building so I hopped into her car and directed her to the far end of the parking lot where no one was likely to even notice us. She parked then we shared a quick but passionate kiss before relocating from the front seat to the backseat, which would certainly be big enough for our needs. She was wearing jeans, a t-shirt and a hoodie, which was what she typically wore for work and I had every intention of getting those jeans off as well as getting my hands up under her shirts. We started with kissing, though, and quickly progressed to making out as I cupped one of her tits through her t-shirt after unzipping her hoodie just enough. Her hand dropped to my stiff cock and massaged it through my jeans.

"Not to rush things too much," she finally said, "but, since my time is limited..."

She didn't need to say any more so I went to work opening her jeans. She leaned against the door to make it easier for me and I was soon sliding them down. I left her panties in place so I could slide them down separately and was pleased to find a very colorful pair of bikini panties. I lightly massaged the front of them for a moment, making her moan, then grasped the elastic on her hips and started to slide them down. I was even more pleased to see that her pussy was completely smooth because I knew that meant I'd be eating it and I loved eating pussy. I lowered my head before she could even react and ran my tongue along her smooth slit, tasting the pungent juices that were nearly overflowing. She moaned but didn't try to stop me so I figured I'd try to give her a quick orgasm like this then we could fuck.

I slurped up her juices for a moment before slipping a finger into her and focusing my tongue on her clit. This had her moaning even louder and she was soon rocking her hips toward my face. My finger was sliding easily in and out of her, though she was pretty snug, so I knew slipping my cock into her was going to feel amazing. At the moment, my cock was threatening to burst from my pants so all I needed to do was make her cum and I'd be ready to slip it into her. I didn't like the idea of rushing, especially with a pussy I'd never eaten before, but it was pretty certain that I'd have more time the next morning so I put my efforts into not only making her cum quickly but assuring that her orgasm would be highly pleasurable. She was obviously incredibly fired up so providing her with some quick relief to take the edge off definitely wouldn't be a bad thing. It didn't take too long before she was starting to tense up and arch her back while her pussy was feeling even hotter and wetter than it already had. I continued to slide my finger in and out while licking and sucking her clit then suddenly she cried out and went limp, shaking as she started cumming. Of course I still kept up what I was doing while she was cumming, hoping to draw out the pleasure she was experiencing, only raising my head once I was absolutely certain that she had finished.

"I was totally not expecting you to do that," she finally said, "but I'm glad you did because it was fucking amazing."

"That was just a small sample," I replied, "I intend to give you the full experience tomorrow morning."

"I can't wait," she said, "but I still want to ride your cock this morning before I go to work."

I was going to get my pants open but she wanted to do it, instead, so I just sat there and watched as she got them open, briefly massaged my stiff cock through my briefs, then got both my pants and briefs down far enough that my cock was standing straight up. After pumping it a couple of times, she straddled me and guided my cock toward her pussy. As she lowered herself onto it, I couldn't believe how incredible her pussy felt; she was so snug and so slippery that I couldn't help but moan, though she did as well. My hands were on her waist as she positioned herself and started to slowly move up and down but I moved them around to caress her ass once she had a rhythm going. She brought her lips to mine and our tongues were quickly in each other's mouths while she slowly rode my cock. I ended up sliding my hands up under her shirt, first caressing her tits through her bra, which felt kind of lacy so I wished I could see it, then unfastening it. I slipped my hands up under the slack cups and I think my cock may have actually gotten harder as I caressed the soft, smooth flesh of her tits.

She gradually began to ride me harder so we quit making out though I continued to fondle her tits up under her shirts. It was obvious that she was getting close to cumming again based on the sounds she was making and the expression on her face. I was happy that she'd be having a second orgasm although I'm sure it was more due to her being so worked up than due to anything specific that I was doing this time. She dropped down onto my cock and sat there quietly for a moment before sort of gasping as her body started to shake. It appeared to be another highly pleasurable one and pretty long, as well. Once she'd finished cumming, she just sat there on my cock for a moment as she was catching her breath and recovering. I'd been feeling my own orgasm building but I knew that this brief break would allow me to last longer and enjoy her hot pussy for even longer. I didn't think we'd be able to manage another position in her backseat but I had no issue with continuing to fondle her tits as she resumed riding my cock. She had other plans, though.

Once fully recovered, she smiled and gave me a quick kiss then climbed off of my cock and knelt on the seat beside me, reaching for my cock. I realized what her intention was so I shifted toward the door to give her more room to work then she lowered her head and engulfed my cock in her mouth. I moaned as she began sliding her lips up and down my shaft while gently pumping the base. She left nothing to be desired when it came to cocksucking so my orgasm began building again as I relished the pleasure I was feeling. I should have had her remove her shirts so that I could have resumed fondling at least one of her tits but I couldn't bear to stop her just for that. Her ass was up in the air but there was no one around who could have seen it aside from me. Mainly I was just focused on relaxing and enjoying the building pleasure that resulted from her oral talents.

I was glad that it was daytime so that I could watch her as she repeatedly inhaled my cock. In all the time I'd been going to Parry's and she'd been pouring me beers, I'd never pictured her sucking cock, much less sucking my cock, and it was an incredibly arousing visual. I was psyched that she was so into it and that it was going so well that the next morning was likely to be even better. The longer she sucked me, the more pleasure I was feeling and the closer I was getting to cumming. I wasn't doing anything to try and hold out longer and I don't believe she was trying to draw it out longer, either, though it also didn't feel as though she was rushing. As I got closer to cumming, my cock was swelling even more but it had no impact on her cocksucking. Even when I started spewing into her mouth, she continued to suck me off while swallowing my load. She only let my cock fall from her mouth once I was completely spent.

"That was outstanding," I said as she straightened up.

"That was just a small sample," she replied, with a big smile.

"We better get started as early as possible tomorrow, then," I said and, as we started pulling our clothes back on, we figured out what time I should be at her apartment complex and where I should park while waiting for confirmation that the coast was clear. Once we were both fully dressed again, we stepped out of her backseat then gave each other a complete once-over before getting into the front seat. She dropped me off at the back entrance then headed to work while I went inside and tried to focus on my own work while thinking about what had just happened. After the lunch rush at Parry's, she sent me the photos she'd taken that morning, which showed her fully naked, in just her bikini panties and in both bra and panties, reflected in a mirror. I was stiff again immediately and reviewed the photos multiple times that afternoon and evening.

The next morning, I left home at the usual time but, instead of heading to work, I went directly to Daphne's apartment complex and found the area where she'd suggested I wait to hear from her. I didn't bother reviewing the photos again because I was already pretty fired up. It wasn't long anyway before I got the all clear and headed up to her apartment. She was waiting for me, wearing a robe and presumably naked underneath it, which I confirmed when we slipped into each other's arms and briefly made out just inside the door. She then led me to her bedroom and locked us in, just in case somebody returned home unexpectedly. At the foot of her bed, I fondled her tits through her robe, feeling her hard nipples, then opened it and pushed it off her shoulders so that it slid off. After taking a moment to admire her fully naked since I hadn't been able to in person the previous morning, I fondled her bare tits then had her climb onto her bed and recline with her legs spread.

I kicked off my shoes then crawled up onto her bed, otherwise still fully dressed. I kissed my way along her inner thighs toward her smooth pussy then ran my tongue along her slit, which was overflowing with her juices. She moaned as I slurped them up before slipping a finger into her, finding her pussy as snug and slippery as it had been the previous morning. With more room to sprawl out in her bed, I was sure that we were both more comfortable and more relaxed. I was happy to be able to look up from eating her pussy to see her big titties pointing toward the ceiling which got me thinking about laying my cock between them. When she reached down to hold my head as she humped her pussy toward my face, her tits were squeezed between her arms, which just made the idea of fucking her cleavage even more enticing.

I'd said the previous morning that I was going to give her the full pussy eating experience this morning but, with my cock as hard as it was and her tits looking so inviting, that was going to end up being more of providing her with one highly pleasurable orgasm rather than camping between her legs and eating her to several. It would still be different from the previous morning as I did everything I knew how to draw out the pleasure without making it feel like I was denying her an orgasm while building the pleasure to an even higher level. Unless something dramatically changed, I anticipated sometime in the future that I'd have another opportunity to camp out between her legs and eat her to multiple orgasms but I was just too fired up and excited to try a little of everything on that particular morning. Based on the noises she was making indicating that she was already experiencing some intense pleasure, I expected that she wouldn't be disappointed by this minor change of plan.

Her pussy was becoming even wetter and more engorged the longer I was eating her and her moaning was getting louder and longer. I continued to savor the opportunity to eat her while driving her closer to what I hoped would be a monumental orgasm. Once she started tensing up while tightly gripping my head, I knew she was just about there but didn't do anything different to get her the rest of the way. She suddenly went silent, apparently holding her breath momentarily, then cried out as she went limp and her entire body started shaking. Her pussy was flooded with even more juices so I slipped my finger out of her and resumed lapping at her slit, slurping them up. As I'd hoped, her orgasm was long and appeared to be highly pleasurable so both my primary and secondary goals had been achieved.

When she went still and quiet, I raised my head and looked up along her body, beyond her heaving chest lifting her big titties, to her face. Her eyes were closed but she had a big smile which I was definitely happy to have helped put there. I straightened up, still fully dressed and, as I gazed down over her naked curves, I pulled my shirt up over my head. She opened her eyes and was gazing at me as I tossed it aside then started opening my pants. Her attention was on my lower torso as I opened my pants and pushed them down along with my underwear, my rigid tool springing out. I flopped onto my back beside her as I continued to push them farther down but she got up on her knees and got them the rest of the way off so that I was as naked as she was. I was watching her tits swinging and bouncing while her attention was on my throbbing cock, pointing at the ceiling.

With my pants and underwear cast aside, she moved up and straddled me, her naked body looming over me. I guided my cock toward her smooth pussy as she lowered herself onto it. We both moaned as her snug, slippery pussy engulfed my cock and she just sat there for a moment with it fully embedded inside her. I reached up to fondle her bare tits, caressing the soft, smooth flesh and running my palms over her hard nipples even as she got moving. She started out slowly, rising and lowering on my stiff cock as I savored the feel of her snug, slippery pussy sliding up and down my shaft. Although my hands remained on her tits, my gaze moved down from her tits to her smooth pussy then up to her face to watch her expression as it alternated between happy, passionate and determined.

It didn't take too long before she was picking up the pace and riding me harder. As her tits began bouncing, I moved my hands around to caress her ass while watching them. I would also push up into her each time she dropped down, giving her as much penetration I could. Her bed remained quiet, not that there was anyone around to hear it if it had started squeaking, but she was getting louder as she was quickly approaching another orgasm. I liked that she seemed to have no difficulty cumming and, although it may have been due to anticipation or the excitement of a new partner or just being in tune with her body, I definitely didn't feel like it was due to anything special that I was doing. Mostly what I was doing was enjoying the feel of her pussy sliding up and down my tool, the feel of her ass in my hands and the visual of her bouncing tits. I had a good feeling that this would not be my only opportunity to enjoy these things but that didn't mean I was going to take them for granted.

We had a really good rhythm going and I wouldn't have minded spending the rest of the day like this but, when she dropped down onto my cock and just remained there, I knew it was because she was about to cum and that was just fine, too. She sat there quietly for just a moment before letting out a cry as her entire body started shaking. Since they were no longer bouncing, I brought my hands around from her ass to fondle her luscious tits some more. I'd been just starting to feel the stirrings of my own orgasm but, as she sat there riding out hers, mine backed off enough that I knew I'd be good for a while longer, in either this position or another. When she finished cumming, she opened her eyes then leaned down to kiss me. We made out as I resumed sliding my cock in and out of her now hotter and wetter pussy before I rolled her over so that I was on top. I continued to fuck her and we continued to make out as I supported myself over her on my forearms.

She was rocking her hips to accept my full length each time I slipped into her so we were quickly back in rhythm again. I couldn't admire her body or fondle her tits in this position so I was very focused on the pleasurable feeling of sliding my cock in and out of her. It was nice feeling her body below me, her bare skin against mine and her tits between us as we were fucking, especially compared to the backseat of her car. My orgasm was gradually beginning to build up again but I was keeping a slow and steady pace so that I could enjoy it for longer. I wasn't necessarily expecting her to cum again but, since she'd cum twice already, I didn't expect that she'd hold it against me if she didn't. Her pussy was continuing to feel even hotter and wetter the longer I was fucking her but it was still a bit of a surprise when she pulled her mouth from mine and gasped as her body started shaking. Of course I continued to fuck her as she was cumming, definitely appreciating the increased flow of lubrication to her already slippery pussy as a result of her orgasm.
