 'It's odd' I thought, 'Melody should have been here by now. She must have stopped for something on the way home.' 

She was staying for the weekend. We live in different towns, 30 miles apart, so we don't get to spend many evenings together. So, we talk on the phone every day and chat online constantly. We take turns having each other over for the weekend. This weekend was my turn and I wanted to make it perfect.

I headed upstairs to change clothes. I hate wearing suits, but when meeting with important clients for the first time the boss demands I dress appropriately. Funny, it seems every time I show up in a suit, the client is in khakis, a golf shirt and penny loafers. Since when do computer programmers wear suits, anyway? However, the boss is an old fashioned guy and likes to make impressions. So I humor him.

I heard the door close downstairs and I knew she was finally home. Then I heard her feet on the stairs. I waited, expecting her to walk through the bedroom door. Instead I heard the bathroom door, then the water running in the tub. I changed into my old ragged sweats, and padded quietly down the hall.

Segovia was playing Paganini's Romanzo quietly from a small stereo on a shelf above the tub. From down the hall I could hear it, and I knew, it had been a long, trying day and she just wanted to relax. Perhaps I could help her chase away the dark clouds.  

I returned to the bedroom to make a few preparations, and then I quietly ambled downstairs to the wine rack. 

Lambrusco?... No, too heady... Zinfandel?... Too fruity. Bordeaux?... Eh... Maybe... Chianti?... Hmmm... Chianti... Bartali '98, Chianti Classicco. 

I took two glasses from the rack and the corkscrew and made my way, back upstairs, being careful not to clink the glasses and spoil the surprise. I wondered if the wicker wrap on the bottle would look as quaint on the bathroom floor as it did on a candle lit dinner table.

She was sitting in a tub of hot water, engulfed to her chin in bubbles, her short auburn hair just reaching down to them. A few small candles were lit around the room. Now I'm glad I let her take over most of the bathroom. She had stocked it with all the things that make a woman feel good about herself. I just chuckled and ignored it the rest of the time, but this night I'm glad she has it.

Her head was leaned back, eyes closed. Taking a seat on the rug I put the glasses down and twisted in the corkscrew. She was still unaware of my presence. Bracing the bottle between my legs, I pushed the levers down. [i] Ssqueeaak THWOOOMP![/i] I winced. She was not startled, but slowly turned her head my way as I poured the wine. I offered her the glass, she accepted and took a sip, then another, then a long one.

"Mmmmm... Perfect." Her voice was calm and quiet, but I could hear the stress there as well.

"Can I... Scrub your back?... your front?... top?...bottom?"

"Yes... Yes... Maybe, if you are a good boy... Yes."

"Drink, relax."

Kneeling behind Her, I took a sponge from the side of the tub and soaked it. Squeezing the water out just under her chin. Gently I guided the sponge across her shoulders, and down each arm, around and over her breasts and down her smooth tummy, being careful to cover every inch with gentle scrubs and light caresses. 

I moved to the other end of the tub. 'It was a good idea.' I thought to myself, 'That old French bathtub had charm when I bought it. Now it would allow me to move around easier.

Washing each leg from the toes up, being careful not to reach too high. Not yet.

"Roll over." I said quietly. She complied wordlessly.

Again, I started at the toes, working my way up to her exquisite rump. "Want to talk about your day?" I asked.

"No."

"That bad, eh? Say no more." I caressed her cheek, "You are still alive and the day is nearly over. And I am still here."

"The only good thing about this day."

"Tomorrow will be better, I promise."

Moving to the side, I washed her back. Her soft sighs told me she was beginning to relax, but her body told me there was still much tension. I pulled the stopper from the drain and turned on the water, adjusting it to the right temperature, and flipping the valve for the shower/sprayer. I helped her stand and rinsed her down, being sure to get every bubble rinsed away. I took her hand as she stepped out of the tub. Then taking a large soft towel, I patted her dry. More patting, more drying, even though she was dry, more patting.

"You are too good to me." She sighed.

"Nothing is too good for you tonight." I whispered from behind, as I wrapped her tightly in the towel. I handed her glass to her and I took my own and the bottle.

"Come with me, Madame, I have a... special treat for you this evening." 

I led her back to the bedroom, where I had left aromatic oils warming. "Lie down," I said, "the world will not torment you while I am here." 

She removed the towel and stretched out on the bed with her hands under her chin, elbows out to the side.

"Don't fall asleep just yet," I sat down beside her, gently rubbing one hand over her back. "I may know a way to chase those demons away."

"Are you sure," She turned her head toward me, "They are mighty big demons."

"I assure you, no demon can withstand my methods. Of course no demons can stand being talked about either."

"I don't really want to drag it back up." She said, turning her head back and resting it on her hands. "Let's just say that 'Murphy's Law' was in full effect today, and leave it at that."

"Well then, I shall have to wrest them out myself." I poured a small amount of oil into one hand, rubbing it into my other and coating them lightly. "Beware, foul Demons. You are not welcome here. Be gone with you." 

She chuckled at the melodramatics, and then sighed as my hands began their work.

I began with her legs, dripping small amounts of the herbal oils onto them, a little more in my hands. Then spreading the oil as I worked up her legs, soft gentle motions at first, rubbing the skin to increase the blood flow. I could feel her pulse quicken slightly as I worked up and down both of those long, muscular legs. Then to the globes of her buttocks, rubbing in circular motions, the thick oil lubricating her flesh until my hands glided over her skin like a warm breeze.

Her breath caught as the warm oil dripped on her back, then, again my hands drifted over her, caressing her back and shoulders. Her blood was flowing freely through her body now, ready to help me with the next step.

Gradually I increased pressure, working deeper and deeper into the muscles of her shoulders and arms, and onto her back again. Firmly kneading the tissues, freeing the toxins and tension as the blood carried them away. 

Working down to her lower back, I paused there, adding just a bit more oil, spreading it up her spine while feeling for signs of tension.

Convinced that she was sufficiently relaxed, I returned to her lower back, just above the lumbar. There, I placed my hands, thumbs together and fingers spread wide, centered on her spine, I applied firm pressure with the base of my thumbs slid my hands quickly up her back. The joints in the vertebrae popped like a string of firecrackers. She gasped, her body went limp momentarily as the spine realigned itself. A deep sigh escaped her as she felt the warmth and energy coursing through her again.

I continued working the muscles of her posterior, giving them a firm but gentle pat as I continued on down her legs, turning the muscles and releasing the last tensions from her. Then back up, again rubbing, but more briskly now, further stimulating the blood flow and washing her system clean. 

As I reached her shoulders once more, I leaned down and whispered in her ear, "Feeling better?"

"My God! I haven't felt like this in years." She rolled over to look me in the eyes, "Where did you learn to do that?"

"Many years ago in Japan. You learn a great deal about the human body when you have lived as long as some of them." 

I kissed her neck, and ear and then the neck again. She began to breath deeper as I moved lower, kissing and massaging her full round breasts, taking each nipple in my mouth, feeling them awaken at my command. The muscles in her abdomen tensing and relaxing again, and again as my lips and tongue explore. I slid my tongue in and out of her navel and bit lightly at her sides. The soft hairs of her mons brushed my cheek as I moved past. 

But there she stopped me, her hands on my head, pulling me back up to her anxious lips. I was assaulted by the full fury of her kiss. 

"Ok, if you want to take your anger out on me, go ahead." I mused, "I'm relatively strong for a geek, I can take it."

"Not anger. Not anymore. Just a hunger. For you."

"Well then, I am ripe for the picking and I'm all yours."

She pulled me close kissing me again, a long slow kiss, as if she were searching, trying to find the real comfort she needed in that kiss. Her hands rubbed slowly up and down my back.

Pushing me over onto my back, she whispered, "Well I'm starving."

She took my sweats by the cuffs and pulled them off in one swift motion. Then starting at my feet, she began to move slowly up my legs, kissing and licking teasingly. I could feel the warm sensation in my loins as my manhood awoke. She watched it grow erect as she continued up my thighs, biting at the inside of them, inching closer and closer to my groin. Her firm breasts brushed back and forth across my legs, I could feel her nipples growing excited. 

But she moved past my waiting erection, across my right hip, and gently bit into my side, sending fire throughout my abdomen. She moved to my navel, circling it with her tongue, as her breasts brushed my loins. It stood in response, with a mind of it's own, trying to reach the soft warmth of the globes that teased it. She pressed them onto it, moving up and down, rubbing them the length of it and back.

Her teeth pulled at the hairs just below my navel, she worked her way lower again. Then I felt her soft lips, kissing down the side of my erection. Teasing me again with her tongue, licking up and down both sides and circling the head. Her hot breath washed over me as she engulfed me in her mouth. Her lips closing gently around me, she worked her tongue across the underside, the roughness of her palette and hot, wetness of her mouth quickly driving me closer to climax. I held on as she withdrew, only to engulf me again. Then kissing again down both sides and playing her tongue across the head. Her hands joined the fray squeezing and stroking my loins. 

It was almost too much to bear, I took her head in my hands and pulled her to my waiting lips. She pulled her knees up straddling my torso as we kissed. My hands gently massaging her breasts. I played my fingers over her nipples, feeling them grow hard again, rolling them between my fingers and gently pinching them. 

Her hips moved back and forth, tilting forward and back, the soft hairs brushing across my skin. She sat upright, moving farther back, slowly, inching toward the object of her desire. Reaching behind her she guided me in. Her back arched and she took a deep breath as she slowly took in the entire length, moaning softly as she reached the bottom. She sat there for a moment, still as a mannequin to look at her. But stillness only hid the movement that was inside. 

Her muscles contracting and relaxing around me caused a shiver to run up my spine. Then she rose up again, her muscles squeezing hard, nearly pulling me off the bed. The intensity of the sensations overwhelming me, I gasped, and she released me. She slid slowly down my shaft, rocking her hips, and squeezing again before rising once more. 

My hands stroked her flanks, gently spurring her on. Gliding them upwards, I reached for those marvelous breasts again. Kneading them, squeezing them together, caressing them softly. I moved one hand down to her smooth belly, feeling the muscles beneath the skin as her motions increased in tempo.

Her soft moans grew louder as she reached a furious pace, her head rolling from side to side then back, her eyes closed tightly. She leaned forward, her hands on my chest, clawing and raking my skin. Her breath became more broken, short staccato gasps. I could feel the contractions as she neared her own climax.

My hand moved lower, my thumb manipulating the bud between her legs. She cried out as the first spasms racked her body, her hips pounding onto me. She threw her head back again, her eyes wide and mouth agape. She shook as if be electrocuted, She fell down on me, writhing, her hips still moving rapidly. She bit into my shoulder, then cried out again as another wave overtook her. Gradually the convulsions subsided and she lay panting on my chest. 

I kissed her forehead, then her nose, her lips, her cheek. She sighed quietly as her breath returned. I nuzzle her neck as I lifted her leg and slid from underneath her. I kissed her shoulders as she stretched out on the bed her breathing still ragged but returning to normal. 

I knelt and massaged her back again, feeling the muscles relax under pressure from my hands. I leaned close the her ear, "How do you feel now?"

Like I could do that again... And again... All night long."

"Hmm... I don't think either of us would live through it. I thought dinner might be a good idea, soon."

"It's not time for intermission already is it?"

"No, but soon."

I kissed her on the shoulder again then moved down her back planting kisses along her spine. Kneading her buttocks, gently at first, then more firmly, I kissed them, then gentle bites that made her squeal. 

I knelt behind her, spreading her legs apart, I leaned close touching my lips to the flesh of those globes. My tongue probing the area below. The sweet, musky scent is strong now and the wetness I can feel without touching. I could swear I saw steam. I moved up leaning toward her ear, I whisper, "Are you ready for me?" I could hear the tremors in her voice as she replied, "Yes... Now... Yes!" 

I pulled her hips upward, sliding her knees forward and mine under her. I lowered her onto me. Slowly, teasingly slow, I slipped inside her. Letting her feel the entire length of the stroke. Then slowly back out. And in. I paused there. Grinding my hips against her. She sighed as I retreated again.

A quick powerful thrust, and another, again I paused. Stroking her back with one hand, as my other caressed her butt. I thrust again, deeply. She gasped, rocking her hips into me.

Several short quick stabs and then deep and slow, pulling almost all the way out. 

I rammed into her again, watching as the flesh of her buttocks jiggled with the impact. I leaned over her, my right arm around her waist, I pulled her up Her hands grasped the headboard as she turned her head towards me. I leaned closer, kissing the side of her mouth and her cheek I held her there as my left hand squeezed those firm breasts again. My hand found her mouth, open and hungry, she sucked and bit at my fingers. I leaned close again nibbling at her ear. Kissing her neck, down the side, moving outward towards the shoulder. Another quick thrust, she gasped again, I bit hard into the muscle at the base of her neck. She cried out.

Her breath was coming in short gasps again, an erratic panting, she pounded back into me, as I hammered her with long, powerful strokes followed by short quick thrusts and pauses in a random pattern. 

She began to convulse uncontrollably, a powerful wave washed over her. She continued thrusting back into to me harder and harder. Screaming, crying, laughing, all at once. I could not hold her. He hands gripped the headboard tightly as she gave in once again to the sensations. 

Her spasms pulled me in. I felt the pressure building in my loins, my own climax coming on quickly. The numbing sensation coursing through me as my own control began to fade. My hips slammed uncontrollably against her own motions. The room seemed to dim as I felt the surges through her contractions. Her grip released on the headboard and she collapsed on the bed as I, spent, collapsed with her.

We lay there for a few minutes, recuperating as I combed her hair with my fingers. She rolled to face me. "How do you do that?" she asked, smiling.

"Do what?" I replied.

"Make me feel so... I don't know. I've never felt this way before. You make me feel so comfortable with everything."

"I don't know that it's anything I actually do. I mean, I just do what feels right. Perhaps you do it yourself. Or maybe I'm just the right kind of guy to make it all come out. I don't know. But I do know I feel the same way with you. It's strange really, I've always been nervous around women, but not with you. It's... It's like you are part of me. All I know is I like it and I don't want it to end."

"Well it could soon."

"What? What do you mean? You're leaving me?" I stammered.

"Never, not in a million years." She smiled

"Then what is going to tear us apart?" I demanded.

"Starvation," she laughed, "I'm famished."

"God, don't scare me like that. I almost died of heart failure"

"I'm sorry, I was only joking. Now, what were you saying about dinner a while ago?"

"Well, I was going to take you out on the town tonight but now it's a little late. How do you feel about Chinese take-out?"

"Mmmmm... I could really go for some General Tso's Chicken, extra spicy."

"That's my girl. Egg rolls or Rangoon? There's a place just a few minutes away that delivers."

"Rangoon for me. You might want to call quickly, before I decide to eat you instead."

I jumped out of bed, making a big show of it, and ran for the phone. "You might want to grab a quick shower and put something on. If we answer the door like this they may not deliver anymore."

"Or they might deliver every night, whether you place an order or not." She giggled. "Hurry up and order then you can help me in the shower."

"I'm a dialin'"

I placed the order then joined her in the shower. We quickly scrubbed each other down and toweled each other off. I grabbed my sweats again just as the doorbell rang. 

"Damn, That was fast." She said, surprised.

"I order from there all the time." I said "I tip well, they do their best to prove they're worth it. I'll get the door, you put something on and then pick a movie to watch."

"Gotcha covered, Luke."

"Who the hell is Luke?" feigning hurt.

"Just an expression."

"I know. You got it from me." I kissed her on the cheek and headed downstairs to the door. 

She came down, after the delivery boy was gone, wearing only a pair of panties and one of my white oxfords with the sleeves rolled up.

"Damn! How come that shirt doesn't look as good on me?"

"It does."

She went to the shelves and picked a movie. "Pop this in and let's eat."

We ate sitting on the floor, then curled up together on the couch to watch the rest of the movie. I knew she wouldn't last until the end.

She didn't.

I carried her upstairs and put her to bed. I kissed her on the forehead and climbed in. I was asleep before my head hit the pillow.

***************

The sunlight coaxed my eyes open. I rolled over and found she was not there. Looking at the clock, I saw it was 7:00AM. 'Hmmm... Early'. I lay there for a moment, listening. The house was silent. 'Wait... What was that? Sounds like bottles clinking together. The kitchen? Uh, oh. She's up to no bad again.' In this house that can not be good. 

Throwing back the sheets I dragged myself out of bed. A few stretching exercises and I felt almost right again. I pulled on a pair of sweats and snuck downstairs to see just what she was up to. 'I'll teach her to wash my dishes.' My mind is mischievous in the morning sometimes. 

As I peeked into the kitchen, I saw her, wearing only a bra and panties, sitting cross-legged in front of the open refrigerator. I padded quietly up behind her and squatted down. Still unaware of my presence she continued to poke and prod at various items in the fridge. I carefully leaned close to her left ear, "If you are hot I can crank up the air conditioner."
