 I wrote his story this way to see if I could produce a tale that didn't have rough language in it. Let me know what you think.

*

He was absolutely elated. He couldn't believe that he had been hired as a junior executive after graduating from the University of Michigan. There was only time for a quick visit home to Kansas and then, off to New York. This was one of those 'plum' jobs that MBAs dream about. The fact that he had graduated number two in his class had a lot to do with his selection to the position.

It was a very long drive from Ann Arbor to Salinas. By the time he got home, he was completely exhausted. His mother greeted him at the door. "It's so good to see you son. You didn't bother to write or call for over two months. We've been worried about you."

"Gee, I'm sorry mom. I've just been so busy trying to get my masters that I really haven't had time to think about much besides study. I'm home for now. I've only got ten days to get to New York, so I can't stay very long."

"New York? Why do you have to go to New York? Surely there must be some jobs here in Kansas."

"I must admit I had some offers from Kansas City, but none of them pay like the New York job."

"Money isn't everything, son. I guess you'll have to find out on your own." She hugged him and kissed him. "Your father will be home soon. I'm sure you'll have a lot to discuss with him."

"I need a shower and some rest, mom. It was a long, hard drive here from Michigan."

"Your room is still waiting for you. We've kept it just like you left it."

He dragged his bags up the steps to the second floor bedroom. The room that had seemed small to him when he left for college now looked enormous after the postage-stamp sized dorm rooms. He quickly undressed and headed for the shower wearing only his boxers. After the shower he flopped down on the bed and immediately fell asleep.

His father woke him for dinner. He stood up and shook his father's hand. "Hi, dad, it's so good to see you again." 

"It's good to see you, too, son. I heard you got a job in New York."

"Oh, yeah, and it's a dandy. I'm a new junior executive! It pays twice as much as any other offer I got. Promotion possibilities are endless."

"I'm happy for you son. Please don't scare your mama by not keeping in touch. She's been frantic the last two months worrying about you."

"I promise I'll write and call from New York every chance I get. It won't be like school. I'll have some time off."

"Well, let's go eat. Your mama fried some chicken."

Fried chicken was his favorite meal. He sprinted down the stairs and into the dining room.

"Joe Prince, come here and let me look at you!" squealed the girl in the living room.

It was Cindy Bateman, his old flame. "Hi, Cindy. What are you up to?"

She jumped off the couch, wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him.

"Your mama told me you were coming home and she invited me over for dinner. How are you?"

Cindy wasn't the prettiest girl in Kansas, but she was very nice looking and had been Joe's sweetheart in high school. Her family didn't have enough money to send her to college and her grades had never been good enough to get a scholarship. After Joe left, she had waited for him. At 24, she was still a virgin.

Joe looked at her and smiled. "So are all the boys still snuffling up your tracks, or did you manage to land one?"

"Oh, Joe, I never went out with anyone but you." She sighed. "How long can you stay this time?"

"Only a few days. I have to report to my new job in ten days and it is a long way away."

"Come and get it," mama yelled from the dining room.

As Joe passed his mother he whispered, "Very sneaky, ma."

She had a smug smile on her face. She knew where Joe's weaknesses lay.

Cindy sat next to Joe at the dinner table. She had loved Joe with all her heart in high school and she still felt the same. The look in her eyes was a dead giveaway to everyone at the table including Joe.

Joe had some deep feelings about Cindy, but he was sure that having been away so long, they would have diminished. With her sitting next to him and sharing a meal, he wasn't so sure.

"Did you date a lot in school, Joe?" Cindy asked.

"I tried but I just didn't have time for much fun. I was way too busy studying."

"I haven't had any dates since you left," Cindy replied.

Joe recognized the trap, but at this point, he didn't care. "So would you like to go to a movie with me?" he asked.

"Absolutely! When?"

"How about after dinner?"

"Okay, no problem. I can be ready in twenty minutes." Cindy lived just a block away. She excused herself and shot out the door, practically sprinting home.

Joe sat there in a daze. What had just happened? Suddenly he was going on a date with a girl he knew from six years ago. In a way, it made him proud to think that she might really be enamored of him after all this time. He assessed the situation and decided that he really did want to date her. Maybe she would provide a little diversion while he waited for his new position to open.

There was a soft knock on the door. Joe answered it and there stood Cindy looking better than he ever remembered. "Wow!" he remarked. 

"Wow!" his dad remarked, standing behind him.

"Cindy, you are just perfect," said his mom.

"Gee, thanks," was her only comment.

Joe said, "Come in and sit down. I'll be ready in five minutes." He raced upstairs and quickly cleaned up, brushed his teeth and combed his hair.

As he came down the stairs, he heard Cindy giggle and whisper something to his mother. Now he was certain that his mother was part of the plot. He just didn't know what the plot was. Ready?" he asked.

"More than ready!" came the response as she got up and headed for the door.

They got into Joe's car and started down the street. "Where do you want to go?" he asked.

"How about the drive-in?" she answered.

"Sounds good. What's playing?" he asked.

"I don't know. It doesn't make any difference."

Joe looked at her quizzically. "You don't care what's showing?"

"Nope."

The sun was setting as they pulled through the entrance to the drive-in. Joe paid the tickets and drove slowly inside, toward the front. 

"This is too close. It'll hurt my eyes." Complained Cindy.

"Okay. You pick a spot."

She pointed to the back row, over against the fence. Joe drove to the appointed spot and parked the car. "Here?" he asked.

"Yes, this will do nicely," she replied.

The lights went out and they were plunged into almost total darkness. Cindy slid across the seat next to Joe. She felt so good sitting next to him. He was getting very comfortable. She felt like home. He put his arm around her and she snuggled into his body. He felt her hand on his thigh. He put his free hand on it and moved it up a couple of notches. Her free hand went around his neck and she pulled him down to her lips. She was warm and wet and tasted so good. His tongue snaked between her lips and started to wrestle with hers. They necked and petted during the first movie. The lights came on, blinding both of them temporarily. Cindy was panting rapidly.

Joe moved her back a little. "Oh man! That was wonderful!" he told her.

"I loved it too," she answered. "We have another movie to go. I want some more of that!"

Once again the lights went down. As soon as it was dark, Joe kissed her hard again. He slid his hand up her body to her sweater. She didn't say a thing as he slipped his hand under her sweater and gently squeezed her breast. She moaned into his mouth and slid her hand all the way up his thigh. She could feel his erection on the back of her hand, but she summon the courage to grab it.

As the lights came back on, they broke their kiss and disentangled. Neither of them had any idea what the movie had been about.

Joe fired up the car and they got into the line headed out of the drive-in. "Where do you want to go now?" he asked.

"It's late and I have to work tomorrow," she replied.

"I'll take you home," he told her and pointed the car toward her house.

He parked in her driveway and shut off the motor. She was still pressed closely to him. He reached over with his left hand and once again caressed her breast. His lips met hers. Their tongues danced in the dim light of the street lamp.

"We better stop while we still can." He said.

"Yeah," she panted, "I know what you mean. My brakes aren't very good either."

He walked her to the door and again hugged her tightly to him. He kissed her in the dim light and stroked her back. She wiggled into him as tightly as she could and moaned again into his mouth. He wanted to throw her down and have his way with her right here on the porch. She wanted the same thing but instead she stammered, "I better go in now."

"Okay. I'll call you tomorrow. What time do you get off work?"

"Two thirty," she replied. She stepped inside her door and was gone.

Joe had been nursing a massive erection all night. He got into his car and almost got it hung on the steering wheel. He didn't have the biggest penis in the world, but it wasn't the smallest either.

As he lay down in his bed, his mind traveled over the events of the night. She was definitely willing. He probably could have had her in the drive-in. Why didn't he? He fell asleep pondering that question.

He woke up at ten o'clock in the morning. He didn't realize he was that tired. He wandered into the kitchen. There was a note on the table. "We have gone to the Jacob's farm. We'll be back about ten tonight, sleepy head."

He prepared a light brunch. His folks had a large TV set and he ate his food as he watched. They didn't have cable, so it was mostly vapid daytime fare. He quickly lost interest and turned it off. He started reading a book from his dad's collection. As he read, his thoughts drifted away from the book and focused on Cindy. 

If he asked her, would she go with him? Did he love her? What did he want from her? It was obvious that casual sex wasn't it. He could have had that last night. For the first time he started to doubt the wisdom of leaving his beloved Kansas and going to New York. It was one thirty when he came out of his trance. He went into the bathroom and took a long, hot shower. He shaved and put his clothes on. By the time he finished, it was time to call Cindy.

The phone rang as he reached for it. "Hello, Joe?" came the inquiry.

"Yeah," he answered.

"Can I come over for a while?" It was Cindy.

"Sure, anytime."

Five minutes later there was a tapping on the door. He opened it and invited her in. 

"What do you want to do today?" he asked.

"I thought we could just sit here and talk for a while. We haven't done a lot of talking lately." She smiled.

"You are right," he laughed, "We seem to have found other ways to amuse ourselves."

"Is this only 'amusement' to you Joe?"

"Hell no! I thought about you all night. I didn't get to sleep until four this morning. I didn't wake up until ten this morning."

"For a minute there you scared me. I'll be frank with you Joe. Last night showed me that I am still in love with you. I would have fallen right over on your car seat if you had asked me to. I have saved myself for you Joe. I'm still a virgin, but my biological clock is ticking more rapidly every year. I must know how you feel about me. Am I waiting in vain, or do you have feelings for me too?"

"Cindy, last night was a wake up call for me too. I tossed and turned all night. If we hadn't stopped when we did last night, you wouldn't be a virgin now. I didn't want to stop, but I have deep feelings for you. I think I'm falling in love with you."

She jumped into his arms and squealed, "Oh Joe, I have waited so long to hear you say that to me! What are we going to do about it?'

"I guess we'll have a few more dates and then decide if we want to make it a permanent arrangement." He hugged her tightly to him.

"That's good enough for me." she remarked as she drove her tongue into his mouth. Her hands crept under his shirt and played with his chest hair. She felt his hand slide up her body, under her shirt and start caressing her breasts.

Joe could feel his erection rising. He knew that there would be no turning back now. He unbuttoned her shirt and removed it. Then he unsnapped her bra and for the first time he saw her 34B breasts swinging free. He rubbed her nipples. She moaned as she fiddled with his shirt. Soon, it joined her bra and shirt on the floor. "Let's go to my room," he suggested. 

She took his hand and led him to his room. Once inside, he shut and locked the door. When he turned around, she was naked. He dropped his pants and his boxers letting his super hard seven inches out of their compound. He walked across the room and held her tightly. She could feel his erection pressing into her stomach. His hands went around her butt and pulled her into him. "The bed, we need the bed," he groaned. 

He picked her up and her legs went around his waist. Her vulva was pressed against his penis, almost, but not quite enveloping him. He laid her gently on his bed and scrambled in beside her.

At last, her dreams were coming true. Joe was naked beside her. Many times she had longed for just such a scenario. She reached between them and grasped his tool for the first time. She felt him rubbing her vulva. She was getting very wet. Her vagina was producing copious quantities of lubricant.

"Oh, Joe, please, let's make love now."

"Are you sure you want this?"

She tightened her grip on his erection. "Yes, I want it now!"

Joe spread her legs and got between them. She opened them as widely as she could. Almost as soon as he entered her, he felt her hymen break. She uttered a little gasp, wrapped her legs around his butt and drove him all the way into her.

There was a little pinching sensation as her virginity flew away. She felt completely full. She was completely full of Joe. "Joe that feels so good! Come on. Show me how." She felt him start to move within her. Sensations she had only read about were assailing her mind. She could no longer think. Instincts born of three million years of breeding took over. She didn't need to learn anything. She already knew. 

Joe had never felt anything like Cindy's vagina. It was so tight he had to force his way in. Luckily she was well lubricated with her fluid emissions. After she jammed him in, it slipped in and out pretty easily. She was just so good! "I don't want to ever stop this," he informed her.

"Me too," she answered.

She didn't recognize the onset of her climax until it was upon her. She screamed her pleasure as she tightened around Joe. Jo felt the start of her orgasm and knew that she would soon be milking him dry. As she tightened around him, he started squirting his semen into her waiting receptacle. When he finished and she finished, he rolled to one side and looked deep into her eyes. "Marry me." Was all he said.

"Yes," she answered. A tear slid down her cheek. "What about your job in New York/" she asked. 

He got up, still nude and walked to the telephone. He made two phone calls and then went back to the bedroom.

"What did you do?" she asked.

"I just switched to "Plan B." he answered.

"What is "Plan"B"? She asked.

"That's where I dump the New York job and take the one in Kansas City. Are you ready to move?"

"In a heartbeat." She said. "Now let's do it again. We've got until ten o'clock," she remarked.

"Just how would you know that?" he asked.

"You aren't the only one with a "Plan B." she replied.