 I hate flying. I always have to have a couple drinks before I get on a plane. While in the bar waiting for my flight to begin boarding, I couldn't help notice a very attractive man on his cell phone. He was almost 6 foot, nice build, dark hair and eyes. He was wearing jeans and a dark blue button up shirt.

I couldn't hear what he was saying, but he was obviously frustrated. After a few minutes he put down his phone. I didn't realize I was staring until he looked up at me. He gave me a kind smile and I quickly turned, slightly embarrassed. I finished my second drink and then used the restroom so I wouldn't have to use the one on the plane. As I was walking out of the restroom my flight was called.

It was then that I realized maybe I shouldn't have worn 3 inch heels today. I love heels and am very comfortable in them, but I don't have a high tolerance for alcohol at all and was already feeling the 2 drinks I had at the bar in a short time. I was also wearing a flowing blue skirt that stopped right above my knees, and a white button up blouse. Anyway, I went to the gate as passengers were already boarding. 

My only carry on was a small purse and my own blanket. It was a small plane. Only 2 seats on each side of the aisle. My seat was an aisle seat in one of the last rows. I paid no attention to the other passengers and was just concerned about getting to my seat and waiting for the flight attendant to bring me another drink. 

As I found my seat I dropped my purse at the foot of the passenger in the window seat. I bent over and picked it up and looked up at the passenger to apologize. "I'm sorry," I said, surprisingly looking at the man that I saw at the bar earlier. I felt myself blush again.

"Not a problem at all," he said with a grin on his face. Only instead of looking at my face he was looking at my chest. I did have a large chest, 38 DDD, but I still thought that was rather rude. 

I put my purse under my seat and sat down. As I went to hook my seatbelt I realized why he had been staring at my chest. I had already had the top button undone, but apparently the second button had also come undone. As I was wearing a demi bra, my tits were practically falling out of my shirt in his face! The outline of my nipple piercings could also be seen. I thought fixing the button, but I thought that would just draw more attention to it, so I just went with it as if I meant to have so cleavage showing.

"I think I saw you in the bar earlier. My name is Kevin." He held out his hand and I got a whiff of his cologne. 

"Um, yeah, I think you were having a heated conversation on your cell. I'm Lynn." I shook his hand. He had large strong hands.

He sighed. "Yeah, with my fiancé. Things have been a little tense lately."

"I'm sorry to hear that," I said, half telling the truth. I was sorry to hear he had a fiancé. He was attractive and I had been pretty horny lately.

"You seemed a little nervous earlier. Not a fan of flying?" he asked as I arranged my blanket over my lap.

I laughed. "Not at all. As soon as we are in the air I'll be asking for another drink."

"Well I think I'll join you. I could use a drink." He seemed a little depressed and like he could use someone to talk to. So as we were waiting for takeoff and our drinks, we talked. I found out he was an athletic trainer, which explains the nice body. I told him about my divorce and my kids. We talked about my job a little.

As we got our drinks I asked about his fiancé. "So what is the deal with your fiancé? Why are things tense?"

"Well, she is a great girl. But, honestly, the sex sucks. Sorry if that is a little TMI," he said taking a sip of his drink.

"No, not at all. I asked. Is she happy with your sex life?" I asked, rather curious now.

"Perfectly. That's the problem. I have a very high sex drive, she doesn't. She also likes things, um, kind of, vanilla," he said with a grin.

I was really curious now. I also had a very high sex drive and couldn't imagine not jumping this guy every chance I got if we were together. "How often?"

"About once a week, if that," he said with a sigh. I noticed he was glancing down at my chest occasionally as we were talking. I could feel my nipples getting hard under his gaze.

"Wow, not enough for me. I like a lot of sex. Unfortunately it has been awhile being so busy with work and the kids. And what do you mean by vanilla?" I asked.

"Well..." he started, seeming a little embarrassed now. "She likes regular, missionary sex. And don't get me wrong, that can be great. But I like a little more variety."

Now he really had my attention. I leaned into him a little, feeling my third drink starting to hit me. "Like what?" I asked with a slight seductive quality to my voice now.

"I don't know where to start." He paused and glanced at my tits again. "I love oral, giving and receiving. I could eat pussy for hours." The alcohol was obviously loosening him up a bit too.

"Mmmmm. How could she not like that?? I love oral too. I love the taste of cum," I said smiling at him.

"Really? Do you swallow?" he asked in a whisper.

"Yes. Although sometimes I enjoy taking a shot to my face, or my tits."

"I wish my fiancé would say that." He paused for a moment. "Um, speaking of your tits, I couldn't help but notice, are your nipples pierced?"

I giggled a little. "Yes they are. Do you like pierced nipples?" I asked teasingly.

"I like the pictures I've seen, but I've never had the opportunity to play with them." He was staring at them now.

I smiled and pulled the blanket up to my neck. "Well go ahead," I dared him.

He looked at my eyes and then reached under the blanket and slipped his hand inside my shirt and under my bra and found my nipple, which was already hard. He rubbed it and then pinched it gently. I moaned quietly. "I definitely like to play with them," he said s he switched to the other nipple. And they are so much bigger than my fiancés. I'm hard as a rock already."

I glanced down and noticed a large bulge in his pants. I pulled his hand out of my shirt and lowered the blanket. I spread the blanket out so it covered both of our laps. I reached my hand under his blanket and unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans with one hand in a matter of seconds. His cock practically jumped into my hand. I was very thick. My small hand didn't even fit all the way around it. And I would guess about 7 inches long. 

I started jerking him off, slowly at first. "Oh my god, Lynn. That feels great," he gasped.

Just at that moment the flight attendant came by. "Can I get you anything?" she asked with a smile. She didn't say anything about what we were doing, but with the obvious bulge in his lap and my hand moving up and down she couldn't miss it. 

I looked at her and answered without stopping the hand job. "No thanks, we are good," I replied. "Right Kevin?"

He looked at her, obviously distracted. He was barely able to talk. "No thanks," he said before closing his eyes.

"Ok, enjoy the rest of the flight," she said as she walked away.

We were leaning into each other. "Would your fiancé do this for you? Would she jerk you off in public?"

"Oh god no," he said while moaning in my ear. He was having trouble keeping still. He kept moving his hips. I began moving faster and faster. He was having trouble keeping his moans low.

"You are going to make me cum," he whimpered. 

"Good, cum for me, cum all over my hand," I begged.

He moaned quietly as I felt the cum spurting out of his cock. Some hit the blanket and some dripped onto my hand. As he finished he looked at me. "Thank you, that was amazing."

"My pleasure," I said as I removed my hand. We both looked down and saw all the cum on my hand. I smiled at him and brought my hand to my mouth and slowly licked it clean. He stared in awe.

"You really do like the taste of cum I guess," he said.

"I do, I am practically dripping wet right now," I said teasingly.

It was now his turn to reach under the blanket. He pulled up my skirt to find I was wearing thigh highs and no panties. We both moaned as he parted my lips and found my clit. He rubbed it for a few minutes before moving his fingers to my opening. He inserted one finger. Then two. He was finger fucking me slowly. "You are so fucking tight," he said as he inserted a third finger into my cunt. Now I couldn't keep my hips still as I got closer to orgasm. 

"Mmmmm, make me cum Kevin, please," I begged. He started fucking me faster with his three fingers as the flight attendant walked by and smiled at us again. Having he looking at me was all I needed to go over the edge and cum all over Kevin's fingers. I stared at her as I orgasmed, which I am sure she was able to see.

"Wow Lynn, you are really amazing," Kevin said s he removed his hand from between my legs. His hand was glistening with my juices which he eagerly licked off.

We landed soon after. When we got to the luggage carousel he walked over to a woman which must have been his fiancé. He kissed her passionately. All I could think was that she was tasting my pussy. He smiled at me before they walked away. I picked up my luggage and left, never bothering to fix the button on my blouse.