 Many years ago there was a sex club, for lack of better words, called Plato's Retreat. The club was in lower Manhattan in NYC. It was the premier sex club in the country.

I had always wanted to go there and see what the place was like and what it offered but I did not want to go alone. I was a young man in my early twenties.

At that time, I used to go online quite often and into various chat rooms.

One evening, I found a chat room that looked interesting. The room was called "Take me."

In the room were a couple of men and one woman. I said hello and the only person who said hello back was the woman. 

I asked her if she cared to chat in private and she said yes; so we did.

I asked her name and she said it was Donna and I told her that my name was John. I asked her about the room title and she said that she was looking for someone to take her to a sex club.

I asked her what she looked like and she freely gave me her stats: 5'5", 145, auburn hair, brown eyes and 32b breasts and was nineteen.

Of course I did not really believe her as this online and not always real. However, I told her she sounded terrific and would love to meet her one day.

I told her that I always wanted to go to a sex club but did not want to go alone. She felt the same way.

We chatted for a long time, discussing our fantasies and likes and dislikes and we had a lot in common. She said she wasn't a virgin but had a lot to learn and figured she could learn a lot and get some practical experience at the sex club.

Somehow, I got the nerve to ask her if she wanted to go with me to Plato's Retreat. She said she heard of the place and heard it was an exciting sex club. 

To my astonishment, she said she would go with me.

We exchanged telephone numbers and I told her I would call her to set up a date to go.

A week later I got the nerve to call Donna.

When she answered, I told her who I was and she said she remembered me. Then she asked if I was going to take her to Plato's Retreat. I laughed and asked her if she really wanted to go and she emphatically said yes.

I asked her if she knew anything about the place and she said no. I then explained that the club is a sex club and that anyone can approach her for sex. Of course she could refuse. I told her that they had a swimming pool, hot tub, sauna, food and private sex rooms and a very public sex room.

I also told her that she did not have to have sex with me while we were there, but that was her choice.

After I explained everything, she said she still wanted to go. I told her ok and I would get back to her with a day and time.

I made plans for the following Saturday night. 

I called Donna and told her everything was set and that we would meet at the club at 8:00 p.m. and she agreed.

All day I was nervous. Was she real? Would she even show up? What did she really look like? And a million more questions were running through my head.

I got to the club a little early and waited. The time seemed to drag on and before I knew it, it was now 8:30 and she did not come. I told myself to give her fifteen more minutes, then I would leave.

It was now 8:45 and I decided it was time to go. 

I started walking toward the subway entrance when I heard a woman yelling. I turned around and saw a beautiful young woman running toward me saying her name was Donna.

I stopped, then turned and walked to her, finally stopping in front of her. She apologized and said she had missed the train.

I gave her a kiss on the cheek and told her she looked beautiful. Donna was 5'7", 115, long blond hair, blue eyes and at least a 34c. I did not ask her age but I could see that she wasn't nineteen but somewhat older than me. I figured she had to be in her late twenties or even early thirties. I could see that she wasn't wearing a bra as her erect nipples were straining to be released from their enclosure. 

I told her that she did not look as she described and she said she told me a white lie to see if looks mattered to me.

We chatted for a few minutes and I again asked her if she knew what she was getting into if we went inside. I told her that every man and woman was going to try to have sex with her, including me. She just smiled said she knew and was looking forward to it. I told her ok and in we went.

As we entered the club, we were met with the usual security asking for I.D. and proof of age, which we readily provided.

We were given information as to where everything was and what we could and couldn't do. We were shown the locker rooms to put our things. 

We looked at each other and I said to Donna that it was time to go in, and enter we did.

The first thing we saw were naked men and women all over the place. Some were in the pool, some were on lounge chairs and some were openly fucking with everyone watching.

Donna held onto me as we entered the locker room where we were going to undress and put our things.

I undressed first and my semi hard cock sprung to life as Donna started to remove her clothes.

She was more beautiful naked than with clothes on. 

Once we were naked and our stuff stored away, we went to check out the place.

We first went into the pool area where naked men and women were enjoying the water and each other. 

One guy was sitting on the edge of the pool and a woman was sucking his cock. A woman was also sitting on the edge of the pool and another woman was eating her pussy.

Donna and I just took in the sights and pointed to various sex acts in progress. 

I asked her what she thought and she just said it was exciting.

As we continued our tour, my cock was nice and hard and she noticed and asked if I was enjoying myself as she looked down at my hard cock. I told her I was enjoying it and hoped she was also. She just smiled and we continued onward.

We passed some private rooms where couples were fucking away. We watched as people switched their fucking partners and went from one to another.

I then led Donna to the public sex room where anything and everything was happening.

We found a spot to sit to observe. I did not take long before a young guy asked Donna if she wanted to fuck.

Donna looked at me and I just smiled. 

She got up and was led to a mat and laid down. The guy spread her legs and mounted her. It did not take long for the guy's cock got lost in her cunt. I could see his cock sliding in and out as she looked over to me. Soon the guy was telling her he was going to cum. I heard her tell him to cum on her tits, which he quickly obliged.

As he was still cumming on her, a woman came over to them and started kissing Donna, who was startled but returned the woman's kisses equally.

The scene lasted at least fifteen minutes before the guy and the woman moved on.

Donna got up and came over to me with cum dripping down her tits. 

I asked if she had a good time and she just laughed.

While we were talking, a woman approached us and asked if we would like to join her group in the corner. 

We looked over and saw several men and women fucking and playing with each other. 

I looked at Donna and she looked at me and we both got up at the same time and told the woman yes.

The woman led us to her group and they stopped long enough to ask us to join them.

We got on the large soft mat with them and joined in.

I wasted no time in grabbing Donna and kissed her. She returned my kisses enthusiastically. We were feeling each other up when a couple of more sets of hands were all over us. 

I could feel hands on my cock and balls and on my ass. I could see another set of hands on Donna's ass and moving up and down her legs.

Somehow, Donna was now on her back and hands were all over her tits, stomach and pussy. 

A woman put her nipple in my mouth and I started sucking it as I watched Donna being groped by at least four people.

I then saw one guy mount Donna and slid his cock into her cunt. I watched as he fucked her. It wasn't long before he shot his cum in her.

As soon as he came, another guy mounted her and started to fuck her. In total, four guys fucked her and shot their loads into her cunt.

The woman that I was sucking on her nipples was now on her back and wanted my cock in her. I mounted her snd slid my cock in her wet cunt. As I started pumping her, I saw Donna just watching us. 

After a few minutes, I shot my cum into the woman and fell to the side, spent.

As I lay resting, Donna came over to me and kissed me. I felt her tits on my chest. Her cum soaked pussy was hovering over my cock, which was now hard again. I could feel Donna lowering herself onto my cock until it was fully seated in her.

As she rode my cock, the group was feeling her up. Two guys were sucking on her very erect nipples and one guy had his cock in her mouth.

It did not take me long to cum and as I did, her cunt was flowing cum on my cock and balls from the guys before me.

We finally composed ourselves and left the group with big smiles and a thank you.

Donna and I found a spot so we could rest and talk.

As we talked, I could see cum still oozing out her cunt and it did not seem to faze Donna in the least.

I asked her if she thought the place was like she imagined and she said it was even better.

I asked her if she enjoyed all the attention she was getting and she said she loved it and was having a great time.

She asked me if I was enjoying myself and I gave her a big smile and said yes.

I asked her if there was anything else she would like to do or see before we left as it was getting late.

She thought about it and said she would like me to fuck her in the middle of the room for everyone to see.

I smiled and we walked over the center of the public sex room. 

I told her to get on all fours as I wanted to fuck her from behind.

She dropped down and got on all fours. She spread her legs a bit which allowed my cock complete access to her slit. I moved in behind her and pressed my cock up against her opening and started to insert it.

As my cock was entering her cum filled cunt, I told her that people around us were watching us. When she heard that, she pressed her cunt back to fully engulf my hard cock until it was fully in her.

I started fucking Donna and as I was, several hands started feeling her up and encouraging her to fuck harder.

I kept pumping my cock into her cunt until I was ready to explode. I told her I was going to cum. She lurched forward and quickly laid on her back and told me to cum on her. I shot my load on her tits and face, with some finding her mouth.

As soon as I came on her, the men around me nudged me aside and one by one, mounted her and fucked her, each one cumming on her.

I lost count of the number of men that fucked Donna, but by the end, she was completely covered in cum.

After quite awhile, I took her to the locker room where she could shower and clean up.

When she was done, we got dressed and were ready to leave when she asked me if I would like to come back again with her. I told her I would as long as she would perform the same way as she did tonight.

She looked at me with her blue eyes and said that I haven't seen anything yet and smiled.

We walked out a very satisfied couple.

************

There is more to this story and if you want me to write about it, please vote and give me encouragement. Your feedback is very important. Thank you.