 Authors Note;

This is my first story, please be honest. It ran much longer than I expected it to. 

*****

"Dad, are you awake?" My son Cole asked while prying my eye open.

I kept pretending to sleep and when he tried to open my eye again, I grabbed him and threw him on the bed proceeding to tickle him in the ribs. "I'm not Dad, I'm The Tickler. The fiercest villain in the whole world!" I said in my best evil villain voice.

"Stop, Dad." He said giggling. "We have get ready for school."

It was 6:30am, Tuesday morning and my first day with my son this week. Cole is six, he is my little buddy. His mother and I have been divorced for two years. There was no one reason why we split, just no reason to stay together. We started hot and heavy but as life progressed, we just grew apart. She knew I would never end it, so one day she sat me down and we rationally negotiated our divorce. It was oddly analytical. She got the house, the SUV, and the dog. I got the truck, the big TV, no alimony payments, and flexible joint custody of our son.

So here I am; 35, a single father, and for this week - the happiest man alive.

My time with Cole is great, we have breakfast together, I take home to school, I pick him up, and we spend the rest of the day together and start over the next. Our normal routine has me getting him up at 7am, but today he decided to beat me to it.

We got ready for the day, side by side in the bathroom, got dressed, and I made him his usual waffles with butter.

Because of the early start, we made it to school early. This is his second week of grade one so I walked him to his class and introduced myself to his teacher, Mrs. Hess. Nice lady. She's probably three years past retirement, but seems to love kids and teaching.

"Cole really is a sweetheart, you know." She said

"Yeah, he must get it from his mother." I joked. Not much of a joke really. I'm generally an analytical thinker and I have to go out of my way to think about other people and their feelings. My ex has always been the caring people person and you can really see this trait in Cole.

"And he's so smart. His reading and math skills are impressive." Mrs. Hess continued. The math he gets from me, Lauren needs a calculator to add 49 and 51. Lauren and I both spent a lot of time reading with him and he now reads to us. "Yeah, he is a sponge." I replied.

I knelt down and gave a goodbye hug to Cole, stood, and turned to leave nearly bowling over a completely startled looking goddess. 

She was 5'4" tall, brilliant green eyes, full lips, long curly blonde hair to her shoulders in a ponytail, large breasts - at least C-cup, and wide supple hips. She was wearing an unbuttoned jean jacket, a long tank top that barely covered her bra and ass, and black yoga pants. She had sunglasses in the neck of her shirt pulling the collar down slightly more to show her very functional looking bra.

She had a backpack in one hand and a reusable shopping bag in the other with a decent sized wedding ring on her finger.

The backpack dropped and the shopping bag swung around nearly taking out what I assume was her daughter.

"I -uh-um. I'm sorry." I stammered.

"It's fine." She said. "I should have been looking where I was going too." She snapped.

Her statement shocked me. "No, it was my fault. I was moving way too fast." I reached for the backpack and handed it to her daughter. "I assume this is yours, pretty lady." She giggled and took it from me.

"Thank you." She smiled, turned to her Mom and said "bye Mommy." As she bounced to put her bag away. 

Her mom smiled at her then me. She looked like she was going to say something then turned back to her daughter, "Mary don't forget your sharing treats."

Mary turned back to get the bag with a radiant smile and brought it to Mrs. Hess.

I started to walk out and Mary's Mom caught up to me and we kept walking. "Sorry about before, it's been a hectic morning. I forgot it was our snack day and had to rush to the grocery store on the way in."

"I'm sorry for almost tackling you, I don't normally do that to beautif-strange women." I laughed. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to say that."

"What, call me strange?" She smiled with a twinkle in her eye.

"Um yeah. That's it." I said.

"I haven't seen you here before, new to the school?" She asked

"No, I'm Cole's Dad. Just my first time dropping him off." I replied.

"Oh my god! Mary will not stop talking about Cole. I was hoping to talk to your wife about a playdate." She bubbled.

"We'll, she has him starting Friday. He's with me until then. We're not together anymore. So you could ask her then."

"Oh, ok. You guys are busy this week?" She asked.

"No, I just assumed you'd just want to hang out with her while they were playing." I shrugged.

"Not necessarily" she said

We had just gotten outside the school, she reached for her sunglasses and I found myself staring at her glorious cleavage as she was putting them on. Her breasts looked so soft and beautiful, I could just imagine wrapping my hands around them kneading them and kissing them. Exposing the nipples and teasing them. I don't know if she noticed or not, but she definitely took her time.

"Well, I'm off to the gym and then to stock up on groceries. I didn't catch your name. I'm James" I offered.

"Hello James." She said with a smile. "I'm Trish." She held out her hand.

The way she purred my name was one of the most erotic things I'd ever heard, it was sensual and very arousing.

I shook her hand and a bolt of electricity shot from our hands through my body and out through hardening cock. I went from stiffening up to fully hard in an instant. Every nerve was activated at once. It took all of my effort not to let out a moan right there. I had never felt that attraction before and I was overcome.

"I've got to head to work soon, see you again. Cole's Dad." She said with a wink. With that she was off. I watched her. Hips swaying, entranced by her walk. I had to adjust myself as I walked to my truck.

Once I had all of my faculties in order, I hit the gym, hard. I was confused and concerned that a married woman was affecting me this way. 

I did my thing until it was time to get Cole from school. He was happy and told me about all of the things he learned during his day on the drive. After some hard-core Legoing and supper, I asked about Mary.

"She's really fun. She plays soccer with me at recess and says she loves Legos. Can I have a playdate with her sometime?" He asked.

"We'll see bud, maybe when you're at your Mom's next week." I said.

"I don't think so Dad. She is at her Dad's next week and she has to play with her new sister. Why can't we do it this week?" He asked.

"I don't know Cole. Maybe we can work something out. We'll see. Now get ready for bed, I'll be there soon." I told him.

I was a bit distracted putting him to bed but he went out like a light and I spent the rest of the night thinking about Trish nursing an aching hard-on to sleep.

The next day I got to sleep until 7am and when I dropped Cole off, I saw Trish as she was leaving. Today she looked even better. Same jacket, green tank top that didn't quite reach her waist and camouflage yoga pants that looked perfectly tight .

"Hey Mary's Mom." I said to her.

"Hey there, Cole's Dad." she said with a smile.

"Cole was asking for a playdate with Mary this week. He said, that she said next week wouldn't work." I explained.

"That's true, she's with her Dad next week. His new wife wouldn't be interested in 'doing playdates'" she stated with a hint of venom.

"Sorry, I didn't realize." I hinted at her ring finger "I didn't know."

"Oh, this." She indicated the ring. "I'm a server at a restaurant, keeps the attention away. I'm very single." She smiled at me.

Now I should say, my entire life I've been ignorant to signals from women. I'm always slow on interpreting and it used to always put me in the friend zone. My ex wife had to literally grab me and kiss me to let me know she was interested. Agressive women have always been where I've had the most success. This was a signal I wasn't going to be ignorant to.

"How does this afternoon work? Cole says Mary likes soccer and Legos. We have a field across from my condo the kids can play all the soccer they want and then if they still want to, Legos after." I offered. "You could even drop Mary off if you want and have a bit of time for yourself."

"That would be nice, but what if I wanted to stay as well. I have every second week to myself already?" She asked.

I had to struggle to keep my smile from getting too big. "That would also be good. Kind of like a double playdate." I responded.

"Sounds like fun." She said with a smile.

We exchanged numbers and went our separate ways.

With seven hours before I had to get Cole from school, I had a lot of time to think. Was Trish really flirting with me or just flirty? Was I seeing something that wasn't there? I've been with four women all of my life and none since before the divorce. I work when Cole is with his mother and when he's with me, that's my focus. I haven't been on one date since the divorce.

I hit the gym, tidied up my place, and then sat down for some TV. I thought about Trish and her soft body. Having her straddle me on the couch. Me pulling down her shirt exposing her luscious tits and diving in. Grabbing each one with my hands, teasing, sucking her nipples. Having her grind against me in ecstasy. Sliding my tongue up her collarbone, to her ear. Licking and nibbling on her ear lobe. Kissing her full lips. Laying her on the couch and peeling down her yoga pants. Pressing my mouth to her mound through her panties. Inhaling her scent, tasting it for the first time. I was in the middle of stroking myself to this fantasy when my phone dinged on the coffee table. It was from Trish.

Trish - Hey, just on my break. Still good for our playdates? 😉

Me - For sure. Looking forward to them. 😀

Trish - Good. Me too. See you then. 

Me - I can't wait. Have a good rest of shift.

Trish - Thank you. It's really dragging on today. Ugh. 😞

I set my phone down, smiling like Cole when he gets new Lego. This was fun! I finished myself off as I thought about Trish.

The afternoon dragged on slowly, but I managed to keep myself busy with mindless tasks until it was time to get Cole.

When I got there, Trish was already at the pickup zone waiting. Wow! She must have come straight from work. She had black dress pants that were nice and tight on her ass and thighs. A tight white button-up dress shirt that was un-done to show her delicious cleavage and black lacy bra. She had red lipstick that made her lips look so plump and full. Her smile was radiant when she saw me.

"Hi Cole's Dad." She practically purred.

"Hello yourself." I replied. "You didn't have to dress up."

She grinned at me "I just got off work, this is just my uniform." She pulled on the bottom of her shirt, exposing more of her bra. "Nothing special here."

"I have to disagree. I see something very special here." Gesturing to her in general, but staring straight into her amazing eyes.

She blushed and was about to say something when our kids ran out to us. Cole jumped up to me and Mary hugged her Mom's legs.

I looked at Trish. "Do you want to break the bad news to them or should I?"

She smiled at me then Mary. "Guess what? We're going to Cole's for a playdate!"

Both Mary and Cole said "Yay!" At the same time. I put Cole down so they could plan.

"I don't live far from here, do you just want to follow me?" I offered.

"Definitely." She smiled, biting her lower lip.

I'm guessing she got the reaction she was looking for when I had a sharp intake of breath at seeing her do that. Her smile grew.

It was an uncomfortable drive for me with a raging hard-on and images of Trish doing horrible things to my cock, but Cole's retelling of his day helped distract me.

We made our way to the park and the kids played soccer while we chatted on a bench.

We had a lot in common; she loves Star Wars (original trilogy is the best), Marvel movies, watching hockey, and is mostly a homebody. She goes to the gym a few days a week like me, not to get buff, just to maintain. She's happy with her curves and so am I.

Trish had been divorced for four years. Her husband had been cheating on her with a coworker and she found out when he got her pregnant. He married her and was probably banging someone else on the side now because he is a scumbag that doesn't learn.

We talked about the fizzle-out of my marriage and how I haven't been motivated to date since.

"Why aren't you out playing the field?" She asked.

"I don't really want to mess around." I said. "Cole has a great mother, so I don't need to replace that part of his life. I guess I was already used to being without a companion before the divorce, so I didn't feel the need to pursue it. I have never been a one night stand person and I don't have time to go on random dates."

She was looking at me with her head tilted to the side. "I completely understand. I've been set-up by friends a few times but when you're 38 there aren't many good guys left."

"You're 38! I was guessing late twenties. You're beautiful. For 28 or any age." I blurted out. She blushed at my compliment and smiled. "Sorry if that was inappropriate, it just had to be said." I blushed a bit myself at the forwardness of my compliment.

The kids came up to us and Cole said they were hungry. We headed up to the condo and I made them peanut butter and banana roll-ups then they went to Cole's room to play Legos.

We sat at the barstools in the kitchen.

"Can I get you something to drink?" I offered. "I've got coffee, water, milk, or beer."

"I'd love a beer, but we'll have to go in a bit so I can make supper. I haven't eaten since breakfast and it would go straight to my head." She replied.

"We could order supper. My treat." I said.

"Are trying to get me drunk?" She asked with a smile.

"No, no. Cole and Mary seem to be having so much fun. Cole doesn't get much kid time when he's here and I think he likes it." I defended.

"What about James?" She asked. "Is he having fun?" A wry smile on her lips.

"James is having a wonderful time. What about Trish?" I countered.

"Trish is enjoying herself too." She said with a smile. "What should we order?"

We asked with the kids and "pizza" was the answer they gave as they ran back to Cole's room. After we ordered and ate, we sat on the balcony overlooking the park enjoying a beer.

"When does Mary go back to her Dad's?" I asked.

"Sunday afternoon he picks her up. I'm off on my weekends and the restaurant is closed Mondays. So I get my groceries and have my me time Sunday evening and Mondays. Why do you ask?" She asked.

"We'll, Cole goes to his mother's Thursday evening because I work Friday, but I have my changeover shift Sunday night and I have to stay up all night." I answered. "I was wondering if you'd have dinner with me Sunday night."

"Like a playdate?" She asked wryly

"Umm, more like a grown-up playdate." I said, a little nervous.

"I thought you didn't date." She replied

"I only said that I don't go out on random dates. I like talking to you and really like being around you." I answered, a little worried.

"I don't know." She replied

My stomach dropped, was I completely misreading things?

She must have seen the look on my face, she smiled.

"Of course I'd like to go on a grown-up playdate with you." She said and reached for my hand. " I really enjoy your company too."

We sat there with her soft hand in mine staring at the sunset. I was idly stroking the back of her hand and she started to stroke the inside of mine. It was sensual. I let my thumb roam across her knuckles and along the path to her thumb. She was gently stroking her nails from the bottom of my palm to the top of my palm. We were both breathing a little heavier. I turned my hand so I was rubbing my thumb along her thumb to her wrist and back. She let out a little breathy moan. I turned to look at her and she looked at me. The same passion reflected in our eyes. She licked her lips. I slightly moaned myself. We started to lean in towards each other, our hands still teasing. Our mouths were four inches apart when Cole came to the patio door "Dad, it's almost my bedtime, we have to start getting ready!"

Trish and I both snapped back to reality, blushing and giggling like a couple of guilty kids.

"Alright little man, I guess it's time for you guys to clean up." I told him

I stood up to usher him out and heard Trish giggle.

I looked at her and asked "What's so funny?"

She pointed at my fully tented shorts and said "You might want to wait for a few minutes"

I sat down, embarrassed. "Sorry, I-uh..."

"Please don't be sorry, it's nice to see I have the same effect on you as you're having on me." She said with a grin

I didn't really process her comment as I was trying to calm myself and get the blood flowing back to it's normal places.

She got up. Running a nail along my shoulder and up to my ear lobe. "You come join us when you're ready. I'll supervise cleanup." She walked through the doors and down the hallway, swinging her hips as she did. I was just staring at those two luscious globes completely transfixed. She stopped and looked back at me making sure that my eyes were following her every move and winked at me as she stepped into Cole's room.

It took me a few minutes to get myself presentable and when I made it into Cole's room, they were just finishing. Cole and I thanked our guests, with the offer of another playdate at Mary's apartment next time. Cole went to get ready for bed and Mary ran to go call the elevator. Trish and I stood at the door staring at each other. "Thank you for coming over. Cole had a great time. So did I." I said, leaning closer to her.

"Thank you for having us" she smiled, leaning closer to me. "We both had a great time too."

Our lips were almost touching. I slid my arm behind her back and pulled her into a kiss. It was electric. Our lips came together, she pushed her hips to mine. Our breathing was heavy and she opened her mouth to mine. She licked my upper lip and pulled away. A sexy smile on her lips. "Talk to you later, Cole's Dad."

"See you Sunday, Mary's Mom." I replied a bit flustered.

She sauntered to the elevator and just before she got in, she turned and winked at me again.

Cole fell asleep while reading to me. I cleaned up the kitchen and prepared his lunch. I was just sitting down to watch Sport Center when my phone dinged.

Trish - I was not expecting that when I woke up today!

Me - Me neither.

Trish - Mary says Cole is her best friend.

Me - Cole didn't say that about Mary.

Trish - Ouch, that's harsh.

Me - He says I'm his best friend! Mary is number 2. 😏

Trish - LOL

Trish - That was some kiss

Me - Was it ever. I wanted to do that all afternoon. No, all week.

Trish - Really? We only met on Tuesday.

Me - About 1 second after I nearly tackled you it was on my mind. 

Trish - Good, because that was about the same time I wanted you to do it.

Me - Wow. I'm surprised.

Trish - Why, you're a handsome man.

Me - Thanks. You're a beautiful woman.

Trish - I wouldn't go that far...

Me - Fishing for compliments?

Trish - Maybe. Being cheated on definitely hurts the self image.

Me - He was-is an idiot. You are one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen.

Trish - I've seen your ex wife, she is beautiful.

Me - No, she is pretty. You are beautiful, you radiate. Your smile. Your eyes. Your assets. 😀

Trish - I've seen you looking, I like it. Makes me feel sexy.

Me - I love the view.

Trish - I was thinking. What if I cooked you supper here on Sunday?

Me - You don't have to. I asked you out. I thought we could go somewhere.
