 Author's note:
Thank you for all of the kind words from chapter one. There will probably be one more chapter after this, but there's also some other stories percolating, so the final chapter might be a while.

*

I woke up completely disoriented. Strange bed, strange sounds. I've always been a heavy sleeper, working a rotating shift of days and nights for nearly 15 years keeps your internal clock guessing. I looked around and it all came back to me. Trish, Trish, and more Trish. The bed was empty and I smiled when I saw that it was only 3pm, I didn't have to be at work for nearly three hours.

I went to the washroom and brushed my teeth. When I got back into the bedroom, Trish was sitting on the edge of her bed wearing only her robe. "Good morning, James." She purred, smiling at me.

God, the way she said my name was hot. My cock started to grow. "Good morning, sexy." I returned.

I walked towards the bed and gently brought her face to mine, giving her a long, sensual kiss. "Mmmmmm. I've been waiting for that for hours. You don't know how hard it was for me to let you sleep." She told me, as she undid her robe and let it slide off of her shoulders.

I reached for her breasts and leaned down to suck a nipple into my mouth. "How can I ever thank you?" I asked, as I crossed over to the other nipple.

She was holding the back of my head, stroking my neck with her fingers. "I think you're off to a great start." She moaned.

I raised my head to kiss her again, dropping one hand down to her pussy. She was already wet. I started to slide my middle into finger into her, while stroking her clit with my thumb. She broke our kiss and laid back on her bed. Giving little gasps of pleasure as I worked my finger deeper. "James... James... Oh James!" She gasped.

Her shoulders were lifting and dropping on the bed. I worked my index finger inside her to join my middle finger. She was grabbing at the sheets, balling them up in her fists. I worked my fingers in faster and deeper dragging my fingertips inside her with every withdrawal.

I bent down to give her a long, passionate kiss. "Come for me, Trish." I whispered into her ear and licked her earlobe. As I twisted my fingers around inside her and pressed my thumb down on her clit. She came. Letting out a groan that climbed into a barely audible squeak. Her juices flowed into my hand that I slowly withdrew and tasted. 

She was still humping the air and I positioned myself between her legs. I used one hand to hold her hips steady as I ran my cock along her wet slit. Trish was still finishing riding the waves of her orgasm when I pushed my cock into her. She let out a long "Ohhhhhhhhh." As I started to stroke into her. I wasn't giving her time to recover and I could feel her orgasm increasing again. My strokes were getting longer and longer until I was sliding my full length in and out of her. Her pussy muscles were spasming all over my cock. She was thrashing on the bed her head moving side to side, her hair a golden blur. She was moaning, gasping, panting, and shrieking. 

There was no way I could make this last. I tried to keep a steady pace, but this was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. This woman - my woman was having the greatest orgasm ever, and it was because of me! I pushed myself in with one final stroke, I started to pump my load into Trish and she exploded. Her juices, mixed with mine flowed out of her, her whole body bucked and then went completely rigid. Only her ass and head were touching the bed. I was still standing at the foot of the bed, seeing her go completely limp, with a big smile on my face. 

"You bastard!" She panted at me with a smile.

"That wasn't pleasurable?" I asked, still smiling.

She sighed. "I can't move. I need water. Please babe." She asked, her breathing still ragged

I pushed her up the bed a bit and stepped away, my deflated cock fell out of her. Her body trembled slightly. Our juices pouring out of her to the bed. "Sorry about your sheets." I apologized handing her a water bottle.

She gulped down the entire bottle, "They're washable. It's a small price to pay for... whatever that was." She replied, smiling at me.

"I'm pretty sure that was called an orgasm." I replied as I laid next to her on the bed, placing a hand on her stomach tracing circles around her belly button.

"No, last night was an orgasm, that was... that was next level!." She said sighing. "If there's a level after that, I might die!" She added, giggling.

"I can't have that happen. I kind of like you" I said. "Besides, that would be an awkward conversation with the police." I said straight faced.

Trish laughed. "I hope it's more than kind of."

I drew her into a kiss. "Much, much more." I said after. She snuggled up to me. "What time do you have to leave for work?"

"I should probably leave before 5. I have to pick up lunch on my way in." I replied.

"No you don't, since you kept me out of the kitchen until late last night, I never got make you supper. While you were sleeping, I made chicken alfredo for your lunch!" She said with a big smile on her face. "I have to take care of my man, since he took such good care of me last night.. and today!"

I kissed her. "Thank you." I said afterwards.

We snuggled for a little while. Kissing occasionally. "So, what's our plan?" I asked.

"What do you mean?" She asked.

"Our kids. We pretty much have to tell the kids at the same time that we're dating, but I have Cole again starting Wednesday after school until Sunday evening, and you don't have Mary until Sunday evening." I said. Then added. "I want to see you, a lot, before we both have our kids at the same time again."

"You are so sweet, I hadn't thought that far ahead." She said. Kissing me.

"There's also our exes." I added. "I know Lauren won't care, she's been dating someone for a while, but I should tell her before Cole does. What about your ex?" I asked.

"Fuck him, he can find out when Mary tells him." She scoffed.

"Alright, so back to the kids... What if you come with me to pick up Cole one day this week and we can tell them both. Afterwards you can come home with us, if you'd like to." I offered.

"I'd love to, baby." Trish replied. "Thursday is better for me though. Wednesdays are always difficult for me to get out on time."

"Does that mean I won't see you until Thursday?" I asked, pretending to pout.

"You can't wait a few days to see me?" She asked with a grin. Stroking a finger lightly down my chest.

"Beautiful, I don't even want to go to work tonight." I told her.

"You could stay, I could ride you all night." She said, her finger reaching my cock.

"I would love nothing more than that, but I can't. It would eat at my conscience too much. Sometimes being a grown up is tough." I groaned. Trish was now stroking my cock with one finger.

"I guess you could come over after work tomorrow morning. I could get up early for you." She said, now she was gently stroking my stiffening cock in her hand.

"That sounds nice." I said. "And that feels nice too." I leaned over to kiss her. My cock was fully erect in her hand, ready for another round.

Trish let go of my cock and rolled onto her stomach. She got on all fours and looked at me. "What are you waiting for?" She asked with a devilish smile.

I got in position behind her and lined myself up. She was so wet, I rubbed my head against her slit a couple times and then pushed in. I was trying to take it slow, but Trish had other plans. As I was taking my second stroke, Trish pushed back onto me, I bottomed out in barely two strokes and she was shaking from a small orgasm.

I grabbed her ass, just enjoying the feeling of her flesh in my hands. I slid my hands up to her hips and pulled her even tighter to me. Trish let out a deep moan as I held her there for a moment and she wiggled her hips. I started to give her short deep thrusts starting to extend them until I was nearly out of her before driving my full length in again pulling her onto me hard with every thrust. I started to change my timing so she didn't know when the next thrust would come.

She was whimpering and dropped her chest to the bed pushing her beautiful ass back at me. I changed my angle a bit and began to pound into her harder and faster, my balls bouncing off of her clit. The sound of our thighs slapping were overridden by the sounds of her moaning wails. She started to cum and I kept going.

Trish was gasping "Yes.Yes.Yes." I could feel myself getting close to climax. She couldn't keep a rhythm any more and she was just shaking and her pussy muscles were convulsing on my cock. I pushed in as deep as I could and pulled her as tight to me so I could and let my orgasm take me. I dropped my hands to the bed to support me while the aftershocks passed through me.

Trish collapsed to the bed and kept squirming beneath me. I fell to the bed beside her and drew her close to me. Once our breathing was back to normal, Trish mentioned the time. "Sweetheart, you need to get ready soon. Go shower."

I reluctantly rose from the bed after kissing her and had a quick shower. Trish was gone when I came back, so I got dressed and headed to see her in the kitchen. She was just wearing her robe again looked thoroughly satisfied. "My poor little kitty has never had this much of a workout. I'm almost glad you have to go to work so she can have a rest." She smiled.

"I think I can say the same for my cock, definitely the most action he's seen." I said with a chuckle. "How do these young kids do it?" I asked.

"Clumsily." She stated with a smile.

She handed me lunch in a container and a brown baggy as well. "You didn't eat breakfast. I made you a chicken sandwich."

I put the food on the counter and pulled her to me. I gave her a long, deep, meaningful kiss. "Thank you, you're amazing." I said.

She gave me an amazing smile, her eyes shining bright. "You are very welcome." She replied.

We kissed at her door as I was leaving, I brushed a thumb over her nipple, causing her to shiver, and I was off to work. The sandwich was amazing, I wolfed it down on my drive. I didn't realize how hungry I was. I got to work and sent Trish a quick message.

Me - That was an amazing sandwich, thank you again.

Trish - You're welcome. I like taking care of ALL of my man's needs. 😘 Have a great night.

The first half of my night flew by, the chicken alfredo was delicious, that woman could cook. Trish sent me a message during the evening

Trish - I'm off to bed, alone. ☹️ I can't wait until morning.🥰 Goodnight.

The second half was slower and I had time to think about how my life had changed over the past week. I went from single to, if I had to be honest with myself, falling in love with an amazing woman. She was fun, sexy, smart, sexy, and sexy. We were more sexually compatible than I could have imagined.

Lauren and I were good together in bed, but there was never the same level of passion that I experienced with Trish. I knew we couldn't keep this level of sex up for too long, but I wasn't worried about the passion fading. I also wasn't worried about getting hurt, or hurting her. I could tell Trish was still recovering from her ex husband cheating on her and couldn't put someone else through that. I also know that it just isn't in me to betray someone's love and trust. 

My only real concern was how things could affect Cole and Mary. They both seemed fine with the thought of Trish and I dating, Cole wants me to marry her so he can play with Mary all the time. Mary is a sweet girl, and Trish says she's on board too. I knew I was probably overthinking things, but I've never been in a new relationship after having a child or children to consider as well. This woman had me thinking of second chance that I never considered could exist.

By the time my shift was over, I had decided to take things as they come with Trish. For the next day, month, year, or years I wanted to make her as happy as she made me. Cole was number one, by a large margin, but Trish was sitting in a very comfortable second place.

I drove to Trish's and wondered if she was awake yet, all of the lights were still off. As I approached the door it swung open to reveal my goddess. Trish was wearing a long dark t-shirt that went nearly to her knees. She greeted me with a smile and a kiss. I presented her with her washed container when we parted to breathe. "Ooohhh, washed and everything. Did you like it?" She asked.

"I loved it. It was absolutely the best I've had." I smiled. "Just like a chef."

"I'm so glad you liked it, and since you brought the container back, I'll give you another for tonight." She smiled as she set the container down.

"You didn't have to..." I started to say, but she cut me off.

"Don't even. You are my man now! I don't have to, I want to. It doesn't take much for me to put some extra into a container, and if it makes you happy, it's worth it." She said firmly but with a smile.

"I think you are possibly the greatest woman to walk this planet!" I said, grinning in awe.

"Good." She replied with a smile. "Can we go snuggle now? I have never felt so lonely than I did last night, and my man needs to fix that." With that she started up the stairs.

I stood there, appreciating the view before following her up. She was just crawling into her bed, naked when I got there. I removed my clothes and crawled in with her. "What time do you have to start getting ready?" I asked.

"My shift starts at 9:30. I have to be out of bed by 8:30. That leaves us two hours to snuggle." She giggled.

I slid in behind her and we spooned. It was so nice to have someone to hold. "This is what I was missing last night." Trish sighed contentedly.

"This is what I have been missing for years." I sighed. "You are the perfect little spoon."

"God! How do you always do that?" Trish asked.

"Do what?" I asked back.

"Say something that is on my mind but I'm too scared to say." She answered.

"Why are you scared?" I asked her.

"I don't want to scare you away, being to mushy or clingy." She replied a little timidly.

"Trish, you amaze me." I said, then kissed her shoulder. "Not even ten minutes ago, you called me your man and it only made me smile. We both know that there is something very special between us. Please don't hold back from me."

She rolled over to face me, a single tear running down her cheek. I reached my hand up and wiped it away with my thumb. We were starting into each other's eyes. "James, I'm falling in love with you, and it scares me. It scares me because it's all happening so fast. It scares me because I don't want to get hurt. It scares me because we both have children and I don't want them to get hurt. I've had so much hurt from Mike, my ex, that I'm scared to give someone another chance to hurt me." She said in a sad whisper. More tears were running down her cheek.

I rubbed the tears away and kissed her. It wasn't a kiss of passion, it was a kiss of compassion, and love. "Trish." I said, tears forming in my own eyes. "I love you." I said. "I'm scared about all of those things too. I can promise that I will never, ever hurt you the way Mike did. This is really fast, I know, but every fibre of my being is telling me that you are what my life has been leading to. I felt a bolt of lightning blow through me the first time we touched and I can only describe it as cupid with a taser. I want to take a chance with you, if you'll take a chance with me." I finished. I was truly speaking from the heart. My brain was processing everything I said after the fact. I knew I meant every word. I scanned Trish's face trying to see if I had said too much, scared her away. Did I scare her by professing my love for her? She didn't respond for at least 30 seconds. It was like she was frozen in time. I was about to say something when she finally responded.

"James." She croaked, then cleared her throat. "James, I love you too." She kissed me, I felt myself melt into her kiss.

As if in perfect synch, she pulled me and I pushed her so I was above her between her legs. My cock was at her entrance, she reached down, pulling me into her by my hips. I met very little resistance as I entered her. One long slow stroke and I was embedded in the woman I loved. She gasped when I was at the end of my stroke. Trish curled her arms and legs around me, pulling us together. She was rocking her hips gently keeping me deep inside her. I finally broke our kiss so I could look into her eyes, sharing in the moment. I took my left arm and slid it under the small of her back, my nose was just touching hers. "I love you." I said again, staring into her eyes. 

She tried to speak, but she was starting to cum and only a moan came out. She had stopped moving her hips, so I started to move mine, slowly. She was riding wave after wave of her orgasm, I could see it in her face, feel it around my cock. I was amazed at how in tune I was with her body. I could already feel my own orgasm starting deep in my loins but I wanted to keep this going forever. I didn't change my pace, I just kept the slow movement of my hips. Trish just kept cumming, her soft moans drawing my orgasm up further. I kissed her again trying to pour all of the love I felt for her into it. Trish pulled me into her completely and my orgasm washed over me. After I had emptied myself it didn't stop. My body kept riding the slow, steady wave and it felt like it lasted for minutes.

We stayed attached for some time, looking into each other's eyes. "I love you, too." Trish finally responded with a smile.

We still had an hour before we had to get up again and Trish became my perfect little spoon again. I don't know if Trish fell asleep, but I did. The next thing I knew, she was gently kissing my lips telling me she had to go soon. She had already showered and dressed. I got prepared to leave and she handed me my lunch. "Same time tomorrow, my love?" She asked.

"Count on it." I affirmed. "I love you." 

"I love you too. It feels so good to say!" She returned.

"Yes it does." I kissed her, grabbing her ass. 

"That feels good too! I love you." With that, I was out the door.

I got home and passed out until my alarm woke me at 4pm. I got ready for work and checked my phone.

Trish - I'm having such a great day! Like walking on a cloud. I love you. 🥰

Me - That's great. I had an amazing morning. I love you too. 🥰

I went to work, had a great shift. Trish sent me a quick message.

Trish - I hope you have an amazing night. See you on the morning. Goodnight. I love you.

Usually after my last night shift I'm just excited to be done for the week and getting to spend time with my son. Now I had more to look forward to. 

I got to Trish's and she opened the door for me as I approached again. She had the same long shirt on again and she just looked so sexy. I pulled her into a big hug and kiss after putting down her washed container. I reached under her shirt to grab her ass and give it a squeeze. She wasn't wearing any panties! She was already undoing my pants, I stepped out of them as they dropped to the floor. We broke our kiss long enough to pull our shirts off over our heads and for me to drop my underwear. Our mouths reconnected and she pulled me by the cock to her couch. 

"I missed you." I said as I leaned my head down to pull a nipple into my mouth while I massaged her breast. I slid my other hand down along her body from her shoulder to her pussy, raking my fingers as I went.

"Mmmmmm, I missed you too." She purred, slowly stroking my cock.

I started to rub my finger along her lips, she was soaking wet. I lubed up my finger and slid it in just a little and just kept penetrating her with the tip of my finger like I was pressing a button. She stopped stroking me and leaned her head back, little gasps and sighs of pleasure escaping her mouth as my fingertip kept penetrating and withdrawing. 
