 I came home from working all night at the convenience store. I was tired and needed a shower. It was about eight in the morning. My room mates car was gone, he worked for a large retail store and usually went to work early on Saturdays. 

I went straight to my room and got out of my work clothes and into my bath robe. I went to the kitchen and made myself some tea and toasted a bagel. While I waited for the toaster, I washed the dishes in the sink. 

Blaine my room mate must have had his girl friend Corina come over the evening before. There were two of all the dishes including two glasses, one with lip stick on the rim. I ate my bagel and drank some of the tea and headed for the shower. 

The hot water felt good and put some life back into me. I washed up and gave myself a few more strokes than were necessary when I washed my cock and balls. 

I stroked just enough to start getting myself hard. I thought about stroking myself off, but I was too tired and the water would be cold by the time I finished. 

I got out of the shower put on my robe again and went into the living room. I turned on the television. I couldn't find anything I wanted to watch. I turned the tube off and picked up my guitar and slouched back on the couch. I put my left foot up on the coffee table and started strumming. 

Before long I was sound asleep. I started having the best dream. I was getting the best head of my life. I was getting my cock sucked and licked. My balls were being gently squeezed. 

I was really enjoying that dream. Then I woke with a start. I looked down and saw a paight of brown hair and a pair of familiar brown eyes. 

"What are you doing I asked?" 

"If you don't know I am not telling was Corina's answer. I was so startled to see Corina kneeling on the floor between my legs with my cock in her hand and mouth. 

"I know what, you're doing, but why are you doing it to me?" 

"Because you're hot and I am horny." 

"But you're Blaine's girl friend was all I could think to say." 

"He knows I am a slut and fuck who I want, as long as he gets all he wants he doesn't care." 

"You put on a good show in the shower." "I was disappointed you didn't jack off for me." "I thought you were going to but you stopped."

My voice went high pitched. "You watched me in the shower?" 

"Yeah, I was worried that your dick might be really small when I first saw it, but then you stroked it and it grew." 

"OH good I am glad I measure up I said with my voice still high pitched." 

"Your not as big as Blaine, but your easier to deep throat than he is." 

All the time we were talking Corina was stroking my cock slowly. I opened my mouth to say something else but Corina took my whole cock into her mouth and all that came out of my mouth was a startled and elongated AAh. 

Corina bobbed her head up and down dragging her tongue up and down on the vein on the bottom of my cock shaft. She stopped and sucked on the head of my cock and then raised her head up and asked me if I wanted her to stop sucking me. 

I wasn't sure we should be doing this, but I was sure I didn't want her to stop. "No please keep going was my answer." 

Corina stood up and dropped the towel she had warped around her. I was so shocked that I didn't even realize that is all she had on. She stepped over my leg and laid on her stomach on the couch. 

I looked her over as she did. She had small breasts that hung down just a little. Her nipples were dark red and poked out just begging to be sucked. Her fur patch was just a small brown strip. Her skin was tight and smooth. 

Corina put her head over my cock and took the whole thing down her throat. I ran my hand down her back and over her ass. I leaned over and grabbed one of her ass cheeks. 

Corina must have put the condom on me while I was caressing her ass. I heard her say it was her turn and she stood up. Before I could say wet pussy I was buried balls deep in hers.

Corina had her back towards me. she reached down and took hold of my hands. She placed one on one of her breast and the other on her pussy and said "play me like your guitar. 

" I strummed her clit and fingered her nipples until she was moaning a truly sexy tune. She closed her legs leaned back against me and rock and rolled through her first climax. 

After Corina stopped shaking she got up and pushed the magazines off the coffee table and laid down on it and said "now fuck me hard.

"I did as I was told and got between her legs I buried my cock deep in her. I bent down and sucked on one of her nipples and then started fucking her hard and slow. I built up speed slowly until my balls were slapping her tight ass. She came again and I came about 10 strokes after her.

We stayed there on the coffee table until my cock stopped twitching. We got on the couch and snuggled up. 

I fell asleep. When I woke up Corina was dressed and standing beside me. She bent down and gave me a kiss on the cheek and said she had to go home and get ready for work. 

"Next time we fuck you can eat my pussy she said." After Corina left I got up and took another shower cleaned up the living room and went to bed not believing what had happened and hoping it would happen again.