 I leaned up against the wall studying him quietly. His hair hung in loose thick strands of dark mahogany around his shoulders. His numerous tattoos, adorning those long sleek arms that I'd grown to love so much, really looked gorgeous in the sunlight. He wasn't wearing a shirt as per usual and his muscular legs were clad in blue jeans and propped up on the coffee table, his ankles crossed. The TV was playing music quietly, but the screen was blank, making sense really considering his head was mostly buried in his lap, pen in hand. What a delicious looking creature he was, dark, mysterious and oh so deep looking as he sat there lost in his own thoughts.

Lifting the pen to his lips, he looked up, obviously pondering. He would stare ahead at the wall a while before looking down again, continuing with his writing. I was extremely curious to know what he was up to, but didn't want to disturb him and therefore just stood there quietly, staring a while longer.

He shifted position allowing me to get a better view of him. When I saw the way he ran the pen over his lips, it was like a lightening bolt had struck me full force. There was the perfect picture of eroticism directly in front of me and all I could do was stare at him. I felt that familiar stirring between my legs again; that heat which I was becoming very familiar with every time I laid eyes upon him it seemed. It was as if he were seducing that pen, his lips touching it, his fingers holding it a certain way. 

'Jesus Christ, he's fucking delicious!' I thought.

I closed my eyes, resting my head against the wall, thinking back to the night before; the way he'd touched me, kissed me and spent so much of his time looking after my wants and needs. It had been incredible, our lovemaking lasting hours as he ravished my body this way and that. I inadvertently slipped my hand under my t-shirt simulating his touches from the night before. Cupping my breast just like he would, I ran my fingers over my now taut nipple, pinching and squeezing it just like he'd done. I was getting lost in my own thoughts, moaning quietly to myself and my own touch, as my mind wandered to him and what a thrill it had all been. 

I opened my eyes slightly to look at him, to make sure he was still where he was supposed to be. He was staring at the wall again, still obviously deep in thought. My body was responding with wicked intensity at the thought of him being right there, just across the room from me. To think he didn't have a clue what I was doing. I watched him lower his head once more, his pen hitting the paper. I closed my eyes again, resuming and becoming consumed once more with my inner thoughts. 

I was aching between my legs, my pussy throbbing and getting wetter with each passing minute. I could literally feel it seeping into my panties as I stood there, squeezing my legs tightly together. I'd been resisting the urge to touch myself, but knowing he was definitely preoccupied made me slip my other hand into my panties, working my fingers into the moistness I found there. My fingertip found my swollen clit quickly and I rubbed it in circles, gently at first then with more pressure, my mind still wandering to him and our night together. I felt so naughty doing this behind him. 

Feeling my climax approaching quickly, I looked up, finding him still busy. 

'Thank Christ!' I thought with a relief. 

I writhed and arched against my own touch, my one hand still grabbing and pulling at my nipples, the fingers of my other hand now dipping into the warmth of my wet pussy imagining his thick cock sliding into me. My finger was attacking my clit furiously; I was quickly rubbing myself to a frenzied euphoria when his voice suddenly startled me back to reality.

"What are you doing?" he asked calmly, still staring at the wall.

My eyes flew open and I yanked my hand from between my legs. 'Jesus Christ!' I thought, in absolute panic.

"N-nothing," I stammered. 'For fuck's sake!' I thought. 'How in the hell does he know I'm even here? He hasn't moved an inch!' 

"Mmhmm," he said, still staring at the wall. "Your hands were doing something," he continued, his voice still so calm.

My mind was in a whirlwind. 'How had he caught me?' I questioned. Noticing my one hand still under my t-shirt, still cupping my breast, I quickly moved it to my side. "I was scratching, right here on my side," I answered him, trying to compose myself, thinking of any excuse I could think of, as to what I'd been doing.

Only now did he turn around to look at me, his blue eyes piercing. "Come here," he instructed.

Wiping my slippery fingers across the back of my panties, I headed towards him hoping he wouldn't see the flush to my skin.

I was standing in front of him, when he suddenly reached for me, grabbing me by the arm and yanking me roughly towards him. He'd aimed my body straight for the back of the couch and in no time my belly was pushed up flat against the back of it. It one graceful movement he was behind me, his legs wedged between mine, his hips pushed up tight against my bottom.

"I asked you what you were doing?" he continued, his voice suddenly sounding harsh against my ear.

"I-I'm itchy," I stammered. "My skin must be getting dry or something."

"Is that right," he said matter-of-factly as his hand slipped inside the leg of my panties without warning. "You're not dry here are you?" he announced. 

'Now what? Now what the hell do I say?' I panicked. "I, um, I-I've been..." I stuttered, sounding like a complete idiot.

"Uh huh, I know what you've been doing," he whispered hotly against my ear. "I saw you....in the TV!"

I felt defeated, but at the same time there was a certain thrill that was raging through me, an excitement that was unimaginable. 

'He'd seen me playing with myself,' I thought with a rush. 'What a total turn on!' 

My heart was pounding at the very thought of the situation I was now in. My pussy ached, my nipples hardening as I leaned against the couch and my breath was becoming more ragged with each breath I took. He had me in a predicament and I fucking loved it. 

"Take 'em off," he said his voice low and sharp.

My heart skipping a beat. "What?" I question him demurely.

Easing his body away from mine slightly, he spoke to me again. "I told you to take these fucking things off." His voice was rigid as he hooked his fingers into the back of my panties giving them a quick snap.

I turned my head around to look up at him. Grabbing the sides of my panties to hold them up I shook my head in protest. 

"You're a slow fucking learner aren't you?" he growled intensely against my ear. 

Suddenly, I felt him ripping the cotton fabric down my thighs, swiftly pulling them under my knees and over my feet. Immediately he slammed his body back up against mine, taking my breath away. My breathing came in short pants as I struggled to get air into my lungs. He was pushed up so tightly against me, holding me in place while his strong thighs spread my legs wide apart. I could feel him reaching down; rubbing his fingers over my now exposed pussy as I desperately tried to squeeze my knees together, anything to avoid him feeling how excited I had been. It was useless, his thighs like steel between my legs. 

"Holy fuck," he stated hotly against my ear. His fingers easily slid into the warmth he found there. 

His hand was rough as he pushed his fingers deep inside me, rotating them slowly before rubbing his fingertips over my g-spot. 

'What the hell is he up to,' I thought in utter confusion. 'Nice one minute, not the next!'

Either way, I couldn't help but relish in the feeling of his fingers hitting that sensitive spot inside me. I closed my eyes, arching my back slightly so he could have better access. 

"Tell me what you want," he suddenly asked his voice deep and hoarse with lust. 

Having an impossible stubborn streak and hearing the desire in his voice, I didn't answer him. I wasn't about to tell him it was his hard cock I wanted inside me, not just his fingers. 

'Damnit,' I thought as my ass gave it all away, inadvertently wiggling against his touch and the sheer excitement his fingers were giving me. 

I heard him chuckle then pull his hand from between my legs.

"I don't fucking think so," he chortled. "You can't even answer me." He left my body aching and throbbing from the void it now felt.

Grabbing both my wrists hard and pulling them together. He easily held my arms tightly against my back, his large hand holding them firmly in place. 

'What the hell?' I thought in utter defiance. 

With a struggle, I tried to get my arms free. It was next to impossible as he just held them tighter, pushing my arms further into my lower back and twisting them slightly. 

"Don't God damned move," he warned me. 

I could feel him undoing his zipper with his free hand and could only imagine the look of amusement and satisfaction on his face as he slowly and deliberately pulled his cock from his pants. 

"Is this what you want?" he asked me point blank. 

I could feel him holding it, rubbing it over my pussy. 'Hell yes!' I thought. What a feeling that was, the velvety head rubbing over my folds, just on the verge of him slipping it into me. 

"I can feel how much you want it," he growled against the back of my neck. "Just say it!" he urged. 

He wanted it as much as I did. It was rather obvious, his cock feeling like a steel rod between my legs. Other ideas were coursing though my head though. 

'My turn to play with him a bit,' I mused. 'I'm not saying a thing,' I thought steadily. 'I'll stay completely quiet and see what he does.' I could feel his tongue lapping wet trails up the back of my neck, kissing me over those sensitive places. 'Could he feel how much wetter I was, just from his mouth running over me, his cock rubbing against me?' I wondered. 'Could he tell how I so desperately wanted to push my hips back into him, to feel him slowly sliding into me?' I thought. I'm sure he could! Still, I continued with my stubborn silence.

"For fuck sakes," he suddenly yelled loudly, "if you aren't going to say it, I'll just fuck you any way I feel like then." His cock was slippery from rubbing up against me and he easily slid it from my pussy directly to my ass. "How about here?!" 

With a sudden shriek, I clamped my ass cheeks together. "NO!" I screamed back at him sharply. "Don't. Not there!"

He let out a laugh as he held his cock in place. "Ah," he said sarcastically, "she does know how to speak." I could feel him pushing forward slightly, just enough for me to feel the pressure of him trying to enter me. 

"Oh my God," I shrieked. "I'm sorry! I'll answer you next time."

"Mmm, you can be a good girl if you want to be, can't you?" he whispered against my ear again. 

I let out a sigh of relief. 

"Now tell me this time and make sure I hear you clearly. What...do...you...want?" His last few words were staggered and precise when he spoke.

'He's going to make me beg for it,' I thought. 'Christ!' Turning around to look at him, I had a challenging look plastered across my face as I peered into his blue eyes. 

"I...want...you...to...fuck...me," I answered him, my tone slightly cool and rather calculated.

"Do you now sweetheart," he replied with a smirk. He grabbed a handful of my hair, pulling my head back sharply and getting straight to the point. "If you want anything from me, the first thing you can do is drop the fucking attitude and wipe that look off your face." 

"Ouch," I cried out, feeling the strands of my hair tightly wrapped in his fingers. I quickly erased the cocky attitude and smarmy look I'd had. "Okay!" I said.

"That's better," he said, his eyes still locked on mine. Bending forward slightly, he gently licked a wet trail over my lips. He had my body reacting in complete confusion. He was being cruel, yet kind all at the same time. I loved it! 

He loved playing this game as much as I did. It was slightly obvious, his cock throbbing between my legs. Having played it many times before, we knew the boundaries to which each other would go and he finally loosened his grip on my hair, sliding his cock back to where I wanted it to be. 

"So you want it here then?" he questioned me one last time, his breath hot against my cheek. 

I turned my head, my lips brushing against his as I spoke. "Yes," I informed him, "I want it there and for you to fuck me. I want you to fuck me hard. I want you to make me come." Raising my eyebrow, I finished my sentence. "Twice!" 

"God damn," he said. "That won't be a problem." A wicked grin swept across his face as he brought his teeth down on my shoulder. He continued to bite down on me as he eased himself out of his jeans. 

Back up behind me again, his hands wandered at will over my body. His fingers dug into me as he squeezed my ass, my hips, his hands running down my stomach and further, till his fingertips brushed the edges of my pussy. He'd hover there a while before sliding his hands back over my hips and running them down my thighs. I could feel his nails scratching me, probably leaving red marks, heating me up on the inside as well as making my skin feel as if it were on fire. 

"Fuck you have incredible legs," he told me. "Close them." 

I wondered what he was up to. "You want me to close my legs?" I questioned him.

"Just close them," he said through clenched teeth his mouth still pressed against my shoulder.

Wondering just how on earth he was going to manage certain things, I tensed in preparation as he clamped his knees on either side of mine, making sure my legs were held tightly together. 

He was remarkably gentle as he pushed his cock between my legs, pushing the tip into me slightly before pausing briefly. 

"Wet is definitely good," he groaned. "Wet and really fucking tight."

Finally thrusting hard, he plunged deep inside me with a guttural cry. I let out a gasp as he instantly stretched me open, filling me up with every inch of his cock. It was much more pleasurable then painful, I realized, and he seemed to sense this as his hips began a slow rhythm behind me. 

"Feels good doesn't it?"

I couldn't believe quite how good it did feel actually, this new position for us. My legs were always open when we did it this way, his always between mine. It was amazing how much more of him I felt, it the other way around for a change. 

"Oh God yes," I managed as his hips started moving against me, his thrusting becoming more determined.

His breath was hot and his breathing heavy against my hair as he forcefully pumped into me. "Ah fuck yeah, I knew you'd like it," he groaned into my neck. "Just feel it. Feel my cock fucking you like this." 

He grabbed my hand pushing it between my legs and held it there. I could feel my body grabbing onto him, holding onto him tightly as he thrust in and out of me. 

"See how tight you are? Can you feel it baby," he continued. 

I could definitely feel it. His cock felt huge sliding into me. "Yes," I sighed, barely audible as his hips slapped up against my ass.

"Oh fuck me! I can," he moaned, his breath coming in short pants. "Fuck, yeah..."

I could feel him running his tongue over his lips as he spoke his feverish words. His fingers still splayed over mine between my legs, holding me tight. 

"Play with yourself babe, just like you were before. God damn, you almost made me come watching you. I want to feel your fingers on your pussy while I fuck you. No more imagining. Come on, do it. Let me feel it."

I was bombarded with his sudden onslaught of requests, but complied; my fingertip flicking over my clit again like it had done before. I loved doing this to myself while he was deep inside me. He held my thighs open slightly, his fingers digging into the tender flesh as I continued my assault on myself. It appeared all parts of me were connected, from the insides of my thighs where his hands were to everything in between. 

After a while, he grabbed my hand, sliding it further back, where I wrapped my fingers around the base of his cock as he pushed into me with a vengeance. It was a remarkable feeling his whole length sliding through my palm before plunging into me. His own fingers had replaced mine, rubbing my clit gently at first then grabbing it between his fingers and pinching it with more pressure. He was bringing me close to the edge with every movement of his hips, that and his continual murmurings.

I felt like he was splitting me in two as his hand came up and pushed on the back of my neck, bending me forward slightly so he could get deeper inside me, his pounding relentless. It felt good, every inch of him now thrusting inside me.

"Oh baby, make me come," I begged, his hands and cock together taking me there, so close to going over the edge. "Only you can ... Oh God," I sighed. 

I couldn't help it, the words just spilling from my mouth as if I were possessed or something as he urged me on, asking me to tell him, to tell him what I wanted. 

"Babe, don't stop," I said. "Keep fucking me like that," I urged him. "Yes like that, but harder. Please!" 

I wanted him to fuck me hard, one hand grabbing around his tight ass urging him on as my other hand slid from between my legs and reached under my top to squeeze my own nipples hard. I let him to do the rest of the work as he thrust into me hard and forcefully, just the way I wanted it. His cock was sliding into me easier as my orgasm approached, his fingers still pinching my clit, a lot rougher then when he started. He had a firm grip on my hair, holding me down with what appeared to be no intention of letting me up any time soon. 

It hit me like nothing I'd felt for a long time, rolling in waves through my body, up my legs and into my stomach, making my breasts ache, forcing me to squeeze my nipples even harder then I had been before. I could hear his groans as he continued to fuck me, knowing I was on the verge of coming. His hand never left my pussy as he continued to rub and finger my clit through what seemed like an endless climax. 

'What the hell is happening to me?' I thought as I was blasted by this strange and overwhelming sensation. It felt like my orgasm had started and had just forgotten to go away. With my legs clamped around his hand, he just kept playing with me as one rolled into another, over and over again. My toes were curling at the intensity of it all, my body convulsing against his. I couldn't handle it and grabbed his wrist to pull his hand away. What a useless motion, my strength nothing compared to his. 

Eventually, he pulled my head back up. I could feel the smile crossing his face as his lips pressed close to my ear. He was getting a kick out of it all. Through all the confusion and sheer ecstasy my body was experiencing, I'd figured out this had been his plan all along. This was the reason for my legs being held so closely together, for him to be fucking me from behind to hit that g-spot dead on with his thrusting. He knew that once things got started, I'd clamp my thighs around his hand like a vice and this would stop me wiggling from his grasp, which is what I had a tendency to do during my usually rather intense everyday orgasms. He knew me well! 

"Had enough yet?" I heard him asking me. 

I couldn't speak, or do much of anything it seemed as he waited patiently for my reply. I was completely at his mercy, and he knew it, stuck between him and the couch, his body so much bigger then mine, him holding me so tightly with his thighs still squeezing my legs together. I just continued to roll with it, relishing in this delicious torture till he decided for himself that I'd probably had enough. 

His fingers finally left my sensitive clit and he simultaneously stopped thrusting into me quite so hard, his hips taking on a much slower and calculated pace instead. I felt exhausted as my body continued to shudder against his, my climax not completely having subsided yet. 
