 I'm a pretty regular guy. Leading a regular life. If ever I win a contest, or a lottery, I'd be the one exclaiming "Wow, I've never won anything like that in my entire life," as the balloons come falling from the ceiling as I accept some oversized check with my name on it. 

I'm an honest guy, doing an honest living, albeit in a mundane, dead-end kinda job. But hey, when it comes to delivering supplies to the food service industry "just in time", I'm the guy.

Ever wonder what the secret ingredients are that make those Hooters wings so good? Of course that's the main reason you go to Hooters, right? I could actually tell you what they are. Your local Hooters depends on the local shmuck like me to make sure it's got what it needs to mix that sauce up so nice and tasty. 

I like the Hooters folks. Pretty friendly. I could never work there since I don't have the tits for it, I remember when those guys sued the restaurant chain because he thought their hiring practices were discriminatory. I tell you what, if I'm going into a Hooters and one of those jagoffs sauntered up to my table saying, "Hi, I'm Jimmy, I'll be taking care of you guys tonight," I'd be asking for my fuckin' money back! 

So instead I'm Deliver The Food Supplies Guy. I wheel up boxes of my "I could tell you but I'd have to shoot you" secret Hooters wings ingredients on my Honest Guy dolly and give the back door a little rap. Now what usually happens is some buxom beauty, who for some reason doesn't exactly give me the "May I Take Your Order" smile the customers get, opens up the door with little regard, not unpleasant, but not exactly, you know, friendly, and lets me on in to drop off my "stuff". 

Today was a little different. When I knocked on this otherwise uneventful Monday night there was no answer. I thought for a minute maybe no one was there. I had lost track since I usually delivered during the day and wasn't sure of the hours. I turned the knob and saw that it was unlocked. I opened up the door and gave a little "Hello?" Under other circumstances "Hello" might have been followed by an "is anybody home?" Somebody was. I heard some breathing and moaning coming from the back of the store. For all I knew, given Honest Guy me also moonlighted as Innocent Guy, someone was struggling trying to move a piece of heavy equipment. 

So I flung the door open, not in a superhero "I'm here to save the day" way, more like "I need to make my presence known so I can deliver this shit and get on home" kinda way. What I saw shocked my "not exactly a virgin but it's been so long I might as well be" eyes. Two gorgeous, no, drop-dead gorgeous, no, I've died and gone to heaven gorgeous brunettes, no doubt recently clad in their Hooters standard issue orange shorts and white tees, but not anymore, were, well, having their way with one another. They were expertly maneuvering a two-headed, jet black dildo back and forth in a perfect rhythm. If there were ever such a thing as Optimal Use of a Two Headed Dildo Instructional Video (available in DVD), I was watching it right in front of me. 

They were much too involved to have heard me come in, and as much as I was enjoying their little show, I thought it best to make a graceful exit. I backed up toward the door, but immediately transformed into Not So Graceful Guy as I tripped over a stray box of napkins. Now that they heard.

"How long have YOU been here?" demanded one of the drop dead beauties.

"I, ermm, just came by for a delivery, and the door was..."

"I know you, don't you usually deliver during the day?"

I don't know what came over me. Totally out of character (call me Testosterone Suddenly Coursing Through Me Guy), I replied, "yeah, but the fuck shows in the afternoon aren't quite so good."

That drew a chuckle from both of them. The other one (I think I heard the first one call her Misty), said, "Yeah, kinda slow on Monday nights, we usually like to spice things up a bit. Sorry you had to see this."

"I'm not," I replied, trying to rein in this whole testosterone coursing thing goin' on. "In fact, I think intermission's over and I was wondering when the next act was gonna start."

"Better yet," Misty said, "You could join in. This dildo's a lot like fucking Gumby. I know I'd like some of the real thing."

"You've actually fucked Gumby?"

"You know what she means, darlin'. I'm game, fella. C'mon over."

Of course what happens next is what always happens when a guy's three way fantasy is about to come true. Somebody's cell phone rang. It belonged to "Sorry I Didn't Get Your Name" Girl.

"Yeah...I'm still at work...His temperature is what? 101?...Shit, all right, yeah, some Tylenol...whaddya mean we don't have any Tylenol, I just picked some up yesterday...you can't find it? Damn it, you...oh, shit...OK, yeah I'm leaving now."

She turned to Misty. "It's Travis, his fever's back up again, I gotta go...sorry loverboy", she said to me, "maybe some other time."

Somehow I wasn't all that disappointed. She quickly dressed and was outta there in an instant. I half expected Misty to get dressed, too, but after her buddy left, there she stood, naked and as I've died and gone to heaven gorgeous as ever. She had a quick smile and a gleam in her big brown eyes. She walked over to me and whispered in my ear, like anyone else was gonna hear her anyway! "Guess it's just the two of us, loverboy."

I took her into my arms and kissed that quick smile. She suppressed a little laugh as our tongues met for the first time. Suddenly I went from not all that disappointed to fuckin' not sorry at all that the would be three way was just me and Misty. She unbuckled my belt and pulled down my pants in one motion, thankfully, as my dick was getting harder and harder. I reached down and pulled off my shirt as we laid down together on the "I don't really give a shit how hard and cold it is" floor.

Misty was still pretty wet from her Gumbyfuck, so we wasted little time. Besides, the guy delivering Tuesday's chicken could show up at any moment. Misty was on her hands and knees, looking over her shoulder giving me yet another quick smile I was starting to get really used to. She spread her long and slender legs apart and stuck her round tush up in the air. I guided my cock between her luscious pussy lips and was completely inside her at once. I thrusted as hard as I could as Misty rocked back and forth until we found a rhythm. I reached my hand under to massage her clit, and was completely enjoying her soft moans as my in and out, in and out, became faster and faster.

"Do you want to come?" she demanded.

"Not yet, not quite yet."

"Come inside me baby, I'm right there, I'm so close, you turn me on, baby!"

"I don't wanna...ohh..." I was always the quick wit when I'm about to come, I muttered some more unintelligible noises as I squirted my hot cum deep inside this beauty. She moaned a bit louder with delight. "Oh yes, baby, you know how to make a girl happy." There was that smile again. I started to laugh as this whole experience was pretty unbelievable. But one I had hoped to have again and again with this lovely lady.

"You know," I said. "We never formally met."

"Sorry, where are my manners?" she giggled. "I'm Misty, and I'll be taking care of you this evening."

"I think you already did."