 It has been nearly six months now since Trish and I met, and things have been amazing! We settled into a good routine almost immediately. When we had both of our kids, we would do family things. When we only had one of our kids, we would focus more on what they wanted, and when it was just us we focused on each other.

Mary was able to join the same soccer team as Cole and Trish went to every practice and game, I went when my schedule allowed. Trish turned into the ideal soccer Mom, she became the unofficial team spirit leader. She got pom-poms for everyone to shake in the team colors and organized a bottle drive for team tracksuits. Lauren warmed up to her pretty quickly and although I wouldn’t call them friends, they got along well enough. I couldn’t say the same about Mike and myself, he was always slightly confrontational with me and always tried his best to undermine me with Mary. This situation was compounded when Mary said, to my surprise and both Trish and my own joy, that she wanted to call me Dad.

Mike made other things difficult as well. We wanted to put Mary into swimming lessons with Cole, every Wednesday night. He was already bitching and moaning about having to take Mary to soccer twice every week that he had her and didn’t want to ‘lose more time’ to her activities. I couldn’t fathom how someone would not want to give their child every opportunity they could and it enraged me. Trish kept me calm and managed to negotiate us taking Mary, even on the weeks she was with Mike, and drop her off at his house after on those days. The first time I dropped her off, and she said ‘bye Daddy’ to me at the door, the look on Mike’s face was priceless.

It was easy to integrate each other with our groups of friends, Trish got along with both of my close friends and their wives and I got on well with her friends and their husbands/boyfriends. We didn’t often argue and when we did, we always followed Trish’s rule about talking it out before bed. Our sex life never really dropped off either, when both kids were gone we would go at it like rabbits. I would get home after working a day shift to find her dressed in all sorts of outfits; lingerie, Daisy Dukes, slutty Halloween costumes, or even naked. At my work Christmas party, she dressed in a very tight slinky dress, five minutes into cocktail hour she informed me she wasn’t wearing panties. 30 minutes later I had her bent over the bathroom sink with the door locked. Two hours after that, we were nearly caught in the janitorial closet by my supervisor.

We acted out two of her fantasies already. The first one was an out of town training course I had, she came along and we got a second room for the first night. We chatted like strangers at the bar, she left her room key and told me what room and walked away, we fucked like strangers then she kicked me out only to join me in the other room a few minutes later.

The second fantasy we acted out was her being a prostitute, she told me what corner to meet her at and what time. She really dressed the part; she was wearing see-through acrylic heels, black fishnet stockings held up by a slightly visible garter belt, a red mini skirt, silver halter top with a very visible black lace bra, lots of makeup, and her hair done up big. I had to wait for her to decline two real Johns before she came to the window of my truck.

She leaned on my open window. “Lonely mister?” She asked, chewing gum obnoxiously.

“Are you a cop?” I asked.

“No, are you?” She asked, blowing a bubble with her gum.

“No.” I answered. “How much is your time worth?” I asked.

“Depends on what you want.” She replied. “$50 for a blowjob, $150 if you want to fuck too. I don’t kiss, I don’t do anal, nothing rough, and you’ve gotta wear a condom. If you don’t have any, I’ll sell them to you, five bucks each.” She said, almost sounding bored. “If you want to go somewhere, I’ve got a place. That’ll be $50/hour.”

I was shocked and turned on by how the love of my life could turn into a whore so easily. “I’ll take it all. Get in.” I told her.

“Show me the cash first, big boy.” She said.

I thought she might want to play this way, so I had gotten $500 from the bank machine on the way. I flashed the wad of cash and she climbed in, spitting out her gum as she did. Her demeanor changed when she got in the truck, apparently I wasn’t window shopping anymore. She slid her hand into my crotch feeling my already hard cock through my jeans. “You want me to blow you right here, sweetie?” She asked.

“No, tell me where to go.” I said, but letting her hand stay put.

We got to the sleazy motel and got a room for one hour, the guy at the desk gave me a nod of approval. When we got into the room, she turned to me with her hand out. “Cash please, baby.” Using her sultry voice.

I handed her $160 and she put it in her purse and set it on the dresser. She messed with her phone for a moment. “My boyfriend will be up here in one hour if he doesn’t hear back from me, or if I tell him to come sooner, so don’t be stupid.”

I started to undo my pants. “Then you better get to work.” I said.

She retrieved two condoms from her purse and opened one, leaving the other on the night stand. She got on her knees and after stroking my cock a few times, slid it on. “Now baby, you do what you want, but if I pull back, you let me.” She said looking up at me.

I could see the twinkle in her eyes as she tried to stay in character, I’m sure the same twinkle was reflected in my gaze as well. By this time, we had been dating for almost four months, so knew what she was capable of, but she wanted to be used and I was going to try.

She started by spitting on my cock and smearing her saliva all over with her hands. Then she started to take me in her mouth, giving me a loud sloppy blowjob. The condom might have decreased the sensitivity, but the scene playing out increased my horniness. I placed my hands on the back of her head and started to guide her, working my hips a bit more as well. I felt her starting to moan on my cock, so I pushed a bit harder. Trish slid a hand between her legs and her moans turned into a constant hum. I held her head in place and started to thrust a bit harder, bringing myself closer to orgasm. She was struggling a little, but the look in her eyes said ‘keep going’. I managed a few more thrusts before I filled the condom, pulling her head deeper into my cock as I bucked through my orgasm.

I sagged to the bed, panting. Trish dutifully rolled the condom off and threw it in the garbage. “You still want to fuck me, baby?” She asked, rubbing herself through her panties.

My cock was still half hard after I came, and seeing how turned on Trish was, it started to become fully erect again. “It’s what I paid for. Grab the other condom.” I commanded.

Trish couldn’t hold back her smile. “Yes sir.” She replied, reaching over and grabbing the second condom. She expertly put it on. “How do you want me?” She asked.

“Bend over the bed.” I commanded.

She turned around and bent over at the waist. “Like this?” She asked.

“Just like that.” I confirmed, rising from the bed and standing behind her.

I pulled down her panties and started to rub my cock at her entrance. She was absolutely soaked. I pushed her mini skirt over her ass and pushed my cock into her in one swift thrust. Trish groaned as I bottomed out within her. I could tell she was on the verge of cumming, so I grabbed her hips and pushed myself as deep as I could. Trish let out a yelp and then her orgasm took her, I could feel her pussy muscles trying to draw my orgasm out as well, but that wasn’t going to happen anytime soon. Before Trish started to come down from her orgasm, I started to pound away. I was giving her long, deep strokes. I reached forward and pulled her top down then reached around with one hand to free one breast from her bra then the other with my other hand. I pawed at her breasts like it was my first time, pinching her nipples a little rougher than I normally would. Trish’s moans were becoming a constant hum of ecstasy. I straightened back up and grabbed her hips again speeding up and pulling her harder onto me. I wasn’t even close to cumming yet, but I couldn’t keep this pace up for much longer. I thrusted into her and held her tight to me, Trish let out a wail as she came again. 

I gave her a few moments to enjoy her orgasm before pulling out of her and climbing onto the bed. “Ride me.” I commanded. Trish started to take her top off, but I stopped her. “Keep it on.”

She climbed onto the bed and straddled me, she placed my cock at her entrance and dropped down in one smooth motion. She was so wet that there was no resistance. She started to move just her hips, rocking back and forth. I laid still, enjoying the show, looking at my rental whore/love of my life. Her hair was matted to her forehead with sweat, her lipstick was smeared, her top and bra were pulled down exposing her beautiful breasts and rock hard nipples, her skirt was just a red band across her waist, her garter belt and stockings were the only things still fully intact. She was, without a doubt, the sexiest woman in the world to me. She was struggling to stay in character, I could see the love in her eyes as she looked down at me, slowly grinding on my cock.

“I only paid for an hour.” I said, nudging her back to her fantasy.

Trish gave me a devilish smile and started working her hips faster. “How’s this baby?” She asked.

“Much better.” I replied.

She leaned back and rested her hands on my thighs and started bucking in my lap. The new angle felt great and I felt the first tingles of an orgasm. Trish found something in the new angle too because her motions started to become erratic and she hollered through another orgasm. She barely stopped riding me though and she kept the position. When she regained her composure, she started riding me harder and faster. I started to thrust my hips to meet her and my orgasm started to build-up as well. I grabbed her hips, forcing her harder and faster until I felt my orgasm take me. Trish ground her pussy on my spasming cock bringing herself to another orgasm as well.

Once I was able to, I nudged Trish off of me, peeled off the condom, and threw it out. I pulled up my pants and checked the time, 10 minutes left for the room. Trish was getting her outfit straightened out as well. “Thanks.” I said, and walked out the door.

I sat in my truck, waiting for Trish. She came out a minute or so after me with a radiant smile on her face and climbed in. “God, that was hot!” She said, leaning over the console and giving me a toe curling kiss. “I love you.”

“I love you too.” I replied. “Was it what you hoped it would be?” I asked.

“And then some.” She replied.

I took her to her car and we both drove home. We showered, ate supper and then made passionate love with lots of kissing and no condoms.

Tonight was going to be her third fantasy and she didn’t even know it. I was supposed to be working Friday night, but took a vacation day without telling Trish. Cole was at his mothers and Mary was at her fathers. Instead of going to work, I went to the mall and wandered around. Then got a coffee and did some reading in my truck. Trish likes to be in bed by 10:30pm and is usually asleep by 11:00pm. Although I was a bundle of nerves as the night passed by, I decided to wait until 1:00am before I enacted my plan to make sure she was really asleep. I parked my truck up the street from our house a little and walked the rest of the way. I was wearing a dark sweater and dark pants and I had a duffel bag over my shoulder with only a ski mask, thin leather gloves, and a flashlight inside.

I put on the mask and gloves and readied the flashlight, entering through the back door as if I was an actual burglar, except with a key. I looked around for valuables, but being an experienced thief, it was just cursory because I knew most small, easy to carry, valuables were in the bedroom. I crept up the stairs, checking each bedroom as I moved silently through the hallway. The final room I looked into was the master bedroom. Our room is very dark, to make it easier for me to sleep during the day, so I couldn’t even see Trish. I pretended to look through the room, I put her jewellery box in my bag and pretended to go through the other drawers, making a bit of noise to try and get her to wake up. I opened and closed her bedside table drawer and she stirred. “James?” She said groggily, not really opening her eyes. “What are you doing?”

I turned the flashlight towards her in mock surprise and reached out to cover her mouth. I pushed her back down onto the bed. “Don’t say another fucking word.” I whispered in a menacing voice. Pointing the flashlight at the wall above her head so we could both see.

Her eyes shot open and she gave a muffled scream into my gloved hand, trying to twist free of my grip. I straddled her waist and held her in place. I watched her eyes, waiting for her to realize what was happening. It took a few seconds, but she stopped struggling for a moment and then winked at me, the terror disappearing from her face. Trish started to struggle beneath me again and I leaned down to whisper in her ear. “I’m not going to hurt you unless you give me a reason to. Be a good little girl and I’ll be gone before you know it. Ok?”

Trish stopped struggling and nodded her head. “If I remove my hand, are you going to scream?” I asked.

Trish shook her head no. “Ok, here goes. Don’t be stupid.” I said as I removed my hand.

“My boyfriend is going to be home soon and he’s going to beat the shit out of you.” She spat venomously.

“Is he now?” I asked sarcastically. Looking down and acting like I just realized she was naked. “What if he comes home to find you thoroughly fucked for the first time in your life?” I asked, stroking one of her nipples.

“You wouldn’t dare. I wouldn’t let you!” She said, shocked.

Her nipple had completely hardened from the stroking of my gloved finger. “It seems like you might like that idea.” I said stroking the other nipple until it was fully erect as well.

“No! I’ll scream so loud the whole neighborhood will hear me!” She said panicked.

I placed my left hand on her throat and leaned in close to her face again. “You could try.” Then I licked from her earlobe to her chin.

She squirmed further beneath me. “No, please don’t!” She begged.

I used my teeth to remove my right glove and sat up again, trailing my bare hand behind me down her stomach to her clamped shut legs. “Open.” I commanded, applying a little pressure with my left hand on her throat. She complied enough for me to slide a finger along her pussy lips and I released the pressure, she was absolutely soaked. “Good girl.” I said, just barely above a whisper.

“No, please stop.” She panted.

I slid my middle finger inside her and she moaned. “This is what I want to take tonight.” I said working my finger inside her deeper.

Trish was vibrating on the edge of an orgasm. I slid a second finger inside her and she sucked in a breath trying to fight the orgasm. I started to pump my fingers inside her and pressed on her clit with my thumb, she came. She bit her lip to stifle her release, but she couldn’t contain it. Her moan filled the room.

I climbed off of her and dropped my pants and underwear, exposing my fully erect cock. She tried to crawl away, but I grabbed her ankles and pulled her back to me. I held her legs wide and rubbed myself against her opening. “You’re so wet, tell me you don’t want this.” I said to her.

“No.” She said weakly, but the look in her eyes said ‘fuck me now’. I pushed into her with one hard stroke and she let out a guttural “yesssss”.

I stroked my cock inside her twice before rapidly picking up speed. I knew I wouldn’t last very long and I made sure to give her all I had. Trish’s moans filled the room, and with a holler she came again. Her pussy muscles started to milk my cock for all it was worth and I came with full force. Trish grabbed my face and pulled me down for a kiss. The ski mask was in the way, so she ripped it off and attacked my mouth with hers again.

When we parted, she was smiling brightly at me. “I love you.” She sighed. “I was so scared at first, but once I realized it was you and what was happening, I got sooooo horny. Thank you.”

I eased my softening cock out of her and laid on our bed beside her. “I wasn’t too rough?” I asked.

“Honey, you were perfect.” She said. “Wait, how did you get off work so early?” She asked.

“I took a vacation day.” I replied, chuckling. “I planned this a month ago.”

She rolled to her side and kissed me again. “You are amazing! Thank you. Now I have to do something special for you sometime.”

“Babe, every moment I spend with you is special.” I said to her.

“Ok, I’ll take that.” She said, snuggling up to me.

After a few minutes I got up and cleaned her with a cloth before having a shower myself. The ski mask had made me hot and sweaty. Trish was fast asleep and I enjoyed a little down time before going to bed myself.

The next few days went by as usual, Trish picked up Mary Sunday night and Monday I picked them both up from school because I was off.

Tuesday morning I finally went ring shopping. I had decided that I wanted to ask Trish to marry me about a month after Cole and I had moved in. When I talked to my parents about it, my mother started to cry with joy. She absolutely adored both Mary and Trish and wanted nothing more than to make them officially part of our family. My father, always the one to dole out sage advice, brought up a good point. “If everything is so great right now, enjoy it. You’ve rushed in a lot already. Trish is a great woman, she won’t run away.”

I took my father’s advice and let our life evolve into the new normal. If anything, waiting made me want to marry her more. She was an amazing mother to both of our children. She was completely dedicated to me without being overwhelming to me or letting herself get overwhelmed by me. She was independent and sometimes a little stubborn, but never too stubborn to ask for help when she really needed it. She was smart, sexy, fun, and beautiful.

I spent a long time at several jewelery stores, before I finally found the perfect ring. White gold, 1.2 carat, round cut, with four small diamonds in the channel on either side of the main diamond. Each side was off-set from the main diamond creating almost an ‘S’ shape below the diamond. I had brought the ring she wore when we first met, for size, and bought it on the spot. It wouldn’t be ready for a few days, but I had almost three weeks before I planned to propose.

After I left the jewelry store, I called Trish’s parents. They lived four hours away in a small town and we saw them at least once a month. Her father, Pete, was a semi-retired consultant and her mother, Anne, was his book-keeper. It took them a couple visits to fully warm-up to me, but they both loved Cole immediately and me eventually. Last month, I asked them both for their daughter’s hand in marriage. Anne gave me a giant hug and said yes repeatedly, Pete shook my hand and threatened to kill me if I hurt his baby, a lot like his brother, Wayne. I talked to Anne and told her I had bought a ring and she screamed excitedly into the phone. When she had calmed down, I told her my plan and asked if they could make it into the city two weekends away. She promised they would.

Next I called my parents, they promised to be available on the Saturday, and take the kids that night, if we wanted.

The next call I made was to Wayne. I had asked for his blessing as well, after asking Trish’s parents. He had been a big part of her life, being a surrogate father to her when she first moved to the city for school when she was young, and helping her get back on her feet after her divorce. He was more than happy to say yes, and offered any help he could. He helped me with both my plan to propose, and a venue to do it in. “James! How is my favorite future nephew in law?” He asked when he answered his phone.
