 I'd just finished doing my astronomy doctorate, but when this broad at the party, Carol was her name, was introduced to me as "Doctor," she said, "Are you going to practice locally, Doctor?" 

I didn't know whether she was joking or what. However, we got it all sorted out, and then she looked at me in a peculiar way and said, "Pity, I need a physical and I rather liked the look of you."

I'd had a few by then, so I rose to the occasion. "I'd be delighted to oblige," I said. "I like the look of you, too." 

And I did. Well stacked, long legs, face as beautiful as you could wish and an expression that held promise. I couldn't believe she really meant it, particularly since we'd only just met. But she gave me her card, and I gave her mine, and we made a date for the next Tuesday. Evening. 

"It'll take a couple of hours or so," I told her. "If you haven't had a physical for a while I'll have to give you a thorough one." And I meant it.

By the time the next Tuesday came round I'd made a few preparations. We were only playing games, but we may as well do it realistically, I thought. I cleared out my den for a changing room and moved a day-bed into my office, and then as an afterthought I borrowed a full length mirror to put in the den because I had an idea a girl preparing for a physical would probably want to look at herself pretty critically first. And right beside the mirror, fairly low down, I fixed a very unobtrusive surveillance camera connected to a monitor in the next room. If my patient was going to prepare for a physical, I wanted to see just how she did it.

Tuesday evening came, and I was beginning to wonder whether Carol would chicken out. But right on seven the door bell rang, and there she was. Very pretty, standing at the door. Good enough to eat, I thought, wondering what she'd taste like.

"Good evening," I said formally., "You've come for a physical examination, I believe."

"Yes please, Doctor," she said, making an effort to appear shy. "My name's Carol."

"Come in please, Carol," I said. "Any particular problems?"

"No Doctor. But I'd like a thorough check-up. It's been quite a while."

No problem there. I was all for checking this chick out pretty thoroughly. I showed her into the den. The changing room. 

"If you'd like to undress in here," I told her, "there's a robe for you to put on, and when you're ready just come into the office, the next room."

"Do you want all my clothes off, " she asked demurely. "Or shall I keep on my underthings?"

Women's undies are pretty exciting things---when they're on the women's bodies, anyway. And removing them from the bodies is a pastime I never tire of. But when I thought of that full-length mirror I decided it would be more exciting to watch Carol stripping herself.

I pretended to consider. "Better take everything off." And I left her. And went straight to the video monitor in my office.

I'd undressed my share of dames, but there was going to be something specially exciting about spying on a girl when she was undressing herself. I'd often wondered whether a girl took off her top things or her bottom things first. I was about to find out. This girl got down to business without delay, almost as if she was anxious to get stripped. Which she probably was.

The video gave me a first class view. As I'd guessed, Carol spotted the mirror and immediately stood in front of it, facing the camera. She was wearing a little bolero jacket thing, and that was the first to come off. Underneath was an extremely low necked blouse. I guess she wasn't expecting to be shut away in a dressing room and the blouse was for my benefit. Or at least the low neckline. I said she was well stacked. With this close fitting blouse with the low neckline she was more than stacked, she was magnificent. Her nipples weren't showing through the blouse---pity---but her boobs were threatening to burst the buttons.

Carol evidently liked the view almost as much as I did, because she posed in front of the mirror and took a few deep breaths. And then undid the buttons. So it was going to be top first. That was alright with me. It was going to be a thorough check-up. When she turned away from the mirror to put her blouse on the chair I was afraid she might have had enough of admiring herself. But there was plenty to admire, and she was back in front of the mirror before I had time to unzip my fly and get out a fast growing erection. Her bra came next, and two creamy tits with a sunburn line across the cleavage popped out. The name tits doesn't due them justice. They were two gorgeous upstanding globes with large brown aureoles and nipples like little raspberries. I'd like to put sugar on those and lick them clean, I thought.

Carol stood up straight, naked from the waist up, and cupped her breasts with her hands, pushing them up and out in front of the mirror. So this was what women did when they undressed! My hands were itching to fondle those nipples, but Carol did it for me, and then she began to squeeze and rub them. She must have been doing it to get them nicely engorged for me. 

Her nicely tailored pants slipped down easily. I was expecting to see panties, or really hoping she might have left them off, but I wasn't ready for what came to view. No girl wears a G-string as part of her underwear, surely. But this girl did. Once again I realized she must have put it on for me. And soon she was going to take it off for me although she didn't know that. This was the kind of G-string I'd seen in porn movies, a tiny triangle covering the pubic mound and a couple of almost invisible strings running up the creases where her thighs joined her belly. 

She rubbed her hands voluptuously over her belly, down to the G-string, and then I realized there was no pubic hair showing at all, none above the brief triangle and none peeping out between her thighs. This patient had really prepared herself! She licked a finger and slipped it under the G-string, and played with herself for a while, and then almost reluctantly took it out, and slowly turned her body around so that she could look at her back view. And so that I could look at it, too. And what a view. A beautiful heart-shaped ass, with her two bulging buttocks separated by the string rising from between her legs. She evidently liked the view, because she ran her hands lovingly over her ass cheeks a few times, and probed with her finger into the crack between.

I found I had been jerking my prick furiously all this time, and reluctantly I took my hand away. This hard-on, and the jism building up inside, was not going to be wasted in solitary masturbation. It had to be saved for my patient.

My patient, meanwhile, still with her back to the camera, was tugging the G-string down her thighs, and stepping out of it. As she bent over to take it down over her ankles her bottom was thrust out toward the camera, her legs parted, and I was treated to the sight of the bulging genitalia between her open thighs.

It was time for the peep-show to end. Any minute my patient would be coming into the office, and I had to switch off the monitor. I quickly zipped up and sat at my desk and waited.

Carol came into the room wearing the robe I had left for her. She was putting on a good act of looking shy and demure, very different from the voluptuous nymph I had been watching playing with herself a few moments earlier.

"Sit down there, please," I told her, pointing to the day-bed. "How long is it since you had a mammary examination?"

"It must be over a year," my patient said.

"Then I think we'd better begin with that. Will you slip your robe off your shoulders, please."

She sat, and shuffled the robe back off her shoulders. And she wasn't looking nearly so demure. Those luscious tits were the same tits I'd been watching on the monitor, but this time they were up close, and they were in the flesh. And what flesh!!! Creamy pink up to just above the nipples, with a sharp line cutting across each tit and deep brown sunburn above. Her bikini must have been something to see. If she'd played volleyball on the beach her nipples would have been popping out.

"Any pain at all?" I said, cupping her right breast in my hand.

"No, Doctor."

"Good." And I squeezed it gently, running my hand all over the underside, feeling the firm softness and wondering if she was getting as much out of the exercise as I was. I moved my hand across to her other breast, and felt it all over, alternately holding it my palm and massaging with my fingers. How long could I legitimately go on with this, I wondered. I could have played with those babies all night.

"How about the nipples?" I asked her. "They look a little swollen. Any discomfort there?" Swollen? The whole pinky brown circles of the aureola were swollen, standing out from the roundness of her breasts and thrusting the swollen nipples even further out toward my eyes. I put my palm over her right nipple and enclosed her whole breast, pressing the hard protruberance under my palm and rubbing it gently.

Carol gasped. I took my hand away and she exclaimed. "Oh no!"

"Does that hurt?"

"No no, it's just---"

I sucked my finger, and ran it round and round the surface of her aureole, never touching the engorged nut at its center. Carol was breathing heavily. She heaved her breast forward to force her nipple against my hand, and I took it between finger and thumb and pinched it and squeezed it and rubbed the very tip of it until she put her head right back and opened her mouth and let out a long, shuddering gasp.

"Rather sensitive, is it?" I asked. "Perhaps I'd better put some cream on it?" I reached for a bottle of skin cream, squirted some onto my fingers and rubbed it all over her nipple and her aureole, my fingers slipping round and over, rubbing and squeezing the swollen tumescence until she cried out.

"No more! I can't stand it! I feel as if it's going to explode.!"

I felt as if I was going to explode pretty soon, so I decided to move on. "That's quite a normal reaction. Nothing to worry about," I assured her. "Now if you'll just undo the gown and lie down I'll check the rest of you."

Carol undid the girdle of the gown. It seemed to me she practically flung the gown open. And she lay back on the bed with her feet crossed, an exquisite pattern of sunburn and pink. I put both palms on her belly and felt it all over, thrilling to the soft smoothness. I probed in her navel, and ran my hands around her waist and underneath to grab the firm cheeks of her ass and separate them. The fingers of one hand ran down the crack between her buns and probed between, and Carol's thighs opened in a most unpatientlike way. Her feet were still crossed, so as she opened her thighs and her knees spread apart they came up off the bed. The smooth, shaved pink of her pubic mound split wetly apart.

"No problem so far," I said. "Seen a gynaecologist lately? I think perhaps we should check there, don't you?'

Carol said nothing, just breathed hard. But I didn't need to explain how to spread her thighs wide for the examination. Her knees seemed to come up by themselves, her feet tucked themselves against her buns, and her thighs were so spread they seemed to be splitting her crotch in two. The space between her thighs was a wide open entrance. Two petal like lips pouted out, glistening with the juice that was oozing from her cunt.

I knelt down at the end of the bed, my face close between her thighs. Her cunt was so wide open I could see every detail, the swollen lips, the inside of her vulva, the spasmodic clenching of her vagina as her thighs twitched in sympathy. I put one finger into the split at the bottom of her belly, feeling for the clitoris I knew must be aching to be played with. It was a tiny hard knob, and as I touched it Carol's whole pelvis surged up, her ass leaving the bed and her cunt and her clitoris forced against my hand.

I paused awhile to play, and then moved to the open tunnel. One finger slipped inside, then a second. They slid easily in, lubricated by the juice that Carol was producing. They probed as far up inside as they could go, feeling the soft wetness and the throbbing of her cunt muscles.

"Get any discomfort from sexual intercourse?" I asked.

"No, Doctor," Carol gasped, and I was amazed that a broad so close to orgasm could continue to put on the patient act.

I reached for a dildo I'd bought specially for the occasion. "Tell me if this gives you any discomfort," I said, and I gently inserted the knob between the engorged lips, into her gaping cunt hole, and on up into the depths of her vagina.

"Tell me when to stop," I said. But she said nothing, and I slid the dildo further in, right in till the whole seven inches was inside her and the artificial balls were pressed hard against her crotch. Sliding a dildo up inside a cunt that should have been taking the length of my prick seemed wrong, somehow. But I wanted to watch this girl cum. I wanted to watch her thighs convulsing and her belly heaving and her ass lurching off the bed.

"No difficulty with orgasms?" I asked. "And how about multiple orgasms?"

"Oh god!" Carol gasped, "just try me."

I tried. I twisted the dildo gently to stimulate every sensitive part of her vagina, and then I started to give her an artificial fuck. In and out, gently at first, twisting the dildo, holding it at different angles. Occasionally I would pretend to be pulling it right out of her cunt till the bulbous head was almost out, and Carol cried out. "No, don't take it out, I'll have an orgasm for you right away if that's what you want, only don't stop, please---Doctor."

She was going to cum any moment, and yet she was still able to play games! I started fucking her in earnest, faster each time, pressing the dildo hard against her wide open crotch. And with my other hand I found her clitoris and played with it until she shrieked and her whole pelvis lifted off the bed, and she grabbed my hand and forced it against her groin and massaged her clitoris with it till she was cumming with a violence that shocked me.

When she came down---and she took her time coming down---I was going to make some silly doctor-like remark. But she forestalled me. "Did that seem alright to you, Doctor? I mean should it make me cry out like that?"

"Different women have different orgasms, " I told her. "Your's certainly seemed to be very satisfactory." I started to withdraw the dildo.

"But you were asking me about multiple orgasms, Doctor," she said hurriedly. "Were you going to test that too?"

I certainly was. I had something inside my pants that felt as if it could fill her belly twice as full as that dildo, and it wasn't going to wait much longer.

"This is a different kind of dildo," I explained. "Just lie back and we'll see if your second orgasm comes more quickly than the first."

"Oh I'm sure it will, Doctor. I'm almost cum---orgasming at the thought of it."

She was already frigging her clit as hard as she could go. Her thighs were spread wide apart, and her cunt hole had been so well reamed out it had stayed open like a soft wet tunnel leading up into her belly. I had a mind to kneel down and see how far I could push my tongue up inside her, but my prick was in no state to delay any longer. I fitted my knob between the gaping lips of her cunt, and slid it easily up inside her.

She was so wide open and so wet inside that my prick felt no friction and there was no resistance by her cunt muscles. As my groin came hard up against the opening of her cunt, I began to wonder whether either of us would get enough sensation to be able to cum. And then Carol took over. I was supposed to be fucking Carol, but it was Carol who fucked me.

Her thighs lifted and her legs wrapped themselves over my back, holding my belly pressed against hers. Her hands grabbed my head and pulled my face down to hers, and her open mouth locked itself to mine. And every vagina muscle from her cunthole to her navel clamped tightly round the whole length of my prick. All I needed to do was lie still and relax, and her cunt muscles would have masturbated me into an instant cumming that would have poured hot sperm into the depths of her .

But the pressure of her thighs relaxed and her belly seemed to draw away from mine, and I was able to lift myself sufficiently to withdraw my lance ready for another thrust. Carol let it withdraw just as far as she wanted, and then her thighs were clamping tightly over me again, forcing me down, forcing my prick back into her. In and out she took me, sometimes releasing me till my knob was at the entrance to her cunt before she forced me back in, sometimes speeding up for short piston strokes that must have had my ramrod filling every inch of her vagina.

At last she released my mouth and gasped, "I'm going to cum. Cum with me. Fill my belly with you sperm. Let me feel you cum. Please, Doctor."

I did just as she said.

-The end-