 So here's some backstory: (sorry if this reads funny, I'm typing inside the text window here): I knew Dayna from my freshmen year of college. We got along well because we were both kinda nerdy and liked skateboarding, anime and old sci-fi movies. She was a little more open about her love of Star Wars and everything geeky, whereas I was a little more withdrawn because I was into sports, and with that came the ridiculous stigma, "football players don't watch Japanese cartoons". In high school I was an athlete, and while I ran with a kind of 'in-between' crowd, youthful naivity kept my nerdiness closeted. I had an irrational fear of being socially 'outed' because nobody else was into that in my high school. College was great because I finally felt free to express myself and I met a ton of like-minded people. Dayna caught my eye immediately because she was tan, fit, had short black hair (pulled back into a ponytail...I don't know what it is about girls with short hair that drive me wild, it just does) with a juicy ass and pair of breasts to match. Despite her physique, she hadn't been wildly likeable in school. She had run with the 'nerd' crowd and as a result, didn't know how hot she was. Come high school graduation, she had become full-figure gorgeous. Despite my sports career, I was equally shy and the two of us meshed well. We dated for a few months before we broke up and went our separate ways. It was mutual.

Fast forward to three years later. I was living in a house off-campus and Dayna was living on the other side of our small college-town in an apartment complex. We were both going into our senior year of college and had maintained a steady friendship through mutual friends. It was the tail end of summer and I was working as a stockboy at the local department store, trying desperately to save money for the upcoming school year. I had an academic scholarship but always needed money for rent, and of course, beer. I had spent so much time working that I hadn't noticed Dayna was spending the summer in town. I had just finished loading a truck and noticed she was crossing the parking lot behind our store with some groceries.

"Hey Dayna!" I called. She looked up as she was loading groceries into her car. She waved and I met her halfway across the lot. She didn't say anything at first, which I found odd until I noticed she was checking me out. I had spent the summer lifting heavy crates and boxes, loading trucks and working out at the gym in my free time. I had gotten pretty built. It was always hot in the back of the store loading trucks, so I was just wearing a pair of jeans and a white shirt. It was long since started to stick to me, which I hadn't thought about until I watched Dayna's eyes wash over me.

She had stayed active herself, attending free yoga classes and jogging in her spare time. She worked at the local gamestop, but having no extra money, I never went there to see if she was working. "Hey," she said finally. "I didn't know you were in town."

"Yeah, I've been here all summer," I replied. She smiled warmly. We talked for another twenty minutes and decided to meet up later that night for a beer at my place.

I don't know when, how or why I started to feel this way, but for as long as I remember—at least high school—I had a secret desire to be a stripper, or a model. The thought of tearing my clothes off in a sea of screaming women makes my heart skip a beat every time I think about it. Despite me being a 'jock', I was actually always very shy and didn't have a lot of girlfriends in high school or college...let alone anyone that I ever felt comfortable enough talking about my secret desire to be an exhibitionist. I don't know why I was always so shy about it. I had been tempted to go to a male amateur night at a strip club in the next town, but once again, I was afraid somebody I knew would see me. It was a very strange fear.

Then I heard that Playgirl magazine took amateur submissions. My heart skipped another beat. I could submit photos to them! The thought of a woman reviewing photos of my physique for submission to a magazine geared toward women was an even bigger turn-on (though I know women aren't the primary audience...at least, anymore). A couple weeks prior to my run-in with Dayna I had taken a few nude photos of myself, filled out Playgirl's online submission form, and emailed everything to them. I hadn't thought of it since.

That night Dayna came over and brought over some beers. We got to drinking and started catching up on what we had been up to that summer. Our conversation was pretty straight-forward, we hadn't done a whole lot except work and save up money. It was nice to have company all the same, as my roommates had all been gone with their families for a portion of the summer. It was a little lonely. I hadn't seen Dayna in a while, and her nerdiness, bright smile and personality shined through all the time we had spent apart.

I'd be lying if I said I missed dating her. She was a lot of fun. We had never done anything more than make-out (as I was too shy to do much else) I'd also be lying if I hadn't pictured her naked in my mind...especially now, considering I was more experienced sexually and we were both getting a decent buzz.

I was on my fifth beer, Dayna maybe on her fourth, when my phone went off. I thought it was a text message so I checked it. I had received a new email. I checked it, and it was from Playgirl. My heart was in my throat. Dayna saw the expression on my face and asked what it was. I looked up at her. I didn't know what to say. My sober mind was screaming to play it off like a spam email, but my drunk mind took the lead and I said, "It's from Playgirl Magazine."

Dayna laughed, thinking I was kidding, until I showed her the message. It was actually a rejection notice. While I had gotten pretty fit during the summer, I was nowhere near centerfold material, though they did point out in the email that I would be "great for their Real-Men Section", which was the section devoted to Amateur models. They asked for better quality photos to post in their magazine, if I was interested.

Dayna laughed again, and glanced at me. Her eyes did a quick scan of my body. She said, "well are you gonna do it?" I didn't know what to say. My heart was still in my throat. Clearly she was turned on, but I had never shared my exhibitionist fetish with anyone before. "I don't know," I said awkwardly. "I need to take better photos to submit. I don't think they're looking for selfies."

We were both in my kitchen, Dayna was leaning against the counter opposite of me. I saw her hand gripping the edge of the countertop nervously. She looked at the floor, half smirked, then looked back at me.

"I mean, I have a camera..." she said shyly. "If, y'know...you wanna pose?"

Dayna and I were in my kitchen and I had just shown her the email. We talked about it for a few minutes, she was smiling...I couldn't tell if she was just as nervous and shy as I was at that moment in time.

"You should do it!" she said encouragingly, half laughing as she punched me softly in the shoulder. "Then I can blackmail you when you're famous."

"Who says you're gonna get a copy of the magazine?" I shot back with a grin. It was really hard for me to maintain my composure. My knees were shaking. I was so turned on and excited that we were even talking about it, let alone the possibility that my fantasy was about to become a reality.

"Well I have a camera..." Dayna said, her eyes casting toward the ground. She looked back up at me, almost hesitant. "I mean, I could do it...if you want?"

"Be my photographer?" I choked out. She nodded. I was about to agree when we heard the front door close. It was like the scene out of a movie. My roommate had just come back from home. He had a bag full of his clothes and other belongings under his arm.

"Hey guys," he said casually. "I need a fucking BEER." he snatched one of Dayna's beers off the counter, opened it and proceeded to talk about his uneventful drive back to college for the next 15 minutes.

Dayna and I exchanged glances. The moment was clearly over. Dayna excused herself, giving a very obvious "I have to work early tomorrow" excuse. I couldn't read the tone of her voice, and I didn't know how to react. Part of me was relieved. I was so worried that she might not like the way I look, or I might say something weird or do something weird...I had never been naked in front of a camera before. At least, with anybody else but myself behind the lens. I went to bed.

The next day I went to work as usual, with a gym session following. I was still jittery from last night. I had a half-assed workout and went home early. When I got home I showered and when I returned to my room for a change of clothes, I saw Dayna had texted me.

"Wanna hang out tonight?" was all it read. I agreed and half-debated what I should wear. Would she bring it up? of course she would bring it up. Why wouldn't she. We had talked about it, hadn't we? It wasn't a dream. I threw on some clothes and drove over to her apartment. When I arrived, I knocked on the door and heard her shout from inside, "it's open!" When I stepped inside, she was standing in the living room. The curtains were drawn, even though it was just now turning sunset. She was fiddling with a digital SLR camera in her hands. I closed the door behind me and walked up to her.

"What's that?" I asked dumbly. She looked up and smiled. "It's a camera. We're gonna do the photoshoot, aren' we?" she winked. My mouth was dry. This was it, it was happening.

"Uh..yeah, sure," I agreed. She crossed the room and scooped up a magazine from her coffee table. It was a Playgirl.

"I've never read a Playgirl," she gushed. "I mean, I guess I didn't realize that the guys were..." she cast her eyes down to the floor. This time it was her that was shy. This was my territory, now.

"Naked?" I concluded. She thumbed through the magazine and rested on a page depicting a male model, completely naked, laid out on a bed amidst a slew of bedsheets. One hand was around his hard member.

"I like this shot," Dayna tried to say as professionally as she could. She looked up at me. "...What do you think?"

"I think that's good," I replied. "So...how do we start, miss photographer?"

That seemed to catch her off guard, but she smirked. She set the magazine down, moved the coffee table out of the way and positioned herself opposite of me. I was standing in front of a grey loveseat, one of the few furniture pieces in the room.

"Let's...start with your shirt off," she said, her breath seemingly caught in her chest. This was it. My whole body was tingling. I half-imagined my roommate kicking in the door at that minute. But Dayna lived alone, and wasn't expecting anybody but me tonight. I pulled my shirt off and tossed it to the floor. I stood in front of her, my legs parted slightly, tucking my thumbs into the front of the my pants. I tried to make it look like I wasn't flexing as I stood there as casually as I could. Dayna lifted the lens to her eye and clicked the shutter. The camera snapped and I almost felt a wave of relief rush over me. I was now more excited than nervous. This was going to be fun. And really hot.

"Back up toward the couch, just a little more," Dayna ordered, snapping a couple more photos. She adjusted her height slightly, trying to make it look like she knew what she was doing. I could practically hear her heart pound from across the room.

She snapped more photos as the back of my calves touched the couch. My thumbs were dug into my pants. I tried to give the a camera a sexy, confident look like you see on those ads for Men's cologne. Dayna ate it up.

"Okay, unbutton your pants a little..." she instructed. I slowly started to undo my pants. I had worn grey boxer briefs underneath. All I had were athletic-style because I liked the way they didn't ride up when I was running on a treadmill. They complimented me nicely. "A little more," Dayna said, beckoning for me to undo the last button on my pants. My pants loosened and I held them just in my finger tips. My heart was pounding in my chest. Sweat had started to roll down my back.

Dayna took a few more snapshots, one from the front and a couple from the side. She took some low-angles, crouching down below me. Her eyes were fluttering behind the camera. She was sweating too.

"Okay, drop your pants," she said, and I heard a crack in her voice. She was so turned on she couldn't even talk straight. I knew this, and I grinned, dropping my pants. My cock had swelled a little in my briefs. Not entirely, but it provided me a nice bulge.

"Sit back on the couch," Dayna ordered. I complied, sitting next to the armrest. "Put one hand on the arm rest, and the other, uh..." Dayna beckoned toward my crotch.

"Like this?" I asked softy, running my hand over the bulge.

"Mhm," she said quickly, snapping more photos. She took more angled shots. "Get up on your knees," she said quickly. I readjusted myself on the couch.

"...Take off the briefs?" I asked. She nodded, only a small portion of her face behind the camera revealed. I saw her bite her bottom lip and run her tongue over it subconsciously.

"Slowly," she instructed as I went to pull my briefs off. "Not all the way at first. One hand...so it's not easy," she winked. I grinned and tugged at them. I kept my pubic hair very trimmed, as the edge of my briefs had just started to reveal. Dayna snapped more photos as I slowly tugged the briefs down. I could barely resist. I ran my other hand over my flat stomach and tilted my head back, making it look as though I were moaning in pleasure.

"Yeah, close your eyes. Show me the face you make when a girl is riding you," Dayna replied, snapping more photos. I tugged my briefs until my thumb rubbed against the base of my shaft. Sweat was rolling down my back and chest and arms. It wasn't hot in her apartment but we were making it a sauna.

Dayna had stopped taking photos. I opened my eyes and looked. She was leafing through her closet across the room.

"What are you doing?" I asked, half panting. Dayna pulled a cowboy hat from the closet. I should have known. She had grown up on a farm, and always had a thing for cowboys.

"Put this on," she tossed it to me. "And meet me in the bedroom." She made her way into the back room and left me a little confused. I put the cowboy hat on my head and followed her in.

"Get on the bed," she instructed, hoisting the camera up to her chest. "And keep the hat on."

I looked at her, grinned, and started to climb on the bed.

"Wait," she called. I paused.

"Take the briefs off."

"All the way?"

"Yeah."

I had my back to Dayna. She had a large, king size bed. Who knows why. I pulled the briefs down and let them slide to the floor. I heard her snap a photo.

"Wow," she said softly. "...I'm sorry, I mean...you just...have a great ass."

"Thanks," I half laughed, climbing onto the bed. I made sure she couldn't see my semi-erect cock yet. I pulled a bit of bedsheet up against myself, sitting on my knees on the bed in front of her. Dayna stood poised at the foot of the bed, camera at the ready.

"Show me how you fuck a girl," Dayna said softly, her eyes roaming over my hulking, sweaty, nude frame. "..do it slowly." She beckoned toward the wad of white bedsheet I held in a grip in my hand, in front of my crotch. The smooth bedsheet was freshly washed, and impossibly soft. It felt fantastic against my swelling penis.

I held the wad of bedsheet in front of me, sitting on my knees with my free hand running along my naked chest and stomach, rocking my hips back and forth slowly. I felt the throbbing in my cock and the tingle in my skin. I was so horny I could barely think straight.

"Sit back against the bed...cover yourself with the cowboy hat," Dayna panted, snapping more photos. I plucked the cowboy hat from my head, watching Dayna as she watched me. I placed the hat in front of myself, not revealing myself just yet, and let go of the bedsheet. Dayna wet her lips with her tongue. She gestured toward the head rest.

"Up...uh...up against the headrest," she said. Her arms were shaking. She was sweating. The camera was still in her hands and she tried to cover by returning the camera in front of her face. I sat with my back against the head rest, running my hands over my nude body, covered only with a leather cowboy hat. I was so hard at this point, that my cock was throbbing...but I couldn't stop to stroke it. Not until Dayna had instructed me.

"Take the cowboy hat off," she said, almost too quickly, after snapping a few photos. "Let's uh.."

I swallowed hard, and plucked the cowboy hat off my crotch. I tossed it across the room. Dayna's eyes lit up, I watched her face the whole time. I'm not hung by any means, but I could tell she wasn't expecting to see my penis hard as a diamond underneath the hat. She stared for just a second, before regaining her composure and getting back behind the lens. Sweat was rolling down my brow and my body. I could see sweat glisten from her forehead across the room.

"Put..uh..." she stammered. "My hand around it?" I asked softly, almost grateful. I gripped it softly at the base and started stroking slowly in front of her. She cleared her throat. Her mouth was dry. She took more photos.

"How's that feel?" she asked finally.

"Really good," I replied, stifling a moan.

"...Stand up," she ordered suddenly. "Put your hands against the wall."

I did as she ordered, standing up with my back facing her. I put both hands against the wall as though I were about to receive a pat-down. I heard her snap a few more photos, then I heard her set the camera down. I didn't move. I didn't know what to say. She climbed onto the bed behind me, running her hands over the small of my back.

"I just...had to get another shot of that butt," she breathed in my ear. I chuckled slightly, but then gasped when her hands reached around to softly grasp my throbbing cock.

"You think Playgirl wants a money shot?" she continued. "Or maybe they'd just wanna see me covered in it...?" I turned my head slightly, and she kissed me on the cheek. I turned to face her and she stuck her tongue in my mouth. Her hand readjusted around my cock and started stroking me softly. We were both covered in sweat. I couldn't rip her clothes off fast enough.

And by rip, I pulled her shirt up over her head..it was stuck on something and I pulled it until I heard a rip and the fabric gave way. Her tongue was probing my mouth and she tugged harder on my cock. I undid her pants and bra. I grabbed her ass. Oh my god her ass had gotten bigger! Dayna had always had a nice ass but it had somehow become even more plump than before. I squeezed it as though to make it pop and then ripped her panties off. Dayna gasped.

I pulled her into my arms and lowered her onto the bed. Sweat was rolling down her breasts and she looked up at me with hesitant, questioning eyes. She bit her lower lip and panted out, "fuck me."

I flipped her over...I had to have that ass of hers. It was even more plump looking at it dead-on. I was standing off the side of the bed, with her folded over it in front of me. I stood between her legs and parted them with my own. She reached down and gripped my cock in her hand, and slid it into her wet pussy.

I felt her body clench and tighten around me. I started thrusting. She moaned wildly. I gripped her ass as though I would fall off and thrust harder. She screamed in pleasure. I moaned in sync with her.

"fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she yelped, burying her face in the bedsheets. I pumped in and out, each thrust seemingly going deeper than the last. I slapped her butt cheek and watched it jiggle. What a workout! I was panting like I was running a marathon! 

Dayna was howling in pleasure. I felt her body begin to tighten.
