 I lay in our Queensize bed, waiting for you to come home from work. I've left you notes from the kitchen door all the way to our bedroom. The first note says, "Welcome home baby..." go to the fridge...The second note say's "There's a nice cold drink waiting for you...dinner is already in the oven staying warm..." I'm waiting in the bedroom for you...

The third note is on our bedroom door and says "Enter at your own risk...".

I'm laying back comfortable, naked, rubbing my nipples with one hand as I rub my pussy. I have been so horny all day baby, wanting to make love with you. I gently slip a finger inside of my wet slit. My pussy is so wet, I'm thinking of you pounding my pussy hard. I reach into the bedside table and take out our favorite toy, a six and a half inch realistic looking cock. I bring it to my mouth, licking, flicking my tongue all over the head, wishing it were you I was sucking.

God baby, I love to suck cock, love to have your hard cock in my mouth, feeling the hardness, sucking and licking your cock and balls until you cum.

I take the cock a bit deeper, sucking it still fingering my wet slit, when I hear the bedroom door open. I see you walk in, stopping and watching me. "Damn baby...that looks so hot..." you tell me as I take the cock out of my mouth and slowly lick it all over, taking my time.

I continue to lick it, making it wet, then I take it deeper in my mouth, sucking on it. I'm getting so turned on, just knowing you're watching me. I flick my tongue all over the head, just the way I do when I make love to you, taking my time. "You like to watch me suck cock baby???" I ask you innocently. You quickly undress, and join me on our bed, you're cock is getting so hard baby, I can't wait until you're fucking me.

"Suck that cock babygirl..." you say as you rub your cock as you watch me lick it all over, then sucking and licking the realistic balls, taking them in my mouth. "You like that baby...sucking a hard cock???" you ask me as I look at you. "I love your cock baby, sucking you, feeling you fucking me so good..." I tell you as you rub my nipples, teasing them, pinching them. Feels so good when you do that. I take the cock back into my mouth, sucking on it. I close my eyes and continue to suck it, I feel you move around on the bed. I look up and you are down between my legs, spreading my legs apart. "Don't stop baby, you look so fucking hot sucking that cock..." you tell me as you bend down and lick my naked pussy lips. You just love my naked pussy, you gently spread my lips and tease me with your tongue. "Oh fuck..." I cry out when you slip your tongue inside of my slit.

"I love eating your pussy baby, taste so good..." you tell me, looking at me as I suck the cock a bit deeper and faster. 

I take the cock out of my mouth, "I want to suck your cock baby...please???"

"Not yet..." you tell me as you lick and tease my clit, feels so good.

Your tongue feels so good inside of my pussy, I'm getting so wet. "I want you baby..." I tell you.

"You'll have me...I promise..." you say reaching for the toy cock, you take it from me and I watch as you lick it, taking the head into your mouth, sucking on it. 

"Suck that cock baby..." I tell you watching you do this makes me so hot.

"Mmmmm..." you say as you suck it a bit deeper, then licking it all over. I reach down to rub my clit. I watch as you get the toy all wet, you spread my pussy lips and slowly insert the toy inside of me.

"Ohhhh...yes..." I moan as you slowly give it to me, in and out, then you suck my clit. "oh fuck baby..." You start to fuck me faster and harder, feels so good. I have to play with my tits, pinching my nipples. 

You take the cock out slowly, it is dripping with my pussy juice and I watch as you lick it, sucking it clean. "I love the taste of your pussy baby..." you tell me slipping it back inside

of me. "I'm gonna make you cum...I'm gonna make you squirt..." you tell me, fucking me with it. You pound my wet pussy so good, I'm moaning, grabbing onto the headboard of our bed.

"Oh yessss...give it to me baby...fuck me hard!!" I beg you, wanting more.

"Yeah...my baby wants this cock fucking you hard and deep??? Tell me how much you want it..." you tell me. 

It feels so good baby, I can't lay still, I'm trying not to get too loud but can't help myself.

"Beg for it baby...beg for this cock..." you tell me looking at me.

"Give it to me baby...please...fuck me..." I beg, you move around to where I can get to your cock, you're next to me and I reach for your hard cock, wanting to lick and suck you.

"Awww...fuck..." you moan as I take your cock into my mouth. I love sucking you baby, taste so good. I lick and flick my tongue all over the head of your cock as you continue to fuck me with our toy. The better it feel the more I suck you, stroking your balls at the same time. "Oh yeah...suck me baby, show me how much you love my cock..." you tell me.

Oh baby, I am so close to cumming, feels so fucking good. I stop sucking you, but stroking you as you ram that toy deep inside of my pussy. "Ummmmmmmmm...oh fuck baby, I'm so close...so fucking close...gonna squirt...fuck me, fuck me baby..." I moan loudly. "Cum for me baby, I want to watch you squirt...want to watch you cum..." you say as I start to cum, my pussy is throbbing, convulsing.

"Cumming...oh fuck baby...cumming..." I say as I climax over and over again, I can feel myself squirting all over our bed. I can't stay still, grabbing the sheets, oh it feels so good.

"Awww...cum for me babygirl..." I take your cock back into my mouth and suck you deeply, then I stroke your balls. You reach down and finger my soaking wet pussy, feeling the wetness from where I squirted. You lick your fingers tasting my wetness, "ummm...taste so good..." you slip your fingers back in my slit and bring them to my mouth so I can taste myself. I lick your cock and your fingers, tasting both of us.

"Ummmmmmmmmm..." I moan around your cock, sucking you a bit faster. 

You pull away from me and get down between my legs, you bend down and lick my wet slit, teasing my clit. My clit is so sensitive right now, feels so good when you lick me.

"I'm gonna fuck you babygirl..." You tell me, bending over me and putting my ankles on your shoulders. You rub the head of your cock across my still wet slit, teasing me, entering me a bit and pulling out.

"Give it to me baby..." I ask you.

"I'm gonna give it to you...hard and deep..." you say as you slowly slide your cock inside of me.

"Hmmmmmmm...oh yes baby...give to me...fuck me..." I tell you as you pull almost all of the way out of me.

"I will baby...I will..." You bend down and kiss me, then filling my pussy in one thrust.

"Oh yes..." I gasp as you start fucking me a bit faster and harder. " Your cock feels so good inside of me baby, fuck me..." I beg you, you're fucking me in a steady rythem, fast and so deep. 

"Your pussy is so tight around my cock baby...I could fuck you all night..." you say holding me tight. "Awwww...yes...so good...so fucking good...gonna cum in my baby's sweet pussy..."

It's so good...we're moving together, fucking so good...love to feel you inside of me.

"Fuck me...fuck me...fuck me...I want to feel you cumming inside of me baby..." I tell you.

"Oh yes...so close babygirl...so fucking close...gonna cum in your pussy..." you tell me, I can feel your cock getting harder, pounding me so good. 

"Awwwwwwww...fuck here it cums baby...oh yeah...take my cum!!" You bury your cock deep inside of me and I can feel you cumming and it makes me cum too, we cum together, holding each other, feels so good. "Give me your cum baby..." I say as I feel my pussy climax again around your cock. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" I say loudly, not caring who hears me.

We lay there holding each other and catching our breaths, feeling so good.

"So what's for dinner???" You ask me with a smile.