 They’d been together for 4 years and it took her until tonight to voice one of her biggest fantasies to him. They had been watching a movie together at her house, and when it was over, she turned to look in his eyes. 

“Babe?” she began.

“Yeah” he responded.

“Umm… you remember when I said I have a lot of fantasies, but I didn’t say more than that?”

“Yeah, I figured you’d tell me one of these days” he told her.

“Well, I… I want to be… controlled” she stammered. She could feel her face turning bright red and was glad of the low lighting hiding her expressions.

He turned and looked at her, and she could tell he didn’t really know what she meant.

“I want you to control me, tell me exactly what to do. I want to be your sex slave tonight. It’s always been this huge fantasy for me” she explained.

“Well I… I don’t know what you want exactly, I don’t have any idea how to be a master” he told her. “But” he added, seeing her face fall, “I will try if it means that much to you.”

She grinned and his heart melted. He couldn’t believe that he was agreeing to make her a slave, his slave, even to please her. But he knew this was what she wanted. He could see it in her eyes.

“So, Master” she teased. “What do you wish of me?”

“Ummm” he tried to think about all the porno he had downloaded, tried to remember what had happened in those. “Get down on the floor, on your knees” he told her. Feeling as if he might as well do it properly, he added “Slut”.

“Thank you, babe. I love you” she whispered, kissing him gently. Then she slid from the couch onto the floor in front of him. 

“Now I want you to suck my cock” he told her.

She eagerly unzipped his jeans and tugged them down. He rose from the couch to allow her to pull his pants and boxers all the way down. She noticed that although he didn’t seem to be into her fantasy, his cock was already hardening. She touched the head of his cock with the tip of her finger, slowly tracing around his hole, loving how soft and warm he was.

“I said, suck my cock!” he told her. She was surprised to hear a growl in his deep voice, but it turned her on too. She looked up into his face.

“I am sorry, Master” she apologized. With that she lowered her mouth and pulled his head between her lips. She swirled her tongue around him, savoring his salty taste. 

He reached out and gathered her hair into his fist, holding it away from her face as he watched her begin to suck his cock. She warmed to the task, moving faster and faster, up and down with her tongue moving expertly around him inside her mouth. She knew he loved it when she deep throated him and now she took him as deep as she could, holding him there as her tongue massaged his now rock-hard cock.

He sighed and pushed his hips up to meet her mouth, trying desperately to go even farther down her throat. He began to guide her head on his cock, lifting her by her hair and pushing her back down on himself. He loved the feel of her mouth on his cock, and now it drove him over the edge. She felt it, and tried to pull back, but he held her there as he shot his hot cum down her throat. She swallowed quickly, trying not to miss a drop of it.

When he was spent, he released her hair and she sat back, licking her lips and trying to hide her disappointment. She was upset because generally if he came once, he got too sleepy to go a second time, and her wet pussy was aching to be filled.

He guessed what she was thinking, however, and grinned down at her. “Believe me, baby, this night ain’t over yet”

She looked up at him, and he said, “How many times am I gonna get my girlfriend begging me to use her however I want?” he asked her. 

She thought to herself, plenty of times, but she didn’t want to tell him for fear he would stop for tonight. He gestured for her to join him on the couch, and she did, snuggling into him until he was ready to go again. It seemed like an eternity to her before she heard him say, “I’m ready, baby” 

Joyfully she sank to her knees on the floor again. “What now, Master?” she asked, her voice quivering with anticipation. 

“Now I tease you, slave” he told her. She noticed he was definitely into her game now, and she loved that he was enjoying it too. “Lay on your back, arms over your head” he ordered. She did as he told her, wondering exactly what he was going to do. “Wait, no, I want you to take off your clothes, and then lay down as I said” he amended. She sat up and began to undress. “You better be ready by the time I come back” he told her. He stood and left the room. Finally she was naked and she laid on the floor as he instructed and waited for his return. When he came back, he placed something on the table up past her head, where she couldn’t see it.

“What’s that?” she asked. 

“Hush! I didn’t tell you to speak” he told her harshly, lightly pinching one of her nipples. She twisted in surprise, but it only made her wetter.

He knelt next to her on the floor and ran his hands from her fingertips above her head down her body to her soft mound. She wasn’t shaved; only trimmed, because she had tried shaving once and it had itched like a bastard for a week. He ran his fingers over her nipples, over her mound, and dipped down between her thighs. She moaned and lifted her hips to meet his touch. Quickly he took his hand away. 

“That’s not fair!” she whimpered. 

“This fantasy of yours is not supposed to be fair, is it?” he asked. “If you really want me to, I’ll stop” he added. 

“No! Oh God no!” she cried. “I’m sorry, I’ll let you be in charge.” 

“Master!” he reminded her.

“I’m sorry Master, I’m not a very good slave yet”

“Don’t worry, we’ll fix that soon enough. Practice makes perfect” he told her. “Now don’t move again or say another word until I say so” he ordered.

She lay still as his hands returned to her body. He toyed with her nipples and she smiled, knowing he was a sucker for nice breasts. He rubbed all over her body, finally reaching her clit again with the tip of one finger. He reached with his other hand onto the table where his mystery object was hidden. He brought his hand back and she didn’t see anything in it. But then she felt the shock of cold and knew he held an ice cube in his hand. She guessed he had a full glass of them on the table.

He slid the ice cube over her breasts, around her nipples but not touching them. His other hand continued to play with her clit, and rubbing her slit every so often. Suddenly, in the same instant he ran the ice cube over her nipple, he plunged a finger into her soaked pussy. She gasped, loving the sensations he was creating on her body. He continued this sort of torture until she was gasping for breath and he knew she was close to cumming. 

He withdrew his finger from her pussy and removed the ice from her tit. “What did you think of that?” he asked. 

“Oh my God!” she gasped. “Master that was incredible but I want to cum so bad now!”

“What do you want then, slave?” he asked.

“I want you to cum inside me, I want you to make me yours, entirely yours” she told him. 

“Good answer” he told her. “What position do you want?” he asked. 

“It’s up to you, remember, you’re the Master tonight” she reminded him.

“Oh yeah, my bad” he laughed. “Well in that case, I gotta say you on me. I want to see you put yourself on my cock.”

She stood and he stretched out below her between her legs. “Facing you or away?” she questioned. 

“Face me” he told her.

Slowly she lowered herself down to his waiting cock. She gasped as his cock head pushed through the folds of her pussy. That was always the best part for her, the initial feeling of being opened. Quickly he grabbed her hips and pulled her down, sinking his cock into her to the hilt. She cried out with the fullness of him, but he immediately pushed her back up until only the head remained inside her. Then he pulled her back down to him, and she began to move, back and forth, up and down, matching his speed and increasing the intense feelings for them both. She tossed back her head, groaning with the feel of his hard cock inside her. She could feel her orgasm building in her, and just as she could hold it no longer she felt his cock swell inside her pussy, shooting his cum into her as she came with him. She fell forward onto his chest and they lay there together, their heartbeats slowing and their breath easing. Finally she moved off him to lie beside him, her head on his chest.

“Thank you” she whispered. “That was awesome.”

He leaned down to kiss her forehead. “I like that game” he told her softly.

“We’ll play again, I promise” she assured him. 

“Maybe next time you can be Mistress” he commented.

“We’ll see babe” she said. “I love you.”

“I love you too” he said, kissing her again.

And they fell asleep together, both dreaming of the nights to come.