 After three of those delicious frozen concoctions, "180 Octane" I think they were called, we left the Fat Tuesday in downtown Greenberg feeling lightheaded and passionate. The band's last song had been low, and had a tinge of the blues. We danced close, our bodies pressing into one another's, and our hips grinding in unison. The sensuous dance aroused us both, and our faces were tainted with lust.

I wasn't ready for the night to end. The liquor had me mixed with adult desires and childish merriment. I suggested we go to the park.

"The park?" Ryan questioned and pulled me to him, a smile playing on his lips. "Ah, does my girl wanna play?"

I murmured in his ear, "I want to play with you...on the slide, on the swing, on the merry-go-round."

He took my hand and led me to the car, where he opened my door. Before I got in, he gazed deeply into my green eyes. He touched my face, and our lips met with a fiery coupling. The kiss became even more desirous. He swept his hand up the nape of my neck, and grabbed my hair, tugging it just hard enough to make me want him to take me right there in the parking lot. He pulled away, eyes never leaving mine, and walked around to the driver's side.

We pulled into the darkened lot at the park and killed the lights. There were houses very close by, so we had to be discreet. I felt like a teenager sneaking out at night. We played a game of cat- and- mouse, running from tree to tree. He finally caught up to me at the slide steps. He grasped my hands in one of his own and held them above my head. I always loved that feeling of being helpless to him, of surrendering to his power. His tongue began making little circles from the bottom of my neck to the tip of my earlobe. I started to feel that aching inside; that desire for him. 

His tongue parted my lips and began to dance with mine. At first it was a slow dance, and then the hunger was like an erupting volcano. It became fierce. His grip on my wrists tightened. I was utterly weak to his strength. My body quivered to his touch as he used his free hand to roam my flesh. My breath caught in my throat when his hand cupped and massaged my breast. He squeezed my nipple between his fingers, making me shudder with pleasure. 

Then, his hand released mine and allowed me to touch him. I felt the silkiness of his black hair beneath my craving fingers. He drew soft fingers up my tanned thigh. Shivers erupted throughout my body, and my nails slid across his muscular back. He slipped his fingers under my skirt to find that I hadn't worn any panties. 

I went up a couple of the slide steps. 

"That's my girl," Ryan said.

He began kissing me at my knee, and ended at the pool of honey that he had created with his tantalizing tongue. One little flick across my clit and I was moaning for more. 

He looked into my eyes and asked, "Do you want it?"

"Yes," I murmured, opening my legs wider for easier access.

He gave me a sly grin, and disappeared between my legs. He made love to my pussy with his mouth as if he were kissing me face to face. His lips were velvety soft and his tongue moved in gentle, rhythmic circles around my clit. It was erotic and passionate. I looked around me, at where I was: a public playground on the steps of a slide. The sheer idea of being caught aroused me, and still I had this wonderful tongue now whipping back and forth across my bud. 

My hips swiveled to meet his twirling tongue. From deep within me came a series of sighs. I was nearing ecstasy. I began to moan and buck against his face. I was suddenly overcome with a feeling of nostalgia. I was paralyzed with pleasure, and the spasms seemed to go on forever. 

When they finally subsided, Ryan looked at me with those robin blue eyes. They never left my face as he kissed his way up my body. He was bulging, so I unsnapped and unzipped his jeans, freeing him from his confinement. That's where I left him, as I scrambled up the steps and coasted down the slide, giggling wildly.

I ran to the swing and pushed off the ground with my feet. I glanced over at where he stood. He looked bewildered. I gave him a come-and-get-me look. Peering around him, he held his member in his hand and strolled over to the swings. He took a seat on the swing next to mine.

As I swung higher and higher, he stroked his cock while he watched my long, blonde hair trail behind me. Alas, he grabbed my slender leg and stopped me. 

"My turn," he said offering himself to me. "You know what to do."

I knelt before him admiring the beauty of his sex rod. He liked to be touched softly at first, so I began by rubbing the juices that had already formed around the tip of his cock. My silky fingers then gently moved up and down the length of his shaft. My hands left him unattended only as I unbuttoned my shirt. I moved closer to him and placed his rock hard cock between my double Ds. 

He groaned his pleasure as I fucked his cock with my tits. He grabbed my head in his strong hands, urging me to take it into my mouth. Bending my head, I suckled the tip of his cock each time it came sliding up between my breasts.

With one hand, I began to gently caress his balls. The other held his cock firmly in place as I licked him up one side and down the other. I took only the head into my mouth, teasing him until he could handle it no longer. 

"Take it all in, baby," he whispered hoarsely.

I fixated my eyes on his, and slowly took the length of his love tool into my mouth. His body relaxed, and his head rolled back.

"Oh, Jessica, you are so hot. Yeah, baby, suck my cock," he said drawing in a sharp breath.

My lips tightened around his rod. My tongue was circling the tip of his dick while I pumped my hand up and down his shaft. Every few seconds, I'd stop to take his entire being into my warm mouth.

"Oh, Jess, don't stop now," he groaned as I picked up the pace.

His legs shifted. He thrust his hips toward my face, and I was forced to take every inch of his manhood down my throat. He hardened even more, and I knew it was time. He grabbed the back of my head and pulled my face to his groin. 

"Oh, yeah, I love to fuck your face," he moaned. 

With one final thrust, I felt his hot cum spill down my throat. He shuddered with pleasure as I touched his balls gently while he released his seed. I always loved the look on his face when he came. He was so sexy.

He couldn't move for a moment, so he just held my head in his arms.

When Ryan finally came out of his euphoria, he stood and arranged his clothing. Grasping my hands, he pulled me to my feet and kissed me deeply, tasting his own juices on my lips. Arm in arm, we headed back to the car. These are memories that will last a lifetime.