 I looked around, there was no one nearby. All our friends were off exploring.

"Have you ever been fingered?" I asked her daringly. She was my girlfriend now, but I wasn't sure how far she'd gone with other guys before.

She hesitated then nodded yes. I was immediately both jealous and hard.

"Stephan?" I asked. She'd been with him for almost a year before hooking up with me.

"No," she said blandly. I was puzzled. Before Stephan?

"Gee, you must have been young?" I said. Joycie shook her head.

"No, not really."

I gave a confused look. "But you were only seventeen before you got with Stephan, weren't you?"

Joycie went red.

I looked at her with surprise. "Gee...just how old were you when...when someone...when it happened?"

"No, no it's not like that at all!" she blurted out, "Its all been recently."

"Hey? Huh?" I looked over her shoulder to try and read her face. "What about all the time you were with Stephan?"

Joycie looked down, letting her hair fall across her face.

"C'mon, what you talking about?" I persisted.

Joycie sighed deeply. "Stephan doesn't do parties, not really. He can't really drink and he gets all shy if people start, you know, pushing us together and stuff, pushing us into the bushes or into a back room or stuff. He's kinda, well, he's not really comfortable about sex, and he made me nervous about it too. So he usually finds some excuse not to go."

"Okay...so?"

"So, I dunno, I go and everyone's together and I can't be with someone and all I end up doing is drinking more than everyone else."

"And...so what?" I asked. This was not what I expected. 

"Well, usually I get drunk. And usually someone finds me drunk and, you know, takes advantage."

"They what...they...they fuck you?" I was horrified.

"No, of course not! No one would dare!" she said looking back at me now. I couldn't tell if she was unhappy or not. She calmed down a little. "No, they don't fuck me, they just play around."

"Jesus," I said. "Play around? What's that mean?"

"'Playing around' has a definition, its the same for everyone. You can either take a girl's pants off or her top off, but not both. Whichever I take off you can only take off the opposite," Joycie explained.

"Run that past me again? Some guy can take off your top or your pants?"

Joycie nodded.

"As in all off, not just to your bra and panties?" I asked further.

"Yeah, of course all off," Joycie said as if I were some naive kid.

"Ok, but if some guy takes your pants off, he can only take his top off, he can't take off his own pants?"

Joycie nodded again. 

"But if I'm there and I take my pants off, I can only take your top off?"

"Uh-huh."

I was in awe. Why hadn't I seen any parties like this?

"But then what?" I asked, "If some guy takes your pants off and, you know, gets his finger...in you...don't you get in trouble with Stephan? He doesn't get upset?"

"Come on! We're only playing around, it's no big deal. Anyway, people won't tell on you if that's as far as you go. It's just one of those things that happens at parties. But if you fuck someone, then that's really cheating, so people will tell your boyfriend for sure."

"Wow," was all I could say. 

There was silence for a while while we both thought about what she was saying.

"So how many times did you 'play around'?"

Joycie blushed. "A few..."

"A few?" I repeated, picturing my girlfriend with her tits out for a guy. "Which half do they usually choose?"

Joycie giggled at that. "The bottom! Every time!"

"Really? Why?"

"Well, guys know if they can get your pants off that they'll usually get your breasts anyway. Bit hard to say no to a hand up your shirt when the other one is, well, you know, doing this...," she wiggled her finger in the air.

"But don't the guys want you to feel them up? Wouldn't they rather have their pants off than yours?"

Joycie just shrugged. "Never seems so. They always take my pants off."

I looked down at her bikini bottom. I'd be keen to do the same. I had no idea it was so easy to get into her. She must have thought me such a kid, I hadn't tried to do a thing with her. She must think I was another Stephan.

"How many...have...how many guys have done it with you?" I asked sheepishly. My hard-on was embarrassingly obvious.

She went red again. "I dunno. Maybe ten, eleven."

"Eleven?" I whispered. I almost came. Joycie turned to look at my face, at my mind racing.

"Don't worry," she said, reading my thoughts, "most of them are people who don't really know us."

I looked at the side of her face.

"What does that mean?"

"They usually aren't guys from my group or your group. They're mostly just strangers, you know. I don't even know most of them's names," she said by way of explanation. I took a very deep breath. I struggled to keep the cum inside my shaft.

"Mostly strangers?" I asked after a while. 

"Hmmm," she went quiet.

"But some people from our group?"

"Only a few," she mumbled.

"Who?" I asked flat out.

"I can't say. They have girlfriends."

Of course they do, I thought. Just like you had a boyfriend. Just like you...have...a boyfriend, it dawned on me. We'd been together about 5 weeks.

"When was the last time?" I asked, trying to keep my voice calm, showing no fear or panic.

Joycie looked back at me, then away.

"Don't ask me that," she said. Holy shit. Holy shit! Was she actually saying she'd been with a guy in the time we'd been together? I thought back over these weeks. When had she been out by herself? Holy shit! Her cousin's birthday. And that camping weekend she had. Or the 'slumber-party' at her girlfriends. She'd had lots of chances.

"Shit," I let out quietly. She knew what I was thinking, for sure. But she said nothing. Neither of us did for a long time, we just lay there in the sun, close but not touching. After a long time of thinking of what to do I leaned up and over her. I had carnal intent and she knew what I wanted.

"No," she said calmly.

"Why?" I asked, half expecting the rejection. "No one is out here."

"I don't like it," she said quietly, hiding behind sunglasses now.

"A dozen guys finger you, and you tell me you don't like it? I'm your boyfriend."

Joycie took a deep breath.

"Just cause your my boyfriend doesn't mean you can do whatever you want."

"But any boy a at party can!" I had to be careful not to lose my cool.

"That's different!"

"How? How is that different?"

"I don't usually know them..."

"So? How is that better? How can not knowing you give me a better chance to get into your pants than being your boyfriend? How does that make sense?" I was becoming emotional.

"I don't know. It's just...I have to be drunk for a start. I only like it when guys I don't really know do it. It's not so messy, it's not so awkward, I don't have to worry about what happens later, we just have some fun then go away. It's what happens. Don't ask me to explain it."

I tried to calm down.

"So you won't take your pants off for me?"

Joycie didn't say anything, but it was pretty clear she wasn't going to.

"But you'll keep taking your pants off for guys who get you drunk at parties?"

Again she didn't reply, so I took it she would. Joycie turned into me, kissing me.

"Don't be mad baby," she said through my lips, trying to be empathetic to my frustration. "You're my boyfriend still."

Her sunglasses pushed into my face and her hips against my hard-on. For the first time ever I reached down and touched her ass, pulling it to me. It was just a small thin bikini between my fingers and her bare skin but it was a huge barrier for me. Joycie was gorgeous, her face was gorgeous, her hair was gorgeous, her body...her body was more than simply gorgeous, it was carnal. I could only imagine what it was like for those guys, her pants completely off, laying there taking their fingers.

"I need to know, when was the last time?" 

She kept kissing me for the longest time before answering, "Last Sunday."

It is weird to have a conversation with a girl when you are tonguing, but this conversation was the weirdest I'd had in any circumstances.

"Your cousin's birthday?" I had guessed correctly. She nodded into my mouth.

"Pants off?" 

She nodded again, kissing harder. I squeezed on her ass, my head spinning, my imagination going crazy. She was my girlfriend, she had cheated on me just last weekend but I had to know more.

"You were drunk?"

"Very," she mumbled into my mouth, pushing her hip hard against my boner.

"Where?"

"Cousin's."

"Yeah, but where?"

"Bedroom."

I'd half-hoped it could have been outside, or with people around.

"You got fingered?"

"Uh-huh."

"And breasts?"

"Uh-huh."

"He took your top off, too?"

"Hmmm."

"I thought that...wasn't in the rules."

She ignored my comment. Geez. I was so angry. So jealous. So very hard.

"His pants were on or off?"

She didn't answer.

"Did you touch him?"

She nodded, kissing and grinding at me, as if she was remembering it all.

"Did he cum?"

She nodded.

"Where?"

"You don't wanna know."

"Huh? Why not?" I asked, genuinely worried.

"Cause you might not wanna keep kissing me," she said, kissing me.

"Why?" I was confused.

It took her a while before she said into my lips, "Mouth."

Oh. Bloody Hell. 

"I want it," I whispered as we kissed.

"I know," she said back. She reached her hand between us and squeezed on my hard-on through my swimsuit. I came instantly, completely embarrassed with myself. She grinned and pulled back, lifting the hem of my shorts and her sunglasses to look at the semen covering the inside of my shorts.

"See? We don't need to get undressed," she told me, then rolled back onto her back, leaving me there with no idea of how to clean the mess I was in.