 Rob and I had been lovers for almost five years, but in all that time we had never spent a single night together.

Of course, he was married, and he was also my boss. This made things kind of awkward, but it did also make work much more interesting, at least in the early days… However, recently things seemed to have become a little stale between us – I wanted us to spend more time together, stereotypical mistress that I am, but we were both busy at work and he seemed more interested in playing golf than in paying illicit visits to my house.

So when the opportunity finally arose to spend some time with him away from work, of course I grasped it firmly with both hands. We were both chosen to go to a two day conference at the other end of the country with three of our colleagues, and because it was so far away we would have to spend two nights there. Heaven… unless of course he decided to get together with someone else while we were there. One of the worst parts about being a married man’s other woman is that you can never trust the bastard unless he’s right there in front of you - preferably on his knees.

Maybe I should tell you about us? 

Right from the first day I met Rob – which was the day he interviewed me for my job – I knew he was going to be special. I never stopped thinking about him. Every time I spoke to him, my heart would pound and my mouth would get dry. I dreamed about him almost every night. However, it was when he started driving me to work that the sparks really started to fly. Before long we were spending all of every journey flirting, and we knew intimate details of each other’s sex lives. I knew his wife hated giving blow jobs. He knew my husband (now my ex-husband) was seeing someone else and I wasn’t getting any sex apart from with my vibrator. And so the scene was set. He took a detour down a quiet country road one night on the way home, parked up, and kissed me more deeply and passionately than I had ever been kissed before. Even now I get wet when I think about it…

The weeks before the conference were torture. Day after day of going to work, seeing those sexy blue eyes and broad muscular shoulders across the room, and counting the minutes until we could be alone together. All the time my brain was working overtime, trying to plan our liaison. Would things work out? How would I find out what room he was in without arousing my colleagues’ suspicion? How could we sneak off together at the end of the evening without anyone noticing? Would we attract attention by falling asleep during the conference sessions?

Finally the big day arrived. I was driving to the accommodation with one colleague while Rob took the other two girls in his car. And yes, I was paranoid about that too. I’ve been with Rob for long enough to know that he’s more than capable of multitasking while he drives. The journey took around five hours and it went so slowly I began to think the clock in the car had stopped, although I had to smile inwardly when I saw a roadside sign announcing that our destination was 69 miles away. Hmm, there was something to consider for later…

With around ten miles to go, I saw a familiar-looking car in my mirror – but before I had time to react, he came streaking past us. I wasn’t going to stand for that. Driving like a maniac, and with my colleague screaming alongside me, I slammed my foot down and went after him. There’s nothing like a high-speed chase to get a girl’s heart racing. Well, almost nothing…

So part one of the operation worked perfectly – I followed him, we all arrived together and I checked in to my room straight after Rob checked into his, making sure I overheard what room number the receptionist said as she handed over his key. And if there’s a God of Adulterous Liaisons, he was surely smiling down on us – we were put in the same block while all our colleagues got rooms in a different part of the building. This was going to be easy.

I managed to stay in my own room for about 90 seconds before temptation got the better of me and I headed up the stairs. As I knocked on Rob’s door, I could hear him talking on his mobile – that cosy little domesticated “I got here safely” call, no doubt. He let me in while he was still talking.

“What? No, it was just someone at the door.”

“Yes, fine.”

“I won’t.”

“See you later.”

A small part of me was triumphant. He didn’t say he loved her. 

And here I was, sitting on his bed.

He put the mobile down and smiled his gorgeous, sexy grin at me. God, I love that smile. It’s the main reason I’d never be able to break up with him. Still smiling, he walked over to the bed, where I was trying to stop my heart from jumping out of my T-shirt, and sat down beside me. Feeling the warmth of his huge muscular body, I leaned against his shoulder and sighed contentedly before turning my face up towards his. For what felt like the first time in months, we allowed ourselves one long, slow, passionate kiss, just like that first one all those years ago, and he certainly hadn’t lost his touch.

As his tongue softly explored my mouth, he leaned back and pulled me down on top of him. I’m pretty small so he’s always been able to put me exactly where he wants me. I felt his huge hands working their way inside the back of my T-shirt and unhooking my bra, then they came around the front to finish the job off. Obligingly I lifted my arms so that he could remove my top. I felt the familiar surge of adrenaline I always get when I’m undressed in front of him. I shivered with anticipation and leaned forward; he raised his head and took my nipple in his mouth, alternately sucking and nibbling it until it stood to attention, before moving across to the other one. My tits had been aching for this all day. Shifting slightly on top of him, I could feel his prick growing hard through his jeans. God, if our workmates could see us now…

Oh shit - workmates! We were supposed to be meeting them for a drink!

“We have to go downstairs.”

“Why?”

“We’re meant to be going for a drink, remember?”

“Shit, yeah. We’d better postpone this until later.”

So, there was going to be a later, then. I could hardly wait.

***

I don’t know how we managed to get through that long, long evening. Now that I had the taste of him in my mouth, I just wanted more, and I was sure he felt the same. But we had to spend hours sitting just inches apart in the bar, making small talk with our colleagues and chatting to other people who were arriving for the conference. Despite yawning ostentatiously several times, I couldn’t make anyone suggest that we all went to bed, and I certainly wasn’t about to raise the subject as I would be sure to turn bright red and look incredibly guilty.

After what seemed like an eternity, people began to drift away to their rooms and we agreed that it was time to turn in for the night. I for one didn’t want to stay in that bar a moment longer. So Rob and I said our goodnights to the others and headed off down the corridor to our block while they all went in the opposite direction. I silently congratulated my hypothetical God again on his excellent planning – here we were, walking brazenly off towards a night of unbridled passion, and nobody was turning a hair.

We reached the door to my room first. I glanced up at him and raised an eyebrow, questioning. He didn’t need to be asked twice. Without saying a word, he followed me into the dark room and quietly locked the door behind him. He leaned back against the counter, took me into his arms, and began to kiss my mouth and neck.

“It’s been far too long.”

“Mmm.”

“What would you like me to do to you?”

“This is just fine.”

“Anything else?”

“I’m sure you can think of something – although I did see a road sign earlier that gave me some ideas…”

As he began to remove my top, my hands were frantically unbuttoning his shirt, and when I felt the points of my nipples touching his warm, naked flesh for the first time, my knees almost buckled with the thrill.

“I want you so much. Look – I can hardly stand up.”

“Come and lie down then.”

We moved over towards the bed and he began to remove my jeans in that expert way of his. I, as usual, fumbled with his belt before struggling to unfasten his button. He laughed softly.

“You need some practice.”

“I know. You need to give me some.”

“I intend to.”

By now I could see his erection holding his boxers out in front of him. Boxers were something I didn’t have a problem removing, and as he’d already taken charge of my thong, I saw no reason to let them stay in my way a moment longer than necessary.

“Mmm. Do you know how many times I’ve thought about your cock today?”

“How many?”

“Just once. For about ten hours.”

“Turn round.”

He turned me round so that he was standing behind me, and softly bit the nape of my neck before gently pushing my shoulders forward towards the bed. My arms went out instinctively, and so there I was, presenting my ass to him like a gift. He always loved to do me from behind, and tonight was going to be no exception. As his hard cock entered me, I heard him groan quietly. Whenever we make love, that first moment of entry feels so good that I always want to capture it forever. 

As Rob thrust himself in and out of me, he moved us so that we were facing the full-length mirror on the wall next to the bed. Now this was getting interesting.

“Have you ever watched yourself before?”

“Not with someone else.”

“Would you like to?”

“Mmmm.”

In fact, this had been one of my fantasies for a while. I’d always enjoyed masturbating in front of a mirror but I’d never had the chance to watch myself being fucked. My hands were pressed up against the cold glass of the mirror but the sight of Rob behind me, combined with the feeling of his hot dick inside me while his balls gently slapped against my pussy, was a real turn on, and I pushed myself towards him eagerly, wanting every inch.

“Take me to bed. Fuck me hard.”

I make a lot of noise when I’m really horny, and I was getting carried away. God only knows what the guy in the next room was thinking. Still, Rob obliged and moved me back towards the bed, withdrawing himself reluctantly so that I could lie down.

“Isn’t this a bit conventional?”

“Not for us. We don’t usually screw in bed.”

This was true. Previous locations had included my sofa, Rob’s car, the stairs in my house, Rob’s office, and on one memorable occasion, my kitchen.

So to make love with him in the dark, at night, in bed, was an amazing new experience, and as he re-entered me I almost came with the excitement and the intimacy of being here with him. I could sense that he was getting close too, and we began to fuck each other harder, groaning, kissing, biting at each other until we could stand no more. Just before his cock emptied itself deep inside me, I came too, ecstatic in the knowledge that I was the only one who mattered to him right then.

As he lay on top of me, heavy, spent and exhausted, I couldn’t stop myself smiling.

***

Half an hour or so later, I was aware of Rob stirring beside me. We had been sleeping lightly, his arms around me, my back nestled into his chest. Now, however, his fingers began to stroke my breasts lightly and I felt him nuzzle the top of my head. As I became more conscious, I realised that he was erect again, and something made me remember that road sign. I turned and kissed him tenderly before moving my mouth slowly down his body.

Until I met Rob, I had no idea how much I could enjoy giving head. Every time my ex would try to persuade me to do it, I would invent excuses until he stopped asking. But Rob’s cock tasted so good, I couldn’t get enough, and I loved to listen to him moan as I swirled my tongue around him. 

“Mmm. You’re so good at that.”

“Mmm.” (My mouth was, as you’ll appreciate, a little occupied at this point.)

“Oh yeah. Suck it.”

But I wasn’t quite ready for that yet. I’ve always been a bit of a tease… Lifting my head slightly, I looked up at him and, as my eyes met his, I licked his shaft slowly from base to tip before lightly swirling my tongue around its swollen end. I could taste myself on him, and it was driving me crazy. Slowly I lowered my head again and began to take more of him into my mouth.

He reached down towards me, and I realised that he was trying to turn me around so that he could reach my pussy with his mouth. I congratulated myself on having shaved that morning, just in case. I know he loves it to be smooth so that he can feel how wet and slippery he makes it, and it was certainly getting that way now. As his tongue caressed my clit for the first time, I felt as though all the blood in my body was rushing towards that one little spot.

“Oh God, that’s good. Right there.”

“Don’t stop.”

I always forget that I can’t talk and suck cock at the same time! Still, my hand was working itself up and down his lovely firm shaft and I could feel his excitement growing to the point of no return. Not liking to disappoint, I bent my head back towards him and began to suck harder, taking as much as I could into my mouth before pulling back and teasing his knob with my tongue. Impatient, he began to thrust himself into my face, and one hand reached down and gripped the back of my head. All the while my own climax was building up inside me. As his tongue continued to explore my dripping cunt, I sucked and stroked even harder, squeezing his balls gently with my free hand. I felt his skin rippling as his orgasm approached…

“Oh yes! Yes! That’s it! That’s so good!”

I love that moment when he climaxes, when he’s completely at my mercy. However, I couldn’t enjoy it for too long before my impatient pussy started to demand some more attention. I allowed him a few seconds’ recovery time, then edged my groin closer to his face.

“Eat me.”

He never turns that invitation down, and now that he was satisfied, he could devote his whole attention to my aching pussy. He moaned softly as he flicked my clit with his tongue, but I was almost ready to scream the building down. Rob always seems to be able to sense when I’m about to cum, and he has this way of just holding his tongue still on my clit, putting me in a kind of breath-holding suspended animation… before he licks again and sends me tumbling over the edge. And I was definitely heading for the edge now. My hips arched up towards his mouth, wanting him just to move his tongue, just move it again, please… He relented and gave my clit what it wanted. I didn’t care if the whole city heard me as my body exploded.

“Oh yes! YES! Oh fuck, YEAH! That’s it!” 

As the waves of pleasure began to subside, my body relaxed and I laid my head on his thigh, my face nestled in his dark springy pubes. I wondered if we’d be able to sleep like this. Sadly, I soon had my answer.

“I’m going to have to go. This bed’s too small for both of us to sleep in.”

“Okay. If you must.”

Damn! I still wouldn’t be spending the night with him. But this had been amazing, and there was always tomorrow…

***

The next day was one of the longest of my life. Under normal circumstances, I would have been listening intently to all the lectures and seminars, but with Rob sitting alongside me I was finding it extremely hard to concentrate. I kept having flashbacks to the previous night, and shifting in my seat as I thought about how good his mouth had felt on my cunt. By lunchtime, I had thought about it so much that I had to make my excuses and head for the bathroom. But, although I got enough relief to see me through the afternoon, it just wasn’t the same without him. 

That evening there was a formal conference dinner with a 70’s theme. I had been planning my outfit for weeks, and it seemed to pay off. When I arrived in my tight leather pants, high heeled boots and sheer black patterned top, he looked me up and down appreciatively. I wondered if he could see my red and black lacy bra through the top – but he’d be seeing it soon anyway, I hoped…

I amused myself through the evening by drinking wine, dancing and taking photographs of my colleagues in ridiculous 70’s poses. Digital cameras are such a fabulous invention – these pictures would be great to email round my friends in the office when we got back! As the DJ played the third Bee Gees record of the night, though, I left the dance floor and sat back down next to Rob.

“I had to clean all the handprints off the mirror in my room this morning. I thought the cleaning lady might object.”

He grinned that grin again.

“I’m sorry.”

“That’s okay. In fact, I’m quite happy to do the same again tomorrow morning, if I need to.”

“You might. Unless we can think of something else to do.”

“I’m sure we can. What time does this thing finish?”

“Soon, I hope.”

***

It was late when we finally returned to our accommodation – the dinner had been held in a different part of town and the ride back, sitting next to a guy dressed as John Travolta who’d pushed onto the bus in front of Rob and stolen his seat, seemed to take forever. Rob caught up with me as I walked towards my room.

“You tired?”

“I’m not too tired, if that’s what you mean.”

“I was hoping you’d say that.”

I couldn’t get the key in the door fast enough. As soon as it shut behind us, he pulled me to him and we kissed ravenously, my hands clutching at his shoulders and his squeezing my leather-clad ass. He always said that was one of my best features. I began to unbutton his shirt, licking and nibbling at his chest as it revealed itself to me. As he pulled his arms out of the sleeves, I quickly removed my own top so that he could enjoy the view of my breasts in their new lacy underwear.

We stood for a moment, each taking in the view.

“You really are very sexy.”

“It takes one to know one.”

As his hands squeezed my tits, I moaned and slid my fingers down through the wiry hair on his belly to his jeans. This time they came undone easily, and I gasped as I looked down and saw the size of his erection.

“Oh my God. That thing is just begging me to sit on it.”

“Go ahead – I won’t complain.”

But I wanted to make him wait – at least for a while. I bent my knees and worked my way slowly to the floor, dragging my tongue down his chest and belly as I descended. Kneeling in front of him, I took his prick in my mouth and began to lubricate it with my tongue. As I worked, I became aware of him moving above me, leaning sideways as though he was reaching for something. I looked up, still holding his swollen cock between my lips.

Oh Jesus.

He had my camera in his hands, and he was pointing it straight at my face.

But what the hell. We didn’t get chances like this very often, so I wasn’t going to complain. In fact, I was finding the idea of being photographed a huge turn-on, and while Rob clicked away, I found myself brazenly staring into the lens as I stroked and tongued his cock. Time after time the camera flashed, and I felt hot, slutty and incredibly sexy. These particular photos would not be finding their way into my workmates’ inboxes!

“I thought you wanted to sit on it.”

“I do.”

I stood up and we moved over to the bed, removing our remaining clothing as we went. He sat down and I climbed on top, straddling him and pushing him backwards. I groaned as I impaled myself on him. The photos had made me really horny, and I wanted to fuck him senseless. Twisting and squirming around on his cock, I leaned forward and presented my nipple to his mouth. He sucked it greedily for a while before a thought seemed to occur to him and he stopped.

“How adventurous are you feeling?”

“Why? What have you got in mind?”

“Open the curtains.”

I considered this for a moment. We were on the ground floor, and immediately outside the window there was a car park. Anyone could have been out there. But we were a long way from home…
