 It was starting to look like just another boring day at the office. At least until Shannon signed in the IM. She is easily the sexiest young thing I have met through various chat and dating sights. Over the past year or so we have developed quite the friendship, without ever actually meeting. We briefly talked about Christmas, the previous weekend, and when she mentioned that she had received a martini set and cash, I (half)jokingly suggested that I come over so we can break in the martini set and then go spend the cash on something naughty.

"You better get here fast, or I'm gonna start without you," she said, and I could almost hear the ice cubes being dropped into the shaker. Wasting no more time, I shortly arrived at her apartment and true to her word, she had mixed up a batch already and had one poured and waiting for me. Quickly polishing off the vodka martinis she had made, we bundle up and walk out to visit her favorite shops on East Carson. 

After several stops, and purchases, a wicked sparkle comes across her eyes and she asks if I'm ready for a little fun. Taking my hand, she drags me in to the closest store before I get a chance to read the sign on the door. As my eyes adjust to the gloom, it becomes clear to me what she means. The racks of this shop are filled, wall to wall, with nothing but exotic lingerie. From basic bra and panty sets, to things I'm not even sure what to call, silk and satin to leather and even rubber, there seems to something for every lifestyle. In the cases by the register I see an even wider variety of sexual aids. Now I know where Shannon gets all her "toys".

Walking through the racks, we select several pieces for her to try on; a black lace bustier w/ matching silk panties, a fishnet body suit with bra and panty built in, and finally a leather corset and sheer black hose. This last the most daring outfit, as it would leave absolutely nothing to the viewer's imagination. As I guide us towards the back of the store and the dressing rooms, you leave my side and dart off, grabbing several more items, but hiding them under those already in your hands.

We reach the dressing rooms and you duck inside the first available, leaving me to wait for the show. Several minutes later you call me over and open the door. The sight before me takes my breath away. There you stand in the fishnet, body stalking, your 'naughty bits' barely covered by the built in patches of solid fabric, your long curly brown hair flowing over your shoulders and partially covering your full breasts. You give me a full 360 turn and pose provocatively, one hand on your hip the other reaching towards the sky; "You like?" All I can do is silently nod my head and applaud. You giggle and tell me to wait for round two, and quietly close the door.

When next you call me over, you open the door to reveal the bustier and panty set, your sexy legs bare to my gaze, your wondrous breasts practically spilling out, nipples barely covered by the black lace. Again you turn for me, this time pausing half way around and bending over. Your full ass is exposed to my view, as the panties you had selected are a sheer thin thong. I reach out and run a hand over one cheek, sliding it down your thigh. You playfully slap my hand away as you complete your turn. "If your ready for round three, I'm gonna need some help, go run and get the cute little redhead sales girl for me, ok?"

Your wish is my command at this point and I track down the sales girl and inform her that you need help in dressing room C. After several minutes, I hear the dressing room door reopen and she walks out, blushing, but with a smile on her face. I begin to feel a familiar twitching in my pants as that blush tells me I'm in for quite a treat. She motions me over and holds the door so I can get a full view of you in the last outfit.

"Holy sweet Mary, mother of God!" The words escape my lips before I realize I've said them. The vision before me is truly that of a goddess. You have slipped your 3-inch heels back on and with the sheer hose, your legs look to be sculpted from marble. The corset lifts and holds your breasts, up and out, making them seem even larger than they are, but does nothing to hide your rock hard nipples from my (or the salesgirl's) view. Even more exotic is the way the built in garters from your neatly shaven pussy hair, drawing the viewers attention to the cleft between your thighs. Your recent assistant pushes me in the room with you and closes the door behind us.

Seeing you in this, the most revealing and enticing of your outfits for the day, has brought me to full attention, and as I walk to you, you reach down and stroke me through my jeans. "Mmmmm, this is gonna look great in the items I've selected for you," you whisper in my ear.

You nod to a pile of skimpy fabric on the bench, and advise me to start with the top item and work my way down, as you undo my belt and begin to unzip my jeans. At that exact moment, there is a knock on the door and you open it to accept a short kimono type robe from the cute little redhead. Slipping it on over your current outfit, you give me a quick kiss and ask me to call you when I'm ready for her to see my first outfit. Then she walks out closing the door behind her.

Regaining my breath, I pull my sweater and T-shirt over my head, thankful that all the walking I've been doing lately has reduced "the Buddha" to a more acceptable size. Next I slip off my shoes and socks, and slide my jeans down my legs, stacking them neatly on the bench next to your clothes. Standing there in my boring, white cotton boxers, I finally reach for the first of the items you have selected for me. In my hand is a pair of boxers similar to those I'm wearing, although made of silk and covered in a paisley pattern. Quickly exchanging one pair for the others, I call you over and open the door. You run your eyes up and down my body, nodding in appreciation and motion that I should do a full turn. Getting into the spirit of things I slowly spin around, playfully thrusting my hips as I go.

You laugh and close the door on my gyrations, telling me to call when round 2 is ready. I turn around and grab the next item, pulling off the silk as I do. It is another pair of boxers w/ blue polka dots, but these seem to be a few sizes too small for me. As I pull them up my legs, I realize they are made of some spandex like fabric and are going to hug ever inch of my anatomy. This means that the full 7 inches of hard cock between my legs will be readily apparent to anyone within viewing distance.

I adjust my shaft the best I can and call out to you. My back is to you as you open the door. You reach out and grab my ass cheek, whistling in appreciation, then tell me to turn around. A little embarrassed, I slowly do as you ask. You step back to get a full view and again let out a soft sexy whistle, as your affect on me becomes clear. Coming into my arms, you kiss my bare chest and lean up to whisper in my ear again. "I can't wait to see that in the last one! I think you should skip straight to the black one at the bottom of the pile."

You slowly back out of the room, opening your robe to remind me what lies beneath it, causing my cock to twitch in its tight confines, and close the door. Anxious to get you back in my arms, hopefully without the robe, I peel off the spandex and dig through the pile for something black. What I find is barely enough fabric to cover me when I am soft, let alone in the state I'm in now. Never the less, with images of your amazing tits and garter framed thighs in my mind I slip it on. Much to my delight, this piece also has a bit of stretch to it, although when I turn to check myself in the mirror, I understand the term 'banana sling'. 

Swallowing my pride, I call out for you to open the door. When you do, I see the red-haired girl who had helped you earlier, standing there beside you. Blushing, I begin to protest until you say that since she got to se you in your final outfit it was only fair. She nudges you, nods in my direction, and whispers something in your ear. Giving me a 'thumbs-up' she walks back to the register area, leaving us alone in the rear of the store. Opening your robe, you walk into the dressing room with me, pulling the door closed behind you and engaging the lock.

Dropping your robe, you walk into my arms, your full breasts pressing into my chest as we kiss deeply. My hands reach down to cup and cradle your ass pulling you tighter against me, my hard cock pressing against your stomach. You say that I've been so good about the whole thing that I deserve a reward, and ask what I want. I decide to show you rather than tell you and turn you around to sit on the bench. Kneeling between your thighs, I run my hands up your thighs, past your stomach, and cup your breasts. Leaning in I lick and suck first one nipple then the other, my fingers pinching and twisting the one not in my mouth. 

After several long minutes of teasing your breasts, I kiss my way down over the fabric of the corset, pausing to tongue your belly button and then kiss the inside of your right thigh. I gently bite the soft skin of your inner thigh, first the right and then the left, constantly getting closer and closer to the very center of your pleasure system. You have one hand on your breasts, switching back and forth, and the other on the back of my head, guiding me where you long me to be.

Deciding you've been teased enough; I lean in and take a long deep breath, soaking in the scent of your arousal. I then run the tip of my tongue over your outer lips. Your quick inhale lets me know this is what you want. Up and down your lips I run my tongue, sometime flattening it out, sometimes using just the tip. Over and over, up and down. After a couple agonizing minutes, I slip my tongue between your lips, burying it as deep as I can, eliciting a deep moan from you.

In and out of your tight slick pussy I slide my tongue, alternating that with again lick up and down your lips. Finally, with both your hands grabbing the back of my head, I zero in on the hard little nub calling for my attention. I quickly flick the tip of my tongue over your erect little clit, causing you to writhe with the first of what I hope will be many orgasms. I am not to be disappointed. With every lick over your clit, I feel your body convulse with deeper and deeper tremors.

Upping the ante, I slip a finger between your slick lips and suck your clit hard between my lips. You buck even harder again me and pull my face tighter to your pussy. I add a second finger and begin to rub against your G-spot as I nibble on your clit. The combined sensations is too much for you and you cum so hard that we both fall to the floor, ending up with you straddling my face as I lay on my back.

As you regain your senses, you slide down my body until we are face to face. Kissing me, you lick your juices off my face, thanking me for the most intense orgasm of you young life. You fumble for your robe and use it to wipe the remaining juice off my face and take something out of the pocket. Tossing it aside you reach down and once again begin stroking my 7 inches. You pull the cock-sling I'm wearing off and then I feel something new sliding over my hardness. As I look down, I see that you have slipped me into an elaborate cock ring, complete with a 'ball-case'. "You've been at a state of full arousal for over an hour and I want you to last at least that long on this, our first time together," you whisper in my ear.

So saying, you rise up and lower your steaming pussy over my erect cock, slowly sliding down until you have all 7 inches buried inside you. Grabbing your hips, I hold you still, just enjoying the feeling of finally being inside the pussy I've dreamed of for so long. I lean up and kiss you deeply, our tongues wrestling back and forth between our mouths as we begin to rock in the age-old rhythm of love.

Lying back down, I allow you to take control for awhile, raising and lowering yourself slowly over the full length of my cock. Sliding all the way down, you stop and gently rock back and forth, rubbing your clit against my course hairs. You moan again, shuddering, as another little orgasm rolls through you. 

Sensing you need a rest, I roll over and raise myself over you. I grab your ankles and place them on my shoulders. Taking my stiff cock in hand I guide it to the entrance to your cunt, and slowly drive the full length into your tight slit. Pulling back I remove all but the head and then slide back in. Out... In... Out... In... gradually increasing my pace, until we are both close again. Not wanting it to end just yet, I pull all the way out and reach down, rubbing my thumb over your clit, sending you over the edge again.

Allowing you to come back down a little and for me to recover, I turn you around onto all fours, resting your arms and head on the bench. Climbing in behind you, I stroke both your sweet ass cheeks with my hands, allowing my thumbs to glide over your sensitive lips, eliciting soft moans. Finally you can take no more and beg me to finish you off. 

I move forward until the head of my cock is barely grazing your wet pussy lips. You whimper for me to fill you, and with one quick thrust I do exactly as you ask. With all 7 inches inside you, I begin to rapidly, and with great force, pound your dripping snatch. You are thrusting back with as much passion as I and moaning constantly as orgasm after orgasm roll through you. You beg me to come with you when you hit "the big One." 

I promise I will and reach around you to rub your clit and I pound you from behind, working to get you there quickly, as I know I could cum at any moment. With my other hand I reach down and prepare to rip off the cock-ring I am wearing as soon as you give the word. No sooner than I reach it, but you are screaming out as the most intense, powerful orgasm of the day hits you. I quickly whip off the leather encasing my balls and pull you tight against me. The force of my orgasm so strong that I almost pass out, as I feel spurt after spurt of my hot cum mix with yours deep in your dripping cunt. 

After what feels like hours, but can't be more than a few minutes, there is a soft knock at the door. Using your discarded robe to cover as much of us as possible, I reach up and unlock the door. Barely opening it a crack, I ask what they want. A small hand reaches through the slightly opened door with a couple of damp cloths, "Thought you might need these. We're closing up now, but you two take all the time you need. I'll let you out when you're ready." Seems our little redheaded friend has been listening in.

After recovering and cleaning up the best we can, we sip back into our original clothes and walk up to make our purchases. As I pay for all the items we have modeled for each other, I hear you say to the clerk, "And so much more!" 

As we walk out, I ask what that was all about. "Well, as she and I were checking you out in that black sling, she handed me the cock ring and said that with and what you were packing, I was in for a hell of a ride. She obviously didn't know about your considerable oral skills" That said, I take your hand in mine, and head on home to continue a night we will never forget.