 This story is a little long winded in the set-up. Please be patient it gets better near the end.

*****

As I was getting in my truck, I got a text message from an unfamiliar number. 'How was she? Can't wait to meet you.' was all it said.

I sent a text back, 'Who are you? Do I know you? Do you know me?'

'This is Glen. Right?' was the reply.

'Yes, So you know me... Toni?'

'Correct! You got me on the first try.'

'Where did you get my number?'

'Amy and I share everything. An I mean EVERYTHING.'

'Right. Where did you get my number?'

'I told you. I know her access code and I looked up recent calls. Put 2 and 2 together and came up with you.'

'So. What do you want, really?'

'To get to the man my best girlfriend deems good enough to have sex with.'

'How do you know we had sex?'

'I know. She does have a yammi full of joy juice now... Doesn't she?'

'I don't know.'

'Quit lying!'

'She may have douched it out by now.'

'So you DID fuck her!'

'Maybe.'

'She has never been so hot for anyone since I met her. Not even me. :-( '

'How hot?'

'I have never seen her cum so hard as she did last night.'

'What has that got to do with me?'

'She was a woman possessed after she read your stories. I've never had it so good.'

'So you came hard too?'

'Fuckin' AY!'

'Here she comes... I gotta go.'

'Wait! No!'

"What's happening Glen?" Amy asked as she approached my truck and opened the driver's door.

"Just having a text conversation," I answered.

"Let me guess. You're talking with Toni?"

"Uh... Yes." She snatched my phone from my hand and read our conversation.

"That BITCH!" she spit.

'Glen, are you there?' was the last received message.

'No you BITCH. GLEN IS DEAD!' Amy wrote on my phone.

'Amy?'

'Who else? You're gonna get it when I get home!'

"Lucky girl," I said reading over Amy's shoulder. Amy hit me hard on the shoulder. "Ow!" I yelled.

"What? You pussy! Wait... Let me see your shoulder." I pulled my shirt off to show her the bite marks she left on it. "Oh... My... GAWD!" she giggled. "Oh... You are so good."

"I am so good?" I questioned. "How could I bite myself on the shoulder?"

"No," she smiled. "You are so good... to make me bite you that hard. Let me see your back." I turned so she could see my back. "Zeusy... Joo got some splainin' to do." Amy said in her best Ricky Ricardo voice.

"Shouldn't that be, Lucy?"

"No. Lucy is a woman. Zeus is a god. You are my god. My love god."

"Ha...Please," I snorted. "Far from a god." I looked away for a second, and with good timing. "Get your hip waders on. We are in deep shit."

"Wha... Oh... That would be... Your wife, eh? She looks pissed. I am outta here."

"Coward," I laughed.

"I will call you." She jumped up on the running board of my truck and gave me a quick kiss. "I promise, I will call you." She gave me another, much deeper kiss, then took off toward her car.

"Just what the fuck is going on here?" my wife, Jackie, screamed as she flew out of her barely parked car.

"Hi. Just talking with Amy," I said.

"With your shirt off? And where did that bite mark come from?"

"Don't forget the claw marks on my back," I said with a smart-ass tone.

"That fucking slut!" Jackie yelled.

"Now hold on! She is not a fucking slut!" I snapped at her. "She doesn't have much experience with men." I guessed at that last statement. I just really didn't know how much experience she actually had. But as tight as her pussy was, I'd have bet my guess was accurate.

"Well, she put on one hell of a show then. You aren't good enough to cause a woman to claw your back and bite you like that!"

"How would you know? You haven't let me touch you in ages. And when you did, you were so stiff it was like fucking a corpse after rigor mortise had set in!"

"Well you are never going to touch another woman again. Your sex life is over! You are on the couch from now on."

"No... I am GONE!" I said. "I am going to come get some of my things; a few changes of clothes and get a room at one of those 'pay by the week' fleabag motels." Jackie didn't say another word. She got in her car and tore away from the clinic.

I went to the house and packed all the clothes I could get into three over-sized suitcases. "I will be back for the rest of my stuff when I get a more permanent place," I said as I headed for the door. 

"Who is cooking supper?" asked my 23 year old son. 

"Are you serious? Are you FUCKING SERIOUS?" I shouted in his face. "Get your MOTHER TO FUCKING DO IT!" I turned and left.

I had just pulled onto the highway heading east out of town, when my phone rang. I pulled to the side of the road and answered it. "Hello."

"Hi, Honey." the voice said. It was obviously Amy. "How did it go?"

"Not good," I said. "We argued in the parking lot. I told her I was leaving. Then went to the house packed some things and left. I owe my son a heart felt apology. I blew up at him for no reason. I will call him tomorrow, after things have cooled down a little."

"Where are you going to stay?"

"At JeffersInn, I guess. They have weekly rates."

"That roach motel?" she yelled. "I think not. Give me a little bit. My uncle owns Centennial Inn. I'll try to get you a good deal. My uncle loves me. I'll let you go for a minute, then call you back." The line went silent.

I got back on the highway headed for wherever. I may have gone a mile when my phone rang again. "Hello."

"Hi, Honey. It's me again. Didn't I tell you I would call? Anyway... I talked to my uncle. He will let you have a room for four hundred dollars a month. Maid service will only clean once a week. "

"Thank you Sweetheart," I said sadly.

"You know where Centennial Inn is, don't you?"

"Yes, just around the corner from the fleabags.

"Exactly," she giggled. "By the way, the first month is already taken care of."

"Amy. You didn't need to..."

"Yes I did. I feel responsible for you being there."

"How are you responsible?"

"I kissed you... twice when I saw your wife coming down the street."

"Oh and I am powerless to stop you?"

"Precisely," she giggled again. "But seriously. I felt at least partly responsible. Let me do this for you. Please?"

"I will find some way to pay you back." 

"Damn straight you will. What are you doing tomorrow night?"

"Staying in and licking my wounds. Probably.",

"Can I help?"

"Sure. I'll order room service."

"Prime rib. Broccoli. Rare on the Prime."

"Okay, Prime Rib and broccoli. What time?"

"Shoot for 7:00," Amy suggested. "I will try to be early."

"Excellent. Now, one question. Do I need to worry about your uncle accepting me? He won't try anything with you will he?"

"Ha. Ha. Ha. Oh, hell no. He's gay. You, on the other hand. I would be very careful around him."

"Serious?"

"Hee. Hee. Hee," she chuckled . "No. He's in a very committed relationship. Besides, you are not his type."

"His type?"

"Yeah. You are a He-Man. Masculine. Bearded. Tattoos. A man's man. He goes for the girly-man, bitch, flamboyant, fag type."

"I will keep that in mind," I laughed. 

"So... What do you want me to wear tomorrow, Honey?" she said, changing the subject. 

"Depends. Are we going out, or staying in? If we go out, where?"

"I'll tell you what. I will decide when I get dressed, then I will surprise you."

"Fair enough." I checked my rear view mirror just in time to see a Highway Patrolman pull up behind me. "Oh shit. Five-O. I will have to let you go for now. Talk to you when I get settled?"

"Sounds good. Kisses, Honey."

The patrolman stepped up to my window, I rolled it down. "Hi officer. How are you today?"

"I am good. How are you doing? Having problems?"

"No sir," I smiled. "I pulled over to take a phone call. I like to set a good example for the other morons... excuse me... motorists on the road."

"Are you done with the call?" he asked.

"Yes, I am. Just finished." 

"Very well. Have a good evening."

"Thank you sir. You have a great evening as well." He returned to his cruiser, and talked on his radio momentarily. I put my truck in gear, and eased back onto the highway. I pulled into the parking lot of the Centennial Inn about fifteen minutes later. There weren't many cars in the lot. I grabbed two of the suitcases out of the back of the truck and headed inside to check in. I set the case down and quickly went and got the remaining one. 

I stepped up to the desk and the clerk asked, "Would you be Glen Higgins?"

"Yes," I said, somewhat taken aback. "How'd you know who I am?"

"Good guess. We have the room ready for you. The bill is taken care of for the next month."

"That's what she tells me," I said.

"She? Would 'SHE' be Amy Paul?"

"Why... Yes."

"Her uncle owns the motel as you may already know. He told me to put you in a suite."

"Isn't that a little much?"

"Those were my orders. The suites are very nice sir. You also have access to the pool and the fitness room. You will be in room four eleven. Fourth floor, take a left off the elevator, and it is the last door at the end of the corridor." The whole time she was talking, she was also writing up the ticket and activating the pass card. "Okay Mr. Higgins, the elevator is there," she pointed to the doors at the end of the desk. "Enjoy your stay. Oh, I will get you some help with your luggage." She pushed a button on the side of the desk. He will be with you shortly."

Within seconds, a young man appeared from a door on the opposite end of the desk from the elevator doors. "Hello sir. I will get these for you," he said as he loaded my bags on a cart. He followed me to the elevator and to my room. "Suite four eleven... Nice." He unloaded my things once in the room. I gave him a twenty dollar tip. "Thank you very much," he said.

"Thank you," I said as the young bellhop took his cart and left the room. 

I looked around the room in amazement. It was the size of a modest apartment, and divided by fancy glass French doors. I stood in the living/dining/kitchenette area. Beyond the French doors was the huge bedroom. I walked in like someone walking into the Taj Mahal for the first time. The king sized bed sat in the middle of the far wall. It was adorned with a maroon crush velvet duvet and four huge pillows. The carpet, being the same throughout the suite, with exception the bathroom, was a super soft cream color. 

I walked through the bedroom, and to the left was a walk-in closet. To the right, was the bathroom. It was beautifully equipped. The toilet was one of those smart toilets that know exactly when to flush. Next to it, was a bidet. I had never used one before, so it was going to be a learning experience. The vanity appeared to be made of solid hickory, with a marble top, and clear glass sink. The shower was bigger than my entire bathroom back home. It was lined with dark blue faux marble tiles. T o enter, required two steps down. On two wall, there were a total of four shower heads and an enema hose. I think it is called a douche in Europe. 

I returned to the main room and stood in silent awe for a few minutes. Then reality set in. I was one step closer to the end of my marriage. I should have been more upset, I told myself. But my marriage had essentially been over for many years already. We just got too comfortable in our contempt to do anything about it.

I sat in one of the two over-stuffed chairs and simply stared at the wall for an hour or so. I think I drifted off into to a restless sleep. I had no concept of the current time, but I woke with a growling stomach. I looked at the bedside clock. It read 9:45 PM. It had only been about three hours since I left my family. It felt like an eternity.

I quickly unpacked my clothes and put them away. I stashed the suitcases in the back of the closet. I noticed I had unwittingly pack a book I was trying to finish, and my laptop computer. I was happy to see the computer. I could try to write another short for the story site. 

I tucked my pass card into my wallet and left to get something to eat at one of the all-night restaurants in the neighborhood. I decided not to get anything heavy as it was getting late. I ordered a dinner salad and a toasted cheese sandwich. I was done in no time, so left a more than fair tip, and went back to my room. 

I no more than got back to my room when my phone rang. "Hello," I said.

"Did you get settled?" asked the voice on the other end; Toni.

"Hi, Toni. Yes I did. Did you know Amy got me a suite?"

"Yes," Toni sighed. "She really likes you , ya know." I heard some shuffling in the background and Amy calling Toni a 'BITCH' again.

"Hi, Honey," Amy got to the phone. "How are you doin'?"

"I'm okay," I tried sounding convincing. I was not so sure of myself. And I also wasn't sure Amy was paying much attention to what I was saying as I kept hearing an obvious tussle on the other end of the line.

"Mmm... Dammit, Toni! I told you not to do that while I am the... Ah... Phone."

"Ow!" I heard Toni yell. "Get out of there!"

"Serves you right, BITCH," Amy shouted.

"I think you two need some alone time," I said. I suddenly felt like the unwanted third wheel.

"Hold on," Amy pleaded. "Don't hang up on us. We just wanted to check up on you. It's been a long crazy day... Oh, yeah, Toni. Right there, sweetie. Mmm. Oh shit... Glen, what time should I show up tomorrow?"

"Any time you want," I answered. "Is Toni coming?"

"No, but I am about t-t-to."

"Focus, Amy. Tomorrow. Is Toni coming here, with you, tomorrow?"

"Sorry, Honey. Oh... Shit," Amy moaned something I could not understand. "No, Honey. It issss, just you and... MMMM... ME!"

"Okay. Whenever you can make it is just fine with me." The phone went dead, which made me feel worse. My confidence was shot. I was convinced Amy would show up the next day and give me the brush-off.

I got undressed, took a long cool shower, and slipped sadly into bed. I tried to tell myself that what I was feeling was unwarranted and presumptive. As hard as I tried I couldn't escape the feeling I was on a one time joy ride. Maybe just a sympathy fuck. Cause, why would a woman like Amy want anything at all to do a slob like me. I listened to my wife's rant far too closely and was now believing she was right.

At about 7:00 the next morning, I gave up trying to sleep. I couldn't get comfortable, though the bed was just the right firmness. What kept me restless were the thoughts that wouldn't quit, and the emptiness of this huge bed. My wife and I hadn't had sex in over two years and we kept to our sides of the queen bed. But, even though it was just a body next to me, it was a body. 

I got dressed, and pulled my laptop out to write a new story. I stared at the screen for a few minutes, but couldn't get in the right frame of mind to put words on the screen. I gave up trying and shut the computer down. 

As if it were scripted, there was knock on the door almost immediately after I shut down my computer. I opened the door to see an elderly man in a Hawaiian shirt and white cotton slacks. "Good morning Mr. Higgins. I am Robert Paul. Amy's uncle."

"Good to meet you, sir," I offered my hand and he shook it. "I have a great opportunity now to thank you for this, Mr. Paul."

"Please. Bob. As in Kneel and..." He laughed hysterically at his own joke. I laughed right along with him, remembering a rant by Andrew Dice Clay in one of his stand-up comedy routines. "I talked to Amy bright and early this morning. She was upset and wanted me to check in on you."

"Why was she upset? She sounded very happy when she hung up on me last night."

"That's why she was upset. She said she felt bad for not paying attention to you while you were on the phone."

"Toni called me... I was feeling a little down that they would do that."

"Let me tell you, they didn't do that on purpose. Granted, they shouldn't have been messing around like that while they were supposed to be talking to you, but, they dropped the phone and broke it."

"Well that explains a lot." 

"That's why she is so upset. Would you like me to relay a message to her? Oh... before I forget. She did say she will be early this afternoon."

"Thank you, Bob. And no new messages. I will see her later."

"Okay, son. Enjoy the suite."

"Thank you again, Bob."

"She really likes you. I mean she REALLY LIKES, you. I hope you know that."

"I am beginning to get the picture. Thanks to you... Once again."

"It's been my pleasure. That girl means so much to me. She's like a daughter, and I would do anything for her. Treat her right. I may be a fag, but I am still a man. If you hurt her, I will kick your ass."

"I promise to treat her right." 

"Great! Well, I have to go do some of that hotel owner shit. I will no doubt see you around." He offered his hand again and I shook it. He smiled and left. I felt a lot better than I did earlier. 

I spent the next couple hours reading my book. I rather enjoyed the quiet time. Near noon, I studied the menu for room service. Nothing really interested me so I ran uptown for some Chinese. Once done there, I went back to my room and channel surfed until nearly 4:00. One last time through the guide yielded nothing but reruns and garbage I wouldn't watch on my worst day.

I turned off the TV, and picked up my book once again. I got only about two pages read when a knock on the door changed my plans of the next couple hours. I opened the door, and Amy jumped at me, hugging me tighter than I ever remember being hugged before. I pulled her into the room and closed the door behind us. I held her close for over a minute, when I heard her sniffling. "Amy, Sweetheart. Is something wrong?"

"I am so sorry, Honey," she sobbed as she pulled back to look into my eyes. "I feel so bad about last night."

"I thought that when you hung up on me, I was done. I thought you had decided I wasn't what you were looking for. It wouldn't surprise me if I didn't hold your interest."

"Did Bob tell you what happened?"

"Yes. He said you when you two were playing around and talking to me at the same time, one of you dropped the phone and broke it."

"I am sorry," she said again. "We should have waited till after we got done talking with you to make love. Toni got me so worked up, then out of the blue decided to call you. I think she wanted you to hear how hot I still was. How hot you made me. I still haven't come down completely."

"So I couldn't satisfy you?" I was talking myself into feeling inadequate right there in front of this hot woman. 

She lightly hit me on the shoulder, "Where did you ever get the idea you didn't satisfy me?"

"My wife told me during that argument in the clinic parking lot, I wasn't good enough to make you crazy enough to make you bite me that hard and to leave claw marks in my back." I tried to read her reaction. What I saw was a glimmer of anger. "She said you were faking it. That you had to be one hell of an actor."

"Oh... That... Calm Amy," She took a couple deep breaths. "If you knew me, and I think you do, enough. You would know that I don't fake things like that. What did I do to you, when you made me cum?" 

"You nearly tore my dick from its roots. And you messed the desk with the deluge from your sweet pussy."

"I couldn't fake that."

"No," I said. "I knew that. I just didn't think it through when the phone went dead last night. Your uncle really brought me back to reality. You must have had quite the conversation with him." 

"What did he say?" she asked. She released me from her bear hug and brought her hands up to stroke the back of my neck with her left hand and run her fingertips up and down my cheeks. "I hope it was good."

"He said you really like me. God knows why."

"He's is right, you know. And I cannot put my finger on it. Other than the physical attraction, there is something inside you that has touched something inside me. I feel connected. I am told by so many to not allow myself to fall like this. Especially not knowing the man."
