 The buzzing was annoying, but she supposed that was the point. The morning light had just begun to peak through the curtains and fill the room. Stephanie rolled over to the edge of their old fashioned four-post bed and swatted at the alarm clock to silence it, and then extended herself into a long, slow, satisfying morning stretch. She felt the sheets slide along her nylon covered legs and the sensation excited her. As she often did, she had worn pantyhose to bed the night before because she knew that he liked them and because she enjoyed the feeling of the nylon on her legs as she moved beneath the sheets.

She brushed her auburn hair away from her eyes and looked to her left. He was still asleep, which was adorable, but also a problem, since he had to be to work in an hour. Rob was never one for mornings. She rolled over and ran her silky foot up the back of his leg to rouse him. He barely moved. Seeing that more decisive action was needed, she spooned up behind him, slid her hand down his body and teasingly ran her fingertips along the length of his morning erection. He moaned in response and she knew he was waking up.

"Happy birthday sweetie. It's time to get up," she whispered into his ear.

He slid his hand behind him and cupped her pantyhosed ass with his hand. She curled her top leg up and over his hip, giving him an entire leg to caress. This was enough to get him to open his eyes.

"Well, Good Morning," he said, waking more fully. 

He slid his hand up and down her leg and, rolling onto his back for better access, let his fingers come to rest between her thighs, slowly kneading her pubic mound through the skin-tight material. 

"You really are a tease sometimes, you know that?"

"Yup, but you love it and you know it," Steph replied. "Come on, you need to get ready."

"Just a few more minutes," Rob said childishly.

"I know it sucks but I tell you what. I'll make it up to you, being that it's your birthday and all. What would you like?" Steph asked with an innocent look on her face, knowing that, even if he was still half asleep, she had left a door wide open for him.

"Well, that's a pretty broad invitation," Rob said becoming more awake as he considered the implications. "Let me think for a second." 

He propped himself up on a couple of pillows so he was almost seated, and thought for a moment. Stephanie took the opportunity and teased her leg along Rob's thigh. She ran her nylon encased knee up to his abdomen and took hold of his now semi-hard cock. She nested it behind her knee and slowly began to stroke him. Rob's cock stiffened and he almost lost his concentration, but opportunities like this come around only once in a while, and for someone as "sexually creative" as Rob, you never want to let an opportunity pass you by.

Rob blinked his eyes a few more times and, as he looked around the room trying to come up with something he hadn't thought of before, his eyes came back to where he was laying and a thought popped into his head. 

"I can tell you what I would love to come home to," He said with a mischievous look on his face.

"What would that be?" Steph asked, knowing that when he got that look on his face she was in for something interesting.

"When I get home tonight, I'd like the first thing I see when I walk into this room to be you on that corner bedpost by the door."

Steph wasn't really sure that she understood what he was talking about, but not being one to admit ignorance too soon, she looked at the bedpost and thought for a second. Slowly, it dawned on her exactly what he meant and she looked back at him with a combination of amusement at the idea, thinking that he was kidding, shock that he would even come up with such a thing, and just a twinge of arousal at her own personal curiosity. As she turned to look at him again, she found him gazing back at her with a kid-in-a-candy-store look on his face. It was then that she realized that Rob was serious. 

"Really?!" was the only thing she could think to say.

"I'm completely serious," was the reply. "I think that could well be the hottest thing I've ever seen."

As he said this, Rob slid his hand down the inside of Stephanie's pantyhose and his probing fingers found her clit. Grasping it between his first two fingers, he began to gently rub in very slow, deliberate circles and Steph's body began to respond. She could feel the dampness begin to build between her legs and she pushed back against Rob's hand.

Steph had just enough presence of mind to utter, "Let me think about it while you shower," at which point Rob looked at the clock and realized that he was going to be late. 

He kissed Steph passionately, but quickly, withdrew his hand from her aching mound, and headed for the bathroom. 

"You think about it," he said as he began closing the bathroom door. "I know I will!" 

The door closed and Steph heard the shower start to run. She sat up a little more in bed bringing her bare breasts out from under the sheets for the first time that morning. She didn't have large breasts, an athletic B cup that she had always felt suited her body, but they were very sensitive and the cool morning air in the room made her nipples stand at attention. She missed Rob's hand at her clit and slid her own hand into her pantyhose to make up for the absence. She slid her fingers between her lips and spread the wetness around. She dipped two fingers into her pussy and slowly stroked her inner walls while the heel of her hand ground into her clit. As her arousal began to build, her mind returned to the challenge Rob had so deviously laid before her. She looked over at the bedpost, which, although she had never thought about it in this light before, did seem a little phallic. 

Their bed was one of the older style dark wood four-post beds, and each of the posts were topped with an upside down pinecone style post top. The post top was large but it wasn't massive; probably five inches tall and three inches wide at its thickest point. It had the stereotypical bumpy exterior and a glossy finish. Its bottom tapered back toward the post and just below the pinecone was a ring of wooden leaves that drooped toward the floor and extended outward in an upward facing cone. Below these leaves was a fluted post which extended from the post top down to where the post met the bed frame. The two posts at the head of the bed were a good seven feet tall, but the two at the foot of the bed were only about three or three and a half feet tall and it was the one of these shorter posts closest to the bedroom door that Rob had indicated in his request.

As she worked her hand into her pussy, she though about whether she could possibly do it. Rob was incredibly caring and devoted, but he had a lot of kinky tendencies, and the combination of these two traits was a big reason she had fallen in love with him. They had only been married for a year, but they had dated for a few years before, and in that time they had explored practically every aspect of sex and sexuality they could think of, and thanks to the internet, even a few they hadn't thought of. She wasn't fond of the thought that she had been sheltered, but she had never really thought about the many variations of sex before she met Rob. But sheltered or not, she always kept an open mind and it had taken her to places and given her pleasures she had never imagined. Together, they had found a number of things they weren't big on, and even a couple of things they would flat out never try again. But there had been a number of things which had gotten them both really hot and which they found that they loved to share with each other; pantyhose, light bondage, and anal play being among them and those things ended up in their regular bag of tricks. Luckily, she was an athletic girl to begin with and her slender 5'8" frame allowed for some pretty interesting contortions and possibilities. Rob had always said that one of his favorite thrills was seeing Stephanie laying on her back, her legs spread as wide as any gymnast could hope to achieve, her glistening hairless pussy dripping hot juices as his cock slides in and out of her asshole, and watching the muscles in her toned flat stomach ripple as orgasm after orgasm ran though her body.

It was as this thought ran though her mind that she realized she was about to cum. She quickly withdrew her had from her now gaping slit and made up her mind. She would do it. She would do it, one because she loved him, and had never denied him anything when it came to her body or her sex, and two, because there was a small part of her that was strangely and surprisingly turned on by the idea and she wanted to know if she could pull it off.

When Rob emerged from the bathroom Stephanie was propped up at the head of the bed, pert breasts standing at attention, knees bent, legs spread, and her hands were slowly running up and down the length of her pantyhosed legs.

"God how I love you, but you do not make this easy," was the only thing that came from Rob's lips. 

Steph rolled forward on the bed and crawled to Rob on her hands and knees, nylon covered ass wagging in the air behind her. 

"I love you too," she said, as she reached him and lowered her head to take his freshly showered cock into her mouth. 

Rob was hard almost instantly. He was an average sized guy, but Steph had always found that she adored his cock. She wasn't sure if it was the proportion, or the sweet taste of his skin, or the way it curved upward just right so that when she was pierced by it, the head hit this spot deep inside her that just made her drip with desire to always have him lodged within her sex. As her pouty lips worked over his shaft, Rob cursed playfully at her under his breath.

"You know I have to be at work in twenty minutes," he gasped as she teased her tongue along the underside of his head.

"I know," she said, removing his cock from her mouth with a satisfying popping sound, "but I wanted to make sure that you were thinking of me all day long and how I'm going to look impaled on that bedpost, obediently waiting for you to come home." 

She raised her eyes to meet his with the most innocent look she could muster and slid his cock back into her mouth. She buried it all the way at the back of her throat, then slowly pulled it from her mouth, sucking hard along the full length of his shaft until it again popped from her mouth. She sat back with her feet under her perfect ass, legs spread, hands behind her back, and looked at him sweetly. 

"Is there anything else you'd like to include in this little image of yours?"

Rob looked at her with a sense of overwhelming lust, then leaned in and kissed her with a passion which took Steph by surprise. Their tongues intertwined and she thought for a second that she might cum, but Rob pulled away and looked lovingly into her big blue eyes. 

"Just you, a pair of pantyhose, a pair of heals, and nothing else," he smiled.

Rob tried to regain his composure and get himself dressed. He had managed to work his way up the ladder at one of the local law firms and had reached a level where he could provide a very comfortable life for Stephanie and himself, but that position came with responsibilities, and one was actually getting to work on time. A task which was not made any easier by the fact that Step had resumed her previous position, propped up at the head of the bed, seductive nylon covered legs spread wide, only this time, her hand had gone back to work on her gaping her pussy. Her juices had begun to run down the crack of her ass and he could see a wet spot forming on the sheet below her. Steph had always been a very wet lover and it didn't take a lot to get her pussy sopping wet, a fact that both she and Rob loved. The more excited Steph became the more her pussy would flow and during really intense sexual moments she would squirt when she came.

Rob shook his head to clear it, got into his suit as fast as he could, leaned across the bed, and kissed Steph goodbye. At the same time he ran his hand down her flat stomach, into her pantyhose, took hold of the hand that was working at her pussy and thrust her own fingers into her as deep as he could. Steph's eyes widened as her pussy was filled and she thrust her tongue deeper into Rob's mouth. 

As their kiss ended and Robs hand retracted from her crotch, she whispered, "I love you." 

Rob stood up, straightened his tie and said, "I'll see you at five." 

And then he was gone.

Stephanie was left alone in their bedroom with her hand in her pussy and an overwhelming desire to get fucked harder than she had ever been fucked in her life. Slightly dazed from being so completely aroused, she decided that the best first step would be a nice cool shower. She thought it would be a good contrast to the heat she was feeling, and it would give her the chance to come down from being so ridiculously horny. She had decided that she wouldn't let herself cum until that night when Rob got home so that she could be as horny as possible for him when he got home and saw her with a bed post buried inside of her.

She dislodged her fingers from her now drenched pussy and felt the satisfying snap of her pantyhose as the combination of the tight nylon and her own fluids clung to her bare mound. She rolled herself out of bed and moved to the bathroom. She ran the shower, got the water to a good cool temperature, slid her pantyhose off her legs and stepped under the running water. She could swear she saw steam rising from her breasts as the first drops of water cascaded down her trim body, following the muscle tones in her abs and legs. She grabbed the body wash from the shower shelf and squirted out a decent portion. She took time lathering her body and enjoyed the slippery sensations as her hands glided over her breasts and pubic mound. She allowed her hands to linger on her ass cheeks and to part them slightly as she worked the lather into the crack of her ass. The lubrication made it easy for her to slide her fingers into her asshole and she thrilled at the tight sensation as her rectum engulfed her fingers. She inserted two fingers and spread them apart letting the running water tease the inner edges of her anal ring. She felt herself getting hot again and knew that she would not be able to hold off an orgasm for long, so she reluctantly withdrew her fingers and allowed her anus to close.

She ran her hands along her legs and knew that she would need to shave. She slid her hand over her pussy and felt a small bit of stubble there as well. She preferred waxing to shaving when it came to her pussy, so she made a mental note that she would need to hit the salon while she was out shopping. She grabbed the shaving cream, turned off the water in the shower and lathered up her legs. She grabbed a fresh razor and began to run it along her legs in long strokes, making sure that she got to every inch. When she was satisfied that her legs were as smooth as they could be, she let the water run again and rinsed herself clean. 

Stepping out of the shower, she toweled herself off and finished off her usual morning activities; brushing teeth, brushing hair, making coffee, having breakfast. Finally, she made her way back to the bedroom to get dressed. As she re-entered the bedroom, she noticed the bedpost perfectly situated as soon as you walked into the room, and her mind flashed to an image of what she would look like mounted on that pinecone post top. The image aroused her and she could understand why Rob had thought of it. As she walked past the bed, she noticed that the top of the bedpost came up to her waist. She was going to need some serious heels to be able to manage this and still have her feet touch the floor. She stood on her toes, did some quick mental math, and decided that three inch heels should do it; another thing for the shopping list.

She went about making the bed, then went to her closet. She pulled out a white flowered sundress that hung just above her knees and a pair of strappy heels to match. She lifted the dress over her head and allowed the light fabric to drape over her slender frame. She had decided to forgo a bra as often liked to do and she knew that panties would be a bad idea if she was planning on getting waxed. She strapped the heels to her feet and walked into the bathroom to take some ibuprofen. It helps to keep down any swelling from the post waxing irritation. She threw her hair up in a clip, posed for herself in the mirror, and ran her hand over her pussy, thinking of the things she needed to accomplish before tonight. Looking in the mirror one last time and deciding she was happy with what she saw, she walked to the front door, grabbed her keys, and headed for the car.

It was a short drive to the mall, and it was a great summer day to be out. The sun was shining, and the soft breeze tugged at the hem of Steph's dress, whipping its way between her legs to tickle her bare pussy. As she entered the mall, she ran through her shopping list and decided that she would deal with her hosiery shopping first. She walked to the end of the mall, to the largest of the department stores, and after locating the correct department, she set about looking for just the right pair. This was always her favorite part about pantyhose; the variety. She could get lost in all of the colors and patterns, styles and thread weights. But there was no time for casual browsing today. It was approaching noon and she had things to accomplish. 

She took a quick look around and, after deciding that it was definitely a "high end" kind of day, she settled on a sheer-to-the-waist pair of Charnos hose that were heavier weight than everyday hose since she didn't want then to run unnecessarily. She also chose the pair because they were very high gloss. She wanted to draw as much attention to her legs as possible, and the almost glassy appearance of these pantyhose were sure to do the trick. As she walked to the register, she realized that the pantyhose selection process and the thoughts that went with it, of sliding the soft translucent fabric up the length of each leg, sliding the firm waistband over her ass and snugging the crotch up tight to her clit, had made her a little wet and she could feel just a hint of her own juices beginning to slide down her inner thigh. She thought about discreetly wiping it away, but decided to let it run. No sense hiding it, since it was bound to happen again before she made it home. 

She made her purchase at the register and, after throwing a wink to the teenage cashier when she caught him staring at her breasts (her nipples were erect and making it rather obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra), she headed in the direction of her favorite shoe store. She browsed the selection for a little while trying to decide between some form fitting calf high boots and a simpler high heel look. She settled on a glossy black, open toe pair with the required three inch heel. The best part of this particular pair was that they included an ankle cuff with a small gold buckle. She had always loved this style. It made the shoe more stable when you were walking or standing, but it also had a hint of bondage to is, which just barely suggested that the wearer might be somewhat less than respectable in the privacy of her own bedroom. She also knew that Rob liked them because it meant that he could use the heel as a handle when they were having sex and the shoes wouldn't simply slide off, making it very easy for him to bend and stretch her long legs however he desired. Steph again paid for her purchase, this time with an older female cashier who gave her a very disparaging look, she assumed for the same reasons that the previous cashier had so obviously enjoyed. Steph didn't care though, since she knew she was getting laid tonight and, odds are, this cashier wasn't; at least, not with that attitude.
