 The hot water felt wonderful as she eased into the bathtub. Relaxing and leaning against the wall letting the hot water ease her tired muscles. Closing her eyes and letting the hot bath works its magic she let her mind wander. Mentally going thru the list of things she wanted done before he arrived for the weekend. It was not often they had a whole weekend together and she wanted it to be perfect.

she woke with a start. She must have dosed for a minute. Sitting up she reached for her bath gels and washed herself. She chose strawberry scents for tonight. it was one of her favorites. Getting out and drying off she set about her routine of drying her hair slipping on her bra and panties she stopped to look at herself in the mirror. She tried to see herself as he saw her but all she saw was the same face and body she has always seen. His compliments always made her feel wonderful and special. But she just could not find the woman he seemed to see inside her. Reaching over she grabbed her clothes and quickly dressed. As she finished she heard his car pull into the driveway.

Smiling she left the bathroom to go greet him. Watching his approach from his car she could not help but notice the way he walked. Even though he was smiling at her she could see how tired he was. Returning his smile she moved forward to greet him. Their arms wrapped around each other, holding each other tightly. She pulled back to smile at him and place a gentle kiss on his lips. "Welcome home" she whispered to him. "I missed you". He pulled her back into his embrace and nuzzled her neck. Walking arm and arm they went into the house.

As she turned to close the door she felt his arms wrap around her from behind. She smiled and leaned back against him. The world always seemed perfect when he was with her, holding her and telling herhow wonderful she was. She tilted her head to the side as his mouth moved softy across her neck. Her eyes closed as her body responded instantly to the slightest touch from him. He always made her feel so alive. When she felt his arms loosen slightly she turn in his arms to face him. She was concerned by the fatigue she saw on his face.He needed some time to relax and unwind and she knew just how to do it. 

Giving him a quick kiss she moved away from him and grabbed a couch throw to spread on the floor. Taking his hand she lead him to stand beside it. "I think you need a good massage, " she said as her hands went to work removing his shirt. Letting her fingers caress his skin as she pulled it up and over his head. "A massage sounds great sweetheart but you know it will not stop there" he teased as helped her remove his pants. Leaving him naked before her.

she told him to lay and get comfortable while she went into the other room to grab the oils. She returned to kneel beside him and placed a good amount of oil in the palm or her hand and gently rubbed across his neck, shoulder and back. When it was evenly spread her hands moved to start rubbing and massaging his neck. Gently moving her fingers across it in small circular motions. As she felt him slowly relax she massaged a little harder and let her hands move down to his shoulders. Rubbing and massaging. Squeezing the skin softly then harder to try and remove the stiffness from his long drive that day. Caressing her hands back and forth for a second before rubbing again. As the tension faded she moved her hands down further onto his back. Doing the same motions, not missing a spot. Adding oil as needed to let her hands slide easily across his skin. 

Her fingers moved to his lower back and bottom...moving between the two areas. Rubbing and kneading relieving any tension that still remained. Her fingers lingered on his ass. She let her fingertips tease across the cheeks and into the crack that divided them. Back and forth going from fingertips to nails. She smiled as she could see him start to squirm.

She let her fingers move down the crack of his ass to tease the base of his balls making him squirm even more. She did not stay in that area to long. She had more massaging she wanted to do before he got too excited. She oiled her hands again and moved them down his legs. One hand on each one. Rubbing from the top all the way down. First the back of his legs, then the outsides, then the insides. She moved to the end of the blanket to do his feet. Taking one at a time onto her lap. Kneading the skin with her fingers and rubbing each toe. When she was finished she instructed him to turn onto his back so she could start on the front.

As he rolled to his back her eyes moved across his body. She smiled when they came to rest on his hard cock. She wanted so badly to take it in her hands and hold it tightly. To lick all over it then suck softly on it. But she knew it was to soon. She had to finish her massage first. It was not often she was the one to do the teasing and she was not going to let it end just yet.

She moved to straddle his stomach and oiled her hands once again. Their eyes connected as her hands moved across his neck and shoulders. She could see the desire building in his eyes and she was sure he could also see it in hers. This massage was having the same affect on her as it was on him. She wanted to make it last forever. To let it build till there was no holding back. 

Her fingers were more gentle on the front of his body. More teasing then massaging. Gliding across his skin. Her nails lightly scratching trails down his neck and across his shoulders and down onto his chest. She loved his chest. To kiss it or touch it was a big turn on. She let her hand rest over his heart and feels it beat. Faster then normal. She looked up and caught his eyes once more with her own as her fingers moved to circle his nipples. He gave a soft moan as she teased all around it. She took the hard nub in between her fingers. Rolling it and pinching softly, then leaned over to blow softly across it. His hands were moving up and down her legs. 

When they reached her hips he grabbed and moved her back just a little. She could feel the head of his hard dick poking her butt cheeks. She moved herself back a little more and rubbed her pussy back and forth across it, making her catch her breath at how great it felt. She had to do it again. Pressing down harder onto it as she massaged him with her pussy. His hands were squeezing her hips hard as she moved. "I can't take much more sweetheart,” he told her.

She leaned down to kiss him then. She nipped his bottom lip and teased it with her tongue. His hands moved into her hair as they kissed passionately. Their tongues exploring and teasing. She moaned into his mouth. She could not stop herself. She was getting out of control herself. She did not want to tease him anymore.She wanted him inside of her. To make her explode like only he could do. She tried to move her hips so she could move herself onto him. His hands went to her hips once more and stopped her. He held her so she could not adjust herself to move onto him. When she looked at him he smiled at her this time. She growled at him. "Not just yet,it is my turn to tease,” he told her as he moved quickly and before she knew what was happening she was the one on her back. 

His hands moved across her body.His mouth moved to one of her nipples as his hands continued to caress her. She arched her back and gave a loud moan as he gently took it between his teeth. His tongue teasing the hard nub until she was wiggling and squirming beneath him. Her hands moved into his hair as he started to suck on it. She was pushing it into his mouth wanting more. She thought she heard him chuckle once but thought it must have been her imagination. As his mouth moved to do the same to the other one she was close to begging. She was on fire everywhere. She could feel his hands moving along her inner thighs now and she moved her hips down trying to get him to touch her there. To give her the release that was right there but she could not reach. When the side of his hands brushed across her hot pussy she did beg. She needed his touch there so badly. She begged him to give it to her. "Please. I can't take anymore". She begged, "Just a little more sweetheart, I just got started" he whispered back to her.

His mouth moved from her tits and was working their way down her stomach. Across her stomach and down to tease bellybutton. His hands moved to spread her legs farther apart as his mouth moved lower. Her hands were still in his hair. Holding his head and trying to move him to the place that need his attention the most. He would not let her rush him though. His fingers teased the outside of her pussy. He could feel how hot and wet she was. She was definitely ready for him. He loved watching her squirm and lose control. To know that he could have this affect on her was just as much a turn on for him as it was for her.

They seemed to bring out the best in each other. His tongue replaced his fingers that were teasing her. He had to hold her hips still as he licked all around her. Getting closer and closer to her clit with his tongue with each stroke. She was trying to move her hips. Trying to bring his wonderful mouth to her clit. It was on fire. She was begging him. Over and over. He finally gave her what she needed. As his tongue licked across her clit she moaned loudly. Close to screaming.

He moved a finger into her wet pussy as his mouth closed over her clit. She came instantly. She arched her back and stiffened beneath him. Her hands holding his head tightly. He licked and kissed gently till she calmed. Her fingers caressed his hair and down to his shoulders as she tried to get her breathing back to normal. He moved to cover her completely with his body. 

She reached between them to wrap her fingers around the hard cock that still needed to be taken care of. She brushed her fingers across the juices that were there and rubbed it all over the head. One hand moved to cup his balls. Holding them and massaging them in her hand. She wrapped her legs around his hips as she guided his cock to the warmth that was ready and waiting for him. He entered her slowly.

Her heat surrounding his cock as he moved till he was buried deep inside her. She was so hot and tight around him. He stayed still for a moment. He was trying to go slow. To savor every moment. To make it last forever. But she was not cooperating. Her hips were grinding upward onto him. Trying to get him in deeper. Her pussy muscles were gripping im hard. Her mouth was moving on his neck. Her teeth nipping, her tongue licking. Her nails were scratching his back and his ass. He could not hold back anymore. 

He started moving. In and out. Slow smooth strokes at first, till her nails dug into his ass checks. He thrust harder into her. Her moans becoming louder. She was going to cum again. She was almost there. Her fingers gripped his ass harder and she pulled him deeper and harder into her. Her hips meeting his hard thrust. His moans blended with hers. His cock was ready to explode. He slammed into her again and again. They came together. Her pussy muscles gripping and sucking the cum from his cock. Their hips thrust and grinded onto each other’s till there was nothing left to give. Her arms held him tight as he collapsed on top of her. Their hands caressed each other softly. 

He rolled to the side taking her with him. Still inside of her. They look into each other’s eyes and kissed softly. She moved as close to him as she could. Never wanting a distance between them. His arms held her to him as she nuzzled his neck. Kissing it softly before closing her eyes and slowly drifting off to sleep. He rested his head on hers and closed his eyes. His mind already planning the morning. This was just the beginning.

As she snuggled in close to him, there was no mistaking the deep feeling they had for each other. The intimacy they had just expressed could not be faked.he knew that she had been denied the joy that being in a true relationship could bring. It took time to get her to realize that he would not distance himself from her, or abandon her. They had waited to become this intimate, waited until they both felt comfortable enough to know that it was more than just physical. Romantically and sexually, they were so compatible. Now lying together still warm from their passionate lovemaking he began to harden inside of her his cock was growing back to it’s full length and state of readiness, while still nestled deep inside of her cum-filled cunt.

she stared at him in wonder, and then started to slowly rotate her hips as the feeling of passion started to ignite a fire that she thought was extinguished, at least for the moment. he grinned mischievously as he slowly but deliberately withdrew his long hard cock from her sopping wet, pussy.She growled frustrated, Even though he was very turned on, and wanted more than anything to spread her legs wide apart and bury his cock up to the hilt.He wanted her to know that sex was not just about the man getting what he wanted But about the rawest, most intimate, and closest form of communication a man and a woman could express. About knowing each other so well, that they could communicate with a look, a sound, a movement, a touch.

Sex was an expression of love between two people that have a bond so strong that they give apart of themselves to each other. It was so erotically sensual, the way they seemed to be magnetically drawn to each other.

So as much as he wanted to fuck her into next week, he was just as resolute in his desire to drive all the stress from her by exploring her feminine charms to the utmost. She looked at him, her crystal green eyes burning with a look that told him she would not wait forever, yet he was in control.... for now! His warm tongue was tracing her chin now, and slowly down her throat to the valley between her breasts.He found them fascinating, he enjoyed how responsive they were to his touch and his tongue,He took the nipple between his teeth and gently teased her again her chest was rising and heaving heavily, her eyes were displaying the wanton need she felt as she felt his tongue slide further down her chest and stomach.

Her need was more than obvious she was rolling her ass, and squeezing her thighs together in a vain attempt quiet the fire in her loins and belly. Even though they had just experienced an earth shattering orgasm, she needed more.. it had never been like this before. But then there was never this kind of connection between her and a man before. Her nipples were hard as stone, her breasts heavy and heaving, and her stomach ached. She wanted, no needed his cock now! She was determined to have it now... To that end she summonedall her strength, rolled him over so that she was on top of him, andpinned his arms at the wrists, over his head.

I want you now she said, As she enveloped his manhood into her moist tight warm harbor she sighed l oudly, She had moved her hands to his chest, feeling the strength of him underneath herhands gave her even more of a sensual feeling. As she got closer to the height of her passion she leaned over so that he could take one of her nipples into her mouth. She didn’t care which one; they were on fire too and needed attention.

He knew what was coming, and he wanted to experience it as much as her. Her soft, curly hair cascaded over his face as he took the tit into his mouth, not just the nipple, but the whole round firm and tasty breast. His hands reach up to entwine in her hair. Her hips started working overtime now, trying to experience every inch of the steel hard, white-hot cock inside of her. he began fucking her hard with his entire cock.

She had never felt such pleasure in her life.He was satisfying a need she new she had but no other man had gone near before..Please she begged He released her hair and she fell forward on his chest, the relentless pounding of his cock soon forcing her to grind even harder. 

He grabbed her hips and tried to get even deeper inside her. She had never felt so full in her life. Eventually, his cock felt bigger. It seemed to swell, stretching her pussy to the limits.He pushed it all the way in and held it as it seemed to explode in her pussy. she had never experience such pleasure She felt his cock jerk inside her and she came again. She lost count of the number of times she came or of the number of times his cock ejaculated, but she could feel wetness dripping down her thighs by the time he was done. she felt truly satisfied and was now ready to face the day with her friend, lover, and man.