 The parking lot looked fairly full when they pulled in for the outdoor concert in the park. They drove around the parking lot for several minutes while looking for a space, finally finding a remote spot under a tree. He parked the car, and turned to her after shutting it off. 

"We'll have to walk a little way." He said. 

"That's ok." She smiled at him. "You're the guy, you can carry everything." She giggled and leaned in to kiss him on the lips. He laughed and kissed her back, reaching over and holding her to him by the back of her neck when she would have pulled away. He opened his lips over hers and swept his tongue into her mouth, stroking and sliding it against hers. She gasped into his mouth and sank into the kiss, sucking his tongue into her mouth. He groaned and pulled away from her. 

"Ok, I'll carry everything including you if you kiss me like that again." He joked.

She laughed and they both got out of the car and took blankets and a cooler out of the trunk. She carried the blankets while he chivalrously said he would carry the cooler. They walked to the park where they finally found a place in the back near numerous trees and not a lot of people and spread out two blankets and sat down to wait for the concert. She sat down and he laid his head in her lap and stretched out his legs. 

"What makes you think you can lay your head in my lap, mister?" she laughed and tickled his ear. He looked up at her and grinned. 

"Because I'm tired and really cute?" he tried.

"Ah, well ok, but only for a little while." She stroked his chest with her other hand. "I'll want payback later."

"You keep stroking me like that you're gonna get paid back all right." He smiled devilishly. She slapped his chest lightly and laughed. "You think I kid? I've been gone all week and I come home to 'oh you didn't forget about the outdoor concert that I've been dying to go to' did you?" he said in a singsong voice while laughing. "I want to come home and make love you want to come here. I deserve my head in your lap, damn it." 

She held her hand over his mouth, attempting to quiet him, but no one really noticed as they were far enough away from people. 

"Shhh. People will hear you!" she gasped.

"So?"

She looked down at him and smiled. She ran her fingertips over his lips and traced his mouth. 

"You don't need to tell everyone around us that you're horny, honey." She said softly. 

"No sweetheart." He said as he sat up and looked at her. He leaned in and kissed her lips softly. "I'm not just horny. I missed you. Not anyone else, not missed having sex, missed you. There's a difference." He whispered against her lips. 

"I see." She whispered and licked his lower lip. He groaned and kissed her fully on the mouth. She whimpered into his mouth as he pulled her across his chest and lay back on the blanket. He rolled her over and lay on top of her, kissing her the whole time. When he finally let her mouth go, she was panting. 

"Someone will see us." She whispered. 

He looked around and saw that no one was paying attention them, but he knew she was shy and wouldn't let him do much more in front of people. He pulled away from her, and motioned for her to lay her head in his lap. She looked at him and leaned her head as if to ask why and he chuckled. 

"If you don't put your head in my lap, people will see something they shouldn't behind my zipper." He whispered to her. Her eyes widened and she lay down quietly with her head in his lap. He ran his hands through her hair and rubbed her stomach while she lay and listen to the music coming from across the park. He saw her close her eyes and felt her relax against him. 

He ran his hand up her stomach and between her breasts, and then circled one breast with his finger. She opened her eyes and looked up at him with warning, but he just looked back at her innocently. He dragged his finger over her breast and saw her nipple harden and raised his eyebrows as he looked down at her. 

"Could it be that you missed me, too?" he whispered.

"You know I missed you." She whispered back. "I told you every night when you called." She blushed, remembering that most nights when he called they ended up talking naughty to one another and having phone sex. 

"Yes I know." He grinned at her. "Hearing you moan and pant into the phone was very hot."

She blushed even more, which cracked him up. No one would know looking at her that she was enjoyed sex so much with him. When they were alone, she was incredibly sexy, enticing him in ways he didn't even realize. She loved to be touched and caressed for a long time, and loved to be kissed. And kissing her to him was heaven. The way she sucked his lower lip and stroked his tongue and sucked it into her mouth made him hard almost immediately. He shifted uncomfortably, realizing that he needed to stop thinking along these lines or he really was going to embarrass them both. 

She looked up at him as he shifted, raising her eyebrow. She laughed as she realized he was getting aroused. She sat up and kissed him softly on the lips, lightly licking his lower lip. She trailed her hand up his inner thigh and sucked his lower lip into her mouth, tonguing it softly. He groaned against her mouth.

"Careful honey," he growled against her mouth. 

"What if I don't want to be careful?" she whispered against his lips. He pulled back slightly and looked into her eyes. 

"Honey, unless you want to go over there behind a tree, or head back to the car for some very uncomfortable sex, you better stop." He said seriously. 

She smiled slowly and walked her fingers up his chest and flicked his nipple. She grinned when he took hold of her hand and looked at her warningly. 

"So let's go behind a tree." She whispered enticingly. He looked at her and realized she was serious. 

"Honey, are you sure?" he asked as he looked around to see where they could be the most private. He felt her lips on his neck and moaned. He felt her lick his earlobe and suck it into her mouth. He was going insane and she loved it. 

She leaned back and slowly stood up and held her hand to him. He took her hand and stood up with her and pulled her with him into the trees. When they got into the trees he pulled her to a very large tree and pushed her back up against it. He kissed her deeply, pushing his tongue into her mouth and groaning. He felt her hands against his chest, massaging his chest and running her fingertips over his nipples through his shirt. He pulled back slightly and breathed heavily. 

"Baby," he whispered harshly, "you're playing with fire." 

"I know." She whispered into his ear. She pulled his shirt from his pants and touched his skin. She pushed up his shirt and bent her head and licked on nipple and ran a thumb over the other. He groaned and bent his head and licked her ear. 

"Baby, you don't understand." He groaned. "If you keep going, I'm going to take you against this tree." He moaned into her neck, sucking it gently. 

She unfastened his belt buckle, unsnapped his pants and slid his zipper down. She pushed his pants and briefs down to his ankles and got go her knees in front of him. She slowly stroked him in her hand and smiled up at him. 

"Take it in your mouth baby." He begged while stroking her hair. "Please."

She opened her mouth and fluttered her tongue over the head, back and forth, over and over. He groaned and put his hands on the tree to hold himself up. He looked down and watched her take him in her mouth. He moaned and realized he needed to keep quiet or people could hear him. 

She swallowed him into her mouth, working her tongue on the underside of him and moving her hand up and down his shaft while she sucked him. She moved her head back and forth over him, making him rock hard, humming around him. She heard him whispering to her, urging her on, begging her not to stop sucking him. She reveled in the power she held at the moment, but knew that she wanted him inside her, so she slowed her pace and eventually took her mouth off of him. 

She smiled and stood up in front of him. She reached under her skirt and pulled her panties off and grinned at him as she twirled them on her finger. She leaned back against the tree and smiled at him. 

He leaned against her and kissed her deeply. He slid her skirt up her legs to her waist, and reached between her legs and stroked her with one finger. He was shocked to find her already wet and drenched against his hand. He looked into her eyes and panted hard. He stroked her inner lips with one finger and kissed her when she started to mewl like a kitten. He pushed his finger up inside her pussy and stroked slowly. She moaned into his mouth, grinding against his finger. He pulled his mouth away from hers and panted against her mouth. 

"You're so wet." He whispered, still stroking her slowly. 

"Sucking on you makes me that way." She panted against his lips and pumped her hips against his hand. She reached down and took his cock in her hand and stroked it in rhythm with his hand against her pussy. "And I was already turned on waiting for you to come home. But I forgot we were supposed to go to this..." she whimpered as he inserted another finger into her pussy and thrust faster. 

"And now?" he panted, pulling his hand away and pushing her up against the tree, lifting her legs around his waist. 

"I just want you." She moaned, pushing herself up by gripping his shoulders. 

He reached between them and took his cock in his hand and guided it to her pussy. She moaned as the head slipped into her opening. He dug his fingers into her hips and pulled her down onto his cock and sheathed himself inside her pussy. He buried his face in her neck and groaned. 

"Oh my God." She moaned and ground against him. He reached up with one hand and covered her mouth. 

"Shh, this is a private party." He groaned and thrust his hips against her. 

She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and laid her forehead against his and panted as he thrust into her. She kissed his lips, pushing her tongue into his mouth and moaning. She felt him thrust harder and buried her face in his neck. 

"Please don't stop." She panted. 

He groaned and thrust harder, pushing her against the tree so she could feel that bark digging into her skin. He licked her neck and panted into her ear.

"You need to let tell me when you're close babe." He panted. She moaned and he covered her mouth again. 

"Shh." He panted. "We don't want everyone enjoying this." He said as he began pumping harder. He shifted his hand to hold her neck and kissed her deeply, thrusting into her over and over again. 

"I'm gonna cum." She panted against his mouth. "Help me." She whispered and clung to him as he pumped his hips harder. She bit her lip and let her head fall back against the tree and closed her eyes. Her body began to tremble and he felt her muscles clamp down on his cock. He covered her mouth with his and she cried out her pleasure into his mouth. She ground against him, moaning into his mouth. 

He slapped one hand onto the tree while holding her, and thrust against her hard and fast and felt himself erupt inside her. She held his head against her neck as he moaned while he came. He settled his hips against hers and held her up against the tree, panting against her neck. 

He kissed her neck and pressed his forehead to hers, breathing heavily, both of them still trembling. He pushed her hair away from her face and kissed her lips gently. 

"You're amazing." He whispered against her lips. He pulled himself away from her and let her down. He reached down and pulled his briefs and pants up, and fastened them. He laughed suddenly. She looked up at him, her skirt had fallen down to her knees, and she was leaning back against the tree smiling. 

"What?" she whispered. 

He continued laughing and tucked his shirt into his pants. He leaned over and kissed her softly, wrapping his arms around her waist and hugging her to him. He then reached down to her hands and pulled her panties away that she still held in her hands. He put them in his pocket and took her hand and led her back to the blankets. 

No one seemed to notice they had left, and they sat on the blankets like before with his head in her lap. She looked down and stroked his forehead and smiled. He looked up at her and grinned. 

"When you wanna do that again?" he asked. She laughed and put her fingers over his lips. 

"I didn't plan that you know." She whispered. "I just knew that I wanted you and probably wasn't going to be able to hold out until we got home. So..." She blushed and looked up at the sky. "I thought it would be a nice way to let you know I missed you." 

He looked up at her, knowing that what she had just done was very out of character for her, but knowing she enjoyed it. He smiled up at her and held her hand in his. He lifted it to his lips and kissed is softly. 

"It was very nice, I enjoyed it very much, and we'll have to see what I can do to show you how much I missed you." He grinned wickedly at her as she laughed.