 As I lay on my bed, my mind kept straying back to what had happened the day before. Had that encounter in the woods really happened? The ache between my legs confirmed my dream as reality. A smile inevitably crept onto my face. I had never suspected that sex would be so intense that I could get lost in the bodies of two other people. Adam and Kaylee had enlightened me to the pleasures of carnality. I was immensely grateful that I had lost my innocence to the two people I trusted the most. 

When I closed my eyes the images of yesterday flickered through my mind. Adam -- gazing at me as he leant on the tree, gently stroking his cock, that lazy smile as he kissed Kaylee's neck, the way his rough, warm hands felt on my breasts... 

I began to slide my hands under my t-shirt to my bra. I could already feel my nipples erect beneath the fabric, tingling, waiting for my fingers to brush over them. I knew that I was home alone for the next few hours, so I took off my t-shirt and unhooked my bra at the front to expose my tits to the crisp morning air. As I rubbed my nipples, I dreamt that it was Adam's hands touching me, greedy for my flesh. I licked my fingers and circled over and around the hardened bud, wishing it was Adam's tongue, remembering the first time he took it in his mouth. My breathing was a lot heavier now, I realised, my eyes were closed and my hips were moving slightly forward and back. My whole body was responding to my lascivious thoughts of the boy I grew up with who had now turned into a man -- and who treated me as a woman. I squeezed and twisted my nipples, savouring the combined pain and pleasure.

My pussy was getting so hot and wet, I could feel the moist heat between my legs. One hand snaked down across my naked belly, unbuttoned my jeans and delved beneath my underwear. Touching my clit sent sparks down my thighs and caused my inner muscles to spasm. I imagined Kaylee's inquisitive and vigorous tongue lapping my folds, pushing her tongue inside me, swirling her tongue around my sensitive clit. My hips involuntarily thrust against my hand, and I slid two fingers down into myself as far as I could go. I stroked the inside wall of my pussy whilst rubbing the heel of my hand on my clit. My other hand was still playing with my tits, alternating between each. God this feels so good! I just can't stop the imagery from yesterday play over and over in my mind. 

My breath is coming faster now and my mouth hangs open letting my warm breath swirl and mist on this cold morning. My back starts to arch against my bed. In my mind I envision the scene where I first stumbled upon Adam and Kaylee taking their pleasure in one another. As Kaylee's ass moved up and down I could see Adam's hard cock plunging into her. My loins start aching and my body yearns for blissful climax which was drawing ever closer. As I take a deep breath I open my eyes. There, leaning against the doorframe to my bedroom was Adam, looking completely at ease with that lazy half smile on his face. Oh my God!!

Immediately I jumped up and pulled the sheet off my bed to cover my naked chest. My heart was racing a million miles an hour. 

"What the fuck are you doing here!?" I yell at Adam, tossing a pillow at his head. He intercepted it easily, without taking that smile that now looked more like a smirk off his face. 

"Why, I came to see if you were alright. You know, after yesterday" he paused, then grinned. "But I clearly see you're fine." He pushed off the doorframe and took a step into my room. "More than fine, I would say." He reached out and traced the outline of my breast through the sheet, then broadening his contact so that his whole hand rested there on my flesh, my hard nipple pushing into his palm. 

When I looked down I noticed his cock straining against his pants. A flash of desire swept through me as I recalled what his cock looked like naked and unrestrained. A hot tingle ran down the back of my legs and without thinking I slowly let the sheet fall to the ground and took a step closer to him. I could now feel his erection rubbing against my jeans and the chilling sensation of his cold hand on my bare breast sent a shiver down my spine. 

He kissed me then, a forceful and demanding kiss. His mouth was hot and his tongue penetrated my mouth with demanding authority. I was surrounded by his masculine scent, a smell that made me dizzy with longing. "Last night Kaylee and I had an amazing fuck" he murmured in my ear, "we got each other hot by saying the things we would to do to you." Adam started grinding his erection against me, sucking and kissing my neck, hands squeezing my ass. I had no idea whether Adam and I should be doing this without Kaylee being here, but the felt as though the need we were both experiencing demanded to be satisfied. 

Adam lifted his shirt off to bare his lean, toned torso. He then climbed out of his jeans and underwear, freeing his engorged cock. It was bigger than I remembered it being, it was shocking that this fit inside me at all yesterday. It jolted a little when I first touched it, lightly at first, running my fingers softly up and down the shaft and over the head. It amazed me that something could be so hard, yet the skin felt soft and smooth. Adam was looking at me with burning eyes. He pushed me backwards onto the bed and knelt down near my feet to yank my jeans off. Then he lightly ran his fingers up and down my calf, my knee, my thigh. When he reached my underwear it was soaked. He looked up at me with a knowing smile and gently slid the last item of clothing I was wearing down my legs and threw it across the room. 

He pressed his lips to my ankle, brushing his fingers across my skin, gently grazing it with his nails. He then kissed and licked a trail up my leg, leaving it chilled and tingling in the cool air. When he reached the inside of my thigh I felt an urgency that begged him to lick me there. To kiss me there - inside my pink folds where I was hot and wet and waiting for him. He chuckled and blew on my pussy, causing me to gasp. I first felt his tongue at the bottom of my entrance, then a deep sweep of my opening, sucking in my juices, tasting my desire for him. This waiting game he played with me felt different to yesterday, when Kaylee dove in fast and strong. Adam now heightened my already frantic urges with slow and skilful teasing -- making his final destination my desperately aching clitoris. He knew what he was doing and what it was making me feel. When he lightly brushed my sensitive nub with his tongue I gasped and pushed my hips onto his face. He gave up the game and started lavishing my pussy with his tongue, focusing on the place that gave me blissful agony. He sucked on my clit, grazing it with his teeth while he slid two fingers inside me and found the spot that was so sensitive by now that as soon as he stroked it I shuddered and orgasmed, my pussy flowing, the muscles in my legs and pelvis spasming wildly. Adam ducked his head down and started avidly drinking it all.

I sighed happily, and he crawled up over my body, suspended directly above me. He smiled and kissed me deeply, letting me taste his effect on me. The room was heavy with my smell, musky and strong. I was so turned on by the thought of tasting my own juices on Adam's tonguethat I lay my legs open for him and started to grind against him, inviting him inside me. His cock pulsated, resting at my entrance, the heat radiating off my pussy calling to him. 

With a sudden thrust Adam pushed inside me, filling me so far that my entire body is pushed upwards. Adam let out a groan of pleasure, slowly retreating and then filling me up with his length, savouring the tightness. There was almost no pain, only a delicious feeling of being filled and a sliver of excitement at what was to come. My hands clung tightly to his waist as he pulled out and once again slid himself into my depths. This time I couldn't help but gasp as he plunged deeper, pushing against the very end of me. His eyes looked down into my own, filled with hunger and lust -- sending a shiver through me, followed by a flush of warmth in my skin. 

He leant down to kiss me, his tongue exploring my mouth. The kiss was harsh, deep and domineering. He trailed the kiss along the underside of my jaw then kissed and sucked on my neck, biting a little. He knew as he thrust inside me how to make my body respond to his own. His mouth travelled lower still until he reached my stiff pink nipple. He flicked his tongue over it, swirling and sucking. I gently arched my back, pressing my breast further onto his face and lifted my hand to place in on his head, my fingers lacing through his hair. The sensations ran from my nipple to the back of my throat and down between my legs. Leaning back, he grasped my knees to either side of him and pushed them forward to my chest. From here his cock delved further into my pussy, and his actions gained a faster rhythmic pace, emanating a controlled urgency that I was feeling in my own body. He let my legs drop back down and I began to sway my hips to his rhythm, raising them to meet his in a desire for deeper and harder penetration. His arm swept under me, lifting me up so that he could drive himself more forcefully inside me. My breathing turned to gasps, his rhythm gaining speed and momentum, thrusting harder and harder. I raised my arms to the wall and pushed myself towards Adam, increasing the impact of his hips on mine. We were both gasping, yelling out and moaning, unable to stop the noise from being made. The intense sensations began to build up in my lower belly and thighs, my muscles contracting involuntarily. Orgasm came swiftly, a procession of stimulation and swirling sensation that causes my whole body to contract again and again. I hear Adam's loud yell, and feel a sudden hard push against my cervix one last time as he spills himself inside me, our warm gushing fluid intermingling.

Sleep took us then for a short while, and I woke up as Adam sat up and started putting his clothes back on. The muscles on his back moved and flexed as he bent to put on a sock, making me take in a breath. 

"Hey Will, you're one hot minx, you know that?" Adam said, not turning to me. 

I blushed and lifted the covers up over my face. "Do you really think so? I'm so inexperienced! I'm a little worried that I'm not that good in bed, you know?" Compared to Adam I'm an innocent. What'll I do if he decides he doesn't want to fuck me again?

"You know what I think you should do? I think you should come over to my place sometime and make a video with Kaylee and me. My dad has a video recorder. I'm getting hard again just thinking about it." he was fully dressed now and turned back to lasciviously run his eyes over me, resting on my shiny wet pussy.

"Okay Adam, sounds like fun." I say as he walks out the door with a hand held out in farewell.