 Ted was sitting in the play room in his recliner after dinner trying to find something to watch. It had been a hard week at work and he looked forward to a relaxing weekend. Picking up the remote he clicked through the channels until he found a movie he hadn't seen in years. 

He wondered what was taking Patti so long to come back down stairs, she said she was going to take a quick shower and be right down. He knew her "quick" shower or bath could last a while, he smiled to himself and watched the movie.

"Should I wear something sexy or just a robe?" Patti said to her reflection in the mirror, she had finally gotten the go ahead from her doctor that she could play again. It had been almost a month since her surgery and she was more than ready to have some fun. Ted and Patti and their niece Brittany had had a threesome but Patti hadn't been allowed to have intercourse yet. It had been fun but she wanted to feel her husbands cock inside of her tight pussy. 

Walking over to the closet she found what she was looking for, one of Ted's shirts, a light blue button down shirt. Slipping the shirt on she went to her dresser and found a lacy pair of panties he hadn't seen her in yet. Slipping on the silky lace panties she rubbed her hand over her shaved pussy. Slipping her hand inside she pushed two fingers inside of her pussy. In and out she fingered herself. 

Sighing she pulled her hand away from her pussy, she licked her wet fingers and reached for her favorite perfume, she brushed her long hair and headed for the door.

Ted glanced up and there stood his wife wearing one of his shirts, not saying a word she walked over to where he sat in his recliner. Damn, but she did look hot in his shirt.

"Hey baby," she said looking down at him, she went to her knees in front of him.

"Hi hon," he said wondering what she was up too, she crawled between his legs, and looked at him, licking her lips. "Are you alright?" 

"Oh yes, very alright," she said reaching up and rubbing her hands up and down his thighs. "I missed you today," she told him running her hand up his thigh to his crotch.

"Well I missed you too baby girl."

"I need you." she said squeezing his cock through his sweat pants. " I need you bad." she said with a sexy pout. She continued to gently squeeze his cock, feeling him getting hard.

"Mmmm," he moaned watching her rubbing his hardening cock, she knew how to get him going that was for sure. "I need you to honey, we just have to make sure the doctor say's it's okay."

"Oh he did, I saw him this morning and he said we can have all of the fun we want."

He looked down at her and she sure did look sexy wearing his shirt, he could smell the perfume he had bought her on his last business trip out of town. 

"Mmmm, I want you," she said reaching down with her other hand and stroking his balls through the material of his sweats. "I need to be a bad girl." she said reaching up for the waist band of his sweat pants, tugging them down.

Ted helped her pull his sweats and undies down, she moved closer to him. "Yeah," he whispered feeling her grasp his cock in her hand. He watched her lick her lips and stroke his cock.

Not saying a word she leaned in and slowly licked his cock from the base to the tip, licking and flicking her tongue up and down his cock, she felt his cock respond to her touch.

Leaning his head back he savored the feelings she was giving him, she was taking her time. He knew she was VERY horny after no love making for over three weeks.

"Ummm," she moaned glancing up at him, while she stroked his cock. She felt him twitch at her touch. She always did love how she could make him feel good. With a moan she took the head of his growing cock into her hot, wet mouth.

"Fuck," he whispered reaching down and putting his hands in her long hair, "yessss," he moaned when she flicked the tip of her tongue across the head of his cock. "Mmmm," he groaned trying to push his cock into her mouth.

Patti knew exactly what she was doing to him, she was going to be bad and tease him until he couldn't stand it. Oh of course she needed and wanted his cock inside of her pussy. 

One thing the surgery did do was make her pussy higher and tighter. Her doctor had done a mons lift as a bonus. Patti let his cock slip out of her mouth "I love sucking your dick," she told him looking up at him, she had made sure the shirt she wore was unbuttoned so he could get a look at her tits. Gripping his cock a bit tighter she stroked him.

"You know I love when you suck me honey," he told her, "don't stop." his cock was at full attention now. He could hear her moaning and whimpering while she sucked his cock. 

He had sure missed her sucking his cock while she had been recovering from surgery. He had jacked off a few times and then there was the night he got caught jacking off by their niece Brittany. It should have never happened, but it had and he had let Brittany suck him and then he fucked her. 

Patti had found out about it but she wasn't really too upset he had promised her it would never happen again. 

He had came home one afternoon and found Brittany in bed with his wife and Brittany was eating Patti's pussy. He couldn't resist, he watched then joined in. It had been one of the best threesomes they had had in a long time. Patti couldn't fuck but they did eat her until she came.

Not answering him she continued to stroke his cock and reaching down she rubbed his balls,leaning down she licked his cock, gently sucking on the head. Damn but she loved the taste of his throbbing cock in her mouth. He gripped her hair even tighter. She opened her mouth and let his cock slip into her mouth, moaning she gently sucked on the head of his dick.

"Ummm, yeah." Ted moaned, she did know how to make his cock rock hard, "Ahh, yeah suck me." he told her looking down at her, watching her head bobbing up and down on his throbbing cock. Holding her head in his hands he slowly fucked up into her mouth, in and out she took him, deeper and deeper.

Patti reached into her shirt and pinched her already hard nipples, just sucking his cock made her nipples erect. 

"Mmmm," she moaned around his cock in her mouth, she was in heaven sucking him, teasing him. She just couldn't help herself she LOVED sex, she loved to suck his cock and feel his cock fucking into her hot, wet mouth. She got very turned on when he held her down and put his hands into her hair, making her take his cock. 

Ted's cock was rock hard, he was loving the feelings she was giving him. He knew it had been tough for her not being able to make love for almost a month. 

He knew the first couple of weeks she had been in too much pain to even think of making love, but once she started feeling better he knew it was getting to her. 

"Suck me babe," he told her watching while she took his cock deep, "just like that."

"Mmm,mmm,mmm" she moaned around his throbbing cock, she tasted precum, pulling back to the head she let his cock slip from her mouth. 

"Don't stop."

"I'm not," she told him, stroking him again, licking her way to his balls, she licked and flicked her tongue all across his ball sack. She felt him jerk when she took one of his balls into her mouth and gently sucked on it.

"Fuck yeah," he groaned looking down at her, god but he loved her, spreading his legs he closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensations she was giving him.

Patti knew she was driving him crazy, teasing him, licking and sucking his cock one minute and then licking and sucking his balls. 

Back and forth she made love to his cock and balls. She felt he was getting close to cumming and she didn't want him to cum not yet.

Letting his cock slip from her mouth she looked at him, "I want you" she whispered, she wanted him to fuck her.

"Do you know how close I am???" he asked her looking at her, reaching down and stroking his cock.

"Yes," she said standing, reaching for his hand she spread her legs and put his hand on her very wet panties. "You made me this wet." she told him, she felt him rubbing her pussy through the lacy material. 

"Ahhh, yeah." she moaned when she felt him push aside the material and he found her shaved slit. 

"You can't cum yet." she said backing away from him.

"You are a bad girl, getting me this close." he told her standing and reaching for her hand.

Leading her over to the queen size bed he stood in front of her and he reached for the buttons on her shirt, "I want you naked." he told her, when she didn't make a move to undress he slowly unbuttoned the shirt, exposing her tits, he bent down and took her left nipple into his mouth, flicking his tongue across it.

Gasping she was loving the way he was sucking on her nipples, moving from one to the other, gently squeezing her tits, biting her sensitive nipples, "Yes baby, oh yes." she moaned loudly.

Ted pushed her back onto the bed, getting onto the bed with her he took her into his arms, kissing her. Licking and nibbling side of her neck, he felt her shiver in his arms, he knew that turned her on big time. "Take this off," he said sitting up and helping her take off his shirt.

Patti still felt a bit shy about him seeing her scar, it went from one hip all the way across to her other hip. She made sure her panties covered it for the time being.

"Yes," she whispered when he took her right nipple back into his mouth, gently sucking on it caressing her left breast. She needed to feel his cock inside of her so much. 

"Lie back, relax." he told her looking into her eyes, he wanted to make it good for her. "I love you."

"I love you too." she said lying back and closing her eyes. She was worried he would be turned off by her scar, when they had the threesome with Brittany she was so hot and turned on she didn't even think about her scar, now it worried her.

Ted slid his hand down her stomach, lower and lower he heard her gasp when he put his hand inside of the waist band of her panties. He leaned down and licked and kissed and nibbled his way down her stomach. He heard her gasp and moan at his touch.

"Oh baby," she whispered watching him moving down between her legs, he reached for her panties and he gently pulled them off of her. She waited for a reaction from him, he hadn't really seen her scar yet.

Ted looked up at her and saw the look in her eyes, he some how knew what she was thinking, "Honey, it's okay, don't ever worry about your scar." 

"Are you sure?" she asked, she hoped it wouldn't turn him off.

"Yes, I'm sure." he said trying to reassure her, "Nothing will ever change my feelings for you, ever." Starting at the inside of her right thigh he slowly licked and kissed her, teasing her, flicking his tongue over her skin. 

"Mmmm, yesss." she moaned when he flicked his tongue at the crease of her leg, she reached for her tits, squeezing them.

Ted glanced up and saw she was teasing her nipples, pinching them hard, breathing deeper than before.

"Ummm," he groaned as he continued teasing her, running his tongue across the top of her pussy, right above her pussy lips. He knew she wanted him to eat her, and he would he was going to make her wait a bit.

Ted's cock was throbbing, he wanted to sink his hard cock inside of her so much, but he wanted to make it last. Spreading her pussy open he licked her barely touching her with the tip of his tongue.

He could taste her sweet pussy juices, he wanted to bury his tongue deep inside of her but he decided to wait. Her pussy was soaked, he licked her juices and then continued to lick his way to her other thigh.

Patti reached down and put her hands in his hair holding him down on her pussy, she wanted more, no she needed more. She needed to feel his mouth on her pussy, feel him eating her hot, wet hole.

"Please?" she groaned looking at him, "eat me..." 

He didn't answer her, he spread her pussy open with both hands and dived into her slit.

"Mmmm," Ted did love the taste of her pussy. From the very first time he had ate her pussy on their first date all those years ago he thought she had the perfect tasting pussy. Pushing his tongue inside of her he gripped her thighs holding her legs open.

"Yes, oh yes honey." she gasped, feeling him fucking her with his tongue, in and out he tongue fucked her.

He held her her tightly, she was starting to jerk and move her hips, he had to admit she could move so much better since surgery. 

He loved to lick and suck her pussy, teasing her clit. Hearing her moans and sighs of pleasure turned him on, the more she enjoyed the love making the more he enjoyed it.

Patti pulled her legs back, she watched her handsome husband fucking her, she pinched and twisted her hard nipples.

Moving away from her pussy Ted slid one then two fingers deeply inside of her hole, she was even tighter then she had been before surgery. 

He couldn't wait to slid his throbbing dick into her sweet pussy. He wanted to prolong the love making as long as possible. In and out he slowly fingered her. He knew this drove her wild, she would get loud and thrash around on the bed until she climaxed. 

"Ahhh, oh fuck me, hard." she begged him, "don't stop please."

"Does my baby need to cum??? Hmmm?" he asked her watching her reactions of the way he was fucking her. Leaning down he flicked his tongue across her sensitive clit, this made her scream in pleasure. 

"Feel good baby, you love to get fucked hard don't you?" he asked glancing at her.

All she could do was moan in pleasure, "More, oh please give me more."

Adding a third finger into her tight pussy he pounded her hole, pussy juices were pouring out of her. "So wet," he whispered finally clamping his mouth over her pussy he flicked his tongue over her clit.

"Oh fuck!" she squealed, "yes,yes,yes, so close." she moaned she knew not much longer and she would cum.

Looking up at her he gave her clit one last lick and pulled his fingers from her hole, not saying a word to her he grabbed her legs and put them on his shoulders opening her up to him. 

Stroking his throbbing cock he rubbed the head across her sensitive clit, she looked at him twisting her nipples.

Breathing heavily she watched him push the head of his cock inside of her, in and out he continued to slide in a little deeper each time. 

It was driving him crazy he needed to cum but he wanted this first time in almost a month to last. "You like this baby, like my cock inside of your tight pussy?"

"Oh yes, I need you to fuck me."

"Oh I'm going to fuck you I promise." he tells her pushing his cock a bit deeper, damn but she was so much tighter than before he loved the feeling of her pussy walls gripping his throbbing dick.

Patti raised her hips trying to get him to bury his cock inside of her, "Fuck me oh please." she begged him. "I need to feel you cum inside of me." she said looking him in the eyes.

Taking her legs from his shoulders he held her ankles spreading her legs wide. 

With a loud groan he buried his rock hard dick in her pussy, "Such a tight pussy, I love fucking you." he tells her pulling almost all of the way out only to slowly slide back inside of her hole. In and out he slowly fucked her, taking his time not wanting to cum yet.

"More please, more honey," she moans needing to get pounded deep and hard.

He couldn't deny her what she wanted and what they both needed. He released her ankles and she wrapped her legs around his back, pulling him into her even deeper. 

"Fuck me," she demanded.

"Ahhh, such a tight pussy baby," he moaned when he felt her gripping his cock with her pussy, he loved to feel her soft wet pussy walls wrapped around his throbbing cock. "You have no idea how much I have missed making love to my wife," he whispered supporting himself on his arms he fucked in and out of her pussy.

Moaning and whimpering Patti loved the feeling of him making love with her again. "Mmm, harder give it to me harder." she pleaded, she did love it hard and deep. 

She always loved their romantic love making but right at this minute she wanted him to pound her, make her get loud, fill her pussy with his cum.

"Ummm, that doctor did a good job baby your pussy is tighter," he said speeding up his thrust into her wet pussy, "so fucking good." he moaned not slowing down he pounded into her slit.

"Yes, yes,yes," she moaned reaching up and holding him by his arms, grunting and moaning she knew she was going to cum soon, "cum inside of me," she tells him looking up at him.

"Mmmm, ahhh so close gonna cum soon," he said feeling that familiar point of no return, he looked down at her and slammed his cock inside of her, in and out faster and harder.

"Ohhh, ummm, fuck, oh my god, gonna cum baby..." she moaned loudly, reaching her climax. "Cumming, ahhh, yes, cumming baby." she groaned loudly holding onto him tightly.

"Shit!!" Ted moaned, feeling her pussy walls contracting around his throbbing cock, "cumming!!" he said holding his cock as deeply inside of her as he could he gave her his seed, grunting and moaning.

Leaning down he kissed her, pulling out of her he pulled her into his arms, holding her tightly. "Oh my god, that was so good."

"Mmmm, yes it was," she agreed with a sigh, snuggling close to him she gave him a peck on the cheek. "Thank you honey."

"You are very welcome, I didn't hurt you did I?" he asked worried they had gotten too rough.

"No, you didn't hurt me." she whispered, "I have missed making love with you so much."

"Same here honey," he tells her kissing the top of her head. 

"Food!" she suddenly replies sitting up.

"Are you hungry darling?"

"Oh yes, hot sex always makes me hungry." 

"I tell you what let's take a quick shower and I'll order us a pizza and we can relax the rest of the night."

"Relax??? Honey that was only round one..." she tells him with a smile and getting off of the bed.

"Uh-oh, I think I'm in trouble..." he says smacking her ass.

"Mmmm, I love when you spank me..." she tells him with a wink and walking away.