 Sitting in the back of the Black Hackney Cab, I pull my ankle length coat tighter around my body as I watch London pass by in a daze of bright neon lights and exhaust fumes. 

The traffic is surprisingly not to bad considering its 10pm on a Friday night, which only adds to nauseating feeling growing in my stomach, I don't want to be to early for him, I'm meant to be a pro after all.

The cab pulls up outside a swanky looking hotel, my heart misses a beat, maybe now would be a good time to call the whole thing off, all I have to do is tell the cab driver I've changed my mind and he'll take me home again, but my inquisitive side gets the better of me and I hand the driver a £20 note and step out of the cab.

For a moment I just stand on the curb edge, watching the cab pull away, watching as my last chance to pull out leaves me stranded outside this huge, expensive looking hotel. Taking a deep breath and pulling my coat around my body tighter still, I slowly turn around to face the hotel doors.

It takes me a few seconds to gain some composure, but eventually I head up towards the steps, the 7" heal black patent leather stilettos making sure that I'm by no means making a quiet and respectable entrance. People turn to look as I slowly climb the steps, the door man, his eyes never leaving the sight that is me, walking towards him, in which I hope is a very controlled and confident manner. A knowing smile playing on his full mouth as he holds open the door for me wishing me a very pleasant evening. If only he knew!

The Hotel lobby is a hive of activity, receptionists checking people in and out, ladies and gentleman in evening dress wondering towards the hotel restaurant, laughter and polite chit chat filling the air. I head towards the lifts that are opposite the reception. I know my way around this place like the back of my hand, I've been here countless times before with my husband. But tonight I wasn't meeting my husband, infact tonight I wasn't even there as myself. Tonight I'm the high class hore that my husband’s fantasies have always evolved around and he is to be my first high paying client!

In the lift, I check my reflection for the last time in the mirrored walls, touching up my blood red lipstick and quickly running a comb through my long raven black hair and sweeping it back over my shoulders. Letting my coat fall open, I check my choice of attire one more time, I want to make sure I look exactly how he explained it to me the other week. I run over the list in my mind again, checking everything off as I go. 

Black Satin corset with blood red ribbon lacing it tightly around my hips making sure my cleavage is perfectly visible over the top of it. A slightly higher than knee high black skirt, with a slit in the side of it which reaches right up to the top of my leg. Sheer black stockings held up with a black satin suspender belt decorated with traces of blood red ribbon. The black satin thong that my husband had pointed out to me a few weeks earlier whilst wondering around the mall and of course, the 7" black patent leather stilettos which, I hoped, would be exactly what my husband was not expecting! Everything present and correct.

Tonight I was breaking all the rules, he thought I was being held up in a meeting down town, he thought we where going to stay just for the one night so we could enjoy a nice meal together and a bottle of wine without having to worry about trying to get a cab home on a Friday night in the center of London. But tonight, he thought wrong! For tonight I was pulling out all the stops. Tonight I was going to give him the birthday surprise of his life!

The lift doors pull open on the 18th floor and I step out into the long corridor. I take a quick look around, and then start to walk up the corridor towards room 123. My heart beat is going double time now as I get closer to the room, god I’m not so sure this is such a good idea anymore, that nauseating feeling is getting so much worse now. Now I wish I had stayed in that Taxi and gone home again, but then, even now, there is still a part of me that is far to curious for my own good and I have a horrible feeling its going to get me in some serious trouble over the next few hours. 

Before I let myself think any more I turn and knock sharply on the door to room 123. I hear muffled noises coming towards the door. From that second, everything seems to go in slow motion. I hear the lock on the door snap open and the door slowly opens as my husband appears, still in his work suit, shirt sleeves rolled up his arms, tie hanging loosely around his neck. He looks at me for a split second and seems to do a double take. As his eyes fix upon on my 7" heals I let my coat drop open. He steps back slightly, total confusion on his face, and then just as I start to really wish I hadn't done this, I watch as the confusion gives way to realisation, and the look on his face tells me I have most definitely done the right thing!

I stand there in front of him at the door for a second longer, letting him take a good look before pushing past him into the hotel room. I stride over to where the TV is and flick it off and turn back around to face him. I stand for a moment hands on hips, pushing my coat away so he gets a real good look, watching him, as he leans back against the wall with a look of total wonder across his face. God only knows what’s going through his mind right now, but I think it’s about time I let him know exactly what’s going through mine!

"I'm sure your familiar with the way our agency runs things Mr Huges! Cash up front, £500 as agreed”

I look him right in the eye and watch as the reality of what was happening hit him like a ton of bricks as I let my coat slip off over my shoulders. This was the moment of truth, was he going to play along, or was he going to put that jacket back on and walk straight out of the door in disgust? I held my breath as I waited for his reaction. He seemed to hesitate for a moment, then, looking me in the eye reached for his wallet lying on the bedside table and pulled out a bundle of £50 notes and placed them on the dressing table beside me, the whole time not saying a word. Stepping back again casually leaning against the wall, the only change in his eyes, which are now sparkling like a child’s eyes do on Christmas morning.

I pick up the pile of notes he placed next to me and count them, slowly, making him wait, then place them in my bag and drop the bag on the floor by the window.

Stepping up closer to him, I reach my hand up to his tie and start to undo it. I look up into his eyes, lowering my eye lashes slightly and tell him in no uncertainty - that from now on until morning - I'm his - for what ever he pleases.

I step back slightly as I pull the now undone tie from around his neck and let it drop to the floor but making sure I still had hold of it, I had already decided that I could quite easily come up with a couple of uses for it later on in the evening.

This was turning out so much easier than I ever dreamed it would. The outfit coupled with the teasing was already driving him to distraction, I stood watching him for a moment as he watched me as I casually toyed with the tie between my fingers. Jack moves over to the small drinks cabinet and pours 2 glasses of champagne and hands one to me.

I accepted with a smile and lift the glass to my lips and sip gratefully at the cool bubbly liquid. I sit down on the edge of the bed and slowly cross my legs, so the material of the skirt falls away from my right leg, revelling my stocking and suspenders to my now fascinated client.