 Cindy arrived at the club around 10pm. There were lots of men scoping out women but she saw no one who appealed to her. Just once, she would like to find a nice guy who wanted a serious relationship. If only she could find a man who wanted to commit, settle down, and get married. She gave up the fantasy of finding her prince charming long ago. Right about now, she only wished to meet a man who was not married, did not live with his mother, and who had a decent job. Was that too much to ask? She made her way to the bar to get a drink before heading for home alone, again.

Tony finished off the pizza and worked his way through the bucket of ice cream before washing it down with a couple of beers. He grabbed an onion, peeled it, and bit it like an apple. He went to his bedroom to look at himself in the full-length mirror. His gut was enormously bloated. 

He grabbed the jeans and the smelly shirt that he wore yesterday and put them on over his unwashed body. His hand ran over his day old beard and flattened down his dirty, long brown hair before heading out the door. He hopped on his loud Harley and did not bother wearing a helmet so that his hair would look wildly messed when he got to the club.

This was his strategy and what has always worked for him since he invented the weekly routine two years ago. He would show up at the local club a few minutes before closing time and scan the room for his prey. There she was a buxom, pretty blonde sitting at the bar alone.

Cindy watched in disbelief as the grubbiest biker headed for her like a bee flying low to pollinate a flower.

"Why me? What did I ever do in another life to deserve this?" She said for no one to hear. "Why do I attract all the low life guys?" Please don't let him come near me," she mumbled her prayer. "Please let him go bother someone else. I am so not in the mood to ward off another loser, tonight."

Tony took the stool to the right of her.

"Hi," he said giving her a stare that made her think that he already needed a cigarette. He was, as usual, way ahead of her.

"Hi," she said without so much as lifting her eyes to look at him. 

"Bartender let me have a beer and give this sexy doll a beer, too."

Jimmy spent more time primping in front of the mirror than most women. The extra hour that he spent outdoors working on his tan today gave him that nice Tropicana, golden glow. He slid his legs in his designer jeans and pulled the tight, sleeveless t-shirt that showed every ripple of his muscular physique over his symmetrical body. He took one, last, quick look at his long blonde hair in the mirror before dabbing on his cologne and heading out the door.

He kept the white top up on his lipstick red, Corvette convertible so that his hair would still look good when he got to the club. 

"Last call," said the bartender, just as he opened the door to walk in the joint. 

This was his strategy and what has always worked for him since he invented the weekly routine two years ago. He would show up just before closing time and scan the room for his prey. There she was a buxom, pretty blonde sitting at the bar next to the biker dude to her right.

Jimmy made his way through the crowd and grabbed the stool to the left of the blonde.

"Club soda," he said to the bartender laying down a twenty and telling him to keep the change. He noticed the blonde giving him the eye, especially after he told the barkeep to keep the change of a twenty.

"So, Baby," said Tony leaning in closer to give her the full effect of his beer and onion breath, "what d'ya say you and me go for a long ride somewhere on my hog?" He put a hand on her thigh. "Don't worry about that short dress getting wrinkled; you can just hike it up over your ass before wrapping those long legs around me."

"No thank you," said Cindy to the biker without turning her head to look at him and to acknowledge his presence but violently slapping away his hand from her thigh.

"Hey, c'mon," he said rubbing her back and working his hand down to the top of her ass, "is that any way to treat someone who just bought you a beer?"

"Thank you for the beer but I did not ask you to buy me a beer. Besides, I don't drink beer," she said looking at the untouched beer that stood in a puddle of moisture in front of her. Without turning her head to address him, in a quick movement, she swiped his hand away from her ass. She turned to Jimmy on her left, smiled, and batted her eyelashes at him.

"Hi, I'm Cindy," she said to Jimmy with another smile.

Jimmy looked down at her ample cleavage and bodacious body and quickly lost himself in her big, brown eyes.

"Hi, Cindy, pleased to make your acquaintance. I'm Jimmy."

"What are you stuck up or somethin'," said Tony in a loud roar, grabbing her by the arm, and spinning her towards him. 

"Take your dirty hand off of me," she said pulling away from Tony with a face full of outrage.

"Bitch," said Tony, "I ought to," he raised his hand to backhand her.

Jimmy was off his stool in a second. Deftly, he warded off the man's wild, roundhouse blow with his left hand and had him pushed up against the wall pinning him there with his right hand around his neck in a choke hold. After only a few seconds, the man crumbled to the floor.

"My hero," said the blonde smiling wildly. "What did you do to him?"

"I just cut off his air supply?"

"Will he be okay?" she said looking down at the unconscious man."

"He'll be fine. It only last a few minutes?"

"Where did you learn to handle yourself like that?"

"Oh, it's just a martial arts hold that I learned when I was with Delta Forces."

Now, that he had the villain sprawled out on the floor and the beautiful woman on his arm, all that Jimmy needed was the red cape around his neck.

"Let's get out of here," she said to Jimmy. "We can go to my place."

"Sure."

She was already his even before she saw his hot car.

"So, how'd you do, Jimmy?" asked Tony on the phone the next day. "Did you get lucky?"

"Did I get lucky? Are you kidding me? I hit the jackpot. She was hot, Tony. You sure know how to pick ‘em. We fucked and sucked all night."

"It sounds like you were smitten with her."

"I'll tell you, if I was looking for someone to settle down with, I could with Cindy. She is an amazing woman. She has a great personality, a wonderful sense of humor, is very smart, and has one Hell of a body."

"Okay, now you are scaring me, Dude."

"Sorry, I'm still thinking about her and about last night."

"Dude, you're not thinking about calling her, are you?"

"Nah, well, yeah, maybe, I don't know. Do you think that I should?"

"No. Matter of fact; let's try that new Dante club next weekend. Maybe, you can find me a nice redhead. You know that I'm partial to redheads."

"Okay, Tony, I'll see what I can do for you."

Irene arrived at the club around 10pm. There were lots of men scoping out women but she saw no one who appealed to her. Just once, she would like to find a nice guy who wanted a serious relationship. If only she could find a man who wanted to commit, settle down, and get married. She gave up the fantasy of finding her prince charming long ago. Right about now, she only wished to meet a man who was not married, did not live with his mother, and who had a decent job. Was that too much to ask? She made her way to the bar to get a drink before heading for home alone, again.

It was Jimmy's turn this weekend to play the predator. He didn't bother showering, wore dirty jeans, a ripped shirt, and skipped shaving for a couple of days. He looked the part.

Irene watched in disbelief as the foulest bum headed for her like a starving man for food.

"Why me? What did I ever do in another life to deserve this?" She said for no one to hear. "Why do I attract all the low life guys?" Please don't let him come near me," she mumbled her prayer. "Please let him go bother someone else. I am so not in the mood to ward off another loser, tonight."

Jimmy took the stool to the right of Irene. 

"Bartender let me have a beer and give this sexy doll a beer, too

Tony spent the next week working out and dieting. He got rid of the bloat and regained his six pack stomach. He spent extra time with his appearance. Dressed in designer clothes, he looked hot especially when pulling up to the club in a lipstick red, Corvette convertible.

Jimmy was already there waiting for Tony with a shapely, pretty redhead. Jimmy's appearance was already working its offensive magic, as the woman had her back turned to him. She watched Tony approach following him with her big, blue eyes. She gave him a big smile when he sat down next to her.

"Hi, I'm Irene," she said leaning in closer to him, "please be a gentleman and rescue me from the bum sitting next to me."

"Hey, I heard that," said Jimmy. "What kind of broad are you, anyway?"

She ignored him while making small talk with Tony.

"Hi, Irene, but before I intercede on your behalf, let me to introduce myself. I'm Tony. It is my pleasure to meet you."

"Does this mean that you are not going to suck my cock, tonight?" Jimmy grabbed her arm, "Hey, I'm talking to you, bitch."

Tony stood, pushed him against the wall, and put a hand up to his neck in a choke hold. After a few seconds, the man crumbled to the floor.

"What did you do to him?"

"I just cut off his air supply?"

"Will he be okay?" she said looking down at the unconscious man."

"He'll be fine. It only last a few minutes?"

"Where did you learn to handle yourself like that?"

"Oh, it's just a martial arts hold that I learned when I was with Delta Forces."

Now, that he had the villain sprawled out on the floor and the beautiful woman on his arm, all that Tony needed was the red cape around his neck.

"Let's get out of here," she said to Tony. "We can go to my place."

"Sure."

She was already his even before she saw his hot car.

"So, how'd you do, Tony?" asked Jimmy on the phone the next day. "Did you get lucky?"

"Did I get lucky? Are you kidding me? I hit the jackpot. She was hot, Jimmy. You sure know how to pick ‘em. We fucked and sucked all night."

"It sounds like you were smitten with her."

"I'll tell you, if I was looking for someone to settle down with, I could with Irene. She is an amazing woman. She has a great personality, a wonderful sense of humor, is very smart, and has one Hell of a body."

"Okay, now you are scaring me, Dude."

"Sorry, I'm still thinking about her and about last night."

"Dude, you're not thinking about calling her, are you?"

"Nah, well, yeah, maybe, I don't know. Do you think that I should?"

"Well, don't. There are still lots of beautiful women out there to fuck."

"Yeah, you're right."

This is what they did every week. They took turns playing the bad guy just so that the other could play the good guy to prey on women for sex. It worked. It always worked and it never failed. Only, this time was different. This time it backfired on them. This time, the two women who they happened to pick, the buxom, pretty blonde and the shapely, pretty redhead knew one another. 

"I met this guy, Jimmy," said Cindy, "when he knocked out this biker with a choke hold. He was so hot. We had a wonderful evening together."

"Really? No kidding? I met this guy, too, Tony," said Irene, "last night, when he knocked out this bum with a choke hold. He was hot, too. We had a wonderful evening together."

"That's kind of weird, don't you think Irene?"

"You don't think they are the same guy, do you?"

"Oh, God, I hope not. What did he look like?"

"Tony had brown hair and brown eyes and is about 6'2" and muscular."

"Well, I'm glad that it is not the same guy because Jimmy had blonde hair and blue eyes and is about 6'4" and muscular."

"You just described the bum that Tony knocked out with the choke hold," said Irene.

"Now, that you mention it," said Cindy, "you described the biker dude when you described Tony."

"They are working together," said Irene. "Those bastards are working together to get women."

"No way! Do you really think so, Irene?"

"Oh, yeah, it's a foolproof plan and we were the fools."

"Well, that really sucks because I really liked Jimmy."

"And I really liked Tony."

"Now, what?"

"Let's get back at them."

"How can we get back at them?"

To be continued