 After I graduated from the music academy I thought I would become a concert pianist. That didn't happen. I play keyboards in a band performing at local clubs. To make some extra money I give lessons on Saturday. Most of the students are basically hopeless, but I do have one promising pianist, her name is Krissie.

The one thing I like about Krissie is that she is a perfectionist. Unfortunately she started late and is now nineteen. There are some kids thirteen and fourteen already on the concert tour. I heard the doorbell ring one Saturday morning. It was Krissie and she came storming into my house. 

"I can't get this piece right. I am no good," she was practically in tears.

I told her to calm down and to sit down at the piano. I sat down next to her on the stool and I told her to play. It wasn't bad, there were a few spots that needed worked on. Krissie however, was sobbing. I did something a teacher shouldn't do. I put my hand on her back and I started to rub. I was just trying to get her back on track. Krissie looked over at me and she threw her arms around my neck.

I have to tell you that Krissie is a very sexy woman. She has long brown hair and is quite shapely. I am a few years older than her and I thought about her more than once, but I always caught myself from acting on it. Once Krissie seemed to calm down a bit she looked at me and moved her face to mine and gave me a hard kiss. It really caught me by surprise. 

Like a fool I didn't pull away. My love life didn't exist and I was extremely horny these days. Once we started to kiss I could feel my cock getting hard in my pants. Krissie pulled back and made a request.

"Teach me Eric," she said.

At first I was confused and then the light bulb went on. Krissie wanted me to make love to her. She had caught me with my defenses down. I reached up and place my hand on one of her breasts. God, it was firm and good sized. I squeezed her tit through the material and Krissie let out a moan. I could have stopped there, but I didn't. I got up from the stool and led Krissie back to my bedroom. 

I pulled her top off and undid her jeans. I slid everything off and took a good look at her naked body. Krissie could have modeled if she wanted to. Her breasts were pear shaped and her mound was all trimmed up. I stripped out of my clothes and I let Krissie see my hard cock. Actually she had her eyes glued to my crotch. My seven inch dick was erect and I am fairly thick as well. I had Krissie lie back and I slid in between her thighs.

My mouth went right to her folds and I slipped my tongue in between. Krissie let out this moan of ecstasy. I began to lap up and down and taste her earthy juices. It wasn't too long and my face was covered with her sweet liquids. When I pulled my face back I reached for some tissues on the stand and cleaned my face. I took hold of my dick and guided it to Krissie's opening and I pushed in.

I was getting resistance at first and then Krissie told me.

"I was saving myself for you Eric."

I couldn't believe it. Krissie was still a virgin and I was attempting to take her cherry. I slowly kept thrusting until I broke through. I saw Krissie wince as my cock went deeper inside her belly. When I felt my balls resting against her ass I held my cock in place. Krissie's pussy muscles were going crazy. It felt like she was gripping then releasing my cock. I couldn't take it a moment more. I started to stroke her pussy with my thick member.

Krissie was a quick learner. She wrapped her legs around my back and held me tightly. I doubt I had ever felt a pussy this tight before. I am sure I never took some girl's cherry either. As I fed Krissie my dick I lowered my mouth and began to work on both nipples. Krissie put her hands on the back of my head and held me in place. I sucked then nibbled on the tips of her pink nipples.

I had never heard such moaning from anyone I had sex with previously. I was pushing Krissie to the edge and I thought she was going to explode. 

"Oh my God, Eric!" 

Krissie's pussy was going into these spasms. I had never felt anything like it before. I knew I was getting so close. I was taking Krissie with my bare cock and she sure wasn't on any pill. She still had her legs wrapped around me and I couldn't bear to pull away. I unloaded my seed deep into Krissie's belly. When she felt me she screamed loudly. She started to shake as I continued to feed her my throbbing cock.

I hadn't come in almost a week. I kept spurting my baby cream into Krissie and she kept milking me with her muscles. I must have cum for close to fifteen minutes until I finally felt like I was spent. I just rested my dick in Krissie and we held each other for the longest time.

"I love you Eric," she told me.

I wasn't ready to go that far yet. I found her mouth and we had another kiss. A few minutes later I was soft and I pulled my cock out of Krissie. She didn't move as I went into the bathroom and brought back some towels to clean up. My sticky cum was dripping from her folds and I almost wish I could have taken her again, but my cock wouldn't have it.

We were done with any piano lessons for the day, that much was for sure. Krissie cleaned up and got dressed. I sat her down and told her we couldn't let anyone know what we had done. She understood what I told her and we kissed and she went out the door, not before she left her cellphone number with me. I knew it was crazy, but I wanted to fuck her again and again. 

I went to my gig that night, but Krissie was on my mind the whole evening. I had a chance to stop it now, but I knew I wouldn't do it. My cock was ruling my brain. The next day Krissie called me and asked if she could come over. I said yes, thinking she would tell me we had made a mistake the previous day. Far from it. When Krissie arrived she was all over me. She needed my loving she said. I always weak when it came to women.

I took Krissie back to bed and we fucked the whole afternoon. When I was on my back I had Krissie mount me and slide down on my pole. I pumped my dick deep into her tight pussy and I reached up for those beautiful breasts. I ended up squeezing each of them as Krissie rode me like some wild bull. I also took her from behind. She got on all fours and I eased my dick into her waiting pussy. There wasn't anything Krissie wouldn't do to satisfy my cock.

I ended up depositing two more loads of my seed in Krissie. I knew I was going to pay a price down the road for fucking her with no protection. For now it seems she can't get enough of my cock and I sure can't enough of her young pussy.