 Placing the glass on the small table beside me I take Jacks hand and lead him through the double doors into the bedroom. 

The room is huge! One wall totally replaced by a huge window, which looks out over the themes river. A four poster bed stands in the middle of the room, surrounded by heavy, velvet curtains in a deep blood red colour matching nearly perfectly with the detail on my outfit. The satin sheets covering the bed shimmering in the soft light coming from the elegant chandelier high above on the ceiling. 

I push Jack towards the edge of the bed and tell him to lose his clothes as I stand, hands on hips, watching him. Within seconds, there’s a pile of his clothes at my feet, all bar the shorts he’s wearing. I push him back on to the bed and tell him to make himself comfortable, the tie I removed from him earlier still in my hand, I slip back into the lounge area, searching for something else to use as well as the tie. The belt from my coat, which had been draped across the back of a chair, will be perfect for what I have in mind, slipping the tie and coat belt into the side of my corset as I walk back towards the bedroom.

I return to the bedroom to find the lights have been dimmed and Jack with his eyes closed, lazing on the bed with a drink in one hand and his cock in the other, oblivious to my reappearance. I stand transfixed by the site before me for a few moments, silently picturing myself lowering slowly on to him, his length stretching me, and the delicious feeling of pleasure that always accompanies it, before snapping back into character. I slam the door shut, and stride over to the bed, where jack is now hastily trying to rearrange himself. Reaching a hand out I stop him, pushing his hands aside I gently run my fingers from the base of his cock to the very tip, watching it jerk in response to my caress. I straddle jacks waist and gently pin his arms about his head as I nuzzle his neck softly, savouring the smell of the aftershave I'd given him for his birthday that very morning. I pull his tie from the side of my corset where I had tucked it safely away and quietly loop it round one of the bedposts as I continue to kiss and lick his neck and shoulders, and repeat the same on the other bedpost, careful not to arouse his suspicions, I lace my fingers between his, and slowly move his arms so they are level with each post and as I kiss him full on mouth I pull at the end of the tie and the belt so that they snap up and catch Jacks wrists as they tighten into place before he can register what’s going on.

After a moment or to of watching him struggle, and making sure the ties where tight and strong, but not painfully so, I detangle myself from him and stand at the end of the bed admiring my handiwork.

Jack, unable to do much other than lie tied to the bed, just watches me, transfixed, and still in shock, unable to comprehend exactly what’s going to happen!

I retrieve my drink from the bed side table where Jack had placed it before, taking a sip, I move over to the other side of the room, where a stereo is located, flicking it on, I put the cd that I had brought with me into the machine and watch as it spines into action, the subtle melodies quietly begin to fill the air, and begin to add the feelings of extreme arousal that I am now feeling, the dampness of my thong now very obvious, and the feel of the satin against my freshly shaven cunt, making me shiver in excitement.

I move back over to the bed where Jack is, Pausing for a second, something was missing, but I couldn’t work out what for a second, then I realise, his legs, if I’m going to do this I need to do it properly, they need to be bound as well, just as this thought pops into my head I spot the 2 complimentary dressing downs on the bathroom door, the ties hanging down loosely to the ground, perfect!

I remove the ties and stride back over to the bed, I roughly push jacks legs apart, and tie each one to a bed post, tightly this time though, he’s a strong bloke, and I don’t want him getting out of bed until I decided he can get out of bed! 

Watching Jack, I drink some more of my champagne, slowly, my eyes tracing over his body, taking in this amazing site before me, my big strong husband, bound and helpless on the bed, unable to move an inch, the thought of this excites me more, and urges me on to the next stage of my plan.

I move towards the end of the bed, and tell jack to just ‘relax and enjoy the show!’ which I know he will, he’s asked me to do this often enough, but I’ve never had the confidence that I’m feeling now, the feeling of power I have over Jack at the moment is amazing and its making me feel more confident than I’ve ever felt before.

I turn so I have my back to him, bending over slowly, I let my hands run across the carpet as I gently wriggle my arse in his direction. I let my hands gently trace up the insides of my legs as I start to straighten up again slowly, taking my time, my fingernails lightly scratching against the sheer stockings I’m wearing, as my hands get higher towards the hem of my skirt, I spin round, not wanting things to go to quickly, my hands now at my waist, slowly rising up over the corset, my hands cupping at my breasts as they go, sliding up my neck, and running my fingers through my long back hair, then letting them retrace their path, back over my neck, and breasts, Jacks eyes transfixed on me. My hands keep going lower, the spilt in my skirt now being pushed apart so my fingers can play with the top of my stocking, and then gently and ohhh so slowly work their way up a little more again, my skirt being pushed up just enough so jack can see the suspenders and a tiny glimpse of my now dripping wet thong. Spinning around again, I bend over slowly, my hands still in the same position, so jack can’t see them, I run a finger over my satin encased clit, and moan gently, turning to look over my shoulder at him, licking my lips and keeping eye contact with him as I let my finger play over that area once or twice more, I turn my face back again, and raise one hand to flick my long hair over my shoulder, my hands move down the insides of my legs, then back up again, this time, taking the hem of the skirt with them, pushing the skirt clean out of the way, my hands caressing the insides of my legs, I let my head fall forward, hair now pooled on the ground. Watching jack, I let one hand wonder up over the back of my leg, up over the top of the stockings and suspenders, and up to my arse, where I gently caress my bottom, my hand moving more central, as I let it slip down slightly and play along the satin of the thong which is blocking Jacks view. 

I’m not paying to much attention to jack at the moment, I’m enjoying myself to much, but I realise, as I hear a moan escape from his lips that he must be enjoying watching the show as much as I’m enjoying hosting it!

My other hand joins its partner, as one hand strokes my arse, the other plays along the edge of the satin of the thong, occasionally a finger tip slipping inside the material to caress my clit. The thong is pulled quite tight against my arse, and feels so sexy, I trace a finger over it, over the bud of my arse and down to my dripping void that is waiting to be filled.

I slide a full fingers length into my thong, letting it run over my clit and down, slipping it into the waiting void, the smooth dampness making me shiver as my muscles contract around the finger. I gently slide my finger in and out, watching jack from between my legs, his cock looks like its fit to burst, I’ve never seen it standing so hard and tall. Slowly I remove my fingers and turn my head round to face jack again, one hand still playing with my arse as the other I raise to my lips so that I can lick my own juices from my finger. The sight of this causes Jacks cock to start jumping, his hips rise upwards, his eyes half closed, as he watches my finger slide in and out of my mouth, my tongue playing with it, enjoying the taste of myself.