 Before I begin, I have gotten a lot of responses from readers. One reader requested a gentler, more romantic approach. So here goes nothing! Fair warning I am simply no good with romance, so I suspect that a few other elements might slip right on in. As always this story is my creation, and as such is not to be copied, changed, or posted without my permission.

Meglyn smiled into the looking glass as she brushed her hair in preparation for the day’s events. Nothing could dim her excitement. Her favorite author was having a signing at the local bookstore, and she was determined to meet him. Rolling on some lip-gloss, she stood to check her outfit once again. A black halter and red shorts showed off her curvy figure. At 5’9” and 145 lbs she was curvy, but not fat. Her white sneakers and long flowing burgundy hair completed the picture. Soft green eyes peeked out from behind mirrored sunglasses as she grabbed her car keys and jogged out the door. 

Speeding down the freeway in her black 1969 ford mustang, she thought about finally meeting him. Alexander Rhine didn’t often do signings. He was a secretive man, and preferred to live a private life. This was only the second one she had heard of, and it was within driving distance. Barely fifteen minutes away. Pulling into the parking lot, Meg noticed that the shopping center was packed for a Tuesday. Word had sure gotten out fast. Ever since his first novel, Lust Blood and Fire, had come out fans had been ravenous to meet him. He wrote with such passion that his words almost set the reader afire. Yet he had avoided publicity, until recently no one had even captured a picture of him. Walking through the doors of the large bookstore, Meg saw groups of young women crowding around a podium. Older patrons hung back, awaiting Alexander’s arrival with more patience. Noting that she still had almost half an hour, Meg made her way towards the back of the store. Weaving through the rows of shelves she finally found her favorite spot, and pulling a copy of Alexander’s latest, Darkest Ebony, from her book bag, she plopped down onto a pillow and began to read. The rear of the store was nearly empty, all of the patrons waiting breathlessly in the main lobby for the arrival of one of the decades biggest writing sensations. Hearing footsteps to her right, Meg looked up slowly, more out of habit than anything else. As her eyes alighted on the intruder she gasped. It was the sensation himself, and he didn’t disappoint. Long black hair fell around his shoulders, slightly shading his deep gray eyes. His tall, long-limbed frame moved with the grace of a panther. Black leather pants rode low on his hips, his tight black T-shirt molded to his form, and shiny black combat boots completed the perfect picture. Finding her tongue Meg smiled a greeting, and said. “I think you may be in the wrong place, the podium is that way.” She jerked her head towards the front of the store, watching him as he stopped and gave her a slow once over. 

His sensual lips curved into a slight smile, a smile that was frightening and erotic at the same time. “And why aren’t you up there with that pack of wild beasts? Afraid you’ll get trampled?”

Sitting up slightly, Meg licked her lips and began to chant in a singsong voice. “Who’s afraid of the big bad wolf, big bad wolf, big bad wolf.” 

With a speed that was breathtaking he was suddenly beside her, pulling her into his arms. “And now are you afraid of me little red?” 

Her eyes twinkled, and her lips curved into a smile as she shook her head. Threading her fingers through his hair she held him still and latched her mouth onto his, stealing his breath. “Don’t be so sure of yourself. I never said just who the big bad wolf was.” 

His eyes darkened as he looked down at her. “You are playing with fire little girl, and when you play with fire you get burned.” 

She smiled up into his eyes. “Oh, I think I’ll take my chances, but say don’t you have a book signing in about five minutes?” 

He cursed under his breath and released her. “Meet me at the employee entrance out back in three hours?” 

She bit her lip, as if thinking it over and then replied. “I might show, if something else doesn’t come up.” And with that she turned on her heel and began to walk slowly across the store and towards the double doors that led out to the parking lot.

Alex stood with his back to a lamppost, waiting to see if little red would appear. He couldn’t believe how the signing had dragged on. Shaking hands, and smiling until the faces were nothing but a jumble in his mind. The only one that stood out had been red. Her laughing smile, and casual attitude had captured his interest. As he stood there lost in thought, a pair of arms wrapped around him from behind and a soft familiar voice said. “Waiting for me?” He turned to look into her eyes, and with a wolfish grin took her lips. The kiss was soft, passionate, searching. When she pulled away she was dizzy with it, drunk on him. She led him across the parking lot to her car, and shoved him into the passenger seat. Heading off towards her apartment at breakneck speed as his hands roamed over her body. 

They reached the apartment in under ten minutes, and her clothes were off before she had had time to close the door. They tumbled together onto the living room floor, as his hands started a fevered exploration of her body. His leather-clad knee rubbing erotically against her bare thighs made her shiver. The soft brushing of his hair against her breasts driving her insane. She rolled over on top of him, stripping him of his shirt and pinning him to the floor. He groaned low in his throat as her nails gently raked over his skin, her tongue fluttering over one of his nipples as she slid down to remove his boots. As Meg worked on the laces, Alex began to remove his pants. The leather clinging to his skin as he slid them down his legs. Clothing forgotten, Alex gently lay Meg on her back and began to explore her with his mouth. His tongue moving from her collar bone across her chest to flick against a hard pink nipple. Sliding lower to roll around her belly button, and tickle the skin on her hips. She arched up off of the carpet, digging her nails into her palms as he slowly made his way towards where she wanted him to be. Finally he slid his tongue inside of her, dipping in and out before his mouth captured her clit. He sucked gently, inserting a finger into her and curling it against a special place inside of her. Her moans began to rise in volume as he rolled her clit in his mouth, adding a second finger. Moving her hands to the back of his head, Meg wound her fingers through his hair. Urging him closer to her. Every muscle in her body tightened as his teeth slowly grazed her flesh, his tongue working miracles. Sensing that she was about to cum, he drove his fingers into her faster, taking her clit between his teeth and pulling. Meg screamed her orgasm, her channel flooding as she clawed at his shoulders in lust. 

Pulling him from between her legs she kissed him, sucking her juices from his tongue. Her legs wrapped around his hips and she pressed urgently against him. Pulling back slightly he looked deeply into her eyes. “Are you sure?” 

With a grin she reached down and wrapped her hand around his erection, guiding it into her. “Fuck me!” 

His breath caught as he slid inside of her. Her muscles gripped him tightly, sucking him further in. Catching a nipple in his mouth he sucked hard as he began to pump into her. Starting out slow, but quickly speeding up. Her cries of pleasure drove him on as he gripped her hips and slammed into her body. Breathing faster as he got closer and closer to orgasm. Her hands ran over his body, feeling him, caressing him, and urging him on. The dam broke, and he growled as he emptied himself into her, pressing his thumb against her clit as his cock ground down deep inside of her. She shivered once, then bucked up against him hard. Her mouth wide open as the waves crested over her. 

Opening her eyes she grinned up at him. “Nice, oh god you feel so good.” 

Gasping for air he replied. “I never did catch your name.” 

Laughing softly, she whispered into his ear. “Meg.” Then, curling against him, she drifted off to sleep.