 Sian had forgotten how addictive great sex could be. The craving to be skin-to-skin, to suck, lick and nibble another person, the glorious full feeling as a man thrust inside her. The heat, musky smells and salty tastes. 

She couldn't forget Rob's promise, her body wouldn't let her. However she didn't have his phone number or any way to contact him. He knew where she lived, but would he come to see her? Her body clenched at the thought of him returning. She had started to change the dirty sheets but instead lay down, her hand between her legs as she recalled the torrid night.

***

Rob had been teased when he'd arrived late for training. The coach punished him with extra circuits which nearly killed his sleep-deprived body. Finally, he was allowed to go for a shower, just in time for the last of the team to come out. As he stripped off in the changing room, a wolf whistle came from behind him.

'Now we know why he was late, boys. Look at those scratches.'

In his weary fug, Rob had completely forgotten how Sian had dug her nails in as he had ploughed inside her. Even the memory sent a jolt to his loins.

'So, who's the vixen, 'Bertie Boy? The youngest, most annoying player on the team slid down the bench, his freckled face alight with mischief. 'Or pussycat? Did you make her puurrrrr? he rolled, 'Or hiss?'

Rob smirked as he remembered a particularly salacious moment from the early morning. 'Damo, a gentleman never tells.'

Another player piped up from the other side of the changing rooms, 'Well, you owe us for the taxi we took home. Imagine leaving your mates stranded,' he tutted loudly. 'Only the brief text, "Had to go, have an emergency." Emergency?'

'First time I've heard pulling a bird described like that, butt.' A gruff Welsh voice joined in. 'Emergency hard-on perhaps.' The bluff redhead grabbed his groin lewdly. 'So who was the tart?'

'She's not a tart,' defended Rob. 

'Rob, mun, you're single, you've scratches all over your back and the look of a man who's spent the night fucking his arse off.'

Rob felt a wave of heat wash over him as another flashback hit him: taking her from behind, him slapping her peach of a rear and leaning forward to pull the nipples of her generous breasts. 

'And yet you're nearly ready to go again.' Cackles of laughter filled more of the room than the steam billowing from the showers into which Rob escaped. 

Christ, she was a hot one. He'd never really looked her way before, there were far prettier girls around. Skinny girls who usually lay in the sack like dead fish, not wanting to muss their hair or spoil their make-up. Sian had really let loose, not holding back for a second, and it was great to have some curves to hold on to. She really got into sucking him, her hands massaging his balls and even further back. She tasted so good and he hadn't had a chance to return the favour and eat her up. He licked his lips at the thought.

And he really must stop thinking about her, do that compartmentalisation thing men were supposedly good at. He smirked to himself as he looked down at his erect, eager cock. 'Down, boy.'

He did really want to see her again soon, see if the sexual chemistry was as hot with a repeat performance. But he didn't have her phone number. Who was she friends with? He frowned as he continued washing, trying to ignore his eager hard-on.

He came out of the shower rubbing his calmed body dry and headed back towards his belongings. The room had emptied apart from a couple of stragglers, one of whom, Alex, the scrum half, was waiting by his bag.

Rob nodded at him and started pulling his shorts on.

Alex cleared his throat, 'You know my wife, Clare?'

'Kind of.'

'You know Tom's wife, Sarah?'

'The elegant brunette?'

'Yes. Well, you know Tom and I would do anything to keep our wives happy.'

'That's understandable.'

'Don't treat Sian badly. Don't talk about her, don't denigrate her to the squad. She doesn't sleep around, that's the first time I've even seen her with a bloke so don't assume she's easy. Or else. If our wives get upset...' Alex didn't have the sheer bulk of muscles Rob carried but Rob knew he could look after himself. The assistant coach, Tom, did, and more besides, plus they both fought dirty when necessary.

'Message received and understood. Now could I have her number please?'

Alex laughed, 'You've got some nerve.'

'I forgot to ask her for it.'

'You were busy?'

Rob gave Alex a measured look, 'You testing me? I told you all,' he mimed zipping his lips shut.

Alex grinned ruefully, 'Just joking. I'll check with Clare that she wants you to have it and text later.' He patted Rob on the shoulder and left.

Rob sighed, instead of no-strings-attached sex it turned out that he'd have to run the gauntlet for a repeat performance. Though if it was anything like the previous night, it would be worth it.

***

'He did what?'

'Made sure Rob wouldn't run his mouth off. He did ask for your number though, I told Alex to give it to him.'

Sian laughed harshly, 'Thanks but he's never going to call, not if Alex has scared him off. Shit,' she cursed, 'It was a great night but he probably thinks I'm easy.'

'That's been covered too.' Clare gave her a sympathetic smile, 'Alex did it off his own bat, he's trying to make me happy so don't get mad at him. He's just clueless sometimes.'

They were sitting in a pub in Harford having a late Sunday lunch. Sian had called Clare to apologise for disappearing the previous night but Clare had seen her and Rob disappearing together and correctly added two plus two.

Sian's phone started beeping, she glanced at the display screen but the number was unfamiliar. 

'Is it him?' asked Clare, hands clasped hopefully beneath her chin.

'Maybe,' admitted Sian, hitting the answer button and trying to ignore the butterflies swarming in her stomach. 'Hello?'

'Hi,' a familiar, deep voice rumbled, 'Taken any spills today?'

For a moment Sian's brow creased in puzzlement, 'Oh, I haven't even teetered if that's what you mean.'

'Not without me there to catch you,' rumbled the voice. 'Fancy a drink?'

'Err...okay.'

'Tonight, eight at...' There was an expectant pause.

'What about the White Lion, it's off Harford High Street?'

'Cool.'

'Cool.'

'See you later, then.'

'See you later.'

''Bye.'

'Ta-ra.' Sian carefully terminated the call before looking up at Clare with a stupid grin. 'He called.'

Clare grinned back, 'He did. What are you going to wear?'

'I've no idea what I'm wearing on top but I'll have my best underwear on underneath.'

'Great plan, Sarah would highly approve too. What about long boots and that wrap dress?'

'The red one?' Clare contemplated it for a moment, 'The one which I usually have to pin at the top?'

'That's the one. But leave the pin off, or remove it sometime in the evening.'

'Sneaky.'

'Yup.'

***

As the train rattled closer to Harford, Sian nervously fiddled with the skirt of her dress and tried to resist tugging at the deep v showing her cleavage. She had always been rather voluptuous and could definitely hold more than her own on the curves front, but didn't often show them to this extent. The colour was flattering to her, warming her skin and bringing out auburn highlights in her hair. It was her confidence dress, and she'd worn it for a couple of first dates too. Sadly, the dress had lasted a lot longer than any of the relationships had.

The train drew up at the station and Sian hopped off. She was a little early so decided to have a glance in some of the estate agents' windows. She was just bending over to take a closer look at a multi-million-pound when she felt something brush her buttocks and started.

'Nice view. Unless you have millions stashed away, I'd have thought that would be slightly out of most people's budgets.'

Sian laughed and turned around, 'Hey there. It's definitely out of mine, anyway.'

Rob grinned, 'That's a shame, I was planning to fleece you for all I could get. Another nice view.' His eyes had been drawn to her cleavage, due to leaning forward, her breasts were making a bid to escape the dress.

Sian gasped and pulled her bra and dress straight, 'Oops, sorry.' 

'I'm not complaining.'

They stood and looked at each other, Sian could feel the heat in his gaze. 'So, you managed to get here okay?'

'It's not far. I share a flat with Gavin and Marcus down the road.'

'Cool.'

'I don't know the area though, I don't go out around here.'

'Oh.'

There was another slightly-awkward silence. Rob was the first to break it, 'So, shall we go to this pub?'

'Okay. It's just over the road and down that passageway.'

They headed off towards the White Lion, Sian stealing glances at the man beside her. He was dressed all in black, his jacket covering a soft-looking sweater. His hair had been neatly combed, enough so that she had an urge to muss it up. Like it had been when she rode on top of him. The memory kindled heat between her legs, if she hadn't been walking, she would have had to rub her thighs together to ease it.

Rob and Sian came to a halt by lights, just in time for the crossing signal. As they stepped onto the road, they both glanced at each other and grinned ruefully as their eyes met.

Unfortunately, they missed the lights changing. The sudden call came from the right, 'Watch out!'

A cyclist zoomed past their noses. They both started in shock, and Rob's arm shot up around Sian to pull her back to the pavement. 

'Bloody hell!' cursed Rob. ''Scuse my language. Sorry.'

Sian laughed, 'We should've kept a better eye out. Come on, it's clear now.' 

As they crossed, Rob's arm didn't drop from her waist, Sian could feel his warm fingers through her coat and dress. The shot of adrenalin and his hand on her was making her body buzz, feel light-headed. Heat began building again between her legs and her breath shortened. Trying to regulate her breathing only made her more aware of his woodsy aftershave and the scent of him underneath, how he smelled and tasted. She knew he was talking but struggled to focus. 

She glanced at him again and his hand squeezed on her waist. Barely restraining a moan, she turned towards him and their eyes locked. The flickering heat between them exploded into wildfire. 

'Shall we go...?' He didn't need to say anything more, both his hands coming around her waist.

'Yes please.'

'Your place or mine?'

'Whichever's closest.' 

Back across the road, to the taxi rank. Luckily, nothing got in their way this time. Sian didn't hear what he said to the driver, just allowing herself to be bundled in the back of the black cab. The door slammed and his hands pulled her towards him. Or did she grasp him? 

Hands fought against clothing, she was pulled sideways as they ate each other up, only separating to draw breath. Hands dropped to her legs, ran upwards to the bare skin at the tops of her thighs.

His head dropped to her neck and he moaned, 'Stockings?'

His hot breath and licking kiss made her gasp, 'Hold-ups.'

'Sexy.' His fingers tightened urgently and he pulled her partially across his lap. Her arms went around his shoulders.

She could feel his erection through the soft wool of his trousers, the hard flesh pulsing towards her. One hand danced around and down, she rubbed him and he moaned again.

'Oi, you two, we're here.' The taxi driver's voice interrupted their heated clinch and they both groaned.

Somehow they manoeuvred out of the cab without letting go of each other, Rob chucking a note to the driver and fumbling with his keys. 'Two seconds,' he gasped, 'We just need to get indoors.

Sian was vaguely aware of voices as they mounted some stairs and entered a flat. He propelled her to a door, opening it and kicking it closed behind them.

He ruthlessly stripped off her coat. She helped him with his, the sweater and shirt disappearing too within seconds. She laughed in triumph at his revealed chest, and attacked his belt and fly. 

Before his trousers dropped down, he shoved a condom in her hands and left her to it as he yanked her dress open, scooped her breasts out and pulled up her dress as she tried to keep hands on him.

Feeling his ready erection was too much. 'Now,' she gasped, 'I need you now.'

He fumbled briefly for protection and he pulled her knickers to one side, lifted her up and down over him.

Sian cooed her pleasure as she stretched around him and he thrust them together. Standing was too much; he staggered backwards and sat on a soft mattress. Sian straddled him. Her breasts bounced above his face, he grasped and squeezed them firmly as she took over. 

Down and up, down and up, she rode him like a horse, thrusting her hips as they rubbed slickly together. The pressure built and exploded through her, she gasped, panted and squealed as heat flashed through her body. He groaned, she felt him pulsing inside her. 

'Oh. My. God.' Sian collapsed on him, her breasts mashing up to his lightly-furred chest. They panted together for minutes. She felt him soften, and regretfully started moving. He let her, his sensually half-opened eyes eating her up.

'You look so great,' he grinned weakly as she stood up.

Sian's dress was twisted up around her waist with her breasts bulging out. Her knickers were soaking and she began awkwardly pulling them straight. 

Without warning, the bedroom door flew open and a stack of clothes entered, walking itself across the room towards the bed. It bumped into Sian and toppled away, revealing a vaguely familiar, shocked face.

Sian squeaked and hurriedly covered her bare chest with one hand, pulling the skirt of her dress down with the other.

The lanky, redheaded former-clothes-carrier yelped and jumped back, shock plain on his reddening face. 'Oh fuck, I didn't know anyone was here. I was listening to....' He let the rest of the clothes drop and pulled white earphones out, tinny music filling the awkward silence. He tore his gaze away from a blushing Sian to Rob on the bed who had quickly made his trousers decent. 'I'm sorry, mate. I had to...your clothes were dry and...' 

Stammering his apology he began picking up the scattered clothes, shoving them into a pile. 

'Gav?' asked Rob quietly, 'I'm really grateful but can you do the domestic servant bit another time please? Give me a couple of minutes.'

Gavin's head bobbed up and he scuttled out of the room, pulling the door closed behind him.

'I'm really sorry Sian,' Rob apologised, sitting up and awkward adjusting his trousers. 'Are you okay?'

Sian's head was bowed and her hands covered her face. 'I'm fine,' her muffled voice assured.

Rob frowned and got up, gently pulling her hands down. Sian lifted her head, her eyes were shining with mirth and a snort of laughter escaped.

'That was hilarious, the poor lad,' she gurgled.

Rob began smiling, 'You're right, that was amusing. I'm sorry.'

Sian looked around for her handbag, spying it by the door. She dug out a tissue and wiped her streaming eyes. 'I should be embarrassed but he was mortified.'

Rob chuckled again, his eyes running over her, 'I'll go and have a quick word with him. Do you want to freshen up?' He nodded at another door, 'The bathroom's en suite and there's a clean towel...here that you can use.' He rummaged in the pile Gavin had brought in and pulled out a strip of green fabric.

Sian nodded, taking the towel and escaping to the loo. She didn't know whether to right her outfit properly or strip off, in the end just pulling off her soaked knickers and removing traces of their exertions. The underwear she wrapped in some tissues and stuck in her handbag, going to sit down on the bed to wait. Clare had texted her to ask how things were going and she stared at the screen, contemplating a reply. 

Sian could barely make out muffled voices of Rob and Gavin talking, she didn't really want to but the walls were paper thin and the headboard was right up against the wall. There were some bursts of laughter, but Rob was doing most of the talking.

'...Goes no further, don't tell anyone it's her...not my usual...no, no, it won't last long...'

'Nice one...tell the boys...the scratches...keep it quiet.'

Another gust of laughter, a door slamming and Rob re-entered the bedroom. Sian continued fiddling with her phone for a few moments, chucked it into her bag and stood. 'I'm sorry, I should be going.'

'Not yet. I thought...Gav's gone out and let us have the place to ourselves.'

Sian didn't respond, her feelings torn between wanting to escape and wanting to spend more time with him. What could he possibly think of her? Should she be worried about what she'd overheard?

He gently took her bag from her and grasped her hand, 'Come on, I have a bottle of wine in the kitchen and we can at least have a chat before...' He trailed off, 'Well, before you need to leave or we can...'

She decided to give him another chance and nodded, following him out of the room and into a sparse, modern living area. While she looked out of the window onto the quad in the middle of the new-build complex, he started opening a bottle of red wine. 

'We don't have much storage space, that's why Gav had to bring in the clothes. He's a good flatmate, tidy but not anally so. He's on loan for a few months, he plays...'

'Second row, he's one of the new guys. It's nice you get on,' she commented neutrally.

'Marcus isn't so bad either, he keeps himself to himself, we hardly know he's here.'

'Not like on the pitch, he's always shouting there. Or when he coaches the women. Clare was quite taken aback when he gave them their first bollocking,' Sian added with a grin. The familiar topic helped her relax.

'That's true, when he gets worked up, he's quite fearsome. Must be the combination of Irish and South African in him. He liked Clare...' Rob trailed off awkwardly.

Sian knew that Marcus had asked Clare out before she had married Alex. 'He's a good guy; he'll meet someone soon,' she assured him.

The ice was broken and they chatted for several minutes, finding out more about each other. He brought the glasses across and they sat on the sofa, bodies angled together. Sian sipped the wine, it was surprisingly good, 'Nice, I thought you'd have more beer in.'

He laughed, 'I enjoy different things.'

'What else do you enjoy?' she purred playfully before taking another mouthful of wine.

Rob shot her a sizzling look, 'I'd enjoy eating you out.'

For several moments she didn't react. Until she gasped for breath and wine shot out of her mouth. While Sian spluttered, Rob fetched a roll of paper towels and dried them both off. 

She started giggling as he mopped her breasts and traced the neckline, 'Well, that was unexpected.'

'That I want to eat you out?' His hands moved to hefting her breasts, lightly pinching her nipples. Sian's back arched into his hands as hot wires zapped around her body. 'I've been thinking about it since that morning. When I tasted you here.' He ducked down to lick her cleavage. 

Sian felt a shot of sensation as if his warm, wet tongue had actually licked between her legs. Her bones turned to jelly and she sagged back into the soft cushions. The thought of him servicing her like that exploded the simmering pressure and heat between her legs. She could feel the wetness beginning to ooze out of her again. He slid down to kneel on the floor, his hands running up and down thighs, taking her dress with them so it crumpled at her hips.

'No knickers?' he asked bemusedly.

'They were wet,' panted Sian. A thumb started lightly stroking short, wet curls, teasing her and lifting away whenever her hips followed it. She mewled as she felt herself become wetter and wetter.

'Wet from what?' Amusement streaked Rob's voice as his breath tickled her inner thighs.
