 The phrase "playing with someone's heart" is usually another way of saying that you're leading someone on or toying with their emotions. This story, however, is not about someone screwing me over..as a matter of fact, it's quite the opposite.

The heart has always been a symbol of love and romance. In this story, the heart becomes sexual... 

You had told me that tonight you wanted to do a little "experiment". You wouldn't say what it was, just that I would enjoy taking part. I take a shower and get dressed, then wait for you. When you arrive, I notice that you have brought nothing with you. Curious, I ask you what kind of experiment we are doing that needs no equipment.

"You'll see," you say, and take my hand, leading me upstairs. 

We get to the bedroom and you tell me to undress. I do as you say, still wondering what you have planned for me. Once all my clothes are off you have me lie on the bed, and you tie my arms above my head. This isn't unusual, since you are the one in control when we're together, and you've tied me up many times before. You remain clothed, and get onto the bed, straddling my waist. I look up at you, slightly nervous but also excited, not knowing what you have in store for me. 

You look me in the eye and start to slowly run you hands lightly over my skin. I feel your fingers on my thighs, I feel you caressing my stomach moving slowly upward. You run your hands over my breasts, stopping for a moment to linger on my nipples. Your right hand slides over and stops when it gets to the spot between my breasts. I feel you press your palm against my chest and you look at me, a smile on your face. 

"I can feel your heartbeat" you tell me. 

I feel myself getting excited. Keeping your hand in place, you lower your head, lightly licking my nipple. Instantly I feel my heart speed up. You look at my chest and watch your hand moving up and down by my heartbeat. You keep your hand there for about a minute, just feeling my heart pulsing beneath your palm. Again, your mouth returns to my breast, your tongue teasing my nipple, licking and sucking. You slowly slide your hand over to the right, and press your fingers up under my left breast. You can feel my heart contracting wildly beneath your fingers. 

"Your heart is beating so fast," you tell me, "I think you're enjoying this". 

I am breathing heavily, aroused by your words and actions. I know now what the experiment is...it's an experiment in control. Suddenly you remove you hand and just look at me. 

"Please don't stop," I tell you. 

"Shhhh...." you say, and just sit there for a moment, watching me catch my breath. Eventually you start caressing me again, all over. I feel your fingers lightly stroking my stomach, my arms, then back to my chest. You place your hand over my heart again, and feel my heart beating a bit slower now. I hear you whisper, "It's amazing how I can control something that you, yourself have no control over." When it gets back to it's normal pace, you tell me, "I want to listen to it."

You remove your hand and slowly bend down and press your ear firmly against my chest. Your hand moves downward, coming to rest between my legs. Immediately, you hear my heartbeat quicken as you lie there, listening. Your fingers press against my clit, moving in a slow circle. I can feel my heart accelerate. 

"Your heart is beating so loud..." you say, and your fingers move quicker over my clit, in time with my heartbeat. Again, my heart speeds up, beating wildly in my chest. "Faster...." you whisper. As if on cue, my heartbeat races even faster. Your fingers increase their pace and I feel a warm tingle beginning between my legs. I glance down and can see your head moving up and down on my chest with each forceful beat. You press your ear harder against my chest and whisper again, more urgently... "Faster...I want to listen to your heartbeat as you come" My heart is beating wildly now, and I'm panting. I feel my heart start to beat erratically and I arch my back up, pressing my chest against your ear as I orgasm.

* * * * *

My breathing finally returns to normal, and I notice you looking down at me. 

"So was the experiment a success?" I ask you, smiling. 

"Oh yes, it was...but I think there's still some more things we need to try...."