 This story is a co-written work between myself and Garborn. This is his fantasy and I couldn't have written it from a male perspective without him. It was a pleasure to share and bounce ideas with him. 

I hope everyone enjoys our contribution. 

*

Shit I'm late! You would not believe the day I've had, first of all, all of my friends tell me they aren't coming to the concert, then my car breaks down, and top it all off by the time I finally get to the airport my flight had already closed and I had to spend half an hour at the service desk trying to book another flight to New York. Now I've got an hour to kill at the airport and so I'm stuck sitting in these uncomfortable seats, strewing about how the day turned out. Being such a big guy only makes these small seats worse, and I've lost count of how many times people have run into my legs with their stupid hand luggage.

At least I could do some people watching while I waited, I must say those airline companies are on to something with the fight attendant attire, More than one firm ass and long legs has walked past me in the last half an hour in a nice pencil line skirt. After about a hour of people watching my flight was leaving the airport. After what had felt like an hour my flight was finally boarding. After the basics of getting to my seat, I buckled myself in and made myself relax. I had been looking forward to this concert for months. I decided to pass some time by day dreaming a little seeing as how I was not tired and could not sleep in these small seats even if I wanted to. 

Closing my eyes, I do my best to get comfortable, shifting my shoulders left to right, I think back to the last time I saw this band. Who was I with? Oh that's right Jenny. Shit, she was hot. That was sure a special day. It started off great, could not have asked for better weather for driving. Sunny a little on the hot side but that's what Air conditioning is for, right? So we where almost there roughly fifty miles to go. Just coming out of the Mountains we hear this loud BANG and then the car was pulling to one side of the road. I stopped the car and we both got out to take a look and see what had happened. Hell, Jenny was pissed off. She was getting into me about not stopping at the last truck stop. I could have cussed out the entire car when I set eyes on that blown tire. Things only got worse when popping the boot we found the spare missing. After about an hour on the phone trying to find a tow truck to come out and bring us a tire I finally found one but it would take them almost two hours to get it to us. By now, Jenny was breathing fire, and I was less than happy myself. But what could we do? Nothing much left to do but sit in the car and wait and try and stay cool.

After we'd been sitting on the sticky car seats for twenty minutes or so. Jenny gave me this look. I knew that look, and before I knew she was swinging her door open and climbing out, and I can hear her feet crushing the pine needles as she quickly moves. I shake my head opening my own door wondering what she's up to. Just as I get out, she opens the back door and climbs in. I lean forward at the waist looking at her past the driver seat.

"What are you up to back there Jenny?" I ask with a cocked eyebrow. 

"Why don't you get your arse in here and have a look." She calls flashing me a cheeky grin. Sighing I circle the car and stop in front of her open door. Bending forward I rest my elbow on the edge of the door. I almost choke on my saliva as I lay eyes on her, lying out on my black leather seats, legs spread, and totally naked.

" What are you waiting for? Come get me big boy." She smirks at me as she places her hand on her knee, spreading her legs a fraction wider, showing me her trimmed pussy, the copper red hair catching the light shinning in from behind me. I drop my knee on the seat, feeling it give a little under me, as I come up over her. I start by kissing her soft ruby red lips while trying my best to strip my shirt off. Before I can even get it over my head her fingers are clawing at my shorts trying to get my hardening cock within her reach. Grabbing bunches of my shorts she rips, and our sharp breathing is broken by the sound of the zipper coming down harshly. We break our kiss reverting to lingering kisses but only long enough for me to finish taking my shirt off. Her purr of satisfaction as she runs her hands over my bared chest have my cock twitching and I quickly shove my possibly ruined shorts down. Going for my boxers she halts me, and links her fingers in the waist of my boxers. I let out a strangled moan as she ever so slowly pulling my boxers forward and over my stiff cock, watching her face only a foot from my cock as she licks her lips hungrily. I quickly pull them from her grasp and push them down kicking them out heedlessly behind me. I lean back slightly using the back armrest to support my weight. Now fully revealed I hear her let out a little gasp of pleasure as her mouth slightly drops open.

"Oh god, come here!" she all but growls at me. Grabbing my wrist I never quite knew how she managed it but the next thing I knew she had pushed me down flat on my back and climbed astride on my waist. I thought I would go wild feeling her plump, wet pussy lips pressed against my hot skin. The press of two lips as she lent forward drove me crazy, starting by kissing my jaw, then moving down, licking the sweat off my skin as she licked and sucked the hollow of my throat. Her lips felt fever hot as she kissed down my chest, biting the toned skin as she went. I was desperate to get up, touch her, but she kept pushing me back. I almost shouted in frustration when she lifted her hips, letting her wet pussy stay clear of my thick cock. As her mouth got closer to my throbbing cock, her ability to pay attention to me lessoned and I was able to bring my hand up, touching her silken hair. I ran my fingers through her long, silky auburn hair dying for her mouth to finally reach my throbbing cock. She had stopped nibbling around my stomach and pubic bone. 

"Come on honey, fucking suck my cock..." I growl. I let out a moan of raw pleasure the instant her soft lips met the head of my cock. I could feel my back sticking to the soft leather seats of my car while she was gently licked the head of my cock while slowly stroking the rest of it with her hand. I was in heaven, her tongue felt so hot and wet and I found myself completely at her mercy as she expertly continued to lick and suck on the head of my cock. I wanted to feel her take more, suck my hard cock. Without thinking I reached for her head, twisting my fingers in her hair, I heard and felt her moan, encouraged I held her head still and my hips bucked into her mouth. Her nails sinking into my thigh as she groaned and sucked hard on the shaft had me lost. I took a firmer grip on her head and started guiding her up and down my length. Looking down I could see her lips tight around my cock as I used her face to fuck my cock. God, every breath I took burnt my lungs. I could feel her saliva running down my cock with each thrust. Finding she had given control over to me, I decided to push her a little harder. On the next downward push of her head I thrust my hips up a little and could feel the pressure of her throat. Her tell tale gag told me I had hit the right spot. She didn't seem to stop me though so I kept it going. Raising my hips every time I forced her head down taking that pretty mouth a little bit harder each time. 

I could feel my self getting close but I didn't want to cum, not yet, even though it was so tempting to thrust hard and fill her mouth and throat with my cum. I tugged softly on her hair, as she took one last suck, there was that distinctive 'pop' as I brought her up so she was looking at me with her lips all pouty and tears on her lashes from gagging on my cock I couldn't have wanted her more. I nudged her back slightly; using my palms I pushed myself up so I was sitting. I almost laughed at the sound of my skin as it made a sucking sound and came free of the hot leather. Turning I rolled down the back window a little to get some fresh air in the car because it was getting pretty steamy. Shifting over, I caught her foot and slowly helped her turn so she was laying on her back, legs spread before me. She smiled at me as she placed both her heels on the sticky leather and raised her hips to test if she would slip. Leaning over here, I lent forward and caught her lips with mine. They are so soft, and hot for being on my cock. I hungrily kissed her darting my tongue out meeting her awaiting tongue in response. I could taste my self on her tongue as we kissed passionately. Leaning over her, I brace myself on my knees between her spread legs. As we continue to kiss I let one of my hands slide from her shoulder down her soft, slick skin. I cup the heavy full breast, lifting it slightly as I rub my thumb over her hard nipple. She moaned into my mouth and pushed her chest into my palm. I catch her nipple between my fingers, tugging it softly. 

She broke the kiss pressing her forehead to mine, locking eyes with me she whispered "Mmm... Harder babe.." I let the corner of my mouth kick up as I squeeze firmly and she lets out a little whimper of pleasure. 

"Ah... that's it babe.." she encourages. I kiss her lips before moving to her cheek, jaw and neck, skating my lips down the slope of her breast I take her free nipple in my mouth, sucking it hard before grazing it with my teeth as I squeeze her other nipple. The raw moan from deep in her throat spurs me on, and I continue to bite and squeeze between rolling and sucking. I could feel her body move and shift in response to the feel of my hot breath and lips on her tender flesh. I give each of her nipples a parting kiss smiling wickedly as I see them pucker tightly wet with my saliva in the air. Deliberately I slowly kiss and lick my way down her creamy smooth chest and stomach while my fingers gently traced their way down her sides. I nibble her belly button, dipping my tongue teasingly inside. I spread her pale thighs slightly; leaning forward my mouth is now right above her awaiting clit. Looking down, I see the engorged nub, begging for attention at the top of her pussy lips. As I slowly move forward inhaling her musky sent I feel both her hands come down and grab the back of my head and force my mouth onto her. We groan together as I sucked her clit into my mouth and started to slowly suck and flick my tongue across it.

She throws her head back in pleasure, letting lose a primal growl " Oh fuck!!" 

I continued to suck and lick on her clit, rubbing one of my fingers against her entrance. She is already soaking wet for me, and her moans encourage me, so I gently slide a finger her tight wet pussy. Working it slowly, I feel her walls work around my finger, her fingers gripping my hair more tightly; Jenny bucks her hips up into my mouth and hand. I pull back and look up her length, now flushed and covered in a slight sweat.

"Do you want another babe?" I ask, working my finger slowly in and out of her. Her heavy lids drop so her eyes are like emerald slits.

"Get that other fucking finger in me.." She tells me though clenched teeth.

"And while you're at it, get that delicious tongue back on my hungry clit." I smile at her demanding tone, slipping the finger out of her; I rub the tip of the two fingers against her entrance and then push them in slowly. Her moan of pleasure is music to my ears as I start to create a steady rhythm, my mouth returning to her clit. I feel her hands return to my head, pushing me aggressively into her hungry cunt, pleased to hear this met with more moans of pleasure. I could feel her getting wetter by the second and knew she was close to cumming so I slide my fingers out and started to flick my tongue in and out of her soaked cunt while rubbing on her clit with my free hand I could feel her body start to tense so I picked up the pace on rubbing her clit until she finally explodes, bucking her hips aggressively into my face and hand, her juices gushing into my waiting mouth as I lap at them. 

"Come on baby, let me see that dripping pussy in the air. I want to fuck it like it deserves." I encourage, helping her to sit up and roll onto all fours. I rub my hand along her arse and hip, watching her get into position. Her breathing is ragged and she wobbles at little as she gets into position. Once she was up on her hands and knees she starts to playfully wiggle her ass at me.

"Come on big boy show me what you got, I want to feel that thick cock in my tight cunt." Grinning, I couldn't help but smack her arse one good hard time, which is met with a slight moan of pleasure from her. I raise my eyebrow, surprised at this discovery. I position myself behind her, resting the blunt head of my cock against her slick, pouting pussy lips. My breath is short and as I suck in a gulp of air, I get a mix of our sweaty bodies, her musky sent, and the crisp air seeping in the window as it blows in behind me cooling my back off. I gently start to rub my head up and down her slit, mixing my precum with her juices. She wiggles slightly, pushing back as if to force me to slide in.

"Mmm, you naughty girl, I will take you when I want you to babe." I remind her, continuing my torment of her begging pussy. I grasp her hip, holding her firmly in place. I start to slide in nice and slow and the feel of her hot wet, tight pussy was about to push me over the edge. 

'Man, pull yourself together before you blow your load without getting half in her.' I tell myself sucking in a deep breath and holding her totally still in front of me. I stall for a few seconds I gently reached around and under her to start rubbing her clit again and I was met with a nice little moan by her and a thrust of her hips had me fully in her and it was everything I could do not to cum right then. After a few seconds of buying some time I started to work myself in and out at a nice, slow pace. 

I let out a strangled groan "Fuuuccckkk...", squeezing my eyes shut as I feel her contract around me, milking my cock as she cums around it's thickness, I keep pushing in and out of her. Her slight moans were getting louder as she rides her climax, pushing back with her body hard to make to slide fully into her. Just the sound of her cumming is driving me crazy. I take a firmer grip on her hip, bringing my other hand down; I slap her arse hard and feel her squeeze me tightly in response. I groan deep in my throat as I start to pound her slick pussy, it easily takes my full length. Every time I slam myself to the hilt in her, I was met with a load scream and the feel of her cervix on the head of my cock. I could feel myself building up to the point of no return. I run my hand up her slick back, reaching up with one hand, I lace my fingers in her long red hair. Dragging her back on my cock I force her head back up, so her screams are now loudly filling the small space. I can feel my balls getting soaked with her juices as they bounce off her slick pussy. 

"Oh god, fuck me! Fuck me!" She screams on every thrust. I can feel the tell tale build up of pleasure in my cock, as I continue to fuck her.

"This is it, I'm gonna cum" I warn her, fucking her hard, dragging her back on my cock, curving her back heavily as her soaked pussy swallows my cock. My balls tighten, and I imagine my cum shooting into her pussy, oozing from that slick hole afterwards. I close my eyes groaning...

"Ladies and Gentleman, I would like to advise everyone return to their seats are we are able to experience some turbulence." The gravely voice tells us over the PA as the familiar 'bing' of the seat belt sign follows the message. I sigh, trying to readjust my position, my cock was throbbing and I could feel the wetness of precum on my leg. Opening my eyes I open and close my fists, trying to force myself to relax, but really I know there is only one answer - I really need a release. 

I wait, feeling like I am about to crawl out of my skin, I watch the seatbelt light, willing it to turn off. After several minutes of turbulence, the seat belt light turns off. I sigh in relief, deciding I need to get to the bathroom and sort this out before we land. Quickly I unbuckle, trying to get up from my seat without drawing too much attention to myself. I look around, the few people scattered on the almost empty plane are too busy watching TV or reading to pay me much mind. I turn and face the back of the plane my eyes fixed on the rest rooms ahead. About four rows from my goal, I spot the flight attendant leaning over assisting someone in their seat, her arse cleaning outlines in her pencil skirt and she seems oblivious to my situation. Stopping a foot from her, I wait for her to stand. She continues to lean over, shifting her arse slightly to one side to let me pass. I had no choice but to try and sneak by her with out rubbing up against her. To my horror I could feel the head of my cock noticeably slide across her arse. I suck in a sharp breath, holding it as she turns her head slightly, and I know she has felt it. Now I've cleared her, she turns to look at me with a sexy little smirk on her face. 

" One moment Sir, I think I can help you with that little problem of yours." She informs me as her eyes rake over my body, pausing at the noticeable bulge in my pants. I keep moving to the space near the restrooms. I feel like I've stepped into a 1970's bad porno, and start to tell myself I've surely just imagined the entire thing. Standing with my back to the seats I try and get grasp at my slipping control. 

Just as I'm sure I have it all under control, she approaches from behind slipping her hand along my waist. "Just this way Sir." She purrs turning and walking towards the now empty rest rooms. My eyes fall to her full arse, I couldn't help but notice as the sway of her hips and how I could almost make out her arse crack in her ultra tight skirt. Once we reach the back bathroom she pushed me in ahead of her, and as I look back I see her check to make sure no on saw her, before stepping in behind me. 

Once both of us where in the small confined place, her eyes are running over my body as she carefully unties her scarf and removes her hat, placing them next to the sink on the counter. She slowly undresses herself, removing each piece of her uniform with care, making a neat pile next to her hat. Once she's down to her heels, stockings, thong and lacey bra, I start to rip at my shirt, quickly getting it over my head I drop it in a crumpled heap next to her clothes. Bringing my hands to my Jeans, I toe out of my shoes as I unbuckle my belt and undo my pants thrusting them down, with my boxers. She lets out a greedy purr as my cock springs free, dripping precum from the head. Watching me hungrily, she gracefully goes to her knees, pushing me back against the wall with one hand, she grips the base of my cock with the other, holding it still as she leans forward, licking the precum off the tip. I groan, feeling her take the head of my cock in her mouth, rolling her tongue over the sensitive head. She started to bob up and down on my cock. Her ruby red lipstick lips are stretched wide around my thick cock, I can see a slight smear or red of it on my shaft from her bobbing. 

Frustrated with her slow pace, I reach for her head, grabbing fistfuls of her hair in both hands and started to force her to take more of my cock in her mouth with ever thrust. I can feel the back of her throat pressing up against the head of my cock as I push her harder down, hearing her gag a little, but she doesn't stop me, her hands coming up to my thighs, her red nails digging into the tender skin as she takes her face fucking. I pull her down harder, becoming more forceful bucking my hips slightly on every down thrust. I could feel her saliva running down my balls and inner thighs. The thick saliva making it easier to fuck her mouth. I thrust hard, really pulling her down on my cock, there is pressure and I don't think anything more is going to happen, and suddenly the pressure releases and her nose is pressed to my pubic bone. I feel her shudder and her nails dig sharply into my thighs, but I can't deny the pleasure as her throat contracts around my thick shaft, I pump her a few short thrusts, one of my hands slipping to cup her throat so I can feel the shaft fill the tight space. Moaning I feel myself getting close. I drag it out of her mouth, hearing that familiar pop and my cock comes free. She takes in big gulps of air, and looks at my cock hungrily. I tug on her hair, getting her to look up at me. Her eyes are glassy and her mascara has run slightly from her tears. 
