 The Prelude

After nearly twenty years of near misses and false starts, this was finally shaping up to be their first serious attempt at sexual role-play. Robert and Claire had been married for all those years and had retreated from the no holds barred, rampant lovemaking of their early, before the kids years, to a now decidedly stale repertoire that left almost everything to the imagination.

Their counselor had suggested they might do this to allow Claire a little more freedom to express herself in a safe sexual environment and for Robert to simply enjoy the erotic delights of seeing his wife in a different light sexually. They were finally ready, or at least Claire had determined she was as ready as she would ever be and Robert was of course, beside himself with anticipation. He may have had one or two panic attacks in the past week just knowing what was coming; it was almost too much for him.

Robert had previously attempted to get Claire more interested in role-play by suggesting he pretend to be a TV repairs man or something along those lines. He had done so playfully but in truth it was borne of sheer hope and desperation. Claire was never able to really let go and have fun in the bedroom anymore and so their fantasies had never came to fruition. This time was different, years and months of couples therapy had brought them to this point and they were finally ready to try it out for real, or not, so to speak. Their counselor thought it best if Claire do more of the acting out the first time; this would give her more control over the situation. However, Robert was to play his part, by directing and orchestrating what happened once the play was set in motion.

The theme they had chosen involved Claire playing the role of a high-class call girl with Robert playing the part of a music industry producer in town for a few days. Playing a 'prostitute' per se was a step too far for Claire and as Robert had never considered visiting a call girl and could never think of his wife as a whore, they settled on these roles as a safer sounding scenario. They had both watched enough documentary television to know the practice was anything but safe but at least the high class angle gave Claire the opportunity to dress up for the part. Robert of course would have played any role that got him closer to Claire's inner wild child.

Claire was at home at 2:00 PM on Tuesday afternoon when the phone rang. This was to start out as a daylight tryst, a little afternoon delight that had been the bastion of their romantic entanglements as early lovers. The voice on the other end said, in a fairly convincing foreign accent, "Hello, is this Miranda?"

"This is she," croaked Claire, in a dusky voice that was much lower in tone than normal. She giggled inside at the knowledge that the voice on the other end of whatever passed for the line in today's technical age was actually her husband Robert. All the same, her heart began to beat a little faster than when he would normally call her at home; perhaps this is working she thought, she felt herself getting just a little excited.

"A friend of mine gave me a card with your name and number on it. It never had a business name or address, just a phone number under the name Miranda written in bolder print."

"Well I'm glad he gave it to you, most of my, um... friends are pleased with my work. What can I do for you Mr. err... what is your name?"

"Cortinez."

"Hola, Señor Cortinez."

"Hablas español?"

"Un poco, but I prefer to use English if that is OK."

"Si, Si, sorry, yes of course. I am in town for a few days and my friend recommended you for company, it gets lonely being on the road. How much do you charge for a few hours of your time?"

"Well if you want what most of my friends want, it's three hundred for the first hour and then two hundred more for each hour after that. No half hours or partial hours, only by the full hour and of course a one hour minimum."

"OK, I have no more meetings today so what time would suit you?"

"Where are you staying?"

"At the Hyatt, downtown."

"I could be there by five a clock, will that work for you."

"Yes that would be great, how do I pay you?"

"Cash only, all large bills and I need to see the money before anything happens, is that OK?"

"Of course, my room number is 1220, I will be waiting."

"All right, I will be there at five sharp."

"I look forward, Señorita."

As soon as she hung up the phone, Claire could not resist the temptation to go straight to her laptop and look at their bank account on-line. There it was, a one thousand dollar cash withdrawal earlier that day. My, she thought, Robert was going to be a big spender and he expected to be there for more than an hour.

Robert left his car keys with the valet at the hotel and walked through the hotel lobby toward the elevators carrying a small briefcase under his arm. He had already checked in earlier and gotten the key to room number 1220 on the twelfth floor, not far from the elevator. He opened the door with a swipe of plastic and went inside to prepare for what he sincerely hoped, lay ahead.

Claire began to get ready for work. She had already showered and had her hair in rollers as she applied her make up. She had thought this out; she wanted to look sexy but classy, not like someone that needed to have sex for money, but rather someone that enjoyed trading sex for money. She groomed her pubic hair with the electric trimmer and left only a small patch on the fatty tissue right below the pubic bone. Laser removal had done the hard work; all she had to do these days was maintain. Robert loved it, but she knew that tonight would be even more thrilling for him and it gave her immense pleasure that he would be so excited by it. Once finished with her hair and makeup, she put on the dress she had chosen for the occasion and appropriate high-heeled shoes. She noticed with satisfaction her brush-tanned legs complimenting the overall look of the outfit and left the house in her black Lexus. As she watched the garage door close, a small shudder came over her. Was she having second thoughts or was she just excited? Well, too late to turn back now, thought Claire. After all he had already withdrawn the cash! She backed out of the driveway, turned the wheel toward the highway and sped off toward downtown.

Claire drove the car under the hotel porte-cochere, opened the door, stepped out and took the claim check from the valet. As she walked into the cavernous lobby of the downtown Hyatt, she had a strange feeling that the valet had somehow looked at her differently. Not as a guest or someone with legitimate business, but maybe someone that had business there. Had she overdone the look, she thought to herself. In truth it made her feel even more excited to think she actually looked the part she was about to play. She walked through the lobby following the signs to the elevators and found herself subconsciously avoiding perceived glances from anyone that might ask her something; anything that would invalidate the reason for her being there. Don't be silly, she thought, you are overthinking this; remember you are Miranda, not Claire!

As she entered the elevator, a distinguished looking, older gentleman, she guessed around sixty years old, exited and as he walked by she noticed he gave her a slight wink. In normal circumstances this might offend her but this evening it gave her a little more confidence that she could indeed pull it off. She pushed the button for the twelfth floor and rode the elevator toward the rendezvous with the mysterious Mr. Cortinez. As she approached the door to number 1220, she glanced at her watch, five minutes past five, fashionably late. She could only imagine what state Robert was in, probably pacing the room in nervous anticipation, worrying if she would go through with it. Well she was here and not going through with it was definitely not an option. She reached up and firmly knocked twice on the heavy wooden door and waited with rapidly increased breathing and lightheaded exhilaration.

The Players in the middle bit

Señor Cortinez opened the door and it took every bit of restraint they each could muster to stop themselves from bursting out laughing and collapsing in a heap on the floor. The raging adrenaline and rising tension must have kept them centered in their respective roles as Robert welcomed Claire into the room. He was wearing the hotel embroidered, standard issue white bathrobe. He looked as if he has just stepped out of the shower, slightly greying hair brushed back with no parting. Claire felt a small shudder as the door closed behind her, not out of fear but from a level of excitement that felt strange and way outside her regular comfort zone. The room was large with a king-size bed centered on the back wall. There was a faint smell of cologne permeating the air and soft music coming from a mini speaker that was perched on a window ledge on the far side of the room. Claire recognized the first track, Barry White's 'My First, my last, my everything,' and surmised the rest of the evening would be filled with more of their favorites from their years together.

Claire walked past Robert and noticed the look on his face as she walked in wearing that dress! She had thought carefully about the choice and knew that this was his favorite. Not only was it a snug fit with full-length zipper, it was the one she had worn to the engagement party last year. She had never worn underwear underneath it because, well it didn't need any and panty lines would show for sure. She had tried wearing a slip but that just kept riding up and made her uncomfortable so there it was, commando.

Empowered by the look that she had seen on his face, Claire swept past Robert, moved further into the room, stopped and turned toward him.

"Good evening Señor, do you have anything to drink?"

"Yes of course, is merlot OK señorita?"

Robert would have known this was Claire's favorite type of wine but of course, Señor Cortinez had to be hoping that it would be suitable. As Robert poured two glasses of wine from the bottle, Claire noticed that he hadn't taken his eyes off her and especially that tight fitting dress.

"Do you like my dress, Señor Cortinez?"

"I like the whole package Señorita, the dress merely adds the final layer to your overall beauty but, yes, I like it very much. I cannot wait to see what lies beneath."

"What about the money?"

"Oh, yes, I forgot, I will pay for two hours, that is five hundred, correct?"

Robert fumbled through a wallet on the desk and produced five crisp one hundred dollar bills and handed them to Claire. She thought it odd that he was paying for two hours but had withdrawn a thousand dollars from their bank account. Quickly, she checked herself and took her mind back into the Miranda role. She looked around the dimly lit room and saw there were two sets of pillows on either end of the bed, facing each other. The bedding in between had been stripped down to a single pale blue satin sheet that glistened slightly from the reading light that was lit on only one side of the bed. There was a small briefcase on the bed at the bottom, slightly tucked under one of the sets of pillows. She took a sip of wine from the glass and looked directly at Robert.

"Where should I put my clothes?"

"No, please, do not undress, take off just the shoes, leave the dress on and get onto the bed, sitting up, at the top."

Claire moved past him, his eyes never leaving her as she slinked her way to the bed. She placed the wine glass on the bedside table, kicked off her shoes and, taking care not to show too much of her legs, she climbed onto the bed and nestled into the pillows at what she supposed was her end. When he deemed she was comfortable and in the correct position, Robert took his place at the other end of the bed facing her. She couldn't help noticing his erection lifting the robe off his thigh as he rolled into place in his own nest of pillows, also sitting up.

"Now, I want you to take off your panties."

Claire reached down and made as if to obey his wish but as she slowly rolled her dress up toward her thighs, Robert noticed the dark shadows that were unmistakably cast by the folds of the mysterious and wondrous outer lips of her vulva. Of course Robert had been anticipating this for the entire time she had been in the room, but in his Cortinez role, he made a low, gravely sigh as if to feign surprise. Claire noticed the bathrobe twitch slightly as his erection grew larger at the realization that she was naked under the dress.

"Now, play with yourself," he said motioning with his outstretched left hand.

"Are you going to join in?"

"Not yet, please just do as I ask, I am paying you after all, no?"

Miranda pulled the dress up further, now exposing most of her upper thighs but not her entire bottom half. She took her left hand and placed it on her right leg and began to trace her fingers upward toward her most private area. Slowly she moved her hand, palm flat and fingers facing downwards until it covered her entire pubic area. She slowly slid her middle finger along the outer lips, and then dipped further into the inner folds before finally pushing her middle finger inside her vagina. Claire was taken aback by how wet she was, noting that she had a warm feeling throughout her entire body. Her nipples felt more sensitive, as if they were clamoring for some attention of their own. With her other hand she pulled the zipper of the dress down just enough to be able to reach in and roll the nipple of her left breast between her thumb and forefinger. The nipple became erect instantly and the red globe sat atop her breast like a proud beacon perhaps warning of peril at sea.

Playfully, she took her hand off her mound and while looking straight at him put two of her slender fingers into her mouth. When they emerged, the deposited saliva appeared as a silky thread stretching like a web between them. She placed her hand back in the same position and this time she pushed the two fingers that she had just had in her mouth all the way up inside her vagina. As she pulled them back out she saw that Robert had fully opened his robe and his erect penis was in his left hand and a bottle of oil of some sort in the other. He emptied some of the bottle's contents onto his penis and began to spread it all the way up and down the shaft and then rubbed some over his scrotum and the area between the sack and anus. Claire was surprised to see that Robert had also trimmed his pubic hair and almost totally shaved his scrotum. It actually looked better than before, she couldn't help thinking that she might actually enjoy giving him a blow job without all that hair getting in her face. Then she noticed something dark at the base of his penis. Of course, Miranda would probably have seen this many times before but Claire was taken aback to see a thin black ring tightly circling the shaft directly above the scrotum. God, he is wearing a cock ring, she thought; no wonder the head of his penis looks so swollen.

Claire began rubbing the hooded folds around her clitoris in tight little circles, alternating direction every ten seconds or so. Robert continued to slowly massage his penis from the base all the way up to the bulbous head that was getting fuller and more sensitive by the second. They liked to mutually masturbate each other but this was the first time they had both done it while watching the other at the same time. He was careful not to get too excited, there was more to come from this evening and he was determined to savor every moment. He slowed his movements and placed his hands on his thighs, his rigid penis waving like a magician's wand in the soft light.

"Are you going to come for me Miranda?"

"Is that what you want Señor?"

"What do you want, Miranda? I think it is clear what I want."

Miranda began to rub the area immediately above her clitoris more vigorously until she could feel herself coming close to the brink of orgasm. She knew that nothing would be able to stop her now and as the clitoral orgasm came, she pushed those same two fingers that were in her mouth previously inside her vagina and used them to push on the sensitive spot just a few inches inside the upper vaginal wall. The resulting climax was so intense, her back lifted and her bottom came off the bed as her pelvic muscles clenched repeatedly around her fingers. After what must have been a minute or so, the spasms slowed and she withdrew her fingers and began to slowly move them over the small patch of hair on her mons. As she applied steady downward pressure it felt so good that she knew she was going to come again soon but before she could bring herself to orgasm again, Robert spoke. "Miranda, stop. Open the drawer next to the bed."

Miranda leaned over and opened the drawer and inside found two items.

"Take out what you find please."

Miranda took the smaller vibrator out first; it was pink, about five inches long and fairly small in diameter. She placed it on the satin sheet between her legs. Then she reached into the drawer and took out the dildo. This was a different animal altogether, at least eight inches long and with a girth she would estimate to be around six or seven inches with veins and ridges that gave it the look and feel of a real penis.

"Use the small one first, I want to watch you come again."

Miranda took the small pink instrument of pleasure and turned the black knob on the bottom until she felt it begin to vibrate. She hesitated as she waited for more instructions. None came, Cortinez was intent on simply gazing at her and she knew what to do next. She placed the tip of the vibrating tool onto the still swollen flesh of her clitoral hood and slowly moved it, in alternating circular and up and down motions. Occasionally she slid the tip into her inner lips but did not push it into her vaginal canal. Cortinez rock hard erection hadn't diminished and he began to slowly pleasure himself again, concentrating on the underside of the glans on the left side looking down. This was a very sensitive spot for him and he knew not to overdo it for fear he wouldn't hold back for what was to be the ultimate thrill, perhaps the biggest of his life so far.

As she moved the vibrator in ever increasing circles over her moist lips, she turned the black knob further clockwise, increasing the rate and intensity of the vibration until she felt that familiar, out of control sensation as another orgasm came crashing in like a tsunami onto the shore. As she came this time she let out a cry of delight and pushed three fingers of her other hand, the one that had been fondling her nipple, into her vagina while still holding the vibrator on top of the folds above her clit. She was getting so into this now, she knew that if she kept the fingers pressed against the inside wall, the vibrations from the little pink guy would bring her to yet another climax within a few minutes. Sure enough, there it was, this time she felt as if she might pass out, it was as if she were floating above the bed as the straining muscles in her groin clenched and unclenched in a perfect rhythm. As she came down from the high plain of ecstasy, she placed the pink vibrator onto the bed beside her and looked at Cortinez again. He was still looking at her intently and the head of his penis was now so engorged it looked about to explode.

"Don't you want to come for me now Señor?"

"Not yet, but thanks for asking. I want you turn over, onto your knees with your backside facing me."

Miranda turned over and rested her head on the soft pillows. She pushed her rear end out and upwards exposing the soft, fleshy parts of her thighs but still the dress was covering her buttocks. Cortinez gave a sigh that indicated he liked what he was looking at and in an instant he was behind her. He placed his hands under the creased folds of her dress and pushed it slowly upwards, over her bum cheeks and he saw a small white line that contrasted with the glistening bronze of her skin, indicating she had worn a thong while getting a spray tan a few days before. As he moved the dress farther up to expose the small of her back, he stopped abruptly. There, stretched across five inches or so of the tight skin that covered her lower back was a tattoo, she had a tramp stamp! Cortinez smiled; there, emblazoned on this most fascinating of all the curves of the female anatomy was the symbol from their Alma Mater, the Longhorn! He knew it was temporary of course, but if ever Robert wanted to be inside her, now was that moment but he first wanted to fully enjoy the sensational experience that had begun to engulf them both.
