 Amy's eyes popped open as she suddenly jerked awake. "Wow," she thought, "that was some dream." She couldn't quite remember what had happened, but it was hot, and now she was unbelievably turned on. She turned to the warm lump beside her, and poked it, hoping her husband James was up for a little late-night loving to release the tension. No response. She poked again, a little harder this time. James rolled over and grunted a little. "Alright," she said to herself, "guess it's up to me now."

Amy slid her right hand down her stomach and between her thighs. She was already hot and bothered, and knew it wouldn't take much to send her over the edge. Her fingers crept down between her legs and gently touched her clit, which was already engorged and sensitive. She stroked slowly and gently, her left hand moving to caress her nipples. Next to her, she felt James roll over again, but she completely ignored him, concentrating on herself. Softly pinching her nipples, her right hand sped up its stroking, pressing harder and faster. She dipped her middle finger into her opening, moaning softly at the sensation. 

As she was lost in her reverie, she became aware of a third hand caressing her breasts, and something hard pressing against her thigh. Surprised, she opened her eyes and stopped. "Oh no, baby, don't stop," James whispered in her ear. "I wanna watch you make yourself cum." Smiling slightly, she stared into his eyes and began stroking herself again, this time using her left hand to rub his hard cock. As close as she was, having her husband watch just drove her further, and she moaned and panted as she stroked herself faster, harder, dipping her fingers into her slit and pulling them out to once again rub her hard little nub.

Amy was so intent on her own bliss she forgot about the stiff cock in her hand, just holding onto it as she writhed and moaned. James whispered in her ear again, "oh yeah, cum for me baby. Come on, just a little more. I wanna see you cum." Listening to his hoarse whisper pushed her closer, and she rubbed frantically as his hand continued to play with her nipples, then his mouth was on them, suckling gently. "Oh God," she moaned, feeling her orgasm building. She rubbed faster, fingers moving over her clit. Finally she couldn't stand it anymore. Her body tensed, she stroked herself frantically and moaned "I'm cumming!" Her body tensed as her orgasm peaked and then she relaxed, satisfied.

James, however, wasn't even close to satisfied, a fact of which he reminded Amy by rolling over on top of her. She smiled up at him and whispered, "your turn now!". She reached down between their bodies and took his rock-hard member in her hand, stroking it gently while bringing it towards her wet opening. She rubbed the head up and down against her lips, teasing him a little. James, however, knew what he wanted and he wanted it now. He reached down and guided himself into her tight body. Amy let out a little gasp as he filled her, she was always amazed at how good he felt inside her. James drew out, leaving just the head inside, and then back in slowly. Due to Amy's little show earlier, he knew he wasn't going to last long, but he wanted to get her off again. Amy looked up at him and their lips met, tongues tangling and exploring. Her hands ran up and down his back, stroking and kneading, grasping his ass as he rode her, slowly at first but increasing speed. Their kiss broke and she raised her head and bit him gently on the neck. Amy used her grip on his ass to adjust his speed and depth, driving him into her faster and harder. "Baby, I'm not going to last much longer," he moaned in her ear.

"I know," she gasped, "I'm going to cum again. I love it when you fuck me like that. Your hard cock inside me feels so good I can't help it!" Her words trailed off into inarticulate moans as he drove into her, her tight opening swallowing every inch of him. "Mmm, yeah, like that, oh god baby, I'm gonna cum!" Their moans mingled into one constant sound as their bodies joined as one. James felt her tightening, and knew that she was very close, as was he. He drove into her as deep as he could and heard her moan loudly as she reached her peak once again. He plunged in again, and felt his own release overtake him, filling her as she moaned under him. A few more short thrusts, and both were totally satisfied. He remained on top of her, enjoying her warmth underneath him. After a minute he rolled off and took her in his arms, feeling her doze off in a happy daze. He smiled and did the same.