 She lay in bed, tucked under the covers. Her eyes were on the bright television screen before her, but her mind was elsewhere. She heard his steps in the hallway outside the bedroom and her mood brightened. She had been waiting for him.

By only the light of the television, she watched him step into the room. He moved to the foot of the bed, undressing. She heard the sounds of the rustling fabric and her pulse quickened. He turned the television off and then came to stand beside the bed. She licked her lips anxiously and slid over to make room for him in the bed. As he stood over her, she could just barely see the smile on his face as he gazed down at her. He flipped back the covers, exposing her to him and the smile grew. Her skin prickled with goosebumps as he slid into bed with her.

He lay on his side, his hand finding her bare hip. He moved his lips forward until they found hers. They shared a sweet kiss as his hands slid to her backside. Her own hands moved to his back and her leg slid over his hip. He deepened the kiss in response to her eagerness. His hand squeezed her butt and she moaned with pleasure. She loved his hands on her.

His mouth slid from hers as he pushed her onto her back. He laid kisses against her neck, nipping and sucking. Her breath came quickly as her skin slipped between his teeth. His hand found her breast, squeezing it just as he had done her butt. She felt her pussy began to throb as found her nipple, first teasing her with slow caresses and then pinching and pulling in time to his teeth at her neck. She moaned loudly, gasping at the feeling.

Her hands tried to push his head, "Please," she whispered. He tasted her mouth again before moving down to her breasts.

Her toes curled as his mouth touched her tender nipple. They were always so sensitive when she was aroused, and now was no different. Her right hand went down to find her wet sex, hot, throbbing and begging to be touched. As her fingers slid across her clit, her body arching up towards his mouth, she realized that she was already close to orgasm.

He grabbed her right hand, freezing her ministrations on her swollen clit. "Not yet," he growled. She moaned with disappointment and a touch of fear. She didn't know if she could hold on much longer.

He took her wet fingers and slid them into his mouth, sucking them clean of her juices. She lifted her head and looked down at him, still gasping.

"Please?" she begged, her body writhing in anticipation. He moved so that he was now kneeling between her legs. He gripped her thighs and held them open for him. He teasingly placed tender kisses on the inside of her thighs, rubbed his beard against her tender flesh.

"Please?" she begged, her crotch rising off the bed with need. He lowered his head to pussy, feeling the heat from inches away. His eyes on hers, he grinned before darting his tongue out quickly to touch her throbbing clit. She was nearly sobbing as she begged once more, "Please?"

He lifted her legs over his shoulders and said, "Count to three and then you may."

He was so close to her hot sex, she could feel his breath and it drove her mad. She was trembling as she started to count. "One."

She watched his mouth coming closer. "Two."

Just as she began to say, "Three", he latched his mouth onto her clit, feeling each orgasmic throb on his tongue. He saw her hands clawing at the sheets as he rolled her through one, then two orgasms. His tongue dipped to her tight hole, tasting the cream that had flowed. As she calmed from the second orgasm, his hand went up to her breast, squeezing her nipple in time to his sucking.

And then she was rolling through another, and another orgasm. She felt like she was flying and every time she would start to come down, he would send her back up again. But as her body became acclaimed to the pleasure, it began to want more, to want him more.

She put her hand through his hair, the other on his hand. "Please," she begged. He lifted his head. He stared up at her for a moment, as if he didn't know what she wanted, what she needed.

"Inside, please?" she begged.

It seemed like he was moving in slow motion as he began to crawl up her body. His mouth pressed to hers and she tasted herself. She felt his hand between them, sliding his hard cock up and down her slit. She cried out, her hips jumping, as if trying to catch him. He smiled down at her.

"So eager," he murmured. He positioned himself at her soaking wet entrance. He watched her eyes roll up in her head as she slid slowly inside her. He rested his forehead on hers, his eyes closed as he enjoyed the feeling of her around his cock. Her legs wrapped around his waist, her arms going around his neck. She started moving her hips and he moaned before following her lead. His hands gripped her hips as he moved in and out of her, faster and faster. His mouth found her neck and nibbled at her as she began to orgasm again.

She was muttering jibberish now, as she always did after the fifth orgasm. It actually turned him on to hear it, to know he'd pleased her into oblivion.

She could tell by his breathing that he was getting close to his own orgasm. Her lips pressed to his ear as she began to beg once more.

"Please, cum, please cum in me."

He growled as he slid deep inside her one last time before his orgasm overcame him, his cock spurting hot cum against the throbbing walls of her womb.

As they collapsed tiredly onto the sweaty sheets, she whispered in his ear,

"Thank you."