 Jane and I took a shower together, which was also the first time that happened in years. She had got the silly notion in her head that she was not desirable anymore and was getting old and did not want me to see her naked in the light.

We then went to the kitchen still naked to get a cold drink and recoup a moment before we apparently were going back to the bedroom for round two and my turn to be teased and fucked. 

That is the bad thing about hitting middle age. Your body and mind is still saying, "Let's go" but your cock is saying, "Give me a minute here."

"I think the change is over. All I can think about is sex. I have missed that feeling. I feel so sexual again," Jane said.

She walked over to me, leaned her naked body against mine and we kissed deeply and passionately.

She wrapped her hand around my limp cock as we kissed and stroked it until it was hard.

"Look's like Moby is raring to go," She said.

Moby is her pet nickname for my dick.

"I think he is," I replied.

She didn't let go of my dick but pulled me as if I was on a leash down the hall and to our bedroom.

She led me to the bed and we crawled on. I knew where she wanted me so I got in the middle of the bed as she readied the restraints.

She first fastened my wrists to the headboard and then she began by kissing me. She moved down my body until she got to my chest where she sucked my right nipple into her mouth. Her tongue was flickering back and forth across my now hard nub. She knew I loved having my nipples licked, sucked and pinched.

She used her fingers to pinch and roll my left nipple while she sucked the other. I watched as her red lips pressed against my chest and her cheeks caved in as she sucked.

She then straddled my body with her big tits lying against my stomach as she switched and sucked the left nipple and played with the right. Her long brown hair was hanging down and it smelled sweet against my face.

She stopped sucking my nipples and scooted down my body a little. She reached onto the bed beside me and picked up the nipple clamps. "Oh fuck," my mind was thinking. I always liked them sucked, but was unsure about clamping them.

She opened the clamp and then positioned it around my nipple. She slowly let go of it watching my reaction as the clamp pinched my nipple. 

My body winced at the sensation. I wasn't sure if it was pain or pleasure yet. She picked up the other clamp and put it on my other nipple and again I winced.

She smiled and then bent back down and licked just the hard nub protruding from the clamp.

"Mmmmm," I moaned now knowing that this was pleasure coursing through my body.

She moved down my body kissing and licking all the way. She got to my hard cock, kissed, and licked near it. She kissed and then bit at my thighs. Moving her way back to my cock she smiled at me and asked, "Would Moby like to be sucked?"

I just shook my head yes and she sucked on my balls while her hand wrapped around my shaft. She kissed from my balls to the head of my cock and then I watched as she held my cock straight up in the air. She opened her mouth and I watched the head of my cock disappear into her mouth and her lips then lock tightly around it. Her tongue began dancing around my head and she sucked as she fondled my balls.

I watched as her lips slipped up and down my hard cock leaving it wet and shiny from her saliva. It had been awhile since I had the opportunity to watch her suck my cock as most of the time it was dark in the room. Now with the candlelight flickering I was enjoying every moment.

She suddenly stopped sucking my cock, went for the ankle restraints, and fastened them to the footboard.

She reached for the toys. She grabbed the big vibrator with the ball on the end of it.

"Ok, now what the fuck was she going to do to me with that thing," my mind reeled.

She switched it on and the humming sound filled the room. She placed in against my right thigh and moved it up and down my thigh. Then to the other thigh.

She moved it up along my groin but not touching my cock with it. She moved across my stomach to my chest. 

"OOOO FUCK," I moaned she placed it on the very sensitive nub of my nipple protruding from the clamp. My nipple felt like electrical shocks were running through it as I now pulled against the restraints.

Then to my other nipple. My body jerked again at the intense feeling against my nipple.

She drug the vibrator down my stomach and around my cock. She slid it around to my thigh and then beneath my balls. The vibrations were sending tremors through my body as it massaged my prostrate.

Then up my balls and I could feel them draw up tight as the vibrator slowly moved up the shaft of my cock.

"OOOO MY GAWD!" I groaned as the vibrator touched the tender underside of the head of my cock and then across to the top of it.

My cock strained and felt like it was going to explode, not with an orgasm, but from the amount of blood that engorged it. My whole body tensed with the intense pleasure of the vibrator on the head of my cock.

Then, she took it away and my body immediately relaxed but I yearned for the vibrator to be put back, "Please, put it back," I now begged.

She grinned, put the vibrator back under my balls and started once again pulling it along the shaft of my cock as I waited in anticipation as it slowly moved to the head of my cock.

"OH FUCK!" I moaned as again it touched the head of my cock. 

She held it there and then moved it around slightly. I was arching my back and pulling at the restraints as the vibrating made my cock strain to now cum. 

She knew she could not hold it there too long and again pulled it away.

"Oh gawd please let me cum," I begged again.

"Oh not yet my dear. We are not through with you yet," She replied grinning.

She set the vibrator down on the bed and turned to untie the restraints from the footboard. She then pulled my leg up as I had done to her.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Turn about is fair play is it not?"

She tied the ankle restraint to the headboard so that my leg was straight up as hers had been. Then the other leg. I felt so exposed. Exposed, as I have never felt before knowing that she could see my puckered ass and my balls hanging down. I also wondered if she was actually going to stick that vibrator up my ass.

She reached for the nightstand and opened the drawer. She pulled out a bottle of something and another device that looked like a small egg with wires running from it.

"What is that and why did I not see it before?" I asked.

"This dear is what they call a vibrating egg," she said as she put some of the lubricant from the bottle on the egg. She then put the bottle between my outstretched legs and I could feel the coldness of the fluid as it dribbled onto my tight rectum.

She then used her finger to spread the fluid around my ass and then, "FUCK!" I groaned as her finger slipped inside my ass.

"You're not going to put that egg up my ass are you?"

"Yep."

"Jane that thing won't go in my ass," I pleaded.

Then she grabbed the egg and I felt it touch my asshole. Then pressure as she pushed it against my rectum. Then more pressure as my sphincter tightened in response to the attempted intrusion.

Then suddenly, "OH MY GAWD!" I groaned as the egg slipped passed my rectum and into my ass.

I looked down at Jane who was grinning and saw the pre-cum dripping from the head of my cock and leaving a small pool on my stomach.

She reached for the controller and turned it on, "OOOOOOO FUCK YESSSSSS!" I was now moaning as the egg was vibrating against my prostrate massaging it. I thought I was going to shoot my load right then.

Jane was grinning at my response as she watched my ass.

She set the controller down leaving the egg vibrating away.

My body now covered in a thin layer of perspiration aching for release.

She grabbed the bottle of lubricant, put some in her hands, and then covered my balls and cock with the liquid.

She reached for the big vibrator with the ball on the end and again turned it on and the humming was on high speed. She touched it below my balls and my body jerked and I pulled at the restraints. She slowly ran it up my balls and ever so agonizingly slowly up my shaft and I was prepared because I just knew that with the egg in my ass working away and the vibrator touching the head of my cock I would shoot a load.

"FUCK!" I yelled out as it touched the head of my cock and she quickly pulled it away. My cock had jerked to push against the vibrator and then relaxed as it disappeared.

"Gawd please what are you doing to me? Let me cum," I begged and she just grinned.

She set the vibrator down and took her hands rubbing them around my balls and groin. Letting them slid along my slick shaft.

"Doesn't that feel good? You're so slick and smooth. I love the way Moby feels slipping through my hands." She said seductively.

She then reached for the controller of the egg and flipped the switch to a more intense vibration.

"OOOOOOO GAWD," I moaned.

"Oh fuck Jane, please! My dick is going to explode" I again groveled like a small child wanting something from the store.

"Not yet. You have me so hot and horny again," She said as she moved on the bed.

She reached for one of the nipple clamps and opened it releasing my nipple from its grip causing me to moan in a mix of pain and pleasure. She the released the other one. She bent down and cooled my sore nipples with her saliva and a kiss.

She then crawled under the ankle restraints and sat on my chest. 

"While I have you where I want you I think I want my pussy licked some more," She said as she moved closer. 

Her pussy mere inches from my face. She reached down, grabbed my hair, and pulled my head to her pussy.

I immediately stuck out my tongue and began licking and sucking on her pussy. She was again soaking wet with excitement.

She let go of my hair and scooted closer until she was literally sitting on my face grinding her pussy against my mouth. I looked up and could see her pinching and rolling her nipples.

I sucked her clit into my mouth and lashed my tongue back and forth across it. I wanted her to orgasm on my face and then I wanted her to let me have release. My dick felt like the skin was going to split open. I couldn't remember the last time it was this hard.

Her hips were pumping faster against my face as I continued the sucking on her clit.

Her body began to tremble and I knew she was ready.

"OOOOOOO FUCK YES!" She yelled out in an animalistic growl as her juices flowed from her pussy coating my face and chin.

She scooted back from my face, crawled back under the restraints and back around to my wide-open outstretched legs.

She grabbed the remote for the egg and I heard a click and the vibrations increased causing me to jerk again, "Fuck how many speeds does that thing have?" I asked

"You're on the max setting now baby and I'm going to make you cum like you have never cum before."

She grabbed the big vibrator again and switched it on high speed as the humming filled the room. 

The egg on my prostrate had me so near cumming I knew when she touched the head of my cock this time I would explode.

She laid it against one of my outstretched thighs and then down to my balls, which were now drawn up so tight that they ached.

Along my shaft and I could already feel the cum ready to blast from my body.

"OOOO SHIT! FUCK YESSS!" I yelled out as the vibrator touched the underside of my cock.

The cum in my balls blasted up my shaft with such a force that the first shot hit me in the chin. The second on my neck and I was not breathing but holding my breath and was actually dizzy, seeing stars as the third shot splashed against my stomach. The fourth barely made it out of my cock as I laid there in a catatonic state and finally took in a breath.

I was breathing heavily now as the blood finally began to return to my head. The right head at least for thinking clearly.

"Oh my gawd," I moaned as I finally opened my eyes and saw Jane grinning from ear to ear.

She shut off the big vibrator and then the egg in my ass. She pulled on the cord and I could feel the egg being pulled from my ass which in itself was a whole other erotic feeling causing my deflating cock to again jerk pushing a small drop of remaining cum from it.

The egg popped free and in a strange sensation, I missed it vibrating.

Jane moved to the headboard to untie my ankles and helped me slowly lay them on the bed. She knew from experience that I needed the help.

She then leaned over and I thought she was going to kiss me but instead she went for my chin. She licked my cum from my chin and swallowed it. She licked, sucked, and swallowed all the way down my body cleaning cum as she went.

She then came to my face and kissed me with her tongue against mine I could taste the salty presence of my cum still on hers.

She untied my wrists and I slowly began shaking my arms as they had gone numb from being in that position for so long.

"Well was that the best orgasm you have ever had?" She asked.

"I can't remember ever shooting cum so hard that it hit my chin so yes, I would have to say that was the best orgasm I have ever had," I answered.

She kissed me again and then curled up on the bed next to me and I wrapped my arms around her.

"I did a little more shopping today. Tomorrow I will show you what I bought." She said softly.

"Show me now." I begged.

"No, that is enough for one night," she said as she removed the toys from the bed and pulled the sheet over us.

"Tomorrow will be early enough." She said again.

We laid there holding each other instead of as in the past several years where we simply rolled over and went to sleep.

I laid there wondering what in the world she could have bought and finally fell asleep with the love of my life nestled against me.