 The key card releases the lock with the faintest click as he simultaneously pushes it open. She is waiting just beyond the door. The light spilling in from the hallway glints in her hair as he walks toward her. She stops him with an upraised hand, close but not quite touching his chest, warding him away. He reaches back to close the door, then leans back against it, wondering what she has in mind. He almost asks, but thinks better of it, as she hasn't spoken a word yet either.

As he stands, watching her, he takes in everything about her. Long thick hair, a mixture of chestnut and honey, falling in slow lazy waves to her waist. Even her slightest movement sends it rippling around her. Her face is unremarkable other than wide deep brown eyes, the color reminding him of a shot of Jack Daniels. She appears to wear no make-up that he can see, her lips very full but unmarred by any dyes. His eyes linger as they travel downward. She's wearing a very fitted black half shirt. The slight darkness of the room and the deepness of the shirt's color make him unable to guess what, if anything, she wears under it. The shirt reveals a small expanse of skin across her smooth stomach, as her black drawstring pants start just under her navel. He follows the flow of fabric down and sees a small silver ring on one of her toes.

Looking back up, he notes that she's watched him make his observations. With a slight smirk, she hooks her fingers under the edge of her shirt and lifts it over her head in one smooth motion. He's now able to see that she wore nothing under it, as her breasts fall free. They are fuller than he would have imagined for her small frame. She lifts her hands to cup them, letting her thumbs play lightly over the quarter sized nipples that harden at her touch. Letting one hand fall away, she unties the drawstring of her pants. They fall slowly across her hips, and then to the floor. He sees that she is completely shaven, a stark contrast to the copious amounts of hair spilling to her waist. She steps out of the pants that have fallen to the floor and stares into his eyes for a moment, before turning away from him. Parting her legs slightly, she bends forward to pick them up, but lingers in that position for a moment. It's all he can do not to push her against the dresser nearby and take her from behind, but he lets her play out her game a bit more.

Standing again, she walks over to the bed and motions him closer. He reaches her and lifts a hand toward her hair. Again, she stops him and indicates for him to sit. As he lowers himself to sit on the edge of the bed, she hovers over him for a few moments, allowing him to look up and see the weight of her breasts, swaying slightly as she breathes. Then she turns away and sits on the bed herself. She leans back agains the headboard, facing him, her feet on the bed just inches from where he sits. Again, she raises her hands to her breasts, teasing the nipples between her fingers. She pinches them and then cups her hands and squeezes her breasts together, making the nipples stand out sharply. Drawing her knees up, her hands fall to her thighs, which part as she strokes the smooth skin inside them. In slow circling motions, her hands travel down the inside of her legs toward the center of her body. She pauses like that for a second, then one hand begins caressing her outer lips. She plays slowly at first and then uses her other hand to part the outer lips, letting him see that her clit is swollen as she teases it with her fingers. She kneads it between her fingers, then strokes it, repeating these motions, letting her hand speed up as she works herself into a near frenzied state. He sees she's nearing the edge, when she stops suddenly, her legs shaking, and slowly inserts a single finger into herself. As she withdraws it, he sees it glisten with her wetness. She catches his eyes and brings the finger up to her mouth, staring at him as she licks it.

She raises herself onto her knees and leans toward him, pulling his shirt over his head, then unbuttons his jeans and plays a bit with the zipper before she works it down. Leaning back on her heels, she watches him finish undressing and sit again on the edge of the bed. He's suddenly more turned on by her staring than by anything up until this point and is unable to stop himself from wrapping a hand around himself and giving a few strokes as she watches. He sees in her eyes she enjoys watching him, which spurs him on even more. He moves his hand away as she approaches, ready now to let her do whatever it is she wants. She straddles his lap as he leans back onto his hands, thinking finally he'll get a release. Instead, she reaches down again to part her outer lips and presses her clit against his hardness. She begins rocking her hips, rubbing herself against him, hands planted now firmly on his shoulders. He feels her heat and wetness and involuntarily moves his hips, trying to press inside her, but she's insistent. She slides herself over him again and again, covering him in her wetness, which seems to push her on more. Her elbows bend and her nipples rub against his chest as she rocks against him harder. She begins to lose control and leans in closer to him, lowering her head to the soft skin between his neck and shoulder. He feels first her tongue searching and then feels her teeth close in on him. She bears down hard with her teeth but he's unable to stop her as the movement of her hips has him mesmerized. His hands go to her hips and begin to help guide her in her motions. As her teeth dig deeper into his skin, his fingers dig deeper into her skin. She begins to tremble and move even faster.

Suddenly she stops and pulls off him completely. Her eyes glazed and nearly black instead of deep brown, she finally breaks the silence with one word.

"Please.."