 The heat outside was stifling. Too damned hot to do anything. So with the air conditioning set on its coolest setting, we decided to find something indoors to do. While we both tried to think of something, I grazed her butt with the back of my hand as I walked from one room into the other. She put some CDs into the CD player, and the stereo began to belt out some of our favorite tunes. After a few minutes I went to the refrigerator and got us a couple of beers to enjoy while we sat and thought of what we could do. She went to her stash can and pulled out a joint, and proceeded to light up. The pungent smoke filled the room only to be wisped away by the circulating air conditioner. She took a few hits from the hand rolled herbal rocket then put it out in the ashtray.

I was on my second beer and began feeling the effects of the beverage as she was becoming relaxed from her home roll. After a while, we began dancing to the older rock tunes on the stereo. Our blood was rushing through our veins from the fast pace of our dance, when a slow sensual song began to play. Without missing a beat, we held each other closely, rocking back and forth in each others arms. Our bodies pressed into each other as we moved slowly, in beat with the music. She felt so good in my arms. Her soft hair, fragrant with her herbal shampoo, nestled along side of her neck. I nuzzled my face into the strands and took a long, slow, deep breath. The perfume that was an hour or so old, pleased my senses as well. Almost a flowery fragrance. The scent filled my nose, then ran rampant to my core. There was something about this scent that struck my primal cord every time I inhaled it.

She cooed to me that she loved the feel of my naked arms wrapping around her. She told me that my smells filled her nose and took her to our special place each time she breathed. As she spoke softly, telling me how I made her feel, I felt my desire beginning to rise. Apparently she did too. She pushed her hips into me and asked playfully if I had thought of an indoor activity yet. I smiled and stepped away from her. Her look was of despair. I smiled and asked her if she would dance for me. Would she do a strip tease?

She pushed her hands against my chest, knocking me backwards, as I landed on the couch with a solid thump. At exactly the same time I landed on the couch, a very slow, sultry tune began playing, almost as if on cue. She began to sway her hips in time with the beat of the music. Then slowly she began to peel off her clothing, starting with her button up top. Next her jeans came off, all still in perfect time with the song. She was now standing in front of me, wearing nothing but her lacy bra and her low cut thong. 

Her body continued to sway and snake in time with the music. She plucked the clasp of her bra with her thumb and fore finger, releasing the tension of the elastic straps of the bra. The loose bra remained in place, just barely. She took her hand and began to slide it down from her shoulders, bringing her arms together against the sides of her breasts, pushing them together. What seemed an eternity, the bra fell to the floor and now she stood in front of me, full breasts, erect nipples and her thong. I reached for her, but she pulled away, wagging her extended forefinger in a “No No” fashion at me. My lust was at a fever pitch.

The sultry tune stopped and I lunged forward, grabbing her hips as I slid off of the couch and knelt in front of her. My face was pressed against her mid section and I began to plant little kisses on her tummy and her navel. I slid my head down to the front of her damp thong and breathed in
.
“I’ve got it! Follow me”, I said with a resounding burst.

I walked her into our bedroom and shut the door after we were inside. I pulled her into me, to feel the heat radiating from her naked body against mine. I removed my Tee shirt with one quick easy motion as my arms reached back around her bared frame once again. Her smooth flesh felt good against my now naked torso. We kissed as we swayed to the distant sound of the music, coming from the other room. As we stood at the end of our bed, my foot hit the reading pillow that was placed at the foot of the bed. we kept the triangular shaped pillow there for watching television or for reading.

As I pushed against her, moving her backwards into the end of the bed, I used my large frame, lowering my self, and her, until she was lying on her back, legs hanging off the end. I knelt down at the end of the bed, where her crotch was placed at the beds edge. I lifted her legs, one in each hand, then spread them far apart. My lust began to run rampant through my mind as I gazed for a moment at her soft, opened cunny. My hands slid down to the back of her thighs as I continued holding her legs up high and apart. The throbbing in my jeans told me that I was more than ready to take her. But something in my mind made me want to explore a while longer.

I lowered my head down even where her exposed ass and pussy was. I pressed my face within a fraction of an inch of touching her, then blew a long hot slow breath. She cooed when I did this. I began licking her inner thigh, from mid way downward to her juice covered inner lips.  I then duplicated the exact same move on her other thigh, stopping just centimeters from her hot pouting lips. I moved my head upward and over her smooth lips then stuck my tongue out just above the small tuft of pubic hair that adorned her softest folds. I dragged my thick wet tongue straight down the center of her, this time cutting between the wet folds of her aching pussy. As I slowly descended, I could feel her hardened clitoris on the soft slick underside of my tongue. I stopped moving my head when I felt her pleasure pearl. Instead, I began slowly swirling my hot tongue over and around her flesh trigger for a minute or so.

She began to whimper slightly as I tongue massaged her sensitive clit. She whimpered even louder when I stopped my play. I stood up and grabbed the thick, angled reading pillow as I did. I asked her to move further up onto the bed and to roll onto her stomach. She did as I asked without question. I grabbed her hips and lifted upward, forming an arch under her tummy. I slid the pillow under her and asked her to now relax. As she lowered back down to the pillow, the globes of her butt became perched on the top of the crown of the pillow. With that being done, I kissed each of her butt cheeks and stood up to remove my remaining clothes.

Now, being as naked as she was, I crawled back onto the bed behind her. I lay each of my meaty paws on each of her firm fleshy cheeks and began kneading them. Each time I massaged them, I lifted the cheeks up and apart, exposing her pinkish rose bud with each massage. I lowered my head again as I placed my chest against the bed and remained propped up on my elbows. I blew right into her center as I kept kneading her firm cheeks.
With each spreading of her cheeks, she would feel my hot breath bask against her exposed anus, only to have the sensation stop as I let her butt rebound back to a closed position.

I then grabbed each  cheek with a loud smack as my hands grabbed the firm muscle and pulled them apart once again. This time I pressed my face into her opened crack, my nose just an inch or so above her most tender spot. My wet tongue jutted outward and firmly grazed her puckered hole with one quick motion. Her hips lifted slightly when I did this. Again, my hungry tongue whipped out leaving behind a trail of saliva on her little asterisk. After several more minutes of lapping and probing her derriere with my pointed tongue, I stopped and looked down to see what effect my antics were making.

There was a trail of drool that was now dripping down the seam from her butt to her oozing pussy. So, with a long languid stroke of my tongue, I gathered the drool and her excitement into my mouth with a quick slurp. As my tongue nuzzled between her wet punani, she once again moaned and lifted her hips from the pillow. With my passion at a fever pitch, I was feeling very randy and nasty. So, I went back down to her aching pussy and made my tongue delve as deep into the crevasse as I could. Her juices were very fluid and plentiful now, as was obvious when I slid my tongue back out of her, leaving a mixture of my spit and her lust onto the bottom of the pillow.

I climbed upward and onto her backside. My cock was aching so badly for release, that I could feel my heart beat deep in the thick shaft at the base of my rock hard cock. With the healthy coating of pre cum glazing the purplish head, combined with her soaking wet pussy, I eased my engorged cock into her  I slid into her slowly, inch by inch until the base of my cock was buried against her form fitting lips. With her ass perched in the air atop the pillow, I could give full long strokes as I began to saw slowly in and out of her. With each stroke, my thrusts became faster and harder. I could feel my dangling balls slap against her wet sticky lips, knowing that the thumping of them would lightly bang against her swollen clit.

I reached my hand to the back of her head, grabbed a thick lock of her hair. I didn’t pull, but grabbed and held her hair tightly in between my fingers, as my pumping action became harder and deeper. In a matter of a few more thrusts, she climaxed. Her inner walls, spasmed around my thrusting cock. I could feel her vaginal muscles grasp then release my shaft, over and over as her orgasm reached its crescendo. She came so much, that my thrust began to sound squishy as I kept pummeling her sweet hole.
Her movements gradually slowed as her release began to ebb. She looked over her shoulder at me, then she smiled and told me to get up. As she obeyed my request earlier without question, I did so in return to her, and got up and stood at the end of the bed.

She ask me to please pass the pillow to her after she too got up from the bed. After she grabbed the pillow from me, She placed it at the side of the bed, then told me to lie down on it, butt side down. I eagerly did as she asked and within a minute, I was lying face up on the bed, with my crotch perched on top of the thick pillow. I can’t remember feeling quite so open and exposed as I was at this moment. My hips were up above the rest of my body, my straining cock pointing to the ceiling, and my balls resting against the corduroy material of the pillow.

She knelt before my awkward, but comfortable pose. She began licking just under my aching balls. Her expert tongue glazing them with her saliva. She would suck one testicle, then the other into her hot mouth. She would lightly tug on them with her closed mouth as her tongue bathed them. My heart raced faster, my mind nothing more than a whirl of nasty thoughts as my lust had reached an all time new height. Her right hand grasped the base of my throbbing cock, and she began pumping her hand up and down as she continued her oral torment on my heavy balls. When she snaked her tongue below my balls and into the tight crack of my ass cheeks, I groaned loudly that I was going to cum. Her hand jacked my cock fast and firm when I had told her of my imminent climax. At the precise moment that my cock was ready to explode, she pressed her pointed tongue deep between my crack until it pressed firmly against my tight asshole, and began wiggling it over and over. 

My seed leapt from the tip of my cock as her hand kept a tight grasp and fast pumping motion. She felt the small contraction of my pucker hole as my cum shot rhythmically  from my pulsating shaft. She quickly arose in between my second and third spurt, and covered the tip of my convulsing cock head to receive the last four squirts of my lust into her mouth. The feeling of her hot mouth engulfing my cock as it strained with each remaining spurt was incredible.

We had both managed to quell each others thirst for the time being.