 Everything is this story is fictional. Any resemblances or similarities are coincidental. Every character is above the age of 18. This chapter is all oral so if you're not as orally fixated as some people (me) then you might look elsewhere. More fucking and fun to come in the future (I'll hold back on the pun). 

Side note: Please don't hate me for leaving things on a cliffhanger. Life has been insanely chaotic: Graduation, moved states, changed jobs three times, moved six times. However, I love Tessa and Darrien and won't leave Jolie alone. 

Now back to the story!

*****

Tessa woke up lying on a couch. Her head rested on a thigh that ended in a very expensive pair of leather shoes. She didn't know whether to move off the man's leg or stay where she lay. A warm green blanket covered most of her body and she no longer felt like she was floating so logic led her to believe that she'd been brought off the plane. Warm fingers sifted through her hair in a soothing manner. Tessa relaxed into the fingers and took stock of the aches in her body. Everything seemed the same as it had been, maybe toned down a bit so she didn't worry over Marco, the Hispanic man who'd drugged her, having done anything. As she sighed and nuzzled against the thigh she realized this could very well be Marco petting her. Tessa jolted upright only to come eye to eye with Darrien who looked mildly surprised. Very mild, his eyebrows had only twitched a bit. After the relief she felt there was a small annoyance that he'd gone back to his blank expression. Then she remembered that this man had very thoroughly fucked her, in a plane to boot. That brought a quick blaze of heat rushing through her, sadly less in her pussy and more in her face. His fingers tightened in her hair and her breath caught just a bit. He tilted her head back and the heat in his eyes came back just enough to change the direction of her blood rush south.

"Good morning, Tessa."

"Good morning, sir," Tessa whispered the words and hoped her breath wasn't bad. Stupid thought to have when staring straight into a man's eyes but she couldn't seem to help herself. "May I clean up, sir?"

"After," his lips stretched into a grin. Tessa was tempted to lick those lips again. They'd been soft, warm, and firm. She wasn't sure that was even possible but he certainly felt marvelous. Then her brain caught up.

"After," she asked then remembered, "sir?"

"I was hoping we'd work on that special skill you showed first."

"Yes, sir," Tessa caught her breath and felt Darrien lowering her head back towards his lap. She rearranged her legs underneath her. She reached towards his zipper but stopped when he tightened his fingers in her hair.

"Mouth only, Tessa."

She felt a little tingle through her limbs and replaced her hands on the cushion below his thigh. Focusing on the zipper she nudged the flap of fabric aside and found the tag with her teeth. This would be fun. She tugged and out came his cock. Smart man had planned ahead with no underwear. She licked up the bottom like she would a dripping popsicle. His breath hissed out and she felt him jolt against her tongue. A thrill zinged up her spine that she could do this to a man. All those lessons back at the business had paid off. The classes on how to please your owner had always been her favorite part. She wasn't technically supposed to have taken the classes but Eric and Garrett had wanted to make sure she didn't sleep around with the staff so they'd had her stay with the other products as much as possible. The most fun had been all the things they'd let them try sucking off: fruit, popsicles, dildos, each other's fingers. Tessa enjoyed them. 

She swirled her tongue around the head of his cock, bringing her back into the room with Darrien mentally. Her lips popped over the head and she sucked just a little to feel him buck into her. Glancing out of the corner of her eye she swallowed as much as she could. His head had fallen back against the couch, adams' apple bobbing. She swiveled her head as she pumped her lips around his cock, her tongue and the top her mouth providing contrasting sensation. She pulled off of him and leaned down to nuzzle against his balls. The other girls at the business told her not to forget the balls. It'd be like forgetting the clit when giving female oral, just wrong. Her tongue stroked against his sack and she felt the hairs brush her lips. She'd never had to wonder about the hair before but by the way Darrien was tightening and loosening his fingers in her hair she knew she must be doing something right. She fished them out of his pants with her tongue and sucked a ball into her mouth.

"Shite," Darrien hissed and his head snapped forward. She made eye contact as she let the ball pop free of her mouth. Her hips wriggled a bit out of happiness before she resumed sucking on his other ball. She closed her eyes and felt with her mouth the heat radiating off of him. She let go and licked up his shaft before finding the slit with her tongue. She gently lapped at the liquid there then circled her tongue around the head. Finding the large vein she traced it before kissing against the nest of coarse black hair at the base of his cock. She kissed wet and sloppy up and down before sliding him back into her mouth. Her head bobbing as his resumed pressure from his fingers on her scalp. The head scraped against the back of her throat and she forced herself to swallow and started humming, knowing he loved the vibrations. His hand slid around her neck and she knew he could feel her throat moving and vibrating with him inside. Darrien's breath came short and his other hand lifted the hair that had fallen over her face, letting him see his cock stretching her lips. Tessa knew her cheeks were sunken in and saliva coated her lips. With her eyes open and she had trouble focusing through her arousal and the haze of pressure. She was moving along his length in order to let air in through her nose. Nothing could stock the noises from escaping her and heat filled her face more at the embarrassing sounds than the act of sucking him off. He must've enjoyed the noises as well because his hips bucked and he lifted her off his cock before sliding himself back in as far as he could. He held her there and the lack of oxygen started to make her head fuzzy but she knew he was close.

"Tessa," her name a growl from inside him, he tensed and thick ropes of cum shot down her throat. She remembered to swallow through the haze and the movement milked him. Tears leaked down her face and he pulled out of her. Saliva and cum stringing between them, she gasped for air and let her body relax back into the couch with her head resting on his thigh again. His now sated cock right before her nose, the smell of sex and semen filling her head. "Good girl, Tessa."

Once the air was back in her lungs and her head started to clear some she licked up the mess around her lips and nuzzled into his thigh. Her hands came to rest atop his leg and she kneaded him like a happy cat. Her whole body tensing and releasing as the tension left her. His hands set himself to rights before returning to pet her. This feeling of satisfaction was very different from the sex before. She had pleased him and that was better than anything in her world. The sex was a claiming and the oral was a treat. Her mind whirled from all that had happened so quickly. Being his was so new it was disorienting but she must be doing something right. The small doubt of being returned was at the back of her head. She tried to silence it but all she could hear was Marissa's voice telling her she'd be returned. The pleasure she gave Darrien took on a harder edge. If she pleased him then he'd keep her. She was practically purring in his lap. No way could he take that badly. She forced her body to relax again from the small tensing those thoughts had caused in her. Tessa felt the large sigh Darrien released and she looked up at him with small amount of worry but she couldn't seem to speak her concerns.

"Good girl, Tessa. You're learning very well. You may go clean up now." He released her and took up a file folder that she now noticed had laid on the couch. Her heart clenched a little to hear herself praised then dismissed. He said she was doing well so she pushed aside her worries and tried to climb gracefully from the couch. Tessa's legs wobbled a bit and she felt Darrien steady her with a hand on her waist. The blanket she'd had on was now on the couch. The rush of air conditioning hitting her flushed skin. Darrien's hand burned through her skin, she thought of better uses for those hands. Tessa looked about her for a bathroom and spotted a small tiled room in the corner. She refreshed herself. Hair; check, teeth; check, face; check, toilet; check! Now that she was clean and moderately presentable she wondered how Jolie was faring. Jolie was strong and smart and gorgeous as sin embodied. Tessa knew she'd be fine no matter what came Jolie's way. Now she was a little hesitant about her future. She recalled the classes that told her of all the ways she would be serving her future owner. She just couldn't seem to reconcile it with her life now. First, she'd have to brave the room again. She'd already done a lot for Darrien and he didn't seem to enjoy causing her pain so she felt a measure of confidence. Tessa walked back into the room and knelt as his feet. It felt presumptuous to sit beside him on the couch. She looked up at him expectantly. He continued reading but one of his hands left the file to sift through her hair. Tessa relaxed into the touch and leaned up against his leg. The heat of him pushing back the cold air that had chilled her from before. Time passed as he read the file and petted her. Lulled into comfort she jumped when someone knocked on the door. "Enter."

"Darrien, the meeting will start soon." This was the blonde from before. His eyes flicked down to her with scorn. He had spoken against her purchase. Tessa kept her face clear of any feeling.

"I'll be there soon, Max. Let The Boss know I'm on my way." Darrien set aside the file and stood, his fingers running through my hair. 

"Just come now, Darrien. You've already been granted your reward. I'm not sure he'll be happy to find you distracted so soon," Max's voice conveying his disgust.

"I'll be there." Darrien's voice allowed for no further argument. He turned from Max and signaled for me to rise. I heard the door close behind Max but only saw Darrien. I was being forward by looking into his eyes but couldn't seem to help myself. Those dark eyes were so deep. My flowery thoughts reminded me of all the romance novels the products had read back at the business. I always use to laugh at the descriptions; eyes of Cyprian, deep pools of violet, clear eyes reticent of marbles. Apparently my brain had no problem likening Darrien to a romance hero. Silly and idiotic since he was my owner not my lover. His looks were certainly scratching my itch but not generally considered handsome by the product's standards. He was my height; 5'9" and his hair was beautifully dark but cut too short by other standards and most of the women had tended towards tan or darkened men with light eyes. Darrien had dark eyes and light skin. His expressionless face and scary demeanor towards others would not let others feel at ease. Why then did he make me clench my pussy with just a lift of his eyebrow? I was weak. 

"Yes, sir?" I asked since aside from the lifted eyebrow he hadn't moved an inch. Maybe he could guess my thoughts and this was his way of showing humor. His eyes had crinkled just at the edges as well.

"I have a meeting. You will rest here. If you wish for a shower you know where the water closet rests," He leaned forward and I closed my eyes and tilted for the kiss I felt coming. His lips slid against my lips, tongue licking into my mouth. Darrien licked against my teeth before sliding his tongue along mine. I sighed and leaned into him. His hands finding my hips and my fingers feathering through his hair, "Delicious," he murmured into me. I hummed in happiness until he pulled back.

"Don't leave the room, Tessa."

"Yes, sir," We released each other and I watched him pick up the folder and leave without a look back. Now what? Shower.

To be continued...