 Thank you again to everyone who reads and supports Tessa and Darrien and Jolie and Terry. I'm happy to have people enjoying my stories so feel free to leave comments or ideas. So, here we go, I'm hoping now that life has settled a bit and everything feels less crazy that maybe I can get some more of this story down on (digital) paper. 

Disclaimer: Everyone in this story is 18 years or older. I estimate most of my characters between the age of 22 and 42. Please note that my story tends to have non-con, violence, abuse, and a few other unsavory things in it. I do not in any way condone that behavior and I would hope we could all work to make sure the world is a better place without those things. However, life is messy and that stuff makes for a damn good story. Tessa and Jolie's world is based around them being considered Products not people and being sold to Darrien and the others. That is commonplace in their world. Keep that in mind and enjoy the story. 

Love you all and enjoy!

*****

Tessa leaned her forehead against the shower tile wall. The cool, rough, little squares of tile felt great against her overheated skin. Steaming hot water cascaded down her back and she felt every muscle slowly relax. Tension washed away down the drain and Tessa breathed deeply in the steam. So much had happened and so quickly that she was finally getting the chance to play catch up. Every moment of the last few days had run through her head and she realized that this was all real. Tessa was really a Product and not just a Tester. She had an owner and one that showed her care and interest in a way that no one else ever had. It was surreal. Tessa looked through the shower door at her green silk dress. She'd folded it lovingly and left it lying on the counter. It was real, thus this was real. Her fingers fidgeted with the dee of her green and black leather collar. It had been specially treated to be waterproof and was unable to be opened by anyone except her owner. She idly wondered where the key to the lock was and if Darrien would ever consider unlocking it. Right now the collar was a sign of ownership. Green and black seemed to be the colors he chose to represent himself. Tessa felt silly for being so happy about wearing his colors, wearing something that showed she was his. 

Her thoughts broke at the sound of the door opening. She watched Darrien enter the bathroom from the corner of her eye. He didn't make eye contact, instead he undressed quickly and cleanly. It was strange that this was the first time she was seeing him naked.

She sputtered when she stepped back into the stream of water unconsciously. Tessa ignored her stupid actions in favor of watching a completely nude Darrien step into the shower with her. Every brain cell turned off. Her eyes took catalogue of him. He was strength embodied. She had seen truly strong men before at the Business. Darrien had the same physique; thick thighs, veined and muscled arms, a strong, solid core. He didn't have a six pack but instead his muscles were cut and delineated to show that he could probably pick up Tessa easily. That was a feat she hadn't ever seen happen. Tessa was not small or dainty. She was taller than a lot of men at 5'9" and she outweighed most women at 200 lbs. Despite her size Darrien made her feel delicate. He was actually almost half an inch shorter than her without his shoes. She stocked away that knowledge along with the fact that his skin was pale and unblemished everywhere and he certainly didn't dye his hair black. Tessa couldn't tear her eyes away from the part of him that had been inside her not that long ago. He was already hard and his erection held high and slightly curved upwards. It still looked much too large to fit inside her. She clenched her pussy tight on that thought. 

"Enjoying yourself?" Darrien's voice was a shock to her system. Tessa's eyes jerked up 

to meet his.

She nodded, too embarrassed to speak but still honest enough to reply.

"Good," his face was serious in spite of the self-satisfied tone of voice. He moved further into her space, pushing her back into the flow of water until they stood less than a centimeter apart. The heat of him and the shower spray was overheating her and she stumbled back into the shower tiles. Tessa gaped up at Darrien's face. He was grinning down at her with a mischievous look in his eye. It was such a break from his normal blank face that she felt shaken. Her heart throbbed painfully and she gripped her fists to her chest, drawing his eyes down to her breasts. His grin died down to a sly twist of the lips but the mischievous glimmer remained. Darrien's hands reached out for her hips. Fingers gripping painfully he pulled her flush to him. Tessa's mind whirled at the feel of him against her, skin to skin. He leaned down and bit gently on the ring attached to her collar and pulled at it playfully. She watched him in stupefaction. Everything he did just made her hotter and wetter.

"Do you like it," he asked around the metal ring between his teeth.

"It?" her brain struggled to understand; it meaning sex with him, it meaning his cock which even now pressed against her, it meaning the feel of him against her in the 

shower?

"Your collar," he released the metal ring to lick a line up her neck.

"Yes, Sir," she shivered against him. She loved the collar; loved the feel of the leather pressing on her skin, loved that she was reminded by it with the smooth metal ring bumping against her skin, loved that the collar was a gift from him and a sign of ownership.

"It makes you happy to have something that says you're mine?"

"Yes," she hissed out the word when he took her earlobe between his teeth and tugged.

"Yes?" he asked.

"Yes, Sir." This time Tessa's words were more moan than anything. Through the haze of her mind she realized they had never actually used the collar for its intended purpose. She felt a frisson of pleasure at the thought of all the ways Darrien could use the collar on her.

Abruptly, Darrien pulled back from Tessa and swung her around to push her into the tile wall. She yelped at the cold tile against her steaming skin then groaned when Darrien ground into her from behind. His cock fit perfectly in between the globes of her ass. The water provided a slick surface and the skin caught just the right amount of friction to produce even more heat. His face was buried in the channel between her shoulder blades. Tessa squirmed when she felt his tongue slide up to her neck. He pressed her flat to the wall with a large palm on the small of her back. His other hand gathered up the mass of her sodden hair and pulled it to drape down her breasts. Tessa felt so open to him in that moment. She'd bared her breasts and cunt to him and felt safer than she had pressed to the tile with her back free to him. She shivered and hid her face in her arms where she had them braced to the side of her head.

"Soft," Darrien's word was hushed. Tessa thought he may not have meant to speak aloud.

She had relaxed into that word when he slid thighs wide. Tessa jolted and steadied her feet. His knees pressed her wide. Darrien's palm slid from her back to her front. His hand pushed into her soft skin and tapped on a part of her that she thought was hidden deep inside. She gasped and went easily along with him when he pulled her ass out and slid her further down the shower wall.

"Is that the spot?" he asked with kneading fingers.

Tessa nodded, he was rubbing her g-spot from just below her belly button. The sensation was so strange. Tessa had never heard of a woman feeling it from a man rubbing her belly. This was completely unknown to her but she felt little jolts of pleasure that made her embrace this new reality wholeheartedly.

"You're so sensitive."

Darrien caressed her back with the hand that been holding her hair. He pulled apart the cheeks of her ass just to make her squeak before spanking her hard. Tessa made a noise that was both yelp and moan. She hoped she never made that sound ever again. Everything Darrien did put her into new territory.

"Put your hands flat on the tile," he ordered. Tessa obeyed. "Good girl, Tessa."

Her heart warmed with happiness. Then that heat traveled south to warm up her pussy when his free hand slid along her slit. She hadn't realized just how wet she was. She was drenched from the shower with water but her pussy wasn't soaked with water alone. Darrien's other hand continued to massage her g-spot through her skin. His fingers pressed and slid and rubbed her just right. His right arm wrapped her hip giving her stability in the shower and against his ministrations. His left hand palmed her pussy before circled her entrance with slow fingers. She felt a thick digit slide inside her. Tessa's cunt clenched tight on him and she felt a slight burn of lingering pain from the past use. Darrien's hands were gentle on her and Tessa relaxed into him again. She knew whatever he did to her would be beyond her imagination. Being wanted like this was giving her confidence. Another finger worked to spread her wider. He slowly pumped in and out of her and Tessa gave into the feelings he was building. He rubbed and stroked inside and out before adding a third finger. The pulse of pain returned. Then he crooked his fingers and rubbed her g-spot from the inside as well as out and Tessa gave up her brain entirely. Vaguely, through a mist she could hear panting and small moans that must've been coming from her. Her legs shook and her hearing tunneled from a long way away. Tessa struggled to keep her eyes open and focused. She ached and throbbed around him and she wanted so badly to cum from those feelings alone but she needed something more.

"Please," her word a guttural plea.

"Yes," he asked patiently.

"Please, I need more, please," she ground her forehead into the tiles in frustration, 

"Please, Darrien."

"What do you need?"

Tessa gulped into a breath full of steamy air but couldn't get the words past her tongue.

"What do you want me to do, Tessa?" His fingers had slowed and his touch had become 

softer. It was so much worse when he was gentle, she wanted it even more. Everything inside her craved for him to replace his fingers with his cock, she could see it in her mind. Darrien fucking her hard into the tile with water running over them both. Darrien pushing into her from behind. Darrien pounding her until she came screaming around him. She wanted everything he could give her and more. Tessa felt greedy and needy and hot and getting closed to pissed off.

"What should I do?" he asked again in a calm voice that pushed her over the edge.

"Fuck me," her words a demanding snap that caused her skin to shiver.

His fingers stopped. Tessa moaned in loss and started thrusting back onto his fingers herself.

"Fuck me," she ordered him then froze. She'd ordered her owner, not once but twice. She hadn't asked subserviently like the Product were supposed to. No, Tessa had outright ordered him to fuck her. Her heart lurched in panic. What if he returns me? Tessa's mind was trying to catch up with her body and vice versa. Meanwhile, Darrien hadn't moved or said anything and time was moving strangely for Tessa. She peeked over her shoulder. Darrien was staring down at her with heat in his eyes. His face was filled with a strange expectant attention that released all the tensions and worries in Tessa's body. 

"Please, Sir." She tried again.

Darrien removed his hands after a swift rub that had her legs jolting. Then he lined up and slid in slowly all the while holding her open to him. His fingers spread her wide open to his rapt gaze.

"Oh God," Tessa moaned into the wall. She squeezed her eyes shut on the sight of his face entranced with sliding into her.

"You can call me that too," and on that joke he fully seated his cock into her grasping cunt.

Funny bastard, Tessa mused for a few seconds. Then Darrien was fucking her into the wall and she gave up thought to him once again. She didn't realize that she was becoming addicted to having her brain white out with pleasure. Darrien, himself, wasn't too far behind her. Tessa moaned and focused on keeping upright. Her palms slid against the small, tiles of the shower stall. Every scrape was echoed with the friction Darrien caused. The wet slapping sounds of their movements echoed nastily. Tessa's fingers twitched with the need to touch her clit. She wanted to cum on his cock but she needed just that small bit of help. It was cruel to demand her hands stay flat to the wall. Bent over as she was she couldn't grind herself against him. Instead, everything was just barely off from alignment. Somehow, Darrien knew this and he did something Tessa hadn't thought of before.

Darrien reached for the shower head and removed it from its holder. Her eyes registered that it had a hose attached to it allowing it to be moved but her brain hadn't caught up. Sadly, her brain wouldn't catch up. He flipped a nozzle on the head, focusing the spray into a beam that he pointed directly onto her clit. Tessa's mouth opened but no sound came out. Her legs gave out in pleasure/pain. Darrien caught her and forced her chest flat to the shower wall. Fingers scrabbled for purchase on the tiles, Tessa whimpered and came harder than before. Every muscle clenched so tight that Darrien froze with a hiss barely heard over the water spray. He groaned gutterly then came deep inside her. His fingers slipped on the nozzle. She heard the sound of the shower head knocking against the wall from far past her ears. All she noticed now was the lovely waves of shocks echoing through her. She leaned back into his hold. Darrien's hands came up around her to hold her tight to him. Tessa's hands hung limp at her sides. Satiated she let her head loll on his shoulder. Her nose was buried in that spot behind his ear. She breathed in his scent and enjoyed being sated. Worries tried to nip at her mind but she easily brushed them off.

"Tessa," Darrien said the word like it was a wonder.

"Mmm," she failed to respond with her lips pressed to his neck.

He took her with him as he turned off the shower, leaving the head where it lay. Then he gathered her up in his arms like a child. She brought her weak arms up around his neck. She wanted to be lighter and lithe right then but couldn't work up the energy to feel insecure. Instead, Tessa tried to lessen his burden. Her head resting on his shoulder she watched through drowsy eyes as he walked her out to his bedroom and gently stood her up to dry her off. He leaned her up against the bed post. His hands were gentle and swift with the towel on her skin. She must've dozed off a bit because they were both dry and she was lying in the bed when she next opened her eyes. Darrien toyed with the metal loop on her collar before leaning down to nip her nose. Tessa opened her arms to him in a silent invitation to join her on the bed. Instead, his lips twisted ruefully. She felt her brows furrowing in confusion. He leant over and kissed her roughly.

"Go to sleep, Tessa. I'll be back later tonight," he paused then added, "Work."

Tessa made a grumpy noise before scrunching up her nose at that.

"I know." He smiled very slightly.

Tessa smiled back and relaxed back into the bed. She heard the sounds of him dressing and leaving the room but was unable to work up the energy to go after him. Tessa fell into a deep sleep, fully sated from Darrien and happier than she could remember.

To be continued...