 So you all must hate me horribly by now since it seems I get distracted easily! But fear not! Jolie and Tessa will have much more fun and we get a brand new girl to play with in the future too! So welcome to the new chapter. This one continues Jolie's story where she gets to really meet Terry. But before all the fun we must have our disclaimer...

All characters are fictional as are the scenes and actions. They have no bearing on reality and are not based on anyone/anything remotely historical or accurate. Any similarities are pure coincidental. Please keep in mind that my stories tend to have a rougher side and are based in a world where women are bought and sold as a common practice (albeit an expensive one). This is not an endorsement in any way for such activities. Sex trafficking is a very real, very scary thing. If you have the time, please help to battle such things. This story is more to hit a kink/fetish than anything. So enjoy and keep safe!

*****

Terry watched Jolie. His eyes unwavering in their focus, he took in all of her while relaxing into his chair. His office was understated opulence and reflected him perfectly. Jolie's eyes flicked nervously around but kept finding their way back to him. Jamal and Marcus made her anxious with their attentions. The sexual overtones just made their actions worse. Terry, though, exuded seduction through eye contact alone. Jolie couldn't seem to find a way to hate his focus. Instead her thighs twitched and she stilled herself from rubbing her wetness on his desk. It was humiliating that this was what she considered erotic now. Dancing used to be her highest form of eroticism and after everything with Jamal and Marcus it felt like those acts should be sexy but instead they just made her wish she could rub her skin off. The silence weighed heavily in the office air.

Jolie's body felt electrified despite the low aching numbness of her new nipple piercings. She found herself twitching under his gaze again and again and it was slowly driving her insane. Would Terry be a better master? He's the Boss, he gave the go ahead for his men to purchase her and Tessa in the first place. The thought wasn't comforting. Jolie wanted for so long to be bought and she had been ecstatic that she even got to go to the same place as Tessa. To not be alone is some way, but since leaving the Business she hadn't seen Tessa once. It was so much worse to know who Tessa was with but to not know where she was or even how she was doing. Jolie's heart ached and she finally stilled in her sadness. 

"What's wrong, lovely?" Terry asked quietly from where he'd leaned forward between her legs.

"Uh," Jolie's brain shorted out when she took him in from so close.

Terry's smile was more grimace than anything but his eye's still showed a hint of concern.

"Nothing, master," she rushed to say, "I mean, nothing is wrong, Master."

"Something seems to be wrong. It's the ultimate sadness for someone as breathtaking as you to be upset for any reason." The ring of honesty in his words had Jolie's throat heating from unshed tears. She looked down at where his hands rested on her things. The warm glow of his skin against her darker legs was distracting. He rubbed his palms gently against her as if he knew how much she wanted his touch. This ache for him was scary. She had just left the harsh hands of two men who cared nothing for her happiness. Jolie squelched the hope that he would be any different. If he's their boss then the only true answer was that he must be worse. 

"What's wrong, lovely?" He asked again with only patience in his voice.

"I'm worried," Jolie started to say.

"Worried?"

"About Tessa, she's my friend and I haven't seen her since-," Jolie stopped again, her words trailed off quietly.

"Tessa is in good hands. Darrien doesn't hurt those that are his." 

His words eased some of her worry. Terry flashed his teeth in a grimace smile that let Jolie know that she was not great at hiding her true feelings.

"Speaking of good hands, how do you feeling being in mine?"

Jolie's body tensed in a shiver and parts of her squeezed in pleasure that she hadn't expected. Terry's fingers gripped harder into her thighs without pain and that show of strength left Jolie dizzy.

"Good, Master." Jolie answered, her voice reacting before her brain.

"Good, you may call me Terry or Boss if you wish. Being called Master is a lofty title."

"Terry," Jolie tested out the sounds against her teeth, "Boss."

"Should I call you Lovely?" Terry asked. His hands played with the thin edge of her silk covering.

"My name is Jolie." Her voice was so quiet and she wondered what happened to being brave and strong like she was at the Business.

"Jolie is lovely name." Terry teased with his words while his fingers tugged at the silk wrapped around her. She winced at the drag of fabric across her sensitive nipples. A small dot of blood grew over her left nipple. Terry frowned at the wince and his face blanked as he spotted the blood. "What is this?"

"They pierced me." She was inordinately glad he couldn't see beneath the cloth to notice that she was covered in bruises and bite marks as well.

"When?" The lack of emotion in his voice made him so much scarier than Marco. He was terrifying in his capabilities but it gave Jolie a sense of safety so at odds with how she should've felt. She already felt herself trusting him.

"This morning," Jolie guessed. Her mind was still a bit fuzzy on when but she vaguely recalled it being either late in the night or early in the morning.

"Did they bandage you or give you medicine?" Terry started to untie one of the laces on her side but stopped after a moment. Almost as if he knew that she wouldn't want to be naked so soon after and in front of someone new. It was a small kindness that made her hope for more. Jolie shook her head. Terry sighed and opened a desk drawer. He dug around for a bit before pulling out a bottle of medicine. Jolie watched in fascination as he got her a bottle of water from a small hidden fridge and shook out a few pills for her. She popped the pills back at his insistence. "I know another way to make you feel better."

Jolie tilted her head in confusion and looked at him for a bit then ventured, "How?"

Terry bared his teeth in that strange not grin before wagging his tongue at her obscenely. Jolie felt her face flush and she gripped her hands tightly to fight the urge to cover her heated cheeks. Her hips wriggled against the desk.

"Yes?" he asked kindly. His hands caressed her thighs again while applying the barest pressure for her to spread.

Jolie nodded and pushed her long legs wide around where he sat. Terry rolled forward in his desk chair in boyish excitement. He helped her place her bare feet on the arm rest. Her limbs felt heavy and hot and Jolie leant back on her palms to watch Terry. She'd never had oral from a man before. There was one time in a class back at the Business but it hadn't been great for Jolie. Something about having a man be the one giving was making it all so much better for Jolie. She watched his red hair fall into his face. The contrast of such a strange, deep red against their skin was pleasing. It had always seemed that the women with unique coloring we're of higher value in the Business. She had never felt unique or exotic in any way despite reassurance from Tessa who must've felt much the same way. Jolie snapped back to focus and forgot all about Tessa when Terry lightly sucked at the juncture of her thigh. 

Such a sensitive place that was almost never truly touched. She held her breath and shivered in the excitement of what was to come. Her blood thundered in her ears and she felt it rushing through her veins. Terry released her with a slight scrape of his teeth. His eyes flashed to hers and her legs fell open wider against her will. Terry chuckled and went back to slowly leaving hickeys all around her pussy without touching it. Every sound of his mouth on her made her throb. Every scrape of his teeth made her only wetter. It felt like forever before she felt his breath brush across the folds of her cunt. So wrong and so good, she wanted him. She wanted his tongue on her, his lips kissing, his mouth making love to a place that men usually only thought of as a hole. Jolie had never wanted anything as much as she wanted Terry to finally touch her right then.

"Please," the words a breathless moan she couldn't stop. She wanted to cry from her desire. He had to know what he was doing to her. He must've because he chuckled and leant back in his chair. Jolie felt an abrupt rush of anger. She growled and slammed her thighs closed in front of his face. Her feet crossed in front of her sopping wet cunt. Stupid, mean bastard, she thought. Terry laughed again as though he knew what she was thinking and she dropped her face down into her knees.

"You are so trusting," Terry's voice gave her shivers of pleasure that pissed her off further. "Do you not want more?"

She peeked up at him from where she sat curled up on his desk. His frame lay out relaxed in the chair but his bulge spoke differently. The fact that she could see it straining the fabric of his pants was erotic. He caught her peeking and that not grin came out again. His attempt at smiling had started to look kind of cute to her.

"You know I want more," Her words whispered with vehemence.

"Then open up for me, Lovely," his hands gestured for her to open.

Jolie made a small noise of unhappiness before slowly unfolding her legs and sliding her feet back down to the arm rests. The cold air hit the wetness of her almost painfully but she toughed it out.

"Good job," his eyes held approval while he ran his hands up her legs from the ankles to the crease of her thighs. He circled his palms around to the outside of her legs before pulling her towards him. A small noise escaped her at the abruptness but he hadn't seemed to notice so she relaxed. He stared at her so intently now. Jolie couldn't handle seeing him gaze at her. She instead stared up at the ceiling which may have been a bad decision because when he decided to attack her cunt with his mouth she hadn't expected it at all. He went at her with abandon and all Jolie could do was collapse onto the desk and cover her eyes and bite her knuckles to hold in the moans. His fingers held her wide open for his assault. Terry's tongue flicked and sucked on her clit and his thumbs took turns sliding inside before rubbing hot circles. Everything felt like too much all at once and the noises were the hardest to handle. He hummed and groaned against her in pure contentment. 

Wet sounds echoed hotly around the room and Jolie felt like she was hearing the dirtiest porno playing. The soundtrack of sex she heard was amping her tension up to insane levels. Her thighs twitch on his shoulders now and she felt her feet digging into his back. Jolie's back arched off the desk and she came when Terry thrust his tongue into her and rubbed her clit in hard circles at the same time. Everything grayed out. Her hearing faded and Jolie gripped onto the desk tightly to keep from shaking too hard. This was the best feeling she'd ever had in her entire life. Terry kept the waves of pleasure throbbing through her by gently rubbing her clit. He sucked up her juices and Jolie couldn't find the energy to be worried about how dirty that was both in a hot and gross way. Instead it just made her shudder in pleasure. She could hear herself moaning his name again and again in a litany of happiness. Terry slowed his fingers on her and gave her a small kiss on her clit that caused her breath to hitch.

"You did beautifully, so gorgeous," his voice was low and satisfied. Every muscle in Jolie's body relaxed and she finally noticed that her head was almost hanging off the desk. She rolled as much to the side as she could. Terry seemed to notice her need and slid her easily onto his lap. The pressure of his hard-on against her over-sensitized cunt was too much. She moaned and lifted off him just enough before collapsing to his chest. Her nipples to either side of his chin and her legs quivering on his, Jolie pressed her lips to the top of his head let her hands play through his hair. He didn't mind much that she was plastered to him. She knew somewhere deep inside that this wasn't how she was supposed to behave. She should have ignored her need, should have kept her legs spread for him from the beginning, should have begged him to cum instead of enjoying her pleasure alone. 

Jolie couldn't get two synapses in her brain to fire properly for all those thoughts to connect. Instead she just felt everything. She didn't feel shame at her actions until Terry pulled her back at the waist and she realized all she'd done. She had failed at giving pleasure, she was a failure at the only thing she was supposed to be good at. Maybe that was why Marcus and Jamal had treated her that way. Maybe that was why they had wanted to put her to work in their Business instead of keeping her for themselves. Jolie hadn't thought until that moment that maybe she wasn't good for much of anything. Even Terry who she had just met had given her the smallest amount of kindness and a lot of pleasure and instead of returning the favor she'd let go of her mind completely. Her thoughts lashed her and tears burned up behind her eyes. Jolie attempted to get off his lap without looking him in the eye. 

"I'm so sorry, I'll do better next time, I swear. I'm sorry," She mumbled her apologies through a tear choked throat. The emotions quickly got the better of her. She hadn't felt bad when Marcus and Jamal used her for their pleasure. It confused her further that she reacted so badly to Terry giving her sexual release. Already she felt like the actions of the past few days were changing what she thought was supposed to happen to her sexually.

"Lovely, look at me." He gripped her tightly at her waist, his hands strong enough to stop her from moving off his lap. Jolie braved a look at his face and all she could see was confusion and concern.

"I didn't mean to let go. It just felt so good and I know I should be making you happy not the other way around. I'm really sorry. I swear I'll do better. I can practice." Her words came out fast and jumbled. She felt like that was the wrong thing to say because it just caused him to look both confused and amused.

"You're sorry?" Terry asked.

Jolie nodded and tried to pull the silk covering back down over her betraying cunt. 

"But it 'just felt so good'?" he said.

"It felt amazing," her voice came out breathless and excited in a way that had her remembering how she'd not been able to stop saying his name.

"Then I'm not seeing what's so wrong here," He stroked his hands down beneath her ass and back up again so softly that she felt it even more strongly than if he'd grabbed her.

"But I'm supposed to make you feel good not the other way around," Jolie pointed out in that same voice as before.

"I wanted to make you feel good. That was the whole point and if you couldn't tell it felt damn good to me too," at this Terry lifted his hips so his pant covered erection would rub against her. 

Jolie moaned and squirmed in his grasp. The sensation bringing back the buzzing in her ears and she felt lightheaded from the bolt of pleasure.

"I just moved you back a bit because, while you're tits are magnificent, I didn't want to be suffocated by them. Well, not entirely," Terry flashed his teeth in that smile again.

"Oh," Jolie swallowed back a smile but must not have done so well hiding it because Terry's grin gained a few more teeth in appreciation. So she hadn't done so badly and if being made to cum like that by Terry made him happy then maybe her hopes weren't entirely unfounded. She gave up hiding her feelings and smiled back at him happily.

To be continued...