 Disclaimer: This world is based around criminal activity that includes murder, drugs, theft, and selling of people. I do not condone any of these activities and actually feel very strongly AGAINST all of them. Also, every character in this story is fictitious; any and all similarities are purely coincidental. Each and every character is above the age of 18. Make sure to play safe and practice safe sex. Always get consent!

Marissa slowly came awake in a strange place. Not a particularly new thing to happen to her but it had been a few years since she'd last woken up in a strange place drugged. Drugs were not a thing she enjoyed, a standard part of the business, yes, but not something she wanted to do. She'd seen the girls who got addicted. Strung out and blissed out of their mind as they were used again and again, it was her worst nightmare. At that point she'd rather be a pretty corpse. 

Hopefully, whatever the small blond fucker had given her wasn't an addictive substance. It had been far too potent a dose for her tiny athletic body regardless. Especially, since she stayed as healthy as she could she tended to process any outside influences faster than a person could say motherfucker.

"Those shits drugged and dumped me," she grumbled aloud, her brain was working but felt like it was floating along in the space of her skull. When she made an attempt to move into a sitting position the nausea hit her full force. With a groan she slowly folded over and held her head together. A deep breath in through her nose and a slow breath out between her lips over and over again until the nausea settled back into a dull ache in her stomach.

When some of the cloudiness clears she reaches under the dress to her cunt. Her finger test lets her know that they didn't fuck her while she was drugged; a pleasant surprise to say the least. The dried cum on her black dress, though, that lets her know the biggest guy probably finished out his fun with her despite her unconscious state. That makes a lot more sense to her. Marissa makes a disgusted noise and looks around for a bathroom or clothes, anything really that'll let her feel less like the gunk on the underside of a truck stop urinal. The sight of what looks like standard tile on the other side of the darkened room has her carefully moving along the wall towards it.

With a few curse words and a lot of unladylike grunts she got to the bathroom and cleaned up as best she could with the men's supplies inside. Obviously, she wasn't dumped into a hotel room since the stuff has been there long enough to ring dirty soap and dust rings around the items in multiple spots.

"Nasty fuckers don't know how to clean a room or treat a lady," she muttered as she rooted through a dresser she hadn't noticed earlier. With the lights still off it's hard for her to make out clearly what she's digging up. What could be a t-shirt and a pair of men's briefs later she's as clean as she's going to get and much comfier. Marissa tried the door handle but gave up when it didn't budge. She rummaged through a small nightstand and found the remotes to a giant TV which seemed to take up the only remaining space in the nearly empty room aside from the bed.

"Please have cable and Netflix, Pleeeeassse for the love of all the dildos in the world," she begged as she pressed a hopefully correct sequence of buttons on the three remotes for the electrical set-up. After a few minutes of pleading and tense growls Netflix loads and she relaxes into her captivity with contentment. "Fuck yeah, I could get used to this."

Halfway through a marathon of the first season of Happy she started to get the munchies and rooted around through the room again. Her search gave her a half-eaten can of cheese potato crisps, two squashed granola bars and a most definitely expired can of cola. Inordinately proud of her ability to gather sustenance she chowed down, thanked her tiny body for its inability to eat large quantities of food and went back to enjoying the chaos and mayhem of her TV show.

She's well entrenched in the magical mayhem when the door swung open with a blast of light. The brightness from the hallway physically hurt her eyes after the darkened room and TV screen. Before she can say fuckity-fuck the door closed behind the intruder, a latch clicked loudly in the silence between action on the TV.

"Really?" the voice is sardonic as fuck and sounds vaguely familiar.

Marissa not giving a shit scooted over on the bed to make room for whoever it is and promptly turned back to her show.

"You snapped out of those drugs fairly quickly," the man said while pulling off his boots and letting them drop heavily wherever.

"Uh-huuuh, shush," she waved a hand at him absentmindedly.

"And obviously have recovered enough to be back to basic bitch," this muttered over the sound of a zipper and rustling fabric.

Marissa shushed him again without removing her eyes from the screen. A soft chuckle far too close to her ear precluded the sensation of the bed dipping beneath the man's weight. Heat pounded off him, assaulting her and giving her goosebumps all over. She wouldn't have said she was cold before but with him less than a foot away she felt like she's a melting popsicle.

"What the fuck are you watching and did I pay for it?" His chin propped on her small shoulder but he didn't put his weight behind it so she let him stay.

"First season free on Netflix, second season you paid for on Amazon," she answered blithely.

He grunted and a hot hand wrapped around her waist but otherwise he didn't move and they both watched the debauched detective debase and debilitate. The episode ended and Amazon started showing previews of other shows. She grunted unladylike. A hand reached past her and picked up the remote from her lap; knuckles brushed across sensitive skin bared by the boxers. She started and shivered but all he did was turn off the TV and toss the remote behind them.

He pushed her down swift and soft into the messy pile of bedding she'd been using as a blanket pillow. The noise it made when she fell back shocked her in the new silence of the room so Marissa didn't move when he straddled her in the darkness. 

"Have you spent all day watching TV and eating what food you could find in here?" 

"What does it look like I did all day? You shits drugged me. Least you could do was hook a girl up with some grub and Netflix."

A quiet cough of laughter was her only answer before large calloused hands slid under the large t-shirt she wore.

"Since I wined and dined myself I'm not so sure that you get to handle the merchandise," she grumbled under her breath making no move to stop him.

"Seeing as we paid for you we get to 'handle the merchandise' as much as we want."

She sucked in the bitter words she wanted to say about that when his fingers flicked over her nipples. Hot palms cupped her small tits and she shivered under his touch.

"Just the right size."

"You bet your ass they are."

She could feel the silent laughter radiating from his body to hers. Knowing that she could knock him off course with words helped her to relax a bit. It was always a bit disconcerting whenever she had to 'bed' a new person. Didn't matter that she'd been part of the Business for her whole life, she still got just a little nervous.

With the darkness of the room, though, she could barely make out his features. This was really for the best. She'd gotten to the point where looking into their face was a job requirement that she could almost phase out during.

This situation was 100% in her favor; she was relaxed from being lazy, it was too dark to see anything, and he wasn't being violent or rough in any way. Win all around!

His hands slid off her tits after a quick fondle and slid around her waist. He wasn't the big guy who'd used her to get off earlier and he didn't seem like the asshole that'd been driving the car. If she had to guess she'd say he was the little blond shit that drugged her. In spite of being a little blond shit his hands were large and he easily picked her up around the waist and lifted her up the bed. The boxers slid down until they almost bared everything. 

Marissa let him do all the work of pulling her shirt and boxers off as a small payback for the drugs. They didn't seem to deter him any since he quickly pulled off the tank and boxers he wore soon after.

"You just gonna lie there and take it like a champ?" he said with humor.

"Eh, long day wearing off new drugs. Thought I'd let you do your worst."

"You wouldn't like me at my worst."

"Oh yeah? You'll what? Hulk out and plow my pussy?"

He hummed in thought at that before laughing and flopping down on the bed beside her. She thought she was in the free and clear when he slid an arm under her and promptly rolled her on top of him.

"I did not opt in for cowgirl."

"Well lucky for you that's not what I'm planning."

She wriggled on top of him, his erection digging into the soft flesh on her belly.

"That's not what I'm feeling."

"Didn't say I wouldn't use it, just said I wasn't planning on you cowgirling."

Marissa groaned and thumped her forehead down on his shoulder. A rumble of laughter under her made her huff out a sigh into his skin.

"You're awful laughy right now. Weren't you a sullen ass earlier?"

"You want me to be a sullen ass?"

"Not really."

"Maybe we got a defective product."

"Fuck you!" she tried to get up from his chest. Anger at those words overriding most any other thought she'd had. Fucking Defective Product, my ass! 

"Whoa there, just a joke. I like 'em small and sassy."

Marissa let out a sound that could only be described as a growl.

"That's fuckin' adorable."

Feeling like the meme of an angry kitten she smacked his chest in retaliation and slumped back down on him. His arms wrapped around her waist had kept her from going far. Good news was that 'defective product' or not he was still hard as stone under her.

His knees slid up between hers and he parted her legs easily and far wider that most women would appreciate. The cold air in an otherwise molten hot area was a quelling shock.

She wiggled up on his chest, sensing where he was planning to go with all this now that she knew he wasn't going to make her ride him. His cock slipped out from under her and lined up easily with her small hole.

Deciding that she'd done her due diligence she flopped her arms out to the side and lolled her head on his shoulder.

"Fuck away," she said carelessly.

"You really are like a tiny mouthy onahole."

"Get a gag if you don't like my personality."

Humming in thought at the idea he pushed into her slowly. He let out a hiss of pleasure when he butted up against her cervix. Despite being 'used' many times as a product Marissa was still far tighter than most women. What expansion she'd built up over the years had worn away over time with Kegel exercises and a strict exercise regimen.

"Tight fit," he murmured distractedly.

Deciding not to dignify that with an answer Marissa willed her body to relax. He may have been the shortest of the three men who now owned her but he certainly didn't lack in length or girth. Even better he had a nicely muscled chest covered in soft hairs. She could feel his abdomen move with every slow intake of breath beneath her breasts. 

Marissa actually enjoyed the sensuality of sex. Not having to act a certain way or show off her skillset was a rare thing. This simple taking was almost as comforting as her nightly masturbation. She hummed in happiness and settled in for whatever he decided next.

"So all it takes to chill you out is to put a dick in you?"

She pinched his arm beneath her hand hard with her nails.

"Ow, okay, I'll take that as a yes."

Knowing full well that he'd have a bruise she released him to a hiss of pain and snuggled her hands up beneath her chin. It took a bit to get her thighs spread in a "comfortable" position and not just a showy one. He laughed silently, the chuckles shaking her as she settled into him.

"Better?"

She shushed him.

At that he resumed his silent laughter and dragged his dick slowly from her tight pussy. The stretch and friction made her want to squirm but the stubborn side of her brain told her not to show that. With gentle and excruciatingly slow strokes he worked her open and into a soaked state.

The man beneath her studied the small twitches she made with every thrust. His hands held her waist still. Eventually he found that one spot that made her make noises that weren't practiced. The sounds had her face heating up but in the darkness she didn't worry and focused on the zings shooting up her spine with every move. Her toes curled, her thighs tightened shakily around his hips and her face was buried in the crook of his neck. She listened to his breath grow faster against her hair. Marissa knew the force of his hands on her hips would leave bruises but for once she didn't mind. The steady pace of pleasurable strike one after another had her hazed.

The sensations built into a slow, scary crescendo like the incline on a roller coaster building suspense within her body. Before she knew it she was over the precipice and every muscle inside spasmed tightly around him. A groan tore from him. She could feel him tense beneath her on edge as her orgasm brought him beyond. Both of them trembled, sweaty on the bed in the cool, pitch black room. The only sound of their shaky breaths and the small groans he made with every aftershock.

"God."

"Goddess, you mean."

His laugh ended on a moan that made her clench involuntarily.

"I'll call you a goddess if you want."

"I like where this is going."

"It's going to stay right where it is."

She huffed at that and attempted to maneuver enough to wipe the sweat from her face off on the pillow beneath him. His unhappy grumble didn't deter her. He quickly shut up again when she settled back into place on him.

A few semi-snarky responses flashed through her mind but the satiated feeling from her orgasm wiped them free. Before she could decide whether talking was something she could swing someone knocked on the door and opened before either of them could answer. 

To be continued...