 "Please, don't," she whispered in my ear as she clutched the back of my head firmly in her hands. I shifted slightly, placing more weight on my right knee, and drove my cock back into her as deeply as humanly possible. I felt her tighten her legs a little higher on my hips allowing for deeper penetration on my part. We were both soaked in sweat. I increased the pace with which I fucked her clenching pussy. 

"Please, don't make me cum again... no more," she offered weakly, another orgasm already dragging her from reality. I shortened my strokes to rapid jabs into her swollen, slippery slit. Her body temperature suddenly spiked as huge droplets of sweat emerged under her eyes and dripped past my cheek into her matted hair. I pulled my head up and looked in her eyes as they were forced closed by the intensity of her orgasm.

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum again!" she exclaimed as she trembled and clutched desperately at my sweaty body to keep from being completely swept away by her third orgasm. I leaned forward bracing my hands on the top of the couch and increased the friction on her clit with my steel hard shaft. My cock hadn't been this hard in years. There was something about fucking this woman that gave me the stamina of a porn star. I stopped thrusting as Annie's convulsions prevented me from maintaining any sort of rhythm.

"Oh my god, Mike," she said between her huffing and puffing. "I told you not to do this."

"But weren't you just asking me to fuck you, fuck you harder, a few seconds ago?" I asked as I slowly withdrew my cock until it was almost all the way out, at which point I slowly slid it all the way back in. The sensations were exquisite as we both shuddered involuntarily.

"You're doing this on purpose and it's not going to work," she said looking up at me with sad eyes.

I stopped my slow thrusting and just savored being deep inside of her. She tenderly caressed my back as I placed little kisses on her ear and down the side of her neck. She moaned and then grabbed my head with her hands and looked me straight in the eye.

"Mike, please stop," she said sadly. "I told you not to fall in love with me and you did it anyway."

"What makes you think I've fallen in love with you?" I asked as I slowly withdrew my penis and re-inserted it just to keep it hard.

"It's the way you fuck me," she said still looking at me.

"What's wrong with the way I fuck you?" I asked touching my nose to hers.

"You fuck me like you love me, and I told you not to fall in love with me, I'm not that kind of girl."

"How can you tell someone's fallen in love with you by the way they fuck?"

"Have you cum yet?"

"No, and what's that got to do with it?"

"Mike, you've made me cum like three times already," she said, as if that somehow explains it.

"So?"

"Michael, I told you. I'm a slut. I like fucking men. I like seducing them. I like making them cum. I get off on it. I can't be in a monogamous relationship. I won't be in a monogamous relationship. It's just not me, it's not who I am."

I closed my eyes because I didn't want to hear those words. She had told me not to fall in love with her, but my god, I'm only human. She was beautiful. She had an almost evil twinkle in her eyes that made her look like she was always up to something. Her smile was kind of twisted which added to her overall charm. Her clothes were tres chic, especially the shoes she wore that she had purchased in Paris.

I met Annie when she came to work in my office, setting up our new computer system. It only took a week to complete the job, so I knew I'd have to act fast if I were going to ask her out. The other guys in the office were already commenting on how sexy she was and how she probably fucks like a pro. I began watching her as she worked. She really knew her stuff when it came to computers. I also noticed that she would flirt with just about any male bold enough to approach her.

On Wednesday morning I dredged up enough nerve to ask her out and she agreed; rather enthusiastically too, I might add. We decided on dinner Friday night at Leo's. I kept it quiet, not wanting to be teased by my fellow male co-workers before the date. On Thursday after lunch I was working at my desk when I realized I'd run out of staples. I walked down the hall to the storage room.

When I was about half way down the hallway, Richard came out of the storage room, saw me, and hurried me into his office, which was just across the hall. Once inside he closed the door and then cracked it just a little to see out into the hallway.

"Come here, look at this," he said motioning to me without turning from the door.

I peeked out of the crack he'd left in the door just in time to see Annie emerge from the storage room with a pad of sticky notes. Richard pushed the door closed as she passed, and then peeked around the door to admire the view as she walked away down the hall. 

"God, she's got a big ass," he said holding the door open so I could watch her strut on down the hall, her ass undulating provocatively under a wonderfully tight business length skirt. The classic black BCBG pumps with the three inch heels helped things move in the right direction.

"Wow," was all I could muster in response.

"Dude, she just gave me the best fucking blow-job I think I've ever experienced, right there in the storage room!" he said, grinning from ear to ear.

"No way!" I replied, feeling both excited and angry at the same time. Truth be known, I was devastated. I had just spent three days chatting up this woman and I had been truly impressed with everything about her. She was up on the events of the world. She told me that she was an NPR listener. She spoke intelligently about the NBA finals, and about who was in and who was out in World Cup action. So, you can imagine how this recent occurrence sort of floored me.

"She came into my office and asked if I could let her into the storage room so she could check out our servers, you know?" explained Richard.

I nodded, trying to hide the mental dilemma that was spinning about in my head. 

"When we got inside she said, 'Hmm, a person could get into trouble in a place like this,' and I said, 'What sort of trouble did you have in mind?' and she said, 'What sort of trouble do you have?' and I said, 'Well, since you've been working on this job I've been having trouble hiding this,' I said, and I grabbed my cock which was pitchin' a tent in my pants!"

"No way!" I exclaimed.

"Sure did, and she didn't even hesitate. She dropped to her knees, pulled my pecker out for me and started sucking like there was no tomorrow."

"Dude, no way!"

"Fuckin' A, dude, I've never cum so fast in my life, and she swallowed all of it!" he said with pure glee, offering his hand up for a high five.

I thought about leaving him hanging, but decided that might bring on suspicion or be seen as jealousy. Instead, I gave him a high five that was extra hard. I figured it would show that I was excited for him. Ultimately, it let me get out some frustration about the whole fucking incident. I grinned broadly knowing it stung then turned quickly to be on my way.

"You dog! You always did have luck with the women," I said smiling over my shoulder as I left. I forgot about my staples and decided to spend the rest of the day answering email with my door closed.

The next day was Friday and I was still looking forward to my date with Annie, despite the recent occurrence. I met her at the restaurant and things could not have proceeded more smoothly. We talked about everything as if we were old friends catching up on what had happened in each other's lives since we'd been apart. When we started talking enthusiastically about how much we loved old, black and white movies, I realized that I could easily spend the rest of my life with this woman.

After the check was paid and we'd walked out to the street, I gambled and tried to play the perfect gentleman. I offered her my hand and told her that I had had a lovely time. She paused and looked at me as if confused. Then her face blossomed into that lovely, twisted smile and she said, "Oh, Mike, you dear man..."

"What?" I asked, feigning confusion.

"Don't you dare fall in love with me," she said in a pissed off tone. I couldn't tell if her tone was serious or mock.

"I...," was all I was able to mutter.

"You're honestly not going to invite me back to your apartment so you can fuck my brains out?"

I struggled again for words. I stood there staring at her as she smiled at me. Finally, I came to my senses and jumped in with both feet.

"Annie? Would you like to go with me to my apartment so I can fuck your brains out?" I asked with the straightest of faces. I was surprised at how easily those words rolled off my tongue.

"I thought you'd never ask," she said smiling and lacing her arm in mine. "Drive me to my car?"

Once in my apartment I showed her around and then opened a bottle of wine to sip as we talked. She seemed fascinated by my music collection. I asked her to put on whatever she liked as I sat down on the couch. She knelt on the floor to get a closer look at the titles. I sat back and enjoyed the view. 

Annie wore some sort of shirt dress that resembled a batik beach wrap. It was sort of a bronze and rust color, barely long enough to cover her ass, but loose fitting to the point where one could not make out the feminine form underneath. She had some sexy strappy high heeled sandals on her feet. When she knelt in front of my CD rack, the material of her dress was pulled tight around her bottom so that her delicious bubble butt was apparent. She put on a CD, then rose and turned to me on the couch. 

The sexy sounds of Stan Getz and Astrud Gilberto came through the speakers as she grabbed her dress at the hem and removed the whole thing in one seamless motion. There were no undergarments. She smiled and stood before me in just her high heeled sandals. Her breasts were fuller than I thought they would be, perfectly shaped with thin, pointy nipples. Her hips flared wonderfully from her high, slim waist. Her mound was plump and smooth with no sign of the lips hidden within. 

"Like it? I just had it waxed," she said cupping her pussy and dragging her fingers upward so that her inner lips were forced out into the open. Annie sauntered over and knelt on the floor in front of me, all the while staring hungrily at the bulge in my pants. She waited patiently as I unbuckled my pants and freed my erect penis.

"Wow, you're much bigger than I thought you'd be," she said laughing nervously.

I was used to the comments and the nervous laughter women offered once they'd seen my cock. Some women begin to have second thoughts while others begin to ponder the possibilities. While it's not humongous, it is sizeable. I grabbed it at the base and stood it up as it finished hardening. A string of pre-cum stretched from the bulbous, mushroom head over to my thigh where it had lain.

"So, you've been thinking about my cock, have you?" I asked, holding the muscle so that it pointed at the ceiling instead of curling bow-like into my abdomen.

"This may be the biggest cock I've ever seen, and I've seen quite a few" she said scooting forward for a better look. "How big is it?"

I guess it was a compliment, but I didn't want to hear it that way, especially coming from her.

"Well, it's nine inches long, seven inches all the way around, and three inches in diameter," I said with a guilty smile. "Yes, we all measure them."

Annie was obviously one who was pondering the possibilities. 

"I'll bet you get no complaints from the lucky women who get to have this," she said wrapping both hands around the shaft so that just the head poked out.

"Actually, some women have second thoughts after they see it fully erect," I explained. 

She opened her mouth and enveloped the head with her soft, wet lips, leaving it glistening with her saliva. She gently slid both hands up until her top hand covered the head and then slid them both back down to the base. Pre-cum oozed from the tip and dripped down over her fingers. She licked it up with the tip of her tongue as if it were a melting ice cream cone, and then sucked the head back into her mouth. 

As she slid her top hand down the shaft to cover her other hand grasping the base, her lips followed her hand until half my cock was in her mouth. I felt the head of my cock press into the narrowing orifice in the back of her throat and she gagged slightly. Her lips were touching her hands. She waited patiently until her gag reflex subsided then forced the rest of my fuck-stick into her throat. She held it there for about three seconds, and then disengaged slowly, allowing her lips to close as she pulled them up the shaft and off the tip. "How do you convince the ones who have second thoughts?" she asked smearing the pre-cum and saliva she'd left behind up and down the vein covered shaft. 

"By doing this," I said as I rose to my feet and had her take my seat on the couch.

I tore off my shirt and kicked my shoes and underwear across the room. I then grabbed her ankles and pushed her knees toward her chest.

"Hold your legs open like this," I instructed, placing her hands under her thighs. I slipped her shoes off and dropped them on the floor on either side of us.

Purposefully stroking my erection I stood over her and enjoyed the view; well manicured fingers pressing into soft, succulent flesh as they held shapely thighs lewdly open. Her fat pudenda had parted revealing thin and delicate pussy lips. I knelt between her tan thighs and began French kissing her swollen vagina. She seemed startled at first and a little confused at what I was doing. I sensed that she had expected me to just bury my cock in her cunt and begin fucking her like there was no tomorrow. 

"Oh no, Mike," she protested. "I'm already wet."

She let go of her thighs allowing her legs to rest upon my back while she squirmed and tried to push my head away. 

"Please, don't," she pleaded.

In and out of her slippery hole my tongue darted, circling her clit and painting wet circles around her puckered anus. Little squeals and moans escaped her lips as she continued to struggle to fight me off. I couldn't figure out why she was putting up any resistance whatsoever. I was giving the entire region the royal treatment. I was worshipping her pussy. 

I reached up around her legs, pulled her hands from my head and placed them back holding her thighs. Soon, her pussy was tugging at my tongue each time it was inserted, and her clit began to pulsate with her pussy's contractions. A trickle of pussy juice emerged from the bottom of her pussy like milk from a freshly cleaved coconut. She stopped protesting and just began to tremble.

Pushing my upper lip against the hood covering her clit, I dragged the taste buds on my tongue back and forth rapidly against the smooth bundle of nerves that throbbed underneath. She screamed and a steady flow of girl juice sloshed against my chin and ran all down my neck and onto the floor below. She put her hands back on my head and held it steady as she quivered and quaked. I halted my oral assault and waited for her to calm down, but she never did.

Like an engine suffering from pre-ignition on a hot day, she continued to idle uncontrollably. After about a minute I decided to slide three fingers into that hot little engine. Again, she protested, and again she began to cum. It was as if I had jammed my fingers into a raw egg and was scooping out the yolk and albumen onto the floor. Thick, syrupy cum gushed all around my fingers, dribbled down my arm and dripped off my elbow. My fingertips were massaging her g-spot as she grabbed my wrist and held it in place.

"Jesus, I can't stop cumming," she muttered as her body continued to heave and spasm. 

I looked down at my cock and it was bobbing up and down, a string of pre-cum connecting it to the combined puddle of juices on the floor between my legs. I straightened up and lay my cock in the palm of the hand that was buried in her pussy. As I withdrew my fingers, I replaced them with my petrified penis. 

Annie's eyes flew open in disbelief as I watched my cock drag her outer lips inward. Her clit was buffeted by every vein that passed it on its way into her honey pot. It was as if she had grasped my cock in her tight little hand, but I was in her tight little pussy. All the way out, and all the way back in; smooth as silk. I began to fuck her with long, slow strokes. She was still cumming. 

Deeper and deeper and faster and faster I filled and unfilled her vagina. She rolled her head back and forth and allowed herself to be consumed by the sheer carnality of our union. She forced her eyes open and looked at me for the first time since she'd begun to cum over five minutes ago.

"Please don't... stop fucking me," she panted. 

"Stop fucking you?" I asked, knowing full well what she said and meant. 

"Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop," was all she could say as I picked up the pace. 

"Like that?" I asked boning her mercilessly.

"Harder, fuck me harder," she begged, again closing her eyes.

I gave her as much cock as I could give. Eventually, she once again went completely rigid. Pussy juice was ejected everywhere with each of my insertions. The sounds were sloppy and soupy which added to the overall nastiness of our fucking; and I do mean 'nasty' in a good way. Finally, with her legs wrapped around me, she clenched my buttocks firmly in her hands and rode out a huge orgasm with me buried in her balls deep. 

So, there I was balls deep in the most amazing woman I'd ever met, and she'd just told me not to fall in love with her because she's a slut and wants to stay that way. I opened my eyes and looked at her, hoping to find a clue to her motivations. 

"So, you like making men cum, hunh?" I asked.

She smiled sweetly and shook her head affirmatively, her eyes still closed. She took a couple of deep, cleansing breaths as her breathing returned to a more acceptable level.

"Looks like you like to make women cum?" she said slowly opening her eyes and focusing on mine. We stared into each other's eyes for a long moment, searching for a mutual understanding while wondering if we'd just reached one. 

Finally, she flexed all of the muscles surrounding my cock and said softly, "Will you cum for me, Mike?"

Well, who was I to deny this woman any request, especially one such as this. Still buried in her I wrapped her arms around my neck and scooped her up, holding her under her thighs as I stood up. She flexed her thighs so that she rose up off of my cock and then impaled herself again rotating her hips as she slid back onto me. I assisted her as best I could as she did it again and again, establishing a steady rhythm.

Annie grabbed my face with her hands and kissed me, probing my mouth with her tongue. The wonderful feeling of being attached at two orifices forced my balls to tighten in preparation for ejecting my seed. She sensed my impending orgasm and encouraged me on. She stopped kissing me and pressed her cheek next to mine as she picked up the pace with which we fucked.

"I can't wait to taste your cum," she whispered through panting breaths, trying to fight off the arrival of her fifth orgasm of the evening. She failed. With trembling groans she stiffened in my arms which actually made it easier for me to fuck her. But the increased friction caused by the constricting of her love-tunnel when she came pushed me closer to the edge too. 

Soon Annie regained control of her orgasm-wracked body. She then set about fucking me with the sole purpose of getting me to cum. She braced her elbows on top of my shoulders, clutched my head, and began swinging her hips so that her pulsating pussy sheathed and unsheathed itself deeply on my pole.

"Yes, yes, yes," she squealed, her thighs smacking wetly against mine with each exclamation. "Cum for me, baby!" 
