 Movies had always been her passion, ever since she was a little girl. She’d pretend to sleep until she was sure her parents were convinced, only to sneak back out to the living room to watch an old black and white movie on television. The women were always so glamorous, so together. Laney always wished she could be together like that. She has always been extremely shy. A very pretty girl, many guys had tried to court her, but she never knew how to talk to them. She’d missed many a chance over her fear to simply say hello. So she disappeared into the world of her movies.

She always went to the same place, a small greasy-looking place hidden at the end of a small strip mall. She preferred it to the antiseptic-looking brightly-adorned chain video stores. Here she could find movies those stores wouldn’t dare touch. Even though she’d first been afraid to go in, she quickly got over her reservations and fell in love with the place. It was much more comfortable than the chain stores and there was a strange kind of charm to the on-the-verge-of-bankruptcy feel of the jumbled shelves and dusty ceiling fans. It also had an adult video section, unlike the other stores.

She had first wandered into the section completely by accident, thinking it was just another room, missing the sign above the door which warned her ahead of time. Once she caught sight of the naked bodies twisted and contorted into strange positions on the boxes, she quickly realized her mistake. Though she wanted nothing more then to run from the room, she found her feet rooted, unable to leave. Quickly looking around to make sure no one else was coming in, she walked over to the racks to get a closer look. She picked up one of the videos. The looks on the women’s faces suggested ecstasy, yet the acts looked graphic, almost painful.

The covers were very graphic, showing penetration and oral sex, as well as bondage and various other sexual acts. In spite of herself, Laney could feel a stirring between her legs. She shifted her stance and swallowed hard, placing the video back on the shelf and turning to go. She walked with her head down, her hair lightly brushing her cheeks which were flushed with sudden desire. Who would have thought they would have affected her so much? She had just reached the door when she finally looked up just in time to find someone standing there. She drew in a sharp breath, her heart beating a mile a minute.

“Hi there,” the guy said, smiling easily and leaning against the doorway, blocking her exit. Damn! Now he would think she was a pervert!

“Ummm..hi,” she mumbled, swallowing hard and wanting nothing more than to get out of there. 

“See anything you like?”

“Excuse me?” she exclaimed, caught off guard. He was so good-looking, and they were in this room-was her face giving her away?

“In the room,” he said, eyeing her closely, seemingly amused by her embarrassment.

“Uh, no. I don’t watch any of this-“

”Really? Why not? It’s very entertaining,” he said, smiling mischeiviously and leaning against the shelf, seeming to enjoy watching her squirm.

“I don’t think so. In fact, I think I’d better go...” she paused before going out the door. She noticed that he only moved slightly so she had to squeeze past him. She could feel the heat of his body as she passed, and caught the tangy scent of his cologne which caused a moistness to form between her legs. She swallowed hard, her knees shaking slightly as she finally managed to squeeze past him. He watched her every move, shifting ever so slightly closer to her, trying to calm the rage building in his own pants as he took in the slight swell of her breasts under her shirt, the nipples poking gently through the fabric. He composed himself long enough to respond to her.

“If you must,” he said slowly, watching as she quickly moved toward the door once she regained her full strength in her knees. “Come again!” he called after her just before the door closed with a bang.

Once she got to her car, Laney jumped inside and collapsed against the seat, letting out a huge sigh and trying to ignore the stirring between her legs.

For the next few days she drove past the store but didn’t go in. She missed her movies, but she was too afraid to indulge. The clerk had gotten to her so much she couldn’t get him out of her mind. She’d been going to this store a while and had never seen him before. All of the other workers there were old, ugly, or just not her type. This guy was an Adonis.

She parked her car in front of the store and watched him. He sat at the counter engrossed in a book while a movie played behind him. His long blonde hair was pulled back into a ponytail, and he wore a tight black t-shirt which clung to the bulges in his arms. He reached up to turn a page and the muscles in his arm rippled. She found herself wishing she could lick every one of those ripples. She watched him, growing more excited by the moment.

She closed her eyes, imagining him holding her with those powerful arms and kissing her. She licked her lips, her hands sliding below her waist to touch her throbbing wetness. How could he turn her on like this so much? She slid a finger in, the muscles gripping it tightly and sucking it, making a soft slurping noise a she slid it in further, slowly drawing it back out and then back in, groaning as she imagined him kissing her there, fucking her with his tongue with the force her finger now exerted. At this thought she came explosively, falling against her steering wheel and hitting the horn momentarily. Embarrassed, she quickly fell to the seat, still breathing hard from her climax, unable to believe she’d gotten so carried away. Her breathing subsided and she slowly came down from her high, composing herself and waiting another beat before she straightened up, quickly putting her car in gear and getting out of there as quickly as possible. She couldn’t believe she’d actually allowed herself to get so carried away! She only hoped he hadn’t noticed.

The man in the store watched her departure out of the corner of his eye, smiling to himself. He knew she’d been watching him. It turned him on to know he turned her on so much. While she pleasured herself he could feel his cock pressing painfully against his jeans. He touched it through his jeans, trying to ease the pressure. He looked up finally, catching her tailights as they pulled out of the parking lot. He only hoped next time she’d come in.

That weekend Laney as usual, had nothing to do. She longed to rent a movie but didn’t know if she could face the man at the store. She hated to go to the movies because the trailers were never like the movie. She preferred to read the boxes, to take her time and select just the right movie. After working hard all week, watching movies was the only way she could relax. But what if he’d seen what she’d done? The embarrassment was just too much for her to think about.

After pacing her apartment most of the night, she finally decided she couldn’t let one person stop her from her passion. She grabbed her coat and headed for the door. As she waited for her car to warm up, she found herself drawn to the moon. The top was covered by clouds and had the look of a half-lidded eye. That’s just how she felt-half-awake, half-alive. Always afraid to commit to anything fully. Never opening up her eyes enough to see the real world, never waking herself up enough to join in and live it fully. She jammed the gear in reverse with a new resolve. For once she was going to live her life to the fullest extent. What was the use of living if you didn’t take at least one chance?

Her resolve held until she reached the store. She passed by and glanced in, catching a glimpse of the man. Her heart lept then dropped when she saw him helping an attractive brunette. She was no match for that woman. She scolded herself for not doing her hair or even putting on makeup. If she was going to try and seduce someone, she needed to be better prepared. She parked her car and watched them with growing apprehension. They seemed to be really into their conversation. He leaned in, smiling and animated as she watched him, entranced and reserved as she listened. Laney was about to start her car to leave when she noticed another man walk up and join the conversation. He put his arm around the woman and she turned to him, showing him the movie she’d been discussing with the clerk. As she turned away, the clerk looked up, meeting Laney’s eyes through the door of the store. Laney froze but met the gaze, willing herself to stay and finish what she’d started. As he watched her she knew she’d done the right thing in coming there. Now she just had to wait for the right time to make her move.

She waited until the man and woman left and slowly gathered her breath and her nerve. She noticed him straightening up as if he were about to close up. It was now or never! She quickly got out of the car and walked into the store as casually as possible.

He looked up as she walked in. He smiled at her in recognition, secretly glad she had come late so no one would disturb them.

“Looks like its closing time,” she said.

“That it is.”

“So am I late?”

“No, I’d say you’re right on time.”

“Am I?” she said coyly, turning to lock the door and drawing the shade, hoping her nervousness didn’t show.

“Just thought I’d help you close up a little she added.

“No problem,” he said, watching as she walked toward him.

“So do you have a movie you could recommend?” she said softly, her breath lightly touching his face and arousing him.

“As a matter of fact I do. I was hoping you’d come back.” He reached behind the counter and popped a tape into the vcr on the counter. The movie Laney had been eyeing in the adult room appeared on the screen. The scene, which involved a pool boy and the lady of the house, quickly turned sexual as she was on her knees next to pool as he held his cleaning equipment in one hand, holding her head in the other, groaning in pleasure as she went down on him.

Laney watched, instanly getting turned on. She tried not to watch but couldn’t resist. The moans and sighs eminating from the screen were too much to resist. She felt the clerk’s eyes on her and though she was embarrassed, she made no attempt to hide her pleasure.

“So this is what it looks like,” she said, touching her breasts without realizing it.

“Yup. That’s your movie,” he said, moving behind her.

“I don’t know if I’d call it "my movie,” she said, turning around. “I kind of thought we could make one of our own,” she whispered huskily against his mouth before kissing him deeply. She raised her hand to his head, deepening the kiss while caressing his dick with her other hand.

He groaned, his face twisting in pleasure. He took her hand and placed it inside his pants so she could grab his balls. She stroked them hard, causing him to cry out in pleasure. She moved him back until he was leaning on the long counted by the television where the pool boy was still getting pleased. Taking her cue from the video, Laney undid his pants,licking her lips greedily at the bulge which emerged. Damn it looked so good! She quickly pulled his pants down around his ankles, exposing hairy legs and red boxer briefs. He gripped the counter, unable to control himself as she dropped to her knees before him, inching his underwear down as she licked her lips again in anticipation. His fully erect penis emerged into the cold air of the store but didn’t stay exposed for long. She quickly covered it with her warm eager mouth, sliding her tongue along its thickness as she slid her lips to the base, pulling back to suckle the tip, leaving a slick trail of saliva along its length. Gripping his hips she went in again, sliding him further into her mouth until she felt the tip of the penis lightly touch the back of her throat. His knees buckled and he held onto the counter with one hand while he arched his hips into her willing mouth, grabbing a handful of her hair with his other hand.

Laney widened her stance as she crouched before him, letting her aching pussy breathe. Her skirt fanned her legs and slid up a little, exposing her bare pussy to the cold night air. Her head bobbed back and forth on him, her mouth encasing him fully in its warmth. She sucked him like a lollipop, her cheeks suctioning in around him and gripping so tightly he was afraid he wouldn’t be able to hold himself back. Sensing this, Laney reluctantly pulled away before she got him too excited. There was still so much more to do, she didn’t want this finished before they really got started.

She stood slowly, letting the moans from the porno continue to propel her on. Jack stared at her, his eyes glazed over with desire, his breathing ragged. He touched his swollen dick gently, afraid any little movement would set him off. She had sucked him so good he couldn’t wait to see how she was when they really got down to it. He pulled her to him and kissed her deeply. He wanted her so bad he didn’t know where to start.

He turned her around, lifting her to the counter. He quickly stripped off her top and bra, greedily devouring her breasts as he kicked off his pants and underwear. He reached under her skirt, and to his delight, she wore no underwear. She was already sopping wet. He bent down and pulled her skirt over his head, leaning her back over the counter and throwing her legs over his shoulder as he buried his face deep in her sweet dripping pussy. 

He gripped her hips as he dove in, sliding his tongue in between her swollen lips, sucking and tasting her with the frenzy of a man enjoying his last meal. He fucked her with his tongue, furiously pumping her feverishly. She clung to the counter, moaning loudly as she ground her wet pussy into his face, the blood rushing to her head as she thrust her head back, grinding her hips even more into his face.

“Oh yeah baby...mmm...eat that pussy....mmm...yeah...” she groaned, grabbing his head as her orgasm ripped through her, the force so strong she feared she’d topple over the counter though she really didn’t care. She wrapped her legs around his head and pulled him in deeper. He responded by sticking his tongue deeply into her, causing her to jump and shiver in pleasure as another orgasm gripped her, causing her to empty more sticky sweet juice into his mouth. He licked up every drop, slowly emerging from underneath her skirt with a smile on his face, his lips slick from her. He smiled and sat her up, pulling her ass to the edge of the counter and mounting her on his long hard cock. 

She cried out, throwing her legs over his arms, hooking her arms around his neck as she rode him in mid-air. He held her hips as she bounced up and down on his rock-hard cock, driving him in deeper and deeper with every stroke. She made wild guttural noises, her reserve gone and she fucked him for all she was worth, hardly able to believe she was really doing this but not caring. She was finally just living, just feeling life and enjoying him and what they were doing. It felt good. She’d waited too long for this. She couldn’t hold back now.

He placed her on the counter and quickly climbed up beside her, spooning her and entering her from behind. The counter was narrow but they made do. He thrust into her with long powerful strokes, causing everything on the counter to rattle and sending several tapes cascading over onto the floor but they didn’t notice. He kept pounding away as she reached her climax, screaming loudly. He came a moment later, groaning loudly and emptying himself into her. They collapsed against each other, breathing hard and sweating harder. When he caught his breath he finally spoke.

“So I guess you don’t need that tape after all huh?” he said, laughing. Laney didn’t respond, joining him in his laughter instead. She snuggled up against him, happy she’d followed her heart, and the moon.