 "Pleeeeease?" Tiffany pleaded.

"No!" I remained steadfast. "For the umpteenth and fourth time, I will not take that damned kitten! You've been trying to get rid of her for weeks now and my answer is STILL "NO!" Look, I made up flyers for you, I posted ads on the Internet and I've annoyed the hell out of my co-workers about it! I have done more than my part in this, sweetness, but I am NOT taking that kitten!"

"But...Pleeeeeease, George! Please? It just makes sense for you to just take her. She likes you. You know she does! That would solve my whole problem!"

"Sheesh! I understand that 'no' is a word with which you have only a passing familiarity so I'll say it slowly and precisely so you can't possibly misunderstand: N. O. NO!!!!"

"But why?" she whined, hopping up and down in the grocery store parking lot a little like a five year old having a temper tantrum. Her substantial boobs bounced nicely in the orange-colored cloth top she wore that was more or less just tied around her. I got a bit of a tingle out of that but it wasn't enough to sway me. It was then that she hit me with her ultimate weapon: the pout!

Tiffany's pout was legendary and the secret of why she usually got her way in life. I don't pretend to understand the physics or biology or whatever science behind it but I acknowledge that pout as a potential weapon of mass destruction...often mine! "Oh, no! Don't you dare bring in the pout! Look, I am not...Stop that! Tiffany, I swear I'll... I said quit! I mean it! Dammit, Dammit, dammit!" She sniffed a little, too, and a single tear ran slowly down her cheek as if on cue. I closed my eyes and put my hands over my ears. "Now you listen to me, Tiff! I do not like cats! I do not want a cat and I am most definitely NOT going to take your cat!"

"Kitten. She's just a kitten."

"What the fuck ever, okay? You have exactly one pussy that I'd be interested in taking and I know from experience that you have absolutely no intention of offering me that one. Hell, I don't believe I'm saying this but if you DID offer it to me right now, right this instant, I'd turn it down if it meant having to take that ratza-fratza cat!"

"Kitten," she corrected again.

"Uuugghhh!!!!" I shouted throwing my arms up in the air. "Get in the car!"

"Okay," she said calmly. "I don't see any reason to be shouting all over the place. That's just rude." I just looked at her and shook my head causing us both to finally crack a smile.

Tiffany and I had been platonic friends for several years. When we met we had both been involved with other people and by the time we weren't, it just seemed impossible to see ourselves as anything but friends. We were so used to it that neither of us seemed to have a problem with it being that way. Oh, of course I thought about her sexually. She was a babe! Bouncy tits, magical eyes, long blonde hair and a tight butt you just wanted to grab and squeeze every time you saw it. I like to think she thought about me that way, too, but when it came right down to it, it kind of felt like fantasizing about your sister. Doesn't mean I didn't still do it, mind you. In fact, we both bantered back and forth about sex all the time. It just never happened.

In the car on the way back to her apartment, Tiffany sat staring straight ahead without saying a word. "So now I'm getting the silent treatment?" I inquired. No reaction. "Helloo...?"

"I'm sorry. No....No, not the silent treatment," she said with a sigh but then said nothing else.

"Hmmm," I added. "Coulda fooled me. I mean...you know, you being SILENT and all!"

"Oh, bite me," she offered as if only half paying attention to me. 

When I stopped at a light, I turned and looked at her. "What's wrong?"

"I...," she started before degenerating into what seemed embarrassed laughter. "I'm just a little...I mean, can I do this? I don't want to hurt...but on the other hand, I really do want to...Hmmmm..." 

"Uh...was there even a full statement in there anywhere?"

"BEEEP! BEEEP!" came the two cents put in by the Mazda behind me telling me the light had changed. I drove on and Tiffany continued to alternate silence and giggly laughter. Somehow I kept my eyes on the road when her left hand slowly snaked its way over to softly rub the crotch of my baggy khakis.

"Uhhh....Tiff, let me just say 'What the fuck?' here, okay?" She giggled again and ran her hand down deeper between my legs, tickling my scrotum through the thin fabric of my pants. "Stop that! I'm driving here, okay?"

"You don't really want me to stop, do you, honey? All this time I thought you wanted me like this. Was I wrong? Hmmmm?"

"No," I admitted. "You weren't wrong. The problem is that this is still about the cat, isn't it?"

"Dammit!," she cursed as she hit me on the shoulder. "George, I cannot afford the upkeep on another cat. What will it take? After you said that back in the parking lot about my pussy, I got to thinking, what exactly would be wrong with that? It's not like I hadn't considered having sex with you before. I've thought about you quite a bit actually."

"Really?" I said somewhat in surprise. Inside, a part of me was going, "Cha-ching!"

"Look, we can have a good time. You get what you want and I get what I want out of the deal."

"Honey, I'm not asking you to use sex as a bargaining tool."

"No, you're not. It was MY idea, okay? I'm willing this one time to do whatever you want and all you have to do is take Mitzi home with you. You scratch my back, I scratch yours."

"More like you scratch my itch and then Mitzi scratches my couch for the next few years."

"Shut up!" she laughed heartily as she hit me again. "Hey, I'm serious, George. What will it take? A handjob? A blowjob? You wanna fuck me, honey? What would you like?"

"Hey!"

"What is it, sweetie?" she asked seductively.

"We're here," I stated matter-of-factly.

"Oh." 

As we carried the cat litter we'd purchased at the store up to her apartment, neither of us spoke a word but Tiffany uncharacteristically locked arms with me, making me stir more than a little inside my suddenly very tight briefs. We were met at the door by all three of her cats, Anita, Blake and Mitzi, the kitten. As if she had rehearsed them, the two older cats rubbed up against Tiffany's tight jeans while Mitzi meowed at my feet.

"Hi, guys," she greeted. "Hello, babies. Let us in, okay?" To me, she added, " Just set the cat litter in the hallway by the bathroom. I'll meet you in the living room in a minute, all right?"

"Fine." It all seemed so normal. I convinced myself that I may have just imagined her offer of sexual favors or maybe she just pulled back from the idea. I plopped in the big blue chair and clicked on a BEWITCHED rerun. Thus I was quite surprised a few minutes later when Tiffany came walking into the living room half-naked. To be exact, she was topless and wearing only the tiniest pink and yellow g-string underwear, holding tiny, contented looking Mitzi in her arms. There was a growing wet spot on her panties.

"Well," she said as I stood up, "Whadda ya think, handsome?"

"What I think is that this is so wrong. Okay, yes, I want you. I guess I always have y'know... but not like this. This would be like some...some business transaction or something and I am SO not interested in you like that!"

"Hmmm," she murmured as her eyes lighted on the tent in the front of my pants and she walked closer, "Looks to me like you're a liar."

"Hey, I can't help that. That's just a physiological reaction. I mean...you are naked, you know?"

"Well, not yet but..." With that, she calmly put Mitzi down on the arm of the chair and hooked her fingers in the waistband of her panties.

I took a deep breath as she laughed lewdly and I watched the flimsy garment slide down her smooth legs to the floor leaving her neatly trimmed bush in full view of my lusting eyes. "T...Tiffany, you do not play fair!" I stammered as my heart beat faster and faster. The light from the TV glinted off of the moisture already saturating her pubic hair

"Who's playing, honey?" she said in all seriousness as she reached her arms up around my neck and leaned in to share with me our first kiss. My eyes instinctively closed as her thin, soft lips brushed mine, lightly at first, then harder, then deeper, her slippery, wet tongue teasing its way just inside my mouth. All the while my arms stayed at my side, trembling more than a little. When Tiff pulled back, we opened our eyes and she asked in a deadpan voice, "What's the matter? Didn't you like it? Did I do it wrong? Just tell me what you want."

I tried to maintain my composure. "What I want is for you..." At that exact moment, the pout returned, deadlier than ever. She smoothly pulled my hand from my side and held it to her fuzzy pussy, my fingers easily detecting the presence of her natural juices. 

"Okay," she whispered, "so maybe this started out as being just about the kitten but as you can probably tell, I'm not faking my interest here. I have been so horny lately and I was actually thinking about you last night while I played with my toy."

"You've got a vibrator?" 

"Shut up, stupid. You've got a wet naked girl hot for your body and you're about to spoil the moment. Come on, now. No more talk, George. Please, tell me what you want."

I looked her directly in the eye and asked, "Are you really, really sure about this?"

In answer, she pulled my hand to my face and pushed a finger into my mouth. "What do you think?" she asked as I got my first tempting taste of her salty sauce.

I smiled and licked my lips. "Mmmmmm. Delicious...like I always knew it would be. All right, Tiff. If we're really gonna do this...would you..." I gulped and took a deep breath before continuing. This was so bizarrely real! "Would you go down on me?"

Tiffany's eyes lit up. "I'll be honest with you, I was hoping you'd ask," she said as she pushed me back down into the chair and clicked off the tube. The cats made themselves scarce as I unbuttoned my pants and slipped them quickly down to my ankles, revealing the throbbing hardness of my prick to my golden haired friend for the first time. "Ohhh, it's lovely, George." She reached out with self-assurance and wrapped her hand around my pole. As she worked it up and down a couple times, a few drops appeared already at the tip. "May I kiss it, please?" I just nodded. I felt lightheaded as though all the blood in my brain had moved down to my groin.

As if in a familiar dream, I watched my beautiful young friend pull my stiff cock to her luscious pink lips. She sweetly kissed the tip, allowing her swirling tongue to lap the thin liquid there as she began humming and moaning from somewhere deep inside herself. Then she pushed her head down further, loosening her mouth just enough so that my flesh could slide inside through her still clenched lips. 

I watched in quiet awe as Tiffany took my hard dick inside her mouth a little bit at a time. It was throbbing almost painfully inside her mouth as the head touched her throat and my pubes began to tickle her nose. Her eyes glanced up at me with pride and she slowly pulled back. She opened her mouth widely and allowed my cock to slip out, covered in her bubbly saliva and throbbing as if it were about to explode...and it soon would be! She gulped for breaths, coughed a little and smiled. "Hah! I never did THAT before! Wow!" With that, she began slowly licking the sensitive underside all the way up and down the shaft, wrapping her lips around it from the side from time to time as she continued to jerk me lightly. On one downward trip, Tiffany licked around my hairy ball sac, literally sucking my left nut into her mouth. After a minute or so of sucking on it and lathering it with her tongue, she repeated with the right testicle, always making a point to glance up and gauge my reaction. My balls grew tighter as their impending explosion grew nearer. 

Soon enough, it turned into a traditional blow-job with Tiffany lovingly bobbing up and down on my desperate meat pole as I just lay back in the plush chair and savored the unfamiliar sensations my lovely friend was creating just to please me. I felt as though every nerve in my body was on fire, every thought in my brain was gone. I was simply feeling good. For the first time in a long time I was allowing someone to just make me feel good and relishing every fucking moment of it. I reached out tentatively and grasped her head, my hands now riding up and down with it as she sucked my happy cock in earnest. She was whining and moaning around my organ, her long, straight hair adding to all of the sensations by tickling my thighs as she worked. Every once in awhile, the head of my dick would accidentally poke hard into her cheek and Tiffany would chuckle around it. This was sexual bliss! I couldn't understand how I had managed to hold out so long! 

Then, Tiffany did something I'll never forget. At first, she started massaging my now hard as a rock scrotum, squeezing lightly and rubbing. There was a steady flow of spilled saliva and pre-come that made me all wet down there. Even though my eyes were closed in joy much of the time, Tiff still managed to catch my gaze. She looked at me with an absolutely wicked squint. Then she slipped a wet finger underneath my balls and up my ass! Oh my God! Just the thought of her doing it was practically enough to set me off. The sensation as she wiggled it around and rubbed my prostate did precisely that. I was cumming! I made loud, guttural, thoroughly incomprehensible animal sounds and my arms and legs shook involuntarily as I filled Tiffany's mouth with three powerful squirts of my sperm.

She coughed quite a bit as it hit the back of her throat but she was ready for it. She kept pumping my spasming prick as she pulled her face back from it, leaving a drippy trail of our juices. "Water! Gimme that bottled water on the end table."

As I swiftly handed my hacking friend the half full bottle of water, I apologized, "Oh my God, Tiff, I am so sorry!"

"For what, baby?" she asked after a big gulp of the water. " That thick stuff of yours is just a little tough to swallow but it was SO yummy! Hahaha! Mmmmmm! More than worth it, Georgie."

"That was..." I started.

"What?" she asked when I didn't finish.

"Just...well, amazing!! I have never, ever felt that good!"

"You have never, ever allowed anyone to make you feel that good, you goober! All of your damn picky control issues! Sex only works right when you give up some measure of control to your partner. Uh-huh!" she smiled. "Get it?"

"Wow. I guess I... Whoa, boy. I'm still tingling all over! Your sexy mouth is completely amazing!" Tiffany giggled and blushed in thanks as she pumped the last few white droplets out of my still half hard dick.

"So...uh...," she began, still kneeling in front of me.

"Yeeeesss? What's next? You want me to do you, now?"

"Hold on there, stud! The deal was one thing, your choice."

"What deal? Wait a minute! I didn't accept your stupid deal! You said this wasn't still about the cat!"

"No, I said I was legitimately wet and honestly interested in having sex with you. You still have to take the kitten! Haha! Loopholes! Ya gotta love 'em!"

I pried her squeezing hand off of my now shrunken organ, pulled up my trousers and stood to zip them back up. "No! No! No!"

"Oh, come on! You're not being fair! You got your part of the deal. I gave you the best damn blowjob I ever gave anybody and it was because I wanted to...because it was for YOU! Now you have to take my pussy. You have to, George! Come on!" Tiff stood, still naked and sweaty and trotted out the pout yet again. 

"Y'know," I said, "that looks so silly when you do it naked."

"Fuck you!" she growled as she tossed a pillow from the couch at me.

"Such language! Look, I never agreed to any deal. I appreciate the blow-job more than you know. Thank you so much for that but if you didn't really want to do it for any reason other than to get me to take the cat, then I'm disappointed."

"But George, I did! I did want to do it. Seriously, I've wanted to do that almost since I've known you. I just...I...George. Please...fuck me."

"Oh, no! One pussy for another? You are not tricking me again, Tiff!"

She sniffed a little. "It's not a fucking trick, George. I want you. I REALLY want you."

"Really?"

"Yes, honey, really!" A smile spread across her face. She wiped her eyes and walked toward me, embracing me with her naked softness. " Just fuck me, please," she whispered in my ear. I need to feel you inside me. We can discuss the kitten later."

I whispered back, "There's nothing to discuss," as I unzipped my zipper for round two.

"George!" 

"Uh, uh, uh! Shhhh!"

"Don't you dare shush me, dumbass," she chuckled as she again placed my hand between her thighs. " I was just gonna say 'Please take my pussy!"'