 He was due to visit with her – he traveled for hours planning wicked ways to torment her mind and her body, it was going to be a great night. It always was when he saw her, she responded so well to him, the chemistry was electric.

She was coming over to his hotel at 4:00; he'll be showered and ready for her. It was 3:50 when he got a call from a customer. This was a very important customer, purchasing over 20 million dollars in the last year and apparently he was in the same town as he was and wanted to have dinner. He tried to explain that he had plans that evening and he'd meet with him early in the morning, but the customer didn't seem to care – as a matter of fact, became more insistent. 

"Andy, you obviously have a date," he laughed on the phone. "I want you to bring her. Our business should be done during dinner and I'll get to see your taste in women and we'll finish our business. Okay?"

Andy knew that Jon, the customer, had him. There was no choice – so there will be a change in plans. It will be interesting to see how Lynne takes this news. His wicked mind started working again contemplating changes in plans. 

"Of course, Jon." The knock at the door told Andy that Lynne was there. Jon was still talking and Andy knew better than to interrupt him. He opened the door with the phone to his ear and motioned to her that he couldn't get off. 

Lynne was dressed exactly as he requested, a simple black dress and black sandals. It was obvious she had no bra on and he knew her well enough to know that per his instructions, she had no panties on either. Her auburn hair was wild and curly, her makeup perfectly applied. Her eyes were shining – obviously not upset that he was on the phone. He put his hand over the line and kissed her softly on her glossy lips. Then he started to try to explain and she touched her finger to his lips to stop. 

She put her purse down on the desk and walked around, listening to some of the business. Then she turned around and looked at him. Lynne's had this fantasy for some time and although he always encouraged her on the phone in fantasy, she didn't know how he'd react to her initiating this here. She stared in to his eyes silently trying to show him her lust.

Andy stared back and smiled, knowing what she wanted. He stood up from the chair and mouthed to her, "Do it." That's it – just those two words – do it. 

She needed no further encouragement and kneeled down before him. She unbuckled his belt and his pants and inched them down. He wasn't wearing anything under his pants either. He told her that he needed to be able to take her anywhere tonight – any time he wanted. 

His cock in her face and her eyes peered in to his, she took him deep in her mouth swirling her tongue as he likes. He was not fully hard which she wanted. There was nothing like him growing in her mouth. Hearing him maintain his business conversation as her head bobbed up and down on his cock was sending her lust in to another gear. Sucking and slurping, she feels her own orgasm build inside her. She wasn't allowed to cum without his permission and knew that while he was on the phone that might not happen so she held it off. 

She took his cock out of her mouth and started sucking his clean-shaven balls. Warming them in her mouth, she stroked his now very hard cock from the head to the base, slippery from her mouth. He was growing and growing, pulsing and throbbing. I hear his voice shake a bit – but not so much to notice. She vaguely heard phrases like, ‘deeper profits,' ‘going the distance,' ‘working harder to get the job done.' 

Lynne smiled in to Andy's eyes loving how he was communicating with her as he worked. She sucked now deeply on his cock, wanting desperately to swallow him. Andy was the most generous lover she's ever had and she always has many orgasms before he allows himself even one. But today – today, she wanted his first. She wanted him to cum in her mouth – to go out tasting him. 

He noticed she obviously had been practicing deep throating her vibrator because she was taking him deeper and deeper, gagging still, but not as badly as she had before. She needed him, and her sucking was urgent, obsessive. She felt him get close. He sat down and leaned back in a chair as her head bobbed up and down over his throbbing cock. 

"Yes, Jon, we're almost there, almost to our goal," he said. Lynne looked up at him and winked as his other hand pulled her hair and pushed her deep on his cock – so deep. He started to cum, filling her mouth. Oh he tasted so good. She kept sucking and sucking, taking every drop watching his face contort and him moving the phone away from his mouth and letting out a delicious gasp. 

Lynne stood up, straightened her dress and zipped up Andy's pants. She smiled tremulously at him and loved the way his eyes danced, smiling at her, silently showing her his appreciation. 

"Yes, Jon, we'll see you at the restaurant." He said in to the phone. He then paused, listening to his customer. "Lynne, her name is Lynne. And no – she won't mind, she's quite adaptable to situations. See you then." And he hung up.

He put his phone down and took her hair in his hands, moving her head at an angle and took his kiss as he always does. 

"There has been an alteration in the plans, Lynne. He called a little while ago and insisted on dinner. He knew I had plans and told me to bring you. So we have to go in a few minutes in order to make it to the restaurant on time. I'll fill you in on him on the way."

She could tell this wasn't what he wanted. She'd deny him nothing and he knew it. She would do her best to make him proud to be with him. "Andy, this is a customer – they always win. We'll have fun alone afterwards! I have all night with you."

"All night – yesssss, you're Mine!" Then he pushed her against the wall and while he kissed her, he quickly inserted 2 fingers inside her causing a gasp from her mouth. She was wet from sucking him and his fingers were working their magic. 

"MMmmmmmmm," she moaned in to his mouth. He stopped kissing her and commanded her to "CUM, Lynne, CUM NOW!!!" And she did – always – she came hard, gushing on to his fingers.

"Open your mouth and stick out your tongue, Lynne," he told her. 

She did and he put his fingers in her mouth so she tasted the musky, sweet taste of her orgasm. 

"Who owns that pussy?"

"You do, Sir."

"Good girl, Lynne." He smiled, kissed her softly and led her out of the room to the car.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

They walked in to the elegant restaurant and Jon was already there. He was mid to late forties, wearing a gray suit that flattered his gray eyes and hair. His skin was smooth and tan from many trips on the golf course and he exuded wealth and charm. 

Andy shook his hand and introduced him to Lynne. When he watched his customer look at her – eyeing her in appreciation, Andy's wicked mind went in to overdrive. 

"Your girlfriend is lovely, Andy. I'm not surprised at all in your taste." 

"Thank you, Jon. I think so, too." Andy winked at Lynne.

They all sat down and Jon ordered appetizers and wine for all of them. The conversation flowed and Andy noticed Lynne impressed his customer talking intelligently about a variety of topics. He excused himself to go to the men's room and texted her on her phone: "Lean in to him, Lynne, closer. Show him more of your cleavage. Make him WANT you!"

Her phone beeped and she politely excused herself to look at it. He leaned back and took a sip of his wine as she read the message trying not to show any of the surprise she might be feeling. 

Andy returned to the table to find them deep in conversation and noticing that Lynne is more animated. She excused herself to the ladies room. When she returned, she sat closer to Jon and noticed Andy's wink. 

"I swear I shouldn't drink so much wine, it's all going to my head!" she flirtatiously exclaimed in her charming southern twang. 

Blaming the stronger flirting on the alcohol was bright, Andy thought to himself. Now, let's see how far he can take this. 

Lynne was flirting well, and Andy was discreetly wondering how far he can go with this. She touched Jon frequently – a brush of the shoulder or hand – always talking animatedly with her hands. Jon poured her more wine and she said, "You really shouldn't be doing that – I might start misbehaving!" 

"Now what would misbehaving entail, Lynne?" Jon asked. Lynne blushed and looked to Andy. 

Andy looked at Jon's eyes watching her knowing he could do what he wanted. 

"Jon, Lynne misbehaves anyway I want her to. Isn't that right, pet?" Andy asked her.

She looked to Andy and saw the stern ‘You'll-do-what-I-want' look and back to Jon and said, "Yes… I do what Andy tells me."

Jon smiled and said, "Anything?"

"Yes," Lynne said shyly blushing. "Anything he wants." She was rewarded with his hand on her thigh patting it.

"Jon, I've see that you've noticed Lynne's breasts and hard nipples. I told her she wasn't to be wearing a bra today. Would you want to touch them?"

Jon did not waste any time, but his touch had finesse as he reached over and caressed her left nipple poking through her dress. Lynne gasped. "Yes, her nipples have been talking to me all evening. Lynne, you have beautiful breasts."

"Uh.. thank you, Jon," she responded. Jon's fingers still tweaked and caressed and Lynne was feeling so much pleasure, but realized she was in a public restaurant. She looked back to Andy, not sure what to do – how to react. 

"Lynne… I think Jon would like to explore you further. Would you like that? Would you like both of us touching you and filling you and making you scream and moan in pleasure?" He knew his words lifted her lust that much higher. 

"Yes, Sir. I would. But… can we…uh… leave here?" she pleaded. 

"Not quite yet, pet. Where is that little pocket rocket you have." He grinned wickedly at her. 

Lynne opened her purse nervously fidgeting with it and retrieved her toy nestled in the pink satin of her lipstick case. She had it on her lap and looked at Andy. 

"Now, Lynne, Jon and I had this meeting to discuss a few business points that we have to complete. While we do that, I want you to use that pocket rocket on your thighs and your clit and get yourself to that edge and stop. Relax enough to start again and keep doing this until we're through with out business. You may not cum. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Sir. I understand," she responded. 

Jon shifted in his chair – obviously aroused and not letting on. And Andy started discussing the business. The buzz was very quiet and watching Lynne's arousal was wonderful. Andy knew he enraptured his customer at the same time tormenting Lynne. 

Lynne's face and eyes and quiet gasps told them of her need and ache – but they discussed business. It seemed like minutes turned to hours and she had to stop numerous times because she was about to cum. Their discussion of business seemed to last forever. She was aching with the need for release. 

"Please, Sir… please…." She pleaded.

"Yes, Lynne? Do you want something?" 

She sighed audibly and said "Yes, Sir… I need to cum, please let me. Please…" She was whispering so that the other patrons wouldn't hear her. 

"What do you think, Jon? Should we allow it?" He asked like it was any of the other business.

Jon looked at her, pinched her nipple and then rubbed it with his palm and said, "Oh, I think she's strong. She can wait a bit more." He didn't take his eyes off hers and said, "Andy, does she only listen to you or will she do what I say as well?"

"If I tell her to do what you want, Jon, that Lynne will do it. What did you have in mind?"

"Put your teaspoon inside that wet pussy of yours, Lynne and get it very wet – then lick it off." Jon commanded. 

Andy smiled and looked at her. She was desperate and would do anything. She took her spoon and brought it down to her pussy and inserted it. The cold metal felt amazing against the walls of her pussy and rubbed against her clit. She brought it back up and stared at it – then at the two sexy men and put it in her mouth to taste her arousal. She closed her eyes savoring her own taste with mixed with the metal of the spoon. 

"Put it back and swirl it around and bring it up and taste it." Jon instructed. After a few more times, her breathing was erratic, and she was so incredibly close to shattering. He took her spoon from her. Jon took his unused spoon and put it in his brandy for a spoonful and reached over and took her little toy from her hand and poured the teaspoonful of brandy on the toy. "Put it back inside now, Lynne – on HIGH."

She followed his direction and the sensation was powerful. She knew she wasn't going to be able to stop herself. She looked immediately at Andy and Jon turned her face towards his own and said, "Look at me as you cum. Do it!" 

She felt the waves wash over her in blissful abandon. "OOOOOooooohhhh Godddd," she moaned as quietly as she could. "Yesssssss, thank you!"

"Oh Andy, you have quite the little morsel here. I think we should go and finish this in private, what do you think?" 

Jon paid the bill and arranged with Andy to follow him to the hotel.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

At the hotel, she felt a bit uncomfortable – not knowing what to do or say. Andy told her on the way back that she did great at the restaurant and her fantasies of being filled were going to be realized. She was so aroused but still a bit uneasy. 

"Don't worry, Lynne, I'll make sure he won't hurt you – it's all about pleasure." He assured her.

"Close your eyes, Lynne." Andy went over to his black bag and took out a few things. He came over and blindfolded her. The knock at the door told them Jon was there. She was sitting on the bed blindfolded. 

She heard Jon's voice and knew her night would be amazing. Andy told him that he was going down the hall to get ice and he'll be right back. Jon came over to me and sat on the bed. She felt the weight of him nearby but he said nothing. 

Again his fingers traced her nipple. "I want to see these – and not through your dress. Stand up, Lynne." She did.

He lifted her dress over her head leaving her just in sandals and her pearls. She felt uneasy without Andy there. She then felt his mouth over her left nipple and she felt amazing, this man knew how to suck. He was not fumbling – he knew just where to touch. 

She heard the door open and felt better that Andy was back. 

"Do you like his lips on your nipples, Lynne? Are they warm? Are they tugging on you and biting you like you like them to be?"

"Jon, she loves her nipples hard and pulled. You should see her with clamps on." He laughed that wicked laugh.

"Oh I'd like that, do you have them, Andy?" Jon asked.

"Oh yes, of course." And he went to his back and pulled them out and handed one side to Jon. He took her left nipple in his mouth and then used the clamp on it. Jon followed suit and Lynne was getting weak in the knees.

"Feel how wet that makes her, Jon."

Jon took his finger and slid it along her slit and felt how drenched she was. "Mmmmmmmmmmm…" she moaned. "Please, put it back…. Pleaseeeee!!"

"Jon, Lynne fantasizes about being completely filled. Her pussy, her ass, her mouth. She cums just thinking of this and today we're going to fill her."

"I've watched her lips all night; I want them on my cock." Jon said. 

Marie heard him remove his clothing and then Andy say, "Kneel and suck him, Lynne, like the good slut you are." 

She kneeled down and felt around for his legs and found his cock and balls. She started to suck him as his hands roamed through her curly hair. She found him longer and thinner than Andy but just as sensitive. She heard that slight ‘ohhhh' that urged her on knowing he liked what she was doing. 

Andy said, "Suck it harder, Lynne, like I taught you. Lips tighter, hold his balls." He was pushing in her mouth. 

"On all fours, Lynne," Andy's voice commanded. She did as she was told and then heard one of his vibrators he used on her go on. She was instantly aroused knowing the pleasure of being filled will give to her. What a wonderful sound – bzzzzzzz. 

Andy teased her clit as Jon fucked her mouth and she was going to explode again. She moaned in to Jon's cock as Andy said, "CUM, Lynne, NOW!!!" As she came powerfully with the rabbit's ears teasing her clit and Jon's cock teasing the throat, she almost fell over. They moved and shifted her to the bed but still sucking him. He had amazing stamina and he was so hard – throbbing in her mouth. 

Andy put the rabbit in and out of her pussy getting it soaked from her juices. He then teased her asshole with it. "Where do you want me, my little slut? Your ass? Your pussy?" He laughed knowing that it wasn't her choice at all. He put the rabbit deep inside her pussy with the ears tickling her clit and as she exploded again, she screamed and took her mouth off of Jon's cock. 

Jon was moving to put it back and then she heard Andy coating his own cock with some lubrication. Lynne knew he'd be in her ass – taking her with the power only he possesses over her. Then he put his cock slowly at the bud of her ass and ever so slowly inched in a little at a time – then came back out. Jon was teasing her mouth with his cock not allowing her to get it in there. Andy was still playing with the rabbit and Lynne was in an endless stream of orgasms. 

"Pleaseeeeeeeee Sirrrrr, put it INSIDE ME!!" She yelled.

"Where do you want it, Lynne?"

"My ass!! My ASS!"

"Beg for my cock in your ass, slut! Beg so I know you really want it!!"

"Please Sir, I need it there, Please!!! I'll do anything. I want it there so bad. Take my ass, Sir, pleaseeeeeeeeeee!!!" She begged him.

Just then Jon took her face and put her mouth on his cock and Andy filled her ass – they rocked her in a rhythm that was sending her to the stars. Andy moved her hips down so that the bed kept the rabbit buzzing inside her pussy. 

Back and forth they rocked her. Her insides were on fire. She couldn't stop the orgasms – over and over they washed over her. As she came, her muscles tightened and she clamped Andy's cock with her ass and sucked Jon's cock with her mouth. Jon was starting to grown and he soon started spurting his cum down her throat as he held her head steady so she'd take it all. 

Andy kept moving her and talked to her – "What a little cum slut you are, Lynne…" Then she heard the familiar and wonderful growl of his orgasm. She still had Jon's cock in her mouth as she sent aftershocks throughout his system. And she felt Andy's cock thicken and harden to what felt like twice his size. He started to cum deep in her ass. "Yesssssss Lynne!" he moaned as she pushed back on to him. 

After they both softened, Andy removed the rabbit from her pussy and let her rest on the bed. She vaguely heard Jon tell Andy good bye and thanked him for sharing his little morsel. 

He came back to lie on the bed with her and kissed her lips and removed the blindfold. "Good girl, Lynne. I think you impressed Jon. But only I get your ass, Lynne – I OWN that ass."

"Yes you do, Sir… you own all of me." He let her rest before he started with the wax…