 I awoke to find myself unable to move. The first thing I noticed in the darkness was my hands secured behind my back, then the strip of satin across my chest, binding my torso to the back of the chair I was sitting on, and then my ankles fastened in a similar fashion to the two legs of the chair. 

And then that I was naked.

"What the...?" I murmured, as my eyes tried to focus.

A familiar voice penetrated the haziness. 

"Good morning," she said wryly, "how did you enjoy your drink?" I shook my head with disbelief and delight. The saucy little bitch had doped me!

Blinking a couple of times, the fabulous form of Sasha came into view. She was seated atop the table before me, clad in the most incredible black mini-dress. Moonlight streamed in the kitchen window, highlighting the two little protuberances of her unharnessed nipples atop pert round breasts, pushing obscenely at the material of the dress. It was a cold night, although I got the feeling things were about to heat up...

"Sash, I..."

"Shh," she put a coy finger to her hot little mouth. "I think someone needs a lesson in patience..."

My head had finally cleared and my eyes drank all of her in. She was a goddess, tousled brown hair caressing her bare shoulders, big green eyes deep with kohl, and red little mouth wet with anticipation. My eyes drifted down her body which just got better – her dress stretched across her full, firm breasts, then plunged with her curve into her impossibly small waist, and was pulled out again by her lovely round ass, where it ended its brief encounter with her body. Her bare legs were crossed before me, and my eyes slid down her smooth calves to her feet, to which were strapped a pair of stilettos that glinted in the moonlight. I lost my train of thought momentarily as I envisaged the way they made her walk, all curves, and how I should love to bend her over something right now and just...

It was then that I realised I had a raging hard-on. I squirmed against the restraints, slightly embarrassed about having this great boner waving about for all to see. Sasha was watching me intently, and I saw her breath quicken and catch as she regarded my member standing to attention, hard up against my stomach. I could tell the girl loved cock. 

"Mmm," she said, "seeing you hard gets me so horny," she purred, her voice husky with arousal. She was pushing all of my buttons, and didn't she know it – a drop of pre-come began to ooze from the head of my cock and I closed my eyes and waited for her to ruck up that little dress and jack me off with that sweet pussy of hers, and...

...Nothing.

I opened my eyes again to see her idly running a finger up and down her thigh, beating her foot like a cat's tail. 

"I'll bet you want me to hop on that rock hard prick of yours, don't you?" Fuck she was a tease. I swallowed hard, and a small moan escaped my throat. "Patience, darling. Patience is a virtue," she cooed. Perhaps it was, but what she was doing to me right now was anything but virtuous. She smiled and leaned back on one arm, and the other hand slipped absent-mindedly to her breast. I was transfixed as she ran little circles around it, ever so lightly, and in the moonlight I could see her flesh rise into goose-bumps.

"Mm," she whimpered with mock innocence, "I'm getting so hot in here." Without warning, the hand that was wandering around her heaving bosom grabbed the top of her dress, and pulled it down over her huge mounds, freeing them into the cold night air. My cock was so hard, I felt like I was going to die if she didn't do something... I tried to get a hand free to take care of myself, but she'd done me up good. She slipped off the table and onto my lap, straddling me. My cock was so unbearably close to her hole, and I groaned with frustration as the erection became almost painful.

"Shh," she said, and before I could say another thing, she had one of her fantastic tits in my mouth. I suckled eagerly, my tongue running all around her nipple as it engorged to form a hard nubbin against my mouth. I took care of the other in the same fashion, while she fondled her breasts, sighing as they seemed to swell with desire. Fuck I needed her, but she pulled away and stood up, slipping her dress all the way off with her back to me. She still had the heels on and they were lifting her ass up and out for me, the elastic of her thong biting gently into the firm flesh of her incredible rear. She walked back over and regarded the stream of precome that was running steadily out of my twitching dick.

Then she reached over, slid her hand around my pulsating shaft and squeezed.. oh, it was miraculous, she ran her fist up and down my cock, one, two, three times, then slipped it right off over the head, sending the blood pounding to my temples, and it slapped wetly back up against my belly. 

"Don't stop!" I pleaded, gasping for breath. 

"That's just to keep you with me," she whispered devilishly, and resumed her place on the table.

I watched in absolute awe as she ran my precome over her nipples, bringing them up hard and glistening in the moonshine. Her breathing was much heavier now, and seeing her so aroused was not helping my plight one iota. I felt like I was going to explode when she lifted a breast in front of me and began to flick her tongue over her tit, lapping my juice off her own body. Then she leaned back and spread her legs, and I could see the drenched black thong hugging the swollen outer lips of her cunt, and nearly fainted when the heady aroma of her sex hit me.

She trailed a hand down her stomach, and I was mesmerised as it meandered lower, and lower, until finally she slipped it beneath the waistband over her bare pussy mound and into her hot little thong that was so tight I could see everything. She was rubbing her clit now, and sighing softly with her legs spread before me, I was a helpless wreck as she pleasured herself in front of my face. It was so obscene, yet so beautiful, seeing those gorgeous fingers working around the hole I was so desperate to penetrate, thinly veiled by the tiny black thong that stretched tenuously across the entire spectacle.

She stopped, and withdrew her hand, which was slick with her juices though she hadn't even delved inside her pussy yet. She straddled me again, and kissed me urgently, I could feel her panting atop me as she pushed a finger inside my mouth and I tasted her sweet arousal. She pulled it out, gave me a look sexy enough to make my eyes water, and began to lick herself off her fingers. She kissed me again hungrily, I could tell she was barely able to restrain herself from fucking me. I bucked against the ties, straining to get inside her.

Suddenly I felt her mouth moving down my body, hot kisses burning a trail down my chest, my stomach, she licked her lips and I knew she was tasting my salty perspiration. I didn't know how much more of this I could take, as gently she ran her tongue over the ridges of my engorged shaft, then using the tip, explored the head of my cock. She swiftly sucked it into her mouth, and caressing the head between her lips, she continued to drive me crazy with her tongue as it darted over the tense, sensitive skin of my glans. Without warning she plunged her head right down over me and throated my dog, and I bellowed with the surprise and excruciating pleasure of it all, and then she was sucking me off like a demon as her hand caressed my balls and her hair stimulated my entire groin as her head bobbed up and down on my pole. I was going to cum, I was going to cum, I was...

She stopped. "Fuck!" I yelled, "Sash, just fuck me, you fucking slut!" I was worked up like you would not believe. She was struggling to regain her composure. 

"Hm, ladies first," she panted, and finally the thong came off and she was standing before me naked, but for those fucking kinky heels of hers.

Again she sat on the table, and spread herself for me. Her cunt was so amazing, it was dark and heavy with arousal like a ripe fruit, ready to be eaten. She pulled her turgid outer labia apart, and the moist inner lips and clit lunged forward, pouting, begging to be gratified as a drop of clear juice pooled above her dark anal star. I was unable to think straight as the two fingers she sat at its entrance slipped in and were promptly swallowed by her hungry pussy. Her other hand was tweaking her stiff nipples, and the two fingers reappeared again, shiny with pussy juice, before plunging back into the hot, red tissues with a squelch. I couldn't move, couldn't blink as she masturbated on the table before my eyes. She was rubbing her clit with the palm and penetrating herself with her fingers, moaning loudly now as her pussy deepened even more in colour and her hips began to grind, and I was moaning too as the sight was almost unbearable to me and my untouchable cock.

She was fucking herself with great vigour now, and I saw her face flush with impending orgasm. I was about to cum just watching her get off, when all of a sudden she stopped, and stood up again. I was close to tears with desperation when she said the words I'd been dying to hear, "Want to finish it?" 

"Unggh..." was all I could manage as she turned her back to me, stood astride me, reached a hand between her legs and guided my thick, hard cock into her sweet, sweet pussy. The swelling of her walls with arousal had made her so tight and I almost passed out as she sheathed the full length of me inside her silky, muscular cunt. I love doggy-style but I'd never done it sitting up before. She leaned forward and put her hands on my knees and lifted herself to the tip of my appreciative cock, then clenched and pushed herself down on it again.

"Fuck, Sash," I whispered, between covering her back with kisses as she rode my length over and over again. I doubt she heard me over her own moans as she jacked me off like a whore with her sucking wet insides. We were both running with perspiration and suddenly I felt my hands slipping free of the bond! I quickly freed my chest and stood up, ankles still tied to the chair, pushing her forward onto her elbows on the table. The heels presented her ass perfectly to me, and she squealed as I pressed the head of my hot, hard prick into her tight anus, lubed with the juices from her cunt. She was struggling half-heartedly, but I kept advancing myself, till she'd taken me right to the hilt. 

I clamped a hand to her mouth and reached the other around to finger her cunt, and began to split her ass with my cock. Her muffled cries of pain were soon replaced with groans of pleasure and she went wild on the end of my dick as she began to cum over my hand, the shudders resounding to her rectum where I was getting the fuck of a lifetime. My balls contracted and the rhythmic spasms worked their way up to my cock as my thighs took on a life of their own and I pounded it in and out of her, and we howled in unison as I blew my load right up her ass and juice spurted from her cumming pussy all over my hand...

I awoke to find myself unable to move, lying on the kitchen table. My groggy eyes adjusted to the light and found Sasha lying naked beside me. 

"Good morning," I said, grinning. She smiled and found my mouth with a warm kiss. 

"So you see?" she said. "Patience is a virtue."