 Many thanks to sunshinesdevotion for her editing even if she had a shitty weekend.

My father, who was very conservative when it comes to sex, told me one important thing about sex. That if you can please a woman she will be yours forever.

I was a normal college boy; nineteen years old and no longer a virgin, having lost it to a skinny drunk girl last year. 

As I walked around campus I was, as all guys do; checking out the girls and yes, fantasizing as well. I was a bit shy when it comes to girls, so it was never easy for me to approach them.

In my history class (which was my smallest class) I felt the most comfortable. There were more girls than guys and I sat at the back so I could look, although mostly at their backs. There were a lot of young beautiful girls but no one that really made me take a second look. 

One day about five minutes after the class started a girl came in. The lecturer was very aggressive towards her and made a few sarcastic remarks. I immediately felt for her. I looked at her and something made me look again. She was not skinny, actually a bit chubby but not to the extreme.

She wore a white blouse, a black short skirt and comfortable sneakers. Her hair was blonde and short. Her nails were long and red. She was about 5'8. In the white blouse her big, firm breasts looked so appealing. Her short skirt showed enough leg to make me wonder about what was higher up. Her feet looked great in the sockless sneakers. The nail polish she had on her nails was a good match to her outfit. She was overall a delightful package.

After class I hung around in the hall see her again. She walked out and I could see she was a bit upset.

I walked up to her and said: "Don't mind the professor, he's an asshole."

She replied smiling shyly: "Thanks, my lift didn't pick me up, that's why I was late."

I saw her blue eyes and suggested: "Let's go for some coffee, my treat."

"That would be great, I need that." she answered.

"I forget my manners, I'm Barry." I said smiling.

"Samantha" she replied shaking my hand.

We walked to the cafeteria and talked about where she came from and what she was studying. She wanted to qualify herself as a history teacher. She came from a town called Inverness in Scotland, has one sister and one brother. Her father died when she was 14. 

We sat down and had coffee. I took a bold step and asked her if she would like to go out with me that night. With that adorable smile she said that she would.

I picked her up at her dorm at seven o'clock that night. She wore a purple sweater and a long Indian print skirt. She was really attractive. I myself wore a pair of jeans and a white golf shirt. I'm fairly skinny, have black hair and blue eyes. Me being 6'1 was just the right amount taller than she was to be comfortable with.

We went to a club close by. For the first time I held her hand and it felt soft and wonderful. I have always adored a girl with long nails. I told her that and she just blushed a bit. We had a Bacardi and orange juice then danced a bit. I knew then I was falling in love.

As we walked out she said "Barry I enjoyed this a lot, thanks."

When we got to her dorm and gently looked into her shining inviting blue eyes and kissed her. It was a gentle kiss, which was passionate yet not forceful. Afterwards she gave me a hug and I could feel her firm big breasts pressing against me. We kissed again. We tasted each others warmth and our tongues explored each others mouths.

"Could I see you again, Samantha? " I asked

"I would like that", she replied blushing

We decided on a picnic date two days later in the local park.

I picked her up two days later and we walked to the park. We sat down and start chatting. I kissed her again and felt no resistance. We were hungrily kissing deep and very passionately. I moved my hand up to her big breasts and touched them ever so lightly. I could feel her nipples becoming hard. Samantha had such big, firm, beautiful and inviting breasts. 

She moaned in my ear: "Barry touch them under my sweater."

I slipped my hands under her sweater feeling her naked flesh on my way up to her breasts. I could feel she had goose bumps. I touched her breasts through her bra and she replied by kissing me even harder. I moved my hands to her back, just to realize that her bra unhooked in the front. I rubbed her back with my one hand while unhooking her bra with the other. Then those awesome breasts were free. 

"You have the best breasts in the world Samantha" I said in her ear.

She replied by kissing me again. This girl could really kiss. I was breathless but enjoyed it so much. We were in a public park so I decided reluctantly to stop. 

"Please don't stop Barry, you are doing everything right." she moaned.

"Let's go somewhere else, less public." I answered.

We went to her dorm. She was staying in a single room so thankfully we would have some privacy. We started kissing again and then I pulled her sweater off. If I was hard before I was even harder now.

"You are a Goddess, Samantha." I said admiring her beauty.

She just smiled and took my head and placed it between her breasts. If heaven was like this, I'll be a good boy for ever. I kissed her breasts, licked her nipples, I rubbed her back where the bra strap was again and she moaned. 

"Mmmmmm Wowww!!!!!!" escaped her lips.

Then there was a knock on the door.

I was startled when I heard someone saying "Sammy its mother".

Samantha quickly jumped off the bed and put her sweater on as I crawled under the bed to hide. Her mother was there for about ten minutes before they left for coffee, luckily not locking the door. I left quickly and went to my dorm. My cock was rock hard. That night I had to masturbate twice just to get it soft.

I had to see her again and waited the whole next day around her classes to see her. My patience was rewarded when she appeared just after 4 o'clock coming out of one of the lecture rooms. She smiled brightly and walked to me giving me a long hard kiss.

"Sorry about yesterday, but it was my mom." Samantha said softly.

"Its ok I understand." I said smiling into her blue eyes again.

"May I see you again tonight Sam?" I asked.

"Definitely Barry. I love it when you call me Sam. Pick me up at 7 o'clock again?"

"I'll be there. I can't wait Sam." I responded.

I picked her up at 7 that night and decided to take her to a restaurant. I can't really remember what we ate there because I was in love. We decided to go to my dorm this time and luckily I also stayed alone in my room. She sat with me on the bed and we kissed, long, deep and passionately. I just could not get enough of her mouth and she seemed to love it too. Looking her in the eyes I start to undo her blouse and could see her red bra with those stunning curves in it. I rubbed them, undid her bra to kiss her breasts and suckle her nipples. This girl had breasts that men dream of. My tongue played over her nipple and it became even more erect. 

I decided to explore further and moved my hand down her stomach. We both were shivering in anticipation. 

"Barry please take my skirt off." Sam moaned.

I did and saw her high cut red panties. What a sight, so amazing, so innocent and yes so sexy. Her legs were closed together. She started kissing me again with passion as I traced my fingers over her thighs. Then I touch her inner desire through her panties and she moaned. She opened her legs a bit.

"O Barry, o Barry, yes sweetie, mmmm." she whispered in my ear.

She was very wet and I continued to play with her pussy through her panties. She was alive, oh yes so alive. I then slipped my hand inside and her legs opened even wider. I could feel some hair, actually a strip but it was her wetness that excited me. Was it possible that I could make a girl this wet; I was thinking. 

"Barry, mmmm Barry take it off, it's for you." she said with a very excited voice.

I decided to go down and took her panties in my mouth as I rolled them down, exposing an awesome pussy. Her pussy lips were swollen, she had a small blonde strip and she was wet, so wet.

"You are incredible sexy and beautiful, Sam." I whispered and kissed just above her pussy.

This excited her even more as she thrust her hips forward. I then started to gently kiss her pussy, which resulted in her moaning. Her hips were now rotating involuntary. My hands moved to her breasts and I played with her nipples while licking her pussy. She tasted so good. She was so wet. Her hands were in my hair. The world stood still. I sucked softly on those inviting pussy lips. 

I entered her pussy with my tongue, in search of her g-spot. She was now breathing heavily.

"I love you oh my goddd....... I've never felt like this!" she shouted.

I must have found her g-spot because she became a wild animal, moving her whole body up and down, thrusting her pussy in my face and begging me not to stop.

"Darling don't stop. Oh my goddd..... this is amazing....." she moaned. 

All I wanted to do was to push her over the edge, to make her cum, to let her have an orgasm she would not easily forget. Was this what my father meant by truly pleasing a woman? 

I sensed she could not hold out any more as she wrapped her legs around my head and shouted: "fuck this is so ...... Barryyyyy...." 

She tensed up and I could feel her shiver with pleasure. I actually tasted some fluid dripping out of her pussy. She was exhausted but satisfied. 

"Barry I've had sex before but nobody ever made me so happy. THANK YOU!!" she whispered in my ear. 

We cuddled up and after about ten minutes she said she needed a smoke. We dressed and walked to the courtyard and lit up a Marlboro. This girl was so amazing I just knew we were meant for each other. 

Just then some of my friends came back from a party and suddenly there were a lot of people around us. Although I would have liked to be with Samantha longer I realized how late it was and we decided that I would take her back to her dorm. She gave me a passionate good night kiss. That night no matter how hard I tried I could not get my cock soft. 

The next day I met her at our history class and she looked so alive. We decided to go away for the weekend. I picked her up and we drove to a cabin in the nearby mountains. While driving I noticed her breasts looking so hot. I realized she was not wearing a bra. This was so incredibly sexy and I just got harder. I noticed she was wearing a shorter skirt than normal. Her legs looked stunning. Then she undid a button from her blouse. I was so hard now that it was difficult concentrating on driving. She let her skirt rise up higher and I started sweating.

"Do you like what you see, Barry?" Sam said seductively

"Oh yes, you are so sexy." I replied

Then for the first time since we met she touched my cock through my pants. She actually traced it with a long red fingernail. I nearly drove off the road. Thankfull there were no other cars on the deserted road to the cabin. 

"I can see you like it." she said smiling invitingly.

She undid another button. Now I could see her breasts and one of her nipples. 

"Sam you make me so happy, you are my sexy goddess." I respond slowing the car down quite a bit. 

She opened her legs a bit and let the skirt rise more. Was she wearing panties? Her hand on my cock felt so good. 

"Touch my breasts Barry." she said softly.

"I can't while driving." I replied

"So pull over then sweetie." she whispered in my ear. 

I found a tree to stop under and immediately started touching her big breasts. She loved it and so did I. I could never get enough of her breasts. She then took my hand and placed it high on her thigh. I moved my hand up and yes no panties. 

"I've been so aroused since the last time that I decided not to wear underwear today so that you could have access immediately." she said looking me in the eye. 

I was now sucking, kissing and licking her breasts while I played my fingers over her pussy. Such awesome beauty. The blouse was off now and man does she look good. She unzips her skirt while I was playing my tongue over her breasts. Finally she was naked. She was a naked goddess before me. I bend over her, and she let the front seat lay down and I licked and sucked her pussy while my fingers rolled her nipples. She was as alive as before, maybe even more. She tasted so good and my tongue spelled letters over her pussy lips. 

"This is even better than before.... oh my goddd... Barryyyyyyyy" she said so seductively.

Her hands then moved to my jeans and she started to undo them. Those hands are so soft and arousing. She stripped me right there, naked with a full 6 inches of uncut erect cock. Her fingers played with my cock, just under the head. She softly fondled my balls using her nails.

"Barry replace your mouth with your cock, but don't enter my pussy", Sam said breathing heavily.

This was where self control was tested to the limited. My cock was actually touching her pussy but not entering. I decided to start rubbing my cock over her pussy. 

"BARRY!!!!" she moaned 

"Slip it in lover, you deserve it." she begged

As I trust forward into her it felt like the earth was moving. I was seeing double. This girl was the one for me. She felt tight yet we were a perfect fit. I was rubbing her clit while I gently yet firmly moved in her. 

"Let me be on top, darling." she pleaded.

Within seconds our positions were reversed and I now could see her big breasts and her face.

"Let's ride until both of us cum Barry." she said invitingly

Man did we fuck and finally we came together.

"You know Barry I'll be yours forever now." Samantha said.

Just what my father told me.