 Cara's dad walked toward me after turning on the shower and leaned down to grab my hand pulling me into his arms. Our lips met in a long hungry kiss, his hands inching down to squeeze and play with my ass. Mark pulled away and walked me into the bathroom and over to a glass door that was flush with the tan walls. 

He opened the door and thick hot steam immediately enveloped our bodies as he guided me in to the most amazing custom shower I had ever seen. There was a narrow walk way lined with beautiful tan and brown stacked stone walls that led back and around to a 7ft by 6ft enclosed shower hidden behind the walls of the bathroom.

Multiple rainfall shower heads lined the walls and a huge one sat in the center of the ceiling. A stone seat ran the width of the back of the shower and on the wall next to it was a detachable shower head that you could use to rinse your legs when shaving. 

"Oh my god, I'm never leaving this shower! This is amazing!" I gasped as I walked into the middle turning my head up. The hot water cascaded over my body soothing my sore muscles. 

"I'm glad you like it. I designed it myself." Mr. Welston said with a small smile turning up the corners of his mouth. 

He walked over to me encircling me in his arms, running his hands over my lean back, down to my butt and back up my sides. I looked up at him mesmerized by the water dripping down his strong chest and thick arms. Leaning over I traced the path of the falling drops before rolling my tongue around his nipple and sinking my teeth into his hard pec. He smelled lightly of Issey Miyake, sex, and sweat, not a pungent onion sweat, but a clean fresh male scent. I continued to roll my tongue over his nipple savoring the salty flavor of his skin. 

He squeezed my butt as he thrust his hardening cock into my pelvis and a primal growl escaped from his full lips. Innocently I looked up into his lust filled eyes. 

"Do you mind if I wash you Mr. Welston?" 

He leaned down groaning into my neck peppering it with kisses. "I would love to feel your little hands all over me precious. The soap is behind me on the wall."

I peeked to the side of his arm towards the wall and saw three stainless steel automatic dispensers for the soap, shampoo and conditioner. I walked over and put my hand underneath the soap and it squirted filling my hand with a thick creamy liquid. Rubbing my hands together I turned around to see him standing under the water running his hands through his beautiful dark hair before stepping backward out of the water towards the stone seat.

I stood there for a moment just staring. I had never seen someone so ruggedly handsome in my life. His body wasn't movie star perfect, but he was still so incredibly sexy, masculine and dangerous. I couldn't believe that it was me he wanted. I couldn't believe this gorgeous older man who was always in control, who was successful, and married to an equally successful and beautiful woman, wanted me. It made me feel powerful and confident. I probably would have felt guilty if she hadn't been such a bitch lately to both Cara and her dad, that and her cheating on Mark first.

"Normally I would wash your hair first, but I can't wait to put my hands all over you and I don't want to stop for you to rinse off. Is it ok if I wait to do that last?" 

I said sweetly reaching forward to run my soapy hands over his broad tan shoulders and chest. The shower gel lathered perfectly and filled the stall with the smell of eucalyptus and lemongrass. 

"You can do whatever you want beautiful." His deep gruff voice sent all my lady parts into tingly fits.

A huge smile broke out across my face. 

"I love your sweet endearments, how you call me beautiful and precious." 

My hands made their way to his stomach and back up his chest and down his arms. A thick layer of soap covered his whole upper body.

His dark eyes pierced me with that intense look that fills me with chills. His arms wrapped around me and he slid his soapy chest against mine.

"You are beautiful and precious. Right now I should be livid, tearing down the house, because of what my wife did, but all I can think about is how happy I am that I have this time with you. You are so amazing. You make me feel like I haven't felt in years. All I want to do is be inside you over and over again, making you scream my name in pleasure. I can't get enough of you."

Mark's mouth covered mine in a deep kiss. We ate at each other gasping as we turned our heads to come at the others mouth from a different angle our tongues rolling around and around before retreating. Gently I sucked his bottom lip into my mouth and nipped it with my teeth before pulling back out of his arms. 

"I want to wash the rest of you." I said backing away towards the soap and panting.

"Hurry!" he demanded in a gruff frustrated yet teasing tone.

Once again I filled my hand with soap and made my way back over to the seat, lathering my hands and crawling behind him. I started again with his shoulders kneading and rubbing them and the back of his thick neck, slowly moving down his hard muscled back. I ran my hands up and down massaging the muscles in-between his shoulder blades and down his spine making little circles with my thumbs. Deep moans rumbled in his chest. As I neared his butt I splayed my fingers digging them in to his hard round cheeks and into his crack. I continued down the back of his legs and then came around to the front of him. 

Mark leaned back against the wall and widened his legs so I could move in between them. Still working a rich lather up and down his chiseled legs I paid close attention to the insides of his thighs, scratching down lightly with my nails and then pushing up soothingly with my palms flat on his skin .With every upward stroke I would come closer and closer to his thick hardening cock. 

"I think I need more soap Mr. Welston." I said biting my lip and inching back again towards the dispenser.

"UGHH!! You are killing me little girl." Mark growled throwing his head back and clenching his fists. 

"One more minute and then it's my turn." He said leveling his eyes at me.

"But I'm just getting to the good part sir." 

I said softly as I kneeled back in front of him taking his throbbing member into my hands, twisting them as I pulled up. My right hand reached below and rolled his sac around in my fingers as I stroked up and down his shaft. 

"MMMM" Cara's dad moaned "Every part with you is the good part Casey."

I gripped the base of his penis with my left hand and stroked up as I rolled the palm of my right hand over the tip twice then pushed down as his hips jerked forward.

"Oh shit, do that again baby."

I grabbed his penis at the base and started pumping up and down harder this time before taking my palm and rolling it over and over the head of his cock. 

"I want to suck you Mr. Welston. I want to feel you in my mouth." 

He reached over and snatched the detachable shower head off of the side of the wall and began rinsing himself off. When the soap was all washed away from his cock I leaned down and licked up his shaft as he put the shower head back on the wall. 

When Cara and I first started dating guys we watched a couple of pornos together and practiced giving head on whatever random objects we could find. I only got to practice on one real guy before last night with Mr. Welston. I wanted to try out some of the things we watched to see if I could drive him as crazy as he drove me. 

Flattening my tongue I licked the underside of the tip of his purple head then rolled my tongue around it before sucking it deep into my mouth. 

"Oh god baby! Yes suck my cock."

"MMMM" I moaned as I worked him all the way to the back of my throat. One hand continued to pump the bottom of his shaft as the other massaged his balls. 

Mark grabbed the back of my head and rocked his hips, fucking deep into the back of my throat. I gagged a little and made myself relax softening my throat. 

"Fuck Casey your mouth is so sweet. I'm going to fill it full of my cum."

I pulled my head up taking him out of my mouth. I nibbled down his shaft to his balls and alternated sucking and flicking them with my tongue. The whole time I kept jerking his penis off with my left hand squeezing tight. I lifted his balls up and nuzzled them with my nose while licking the underside of them, inching my tongue back towards his puckered hole. I tossed my head side to side licking and covering his perineum in my saliva. 

Mark's hips were thrusting up fast and hard.

"Oh fuck Casey yes, lick my ass little girl. Get in there."

I started rimming his puckered hole with my tongue. I went soft and slow at first licking around the outer edges teasing him occasionally by poking my tongue in the center then I got brave and plunged my tongue all the way into his ass hole. Mr. Welston pulled me up by my hair and shoved his cock in my mouth. 

"Ahhh fuck open up I'm going to come in your mouth. Fuck I'm going to come right now."

I took him all the way to the back of my throat and sucked hard up his shaft to the tip working him in tandem with my hand while massaging his balls and perineum with my fingers until I finally reached all the way back and rimmed his hole with the tip of my finger as I sucked him in deep. Gush after gush of salty cum splattered into the back on my throat and Mark shouted out in pleasure. 

Seconds passed and then he looked down at me chest heaving. 

"It's my turn to play for a little bit." 

Mark stood and walked over to the dispensers on the wall dragging me behind me. Gently yet thoroughly he washed and conditioned my hair taking his time to massage my head eliciting soft moans of pleasure from me the entire time. His huge rough hands then worked their magic as he washed my entire body from neck to toes rubbing the soap in every crease and fold. 

I knew at that moment as I watched him taking such gentle care of me that I had fallen for him and that I would do anything to please him just as he was pleasing me. 

He led me over to the water, lifted my arms, spread my legs and caressed my body rinsing the soap off of me. 

"Go stand by the seat with your hands on your head and your feet spread." 

His deep quiet voice sent shivers down my spine despite the steamy heat of the shower. He walked over and got another handful of soap and came over to sit down in front of where I was standing. 

"You just washed me and quite well." I said teasingly.

"Shhhh" he snapped.

His face was so intent and serious. Tightly controlled lust shown in his eyes and I felt myself getting a little nervous and a little more turned on. 

"Don't take your hands off of you head until I tell you to."

He said as his hands began to lather the soap. Slowly he reached up to my shoulders and began to soap my whole body except my breasts and little lady part. He ran his hands over the top of my chest, belly, ass, arms and legs while he whispered sweet praising words about each area as he washed them.

"Casey baby look at this stomach of yours, just the right amount of soft and firm. Later I'm going to kiss and lick this belly button like I do your pussy. Would you like that baby? And oh damn this ass..." 

He said as his hands moved towards the back of my body squeezing and caressing my bum. 

"I don't know what I like more licking or fucking this sweet ass of yours."

His fingers glided between my cheeks and he teased my puckered hole. My pussy clenched over and over again and I could tell I was sopping wet and not from the shower water. I tried pushing back on to his fingers and got a nice hard slap on my ass in return. A deep moan shot out of my throat and my hips rocked.

"Don't move Casey!" Mark warned with a stern voice.

Next his hands roamed my inner thighs and down my calves. 

"If you are patient and a good girl I'll let you wrap these beautiful legs around me while I fuck you. Do you want that... or would you rather I throw them over my shoulders so I can bite into them when I cum in that little pussy of yours? Hmmm?" 

By the time he had soaped down my body I was shaking with need. My nipples were rock hard and my pussy continued to flex gripping in need for his hand, his cock, tongue...anything.

"Yes Mr. Welston." I breathed.

"Yes what Casey?"

"Yes I would like that." I whimpered.

"What would you like Casey? Be specific."

"I like everything you do to me. I want you anyway you want me, just touch me. Make me cum."

A small chuckle fell from his lips as he leaned over and took my breast into his hand leading it to his mouth. He nursed forever sucking and lapping at the bottom of my areola with his tongue. I could feel my orgasm creeping closer and closer.

"Oh my god... Oh my god... Yes... Suck me." 

He bit down right before my nipple and closed his lips around it sucking hard. My orgasm crashed into me and my knees almost went out. His strong hand clenched my hips helping me to stay standing.

When I finally stood back up straight he kissed his way across to the other nipple giving it the same treatment. His right hand crept down between my legs towards my pussy. He made a V with his fingers and slid the tips first back and forth along my outer lips, my clit sliding between them. With his left hand he inserted his first two fingers inside my pussy and as soon as he had them all the way in he pinched my clit hard between his finger and thumb of his right hand. Another huge orgasm slammed into me out of nowhere. I bounced up and down on his thrusting fingers as a scream echoed against the shower walls. 

Mark grabbed my hips and pulled me onto him thrusting his cock deep inside my quaking pussy. I screamed again and again as he slammed me down and plunged up into me. 

"Fuck Casey! Fuck! I was trying to go slow with you damn it, but your sweet cunt almost broke my fingers. You have the tightest young pussy. You drive me nuts baby, you drive me fucking nuts. This is my pussy! Say it!! Tell me that this is my pussy."

"This is your pussy baby." I groaned. 

"Yes, this is all mine. You're not going to share this with anyone else are you? I'm the only who's been in this pussy. It's only for my cock. Say it!!"

"Only you. Oh my god Mark! My pussy's only for you. My pussy's only for you!!" I chanted almost screaming.

"Not just your pussy all of you, my ass, my mouth, all of its mine isn't it Casey. You're mine AREN'T YOU?" 

Mr. Welston pushed my off of his lap swung me around, bent me over and I put my hands on the stone seat as he slammed into me from behind.

"Yes! Yes!" 

I said as tears formed in my eyes. My heart was pounding in my ears or maybe that was Marks breathing. I was too overwhelmed to tell. He leaned over and yanked the shower head off of the wall and placed the pulsing stream right over my clit as we continued to slam into each other.

"Say it Casey!Fucking say it. Tell me you're all mine!" He bellowed.

"OH my God I'm all yours Mark, I'm all yours. I love you. I love you so much." 

I sobbed as the most intense orgasm of them all wracked my body. The shower head feel to the seat and Mark grabbed my hips digging his fingers deep into my flesh as he thrust his cock deep inside me lifting me off the floor. My ass sat on his hips; feet now inches from the floor as he leaned back and ground my pussy onto his spewing cock. He wordlessly screamed his release pouring his seed deep into my womb.

Minutes ticked by and he held me there, his cock buried deep inside me. My head bowed low gasping for air, my pussy randomly clenching on his twitching cock. I looked over my shoulder to see Mr. Welston's head leaned back, his eyes closed and mouth slightly parted. Strong fingers repeatedly squeezed and released my hips before he slowly lowered me to the floor. 

I stood up straight and walked over to stand beneath the falling water tilting my face towards the ceiling for a second then looking straight at the wall in front of me. What just happened? What did I just say? Does he feel the same way? He's married.... To my best friend's mom... my mom's business partner! The magnitude of it all hit me in that moment. 

Strong arms wrapped around me from behind and he leaned down to kiss my shoulder. 

"Thank you." He whispered in my ear as he continued to kiss my ear and neck.

"What are we doing Mr. Welston? Where are we going with this? What does this mean? Do you love me back? How can I be yours when you are Cara's Mom's?" 

I began to shake again.

"Shhhh we'll figure it all out. I'm so consumed with you I can't even think straight right now. What do you say we go get some breakfast, call Cara and go from there?" 

I turned around and looked into his deep loving gaze.

"OK."

I wrapped a towel around me and went right to my room as soon as we exited the shower. My phone was on the bed and I leaned down to see 23 missed calls.

"Holy shit!" 

They were all from Cara. I quickly hit call back.

"Where the fuck have you been!" She yelled. "I've been trying to get a hold of you since yesterday."

"Dude your Dad went fucking nuts when he found out your mom left. He went storming to his boat and so I followed him to make sure he was ok and I didn't want to be here all by myself. I totally forgot my phone and we stayed out on the boat all night. How is everything there?"

I felt Mr. Welston come up behind me and I put my finger to my lips to urge him to be quiet. 

"My mom is a fucking bitch. She left me here all night by myself. As soon as we got home she disappeared and I heard her talking to some guy as she was walking out about coming to meet him at his hotel. She is totally fucking cheating on my dad!! She hid my car keys and told me she would call me this morning to tell me where they are so I could drive back. Funny she's worried about me driving in the dark, but she has no problem leaving me at home alone all night. God I hate her! I've been trying to call her all morning to find out where they are, but she won't answer her damn phone."

"Hey hold up your dads walking by, I'll see if he knows where a spare is." 

I turned to Mark and gave him the rundown of what Cara told me and he jerked the phone away from me. 

"Hey Care Bear, are you ok?"

He waited while she ranted for a few minutes.

"Ok listen, there are a couple extra sets of keys in my night stand you can go in my room and grab those. Is there anyone who can drive back here with you so you don't have to drive alone? I told your mom last night to have you call Chris. Did she tell you that?"

"No she didn't tell me that. She barely said two words before she was out the door. Seriously dad you need to divorce her. I heard her telling some guy she was going to meet him at his hotel." Cara fumed.

"You let me worry about all of that. You just find someone to drive here with you and call me when you're leaving so I know when to be expecting you." Mark said in a calm commanding tone.

"Ok Dad I will. I love you."

"I love you too sweetheart. Do you want to talk to Casey again?" His voice softened a little and he turned back towards me.

"Yes please." She answered and he was already handing over the phone. 

"Hey girl." I said as I smiled up at Mr. Welston. Hearing him talk to Cara made me feel all warm and fuzzy. He was such a good dad and treated her so well. It made him all that more attractive.

"Hey! Look I need you to keep quiet while I tell you something." She said in a low voice.

"Ok" I said a little confused and I walked away so Mark wouldn't over hear her talking. 

"I need you to keep my dad occupied and I'm going to find out who my mom's fucking." 

"Pardon me? How am I supposed to do the first part and I don't think I quite heard the second part correctly." I explained half panicking.

"I'm going to try to find her by tracking her iphone. If I find her I am going to take pictures of her for Dad so he can divorce her ass. In the mean time you need to keep him occupied. Do whatever you have to do. I've seen the way you two look at each other. I know you were saving that V Card for someone special and if anyone's worth it it's my dad. He deserves someone to love him a little bit right now."
