 Tom and Daisy had been married long enough that surprises were few and far between. Less loving couples might have let such familiarity curdle into contempt, but not them. The rarity of these surprises made them all the more exhilarating, especially where sex was involved.

Daisy was a curvy, voluptuous redhead who too often channeled her libido into reading what she affectionately referred to as "smut" online. As the years has gone by she had grown more self-conscious about those curves, but Tom lusted after her daily all the same.

One weekend Tom sent the kids to their grandparents' house and got a hotel room in the city. it was a nice big room with a king sized bed, and a huge floor to ceiling window overlooking the bustling downtown area. Daisy wondered what the occasion was, Tom assured her it was just a grown up getaway.

They settled in, got dressed up and headed to the bar downstairs. Tom ordered for them: a double anejo rum on the rocks for him, a bottle of prosecco for her.

"A bottle? are you trying to get me drunk?" she playfully asked.

"Absolutely. Besides, we can always take the bottle upstairs if need be."

"True enough." 

They chatted idly for a few moments and when there was a lull in the conversation, Daisy instinctively reached for her phone. After only a moment of scrolling her Facebook feed, a text popped up from Tom.

"Drink up. I want you nice and pliable."

"What ever do you have in mind?" she texted back with a smile.

"Fucking you until you beg me to stop than fucking you until you reconsider the request."

Daisy's pulse quickened and she shifted in her seat. She loved that kind of dirty talk, even if they were both usually too tired or too inhibited to make good on their various threats and promises. 

Tom got up and pulled a cigar out from the breast pocket of his blazer. "I'm going to step outside for a little bit." he said, before leaning in and whispering in her ear. "When I get back, I don't want you wearing any panties." As he said this he gently ran his hand across her ass gripping subtly through her dress at the edge of her underwear, as if to prove that he would know if she had followed his instructions. 

Daisy considered her options. First, whether or not to comply. Why would it matter if she was wearing panties? It's not like was going to bend her over her bar stool and fuck her right there. though the idea made her flush and she became acutely aware of the fact that she had been wet since his text. She refilled her glass a third time and took a big sip.

Then she considered the consequences of not removing them. Would it be a buzzkill? or would he say she needed to be "punished" for her disobedience? They had tried those sorts of games in the past and they never seemed to work out.

Just as she decided to play along and was about to make her way to the ladies' room, Tom returned. 

"Damn," she thought "that was a quick cigar."

Tom cupped her bottom his large hand. "Still wearing them, huh? No worries. Ill just rip them off later." 

Daisy felt bad but the first thought that entered her mind was a sarcastic "Yeah, right?" 

Tom downed the rest of his rum, and looked at her bottle. It was still a little more than a third full. he picked it up and lifted it to her lips, she licked the tip of the bottle neck playfully before mischievously wrapping her lips around it. Tom tipped it forward pouring more than she expected though no more than she could handle down her throat. 

"C'mon," he declared, "we can finish this upstairs" He took her by the hand and led her to the elevator. The moment the doors closed behind them, Tom pressed Daisy against the back wall and kissing her deeply.

He rarely smoked cigars or drank rum, indulging in either a few times a year and never together that Daisy could recall. As a result, her husband didn't quite taste or smell like his usual self. The sweet smokiness was rather pleasant and gave her the sensation of making out with a familiar stranger.

When they got to the room, Tom put up the Do Not Disturb Sign and locked the door. He took Daisy over to the window and wrapped his arms around her from behind nuzzling her neck and nibbling her ear.

"I know a secret." he said.

"What's that?"

"I know there's a little part of you..." his hand slid down her body and firmly squeezed between her legs, "that wishes you a were a whore."

Daisy gasped, unconsciously grinding back against him.

"Well, tonight," Tom ripped the front of Daisy's dress open and lifted her breasts out of their bra cups before pressing her against the window. "I'm going to give your inner slut exactly what she deserves."

Daisy moaned, her entire body shaking slightly.

"Don't get me wrong. You are mine and mine alone, but when I'm through with you, you're going to feel like you were at the center of a gangbang."

"Fuck yeah" she gasped.

He worked his hands to her breasts, massaging them gently at first. "You aren't exactly submissive in bed, my sweet. In part because you don't fear me." he continued working her one breast while letting his other hand to the back of her head. "Which is as it should be. Know that I would never harm you. but tonight..." he grasped and twisted a fistful of her hair and did the same to her nipple. "I will have no hesitation about hurting you."

Daisy quivered, grinding harder against him to convey her enthusiastic acquiescence. She had only glimpsed this side of her husband on occasion; generally when he was close to climax during their version of "rough" sex. Seeing him like this she couldn't believe how desperately she was aching to be fucked, to be used.

"I was going to start fucking you right away, but seeing as you wanted to be a defiant whore and leave your panties on, I can only assume you want your mouth used first. Now kneel. Show the city what a gifted fellatrix you are."

She had no problem dropping to her knees, they had been weak and trembling already. She unbuckled his belt and pulled out his cock with a deft enthusiasm that surprised and pleased them both.

Contrary to her normal timid technique, Daisy took his entire length in one go, gagging slightly and backing off to a more sustainable depth.

Tom growled and worked his fingers through her hair. Daisy could tell he was torn between enjoying her already vigorous pace or giving her an intense face fucking. She sucked more aggressively and he groaned with pleasure. 

A few moments of almost unbearable stimulation later, he quickly pulled her off, having to hold her head back as she went in to try and suck him again.

"You don't decide when I cum. I do." He pulled her to her feet and led her over to sofa, bending her over the arm and lifting her dress. "There's those fucking panties." he snarled before ripping them off and stuffing them in Daisy's mouth. She found herself sucking on them to more fully taste her own arousal.

Tom began spanking Daisy's bare ass. it was an action that usually proved awkward in the past, something she had more indulged for his benefit rather than truly experienced but tonight, with him taking such ownership of her body and her soaked panties shoved in her mouth, she found herself getting closer to orgasm with every swat and every muffled yelp.

Eventually Tom relented and gently ran his hands over her reddened ass before placing his hands on her hips and lining his achingly hard cock at her wet an enflamed pussy.

He thrust into her as deeply as he could, filling her completely and holding himself there without moving. Daisy wiggled and shifted trying to create some motion, but Tom held her firm. "I'm not going to fuck you just yet. I am just going to fill you as you should be filled, owning what is mine. Your cunt was made for this. For taking my cock however I choose to give it to you." He could feel her muscles spasming around him and heard her muffled moans.

"There will be plenty of time for fucking, but believe me when I say I'm going to make you—" he pulled his cock out and gave her ass another slap "—beg for it."

To Be Continued...