 "I want you to tie me up," she said.

We were sitting next to a mountain stream and just below us it fed into a crisp clear pond about six feet deep. The sun was beating down on us and it was getting rather warm. 

"I was just thinking we could go skinny dipping and then lie naked in the sun," I responded. I bent down and kissed her softly. "But if you want to be tied up I will tie you up. The problem is I don't have any rope."

She gave me a devilish grin and reached into her back pack and pulled out four red velvet lengths of rope. Then she pulled out a hammer and four long metal stakes. My jaw dropped. 

"Let's go swim naked first," She suggested. "Then you can tie me up and put some sun tan lotion on me." 

I agreed, but first I wanted to prepare the proper site. We had brought a very soft quilt to make love and sunbathe on. I found a nice flat sunny place right on the edge of the pond and laid out the quilt.

"I need to measure this, lie down for a moment, please," I told her. 

She obeyed immediately. Heather always looked beautiful but she was glowing with excitement and the look of her gave me an instant erection. She noticed and smiled. 

"Ok," I said," extend your limbs." I could not help but grin as she stretched out. I took measure of the soft ropes and pounded in the stakes tying a rope to each one. She started to get up, but I told her not to move. "Ok," she said.

"I want to unbutton your blouse as you lie there," I informed her.

She made a pleasant little noise deep in her throat. "I want to see if I can take off your clothes without touching your body with my hands, I like the challenge of it."

All she was wearing was a solid red blouse and bra, a pair of cut off jeans and I was guessing a pair of panties. It was not the physical challenge that was difficult but the emotional one. I asked her to lie still and slowly worked the buttons loose pulling her shirt slightly so I would not touch her. When I was done I laid her shirt open. 

Her breasts moved softly with her breathing under her black silk bra which was clasped in the front. This was a bit more difficult, but there was a small space between her right shoulder strap and her skin. I carefully slipped my finger under it and pulled up slightly as I slid it down under her cup and carefully under the clasp.

Using both hands I pulled toward the middle softly increasing her cleavage as I worked the clasp apart. Her breasts as ever were beautiful and her nipples were stiffening despite the warm air.

I felt a bit of semen on my leg. She always had this affect on me but I had a feeling today would be even more exciting than usual. I took her hands in mine and pulled her to her feet. (Her hands for our little game did not count.) 

I came behind her and deftly slipped her shirt off. As open as it was her bras was also easy. I loved her back and it was all I could do to keep my hands off of it. I bit my lip. 

Now it was time to take off her shorts. Her legs were silky smooth and...No, pay attention to the task at hand. I smiled up at her as a knelt before her. Her pink nipples from this vantage point looked even more aroused and I was not sure if it was the angle of my gaze or the circumstances. I really did not much care at this point.

I pulled the button on the front of her shorts toward me and with some difficultly unbuttoned them. I slowly pulled down her zipper which ran right over her clitoris and she shuddered a bit. 

I pulled on the belt loops on each hip and wriggled them down hoping they would pull her panties down with them. They didn't. This was a bit of a conundrum because her panties were skin tight. 

I brought her cut offs down to her ankles and she stepped out of them. I then turned and studied the problem. A delicious problem it was. Her hips made my penis twitch. Her panties were white, low riding, sexy as hell and tight.

"Don't move," I commanded her. "I said I would not touch you with my hands and I won't."

I moved my face in toward her crotch and deftly slipped my tongue under the edge of her panties briefly brushing her left lip. The taste of her made my head spin and her left knee buckled for a moment but she stayed strong for me and stood her ground. I pulled the crotch of her panties toward me with my tongue and caught the edge with my finger.

It was now a matter of getting the garment to slide down. I had to work my way from the front to the side and around to the back and gently pull as I went. I noticed they were getting wet. So was I.

When I got it down far enough there was enough room for me to get a finger hold in the crotch and a moment later she was naked. 

The next thing she knew I was naked too. I grabbed her hand and we ran into the pond. We swam around a bit but then I went to her and coaxed her over to a large rock near the center. We both held onto the rock with one hand and she let her body rise above mine with the buoyancy of the water. I followed suit and my naked body gently bounced against hers. My erection traced random lines on her stomach and our thighs caressed each other. Her breasts danced against my nipples. I was in heaven and she was grinning like a school girl.

"I want you to tie me up now, please."

"Yes ma'am," I said obediently.

We came out of the water and I bade her to lie down on her back. I took the velvet ropes and gently secured her wrists and ankles. She was spread eagle on the ground. I resisted a devilish impulse to tickle her until she peed herself. I grinned to myself but never told her why.

Her skin was wet and I sensed the air might be making her cold so I took my cotton undershirt and dried her as best I could. The sun would take care of the rest.

"I am worried," I told her. 

About what?" she asked. 

"That I might miss a spot and some tiny part of you will burn, I must be thorough," I said, as I took a finger tip of sun lotion and rubbed it down the bridge of her nose. I gently did her cheeks and every part of her face and then her ears. She was smiling with pleasure, this prisoner of love.

I oiled her neck with the lotion; she has such a nice neck.

"You know," I said. "I hear farmer Brown comes up here around this time of day to check on his property. Do you think he will like this sight?" She giggled.

I rubbed her shoulders and between her breasts. I rubbed on each side of her breasts. I did not touch her breasts. 

"Aren't you forgetting something?" she asked?

"What?" I asked innocently. 

"My tits, silly!" 

"No, I have not forgotten them. I can never forget them. I see them in my dreams. I see them at work." 

"NO! I mean you forgot to put lotion on them! Do you want them to burn?" 

I looked down at her, "No, I want you to burn, with passion

." She looked up at me and said huskily, "Oh, but I do."

I squeezed some suntan lotion onto my penis and then I straddled her. I rubbed my penis slowly all over her breasts taking special care to stroke the length of it along the edges of both of her nipples. I took her breasts in my hands and squeezed them together, my penis between them and slid up and down between them while she moaned with pleasure. The strokes were long at first but as I got more excited they shortened. Heather was bucking under me. 

I was afraid I would come too soon so I slowed down and worked the lotion into her stomach. I did her fine hips. I reached under her and ran my hands up and down her back. Then I grasped both her butt cheeks in my hands. I squeezed them and kneaded them.  

She felt good in my hands this beautiful woman who trusted me so deeply and who loved my touch so much. 

I rubbed the lotion up and down her legs in long gentle, teasing strokes. With each stroke I would come closer and closer to her vulva. It was visibly pulsating in the sun all red and swollen.

I finally rubbed the lotion over swollen lips but I tried to do it in such a way that it would not put her over the edge. Not yet. I had other plans.

I took care of her arms and her hands and feet. I looked at her to make sure I had missed nothing. I hadn't.

Then I bent down and almost imperceptibly kissed her forehead. I ran my lips which were soft and open right down the bridge of her nose. The lotion did not taste that good but I had a higher mission. I found her mouth and brought my lips to hers and slipped them gently across. 

Her tongue came out to greet me and I did my best to swallow it. I sucked on it moving my lips up and down on it. Then I slid my tongue deep inside her mouth. It was at this moment that I realized her left breast was in my hand. I was feeling its firmness and its hard nipple. It was a beautiful feeling. 

I wanted her so bad. My passion was welling up but I wanted to do some more before I slipped inside her for that inevitable wrestling match 

I rubbed my clean shaven face all over her breasts kissing them as the opportunities arose. She was moving a lot now and if Farmer Brown was anywhere near I am certain he would have heard her moans. 

I took her left nipple into my lips and I sucked. I sucked hard and opened my mouth and pulled as much of her breast in as physics and lust would allow. Then I slowly pulled back and let it slip out into the relatively cool air all pointy and proud. I did the same for her other breast.

I wanted my tongue between her legs. I moved down slowly kissing everything in my path. When I got to her hood I kissed it on the right side and then the left side. Then I took it in my lips and gently rubbed it up and down the length of her clitoris which was hard and standing tall. 

I licked its tip. Then I sucked it into my mouth and ran my tongue all over it. Heather strained against the ropes but to no avail. She was trapped in this prison of ecstasy with no way out. Her cries of passion were loud and unrelenting.

I moved down and kissed her lips and then I slid my tongue straight down inside them probing for her opening. When I found it I thrust my tongue deep inside. Thrusting as deeply as possible over and over again as if it was my penis (which at this point was leaking all over the place.) Her thighs strained to crush my ears together but were restrained by the ropes. After a while I came up for air, panting.

"I need your help," I gasped.

"What?" "I need you help," I repeated.

"Ok, what?" 

"I want you to guide me to your g spot," I said as I slid two fingers inside of her. 

"Oohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" she said. (She had been saying that a lot recently. Not that I minded.)

"Lower," she finally said. I rummaged around. It was dark in there despite the sunlight and my fingers were in the way anyway so I did not even bother to look with my eyes. 

My fingers however were up to the challenge probing everything looking for that elusive spot. Heather guided me and when I found it she came so hard I thought she would snap my hand off. Her hips went up and down so violently it shocked me. I squeezed her breasts together with my left hand. Then I slid my left index finger into her mouth. 

"Never mind, I think I found it."

She started to laugh but her orgasm cut it short. I was so full of lust and so hard I just had to get inside her. I got above her and bent down and kissed her deeply as my erection found its way between her lips and her waiting hot sheath. 

I have no idea how long I fucked her. But I fucked her brains out and came inside her in long hot spurts. The sweat and the lotion lubricated our bodies and made the sensation all the more titillating. After I came I still stroked inside her, my erection would not leave me right away and I wanted to make her cum one more time. She did and I could tell she was spent.

Quietly I removed the ropes and lay down beside her, took her in my arms and held her tight. When I woke up it was chilly and dark. I pulled the quilt around us and settled back down. 

I was about to drift off when Heather said, "My muscles ache from being strung out like that."

"Don't worry," I murmured. "Tomorrow I will give you a massage."

Then I drifted off to sleep.