 Daisy felt conflicted. Tom telling her she was going to beg to be fucked would normally sound ridiculous. She wasn't some cock-crazed bimbo like the characters in a porn video. At the same time, she heard herself let out an involuntary whimper of disappointment when he withdrew from inside of her.

He led her over to the bed, took her torn panties out of her mouth and kissed her deeply while toying with her nipples before giving them a rougher final twist and shoving her on the bed.

He removed the rest of his clothes, leaving her in the tattered remains of her dress, and started crawling up between her legs, kissing and nibbling her thighs as he went. When he at last arrived at pussy, he continued his merciless teasing, biting her at the point where her leg met her pelvis just to the right of her aching cunt, breathing hot heavy air on her eager hole as he passed over it to bite the other side.

He delighted in both the aroused moans and the frustrated whimpers these elicited from her.

He began licking her gently at first, light strokes on her clit and vulva. He continued working her pussy building up the pressure and breadth of the strokes, occasionally probing inside of her with his tongue before withdrawing to suck on her clit. Her legs wrapped around his shoulders and back, she started to weave her fingers through his hair holding him and guiding him as much as he would allow.

As her orgasm began to build, the waves of pleasure growing higher with each surge, Tom grabbed Daisy's wrists and pinned her arms out to either side. She had forgotten how strong Tom could be. A part of her realized that she truly couldn't move. She was at the mercy of Tom and his dexterous and ever more assertive tongue. 

That thought of helplessness paired with an intense wave of rapid stimulation on her clit finally sent her over the edge. She convulsed in pleasure, her back arching, her legs tightening. She could not remember the last time she had come so hard. She tried to pull away from Tom's attentions. Normally, after orgasm Daisy was so hypersensitive that her climax would mark an end to the evening's festivities.

Not tonight.

Tom continued his licking and probing, very gently now, ever mindful of her heightened sensitivity. He continued stimulating her swollen lips, probing her soaking wet cunt, hitting her clit with only the lightest touch of the tongue or concentrated breath of hot air. He was easing her back into the build up. Daisy started to wriggle and struggle a little bit more. She was never really multiorgasmic and after the intensity of her first orgasm, she wasn't sure if she could handle another.

Her whimpering soon turned to moans, which turned to animalisitic whines and half screams barely squeezing out of her throat. Every sense was effected, the tactile experience of her body spreading out into blurred vision, a high white noise filled her ears, her breathing was jagged and harsh on the brink of hyperventilating.

Just as she was about to crest what she could feel was the final peak Tom lifted his head, rose up between her legs and placed the tip of his cock just at the very edge of her pussy, her vulva lips gently wrapped around him while internally every muscle and nerve ending was screaming for him to drive himself into her.

"Beg." he said.

"Please..." Daisy whimpered.

Tom took both her wrists in one hand, pinned them above her head. The other hand he wrapped gently but firmly around her throat. "Beg like you need it. Beg like the whore you are."

The floodgates opened as torrent of pleading poured forth from her with scarcely a break between the words. "Fuck me. Fuck me. Use me. Use me. fuckmefuckmefuck me. Use your little whore."

In the midst of her litany of pleas, Tom drove himself into her as hard and as deep as he could. Daisy let out a scream of true ecstasy. She instinctively bit into Tom's shoulder trying to muffle the carnal sounds escaping her throat with every thrust.

Her vision went white and Daisy feared she would pass out. She couldn't tell if she was having one massive extended orgasm or dozens of tiny ones back to back. There were no peaks or valleys, just a constant undulation of sensation. 

Tom was likewise unhinged hammering into her with utter abandon. He grasped the sides of her dress and used them as handles pulling her towards him with every thrust. A steady stream of dirty talk poured from his lips as he could feel his own orgasm building.

"Look at how wide you're spreading your legs for me! You love being my whore, don't you? Having your body used like the fuck toy it is? I'm going to cum all over you, and you're going to wear it like a slut."

The filthy idea sent her over the edge. Daisy cried out, "Yes! Do it. Mark your whore! Cum on my tits! Cum on my face!"

Her raunchy entreaties drove him wild. A couple of hard violent thrusts later, Tom frantically pulled out and pointed his glistening cock at his thoroughly fucked and disheveled wife. He had been edging himself for a week in anticipation of this night, and a shocking amount of cum landed on Daisy's belly, breasts, and face.

Daisy felt a tiny tremble of pleasure in the pit of her stomach as she was splattered with Tom's seed. She had never felt so unabashedly sexual in her life. There was something liberating in being a piece of well used fuck meat. Her insecurities about her body had melted away. She had a talented mouth, a magnificent hole between her legs; who cared about a few extra pounds? Her whole body was a tool for shared pleasure; hers and his. Her skin a canvas for him to paint on.

Lost in reverie, she languidly went to wipe some of the cum from her breast. Tom wagged a finger at her. "Now, now. I said you were going to wear it."

Daisy shifted gears instantly, she looked at him coyly. "Seems such a waste," she said, raising her fingers to her lips and sucking the cum off of them. 

Watching her do so, Tom could already feel himself stirring back to life. "Don't get too comfy," he said. Tom repositioned Daisy so that she lay on her back across the width of the bed with her head hanging over the side. He went to his overnight bag and came back with a small vibrator.

Daisy let out a gasp as he inserted into her soaking wet pussy and turned it to a low humming setting. He then came to stand in front of her head. "If you drop that, I might have to find someplace tighter to put it. Now suck me. I plan on fucking you at least twice more before sunrise." 

Trying to focus though waves of sensation coming from the vibrator, Daisy happily complied.

To be continued...