 The warm glow from dozens of candles dances off of our naked bodies, enhancing the sensuality of the situation. Of course, I can't see anything since you drew the blindfold over my eyes. Add to that the ropes around my wrists, securing my hands behind me, and your instructions that I not move, nor make a sound, and I have been reduced to little more than a statue. But my ears still work, and I can hear you moving around the room. As you slowly circle around me, you randomly reach out and touch me. A touch of my arm. A caress of my butt. You rake your new nails down my chest.

Finally, after what seems like hours of agonizing pleasure-torture, you move up behind me and dig both of your hands into my scalp, massaging and moving around the top of my head before you slowly start moving down my neck. Your fingers dance playfully down my neck and onto my back, bringing forth a symphony of moans and sighs dragged up from the deepest core of my being.

Your press your beautiful breasts into my back as you reach your arms around the front, dragging your nails across my sides and making me twitch and jump in ecstasy at your touch. Your hands rake across my chest as you grab my nipples and twist and tug on them, bringing even more excited cries from my lips.

After an eternity, and at the same time, all too soon, you move your hands down my front while your breasts drag down my back as you move slowly, yet steadily toward the floor.

My expectations are dashed, however, as you bypass my throbbing manhood and continue down my legs, your rock hard nipples dragging across my buttocks.

Once you reach the tips of my toes with your lively fingernails, you agonizingly repeat your journey in reverse, only this time, you have moved around in front of me, and you're dragging your nails across the backs of my calves as you start back upward.

I can feel your hot breath, nearly as ragged as my own, on my manhood, yet again I am denied the pleasure of your touch. As you move onward and upward. This time dragging your nails across the back side of my body as your breasts drag across my front.

When your hands finally reach my butt, you seem to stop for a while as your hands move in slow little circles, nails dragging pleasingly across my flesh when, without warning, you take your hands away, and I can feel you moving away a little. And then, finally, I feel your touch on my manhood as you envelope it in between your glorious tits. You start slowly pumping me in and out of your cleavage and I can hear your breathing increase to a tempo that matches my own as you drive me closer and closer to release. Then, just as quickly as you started, you stop, and I whimper with the loss of sensation. The loss of your touch.

Reaching around me, I feel you release my bonds, followed up by your nails dragging back up my front and, when you finally reach my face, you grab my neck and bring me down to you where our lips meet in a passionate embrace.

Unable to obey my instructions any longer, I move my hands around you and pull you close as our lips meet.

I start moving you closer toward the bed when you stop me and, removing my blindfold, quietly inform me, "It's not time for that. Not yet. I still want a show."

"But I thought--" I start.

"You thought wrong, dear. You made a bet, and you lost. So now, you have to do whatever I say for the next six hours. As we agreed."

You instruct me to stay where I am standing as you crawl onto the bed. Once you reach the top, you turn over and sit like the regal beauty that you are. Picking up your favorite 'scepter' you point it at me and tell me to start stroking myself.

I start slowly for you, my queen on high. Softly stroking my shaft from the base to the tip, applying only feather touches at first. You respond in kind, as you start playing with yourself, your hand lazily tracing the outer folds of your beautiful pussy. As my stroking increases in tempo, you mirror my actions on yourself, and before long you are plunging your vibe into your steaming box as you match my every stroke, until we are each pleasing ourselves at the same time that we are pleasing each other. Fucking each other without actually touching.

In our heightened state of arousal, neither one of us last long, and you bring yourself to orgasm just as the first streams of jism shot from the purpled head of my dick.

Somehow, I manage to stay standing on my shaky legs, and my cock, while softening, isn't shrinking down to it's normal size.

"Come here," you beckon. "You've caused me to make a mess of myself. Clean me, and perhaps I will teach you something new."

Grinning, I start my crawl up the bed toward my Goddess.

~End

(for now)