 The sexy little body beneath me went limp as I pounded into it. Sweet Casey, God I couldn't remember ever being in a pussy this tight before. It was fucking heaven. I dug my fingers tighter into her huge firm tits yanking her back onto my steel hard dick. I could feel the tip of my cock bottoming out against her cervix and I still wasn't in far enough, I wanted to crawl up inside of her. 

My orgasm had hit me like a freight train grabbing me up through my balls into my gut. I could feel that shit in my head as my eyes rolled back and the biggest wad of cum I had ever produced was sucked out of me by her tiny little pussy. My hips pounded away as I continued to shoot my load into her until my orgasm finally faded away. 

I slowed into a choppy rocking motion as my dick randomly twitched. I didn't want the sex to end. I wanted to keep going riding her all night, but after three orgasm I knew I was going to have to give it a rest. I peeled my fingers away from her breasts. Casey was no doubt going to have bruises in the shape of my fingers from the way I grabbed and clawed her tonight. Her breasts were amazing and I couldn't wait to get those beautiful satin globes back into my mouth and maybe even have my dick in between them. 

I fell to the side of her and rested my arm across my forehead as my eyes looked toward the ceiling fan. Holy shit, I hadn't fucked like that since High School. What in the hell was I thinking having sex with my daughters best friend? Oh yeah I wasn't and that was the problem. I had freaking lost it after hearing my wife had left without even giving me a heads up or saying goodbye. I knew she had been fucking her client for the past year, I didn't have the proof yet, but I had someone working on getting it. 

I hadn't intended on acting on the attraction and flirting between Casey and I, but when I looked up and saw her standing there staring at me with those big innocent eyes wearing that skimpy little bikini, I just had to take her. This was a big cluster fuck of a complication that I didn't need right now. 

I looked down to see her beautiful round ass and leaned over to knead it like it was a ball of fresh dough. I wanted to take her ass just like I took her virgin pussy. Popping her cherry had been such a turn on, knowing that I was the first and only man to her be inside her. I spread her cheeks looking between her legs at that tight little rose bud. My cum tinged with blood was oozing out of her pussy and covered the inside of her thighs. 

God I had taken her so hard and the best part was she was into it as much as I was. I battled with myself on taking her again right then while she slept, but I decided to clean up and try and get some much needed sleep instead.

The next morning I woke with a raging hard on tucked nicely into the crease of Casey's ass. I pulled her into me and reached around to start strumming her clit. Seconds later she was pushing back into me and that was all the invitation I needed. She was so wet that I slid right in and we moaned together. 

"You feel so good Casey. I could cum right now you're so hot and tight." 

I moved her soft hair out of the way with my chin and kissed her shoulder as I continued to strum her clit with one hand. 

"Are you going to cum on my dick baby girl? Come on baby, I want to feel you gush all that sweet cream on me." 

Our pace began to quicken. The sound of our sweaty bodies slapping against each other got louder and louder. I bit down lightly onto her shoulder and pinched her clit. Casey screamed my name. 

"Yes Mark! Yes!" 

Fuck! The sound of her cumming drove me nuts, any little sound she made had me wanting to move harder and deeper. 

I grabbed her waist preparing to pound into her when she bounced that pretty little ass right back into my hips and plans changed. I pulled out in the middle of her orgasm, my cock slick with her thick clear juice. Reaching between her legs I stuck my index and middle fingers deep inside her. 

"Oh god Mark!" she groaned. 

I scooped out a nice amount of cream and spread it back all over the rim of her pink rosebud before easing my index finger inside her ass. 

Casey's back bowed up and her head flew back as she screamed towards the ceiling. Fuck this slow shit. I yanked my fingers out and grabbed her waist with both hands bringing her ass toward my straining cock, guiding it until the tip of my dick was pressed up against her virgin ass hole. 

"Oh God I can't Mark, I can't Mark. I can't take it. It's to big wait, please Mr. Welston. Please wait!" 

I ignored her pleading and forced the head through her tight ring. Casey went nuts screaming and thrashing on the bed. 

"Oh God it hurts!" She yelled.

A loud smack echoed in the room as I slapped the hell out of her ass. Her screaming turned to whimpers. 

"I've got you baby, just calm down." 

I whispered to her while I gently rubbed my hands over her cheeks and up her back. My hands found their way back to her hips and I tilted my hips up as I pulled her the rest of the way back seating my dick all the way in her luscious ass. 

Bending forward I slid my right hand around to play with her clit. Her whimpers turned into deep moans and sure enough she started swirling her damn hips and clenching down on my dick. 

"Mark fuck me please. I'm ready. It feels so full. I want to feel you move ok?" 

I squeezed her hips and gave her shoulder a little nip before straightening up and pulling my dick almost all the way out. 

"Oh god yes, fuck my ass." 

That was when my control snapped and I pushed hard back into her. 

"Fuck baby your ass feels so good. I'm going to fuck you until you can't walk. You hear me little girl."

I rolled my hips faster and faster working her ass as she screamed her head off. 

"I'm fucking your little virgin ass. You've been twitching this thing at me, teasing me. Do you know how long I've wanted to bend you over and fuck this ass? Do you?" 

I reached back and let loose another hard smack on the center of her right ass cheek. 

"Oh Yes! I'm going to cum, I'm cumming." 

My daughter's best friend yelled as her ass muscles clamped down on me like a vise. My cum snuck up out of my balls and shot out like a rocket. 

"Oh fuck Oh fuck." 

We both chanted together as we came. I sat back on my haunches letting the pulses roll through me while I came deep in Casey's ass. 

When I could open my eyes again, I looked down at Casey and ran my hands all over her young beautiful body. 

"I need a shower" She groaned "and maybe new legs." 

I couldn't help laughing. God she was so adorable. One of the things that attracted me the most to her was how light hearted she was and how I could never tell what was going to come out of her mouth.

"Do you want to shower together Casey?" 

"Yes Mr. Welston, if you carry me," she gave a light giggle.

I playfully smacked her ass before getting up to go turn on the shower.