 It's a clear sunny day with a nice cool breeze from the north. We take a drive along the coast, to start the day after breakfast, and we're both in a naughty, very mischievous kind of mood.

You've worn a silky soft skirt, and since you've purposely remained naked underneath, you slowly and teasingly hike up, and at my request you flash me and play with that delicious rosebud in front of me as we travel.

As I take pains to watch both you and the road, I lift your blouse and caress your ample breasts, and lightly pinch your nipples and trail my fingertips over the outer curves. I make certain to maintain a discreet distance between us and the other vehicles, as you spread and arch your freshly glistening little flower out for pleasure as you tease it up while I play with your sexy tits.

After a many long minutes and miles of this, I tell you to open my pants and take out my swollen cock. You flash me a lascivious look as you begin do it, and you stroke it very lightly as it stiffens further. I tense a little in my seat as you get me hotter and hotter, and as I break a slight sweat, you bend down to lick the pre-cum just beginning to show at the tip. As you turn toward me in your seat, I reach down I finger your soaking little slit first teasingly and then gradually more deeply, and then slip all the way out to jill your clit, getting you closer and closer to cumming, but not letting you actually get there until we can stop someplace discreet.

When we do finally stop and park a little ways off the highway under some lush trees, I roll on a condom and you eagerly straddle my cock and glide the folds your slick little pussy up and down the underside of its hard length, feeling every inch as it rubs against your slippery little petals, and then moving so extra slow as your little button slips over my glistening pink head. I run my tongue in circles over your swollen nipples and suckle at them - first one and then the other - gentle and firm, feeling them up nicely as you graze your honeyed lily over my shaft.

Then as the distant traffic rushes past, you slide your opening gradually down onto my heated length and let it impale that luscious little belly of yours as you diddle that wet little clit in front of me, and I feel up your tits and bend forward to lick your nipples with a fast flicking tongue and roll them between my thumbs and forefingers. Then you press that puffy little mound down and grind your hard pink little nub into my pelvic bone, arching your back and rubbing into me.

Neither of us are able to hold off for long, and I feel your sex clenching down on my plunging cockshaft as you squirt a little hot clear girl-cum between us, and my whiteness streams in gushes deep within your writhing belly.

We lay against each other in a warm afterglow, and we feel each other's skin slick with sweat as we relax in each other's bodies. Then I open my window to let the cool morning air in, refreshing us for another sweet encounter farther up the road.

I want that scrumptiously wet little slit cumming hard and sweet as often as I can give you that delicious pleasure.

Later on that night we're invited to a five-hour wedding cruise.

We've been sitting in the car in the parking lot kissing and touching, having arrived earlier in the evening - not knowing the travel time or the traffic on the route to the harbor, and not wanting to be late.

Now as we board, we're holding each other close and my hand moves heavily to trace the contours of your waist and your hips as your fingertips run gently over the muscles of my back. Upon crossing from the gangplank to the deck, you discreetly draw a quick line across the top of my butt cheek with your fingernails.

The youthful crowd gathers in the main cabin for the ceremony, now adroitly performed by the gentlemanly old captain. The rites proceed with a number of touching modifications to tradition; notably the bride and groom read aloud from small scrolls their personally crafted vows evidencing both romantic and erotic overtones.

The buoyant reception celebration begins with several clever and heartfelt toasts from those closest to the happy couple, and a light but delicious meal is served.

A little later, we're encouraged by the champagne and the warmth of the cabin to seek a little of the night air, and the water is smooth and glassy as it passes around the hull beneath the moon in the cool of the evening. The blue-white of the moonlight is enhanced by the yellowish twinkle of the delicate party lights braided though the rigging.

Touring the deck of the eighty-foot ship, we pass several other couples embracing and whispering quietly to each other, and we then find ourselves quite alone a little way from the bow on the starboard side. We turn toward each other and enjoy a long, champagne flavored kiss, our tongues playing sensuously as we feel each other's growing warmth through our clothing.

We walk a bit further and notice a comfortable booth in a sheltered alcove facing the water and the city lights in the distance, and we sit and hold each other close and share slow caresses. As we touch and our passion gradually builds, I reach beneath your long flowing gown and explore the curves of your sexy thighs and your shapely hips, with each pass gradually nearing your hungry cleft.

You allow a naughty smile to frame your lips and you lean to look both ways along the railing before opening the folds at the front of your gown and revealing your naked breasts to me for a moment and then deftly removing your panties and handing them to me beneath the table - whereupon I quickly stow them in my breastpocket. I then brush aside the cloth of the front of your gown again and bend and taste each of your nipples as I move beneath the lower cloth with my other hand to touch your sweet musky sex, and I find you're eagerly wet to the touch.

You move your fingers over my thighs and press against my firm swelling, feeling its heat through the wool and silk. I guide your thighs open beneath your gown and part your wetness with my fingertips, and then slide two of my fingers slowly all the way deep up into your slick tightness, and touch my thumb gently against your wet little button rubbing slowly from side to side. With the fingers of my other hand entwined in the hair at the back of your head, I pull your mouth onto my tongue. You let forth an urgent sigh of pleasure and begin to work to loose my shaft behind the floor-length tablecloth.

As my fingers slip gently in and out of you, and you softly stroke the length of my bare cock with very slow caressing passes up and down from the head to the curls, we are briefly interrupted by a muffled giggle.

We lean a little forward over the table and turn to see another couple leaning against the railing some distance away further aft. They are kissing and touching each other passionately and they are obviously quite unaware of our presence.

Secure in the knowledge that any further interruption of our sweet play will likely follow the warning of conversation from their quarter, we begin to pursue each other's pleasure more ardently. You drape your skirt heavily over my nakedness as you drop my trousers past my knees and lower your warm naked thigh across my legs.

I sit you on the table and part your thighs as you lean back and watch me as I descend to graze my lips across your hot blossom and begin to taste your sweet nectar with soft slow strokes of the wet flat of my tongue.

Then I flick the tip light and fast just under your swollen button, and alternate between that and little soft bites over your mons and long heavy licks from the very bottom to the very top of your slick little pussy - then building to the point where I'm utterly devouring you, with heavy tongue-fucking and sucking that yummy clit - then returning to teasing licks and nibbles. In this way I soon have you trembling and frothy, and very hungry to feel my swollen cock up in you.

Inflamed with my own hunger to feel myself plunging inside you, I then guide you to straddle me in the space behind the table. You notice that I've properly sheathed my cock as I licked you, and as you lower yourself over me, I tease the head of my prick over the blazing and soaked folds of your womanhood, and as I enter the depths of your lusciously hot, slick sex, I part the cloth at the front of your gown once more and lick a long and slow path between your breasts as I feel them up firmly and roll your puffy nipples between my fingers.

We take turns between your rising and falling over my cock and my thrusting up into your warm wetness, as our tongues lick playfully at each other. Our lust grows hotter and builds to its peak as you throw your head back and then forward again with each stroke of your body.

Your mouth drops open and your tongue lays lax and full against your lower lip, and your heavy breath quietly escapes unhindered as you begin to shudder and quiver with ecstasy, and you brace yourself with your trembling hands gripping my shoulders. As you wriggle down onto me, your scrumptious tunnel convulsively clenching again and again around my prick as you grind heavily against me with your sex-hardened nub, your flowing juice spreads over my balls and you feel my body tense and flex as my heated seed spurts and spills deep within your writhing belly.

Your mouth finds mine as your eyes roll forward to look out beneath your heavy lids, and you see mine opening dreamily regarding you with a sated glaze. Our breath slowly calms, and we take a brief moment to ensure we have remained unobserved. Our secret is safe, and our unknowing guards are preparing to leave as we carefully make ourselves presentable and rise to rejoin the festivities.

We join the gathering in the pleasant warmth of the cabin, and as we sit down close together to a nice cup of tea, I can feel you tightly crossing your legs beneath the table, and I can see your eyes glaze slightly as you thoroughly enjoy the persistent glow in your secretly slippery folds as our juices mingle between your closed thighs.

I lean in to whisper quietly into your ear, telling you to keep that up until we disembark, because I'm not anywhere near done with you yet. I follow that suggestion with a quick sharp nibble at the back of your neck.