 My first story. Please enjoy.

*

I shivered as his hands traced a slow and lazy path over my naked body. I had been lying in the bed with my arms clasped tightly above me for what seemed like an hour as he had stroked and touched and pinched my body. His fingers had roamed from my ears and face, down the hollows of my throat, stopping lightly to press on my windpipe, cutting off my breath for a short, exciting moment. He held tightly until I couldn't resist struggling just a little as a tiny thread of panic threatened to overwhelm me. Finally, I had to toss my head sharply to the side, and he released me, his hands continuing their downward path as though they had never been interrupted. 

My nipples were already hard and erect and his fingers slowly and surely traced circles around them, not touching, teasing. I let out a pleading cry as I pushed my breasts up into his waiting hands, willing him to touch me, to hurt me. He obliged to me by slowly pinching one nipple, squeezing just a bit too tight, and then loving it with his tongue. I shuddered, feeling it all the way down to my clit. My body shifted on the bed, the chain holding my arms in place jingled obligingly. 

His hands left my breasts and roamed further, running down my stomach with a light feathery touch bringing my body to a tingling peak. I felt his hands run down my thighs. I shifted again, whimpering, growing impatient, and with that movement I felt his hands clamp down hard on my legs, squeezing, hurting, holding me still. 

"Shhhhhh," he whispered , his fingers pressed tight into my flesh, it made me want to writhe, or kick, but I didn't dare to try. Not yet. With a slow sure movement, he slid his hands to grip the insides of my thighs, and pressed them outwards, spreading my legs wider and wider until I felt the muscles strain to their limit and I couldn't possibly open them more. He held me there, legs as wide open as they could go, exposed to him as he stared at me. 

One hand slid higher, and lightly ran along the length of my slit. I was wet and trembling. Waiting for whatever pleasure or pain he wanted to give me. 

Carefully, he slid one finger deep into my cunt again, curving it to caress the walls inside of my body. "You like that baby?" he whispered to me as his fingers started slow circles inside me, I murmured my consent as I settled into his stroking. "I like to feel you like this, all tight and wet. You like it." he said, this time it wasn't a question. I shifted my hips as he continued to stroke me. 

He slid another finger inside me, this one going in easier since I had already been worked, but it was still tight. I squirmed, and he smiled. "Yeah... you like that." And with no further play, he shoved another finger to join the other two, it hurt, felt like he was splitting my inside. I let out a short cry that turned into a moan as he pushed his hand hard up against my cunt, twisting his fingers in slow quick circles. "See how I work your cunt? It's mine to do with as I please. I will violate you, if it pleases me," he snarled. He fucked my cunt hard with his fist but sensuously stroked my clit. Even though I trusted him and loved the feeling I begged him over and over. I needed release. My body shuddered and shivered uncontrollably. I was gonna spasm violently if he kept it up. He spanked my clit merciless.

As he worked me, his other hand came down sharply, slapping my thigh. I jumped, and that small move ground my body closer to his talented fingers and hand. Instinctively, I pulled away from the invasion, causing him to spank me again, harder. I cried out. His hands stopped their work on my cunt and pulled out of me entirely with a soft pop, it left me feeling empty, aching for his touch again, I felt like I'd brought it on myself, like I'd been bad. I reveled in the feeling. He rose up over me as I writhed. 

My legs were still wide open and I felt him, hard and hot as he came into contact with my body. He crawled over me, his legs on each side of me settling down and sitting on my chest. I had trouble breathing, but noticing that, he didn't rise up, but just gave me a second to get used to the pressure. 

I could see his cock in front of my face, almost there but, not quite ready for me. He grabbed my hair in the front. "You have some work to do." He said as he pulled my head up to meet him. I turned my face to run my lips along the side of him, licking lightly. He gripped my head with both hands though, centering me, showing me what he wanted. Slowly, achingly slowly, showing the care that he'd shown my nipples, I wrapped my lips around the head of his cock. 

I slid my mouth down, massaging him with my tongue as I sucked him in. He moaned low in his chest and the sound encouraged me, inspired me, as I knew that he had meant it to. I started to suck him harder. 

He began to give me short, low thrusts into my mouth as I sucked him, wanting him to go deeper, harder into my throat, but unable to tell him. I made small moaning noises as I sucked him, my hands still held tight by the chains above my head. He started to thrust more deeply, more slowly, he was growing larger and larger as it went on.

I wished for the use of my hands. I knew that I could tantalize and taste him for a long time as he fucked my mouth when I was able to hold him in my hands, but tonight I was just a willing mouth, just a hole in my body for him to use and fuck. He moved faster in his thrusts and I wondered if he was just going to cum in my mouth, leaving me to finish myself off while he watched later on. He went deeper until I started to choke, not able to breathe around his impressive cock as it touched the back of my throat as he thrust and I started to see stars. Finally, he stopped, pulling out of me. 

He slid down my body again, stopping to torture my nipples for a while longer licking, stroking, sucking until I thought that I might go mad. I bucked against him, wanting him to get on with it, to get to where I wanted him. He bit down my nipple making me scream for the first time tonight, then pulled himself up and knelt above me before his hand came down lightening quick, slapping me hard across the face. I felt the delicious rush of pain and disorientation right before he struck me again. He grabbed my chin and brought his mouth close to mine. "Be good bitch. Or I'll hurt your pretty little cunt more than I already plan to," he said ending in a hot, sloppy kiss. I nodded and whimpered as his hand pinched my already sore nipple. I kept my teeth clenched shut but couldn't stop the noise of pain and pleasure that escaped me. He smiled, then slapped me once more, hard enough to send my had rocking, before heading back down my body. I was tingling with pleasure. 

I was already aching when he pulled my legs apart again, shoving them wide and exposing my cunt to his view. He stroked me. I was still wet, still trembling with want for him. He slapped my cunt then rubbed it while I squealed and bathed in the sharp contrast of feelings. 

"Beg me." He told me. And while sometimes I would think to tease him, to defy him until he had me beaten and bruised, pinned the floor, begging him to fuck me, tonight I had been teased to long. I raised my hips to offer myself to him. 

"Please.: I whispered. He slapped my cunt again. "Please, what?" He said. His voice rough and unsteady with his own lust.

"Please fuck me, please, please, please, fuck me hard." He moaned a little, rose up above my body, taking my legs and draping them over his shoulders. I felt his cock pressing tight against my cunt, pushing in slowly. I was tight, but so wet. "Please, harder. Please, Please." I couldn't stand that he was taking so much care with this, not when what I wanted was to be fucked hard, pounded into the bed until I felt bruised all over. But he ignored me, pressing his body into me, inch by slow inch. Teasing me.

I begged until he clamped one hand over my mouth and nose, cutting off my voice and my breath. I struggled, but he held me until I felt a light buzzing in my head. The sensation of him pressing deep into my cunt was magnified as the blood left my brain. I was getting dizzy, and the second I stopped struggling, he released me. I gasped for breath as he pushed himself that last inch home, then he stopped, his head back, reveling in the sensation of being completely inside me. 

"Please." I whispered, when I had my breath back. My cunt was begging for punishment. I felt like I would do anything to make him move. 

Suddenly, he pulled back, nearly out of me and then slammed himself back in. I shrieked and yanked on the bindings holding my arms, wanting to scrape my nails down his back, claw at him, slap him, anything to make him want to punish me harder. 

He started thrusting into me in earnest then, almost pulling completely out of my body before slamming himself back in with increasing speed and strength. He drew his body up so he was kneeling above me, bending my body almost double as he hammered into me, harder and harder. I felt pressure building inside me and cried out below him as the first wave of my orgasm took me. He felt it, and slowed for a moment before thrusting sharp and deep inside me. I shrieked below him, trying to sink my teeth into his shoulder, but he kept himself out of reach, still thrusting, fucking me hard as I spasmed around him. I came hard.

His face was a mask of pleasure as he fucked me, I moaned and cried beneath him as he thrust his cock into my cunt like it was never going to end. My body ached and cried for him to release me, to let me move, to make him stop. I couldn't stand the teasing anymore. I begged him to come, to come inside me and stop. He let go of one of my legs and slapped me again, my head jerked painfully far with the force of his strike. "Shut up bitch. I'm done when I'm done." And returned to his fucking with full force. I was slammed into the bed with each movement, my cunt sucked hard on his cock as he drove into me with increasing speed. 

Finally, with a moan of his own, he shoved hard and deep inside me, forcing my body to fold on itself, hurting me, delighting me. He made this sweet little sound that let's me know he is close. His body shook as he came hard, shoving into me sharply one more time, jarring my sore and quivering cunt making me cry out below him. 

He collapsed on top of me, weighing me down with his body, sweat soaking both of us. It was uncomfortable but somehow pleasant. He rose up, finally finished, and rolled off my body, trailing his hands across my stomach, then up to my hands where he released the chains. 

As soon as I was free, I curled my sore, bruised body so it touch his as he stroked me. Running his finger down my red and bruising cheek. "I'm sorry," he whispered kissing me slow and soft. Running his hands through my hair. "I love you," he mused. And then we asleep to prepare for tomorrow's play.