 It was a dismal snowy day at Frankfurt airport on the last Friday before Christmas. Snow the previous day had forced management to close the airport and cancel flights deemed unnecessary. Francesca was a victim of the chaos and she sighed loudly as she sat by her departure gate. Having missed her flight in the scramble to check baggage in, she had been relieved to be on standby for the next flight, until she realised she was one of 160, with 25 seats currently free. She silently prayed for a miracle as she noticed a pilot approaching the unhappy passengers. She noticed the captain straight away, smiling despite the disaster around him. She noticed him glance at her and felt herself blush. She was far from unattractive, but after 15 hours on the road she felt far from her best. She flicked her long black hair and smiled back, her blue eyes sparkly despite her tiredness. She watched the captain approach the desk and looked at his body through his trousers. She guessed him at least ten years older than her and she grinned. She knew it had been a while since her last time but she felt almost dirty for leering so obviously at this stranger. She decided to join the queue and see if there was any hope at all. 

Michael had also had a long day. After three overnight stays he was looking forward to sleeping in his own bed. He'd seen chaos at airports before, but not like this, and not as a passenger. He knew he was confirmed on the flight, but had to collect his boarding pass from the gate. He'd noticed the girl with dark hair sitting alone and felt a sudden attraction. Looking young, he guessed in her mid twenties, she was far from a supermodel, but there was something about her eyes, her hair, the slightly vulnerable look on her face. He felt his cock harden a little. God he was desperate, but while his mates were happy to have one night stands with anyone, Michael was rather more discerning. No, only those worthy would get his cock. Though with the way he felt his cock throbbing now, he may need to change that, he thought to himself. 

Francesca approached the desk and smiled at Michael again. Passengers were being taken off the flight as the standby list decreased. Not fast enough as Francesca was 80 of 160. As she walked into the crowd she screamed as an angry woman nudged her hard in the back. Trying to save herself from falling her hands found Michael's leg as she collided with him from the side, her handbag dropping as she fell. 

'Ooh careful!' Michael smiled as his strong hands broke her fall. 'Are you okay?' He asked as he bent to pick up her handbag. 

Francesca nodded and felt tears start to fill her eyes. After hours of holding it together she felt herself crumbling. She tried to resolve herself quickly though her attempts to mask her tears, but failed as Michael touched her hand. 'Hey, are you okay?'

'Sorry.' She said quietly. Nervously laughing as she noticed his dark brown eyes. 'I'm just so tired and all I want is to go home'. She laughed again. 'I mean so do all of these people, but I've been working away for weeks and just want some home comforts. It's been such a bad day!'

Michael smiled apologetically and noticed just how pretty she was close up, her skin flawless and radiant, her lips glossy but natural. He knew he could help her get home and suddenly his loins took over. 

'Show me your boarding pass.' He said as he took his from the increasingly stressed attendant. Francesca was confused but handed it over, noticing Captain Michael's name badge. Michael leant close to the attendant and whispered while pointing at her boarding pass. The attendant nodded and produced another boarding pass. Francesca froze on the spot as she realised she had got a seat. Michael smiled at her

'But how..?' She asked, her eyes searching Michael. He felt his cock harden as he looked up her body. Her breasts looked bigger than exes he'd had. The thought of playing with them excited him even more. 

'Trick of the trade! Where are you sitting?' He peered at her card. 'Oh 5F? Next to me!' He smiled as he showed her his card. 'Come on we should get out of here. This will be going on a while yet'

Overcome by the shock of finally going home, Francesca followed Michael as he surrendered his boarding pass and walked down the stairs to the transfer bus. They found seats at the back as passengers congratulated each other, relieved to be heading home.  

'I can't believe I'm finally going home! How can I thank you? Francesca said, her face brighter and more animated. 

Michael knew how she would reward him, but decided to keep it to himself.  For now. Instead he beamed at her and insisted it was no big deal. 

They sat quietly for a moment and Michael peered down Francesca's low cut dress, admiring the smooth round breasts encased in a black lace bra. He was going to enjoy exploring them later. His eyes looked down to her legs, sheathed in thick black tights. They would have to go, he'd tear them off if need be. 

Francesca was so relieved and excited about going home, she thought she had caught Michael's eyes on her breasts and was sure he was interested as he looked at her legs. She smiled and held his gaze in hers for a few moments, feeling her clit throb momentarily at the thought of this sexy pilot fancying her. 

Michael's plan was working and faster than he first thought, knowing his way was clear he let his thigh press against Francesca's slightly and saw her eyes widen in excitement. 

The sudden movement of the now packed bus moving off interrupted their thoughts as the passengers were transported to the waiting aircraft. Michael led Francesca up the steps and to her seat by the window, placing her bag and coat in the overhead locker. 

'Are you feeling better?' Michael asked, smiling. 

'Much! I still can't believe it!' She smiled, her blue eyes twinkling in the light. She looked down between Michael's legs and spotted his semi hard cock pushing his trousers outward. She knew she shouldn't, but she couldn't avoid the wetness in her tight pussy. She sat back to relax and closed her eyes.

Michael watched Francesca dozing, vaguely stirring through take off before falling into a further sleep. To his left the suited businessman had fallen asleep, snoring loudly as his head lolled precariously into the aisle. Michael looked around and realised he was the only person awake. Smiling to himself he shifted in his seat for optimum position as he gently stroked Francesca's hand, allowing his fingers to slip onto her thighs. Francesca stirred and suddenly opened her eyes, before smiling and preparing to speak. 

'Shhh it's okay.' Michael whispered, before taking her hand in his and gently kissing it, placing it onto his lap, close to his now rock hard cock. Holding her hand in place with one hand, he used the other to stroke her soft hair, her cheek and down her back before gently kissing her lips. Francesca's pussy was soaking at Michael's touch, his kisses and gentle probes of his tongue were driving her crazy. Kissing him back passionately, she had to stop herself from tearing his clothes off there and then, the tension between them electric. His fingers worked his trousers and Francesca could only marvel as his cock sprang into view. A good length and very wide, she instinctively took him into her mouth, deep throating silently as his cock pushed her gag reflex to her limits. God she sucks well Michael thought to himself as he roughly slipped his hand down her dress and pinched her nipples, his hand cupping her F cup breasts, causing her to moan loudly sending vibrations along his shaft. Her tongue expertly flicked his shaft and head as she hungrily lapped up the sweet pre cum he was leaking. He needed to cum badly he thought, smiling as he remembered he hadn't cum that day. She'd get a really big load down her throat! 

Francesca loved sucking Michael's cock and was enjoying the sweet taste and sensation of him teasing her nipples. Feeling her juices on her knickers, she was desperate to cum, but was hungry for cum too. This was the best cock she had ever sucked and couldn't wait to taste his cum. He pushed down on her head and thrust upwards to fuck her throat. Her mouth was wide open and filled and she was hungry for his spunk. She wasn't disappointed as suddenly Michael held her head down and filled her mouth with hot White cum. Swallowing as much as she could with his cock inside her, she eagerly licked the last few drops as his cock pumped more cum. She'd never swallowed so much before, but felt so sexy for doing so now. 

Michael quickly fastened his trousers and gasped, looking momentarily stunned as the aftershocks of his orgasm took over him. Reaching down to Francesca's dress, he forcefully pushed the hem up, revealing her legs in stockings. Seeing the pale bare flesh at the top of her thighs instead of the tights he expected almost made him cum again. He pushed her thighs apart as much as the seat would allow and slid his hand between her thighs and up to her pussy. Slipping her black thong aside, he found her soft smooth pussy lips covered in sweet warm juice. What a horny bitch he thought, he loved young shaven pussy! He probed further, his fingers finding her throbbing clit between her lips. Francesca moaned as Michael rubbed her clit, biting her lip as he squeezed her nipples with his other hand. She had such good tits for playing with, he had plans for those too. He concentrated on her pussy now, gently easing one finger inside. Her flowing juices helped him but did not hide just how tight her little young hole was. Working his finger deep he surprised her with a second finger as his thumb worked her clit. Writhing in the seat Francesca was so close to cumming before a hard squeeze of her right nipple forced her to cum. Biting her lip and panting as quietly as she could, her thighs gripped Michael's hand vicelike. Suddenly remembering herself she relaxed and smoothed her dress over her knees before watching Michael licking his fingers. Smiling at each other he gently kissed her lips and put his arm around her, allowing them both to rest their eyes.



Francesca and Michael are pseudonyms for a real woman and man from the UK. Michael is a pilot and Francesca works in an office. The stories are based on real events or fantasies we have discussed. Please rate, comment and suggest new fantasies. The more we do, the more material I have!
Thanks for reading and enjoy!