 Work was dragging on. It was a dark, rainy day, and apparently, most customers decided to stay home. I started to miss the bustling rush of business from earlier in the week. At least the time went fast then. I decided to find a magazine to keep me occupied. As I walked over to the rack of magazines, he walked in. He--my mystery crush--was a customer I rarely saw, but so often fantasized about. His appearance--fairly built, long blonde hair pulled into a low ponytail and leather jacket--made him seem tough and unapproachable, but his face made him look quite the opposite. He had kind eyes and extremely soft features. He was one of those people that could speak with his eyes, and they always seemed to be telling me something in the few instances I had encountered him. 

He walked past me and said, 'Hey.' His mouth curved up on the side in a cute little smirk. 

'Hi.' I smiled back. As he walked, he looked back at me. I tried to look away, but it was obvious that I was smiling. I felt like I was in high school, blushing over a cute boy. But it was kind of fun. I brought the magazine back behind my counter and flipped through it, not really reading anything. I saw him approaching me again. It was nice to work in such a small family-owned store sometimes. I was the only one around to assist him.

He set down some kid's cough medicine. I knew he had a kid, as he had brought him in before. I also knew he was married, because of the simple ring on his left ring finger, but I had never seen her in person. 

"Sick kid?" I inquired, not looking him in the eye. It would make me too nervous. 

"Hah, yeah. Seems to be something going around the schools right now. Um, can I get a pack of Marb Menthols?" I reached behind me and grabbed a pack of his smokes.

"I've never sold you cigarettes before, I should card you." He laughed nervously as he grabbed the pack and slipped it into his pocket.

"Yeah...the wife never really approved." He handed me a twenty and I gave him his change. No ID. Damnit. That led me to still wonder his name, age. 

"Take it easy." He beat me to it.

"Yeah, you too." I smiled, and looked at him. He was smiling back as he walked out the door. 

He was unbelievably attractive, and left my stomach feeling fluttery. At least I had something to think about while the rest of my shift dragged on.

I walked in the door to my warm apartment. It felt so welcoming. I headed straight for my bed, peeling off my clothes as I walked. I fell asleep the second my head hit my pillow, and my dreams were vivid. He was standing in my doorway, leaning with one arm against the paneling. He wasn't wearing a shirt, and his abs were sculpted like a model. And if I had doubted that it was a dream, the fact that his skin was golden and glistening should have tipped me off. But unfortunately, you never know it's a dream while you're in one. Or when one's in you...

"What are you doing here?" I asked, feeling shy in my imagined state. 

"You invited me." He said in a voice much deeper than his actual.

"I did?" I ask, as he saunters towards me. I felt extremely self-conscious the closer he got. I could see his bulge in his tight black jeans, and that's when I realized I was wearing nearly four layers of clothing. Suddenly he was on top of me, but I couldn't feel anything. My clothing was too much. But I could smell the salty, warm scent of his skin and I longed to feel it. 

"You feel so good." He muttered, and I could see his motions above me. He was inside me, but I couldn't feel it. I awoke in the middle of our tryst, feeling empty. He couldn't get to me. I didn't have to try and interpret it. He's a married man. Of course he couldn't get to me, and I'm not the type to help cheat.

I dressed for work a little differently than normal. I wore my best push up bra and a tight tank top that pushes my cleavage up to the most round proportions possible. And of course, I couldn't forget my favorite pair of underwear--a lacey black g-string. My boobs are the better of my assets, but there's no reason I can't make both of them feel great.

I headed off to work in a fairly good mood. My hair looked good, and my makeup was natural but noticeable. Even if my mystery man was taken, there were plenty of other single men in town, and I was ready to flirt.

The hours dragged on. Though I told myself to focus on other men, my stomach still flipped in anticipation for the moment he would walk in. But the clock ticked on and he didn't show. I started to lose hope. 

My co-worker walked up to my counter, where I was leaning over it, reading a magazine. 

"Hey, Lane, it's eight." I flipped through the pages, not looking up. I sighed.

"Yeaaaah, I know." I looked towards the door sadly.

"What's up?" She asked.

"Oh nothing. I just thought a friend was going to come by." She checked her face in her handheld mirror.

"That sucks. Screw 'em. I'm going downtown to this outdoor pub thing. Wanna come with? You look all done up anyways." She checked me out up and down.

"Hah, yeah, I am. I might go. I'm gonna stick around for another couple of minutes, finish up this article. I'll text you?" She nodded as she threw her mirror back in her bag. 

"I'm not D.D. tonight!" She yelled as she walked out the door, turning off the lights so only a couple of lights near the counter and door illuminated the shop, along with a bit of moonlight.

I laughed as I looked back at my article. When I realized I couldn't really read any of the words in the dim light, I closed the magazine and walked to the front door to lock it. I caught myself in the reflection of the glass and thought, Damn, I do look good. I shouldn't waste this. I decided to call Anne and tell her I'd meet her downtown in a few minutes. I pulled off my work t-shirt, exposing my suffocating cleavage to the air. As I pulled my phone out of my jeans, I heard a knocking on the door. I almost ignored it, but curiosity got the best of me, and I turned around. It's a small family-owned store with one wooden door with a glass window in the middle. Whoever was at the door could probably see me through it. 

I walked up and unlocked it. When I opened it, I was taken aback. 

"Oh, um, can I help you?" I asked, feeling the blood rush to my cheeks. It was my mystery man. He came in after all.

He smirked that beautiful side smirk as he placed one hand on the door.

"I'm sorry, I tried to get here before you closed. Can I come in?" He looked disheveled. His hair was pulled back, as usual, but it didn't look as smooth and neat. He was wearing his leather jacket over a plain black shirt and jeans. Even in an effortless attempt at a wardrobe, he looked positively sexy. Did I really think I could deny him?

"Of course." I stepped to the side to let him in. As he walked past me, I caught a faint smell of wet leather, the after-scent of rain on his clothes. I looked out the door and saw that the ground was wet. I wondered if the outdoor pub fest was still on. Not that I really cared at that moment. I shut the door, locked it, and walked over to the counter.

"Cigarettes tonight?" He snickered as he pulled his wallet from his pocket. 

"How ever did you guess?" He handed me a $10 bill as he made eye contact with me. Those eyes. Those faded grey eyes that made his face look younger than he probably was. Those eyes that could illustrate a novel from within their depths. I couldn't decipher what he was saying with them tonight. But if I had to guess, I'd say he was proposing something. His eyebrow was slightly raised, and his head tilted to the side ever so slightly. He was answering my question, but I still felt there was more to his physical response.

"You seemed like you were in a rush to get here." I took the bill but didn't open the register right away. I was going to drag this out as long as possible. He picked up the cigarettes and banged the pack on his hands a few times.

"Yeah. Family's out of town at the grandparents for the weekend, and I ran out of smokes." He opened his leather jacket to show me the inside where he was placing his new pack. "I should run though, I'm sure you've got somewhere to go, it being Saturday night and all. Besides, you looked like you're dressed to impress." He very inconspicuously bit his lip and looked me up and down. I realized how happy I was that I had taken off my t-shirt just moments before he knocked. I pushed my long blonde hair out of my face and laughed modestly.

"Thanks. I don't really have plans though, especially now that it's raining." I pointed to the door. 

"Yeah, that can ruin a lot on a warm summer night." He placed one hand on the counter and stared at my face. "Well, guess it's a night to stay in. Do you guys sell alcohol? I've never checked."

"Wife doesn't approve of that either?" He laughed quietly, looking down. 

"Nah...we're actually separating." He looked up at me. "That's why I have the weekend to myself. She went to her parents to get things straightened out." 

I took this in for a moment. Though I was hoping he'd come in tonight, looking good was just for fun. I never thought anything would actually happen. But in light of this new information...I leaned on counter on my elbows, pressing my breasts together as I pointed across some aisles. "Booze is right over there." He tapped the counter and walked down to look at the bottles. I took this as an opportunity to adjust my bra, pop a piece of cinnamon gum, and run my hands through my hair. My hair fell just below my shoulders, the tips ending right where my chest showed through my tank top, bringing eyes down to their level. I leaned back on the counter as if I hadn't moved. Everyone wants a hook up after a breakup, right?

He walked up with a small bottle of tequila. 

"Good choice." I said, as I dragged it over the scanner. 

"You think?" I examined the bottle.

"Yeah, this stuff is alright. I mean, I prefer something sweeter, but this works just as well to get you to that end point." He was leaning on the counter with his one arm again, his body turned to the side, allowing me to see how flat his stomach was and how his chest protruded further than it. He was obviously fairly built. 

"And what would that be?" I handed him the bottle.

"What?" 

"The end point. What would the end point be?" He wasn't looking at me anymore. He was unscrewing the top of the bottle. 

"Um, well, you know, the uh..." I was tripping over my words. Get it together, girl. "The whole drunken thing. Isn't that why people drink?"

"Sometimes it's the getting there that's more fun." He lifted the tequila up in the air towards me. "Cheers." He took a small shot right from the bottle. After swallowing it, he looked down and shook his head.

"Ahh, that's good. How about it?" He held it out to me. I didn't need to think about it. I smiled as I grabbed the neck. 

"Cheers." I nodded my head towards him and took a swig. "Mmm." I squeezed my eyes shut and repressed the need to cough. "That's strong." He patted his jacket where his cigarettes were. 

"I think I need one of these. Would you care to join me?" He started to walk to the door. 

"Is it still raining?" I asked, grabbing my purse and keys. He looked out the window. 

"Drizzling. But there's a little overhang of a building down the alley next to us. I go there to smoke sometimes." He opened the door for me. The light breeze blew in at me, and it smelled warm and stale, like summer rain. It was only a bit humid, and definitely still nice enough for me to keep just my tank top on. It really was a perfect July night. 

I locked the door to the small shop and followed him next door to the little alley way that runs behind the store. All the times I had brought the garbage out back there, and I had never seen him smoking. Maybe some kids playing or some workers from the other little shops on that strip, but never him. He looked back at me, and, as if reading my mind, said, "I've seen you back here before." I stopped walking, my face blank, shocked that he had spoken almost exactly what I had just thought. His expression turned from gentle friendliness to a worried look. 

"I didn't mean that in a creepy way, I just live not that far from here..." I cut him off.

"No, no, you didn't weird me out. I'm sorry." I laughed and shook my head at my own silliness. "You're good." He walked to a little spot about one third of the way into the alley, and pulled out his pack. He slipped out two cigarettes, lit his, and handed the other one to me. I discreetly spit my gum out onto the ground. I decided it was probably the best time to really turn on the flirt factor. Instead of reaching for the stick with my fingers, I leaned forward and let him place it in my mouth. His eyes sought out mine with a look of excitement. 

"Got a light?" I asked, placing my hands in my back jeans pocket. He grabbed a lighter from the same little pocket and lit mine. I wrapped my lips tightly around it and inhaled deeply. I'd never been a smoker, other than on a few occasions outside of the bar or at a party with friends. But in the midst of the situation, it felt good to inhale the menthol smoke into my lungs. The smell of the smoke and the tequila on our breaths and the rain really set the mood for me. I realized how sexy the situation we were in was, and I stepped next to him, leaning against the concrete wall. It was raining a little harder now. 

"Thanks for the smoke." I said, looking just a few inches up at his face. He wasn't a whole ton taller than me. Maybe just a few inches, but then, I'm pretty average height. Up close, I could see his chest better and was able to tell that he was, indeed, pretty muscular. 

"Thanks for the company." We stood in silence for a few minutes, until he flicked his cigarette away and turned to me, leaning with one arm above his head into the wall.

"So, you really didn't have plans tonight?" I couldn't lie when those eyes were peering into my soul.

"Hah, no, I didn't. Um, I just wanted to look nice." His eyes pressed for more information. "Um, I thought maybe that you'd um..." I cleared my throat. "I thought maybe you'd stop by." Nothing like my extreme confidence and flirtation skills to carry me through a conversation...

"Ahhh." He leaned back into the concrete, crossing his arms. "So you are dressed to impress." I suddenly felt really self conscious, and could feel my cheeks burning. I set my purse on the ground and pulled out my shirt to cover my exposed chest.

"No, no, no." He reached his hand out and touched my head as the shirt was going over. "Don't do that. I didn't mean to make you think..." He slowly tapered off as I pulled the shirt back off. He dropped his hand to graze down along my arm.

"You look great." He smirked at me, and I looked down to avoid his gaze. He pulled my chin up with one finger. "Why do you think I knocked on the door tonight? I was hoping you were working." I finally met his eyes. They were filled with sincerity. He was telling the truth. He grabbed a couple of pieces of my hair and played with them, dropping it down to where they met with my cleavage. 

"I had no idea you would be. Or that you'd look like this." He ran his hand over my shoulder and across my exposed chest. Then he removed his jacket. His arms were so beautiful and big and full of veins that I had to try to suppress a whimper. He caught me staring at them.

"I do landscaping with my dad's company in the summertime. These usually come with the territory." He gripped one of his arms.

"I'm definitely not complaining." I reached out and removed his hand from his arm. He took my hand and pulled it to his lips, kissing the back of it. Then he pulled my arm around his neck, leaning me into him. He kissed me hard and fast, as if this moment was all we had left in the world. It was rough and passionate, full of lust. I leaned into the middle of his body, feeling how much he was enjoying it. He led one hand down my thigh and pulled my leg around his waist. He slapped my ass and pulled me up onto him, so I was straddling his hips. He leaned me against the damp concrete wall and licked down my neck. He licked the air and moaned before leaning back down onto my neck. He slowly worked his way to my boobs as I pulled the rubber band from his hair. His straight, dirty blonde hair fell just past his shoulders and smelled wonderful, like lavender and rain. I ran my hands through it and shuddered as he teased my nipples from outside of my shirt. We had just barely started and I already felt like I could come. Then I remembered what he said in the shop--Sometimes it's the getting there that's more fun.

"Put me down." I whispered breathlessly in his ear. He obeyed, nodding his head and running one hand through his hair.

"I'm sorry--"I cut him off by grabbing the button of his pants. I put one finger to his lips. 

"Don't talk." He nodded, turning to rest his back against the wall. I unzipped his pants and pulled just the front flaps to the side. He was so hard his penis was already falling out of the slot of his boxers. I can't even say I was surprised by the girth of it. He was definitely bigger than any man I had ever been with, which isn't a bad thing. It might be a little bit more work, but it would definitely be worth it. He sighed loudly and leaned his head back. I lightly touched the sensitive skin, and it jumped in approval. I could feel the heat of lust wash over my body. I pulled my hand away and laid my shirt on the ground in front of him. I kneeled down on it and leaned forward again, grabbing the bulbous, circumcised head. A drop of precum oozed out, and I leaned forward and licked it up with the tip of my tongue. I felt his body shudder. He reached one hand down and placed it on my hair, grabbing fistfuls of it and pulling delicately.

I slowly began to take him in my mouth. It took some adjusting, since he was so thick. I moved my jaw back and forth, trying to force my mouth open as far as I could. It must have worked, because I was able to take more of him in without grazing him with my teeth. I used my tongue to work circles around his width while systematically going in and out, wetting every hefty inch. He was trying not to push himself further into my mouth (I could tell because he kept wailing 'sorry' when he did), but I could see the difficulty he was having with that. So, I tried to take as much of him in as possible. Seeing as how he was probably nine inches, it wasn't possible. But I did get my mouth around a decent amount. He started to moan what sounded like a word, but stopped.

"I don't even know your name." He gasped, overcome by lust, as he continued to grab at my hair. 

I looked up at him seductively, taking his dick out just to the tip. "Lane." I said, letting my tongue hit the tip of his head as I said it.

"Lane." He sighed, tilting his head back against the cement wall. "I don't think I can take much more of this." I could tell, as I could feel the blood rushing through his thick cock. He was getting harder than I even thought possible. I debated for a second between whether or not I should slow down, or go all the way and make him beg to finish. I decided the latter would be more fun. 

I took him out of my mouth and teased the tip with my tongue while one hand wrapped around his back and grabbed his smooth ass, and the other was roughly (but not painfully) squeezing his balls. I opened my mouth as wide as I could, moving my tongue around it to make it as wet with my saliva as possible. Then I shoved nearly his whole length into my mouth. I moved one hand to the bottom of his dick, so that my mouth was moving rhythmically over his head, the one hand squeezing him from the middle down, and the other hand playing with his balls. 

"Oh fuck!" He yelled, which made me smirk. "I'm really close." I looked up to see his eyes squeeze closed, both hands grabbing my hair now. I could feel him about to explode, so I quickened my pace. He was making little noises, various sighs and moans. I'd never been with a guy so vocal with pleasure. It was turning me on. He was biting his lip, trying to stay quiet, but he wasn't doing so well. He suddenly grew quiet, and that's when I felt his hips start pumping into my mouth. The warm liquid shot straight to my throat, and I swallowed as he came. It must have been awhile since he'd gotten off with someone other than himself, because there was quite a bit. After a few seconds, I felt him start to soften. I slowly dropped him out of my mouth and sucked hard on the tip, getting every last drop out. I licked my lips, and realized he tasted more sweet than salty. 
