 Authors Notes:

Many thanks to SweetTits for her sensitive editing and positive comments

This is my first written work for over 20 years and it is my first erotic story. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. Any feedback or comments you can give me would be greatly appreciated as I feel there is plenty of room for improvement in my writing style and content.

Thanks. TB

*

Let me give you some background

Heather and I had been friends for years after meeting at work. Initially we thought we had little in common but we found out we were both into health, fitness and adventure sports. Strangely we both had long term partners that were our opposites. At work our friendship was based entirely around work. Heather was a lot closer to other male members of staff than she was to me but that suited me. I don't tend to get too close to people who I might have to upset when I unfortunately have to tell them to do things.

Things change though as I had recently left the company. Heather and I fell out of touch for a while but we kept on arranging to meet for lunches we could never make..

One of the things we had in common was mountain bike riding. I'd been riding for years but Heather had only recently taken up the sport so I offered to give her a few pointers. We went out a few evenings and as her skills improved we started to head out on longer, more difficult rides. I thought she was ready for a tricky ride which would be a good challenge but had a great reward - a secluded beautiful spot that few people knew about and even fewer visited.

I had found it by accident while messing around with Google Earth and it was way off the beaten track. Heather was up for a ride but I kept the destination secret - it was my favourite spot and I'd never taken anyone there.

It was a clear day with not a cloud in the sky as we headed out. Heather was riding well and since we were no longer working together I could truly appreciate her figure clad as it was in tight black lycra. I have to be honest and say that perhaps I rode behind her more than normal that day simply to enjoy the view. Heather had long tanned smooth legs with great muscle tone. Her legs were topped off by a very shapely backside below a slender waste and firm breasts. She looked great.

The route to the highlight of the ride was mainly on animal tracks though the scrub so I had to lead the last few miles to guide her on the difficult to see trail, picking up the pace as I did to push a little more effort out of Heather.

Just before the end we swapped round with Heather once more in front so when we rounded the final corner she had the view all to herself. There it was a small group of trees at the base of a small waterfall. The waterfall dropped into a clear pool before dropping again further down the hill. 

Heather reacted as I thought she would, initially disbelief at the scene in front of her and then a smile spread as she relished the feeling of a reward well earned after a tough cycle.

We stopped for a few minutes and did all the usual stuff, having a drink, eating energy bars etc. As the view was so nice I suggested we sit by the pool and take the view in.

This was when the first surprise of the day happened, Heather suggested... "That pool looks so inviting; we could go for a swim."

"Err." I was flustered as there was no way to go swimming in cycling shorts at least not unless you wanted a wet arse for a while.

"Hey, it will be fun and no one can see us here", Heather suggested.

"What? We can't wear these things so we'd have to go skinny-dipping?" "Well why not?" Heather asked. "I thought you'd be up for some fun.."

"I am, its just well...." The thought of seeing her body naked was making me hard and I was going to have difficulty explaining this.

"I've known you for a while now and we have a laugh together. We are both seeing people and having a good time with them but.." I paused

"Yes." Heather looked a little crestfallen

"I've never said anything before but I think you are really attractive. If we go skinny dipping as soon as I see you naked I'm going to get very aroused and to be honest I don't want you to feel threatened that we are all the way out here, both naked and me with an erection!"

"Oh". 

It was now Heathers turn to pause and I noticed her looking down, well when I say looking, staring at my shorts where an erection had to be obvious.

It was.

Slowly Heathers eyes came back up to mine; she looked into my eyes for a second and then went back to my shorts.

"Can I see it?"

Sharp intake of breath; so, here am less that 2 feet away from a beautiful woman, in the middle of no-where and she wants me to get my cock out and show it to her.

"Ok, but I'd really like to see just how good you look so how about 'I'll show you mine if you show me yours'"

"Ooh," Heather replied, "Sounds fun. I'll start"

Heather reached down and pulled her top up revealing her toned stomach and her sports bra.

"Your turn" she said with a wicked smile on her face

"Hang on that's not fair - I'll be naked before you've got your socks off"

"You can't blame a girl for trying" and with that she removed her bra.

Her body was fantastic; she had a perfect stomach, with lovely smooth skin and no tan lines so she clearly sunbathed topless. Her breasts were fantastic, they were a perfect shape, not too large and with hard nipples. She was clearly enjoying this as much as I was.

I gently reached out and stroked her nipples. Heather gasped slightly but said,

"Hey - I thought we were just showing.."

"Can you honestly say that all you wanted to do was to look at my cock? We both know you were going to want to touch it so what is good for you is good for me"

I carried on gently caressing her breast and moved my other hand up to massage her shoulders and neck. As my hand went around her neck I traced down her spine a fraction and she let out a little moan. I repeated that a few times and saw the flushes of pleasure building on her face.

"How did you know I liked having my neck massaged?" 

"Just lucky I guess." I wasn't going to tell her I'd been with a couple of women who really liked it so it was usually one of the first places I touched. 

"I'm glad you do though. My turn now" I replied

I reached down and pulled my shirt off. Most of my time in the sun is spent cycling so my body is a little white but I'm well built, with well-defined muscles and a flat stomach thanks to plenty of exercise and a good diet. 

Heather pulled the shoulder straps for my shorts off my arms and started to play with my nipples. I was now fully erect and my cock was very obvious in my shorts.

"How big are you?" asked Heather looking down at me

"I've never had any complaints - just wait and see though. It will all be revealed in a minute or two. I'm sure its time you lost the shorts though"

Heather stepped back a bit, turned round so her back was towards me and slid her shorts down, bending over as she did to show off her smooth perfect ass, As she bent I could see her pink pussy lips framed between her legs.

She turned round to face me and showed her neatly trimmed bush. She clearly had a very little bikini for on the beach.

"You are so beautiful. You have an incredible body." I wasn't lying and she smiled broadly at the compliment.

She walked closer and put her arms around my shoulders and drew me in. We kissed deeply and she pushed herself against my hard cock. My hands went down around her waist and moved down onto her behind and pulled her into me. She started rubbing herself up and down. I slowly massaged her arse cheeks dropping my hands lower and lower until they were on the top of the back of her thighs where I could pull her lips open without actually touching her pussy. 

I broke off from our kiss and said,

"I think it would be more fun if you removed my shorts"

She smiled, reached down, pulled my shorts away and down releasing my cock. She slid my shorts down my leg and took hold of my cock.

"It's a nice size, nice and thick"

"How about we go and have a shower under the waterfall and get a bit cleaner?" I suggested taking her hand and leading her over.

The water was cool but refreshing and I directed it over her breasts and down her body. I leaned in and licked her hard nipples, gently sucking and tonguing them.

My hands went down and gently stroked her inner thighs just circling close to her pussy but not touching it, moving up across her mound and circling around. Just getting close enough to elicit a moan of anticipation from her before moving away again.

As the water cascaded over our bodies we started kissing each other deeper and deeper. I broke off the kiss, picked her up in my arms and carried her over to one edge of the pool where there was a large flat area that had been warmed by the sun. 

Gently I laid her down on the rock surface and started to kiss down her body. She was really starting to moan now and her hands were running through my hair. I paused for a second at her stomach before moving straight down to her knees and started to kiss her inner thigh whilst gently stroking her nipples.

I kissed my way up her thigh until I could smell just how turned on she was. 

Up until this point I hadn't even touched her pussy but I gently parted her lips and licked her until I found her clit. She tasted as good as she looked. I moved around so my cock was up by her shoulders and she tugged on it quite frantically. I carefully flicked her clit before slowly pushing my tongue inside her, tasting her juices and then going back to her clit. She was moaning louder and louder as I my tongue gently caressed her. I was alternating flicking her clit and moving my tongue against it, quicker and quicker, matching my actions with her rapidly speeding up moans and words of encouragement. Suddenly her body bucked and she started to come. Her back arched as I held her hips and kept moving my tongue against her as she tried to move away. Each lick produced a deeper scream as she came. Suddenly she went still as I paused but bucked again when I licked her.

"No more please." She moaned. "I'm too sensitive"

That wasn't in the plan though and I started again

Quickly her moaning grew louder and she quickly shuddered through another orgasm, and another and another.

"Fucking hell, Peter never does that to me" she groaned.

Peter was her partner and boy was he missing out if he didn't. She tasted so nice and giving her pleasure was so much fun for me.

Heather said, "Your turn - lie down and because you did something for me that no guy has ever done properly I'm going to do something I swore I'd never do"

I lay down on the rock and she knelt over me. She skipped all the foreplay and went straight for my cock with her mouth. She pulled my foreskin back and licked gently around my shaft before moving to the tip of my cock relishing the drop of white pre-cum she found there. She opened her mouth wide and slid it down over my cock taking about half in on her first go. I could feel her gently sucking as she slid her mouth back and my cock came out with a pop. She paused and pushed down again this time taking more of my cock in until I felt my cock head bumping against the back of her mouth. She swung round and knelt between my legs with her hands on my waist. The feeling as she twisted her head on my cock was incredible and I moaned deeply. She started to do press-ups at a slow rhythm taking me as far as she could into her mouth before raising herself back up. Her pace quickened and so did my groans. She was sucking and thrusting her face against me quicker and quicker building me to my climax. She started to rub my balls and I could feel myself starting to come.

"Look out, I'm coming" 

She just pushed her mouth back over my cock and started to suck harder as she bobbed her head as I thrust into her.

She just swallowed everything I had and kept on sucking and bobbing her head until there was no more cum.

I was spent and just looked down at her as she released my cock from her mouth.

She smiled back,

"I've never swallowed before - I don't even let Peter come in my mouth but after your performance I had to match it. I'm surprised as it didn't taste like I thought it would. It's similar to those energy gel things."

She moved up and kissed me and I could taste myself on her.

"I'm going to take a while before I can do anything so how about we see how turned on you still are?" I suggested

She didn't argue!

Again I kissed down her body but this time slowly inserted a finger into her pussy and gently started to push it in and out. Again I found her clit and the licking commenced. She came again and again over the next ten minutes or so.

I kissed back up over her body and knelt with my now hard cock between her breasts. She pushed them together and made a love tunnel for me to fuck. The image of sending jet after jet of white cum over her perfect tits and face was a sight I wanted to see but Heather looked up and said, "Fill me. I want you in me"

I moved back down her body and rubbed my cock up and down her slit just stroking her with it a few times before pushing in.

She groaned but she was so wet there was no resistance. We started to fuck wildly in the wide open as woman and man have done since the dawn of time.

This was very primeval. Two people enjoying everything the other had to give.

Heather pulled her legs back up towards her shoulders allowing me to plunge deeper into her body. I could feel her body surrounding my cock, her silky pussy holding onto me as my warm cock touched her in just the right places. I could feel the gentle friction as her pussy tried to hold me in, to fill her as she had wanted. My pelvic bone was pushing against hers and I was making sure to stimulate her with every thrust. It wasn't long before she was hitting the heights of her orgasm - but this time I could see her face beneath me contorting as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her.

I couldn't last much longer looking at her deep in the throes of orgasm and I could feel my balls starting to tighten. Heather sensed this.

"Pull out - I want to taste you again." she said.

I quickly pulled out and moved up to her head.

She opened her mouth wide and sucked me in, setting up a deep thrusting motion.

I shouted as cum spurted out of my cock and into her waiting mouth. She carried on sucking until every last drop was drunk.

"Jees. You are incredible." I said

She took my cock out of her mouth and said, "I don't think I have ever come that many times before. And I just love your cum."

We hugged silently for a while, just gently kissing each other, enjoying the warmth and feel of each other's body.

We broke apart and started to get dressed again.

I wasn't sure what this would do to our friendship but I knew we had shared something special.

Again it was Heather who made the first move.

"Next time we are out, can you ride me like you ride your bike? And if I can get some more of that energy drink from your cock that would save me carrying as much water"