 In the first part of this story, I narrated how I ended up fucking our ugly maid servant, Rani. I will continue the story where I left it. 

To begin with, let me tell you the nature of my relationship with Rani after it got sexual. She became my confidant in all my stuff. I would discuss all my problems with her during the time we fucked. It was the same way for her. Even she opened up to me, something she never did with her other bed-partners. Maybe the reason for this was the fact that I was the most literate of them all. She often discussed health matters with me, like when her periods got delayed or when her flow was erratic. And she also respected my suggestions because I was a biology student.

She also discussed her family problems with me, like how she was afraid of hampering her elder sister's marital life (She was sleeping with her sister's husband). Our relationship had become so much like a husband and wife that I kept worrying that someday Rani might just walk in and demand to marry me. My fears were baseless though. Rani was a woman of pleasure. Even though she had become very comfortable with me, I was still just her hunky sex toy, (a sex toy with a brain). 

After a certain period of my realizing this fact, I started getting fed up of her. Not because I was bored of the sex, but because the knowledge that I wasn't all that important for her made me feel bad. I was, like most men, a child at heart. 

[I have lived a motherless childhood; my mom abandoned me when I was small. Maybe that's why I needed my women to make me feel wanted. In the beginning, Rani did make me feel special, but that was the past. The more comfortable we got with each other, the more she started taking me for granted. I hated this.]

Then one day, while Rani was over me riding my erection like it were a horse, she told me about the talk she had had with her sister. Apparently, her sister's husband whom Rani fucked was incapable of fathering a child. And he believed that his wife was infertile. Rani told me how her sister, Rupa had sobbed ceaselessly and said she wished someone could get her pregnant.

Suddenly Rani stopped fucking. "What is it?" I asked. 

Rani: You feel excited at the whole thing, right?

Me: At what thing?

Rani: Will you get her pregnant?

Me: What? What are you saying?

Rani got up. I still had my hungry hard on when she got up to go. I looked at her walking away. "Stop, what happens to this?" I asked, pointing towards my 10 inch long erection. Rani came close to me and started wanking me off. Her hands were dry, so she spread her vaginal juices over it and continued giving me a handjob. At last I came. The spray of my cum shot at her face, as she swallowed most of it. Immediately, she rushed off.

The next day, my grandparents went out of town to meet some relatives, and I had the whole house to myself. I was reading a book when there was a knock on the door. I knew it was Rani. So I opened the door excitedly, because today I knew we could fuck on my cozy bed instead of the mat on the rugged terrace, as my family was away. But when I opened the door, I found out that Rani wasn't alone. Along with her was a woman in a sari, slightly taller that Rani, but far better looking because she had a full body and large breasts. 

Rani introduced her companion as Rupa, her elder sister. "She is here to help me around." I had completely forgotten what Rani had said the previous day, so I didn't really feel anything other than disappointment, as with Rupa around we couldn't fuck, Rani and I. Silly me, I didn't know what Rani was up to!!! 

After getting a good look of her buxom figure, I left Rupa with her sister in the kitchen. They were cleaning the dishes, so I went back to my room and started leafing through a book. About an hour passed after which I got bored and loitered into the kitchen. It looked like Rani and Rupa were arguing about something. Women, I thought, and asked them what had happened. 

At this, Rani said, "I was telling her that she should let you help her get a baby as her impotent husband is a good for nothing." I was taken aback. I had obviously not expected this. Rupa, I could see had gone red with embarrassment. Her plump cheeks were flowing with blood, and her thick lips were twitching a bit. She looked real cute now. But the very next moment, my attention was drawn towards one of her breasts. A portion of one of her huge melons was flowing out of the bottom line of her blouse (the blouse had lost a hook, probably because of the strain of supporting such heavy boobs). 

My penis started to stir. This 29 year old plump married woman was becoming hard to resist. Apart from her sexy boobs, she had this killer ass, huge and meaty and thick thighs, the outline of which was clearly visible through her petticoat and sari. My erection was straight and raring to go now, when Rani said to her sister, "You see, this guy here is a hunk." Saying this, Rani pulled my pajama down, exposing my hard on for her sister to see, and continued, "See? He will not just relieve you of your problems by giving you a child, just wonder how it would feel when this rod goes into you." Rani was now holding my penis and shaking it towards Rupa.

Rupa was understandably astonished by this scene and looked at me with mouth wide open and a dazed expression on her face. "C'mon Rupa, I do him regularly, I assure you he is a pleasure." This remark made me feel like an object. I got angry and walked out, but as I was leaving the kitchen, I noticed Rupa's face. The surprise had now been replaced by some other expression, one that I couldn't understand.

I walked back to my room and lay down on my bed. I couldn't hear what they were talking about but the women were surely having a heated conversation, and accordingly Rani stormed out of the house after a few minutes. I saw her going and rose up from my bed to find Rupa near my study table. She held her head and said, "I understand how it feels when the only person you sleep with considers you just a sex object. It has been happening to me since six years now. Things were alright till I was slim like Rani, but when I grew fat my husband got bored of me. I think you know he beds Rani...don't you?"

I nodded and asked, "But I thought you didn't know it?"

Rupa: I always knew it. Never said anything because I thought if he likes slim girls, how could I help it? I am fat. But then, he started bickering about us not having a baby. It is he who can't father a child. First he doesn't fuck me enough, second, he is impotent and upon all that, I am blamed for not getting pregnant.

Rupa spat out in disgust. I could see her pain now. I kept staring at her face for a while, after which I said, "Rupa, I don't understand how anyone could NOT find you sexy. Rani looks like shit compared to you, and who said you are fat? You are just plump and very cute...and hot. If I were your husband, I would have you in bed 24x7."

Rupa blushed. I had said all this earnestly, having been carried away by her pain. A couple of tears flowed down her cheeks. Then Rupa moved towards me, took my face in her hands and brought her lips on mine. I opened my mouth for her, took her lips in and the next moment we were rolling on the bed, our lips locked in a fervent kiss. Rupa went on to kiss me all over my face when our lips parted. I moved my hands down to her bums now, and let it rest there. I pushed her back on the bed, squeezed her bums hard and drooled over her face.

I picked Rupa up now in my arms and took her to my grandparent's bedroom because it was far more spacious than mine. I pulled her sari off her body leaving her in just her blouse and petticoat and then said, "Rupa, you have a beautiful body." She smiled and took her blouse off to show me how her C-cup bra was stretching to accommodate her D-sized melons. She shook her body a bit looking at her breasts, which bounced at her movement. I slid out of my pajama and took out my 10 inch rod.

I sensed Rupa's legs parting unconsciously at the sight of my penis. She still had her petticoat on, so I told her to take it off. She did. She didn't have a panty inside and her hairy crotch was facing me as she wriggled out of her bra, the last piece of cloth on her body. Her naked body was even sexier than it looked with clothes on. Released from the confines of her bra, her boobs her now hanging to their utmost glory. Her belly folded twice and her thighs were sexily jingly. Rupa came close to me and took my erection in her hands and started moving it up and down and said, "You are huge indeed."

I asked her, laughing, "Want to have it?"

The reply came in the form of a sweet wet blowjob. She slurped and spat on my erection as her lips sucked it. When she found me hard enough, Rupa lay down and parted her thighs for me. I positioned my penis at her entrance and slid in easily as she was dripping wet. My rod was glistening with her juices, when I pulled out to bang in deeper into her. When I did, I took her by surprise and she moaned. I took her breasts in my hands and squeezed hard now. She moaned louder now. Around ten minutes into Rupa's slimy vagina and I was shooting cum into her like a hose pipe. The intensity of my ejaculation shook Rupa.

We lay there still for some minutes holding each other. Then I pulled out of her, and collapsed next to her, exhausted. We lay there naked for another half an hour, playing with each other's hands all the while, after which she rose to wear her clothes. I got up behind her and helped her into her undersized bra. She wore all her clothes by the time I got into my pajamas.

While leaving the house for the day, Rupa turned back and looked at me. The she came close, kissed my forehead and said, "I LOVE YOU."

She walked away.

[I spent several nights thinking about Rupa and what she had said before going. It certainly made me feel very important, but did I love her too? Maybe I did, because the next time she visited me, about a week after the first time, I took her to the terrace and said, "Let's make love, Rupa." I stopped meeting Rani after this. After a while, she eloped with her boyfriend. Rupa is eight months pregnant now. We do make love, even now, but in safe doctor-prescribed positions. What more, doc said Rupa is carrying a baby girl. Isn't that wonderful? Wonder what we will name her?]