 Sighing softly to herself as she stared blankly out the window, Sarah thought how wonderful it would be to pack up the paperwork she should complete that day and head off to the beach instead.

Even though it was only the beginning of June, the midwest was getting hit with a nice warm spell. Here it was, only midmorning and the temperature was already in the low 90's. Even though her office was air conditioned, she could see how the people who were outside, walking past her window, were affected by this heat wave.

Deciding not to let a perfect day like this pass her by, Sarah called her receptionist into her office and told her she was beginning to feel a little ill and would be taking the day off. Sarah asked her to cancel her appointments for the rest of the day and tell them she would be back in the office tomorrow.

As she was talking, she was already packing the paperwork into her briefcase, then out the door she went. Yelling back over her shoulder letting the receptionist know that she could lock up and go home early and not to worry about it because she would be getting paid for a full day.

Sarah stopped by her apartment just long enough to change clothes. She wore her emerald green bikini beneath a black cover up shirt with slip on sandals adorning her feet. Then back out the door she went not wanting to waste another minute fiddling around. She wanted to be out at the beach, enjoying this warmth like so many others.

As Sarah pulled into the parking lot of the beach, she noticed there were quite a few cars already there. She sighed, hoping silently to herself that no one had come upon her secret little alcove. She had been wandering along the rocks one afternoon and spotted a small patch of beach surrounded by the rocks, a nice secluded area she hoped not many knew of. She loved to sunbathe topless, but didn't feel comfortable doing so at the beach because of all the kids playing there.

As she walked over the rocks, she reached the area where she would hope to have some nice quiet time alone. Looking around anxiously, Sarah noticed not another soul in sight. A large smile coming to her full lips, she quickly began her descent to the little area of beach that she called hers.

She laid her blanket carefully out on the sand. Kicking off her sandals, her purple toes flashing in the sunlight, she carefully stepped onto her blanket. Slipping the cover shirt off over her shoulders, letting the soft material slip lightly along her already golden skin, letting it fall into a heap on the blanket. Sarah carefully scanned all around her to make sure there was no one around. Quickly raising her hands to the back of her neck, untying the knot that held up her top, slipping it down over her rather large breasts. Reaching behind her back, she undid the clasp that held the last of her bikini top to her body, it landing at her feet, right on top of the cover up she had earlier discarded.

Shivering from the heat beating down on her naked skin, Sarah raised her face to the sky, her eyes closed as she enjoyed the warmth on her skin.

Sarah stood at only 5'6". Her body, as she had been told by previous boyfriends, was out of this world. Her breasts were a luscious 38c with medium sized brown nipples. Her body was firm from working out at the gym regularly. She knew the men liked to watch her body as she did her routine at the gym every day.

Sarah sat down on the blanket, pulled out the sun lotion and began to gently rub it over the front part of her shoulders, sliding down along each arm, and then slowly and carefully over her breasts. A soft moan escaping her lips as her fingers rubbed over her nipples, feeling them harden immediately. Even though it hadn't been that long since her and her boyfriend had broken up, she was beginning to feel that lonely feeling she got every once in a while. Her fingers playing with her nipples as she sat, her eyes closed, feeling the pleasure her fingers were applying to her body.

Had Sarah kept her eyes open, she may have spotted the gentleman that had appeared at the top of the rocks who was standing there, watching her. After she had applied more lotion to her breasts, the area between her thighs, soaking the material covering her pussy. She put her sunglasses over her eyes and laid back gently....sighing as the heat pounded into her skin.

Sarah laid there and let her mind drift far away as her eyes closed from the brightness of the sun, feeling herself slipping away her body warmed by the early afternoon sun.

The man that stood at the top of the rocks bent down as he watched her body as it glistened in the bright sunlight, feeling himself getting more and more excited as he sat and watched this beautiful woman sun herself. He knew he shouldn't stay like that and watch. It wasn't something he would do normally. But when she had passed him on the beach, she had almost ran him over not paying attention to where she was going, her mind obviously distracted. He knew he desired to touch that body, to taste all she had to offer him. He groaned inwardly as he watched this beautiful brunette laying there so innocently. The thoughts of ravishing that body and hearing her moans of pleasure as he took her every way possible.

He knew he should just walk away and wait for her to come back, but he couldn't take his eyes from her. He wanted her. He had to have her. He slowly made his way down the steep rocks, stopping just short of where she laid on her back all the while watching her, making sure that she hadn't heard him. Slowly he made his way over to her. Standing right next to her now, her beautiful, full breasts rising up and down as she lightly rested.

Silently sliding to his knees beside her, wanting to reach out and touch those breasts. Raising his eyes to her face, taking in the beauty that laid there so silently before him. He was staring at her full lips, when she felt the coolness over her body. Thinking to herself it was just because the sun went behind a cloud, she thought this would be the perfect time to roll over and sun her back.

Sarah jumped when she opened her eyes and found this man, kneeled beside her, staring at her as she laid there half naked. Her hands flying up as she tried to cover her breasts, her mouth opening to scream. He didn't want her to be frightened, so he leaned into her and pressed his mouth gently against hers. Moaning as he felt those full, kissable lips against his, his hands raising and grabbing her by the shoulders gently. Trying to show her not to be frightened of him.

When she felt his lips touch hers, the scream Sarah had tried for was lost somewhere between her throat and her lips. The jolt that ran through her body as he kissed her shocked her into silence. Her body trembled from his touch.

As his fingers slowly began caressing up and down each arm, her skin burning wherever his fingers slid.

He felt that she wasn't fighting him, which made him moan louder into her mouth. He pulled her roughly against his chest while his fingers slid up into the brown hair that hung loosely at her shoulders. His fingers gripping the back of her head and pulling her even closer into him. Breathing her in, his lips crushed against hers.

Sarah felt her body responding to his touch, wanting his touch. She tried pulling away, ashamed of the way her body was responding to this stranger's touch.

One of his hands sliding down over her shoulder, feeling her tremble beneath his touch, pushed him further in his exploration of this sensuous being. His fingers lightly sliding over her collar bone, feeling her tongue push deeper inside his mouth. He didn't know if he should, but he had to feel those large breasts in his hand. Slowly he let his fingers slide down the bone between her breasts, lightly touching the skin, letting his fingers slowly and gently slide over the shape.

Sarah gasped against his lips as she felt his fingers slowly circle around her breast, working its way closer and closer to her hardened nipple. Feeling the moistness growing between her legs, she squeezed her thighs together not wanting him to know this.


His fingers, finally reaching her nipple and feeling how hard it had grown from his touch, made his cock throb in his shorts, and he wanted her to touch him.

Pulling his lips slowly from hers. Knowing she wouldn't yell, he slowly slid his tongue over her neck. Licking and gently biting into her flesh as his fingers gently pinched her nipple, making her squirm and moan out in pleasure.

Pushing her back onto the blanket, laying partially over her, his thigh pressed between hers. He lowered his head and slowly drew little circles over her skin as he moved lower towards her breasts.

Her body tingling from the pleasure, all thoughts of being in trouble fled her mind as she let her fingers slide up his back and tangle into the hair at the back of his neck.

As his mouth moved lower, his heart pounding harder against his chest, knowing that soon he would be tasting one of those luscious breasts. His mouth moving over her breast while his hand slid along her side, feeling her shiver. His mouth, finally finding its target, closed over her nipple. Gently sucking it into his mouth as his tongue pressed against the tip as his teeth gently bit into her flesh.

Sarah moaned loudly as her back arched up off the blanket, her hand pressing against the back of his head wanting that mouth and tongue of his even closer to her breasts.

His other hand began sliding lightly up over her stomach, as he felt her catch her breath. Slowly sliding up to the other breast and gently pinching and pulling at her nipple as his mouth worked the other one into complete hardness.

Tightening his teeth gently around her nipple, he slowly pulled his head back, letting it slide through his teeth. Hearing her moans of pleasure, her body squirming under his. Knowing he was driving her wild. His mouth slowly, tantalizingly moving over her heated skin, sliding his tongue between her breasts. Licking up and down a couple of times as he moved closer to her other breast...drawing that nipple between his teeth and lips, reenacting what he had just done to her other nipple on this one.

Feeling her body writhing beneath his own, his hand slid down over her body. His fingers lightly sliding over her stomach, hearing her deep intake of breath, she was groaning as he was grinding against her body. His hand slipping even lower, letting his fingers trace along the top of her bikini bottoms.

His fingers were slowly running down over the material that covered her treasure, feeling her hips raise slightly off the blanket as he lightly traced a line down the center of the material. Feeling the heat of her desire, he heard her whimpers slipping through her lips, knowing that she was already very moist from their encounter. Feeling the material between her thighs, he could feel the dampness seeping through. Feeling his own body tremble as he pressed hard into her thigh, he let her feel how he desired her body.

His fingers lightly slid down the inside of her thigh, gently pulling her leg closer against his body. His fingers then slid across to her other thigh, gently pushing it open as his fingers slid up the length of her thigh, inching closer and closer to her treasure.

Sarah, feeling her body becoming wild with desire from his touch, her body trembling, and she knew that at any second he would be feeling her hard, throbbing clit. Hoping he would take pity on her body and let her release some of the pleasure running throughout her body.

Opening her eyes, she watched as he now moved from beside her to between her widely spread thighs. Her heart was hammering in her ears. Her eyes never leaving his face, watching as he slowly slid his tongue along the inside of each of her thighs, driving her totally mad with desire. Her hips raising up off the blanket, wanting him to taste her sweetness.

As he slowly kneels over her body, leaning over her as he slowly pulls her bikini bottoms from her hips. Wanting to see the treasure he was going to be taking her shortly.

His eyes glued to the spot between her thighs, widening as he lowered the material. Seeing nothing but skin there, his mouth began to water as he wanted to taste this furless goddess. He hurriedly pulled the bottoms down her thighs and off her feet. Immediately his gaze fixed back onto her treasure. Seeing the juices on her outer lips, he growled softly as he leaned forward and pressed his lips against her. Hearing her groans, he continued with his plan.

He pushed her thighs wider apart, opening her up for him. Sitting there staring at this beauty, taking in every inch of her pussy. Raising his hand to her lips, he slowly ran his fingertips over the wetness there. Low growls coming from deep within, he lowered his mouth to the treasure he has been after. His tongue sliding lightly along the length of her lips, feeling her quiver as he gently pushes his tongue through her folds, tasting her nectar.

Grasping her at the hips, he drags her body to his mouth, pushing his tongue deeper within the folds. Hearing her moans in the distance, his mind was totally focused on this delicious course laid before him. His mouth moved slowly, teasingly along her juice-slick slit.

Gently he pressed his tongue at the tip of her clit. He felt her tremble in his hands as his lips gently surround the little button. Sucking gently as his tongue flicked back and forth over it. Her hips squirming in his grasp. Tightening his hold on her hips, he pulls her harder against his mouth. His teeth gently nibbling as she twists her hips. Her fingers now pulling at his hair.

Pulling his lips back and letting her clit pop from his mouth, he slides his tongue back and forth along her slit. Hearing her telling him to fuck her pussy...how she needs to cum. His tongue wiggling lightly over the opening to her juices, wanting to taste them badly but knowing deep in his mind what he would prefer to her juices.

Letting his tongue glide down past the opening, his hands grabbing her thighs and pushing them up towards her chest and opening the view to what he wants. His tongue gliding down towards her anus. Hearing her groan out as his tongue gently flicks back and forth over the puckered little hole. Knowing how badly he wants to take that hole of hers, he gently pushes the tip of his tongue just inside feeling her muscles contract around it.

Pushing his tongue all the way deep inside with one thrust, he hears her screams of ecstasy as she tells him how badly she wants him to fuck her there. His tongue darting in and out, her thighs quivering as he tongue fucks her tight little anus.

Pulling his tongue from within her, he drags his tongue back up to her pussy. Tasting more juices from the pleasure he just sent through her from his tongue fucking, he laps her juices up greedily.

Pulling his head back, his fingers stretching her lips wide so he can see inside her depths, he presses his finger to the opening and runs the tip gently around the opening. Watching as it contracts, trying to suck his finger inside. Pushing just the tip into the opening, Sarah thrusts her hips up trying to wrap her muscles around the tip to pull his finger inside where she wants him to fill her.

Raising his eyes to her face...seeing the desire and the passion burning within her, he cant take much more. He has to have her. Totally. Completely.

Pressing his finger deep into her wet, hot, juicy pussy, he feels her muscles grip around his finger pulling it into her depths. Groaning as she thrusts her hips up at the same time, his finger feeling its way around inside her. The walls of her treasure, and the wetness from the pleasure he has sent through her body.

Slowly sliding the whole length of his finger in and out of her, he gently slips a second finger in. Thrusting them both into the depths of her, he hears her moans. Her body wiggling against his fingers. With his other hand, he pushes her leg back towards her chest, eyeing the hole he desires the most. His finger sliding along the skin to her nether hole, rubbing it lightly and hearing her asking him to fuck her there, begging for him to take her totally. As his finger gently slips inside the opening, his eyes raise and search her face, seeing the look of total pleasure on her face.

His fingers thrusting slowly in and out of her. Her hips grinding into his fingers, slowly working her to the place of ecstasy. Watching as her body moves sensuously against him. Hearing her pleas, he feels her reaching her destination. Just before she reaches this sacred place between 2 lovers, he withdraws his fingers. Her body writhing, her eyes begging him to fill her and to take what he wants, but also to take her with him.

He pulls his shirt from his body. His muscles rippling with each of his movements. Taking his shorts off, she sees the desire he has for her. His cock, rock hard from his work on her body.

Slowly he pushes her thighs again towards her chest, her feet pressed against his shoulders as he wraps his fingers around the shaft of his cock. Rubbing the tip lightly over her throbbing clit, hearing her beg him to thrust his hardness inside her.

Resisting that urge, he slowly rubs it up and down her soaking slit and covering the head with her juice. Guiding his cock to the opening of her treasure, he presses just the tip inside. Feeling his cock throb as he fights to control the urge to slam his cock into her pussy, to fuck her wildly and to bring her over the edge again and again.

Slowly he is able to push slowly into her, inch by inch. Watching her pussy stretch over him and taking his thickness deep inside. His eyes close as he savors each inch as it slides easily inside her.

His hand wrapped around her thighs, holding her so that he is able to watch as he slips his cock out to the tip, seeing himself covered with her juices. Growling as he thrusts his cock back in with one deep thrust, pushing her body forward just a little. Her groans are from the pain of his entry as well as the pleasure of his throbbing cock inside her.

He begins thrusting harder and faster into her treasure. He watches her body move in rhythm with his. Her breasts are heaving as he thrusts harder. Reaching down, he grasps her nipples between his fingers, twisting, tugging at them, her cries of pleasure ringing in his ears.

Feeling her body tense up from his assault on her pussy, he continues ramming his cock in and out mercilessly, her screams gone unnoticed. All he can think about right now is having her ass as his.

Thrust after thrust, her body racked with spasms as she cums, her juices are coating his cock. His thrusts continue while she sinks into the darkened space of pleasure. Feeling her pussy loosen around his cock, his thrusts begin to slow as her body is quivering.

He looks into her eyes, seeing the passion still burning within her. He slowly withdraws his cock, slick with her cum and slowly slides back towards her ass, rubbing the head slowly over her opening. Pressing the tip against her, feeling it slowly stretch, trying to let him enter into her. His eyes locked with hers as the head finally sinks inside, her cries of pain echoing in his ears.

Holding the head just inside the entrance, he feels the tightness of her ass hole around his cock. Once again, he is fighting the urge to slam his hard, throbbing cock into her and fill her with his cum.

Feeling her body relax some, he slowly pushes farther into her, feeling her slowly adjusting to his size. Inch by inch, sinking in deeper and deeper, his eyes never once leaving hers as he sees the pain turning into pleasure on her face.

As his cock sinks into her asshole, his balls press against her. He slowly begins sliding back out to the tip, moving his hips in a circular motion, getting her to open up even more for him. His fingers sliding down to her clit, slowly and gently massaging it. Slowly pushing his cock back into her asshole, his fingers gently rubbing over her clit, feeling it start to harden for him once again.
