 Introverting, its hands down what I do best. I don't like to party, I don't have many friends. I like to sit at home with my internet and cats. But tonight is different, tonight I'm bored and feeling like taking a risk. So when someone asked me to join them for a party, I figured why the hell not, right? That was 45 minutes ago; I still haven't gotten out of my car. I'm sitting in the car, cold because I turned the engine off so as not to be noticed just sitting here. My confidence waning quickly. More and more people came flooding into this party, held at someone's home on a random Saturday night. The more bodies that went in the more that leaving seemed like a good idea. 

Swallowing my pride I got out of the car, my sheer shirt that seemed like a good idea at the time, now providing next to no protection from the harsh winter wind. I don't normally dress up, but I figured if I was going to do this, I was going to do it right. Besides I was 21 and this was my first ever party. Skin tight black jeans hugged my curvy hips, resting just a tad lower than I would normally wear them. The white silk top hung loosely on me, but the plunging neckline that bared the lace at top of my fire engine red bra helped make up for the lack of cling that most girls sported with their clothing. A simple black hooded sweatshirt was hugged around me, acting as my security blanket while I shyly trudged through the snow being extra careful not to slip. I climbed the stairs to the porch and entered the building. 

This was exactly what I expected a party to be like and yet nothing like it at the same time. The inside of the house was huge, deceptively so considering the outside looked rather quaint. People occupied every visible room. In one room the couches and furniture were moved to the side and guys were boxing for fun. In another room drunken girls and even more intoxicated guys rubbed their bodies all over each other in a pretty undignified manner. Through a long hall way I saw the kitchen where a bunch of guys were playing beer pong while girls lazily lounged against the counter with drunken stares of lust. I was pretty sure I was fashionably late and everybody here was way past socially drunk. 

I immediately started to regret my decision of being here. I found a corner in the room with the dancing people and became the very epitome of a wall flower. I glanced at myself in the mirror across the room from me as wondered why I tried so hard. My generally untamable hair was left down and framed my face in a halo of dark curls. I had the pasty skin that told of a tan from the light of the moon. Dark make up accented my dark eyes, and clear lip gloss coated my lips. I had felt I looked pretty good when I left the house, now being around all the other girls I wasn't so sure. I nervously pushed my purple plastic framed glasses up onto my nose further and stood my ground hoping it wasn't impolite to leave quickly after arrival.

"Have you ever heard the song Dust in the Wind?" a voice spoke to my left.

I looked up from observing the puddle that had formed under my shoes from the melted snow.

"Me? Yeah I know it." I replied to who I figured had voiced the question.

It was a guy holding a worn acoustic guitar, stickers of various bands and labels were slapped all over it. He was about my height, maybe a little taller, maybe not, my shoes were giving me at least an extra inch. His hair was long and pulled back into a "man bun". His eyes were a beautiful blue, that wasn't quite pure blue, but rather a myriad of colors blended. He had a red goatee that was in stark contrast from his otherwise brunette hair. His lips were formed into a smirk and he had one eye brow raised in question at me. It was then I realized he had asked me something.

"I'm sorry what?"

"You look bored." He stated matter of factly.

"I am. I don't do parties."

"Yet here you are."

I shrugged.

"It's cool, do you want a drink?"

"I'm driving thanks though."

He chuckled at me,

"So you don't drink, you don't party...do you smoke?"

"No."

"So what do you do then?"

"I read?"

He laughed, 

"Well okay then."

His laugh was pleasant. His voice deep that spoke of many years of smoking as it carried that rasp that only smokers have. I suddenly had the urge to know what it would be like to have him whisper things in my ear.

I shook the thought from my head.

"Do you want to join me outside?" He asked.

"Sure."

We walked out onto the porch, it had started snowing again and I quickly began to shiver.

"Would you like my jacket?" He asked me.

"No, but thanks, I don't want you to be cold."

He shrugged.

"You look cold."

I smiled.

"That's cause I am."

He laughed again.

"Fair enough."

We made small talk, about music and work. 

"Did-did I ever introduce myself?" he asked me suddenly very alarmed.

"No"

"My names Sebastian, I'm sorry I pride myself on being a gentleman and here I forgot to tell you my name."

"No problem, nice to meet you."

We stood in silence for a few moments as several party goers stumbled out. 

"Do you wanna get out of here?" He asked tentatively.

"Sure, but I'll drive." I said.

He nodded then left to tell what I assume was his ride there that he was leaving.

We left the party and walked in silence to my car. I got in and started the car, cold air blasted out from the vents.

"Sorry, my car takes forever to heat up" I muttered putting my seat belt on. 

He shrugged all the while having an unwavering gaze locked onto my every move.

I tried to ignore it the best I could, but I could feel his eyes on every inch of my body and to be honest it was kind of hot. I had never felt this before.

"So, where to?" I asked trying to avoid eye contact.

"I don't want to sound like a douche that's just trying to get into your pants, but we can go back to my apartment?"

I considered it. If I went to his house, he is slightly drunk and it's late, he didn't seem like a bad guy, but would he start something? And if he did try to start something, would I stop him?

"Sure, tell me where to navigator." 

He spent the next 5 minutes directing me to his apartment all while making small talk, asking questions like what I enjoyed reading, what music I liked, did I have pets, did I have tattoos.

"I have 7 actually, but they are pretty well hidden." I replied smiling.

"Hmm I'll have to look into those." He said matter of factly looking me dead in the eyes. His steel blue eyes bore into my own and I felt heat rise up in parts of me that hadn't been touched by a man in a good while. His lips curved into the ever present smirk that he seemed to carry and I had the most intense urge to kiss him and find out what he tasted like. 

Quickly I turned the car off and unlocked the doors so we could go inside. My entire body was burning and I had no idea why. 

He led me into his basement apartment. It was small, made for 1 or 2 occupants at best. There were dark curtains hanging on the windows and various bits of art work and posters lining the walls. Half melted candles sat around the coffee table and an ashtray sat in the center. A bowl and a tray of weed sat on a desk in the corner. And a black over stuffed couch was the center attraction; parallel from it was a large TV with a game system hooked to it. All in all it was a bachelor pad. But it was somehow warm and comfortable and I found myself giving him my hoodie when he asked if he could take my coat, something I never did. 

I sat on the couch letting it envelope me, the material was something close to suede and it felt nice against my bare arms. He came back with a bottle of unopened water and a soda he was sipping on. He offered me the water.

"There's soda, and beer, but I didn't know what to get you I figured water was safe."

"Perfect" I replied.

"Want to watch a movie?" He asked.

"Is this going to turn into "Netflix and Chill"?" I asked sarcastically.

He laughed.

"No, not unless you want it to."

I wasn't sure I didn't and that was the problem.

He settled on the couch a fair distance away so as to prove he wasn't going to try anything. He had taken his coat off and underneath he had a simple black button up shirt with the sleeves rolled to his elbows, dark jeans clad his legs and he was now barefoot. 

I took my sneakers off and curled my legs up under me as he turned on a movie. "Queen of the Damned" came onto the screen. I'd never seen the movie and was instantly hypnotized by the music and sensuality of the story. So much so that I never realized Sebastian had inched his way across the gap between us and was now sitting inches from my side.

I looked at him, the candles he'd lit causing shadows to dance across his face. He reached his hand over tentatively onto mine that sat in my lap. His broad palms encompassed my smaller hand; his skin was warm and rough. His fingers held callouses that said he could actually play the guitar I had seen him with earlier. I looked into his eyes, my gaze skimming up from his mouth that had a smile playing at the corners.

Normally I demanded people ask before they kiss me, but when he leaned in I found myself eagerly awaiting his lips to close the space between our mouths. His lips were warm and soft, and just a whisper against mine. The stubble from his beard tickled my skin and gave me goose bumps as he kissed me harder. My hands found their way into his long brown locks and his arms caught me as we lay back on the couch. His upper body was laid across mine, my chest heaving under the material of my shirt as my breathing became more erratic while our kisses got hotter. His warm hands found my sides and slid up the curve of my hips and over to my stomach where he let his fingers trace circles over my quivering flesh. His mouth trailed hot kisses from my mouth to my neck. His facial hair causing more goose bumps to rise and pulling my nipples tight under my bra. His teeth found my throat and he bit down enough to make me gasp and rake my nails over his shoulders. Everything about his touch was erotic. Somewhere in the blur of kissing and biting my top and bra had been removed and he had helped himself to latching his mouth around one nipple gently nibbling it while his tongue worked circles over the tender flesh. I arched my back into him. Not normally one that enjoyed my nipples being touched whatever he was doing was heavenly. He moved his mouth across my chest and gave the other breast the same treatment. I was so focused on the little shocks of electric pleasure he caused to ripple through me I hadn't noticed my jeans were undone and his hand was gently teasing my searing hot flesh over top of my red panties. He groaned when he touched the center of the material and felt moisture that had leaked through. I was incredibly wet for this guy. 

He danced his tongue and teeth down my torso and across my hips to wear my panties lay covering the only unexplored part of my skin. He looked at me hotly before bending down and removing my underwear with his teeth. I nearly moaned. Coming up between my legs he let his fingers separate the skin concealing my most intimate parts. As he ran a long finger up over my clit he kissed me hard and willed my mouth open with his tongue. I obliged and moaned into his lips while he teased my clit, our tongues slipping seductively together. 

I pulled his bottom lip between my teeth at the same time he slipped 2 long fingers inside me. I gasped, freeing his lips and trembling just from the erotic intrusion. He started kissing my neck again while his incredibly dexterous fingers worked inside of me. I had never been with a guy that could bring this kind of pleasure from fingering. 

Jolts of pleasure made me twitch when he started sucking on my nipples again, and I arched my back in orgasm biting down hard on my lip when he found my g-spot. 

He worked my pussy until my orgasm subsided. Then pulled his fingers out and popped them into his mouth one at a time licking them clean. Mouth slightly agape I pulled his lips onto mine and tasted myself off of his skin. I wanted more. I sat up and switched places with him, pulling his pants off as his shirt had made an exit sometime before my orgasm, leaving him as naked and vulnerable as me. I could see the slight hesitation in his eyes as his dick was bared to me for the first time. I slowly looked down his body, admiring every inch of it. Every scar, every muscle, every tattoo. When I reached the point between his thighs, I bit my lip. 

Girls are used to telling guys they have a big cock and it's not true. But he genuinely had the biggest cock I'd ever encountered, the skin was smooth and taut pulled over his full length. The tip glistened with tales of his arousal. I gently wrapped my hand around him, and he sucked in a quick breath. The skin was soft and warm. I bent down and touched my tongue to the glistening fluid leaking from him, pulling back a string of it stayed attached to my lip. 

"Oh fuck, that's hot" he muttered.

I smiled and bent between his legs popping my ass up and took the tip of him into my mouth. His skin tasted slightly salty but not overly, he smelled clean and musky. I closed my eyes and pulled the rest of his impressive size into my mouth moaning as he hit the back of my throat. His hands gently found their way to my shoulders, as if he was urging me on. I took the hint and started bobbing my head while I ran my tongue along his shaft. He groaned pushing his hips up. 

After a few minutes he gently pulled away and lay me back down. 

"That was great but I want to cum with you."

I bit my lip and nodded. He leaned down kissing me while he positioned himself at the opening of my pussy. I spread my legs further and thrust my hips up to meet him as he slid into me slowly. We both moaned. He filled me. 

Holding himself up on his forearms he started to thrust into me, not hard or fast at first. But over time he went faster, and I encouraged him to go deeper and harder as I gripped his hips pulling his cock as deep into me as he could physically go. We became a chorus of moans and sighs, my nails gently ran along his skin. He adjusted himself so as his dick slammed into me; he would also rub my clit. The added friction made me lose my mind; I knew there was no way I was lasting much longer. 

"Fuck, I'm gonna..."I panted out.

He smiled and worked harder and deeper into me. I pulled him in and buried my face against his throat as orgasm overcame me in a flood of hot lava flowing through my body and bursting into fireworks in my head. His thrusting never ceased while I shook in orgasm, he sought his own. As a second wave came over me, he too found his release in the clenching of my pussy around his cock. His hot cum filled me and began to run out as his thrusts slowed and his dick twitched its defeat. He slowly pulled out and lay next to me, both of us trying to remember how to breathe again.

"That was...awesome" He said chuckling.

I smiled, 

"Indeed."

We continued in silence for a few moments more before I broke out into giggles.

"Should I be worried?" he asked arching an eyebrow.

"It's never good when a girl laughs after sex"

"No, you're fine it's just I just realized...I never told you my name."

He paused, staring blankly for a moment before laughing also.

"Well, this just got awkward."

I rolled over and extended my hand.

"I'm Abbie, nice to meet you."

"Pleasure is all mine." He replied smirking.