 In Pleasure of the Tribes Part-2, I described how, Rupa, whose husband was killing her for not having a baby, while he himself slept with Rani, Rupa's younger sister, ended up falling in love with me. I gave her a child. Rani, who was my former sex-partner, had eloped with her boyfriend and was out of the story now. This part of the story starts when it was Rupa's 9th month of pregnancy. She was about to deliver and had too big a belly to come and meet me, or work at our place. So, as a temporary settlement with my granny, Rupa had sent Kunmun Bhabi to substitute as the maid while Rupa was away.

Their immense poverty forced these tribal women to work as domestic help at our places, even women like Kunmun Bhabi. Kunmun Bhabi was a fat, dark oily skinned cow of a woman, whose movements were sluggish and clumsy. When she first joined, I used to get irritated at her clumsiness, but got used to her ways in a while. Still I kept out of Kunmun Bhabi's way for a couple of weeks. 

With Rupa absent, my days were boring now. I would study and study till I got bored, then I would go up to the terrace and masturbate. With each passing day, the lack of sex was making me more and more frustrated. My readers can well imagine how frustrated I had started to become that I was beginning to eye Kunmun Bhabi. I would keep staring at her giant ass when she was around and at her belly which showed through her sari.

One day while I was sitting on the terrace, I heard the gate of our compound open. So I got up to check who had come. It was Kunmun Bhabi. I would have gone back to sit but didn't because Kunmun Bhabi was acting weird. She was looking here and there checking if there was anyone around. What was she up to, I thought. Soon I found out. She walked to the side of our building. On the side of our building there was a five-foot gap between the boundary and the outer wall of our house. Kunmun Bhabi stopped there and sat down there to pee. She raised her sari and petticoat, thus baring her sexy ass. I couldn't see her pussy from where I was standing but the sight of the spray of clear liquid that she was giving out was turning me on.

When she was done, she shoved her pelvis forward to get rid of the last drops of pee, and got up. At this moment she suddenly looked up...and saw me standing on the terrace. I didn't move a muscle even though I was feeling frightened. Then Kunmun Bhabi got embarrassed and walked away, climbed the stairs up to our house. That was that for the day. I didn't see her again as I stayed at the terrace, reading a porn magazine that I had bought. I masturbated after that, thinking of Kunmun Bhabi's ass. 

The next day, my grandparents had gone out to shop when Kunmun Bhabi came to work. Unlike the sari that she wore usually, today she was wearing a maxi. The maxi actually showed how huge her boobs were...somewhere around 46 D. I opened the door for her. Our eyes met for a sec after which she walked past me into the house. "No one home?" she asked me. I said, "Yes, luckily." Kunmun Bhabi didn't say anything and walked into the kitchen to do the dishes. I stood at the door of the kitchen watching Kunmun Bhabi working. Actually I was watching the movement of her boobs as she moved her hands washing the dishes. After a while I walked away, but made sure Kunmun Bhabi got a view of the erection in my pants. After my escapades with Rani and Rupa, I had definitely grown brave, as approaching Kunmun Bhabi was a really crazy move. I couldn't be sure as to how she would react. She was a 44 year old widow and women of that age are usually orthodox and things could go horribly wrong if she opened her mouth before my family, but how could I help doing what I was? I had got used to sex and I desperately needed it. So my approaches began to get more obvious.

I would conspicuously rub my body with her bums when she would be sweeping the floor. I would keep staring at her boobs when she talked to me. I would rub my crotch where she could watch. At last she couldn't take it and said: "Boy, you are growing up." This was the opportunity I had been waiting for. I went up close to her and said, "So you noticed at last. I am 19, quite a grown up. I would be of marriageable age in a couple of years. I have probably done more girls than you have done guys, Kunmun Bhabi." I chuckled. I felt silent because she was not saying anything in response to my words. Now I started to get nervous. What would happen next, I thought.

The next thing I know, Kunmun Bhabi was laughing like crazy. "Boys will always be boys," she said. I waited patiently for a while but she didn't say anything. Then I asked, "How do you mean that?"

Kunmun Bhabi: Well you boys think that you do a great deed by seducing a couple of girl. You forget that we women don't really have to try to seduce guys. They get seduced without even us trying.

I knew this was the response to my "I have probably done more girls than you have done guys, Kunmun Bhabi." I got intrigued.

Me: So you have done a lot of guys, then?

Kunmun Bhabi: At least more than you have done. And better ones too. Rupa is something but Rani, eew. 

Me: You speak as if you have done movie stars!

Kunmun Bhabi: I have done everyone in this city above the age of twenty.

I looked at her in disbelief. This was one incredible claim. But notwithstanding whether it was true or not, she was driving me crazy with her words. My erection was already pushing at my pants while she went on to tell me how notorious she was.

Kunmun Bhabi: I have always wished for a lot. And always got what I wanted. Like sex. Satisfying me is one tough job. And I tried more men than you try clothes. Some were good, some pathetic, while some others were unique.

At this moment, I wondered at the strange things that happen in the world. This fat dark tribal woman had been seducing men to pleasure her all through her life and no one knew about it. Everyone thought she was a simple widow and pitied her. But now that she had let me into her secret, I wanted to know how she did it or rather what she had in her that made people crazy enough to do her, that fat cow that she was.

I have often said that beauty and sex appeal are two different things and I still say it. It was proved when Kunmun Bhabi stripped in front of me. After telling me about her reality she just said that she knew what I needed and took off her clothes. Then I saw it. That raw sex appeal that her body had. Those soft giant boobs. The fat dark belly with its delicious folds. The huge jingly thighs and the bush of hair in between. I knew I had struck on gold.

But the irony of the situation was that now that she was naked in front of me, I was too shy to make a move. Kunmun Bhabi walked towards me, came close and caressed my erection from over my pants. I touched her breasts now. I took her breasts in both my hands and squeezed lightly. They were soft like a feather pillow. And from the touch of those dark breasts I knew they were juicy too. 

I bent down and put my mouth on her breasts. Kunmun Bhabi took her breasts in her hands and squeezed them on my face. First she squeezed lightly but then she was very harsh on her assets. And incredibly, after the first two squeezes, her boobs started leaking white milk. I closed my lips on her leaking nipples and suckled. While at it, I sneaked my hands round her body and cupped her bums, squeezing gently. I realized that unlike her boobs, Kunmun Bhabi's bums were hard and warty. I kept caressing her bums for a while, as my lips nibbled and sucked her nipples. 

Then all very gently I started pushing a finger into the crack of her ass. It took the whole length of my index finger to reach her butt hole. Her hole was slightly wet and I started rubbing my finger on it. All of a sudden, Kunmun Bhabi pushed me away and said, "Want my ass? You have to treat it real well if I give it to you." I nodded.

Kunmun Bhabi turned round and bent down such that her ass was right in front of my face. She held her ass cheeks and parted them to show me her black asshole. It looked wet too, glistening a bit. I didn't know what to do with it so I put my mouth to her ass and licked her asshole. It tasted sour. I licked some more spitting in a lot of saliva on her hole to lubricate it. She bent down a bit more as I pushed my tongue into her butt. Then I got up and released my erection from the tangles of my pants and started pushing it into her asshole.

Kunmun Bhabi moaned a bit. That feels like a giant cock, she commented. As a reply, I pushed in a bit more, this time getting my tip to slide into her tight opening. Now I pushed further and got my whole thing inside her anus. She gasped. You are big, she said. Now I started banging into her ass. She was quiet at first but with my movements, she started moaning, first slightly and then louder. And while I was doing this, I bent down and put my hand round her body and started massaging her boobs. I continued doing it till my hands were wet with her milk.

Now I let my hands slide down to her abdomen and further down. I kept to her hairy crotch. As I moved further down, my fingers came across her thick vagina lips. It felt like a thick loaf of bread. She was slippery wet and so wide that I could easily dig a couple of fingers of both my hands into her. I got very turned on by this and started pumping harder into her ass. And with a sudden groan, I ejaculated inside her. My penis throbbed as I shot my load of cum inside her asshole. Kunmun Bhabi's reaction to this was a light "aah". 

I had decided to give this boasting cow the fuck of her life. So I started on my mission by making her lie down. I had to keep her busy till my cock hardened again. So after Kunmun Bhabi lied down I parted her legs. Indeed her pussy lips were THICK. They looked like two sausages. So I couldn't resist licking them and once I started I couldn't stop. I kept nibbling at her vagina lips and clitoris. She had a large hole and I kept licking till the taste of her cunt had faded and all I could taste was my own saliva. 

Then I got up and put a finger into her cunt. It slipped in. I put another with it, and then another. I realized her vagina was so wide that I could get my whole fist into her. So I did it. I started pushing my fist into her cunt while she had her eyes closed. She moaned. I pushed my whole fist into her and started pumping with it. Now she started moaning. I got excited and pushed in further. Even my wrist disappeared into her cunt. This showed the kind of fuck this cunt had taken. 

As I thought about all this, I kept moving my fist and soon brought Kunmun Bhabi to her first orgasm, then the second and the third. And as I continued I realized that a rock hard erection was ready in my crotch now. I raised her fat legs in the air and rubbed my huge cock on her wet pussy lips. I slowly pushed in. though, my cock slid in easily, she couldn't take the whole length of it in the first go. I was too long for her, I thought. And the thought boosted my confidence. I started pumping into her making sure that I hit her clitoris each time I pumped into her. She moaned each time I hit it, and her mouth opened. Now I started squeezing her breasts along with my movements and soon I was squeezing it very hard. So much so that now a spray of milk burst out of her left breast.

In her excitement, Kunmun Bhabi took her own nipples into her mouth and started suckling at them. This aroused me to an extent that I was about to cum. So I pulled out and stood up, cock in hand and pointed my erection at her face and shoved it. She opened her mouth and took it in. With a sudden jerk, I blasted in her mouth, spraying my whole load inside her. She swallowed thrice before I finished ejaculating. Then without taking my penis out of her mouth, she continued sucking at it. Now as she sucked my cock, she squeezed her breasts and a spray of milk hit my thighs and shin.

Now I pushed her away and turned her around and made her lie on the bed face down. I sat on her back and started masturbating. When I climaxed, I ejaculated on her hair. She laughed. "You kinky bastard," she exclaimed. And then she pushed me off her and came over my chest and before even I could react she started peeing on my face. I closed my eyes but could feel her warm fluid flowing on my face and I could smell it too. When she was done she brought her pussy down on my face and made me lick the last drops of her urine from her cunt. Then she rose up and stroked her breasts a couple of times and said, "I am done. Want to do something else?"

I looked at her and then went close to her. I started suckling her. She sat back and lied down on the bed. I lay by her side feeding on her milk for a long time, after which both of us had a bath together. While bathing, I told her, "You know you can pee in the bathroom here whenever you like, instead of doing it outside." Then as an afterthought, I said, "And yes, whenever you pee, tell me so that I can see you doing it." Kunmun Bhabi laughed.

After that day Kunmun Bhabi and I fucked at various places, like our backyard, on the staircase of our house and also at her hut. It was real sexy there because she was all sweaty and dirty and we fucked and licked each other. This went on for some more weeks after which Rupa was ready to work. Our baby had been born and over a month had passed.

After rejoining work at our place, the first thing Rupa did when she found me alone was give me a blow-job. She was surprised to find that my penis had grown thicker. "Credit goes to the hands," I lied, as I thought of Kunmun Bhabi's giant pussy hole which I could now fill completely.