 Her hands slid down his smooth torso to grasp his surprisingly impressive cock. Marveling at the unusual thickness of it, she gently held up his length on her palm so that she could inspect it.

His penis was squat, thick from base to neck with a wickedly bulbous head that curved up slightly. His scrotum looked heavy with seed and hung like ripe fruit from his shaft. He wasn't long and thick as a baby's arm like black guys or long and narrow with drooping balls like white guys, but his length was respectable enough and her pussy was twitching deliciously at the thought of his member's girth dragging her vagina walls.

She covered his penis with her other hand and fondled it like it was a pet. She delighted at her unusual wave of affection for this piece of flesh. After all, with all the meat on display at the internet it took a lot to surprise anyone nowadays.

He panted heavily as she played with him. He fisted his hands to his sides. His body rigid and trembling with the electricity shooting from his cock. His chest muscles jumped when she unexpectedly gave a tiny pinch to the skin that webbed between his balls. His pulse drummed thickly in his ears and he was near deaf to all else. His nostrils, however, flared from the spicy musk of her arousal. Precum peeked from the tiny hole of his shaft's head.

She quickly kneeled down to catch the dew with a chaste pressing of her lips, fancifully thinking that she was kissing the cute pouty lips of his nether head. He was unbelievably turned on by how erotic her gesture was. He appreciated it more than if she had simply swiped his cum with her tongue. His cock was infused by a spurt of blood that sprinted south at the feel of her silky kiss and it jumped from her palm. It bobbed restlessly, lewdly seeking a hole to fill.

She looked at him and gave a delighted laugh. "I like him. He's cute."

He groaned in frustration. He didn't want her to find his little Joe adorable. He wanted his rod lodged deep in her with her plump pussy lips clasping his hilt snuggly. But as she was running this show and he was still in wonder that the most beautiful girl he ever laid eyes on, the hottest girl in his class, hell, the whole university, showed interest in him he gave a hesitant plea: "P-please...would you...could you..." Heat rose to his cheeks when he found that he was too embarrassed to ask her to fuck him silly.

By the gods, I love them choir boys, she thought to herself. Her heart gave a slow turn at his shyness, quickly replaced by the desire to debauch him.

He didn't know that it was his quiet and bashful personality that made her pay attention in the first place. He was obviously intelligent by the informed and thoughtful answers that he gave in class, and he didn't lack for confidence when it came to schoolwork or extracurriculars. He wasn't bad looking either. Thick black hair that was neatly styled, smiling eyes and the natural tan of exotic men. Lean and tall with wiry forearms that showed strength. Wide palms and big feet. His clothes could use an update though, as he favored loose shirts and shapeless khakis that did nothing to compliment his tight body. She, herself, was pleasantly surprised by the supple Adonis she unwrapped from his clothes.

Still, it was his gentle and shy overtures of friendship that won her over. Plus he was easy to please. She just had to pay him some attention and he would flash a sweet grin that showed of his dimples. It never failed to make her weak at the knees.

Not for the first time did she silently thank the powers that be for giving her the blond hair and baby blues that never failed to attract men. With her lush body and sinfully beautiful face it didn't take a lot of effort to line 'em up, but this time she thinks she's found a keeper.

His head spinning, he moaned for her to touch him, afraid that his lack of aggression was turning her off. Grasping his cock she swirled her tongue round and round its head, while she looked up at him. He wanted to close his eyes and completely give into the sensation but he couldn't tear his eyes off her soft red tongue as it teased the tip of his dick till it was shiny with a thick film of saliva.

His eyes nearly bugged out of their sockets when she suddenly slurped his whole cock into her mouth without warning. Drool pooled in his mouth in sympathy as she suckled him enthusiastically. Her mouth was hot and wet and her tongue cruelly twirled about his rod. It amazed him that he was able to hold back raping her mouth and emptying his seed deep into her throat.

While she blew him thoroughly, she slipped a hand between her legs to play with her clit that had long since jutted out from its hiding place. She fluttered her fingers at her pearl, occasionally dipping into her weeping slit. When she had amply lubricated his shaft until her syrupy saliva was dripping from his balls, she laid back with her legs spread wantonly, beckoning him to plunder her cunt.

He eagerly crawled on top of her, but because of his inexperience he hesitated on what his next step would be. Growling impatiently, nearly mindless with how his stop-and-go-shy-hottie signals were pushing all her buttons, she grabbed his ass with one hand and dick with the other while pushing up her hips to meet his crotch. With a violent slam she introduced his cock to her cunt.

She groaned at how full his cock felt plugged into her. Her vagina spasmed in fat throbs. Her pussy lips stretched fully by the thick root of his cock. His pubic hair tickled her clit and tangled with her own neat fuzz. He too froze when she sheathed him in one fluid stroke. He was in shock at finally reaching home base when he barely had experience in second. Tremors of pleasure wracked his frame in sensory overload. His cock throbbed in time with the pulsing of her tight sex. Blood rushed eagerly into his shaft, increasing his length in painful inches, and he felt faint. Her nether lips gripped possessively at his root. His scrotum was filling up with boiling cum, smoothing over what little excess skin it had.

When she experimentally clamped down on his cock his id took over with the primal need to mate, and he began thrusting in wild abandon uncaring of finesse and technique. She reveled at the sight of him rutting her hole like a common animal, wickedly pleased at the complete stripping of his reserved nature. He was fucking like he needed it to survive, and she knew she'd lovingly wear the bruises from their intense coupling. She tweaked his nipples to egg him on and was rewarded by a surprised yelp with him switching to deep punishing thrusts that knocked their pelvises together.

In his madness to possess he suddenly swung a leg over her hip and stood up, dragging her up with him by her legs. She was thankful that she seduced him in bed as she was forced to take her weight by her upper back and neck. Their legs were scissored and met at the crotch. His powerful arms jerked her up while he thrust down seemingly intent on packing as much meat into her velvety purse till even his balls could fit in.

Her spine protested at how she was folded over and her neck was getting a crick. She pushed a foot on his abdomen and twisted away. Unwilling to leave the heavenly heat of her sex he dropped to his knees in sync when he felt her pull away. Their movement had the unexpected benefit of having his cock rotate into her. She sighed at the feel of his blunt curved head giving her snatch an intimate half moon caress.

At her pause, he quickly grabbed hold of her tiny waist nearly encircling it with his hands and roughly pulling her up to him, the pale globes of her ass calling his loins like a siren. He longed to run his questing tongue over and over the valley of her butt cheeks and to lap the puckered hole of her anus.

For now he was fascinated by the sight of his glistening shaft disappear again and again into the plump folds of her dripping cunt.

This time he fucked her in a slow sweet pace from the tip of his shaft till he was balls deep.

Vaguely his mind whispered that he was perfectly aligned to her g-spot. What remained of his rational mind reminded him to take advantage of all the research he put in when he masturbated to fantasies of her.

With new intent he started putting a flourish to his thrusts and sought different angles. She was constantly moaning now and she murmured broken phrases of encouragement and lust.

He humped her ass with renewed vigor, keeping an angle that made her gasp in pleasure. His cock rubbed maddeningly at the spongy bit of flesh deep within her. The head of his penis nosed her womb rhythmically.

Her head fell to her arms and she pushed her rump up in silent sacrifice. She splayed her legs as far apart as she could. The stream of erotic phrases replaced by mewling as she panted heavily on the bed sheet, spit dribbling from her open mouth.

He groaned at her pliant pose and the instinctive little up thrusts she made to meet his ramming cock. He breathed deeply and willed himself to keep from cumming.

For what seemed like an eternity, with his dick on fire and on the cusp of pain and pleasure, she felt the onset of her orgasm. Bolts of heat scurried up her spine and her anus began to tingle.

Suddenly she cummed in one grand explosion of spurting fluids. Juices from deep within furiously hosed his cock in a bubbly mix with the richer cream of her vagina, but couldn't find release as her pussy stubbornly grasped the wide root of his dick, so her fluids seeped through where it could and dripped in teasing rivulets down their thighs and his belly.

With a strangled cry, her boiling fluids and the lascivious sucking of her vagina triggered his orgasm. He shot his load in cruel spasms of thick threads of cum. His scrotum and penis spasmed with every spurt of seed he fired away. She moaned as she had another smaller orgasm at the feel of his cock emptying in her. Both spent, they fell on their sides to the bed. He spooned her as aftershocks sped through their bodies. Her legs couldn't stop shaking and he drew her closer to his chest, nuzzling into her hair, thinking that she was cold. He drew the sheet over them.

Eventually her vaginal muscles relaxed enough to release him, and when he reluctantly slid out of her he strangely felt homesick and wanted to burrow into her inviting warmth again.

Their combined cum wept generously from her pussy and it seeped into the bed. She didn't mind lying on the wet spot of their musky juice. Their aroma hung thick in the room, and it pleased her.

Feeling for his flaccid cock she lifted a leg and drew him back in. He purred happily into her hair at the uncanny way she read his mind.

"Welcome home, lover." she sighed before drifting off to sleep.