 What a way to start a Monday morning! Seems it wasn't meant for me to have a nice day home alone to enjoy the peace and quiet. All I wanted to do was stay home...take a nice hot bath...and read a good book with a hot cup of cappuccino. Not the case today...I suppose I will have to call the plumber since the tub is clogged.

I began thumbing through the yellow pages. So many plumbers...I just hope I can find one that is able to show up on such short notice. After three calls...still no one. My last call...surely this guy can come out...I'm sure it won't take long. Finally...someone answers...a man with a deep sexy voice answers the phone. I explain to him what the problem is...he tells me yes before I can even finish. Hmm...he was quite eager. Guess he is in need of business.

I take a quick shower in the spare bathroom. As I sort through my panties...I decide to put on a yellow silk thong...I'm in a sexy sort of mood today. As I glance in the mirror...I notice that the yellow really shows my tan...and the thong accentuates my round plump ass. I throw on a pair of short gray cotton shorts and a little white cotton tank top...I decide to leave my bra off. Maybe I'll have some fun afterall...I can tease the plumber at least.

With the hair dryer on...I barely hear the ring of the door bell. I hustle around and straighten up the counter where I had been fixing my make-up. Finally...after adding a touch of pink to my already pouty lips I head for the door. 

I peer through the peep hole to make sure it is him...I smile to myself...he was quite a handsome man. As I open the door...his back is towards me as he is heading back to his truck. When he turns around I smile and apologize for the hesitancy of opening the door. I can feel the cool breeze come in through the door and my nipples harden. I am sure he has noticed. He smiles as I invite him inside. Hmm...this might be an adventure...

I lead him back through my bedroom and into the bathroom. He has his case of tools in his hand. I show him the tub and as he gets down in the floor on his knees I have a chance to check him out without him noticing. Nice ass...I think to myself.

He turns around and interrupts my thoughts as he tells me to look closer at the drain. As I bend down to look at what has clogged my tub...I notice him glancing at the sight of my full round breasts almost busting out of the top of my tank. If I bent over any more...I know they would spill right out of my shirt!

As he cleans the drain for me I lean back against the sink and watch. It didn't take long before he was done. I was a little disappointed that it didn't take longer. Oh well...I can fantasize about him later while I masturbate.

As I write him a check...he gathers his tools and waits for me to finish. When I reach him the check...our fingers brush...our eyes meet...and he smiles...says thank you...and leaves his card. As I close the door I flip the card with my fingers...I'll be calling him again.

I gather my book...my glasses...and my cappuccino. I begin reading and the story that unfolds on the pages before me has made me moist. Before I can even finish Chapter 3...I slide my shorts off and slip out of my panties. The darkened wet spot on the crotch of my panties proves to me what I already know. 

I lay back against the sofa and prop my legs up on the wooden coffee table. As I spread my legs...I slide one hand down to massage my clit...my other hand pinching the stiffened nipple that protrudes through my flimsy tank. As I toy with my clit...the wetness grows and I can hear the smacking sounds of my finger rubbing my clit and grazing the sides of my swollen lips...I am imagining the plumber being down on his knees between my legs lapping up my juices as I pleasure myself. God...his tongue would feel good licking the insides of my thighs...slowly...teasing me...I can feel the goose bumps form on my arms and legs as I continue to fantasize about him...

As I am about to come...I quickly slide my finger inside of me and pretend it is the plumbers' cock fucking me...I can feel the tightness begin...then release...as I orgasm with my juices flowing freely onto my hand and dripping down onto the cushion beneath me...

My legs are unsteady as I stand up and dress myself. I make a mental note to call the plumber back here again...soon...

********************

Over the course of the next couple of weeks I find myself thinking of that plumber quite often...imagining how good his lips would feel lingering against mine...his tongue darting in and out...

My need to see the plumber again overcame my nervousness and I strode to the kitchen to retrieve his business card. I stared at the card...trying to get up the nerve to dial. I held my breath and punched in the number...after two rings...I hear that familiar sexy voice as I had heard once before. I told him who I was...and asked if he had time to stop by. Without any more explanation from me as to why I requested his presence...he agreed to arrive in around 30 minutes.

As I clumsily hung up the phone...my mind started wondering as to what I was going to wear. I took a quick hot shower and shaved my legs...along with my pubic area. There's just something about being shaved down there that makes me feel even more sexy...not to mention it looks so much more inviting.

I hurriedly dried my freshly cleaned body and applied a lightly scented body lotion that added a soft and sensual aroma to my skin. I carefully applied a silver toned shadow to my eyelids...this accentuated the deep brown of my eyes...a hint of blush to give me a "glow"...and a touch of deep mahogany to my full pouty lips. I carefully picked out a silver and burgundy silk sheath to wear that emphasized my every curve. Finally...I decided on wearing my naturally curly dark brown hair piled on top of my head with little wavy strands framing my face. 

As I made my way to the living room I heard a vehicle in the drive. With butterflies in my stomach...I hastily went to the door and as he pressed the door bell...I opened it with a smile. He returned the smile and I invited him in. We stood there in the entry way for what seemed like several minutes. As our eyes met...he came closer to me and took me into his strong arms and gave me a tight squeeze...almost on instinct my head tilted up towards his and our lips met...

My mind was racing...not to mention my heart...of all the times I had thought about this moment...I never imagined the very touch of his lips to mine would arouse such a desire in me...

As our mouths lingered...our hands began to wonder...I ran my hands up and down his muscled arms...over his broad shoulders...up his neck...down his back...and finally let them rest on his nice firm ass. He pulled me into him...my breasts crushing against his chest. Our tongues entwined...exploring...his hands were moving down to tweak my hardened nipples...slightly pulling...enticing them to become even more pronounced through the flimsy satin...As he slid his strong hand down my side...he slightly tugged at the tie keeping my sheath together...I allowed it to slide open and slip carelessly off my shoulders and land onto the floor. I was now standing completely nude in front of a man I hardly knew... 

As if in a trance...I took his hand and led him back to my king size bed. As he began unbuttoning his shirt I sprawled down onto the big bed where I could take in the full view of his body as he undressed. When every stitch of clothing was removed...he climbed onto the bed and hovered over my body. His musky smell tickled my nostrils...I couldn't inhale enough of it. He placed his hands on each side of my face and brought my lips to his...his tongue began to delve in and out of my mouth...enticing all of my senses...I began to feel the moisture increase between my legs...his strong hands began to roam inquisitively over my taut body. He removed his mouth from mine and made his way down to my breasts...grasping one in his hand...devouring the other one with his mouth...my nipples protruding out in stiffened peaks...he kneaded my breasts with his hands causing me to gasp with excitement...

His tongue began a slow tease down my tummy till he reached the core of my womanhood...he caressed my thighs and began to plant soft kisses all around my shaven mound...tracing the outside of my lips with the the tip of his tongue...as he parted my lips with the tips of his fingers...my flowering bud was in full view...he began to lightly suck and slurp on it making me squirm with delight...as he ravished my clit he slipped his hand down to feel the wetness that had begun to drip down onto my inner thighs...He buried his face into me inhaling the sweet aroma that surrounded him...

We rolled over together and the full length of my body rested on his...we kissed passionately until I broke away and made my way down to his hairy chest...I began to suck and tease his nipples...first the left one...and then the right...I carefully moved down to his stiffened cock...I had not been able to take in the full view of his erect penis until now...I was beginning to wonder if I could take it all...

I placed one hand at the very base...and easily placed my other hand above it...the purple-like tip was still protruding up as I gripped his manhood with both hands...I placed my tongue to the tip and began a slow circling dance around it...I removed one hand and began to stroke it slowly at first...grasping his balls in my other hand...massaging the cum-filled tightness till he began to squirm...I inhaled as much of his monstrous cock that I could without choking...I could feel him pulsating in my mouth...He placed his hands on each side of my head and began to pump in and out of my mouth...his balls slapping up against my chin...

"I want to be inside of you," he whispered.

The look on my face must have relayed to him what I was thinking.

"I promise to be gentle. I won't hurt you."

He rose up and laid me gently down onto the bed. He hovered over me and as I spread my legs for him he slowly put the tip just at my entrance...very carefully he urged forward and slid the tip just inside...I was feeling like a virgin all over again...I felt a small stabbing pain but I encouraged him to go on...as he plunged timidly into me he smothered my mouth with his as a slight groan escaped from between my lips...

He laid still until my body adjusted to his size...as he felt my inner walls relax he began a slow and easy pumping...as the pain subsided the pleasure began to overtake me...I grabbed onto his hips and spread my legs for him wider to reassure him that I craved more...

As he continued to graze my g-spot with each thrust my legs began to stiffen and I could feel the orgasm beginning to erupt...my eyes staring into his...my back arched and I came with such intensity that tears began to fall from my eyes and I moaned as each continuing wave shook my whole being. "OH...MY...GOD," I screamed. As my body hesitantly ceased convulsing...he lowered his face to mine and kissed the joyful tears away from my damp face...

"Are you okay?"

I was almost speechless. I had never had such a powerful orgasm.

"Yes," I stammered. My voice was slightly quivering as were my legs.

As he saw that I had recovered from my climax...he eagerly began to pump into me again...this time for his own release. I could feel the muscles in his ass contract underneath my trembling hands with each steady stroke. As he got closer his breathing became more labored.

"Come for me," I whispered.

His body stiffened and he began to grunt...his seed exploded inside of me with each contraction of his body...beads of sweat slipped from his forehead onto my breasts...

We held each other there in that position for several minutes...as his cock softened he slipped slowly from within me...He showered me with kisses and massaged my back as I rolled over onto my side. He nuzzled into my neck and wrapped his strong arms around my waist...we lay like that for several minutes.

Hesitantly...we both got up and dressed...I walked him to the door...as he stepped outside he turned and looked at me and smiled an impish grin...l wasn't sure...but I thought he was confirming that we would have one another again...soon...

Slowly I made my way back to the bedroom...I climbed onto the bed where he and I had been only minutes before...I could still feel the warmth of his body on the rumpled sheets...I laid there and drifted slowly off to sleep dreaming of our next encounter...