 Sarah had moved into the apartment next door to me at the beginning of summer. I noticed right away that she was attractive and had hoped to meet her some time over the next three months. However, our schedules must have been nearly opposite of each other because I very rarely saw her and when I did it seemed like one of us was usually coming and the other one was going so we'd never really had a chance to talk. 

Then one day I went down in the basement to switch my laundry from the washer to the dryer and she was down there with a laundry basket about to take hers out of the dryer. She turned out to be really friendly but we ended up having one of those conversations that neither person was expecting to have. The kind of conversation that starts out with both people babbling and accidentally interrupting each other, then eventually becomes awkwardly silent, finally it ends with both people saying how nice it was to meet you and "I hope we can talk again soon."

Right after that Sarah bent over grabbed her basket of laundry and walked out the door. I had to stare at her for a moment. She was obviously dressed in her comfy clothes, preparing for a day of rest and relaxation but regardless her ass was ridiculous even in those black and blue leggings. As soon as she left, I put four quarters in the slots threw my clothes in the dryer, slammed the coin lever in and headed upstairs. The whole time I was thinking about how much sexier she was than I had originally thought and how killer those curves were when she bent over. She had a fairly small waist but nice hips that lead down to a very full booty. It was hard to tell what her breasts looked like because she was wearing a baggy shirt but the rest of her body seemed proportionate so I guessed they would probably be just fine. 

I tried to keep myself busy for the next forty-five minutes while the load was finishing up but every once in awhile my mind would wander back to her and I'd find myself wondering about what kind of perfume she wore that had smelled so good or what those long nicely trimmed nails would feel like if she ran them down my back. After time had elapsed, I went back down and grabbed my clothes. It was the last load for the day and once it was folded I'd be able to just relax. 

There were a bunch of shirts, a couple of pairs of boxers, and a half dozen pairs of socks but right about the time I was halfway done I looked in and there was a pair of panties starring right back at me. At first I was excited but also a bit confused. My first impulse was to go over to her place, knock on the door and give them back to her. However, that would be really awkward and what if on some odd chance they weren't her's? Then I'd end up looking like some kind of pervert.

However, it didn't stop there. The next week when I did laundry it was a pair of blue and white polka dot boy briefs. The week after that a red thong. Last week it was a pair of black granny panties. Then finally, Superman panties. As time went on it seemed like less and less of a coincidence, while it also seemed to make less and less sense to go ask her about them. I couldn't imagine walking up to her door with five pairs of underwear and acting like I'd just now realized that they weren't mine. 

I pulled the Superman pair out of the basket and held them up in front of my face. They were sexy for sure and just like the previous four times I couldn't resist pressing them against my nose and just like before, they didn't disappoint. It wasn't a strong smell but it couldn't be mistaken, that sweet fragrance that only comes from a certain kind of flower. I turned the panties around and buried my nose in the giant "S". A different smell stronger and somewhat bitter but every bit as pleasant. I was about to get up and head to the bathroom when I was interrupted by a sharp knock on the door. 

I had no idea who it was but it didn't seem like they could have any worse timing. I looked through the little peep hole. 

"Damn!" 

It was Sarah. She was just standing there innocently running her hands through her hair. I opened the door just far enough for it to catch on the chain.

"Hey, can I help you?"

Her hands dropped down to her side and she suddenly appeared very confident. 

"I think you have something of mine." She said. "Can I come in?" 

I felt very awkward. I had a pile of her panties that I had been hoarding in my apartment and I was holding onto a pair as I looked out at her with half a boner poking through my pants. 

"Here." I said. I figured you'd be coming for them."

I reached out through the narrow opening and held them out to her. 

"You need to be more careful." I added.

"Thanks!" She said. "But I believe their are four more pair, can I come in?"

I wasn't feeling confident but I had to pretend. I shut the door, slid the lock on the chain and then opened it back up.

She stepped in and walked past me, turning around just long enough to ask, "Where's your bedroom?"

I pointed down the hall and she didn't stop walking. I had to hurry to keep up and when I peeked in she was already digging through my top dresser drawer. She lifted them up, "There are only three pair in here." She said.

I could feel my face flush immediately. I could tell by the look she was giving me that she was well aware of why one of the pair was missing and what I used them for.

"You like the way I smell?" She asked as she turned toward me. "But why the granny panties?" 

I lifted my pillow and there they were, the object of my affection which had connected me to this beautiful woman on multiple occasions. I was trying not to smile but the look of pleasure on her face was too much. I lifted them up to my nose.

"What color panties are you wearing now?" I asked.

"Guess right and you'll get to see them." She said, as she dropped the three pairs of panties on the floor and hooked her thumbs in her waistband. 

"You aren't wearing any." I said, as I knelt down to pick up the ones she had dropped.

She slid her sweatpants over her hips and down to her knees. I looked up, taking in the beauty that was her smooth shaven pelvic region and then my eyes rose further to see the thirst in her seductive eyes. Her hand went to the top of my head, she grabbed a fistful of my hair and pulled me toward her. I slid my tongue out just far enough to touch her. She was fairly dry but I could feel droplets of moisture forming on her lips. The taste was overwhelming, way more intoxicating than the smell. I wanted to feel every part of her. Touch. Taste. Smell. Sarah turned around suddenly and pulled me back into her, my nose forced between her cheeks and pressed against her tight hole. My lips against hers. I could feel the gush of fluids as they exploded inside of her and washed over my tongue. I inhaled her. 

Sarah bent over and placed her hands on the bed. This left her spread wide open and vulnerable in front of me. I ran my hands up her legs all the way from her ankles up over her calves and then across her thighs before squeezing down on her gorgeous ass. I licked her slit all the way from her clit to her anus and then drew a circle around it with my tongue. 

My heart was racing and right then it hit me that this had pretty come out of the blue. Just a second ago I was sitting here folding my laundry and fantasizing about my gorgeous neighbor and now I had my tongue in here ass. I laughed and she jerked forward, spinning around and sitting on my bed. 

"What's so funny?" She asked, her face flushed with embarrassment. 

"You planned this all along." I said, with a smile as I stood and leaned in to kiss her. 

She put her hand on my chest to stop me momentarily. "You can't laugh at a girl when you have a tongue in her ass. Especially not one with so many insecurities."

"What?" I said, with surprise. "You insecure? It seems like you knew exactly what you wanted and didn't stop until you got it. That seems extremely confident to me."

"I haven't got it yet." She said, as she reached forward, grabbed the waist of my pants and pulled me to her. She flipped the buckle on my belt and slid open my zipper, and kept looking into my eyes the whole time as she freed my cock. It was starting to spring to life in her hand and I could feel the blood rushing away from my brain and which left me a bit delirious as it headed toward my crotch. She slid down off of the bed until she was on her knees in front of me and the tip of my dick was in her mouth. She worked her hands up my hips and shucked my pants down past my knees and onto the floor. I felt extremely vulnerable now but in a way I was seeming to really enjoy.

She worked her way down the shaft until her chin tapped against my sack. She was staring up at me with her eyes bulging like a largemouth bass that had just realized it gobbled the wrong worm but the smile on her face assured me she planned on enjoying the battle that was about to ensue. I jerked my hips backwards and then slid them forward slowly but with a definite purpose. I could see the pleasure flooding her eyes as I filled her mouth once again with my length. This time I must have actually punched the back of her throat because she gagged and I felt her grip tighten on my shaft. Then that twitch in my balls that let me know I was really enjoying this and that if it continued I may be about to spew my seed onto her tongue. As if sensing my conundrum she reached up between my legs and made a circle around the top of my scrotum with her thumb and forefinger pinching it off as to not allow me to cum. She tried to say something but realized I couldn't really understand her with my sausage in her mouth. 

"Don't get any crazy ideas." She said. "I'm gonna let you blow your wad of course but not until you've fucked the shit out of my pussy."

After that she tightened her grip on my nuts and sucked me back in to her mouth, slamming my cock back and forth into her throat until I felt almost delirious with pleasure. Then she let go of her grip and slapped me in the sack as hard as she could manage at that angle as she continued to suck me into her throat. There must have been terror in my eyes as I looked down at her with the palm of my hand flat on the top of her head but there was immense pleasure flowing through my veins.

When she was finished torturing me, she reached out her hand for me to help her up. I took it but pushed her backwards as soon as she was standing. She fell down on the bed with her legs open just enough for me to see the moisture soaking her hairless slit. She was laughing. I was thoroughly enjoying the fact that we didn't actually even know each other yet but we were already getting along so well. I wanted to see her breasts but I felt awkward asking so I ripped off my shirt hoping that would spur her on. She just stared at my chest with a dreamy smile. Then she lifted her hand and curled her forefinger at me begging me to come get it.

Sex with someone for the first time is always a little awkward but that's what makes it special. Trying to adjust to their wants and needs and hoping so hard that you don't guess wrong at any point and ruin the romantic experience. It's sometimes just as important to enjoy a person's imperfections as it is to love their strengths. I mounted Sarah, resting my body weight on my elbows and knees to make sure I didn't crush her. I noticed that tiny sparkle in her eye and it let me know she was enjoy it as much as I was. I leaned in for a kiss and she puckered up and closed her eyes but instead I reached underneath and slid two fingers inside her pussy making sure she was wet enough for my cock and letting them bump against her clit and send shivers down her spine as I pulled them out. Her eyes opened again, filled with pleasure this time as I met her lips with mine. I took my dick in my hand and led it down to her vagina. She squirmed as it pushed past the opening and filled her up. 

Unlike many people, I think missionary is the best position ever invented. If you are passionate enough you can give a girl an orgasm just by staring into her eyes as you make love to her. It must have been working with Sarah because she started to moan and her lip was quivering as a drop of sweat formed on her forehead. 

"I'm gonna cum." She whispered, as her legs tightened and her hands gripped tightly against the bed sheets

I could feel the pleasure rising up inside of me as her pussy clamped down on my dick and a gush of warm fluid washed over it. We had just met and we were already there, connected on the same wavelength, our bodies in perfect rhythm. 

She reached up and pulled her shirt off over her head. Her skin was perfect, her stomach was tight and even a bit rippled, her breasts were small and not firm at all and her nipples looked liked chewed up bubble gum. I was surprised at how appalled I was. My first reaction was to get up and walk out of the room but she drew me back in, with those sexy, confident and almost cocky eyes. Then she flipped over suddenly and exposed the most beautiful ass I had ever seen. Now it was my turn to fuck her for my pleasure and then claim that ass as my own.