 Tim and Cash had been great friends since they were in high school, eventually even serving as best men at one another's weddings. After they'd both been married for a couple of years, they decided it would be fun to go on a vacation to Hawaii together with the wives. On many levels, Tim was very pleased with his wife. She was hot, easy to get along with, and had a successful career going. The only hiccup in the relationship for Tim was that his young wife was not very sexually liberated. In the five years he'd known her, Tim had always been slightly sexually attracted to Cash's wife Felicia, whom plain oozed sensuality. Whereas his wife was a petit little thing, Felicia was all woman. Her breasts were somewhere in the F range, and her ass needed a big dick just to be penetrated. With pale skin, and auburn red hair, Felicia reminded Tim of the erotic nude paintings from the Renaissance that always got him turned on at museums.

During their stay in Hawaii, Felicia had been the cause of many erections for Tim, and one night he'd even masturbated thinking about her. This had been during an evening where Felicia was prancing around the house in nothing but one of Cash's shirts, leaving her ass and pussy lips exposed every time she reached up or bent over, which she did deliberately quite often. Another day she got half the men on the island hard by wearing a skimpy thong to the public beach. For the first time since he had gotten married, Tim was seriously thinking about fooling around with another woman. The major problem was that this woman happened to be his best friend's wife.

One night Tim was feeling pretty sore after a long day of surfing and hiking, and decided to relax in the luxurious hot tub at the condo they were renting. Like he always did when he was at a private pool or hot tub, Tim hopped in naked. The hot water and soothing bubbles eventually led to Tim falling asleep. Not long after he was awoken by the sound of Felicia asking, "Do you mind if I join you?"

Tim stared up at Felicia to see her standing next to the hot tub in her hot pink bath robe. Tim was very curious to know what she was wearing underneath, so he replied, "Hop on in, the water feels great."

Felicia removed her robe, and to Tim's pleasant surprise she was wearing absolutely nothing underneath. She even made sure to liberally shake her tits and booty around before entering the water. It had only been a quick tease, but all of a sudden Tim was hornier than he'd been since he was a teenager. Once in the water, Felicia would every so often purposefully give Tim a view of her tits, although she pretended to do it on accident. 

As she continued to fidget around, Felicia asked, "Is it alright if I rest my feet on your thigh? I just can't seem to get comfortable."

"I don't mind at all," Tim replied.

At first Felicia simply did nothing more than rest her feet on Tim's thigh, but after a while she began massaging his inner thighs with her toes. Tim began to breathe heavier and squirm ever so slightly. Her massage was having its desired effect, so Felicia began to dig her toes in deeper, to which Tim responded by moaning slightly. Finally, Felicia placed her feet on Tim's rock hard cock, and began to stroke it up and down. While Tim moaned, Felicia giggled. As luck would have it, Tim only got to experience about thirty seconds of this immense pleasure before the jets in the hot tub turned off. "Would you mind re-setting the timer?" Felicia asked.

"I'm not so sure I can get out right now," Tim said, hoping he wouldn't have to get out of the tub and reveal his fully erect log to Felicia.

"Would you please? It's awfully cold outside, and I don't much feel like getting out of the hot water."

"Do we even need the jets on? I think it's fine as it is now."

Felicia decided to play coy. "If you do this favor for me, I'll make it worth your while."

Not being able to turn this offer down, Tim climbed out of the jacuzzi, giving Felicia an unobstructed view of his massive, erect cock. Felicia giggled, "You have a really nice dick," she said.

Tim turned the bubbles back on, and was walking back towards the jacuzzi when he noticed his wife pulling into the driveway in their rental car. This meant the end of his fun for the evening. "I hope your wife helps you out with that," Felicia said while batting her eyes at Tim's penis.

"Uh, thanks," Tim responded while wrapping himself in a towel before heading inside.

Tim's wife did in fact take care of him, but it was unsatisfying. He longed to have his cock in Felicia's warm mouth, her tits swaying, her ass bouncing as she treated his cock like a popsicle. After a night of dreaming about Felicia's curvaceous body, Tim woke up early and went surfing. He stayed in the water for a long amount of time, thinking about his encounter with Felicia the night before. He eventually returned to the house, noticing that the rental car was gone. He opened the front door, and walked inside to see Felicia cleaning the kitchen, wearing nothing but a purple g-string. Timidly he said, "Uh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize anyone was home."

Felicia giggled. "It's okay darling. I like the way you look at me."

Tim knew the time was now to seize the moment. "So, is anyone else home?"

"Nope, it's just the two of us. Cash decided to rent a boat and do some fishing, and Tracy's already left to go to that all day yoga retreat. We should have the house to ourselves all day."

This was exactly what Tim wanted to hear. Without warning he took off his trunks, walked into the kitchen and pressed his naked body up against Felicia from behind. She was a bit startled to say the least. Tim began planting kisses on her shoulder blades, eventually working his way down to her bare ass, which he started licking and biting playfully. Felicia let this go on, but the moment Tim placed his lips on her pussy she spoke up. "Whoa, whoa. Let's not go there."

Tim removed his lips from Felicia's sweet pussy. "What's the matter?"

"Look, what happened last night was a mistake. I had a few glasses of wine, and got a little out of control. We're both married and don't need to get involved in anything like this."

"But I can't tell you how badly I want to tap that beautiful ass of yours," Tim pleaded.

"I'd be lying if I said I haven't fantasized about riding your thick cock, but it's just not a good idea."

"You sure you don't want to do this?"

Felicia sighed. "I'm sure. But I'll tell you what, I picked out some outfits today that I'd like to try on for you. Would you enjoy that? I need someone to tell me how they look, and Cash just doesn't have a good eye for that sort of thing."

Tim grinned. "You don't have to ask me twice."

Tim, who was still undressed, took a seat on the couch, and Felicia came down the stairs in her first outfit. It consisted of a black lace bra, matching thong, and knee high stockings connected to a garter belt. She walked right up in front of Tim, and turned around, putting her ass right up in his face. "Does this make my butt look too big?" she asked as she put her hands on her cheeks.

"I think it looks great."

"What about now?" she asked as she bent over, placing her hands on the floor.

"Even better."

"Well, it looks like your telling the truth. Your dick certainly must like what it's seeing," she said as she pressed her palm up against Tim's shaft.

Felicia tried on a few more outfits before coming down with devil horns, red pasties on her nipples, and a red thong with an attached tail. "This one's strictly for the bedroom," she mentioned.

"I wish I could be in that bedroom when you wear it," Tim said.

"Well I'm wearing it now aren't I," Felicia said before planting a kiss on Tim's cheek.

She then preceded to give Tim a very intimate lap dance, before walking away from him, suggestively swaying he hips from side to side. She walked over to a drawer, and removed a large black dildo. She walked back up to Tim, and said, "Just imagine that this is your cock."

She deep-throated the entire dildo several times before turning around and bending over. She moved her devil thong over to the side, and furiously banged her luscious box. Her moaning was so loud that Tim feared the neighbors might hear. Before quite bringing herself to orgasm, she turned back around to face Tim, and sat on the floor. She started massaging her clit with the head of the dildo. Tim was transfixed, and didn't say or do anything. "It's okay to touch yourself, you know," Felicia reminded him. Tim took her advice and began stroking his hard rod while Felicia dug the dildo deeper and deeper into her sweetness.

Once again, Felicia stopped before reaching orgasm. "I have one more outfit for you," she said. "I think this one will be your favorite."

The next time Felicia came down the stairs she was wearing nothing but whipped cream to cover her goods. "I was thinking about wearing this out to dinner tonight," she joked.

"Well," Tim replied. "I'd like to eat that for desert."

"I guess it's your lucky day then. Go ahead, have a taste," she said as she put her left breast to Tim's lips. 

Tim quickly licked off all the whipped cream, and started sucking her nipple. Once all the whipped cream was gone from her tits, Felicia put her leg up on the couch and said, "Now would you like to try this?"

Tim didn't say anything, electing to dive on in. He licked Felicia's slit up and down before gently nibbling on her clit. While he worked her clit with his tongue, he slid two fingers inside of Felicia's pussy, and massaged her from the inside. Felicia moaned, "Harder! Faster! Oh....that feels so good. Oh yes...Here, lie down."

Felicia took her pussy off Tim's mouth, and he did as he was told. Felicia then climbed on top, parking her fat ass right on top of Tim's face. Tim licked her sweet pee like he hadn't eaten in days. In her immense pleasure, Felicia thrusted her hips back and forth. Tim licked her out for about ten minutes before she said, "You've tasted me, now I'd like to taste you."

She climbed off of Tim, and left to grab something. She came back with the can of whipped cream in her hand. "I'm gonna make myself a banana split," she said as she sprayed cream on Tim's rigid penis.

Tim put his hands on Felicia's head as she knelt down in front of his manhood. "Lick it up, babe. Suck that big dick."

"Like this?" Felicia asked as she ran circles around the base of Tim's cock.

"That's it," Tim moaned.

Starting from the bottom, Felicia swirled her tongue all over Tim's dick, licking up all the whipped cream. When she got to the top, she spent a considerable amount of time kissing and licking Tim's helmet. She then deep-throated him several times before taking her mouth off of his big stick to ask, "Do you like having me as your little cock sucking slut?"

"I love it, babe. But stop talking, and start sucking," he said while gently forcing her head towards his cock.

"That's it," Tim moaned. "Goddamn you know how to suck dick! You're such a hot cock sucking whore."

Felicia had never heard Tim talk like this, and it turned her on. She had always thought he was rather polite, but this dirty side was making her wet with passion, and it translated to her blowjob. She began bobbing up and down on Tim's dick as fast as she could, holding her penis as tightly in her mouth as possible in an attempt to make him cum. Once she had Tim really squirming, she suddenly took his dick out of her mouth. "You ready to show me how manly you are? Can you handle this pussy?"

Tim grinned. "You know it, bitch. You know you wanna ride this big dick. Sit on it, you cock whore."

Felicia climbed onto Tim's lap, rubbing her sweaty body up against his, and inserted his throbbing shaft into her glistening slit. "Are you ready to have your cock ridden?" she asked.

"Fuck me, bitch" Tim moaned.

Instead of easing into it, Felicia started wildly jumping up and down on Tim's cock, shaking her ass in a circular motion in the process. She kept this up for thirty seconds before Tim yelled, "Oh fuck! I'm cumming!"

Before she had the chance to climb off his lap, Tim unleashed a massive load of cum inside her. He was pumping his cum into her like a geyser, and even managed to spray Felicia's tits with even more cum after she'd taken him out of her, and wrapped his cock up in her melons. "Thirty seconds? I thought you were better than that," Felicia said laughing.

Tim's earlier cockiness had completely vanished. "It's just I haven't been fucked like that in many years. Give me another chance. I wanna tear that fat ass apart."

"Sorry, you already blew it honey," Felicia said as she fondled his limp cock. "I'll help clean you up though," she whispered in his ear before going down on him.

It didn't take long for Tim to achieve another erection. Felicia's blowjob skills were second to none. With his fully erect cock in her mouth, Felicia rubbed her tongue on the sensitive underside of Tim's shaft. She then took her lustful lips off or him, and planted kisses all over the head before engulfing the entirety of Tim's large endowment over and over again. Felicia was so transfixed on pleasuring Tim's dick, and Tim was in such a state of euphoria, that neither one of them noticed Felicia's husband Cash walking into the room. From his vantage point he could see Felicia on her knees, giant ass in the air, head bobbing up and down as Tim lay on the couch with his eyes closed in ecstasy. Before either one of them noticed him, Cash took off his clothes and crept up behind Felicia. He roughly smacked her ass and said, "It looks like your enjoying yourself, do you mind if I join?"

Of course, Tim panicked once he realized what was happening, but before he could even apologize Cash told him that he and Felicia had planned this whole scenario. Cash then preceded to penetrate Felicia doggystyle as she continued wolfing down Tim's dick. It wasn't long until she'd sucked Tim to completion, and for the rest of his stay in Hawaii, Tim got to tap Felicia's large, wonderful ass without his wife ever finding out. Although, she was a tad curious when she found Felicia's red devil thong in her bed...