 "I've made you a loyalty card."

"What!"

"You know, like they do in coffee shops."

The girl had evidently been busy at the computer and the printer. Neatly presented on one side of a little card were ten little boxes with the word 'free' in the final one. In each of the other boxes instead of the usual steaming coffee cup was the outline, in red, of an erect penis. Two had already been crossed through in biro. Jim flipped the card over. 'Miss Jessica M. Jupp' Masturbatrix. Penes tended: semen systematically removed: penis enlargement: oral ministrations.' There was even a mobile number and e-mail.

"Jess! It's not for 'phone boxes, is it?"

"It's only a joke, Jim. I thought you'd be amused. The tenth really is free, though!"

Jim did like it. He also liked the thought of a free wank. The only trouble was there were another seven to pay for first!

"Oral ministrations?"

"I haven't tried that yet, of course, but it should not be too difficult."

"Crikey, Jess, the idea of putting my penis in your pretty little mouth, seeing you suck it and then coming in your mouth... it unnerves me. It would be so good. Or is it extra to come in your mouth?"

She giggled. Jim had been serious enough about the idea of being in her mouth. It made him go weak at the knees. The bit about 'extra' had been a joke.

"Maybe. I do a discount for two men at once."

"One in each hand?"

She grinned. It sent a shiver through him. She was just so sexual. "Yes, what did you think? Two in my mouth at the same time?"

"Would you though, Jess, be prepared for two men at once?"

"If you approved. You know, friends of yours. I promised you I'd be a good girl. I'm not going on the game, just..."

Jim raised his eyebrows.

"I do want that mobile phone and am happy to do odd jobs for you but nothing more. No strange men unless you approve."

"I'm so pleased to hear it again, Jess, you worry me a bit."

"And excite you?"

"More than a bit!"

"So what would you like to do today?"

She looked coy, sweet and sex on a stick, sitting there on the bar stool. Nice in a dress. She had popped in on the Saturday on the way to the shops. She crossed her leg, the blue material of the dress riding up her thigh a little bit. Jim liked the sight of a smooth shapely thigh but that did not give him an erection. He had that already.

"I've done a menu as well."

"What?"

"A price list."

"Jess!"

Again she reached into her handbag and pulled out a sheet of paper neatly folded. Jim spread it out and showed him:

'Miss Jessica M. Jupp, Masturbatrix. Penes tended: semen systematically removed: penis enlargement: oral ministrations.' 

Again the mobile number and e-mail.

'Services

1.Masturbation – by hand £50-00

2.Masturbation – by breasts (tit-fuck) £50-00

3.Joint showering or bathing, all over wash (both parties) including masturbation £75-00

4.Sucking – extraction of semen orally £75-00

5.Ordinary sexual intercourse (NYA) £100-00

6.Sexual intercourse with true virgin £500-00

7.Anal intercourse (buggery) £250-00

8.Photographic session £150-00 per hour (currently excluding sexual intercourse) (anal intercourse £150-00 extra)

Terms negotiable

Optional extras:

School girl uniform

Discounts:

Every tenth session free

Extra man – 25% discount

Extra men – extra 10% discount

Not VAT registered'

"Jess!"

"What do you think?"

"Jess, I mean..."

"Don't you like the idea?"

"Jess!" He shook his head in disbelief at the ideas of his young friend.

"Well?"

"Pricey."

"Aren't I worth it?"

"Certainly, Jess – it's not that but ability to pay. I can press my nose against the department store window but with empty pockets I cannot buy. It's just window shopping." Jim had a thought. "I suppose there is no charge for window shopping so if I whipped out the old John Thomas and had a wank as you drank your coffee there would be no charge!"

Jess giggled in her delightful way. "No, I suppose not and... properly I should be displaying my wares."

She looked sexy enough actually in her dress and Jim said so.

"I suppose," she said, "if you went into the shop you could look at the goods in the shop window more closely, even have them brought out of the box and demonstrated."

Jim laughed, "Well if they were clothes I could actually try them on – try them for size and see if they fit, so..."

They were both laughing at the analogy, "I'd love to try you for size, Jess, like a new pair of shoes I'm sure you are my size but might be a bit of a tight fit at first and rub but after wearing 'you' a few times I'm sure it would become very comfortable indeed."

"And not need a shoe horn!"

More laughter. "I'd love to fuck you, Jess, but I cannot afford the £100 let alone the £500 for the first time. Frankly, Jess, you look just so sexy like that. I'd love to fuck you again and again and release my semen but I cannot afford it and I'd have to buy some condoms – or do you supply them in the price?"

"I hadn't thought of them. Never seen one actually."

"No reason for you to, Jess. Shall I buy you some and give you lessons in dressing a man?"

"Please, Jim."

"I wonder what I should charge for lessons?"

Jess laughed, "As long as I am in surplus and building up funds towards the phone."

"Yes, but honestly Jess I've no spare money today. Pay day is next Friday. How about something next weekend, if I spend my beer money allocation on you. So, may I window shop?"

Jess sipped her coffee, "You may but really when I finish this coffee I need to be going. Mum'll wonder if she sees me dawdling here longer than a cup of coffee."

There was something really erotic about nipping from the kitchen and returning stark naked and with an erection. Perhaps it was the 'flasher' syndrome but exposing himself like that to a pretty eighteen year old certainly did it for Jim. She looked so sexy sitting on her barstool like that with her blue dress and crossed thighs. Even her rather bemused smile did not put him off. The thought that, if only he was a rich man, all her charms would be open and available to him.

"You look very male, Jim, this morning. I do like seeing your cock like that, all hard and sticking up. I thought you were going to wank. My coffee's nearly gone."

More wonderful sexuality. Jess was not simply going along with him having a wank but telling him to. Jim reached and stroked. Her eyes were watching.

"Does this interest you, Mr Jones? Is this the sort of model you were interested in?" She was turning herself on the bar stool, rotating on her bottom and pushing her chest out. "We have larger sizes, different shapes – different colours even!"

Jess made Jim laugh, "No, no I'm more than happy with this model."

"We could bring you the catalogue."

"Catalogue?"

"My class photograph from when I left school. You could tell me which girl you particularly like."

"Can you show me this model in a little more detail?"

Jess gave him a bit of a look but then undid a couple of buttons, reached in and brought both breasts out into the open complete with her brown, puffy nipples. They were more than enough for Jim's purposes. Jess was not simply a picture but a real, live sexy young girl to use as 'wanking material' though he would not have put it so crudely to Jess. His fingers moved happily.

"Can I have a look under the bonnet?"

Sitting there, Jess lifted her skirt revealing almost matching blue panties, the treasure of her mound of Venus pushing up the thin material most pleasingly. Jim would have liked to decorate that with pearly splashes of semen. Jess evidently realised where his thoughts were going.

"Really I need to go so you need to... but not all over me as you did on your bed the other day – nice as that was. Go on, sit on your bar stool and do it. I like to see. It's educational. Mr Jacobs never demonstrated that at school. It would all have been a lot clearer if he had!

Jim got on his bar stool, the idea of demonstrating ejaculation to a class of interested schoolgirls rather attractive.

Jess leant forward, "Really I need to go shopping Jim, come on – come, come, come!"

Jim was more than happy to be told by the eighteen year old girl with exposed boobs and revealed thighs – and panties – what to do. He worked his penis with enthusiasm. Better to have Jess' hand doing it, though his technique had more finesse – he knew exactly what he liked.

"Go on, right up in the air as far as you can shoot."

Stroke, stroke, stroke, a tightening of his scrotum and Jim was fountaining – spurting white semen up into the air for it to fall down on his thighs - showing the girl. And 'fountaining' was the right word because Jess said so:

"Hey, Jim, that was so like a fountain – a fountain of, well, it was rather like milk really. Look at you – a bit like me on the bed – all covered!" She stood, letting her skirt fall and tucked her boobs away. "Got to go. You going to show me out?"

It was obviously meant as a joke given the state he was in but Jim did do that. He walked to the hall with her and opened the door, keeping himself out of sight – as rightly he should. Semen was running down his stomach, was in his pubic hair and splashed down his not yet fully subsided cock.

Jess looked him up and down. "I'm sure you'll have made lots more for next time." She raised her head, stood on tiptoe and kissed him lightly on the lips and then touched her finger to his semen, just lightly, and brought the finger to her lips. "Yes, still salty." A big grin and she was gone.

Jim closed the door and walked back to the kitchen. He too needed to go out but would certainly have to take a shower first. "Phew!" It had been fun and so sexy and, importantly had not cost him a penny!

Jess was around at Jim's Friday evening. A knock at the door quite late.

"Hi,"

"Hello, Jess, come on in."

It transpired her parents and younger brother had just left for a weekend stay, a trip which she had declined to join. Jim thought they would be disappointed and said so. It happened, he knew from his friends, all of a sudden your children do not want to come on holiday with you. Jim had no children – indeed no wife now – thank goodness! He did not have that syndrome to come.

"So, I was thinking..."

"How much of my pay cheque you could extract from me?"

She giggled, "I was certainly thinking of some sort of extraction!"

"How's things with Luke Sparrow?"

A rather smug smile came across Jess' face. "I think... well, he's asked me out Saturday night – hence really why I didn't go away with Mum and Dad."

"You're not to bring him back and... on your first date."

"Yes... Dad! No, not going to happen. Not going to waste my virginity on a boyfriend. That's for sale – you don't think I'm going to pass up on £500 for Luke do you."

"Unusual method of contraception, Jess!"

She giggled. "I'll keep you in the picture. Tell you what we do. Blow by blow account."

Jim raised his eyebrows, sure the terminology was deliberate on her part.

"I'll look forward to that Jess, hearing you describing sexual activity. I'm sure it'll be stimulating for me."

"I was wondering, Jim, what do you look at for stimulation. What sort of pictures do you look at? Would I like them?"

"Ah, oh. What do you do?"

"Well, I just sort of play with my fingers."

"You'll have to show me."

"Um – that's not on the price list. Should it be?"

"Probably. Any toys?"

"Huh?"

"Dildos – pretend erections, hairbrush handles, you know."

"No. Um, risk to my hymen and my £500. Pretend erections? What you mean?"

"You know, plastic penises, vibrators all that sort of thing."

"I've heard of vibrators. I wonder what it'd be like?"

"I'd buy you one only I'm short of money, you know."

"Not much point until you've saved your or, rather, my £500! So what sort of pictures do you look at?"

"Pretty girls in bikinis."

"Come on Jim. Pull the other. Bet they are naked."

"Sometimes."

"Mostly I bet, and fucking?"

"Well, yes."

"Sucking? Pretty girls with cocks in their mouths."

"Um, well, I do like to see that."

"And girls with stuff over their tummies like you did to me?"

"Can, um, be quite decorative."

"You like?"

"I liked doing it to you Jess and, yes, I like to see."

"Two girls making out?"

"Sometimes."

"Two girls and one bloke?"

"Perhaps."

"Or two blokes and one girl – sounds better to me."

"I... it can be OK."

"I think I'd like that. Certainly I like the idea of you bringing along a friend of yours who has money."

"Or Luke Sparrow and who?"

"Mmmm, Ryan Weatherby. Jim, would you like to show me some pictures?"

"Of?"

"All we've talked about. Your favourites!"

"You want to see..."

She did.

"OK, I'll pull a set together. When for?"

"Sunday evening. My parents aren't back until late. So what do you want to buy this evening?"

Jim wanted to buy the full thing. He knew he could make it lovely for Jess. Scented candles around his bed and all taken nice and slow. She could sleep with him – what a delight – and then do the same in the morning. Five hundred quid! Worth it really but he just could not justify, sensibly, digging into his savings for that, even if he could beat her down to say four hundred quid. But what a dream. A naked, so sexy eighteen year old virgin in his bed. Whenever else would he get the chance!

He wanted to buy the full thing but could not: equally the girl sitting opposite him so made him want to do 'something.' "It'll have to be one of your cheaper options. I haven't tried your 'tit-fuck.'

"Making a mess between my breasts."

"Just so. Twenty Quid."

"Fifty on the menu but I'll make it forty."

"Schoolgirl uniform, spanking and thirty."

Jess looked thoughtful, "For you Jim, OK. Round my place in half an hour?"

"Please."

Jim stood at his window watching Jess' retreating jean clad bottom. He shook his head. He had not lusted after her whilst a young schoolgirl but he remembered, as she had blossomed in the Sixth-form, how he had thought what a shame she and other girls did not still have that uniform from younger days. He was not 'into' young girls but the idea of eighteen year old schoolgirls in uniform certainly appealed. And now, or in minutes, he was going to see Jess in her old uniform, put her over his knee and raise her skirt for a spanking and ultimately, he was going to be sliding his penis in the valley of her breasts and ejaculating. Thirty pounds well spent – even if he could ill afford it. Jim went to have a shower and get ready.

He felt self-conscious crossing the street. If anyone was looking they might well wonder what he was doing going to Jess' house but maybe they would not know her parents were out - though the car was certainly missing from the drive. In his hand his tool bag to give a plausible reason why he was making the journey. Jess was a little surprised at it when she opened the door but the neighbour would have been the more surprised if he or she had seen her - she was in her old school uniform.

"Well, what do you think?" She twirled making the pleated maroon skirt splay and show a little thigh above the knee.

"I certainly like the look, Jess." The door closed behind him and there was she was. Knee length white socks, black sensible shoes, maroon pleated skirt just ending above her lovely knees, cream blouse and properly tied tie, blazer looking perhaps a bit snug with her breasts pushing the blouse outwards and her chestnut hair tied back with a ribbon. She did a twirl letting the skirt flare out a bit.

Jim was pleased. Very pleased. Jess looked so the schoolgirl and such a sexy one at that. There was nothing 'too young' about her. Not with the way her chest pushed her blouse and jacket out. Had she, in reality, been under age then there would have been nothing physically undeveloped about her.

"Cup of coffee... first?"

Jim was happy with that. He had more sense than to use up his thirty quid too quickly by spending his semen straightaway. So nice to sit with her in her kitchen, as it always was in his kitchen when she visited him. Jess was good to look at. Wonderful to see those knees under her skirt.

"Well," said Jess, "as they finished their coffee, "have you the thirty quid for the tit fuck?" Her hands went to the sides of her jacket either side of her breasts and pushed them inwards and, of course, Jim imagined his penis between them being pressed or squashed in her cleavage. Of course he erected!

"Here you are, Jess." Another tenner and a twenty he could ill afford to spend. Jess' fingers moved as she slowly undid the two buttons of her cream blouse behind her tie and tucked the notes into her brassiere just where Jim had imagined himself being. 

"You won't spank me too hard. Mr. Jones."

Jim liked the return of the 'Mr. Jones,' it had a delightful undertone of subservience - the schoolgirl and the adult male.

"I expect to get my money's worth!"

"Oh. What have I done wrong to deserve a spanking?"

Momentarily Jim was at a loss for an answer. For being such a sexy little thing, for taking his money, for suggesting the whole idea of being paid in the first place?

"Behind the bike sheds with Luke Sparrow."

"Oh."

"Not denying it, I see!"

It was one of those so exciting things. Jim found himself breathing hard as he told Jess to bend over. He swallowed as he watched the girl bend, stretching the material of her skirt over her backside, knowing he was about to lift that skirt upwards and expose her bottom. Jess turned her head and looked at him.

"You look, suddenly, very serious, Mr Jones."

He did, he was very excited. He could not believe it but his hands were actually trembling as he lifted Jess' skirt and placed it over her back. Matching panties! He was biting his lip as he lowered them exposing soft, rounded young female flesh - and plenty of it.

"Oh, not my knickers, Mr Jones!"

"Yes." Jim coughed and repeated himself. His 'yes' had not come out clearly the first time. He moved into position and raised his hand.

Such a satisfying sound. The slap of hard hand on soft female flesh. Strangely pleasing.

Jim's breathing was hard as he raised his hand again and smacked once more and then a third. His hand returned and lingered, stroking the smooth flesh, his fingers even curling a little into the crack of her bottom.

"Jim!"

"Sorry."

"You like doing that, don't you?"

Jim nodded. "I certainly do."

"How odd. Do you want to spank me naked? You look rather confined."

Jim indeed felt confined, he was not hiding the bulge in his trousers, "I expect I will."

"Well, go on then."

"Here?"

"Or my bedroom?"

The prospect of seeing her bedroom and moreover punishing her in it was the better choice. Jim felt a trifle vulnerable in the big sitting room. Jess had said her parents were away but even so... Being caught spanking Jess was one thing but naked and erect... It did not bear thinking of.

"Your bedroom."

Jim followed and Jess led the way. Nice to watch her skirt clad bottom all the way up the stairs and to see her room.

"Here it is," Jess twirled indicating her room. It made her pleated skirt flare once more.

She saw Jim looking at her bed, "Five hundred pounds and you could be in there with me. Just five hundred... to be naked in there with me and..."

"Spanking time for being so tempting, Jess! I haven't a condom anyway, so my five hundred pounds is quite safe - with me."

It was a little unnerving to see the apparent schoolgirl pull open a top drawer of her chest of drawers and rummage amongst her knickers and produce an unopened packet clearly with the brand name 'Durex.' It was the glee with which she turned back to Jim which really made him smile.

"Don't you think that's a bit of an obvious place for your Mum to find those?"
