 A few days passed and Ivy was beginning to get restless. She had not seen nor heard from John and she didn't like that. She would often gaze out from her upstairs bedroom window, looking at John's house, wondering what he was doing inside.

Was he fucking that wretched wife of his? Was he touching her and kissing her like he did with Ivy? 

Ivy became angry with these thoughts. Who the fuck does he think he is ignoring me? 

She stood in front of her mirror, completely naked, looking at her body from head to toe. 

Well she's definitely not as hot as I am, Ivy thought to herself. She's older, fatter and has the personality of a used tampon. 

Just then, Ivy got an idea. If John wouldn't come to her voluntarily, she would make him.

She laughed devilishly and began to plan the possession of John.

-----------------------------------------

Later that day, the phone rang. It was John.

"Hi baby, how are you?" he asked.

"Don't hi baby me, you son of a bitch, where the fuck have you been?" Ivy screamed into the receiver.

"Whoa, calm down baby, I've been busy at work," he said.

"Bullshit, you've been home every night on time, I see you when you come home, John," Ivy snapped back.

"I've been bringing my work home sometimes, it's no big deal, I do that alot," John answered.

"Oh really? Do you fuck that wretched bitch before or after you "work"?" she asked.

"It's not what you think, baby, I don't want her, I want you," said John, trying to calm her down.

"Well I see she's home right now, shall I come over now or later?" asked Ivy.

"Baby, that's not funny, don't even joke around like that," said John nervously.

"Who the fuck's joking? I'm dead serious," said Ivy in a very angry tone.

"Ok, I can't talk to you when you're like this, baby, I'll call back later," he said before hanging up the phone.

"That asshole just hung up on me!!" Ivy screamed, throwing the phone across her bedroom.

Immediately she went over to her dresser, pulling out the shortest skirt she had, which barely covered her thighs. From the second drawer she pulled out a see thru black lace halter top, bra conveniently left in the drawer. 

She quickly got dressed and gave herself one look in the mirror, "Joking my ass," she said, "We'll see who's joking, John."

--------------------------------

Within minutes she was across the street and ringing the doorbell. Ivy rolled her eyes when she noticed the perfectly groomed yard and garden that adorned the front steps.

It's like fucking green acres over here, she thought to herself.

"Yes?' "Oh hello, Ivy, won't you come in?" asked Mrs. Davis.

"Thank you, Ma'am," she said and entered the gateway of hell.

"What can I do for you, Ivy?" Mrs. Davis asked.

"Oh, well the shower head's broken at my house and my dad won't be home for a few hours and I really need to get ready for a date, I was wondering if Mr. Davis could come by and look at it," she answered innocently.

"Oh, well he's in the den, I'll go ask him, wait right here dear," she said.

Ivy smiled her best fake smile and rolled her eyes once the bitch was out of the room. 

God this fucking house is a nightmare, she thought to herself as she gazed around at the drab decorations of oil paintings and tan furniture.

"He said to tell you he would be over soon," said Mrs. Davis, taking Ivy by surprise.

"Thank you, Ma'am," she said politely as Mrs. Davis opened the front door.

"No problem at all, Ivy, please don't be a stranger around here," she said, waving at the rebellious teen as she made her way back across the street.

------------------------

Once inside her house, Ivy began to hatch her plan. First, of course, they'd fuck, then she'd drop the bomb on him, a plan sure to get his fucking attention.

---------------------------------

A few minutes later, the doorbell rang.

"It's open," Ivy yelled from the kitchen.

John wasted no time with the formalities. He rushed right over to his sexy teen temptress, planting a long, hot kiss on her lips.

"Oh God, baby, I'm glad you came over, I was going fucking crazy in that house with her," John moaned, unzipping Ivy's skirt.

"John," she whispered.

"Yeah baby?" he said, sliding down his pants to his ankles.

"Fuck me from behind like you did the other night," she moaned, leaning over and gripping the corner of the counter.

John moaned and agreed, once again, taking his place behind her, grabbing her hips and thrusting his hot fat cock into her slutty pussy. 

The pair never spoke, just lots of moans and grunts as Ivy's hips slammed into the counter.

"Fuck, I wanna fuck you like this everytime baby," he moaned, reaching up and grabbing some of her long golden hair.

His other hand slid around to Ivy's tits, which were busy slapping into each other with John's forceful thrusts.

"God, I love your body baby, so fucking tight and young and perfect," he moaned, picking up his pace. 

Ivy reached up and grabbed the cabinet doors, digging her long nails into the wood.

She knew John was close to cumming and this always made her cum as well. She began rocking her hips side to side, riding his cock like a drunk whore. 

"Oh fuck, that's it baby, ride Daddy's cock, fuck it with that hot nasty pussy, baby," John moaned, jamming his cock into her fuckhole.

"Oh... Oh... Ohhhhhhhhhh John," she screamed out, "Mmmmm... John, I'm cumminnnnnnnnnng!!"

John was no longer able to hold on. With a few more thrusts, he, once again, unloaded inside his teen babygirl. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh... Goddddddd... Ivyyyyyyyyyyyy... Ohhhhhhhhh Shit!!" he screamed, flooding her sloppy wet cunt with his seed once more.

The two just stood there for a moment, both trying to catch their breath.

"John?" Ivy whispered.

"Yes, baby?" John answered, still a bit winded.

"I have to tell you something," she said, gently pulling away from the counter. 

John took this as her way of telling him the fun was over, at least for now, so he backed up and slid his pants back on as Ivy took his hand and led him into the living room.

"Go ahead, baby," said John, with a concerned look on his face.

"Well I'm not good at hinting around so I'm just gonna come right out and say it," she said, looking him in the eye.

"Ok," he said.

"I'm pregnant, John," she said in a low whisper.

"You're pregnant? How the fuck is that possible, Ivy? We've only fucked a few times," he said, getting up from the sofa.

"It only takes one time, John," said Ivy, getting up and following him.

"Fuck, how could you let this happen, baby?" he said as he turned to face her.

"Me?? I wasn't exactly alone, ya know," she answered defensively.

"I know, baby, I'm sorry," he said, taking her into his arms. 

As they stood there and John rocked her back and forth, Ivy could only grin knowing that she now had him exactly where she wanted him.