 A few minutes later, Ivy heard the sound of a car door shutting. It was Melissa, she had packed her bags and was leaving the house. Ivy couldn't help but laugh, pleased with how smoothly her plan was unfolding.

Just then, the doorbell rang, it was a very pissed off John. He immediately walked in and grabbed Ivy by the throat, pushing her backwards into the living room wall.

"Now you listen, bitch, I don't know what the fuck you think you're doing, but this is my life you're fucking with," he screamed in her face, "This is not a fucking game!!!!!!!!"

"Don't be mad, baby, I did this for you and me," answered Ivy.

"There is no more you and me you conniving little whore," he hissed, releasing his grip on her throat, "Look at you, you haven't even bothered to get dressed yet."

"I knew you'd be back, darling," she said, slowly moving towards him.

"Stay away from me, Ivy," he said, pushing her away.

"I know you don't mean that," she whispered.

"We're finished, I mean it, I'm gonna try to clean up this fucking mess you've made of my life, I want Melissa back," he said.

Now Ivy was the one who became angered. 

"Ok, now YOU fucking listen to me, you selfish son of a bitch, I want you to pick up that phone and call Melissa and tell her to get her ass over here right now, do it, John, or things are going to get alot more messy," said Ivy.

John raised his hand like he wanted to hit Ivy, but she never flinched. He grabbed his cell phone from his hip holster and dialed Melissa's phone in the car. After a few minutes, he hung up.

"She's on her way," he said in a disgusted tone.

"Good, now why don't you have a seat and we'll wait together," said Ivy, taking a seat on the sofa agian.

John reluctantly sat down next to Ivy, but refused to look her in the eye.

Within minutes, they heard a car pull up outside. It was indeed Melissa.

Ivy smiled and got up to answer the door.

"Why Melissa, it's so good to see you again, darling, please come in and sit down with me and John," said Ivy, closing the door behind Melissa.

"What the fuck is this all about, Ivy? You won, he's yours, ok?" said Melissa.

"Oh no no no, I haven't won ......... yet," said Ivy, taking a seat in her father's rocking chair.

"I haven't won until John tells you what he told me," she continued.

"What are you talking about now, Ivy?" asked John.

"Tell her you want a divorce, John," said Ivy.

"That's a fucking lie and for God's sake, put some fucking clothes on, Ivy," John snapped.

"What's wrong, baby? You never had a problem with me being naked before, why now?" she asked.

John didn't answer, he just hung his head and stared at the floor, trying to figure a way out of this nightmare.

"Fucking tell her!!!!!!!!!!" Ivy yelled.

Both John and Melissa jumped, neither sure of what Ivy was going to do or say next.

Ivy sat back in her father's chair and threw her legs over each arm, completely revealing her young pussy to the pair.

They both sat there staring, neither of them speaking a word.

"You like my pussy, Melissa?" Ivy asked.

Melissa swallowed hard and whispered, "Yes, I like it very much."

Ivy smiled and giggled just a bit and proceeded to run her fingers down into her sloppy slit. Both John and Melissa were paralyzed, unable to comment.

"I bet you'd like to touch it, huh, Melissa?" said Ivy.

John could feel his cock growing again inside his pants. Even though he was angry and a bit scared, he found this conversation to be extremely erotic. 

Ivy stood up and walked over to Melissa as she looked over at John. She reached out and took the shocked woman's hand and placed it on her swollen mound. 

"Rub it a little bit, Melissa," urged Ivy, "It won't bite you, I promise."

Ivy closed her eyes and concentrated on Melissa's soft touch, she could hear her breathing begin to get a little heavier and Ivy knew this was turning Melissa on.

Within seconds, Melissa had her mouth buried inside Ivy's cunt, lapping and kissing and sucking and massaging the young bud. Ivy grabbed a handful of Melissa's thick brown hair and shoved her mouth further. 

John sat back on the sofa and unzipped his pants, quietly pulling out his cock as not to disturb his two ladies. He watched Melissa's tongue and Ivy's face, both seemed to be lost in a world of their own.

"Mmmmmm, that's it baby, tongue fuck my pussy," Ivy moaned.

"Oh God," John moaned, stroking his cock faster.

Soon John stood up and walked behind Ivy, kissing her neck and rubbing her tits. She all but melted in his arms.

Melissa stopped licking long enough to tell Ivy to straddle her face while she layed on the sofa, and Ivy obeyed. 

She carefully layed back and pulled the hot teen's cunt back into her mouth. Ivy's knees were on the arm of the couch, forcing her ass to stick straight out. John took this as his cue to move in, and he did just that. Again, placing his hands on Ivy's hips, only this time he drove his cock straight up her tight dry asshole, causing her to yell out like a wounded animal. 

Ivy couldn't believe what was going on and how fucking good it felt to have another woman's tongue inside her. John fucked away, looking down and seeing Melissa's tongue working and watching his cock fuck Ivy like the whore she was.