 Ivy was awakened by the phone ringing, it was John.

"Baby, I have to go out of town for a couple days," he said.

"You're not going anywhere," she said.

"Ivy, don't start this shit, I have to go, I don't have a choice, it's for work," he replied.

"Work, my ass," she said, "If you leave, I'm going to tell Melissa everything."

"Ivy, baby, I think you've forgotten our little talk," said John.

"And I think you've forgotten that I'm carrying your child," she answered right back.

"No, I haven't forgotten, and if I could, I wouldn't go on this trip, but if I don't, I'll lose my job," he said.

"It's always some fucking excuse, isn't it, John," she said before slamming the phone down.

In a way, she almost expect John to come running right over. But instead of hearing the doorbell ring, she heard a car starting up outside. It was John, he was actually leaving her.

"You son of a bitch!!" she screamed from the window.

Melissa was outside, seeing her husband off when Ivy's voice penetrated the quiet morning. She didn't quite know what to make of Ivy's remark, so she just shrugged it off, waved at her husband once more and turned around to go back inside.

That fucking son of a bitch, who the fuck does he think he is?? thought Ivy.

She stood there in the middle of her bedroom for a moment, then she knew what had to be done.

Again, she made her way across the street.

"Well hello there, Ivy, won't you come in?" asked Melissa.

"No thanks, Mrs. Davis, I was actually wondering if you could come over for a few minutes and show me how to make a cake, it's my father's birthday tomorrow," said Ivy.

"Of course I will, let me just grab my keys," said Melissa.

And just like that, both women were off to Ivy's house.

Once inside, Ivy slammed the door behind Melissa, which caused her to jump.

"Sorry, sometimes the wind catches it," said Ivy, offering Melissa a seat on the sofa.

"Where's this cake you need help with, sweety?" asked Melissa, looking around the huge living room.

"There's plenty of time for that," said Ivy, "I thought we could talk first, ya know, get to know each other better."

"Ok, that sounds lovely," said Melissa, settling into the sofa.

Ivy knew it was now or never. If she wanted John to herself, she would have to make it happen.

"Would you like something to drink?" asked Ivy.

"Oh no thanks, dear, I'm fine," answered Melissa, giving a sickening sweet smile.

"Ok then, Mrs. Davis, I have something I need to tell you," said Ivy.

Melissa didn't say a word, she gave Ivy her undivided attention.

"Mrs. Davis, I'm pregnant with your husband's child," said Ivy, wasting no time.

"What? Is this some kind of joke?" she asked.

"No ma'am, I'm dead serious," answered Ivy.

Melissa just sat there for a moment, frozen in time. It seemed like years before she finally spoke.

"Ivy, you're a very pretty girl, I'm sure you have lots of boyfriends, no need to make up wild stories," said Melissa.

"It's not a fucking story, I've been fucking your husband for weeks now," snapped Ivy.

"I don't have to sit here and listen to this rubbish," said Melissa, getting up and walking towards the door.

"Oh yes you do, bitch, you're going to listen to any fucking thing I have to say," said Ivy, pushing Melissa back down on the sofa.

Ivy walked over and pulled the blinds closed and locked the front door.

"You can't keep me here you psycho, your parents will be home soon," said Melissa.

"Wrong, bitch, they're on vacation," hissed Ivy, "Ok this is how it's gonna work, you're going to be my hostage until loverboy John gets back from his trip. Once that happens, I'll call him over here and he can tell you to your face that he's fucking finished with you and we're having a baby."

Melissa was speechless. She knew that John had been coming over to the house quite a bit lately but she had just assumed it was to see Ivy's father, at least that's what John had been telling her.

---------------

For the next 2 days, Melissa refused to eat, speak or drink anything. She remained on the sofa, just where Ivy had pushed her down to. Finally, the phone rang. It was John. He was home now, both happy to be talking to Ivy again, yet puzzled as to his wife's whereabouts.

"John, I've missed you so much, I want you to come over," said Ivy.

John agreed and within minutes, he was knocking on the door.

Ivy quickly grabbed Melissa's shirt and pushed her into the hall closet, gagging her with one of her father's handkerchiefs. 

"Don't make a fucking sound," whispered Ivy, "You're about to find out how much your husband loves me."