 Once the shock had worn off, John began to realize his marriage was in deep shit. Having an affair is one thing, but becoming a father with another woman other then your wife, is something entirely different. This was something that couldn't be covered up with phony excuses and lies. 

John spent the next few weeks trying to keep equal time between his home and the bedroom of the woman who was having his baby. It wasn't easy, and Ivy wasn't about to make it easy either.

"John, I want you to divorce her," said Ivy, as she and John sat in her living room.

"I can't do that, baby, she'll wipe me out and I'll have nothing," he answered.

"You'll have me, but I guess that doesn't mean shit to you," said Ivy, getting up from the sofa and walking towards the stairs.

"I didn't mean it like that, baby, where are you going? Ivy come back and let's finish talking about this," he said.

Ivy said nothing, she just turned and looked over her shoulder, giving John a seething glare. 

John knew he had said the wrong thing and he got up and followed Ivy, hoping to make up for his stupid remark.

He came up behind Ivy and gently grabbed her arm.

"Let go of me, John," she hissed, "I don't wanna even fucking look at you right now."

"Well that's too fucking bad, Ivy, because I'm not leaving until you and I talk this out," he said, following her up the stairs and into her bedroom.

Ivy attempted to close the door on John's arm, but he was much too strong for her. 

"Ivy!! Baby, c'mon, don't do this, please talk to me," he begged, taking a seat next to her on the bed.

"Forget it, John, the next words that come out of your mouth better be you are divorcing your wife, otherwise, this conversation is over," Ivy snapped, once again glaring at John.

John took a deep breath and looked down to the floor, "Baby, it's not that cut and dried, I can't just walk out on Melissa just because you want me to."

"I don't give a flying fuck about Melissa," she said sarcastically, "I'm having your fucking child, doesn't that count for anything?"

"Yes baby it does, but she's my wife, there's steps that have to be taken," he said, trying to calm her down.

"Then fucking take them, John, or I will tell her for you," said Ivy, getting up and standing in front of him.

John looked up into Ivy's eyes, he saw a look that he had never seen before, almost like she was possessed.

She stood before him and began slowly removing her clothes.

"Ivy, I'm not really in the mood to fuck right now," said John, taking another deep breath.

"Oh, so now I'm not good enough for you, John? Now that I'm knocked up you don't want me anymore, is that it???" she screamed.

"Baby, that's not it at all," he said, "I just don't think now's the right time to fuck is all."

Ivy could sense that she was losing control of the situation, she had to think fast. Suddenly, she had an idea.

"Ok, John, maybe you're right, I really don't have the time anyway, I'm going out on a date tonight," she said, walking over to her closet, still naked.

"A what???" he said surprised.

"A date, John, you know when a boy comes here and picks me up, takes me out and I end the evening by giving him head in the front seat of his car," she answered, pulling out a see thru black top from the closet.

"You're not going anywhere, Ivy," he said, standing up and walking over to her.

"Oh I'm not?" she said, "And who the fuck's gonna stop me?"

John grabbed Ivy's arm and pulled her close to him.

"Now listen to me, you little bitch, you're carrying my child, there's no more dating for you," he hissed thru gritted teeth.

Ivy yanked her arm away and turned back to her closet.

"Did you hear me?" he said in a demanding tone.

"Yes, I heard you, but since you're STILL married, you're really in no position to tell me what I can and can't do, John," she answered, pulling out a pair of tight blue jeans and tossing them on the bed.

Ivy's attitude angered John and he grabbed her again, this time tossing her on the bed, atop the jeans.

He climbed up on top of her, pinning her arms above her head.

"Now you listen, Ivy, I said you're not fucking going and I meant it," he said, pinning her wrists down forcefully.

"Oh, I see you DO have a backbone, baby," she said sarcastically.

John became even more angered.

"Look at you, lying here on this bed looking like a slut, you know that's all you are, Ivy, is MY slut, that's all you'll ever be," he said, reaching down and unzipping his pants.

"You wanted to fuck, baby, we're gonna fuck, I'll show you that I can make the fucking rules where you're concerned," he said.

He took both of Ivy's wrists and clutched them tightly in his fist, using his other free hand to lift up her leg and bring it up to his shoulder. He looked directly into her eyes as his cock slid effortlessly into her cunt. 

"Mmmm, that what you wanted, slut?" he hissed, slowly beginning to pump her pussy.

Ivy closed her eyes. Inside she was laughing knowing that she had him wrapped around her little finger, exactly where she intended on keeping him.

"Answer me, slut, this what you fucking wanted?" he hissed louder.

"Yes, yes fuck yes, John, mmmmmmm don't stop, fuck me till I'm numb," she pleaded.

"Yeah I knew you'd like it, slut," he said, pumping her cunt faster.

John's groans and grunts were matched only by the banging of the headboard into the lilly white bedroom wall. He was going to show Ivy that she was not in charge... he is.

He began to ram her cunt like a jackhammer, sending her young body up the bed with each forceful thrust. Soon, Ivy's head was bumping the headboard, but John showed no signs of letting up.

"Tell me, Ivy, fucking tell me, who's in charge here!!" he demanded.

"Mmmm, ohhhhhh God, You John, you're in charge, you make the rules," she screamed, looking into his eyes.

"That's right, baby, Daddy's in charge of this slut," he moaned, jabbing her cunt like a knife.

She felt John's grip tighten even more and his balls were slapping her ass at the speed of light. She loved making her lover angry like this, knowing he would only punish her in the bedroom.

"Fuck, mmmmmmm God Ivy, I'm cumminnnnnnnnnng, hmph, hmph, ohhhhhhhhh shit, oh oh oh ohhhhhhhhhh," he screamed, releasing his seed inside her once again.

As always, Ivy's climax followed soon after, sending her into a tailspin of lust.

"You feel better now?" John hissed, quickly getting up from the bed and zipping his pants back up.

Ivy's wrists were throbbing from her circulation being cut off by his grip. For a moment, she just layed there and looked at him.

"Yes, baby, I feel better," she answered, rolling over onto her stomach.

"Good," said John, "Now you leave the rest up to me, I'll tell Melissa when it's time, you just let me handle it."

Ivy didn't answer him, she just laid her head down on the bed and immediately fell asleep.

John leaned over and kissed her smooth back before quietly slipping out of the bedroom.