 He hated working the night shift. There were too many drunks and not enough to do between 2:00am and 7:00am when his shift ended. It always seemed that the last drunk of the night always chucked his cookies in his cruiser. Tonight was no different and, as always, he was stuck cleaning up the mess by himself. Most of the other cops had partners, but he had been the lone wolf from the start. He didn't mind working alone most of the time, but when it came to cleaning up after a drunk, he would rather have a partner to help out, or better yet a rookie to make clean it up.

Even after he was done cleaning, his cruiser still smelled. Rolling down all the windows, he set off out of the station to take a drive down his favorite back road. It was full of twisty turns and nearly deserted at this time, making it fun to drive; besides he had to get rid of the smell.

He took the first turn in the road at top speed, feeling the back end of the cruiser wanting to move out as he pushed it hard. Coming out of the turn, his heart racing from the excitement, he took his foot off the gas and slowed. The hill in front of him did not offer him a full view of the road ahead and the last thing he wanted was to have to explain a wrecked cruiser to his sergeant. He was glad that he had, for as soon as he came over the rise, he spotted a stopped car in front of him with light on but no four ways. Turning on his police lights, he slowly approached the car, stopping directly behind it. Deciding not to call it in yet, as it might just be a couple of kids groping at each other, he got out of the car.

As he exited the cruiser, he was hoping that it was not another drunk; the last one had been bad enough. He was surprised when he got to the side of the car and saw a young lady by herself with a map in her lap.

"Oh, officer, I am so glad you are here. I've gotten myself lost. I can't even find were I am on the map." She was looking directly at him as she spoke.

The first thing he noticed about her was her hair, flaming red, long and curly, so long that it came down past her shoulders. She had it drawn back in such a way as to highlight her face, a face that was gorgeous. Her full lips were slick with bright red lipstick, her soft green eyes were highlighted with golden eye shadow and her eyelashes gleamed with black mascara.

"Well, where are you heading, ma'am." He looked at the map in her hand and noticed for the first time that it was upside down and of the wrong county; she might be drunk after all.

"I'm trying to get home. My friends wanted to try this new night spot and it was little out of my territory. Somehow, I got turned around coming out, I think." As she spoke she was looking out her window, not at the policeman's face but at his crotch, wondering what kind of gun he had dangling between his legs.

"Have you been drinking, ma'am?" He had been so hopeful when he had first seen her. He had been thinking that he would be able to exchange directions for her number, but now he was going to have to run her in.

"I only had one drink, and that was hours ago." She was starting to sweat now. She had had more than one, she had one too many. If he wrote her up, it would be the second time for her; she would lose her license for sure. "Really, officer, I am as sober as you." She was doing her best to sound sexy and bat her eyelashes, hoping to get away.

"I'm sorry ma'am, but I have to check you out. If you would step out of the car, please." He grabbed the door handle and opened the door.

As she stepped out of the car, his cock immediately began to harden. The way she was dressed, barely dressed, was so sexy. Her ample chest was covered with a tight black tank top, so tight he could tell, in the lights of his cruiser, that she was wearing a lace bra underneath. The top was short, showing off her flat stomach and the small diamond ring in her navel. The skirt she was wearing, just, was so tight and so short, he was sure that it was painted on to her. He decided to give her the benefit of the doubt, hoping she might still be sober and he might still get her number. He would wait to call it in until after the field test.

"If you will step back this way." He motioned her to follow him to the back of her car.

The first step she took she stumbled, regaining her balance quickly and keeping herself from falling. Shining his flashlight on her, he noticed the shoes she was wearing: black calf-high boots with the thinnest 5-inch heels he had ever seen.

"Got my heel caught," she told him as she joined him behind her car, in the full light of his cruiser.

"If you want, you can take off your shoes before you take the field test, if you think they may effect your performance." In the bright light of the cruiser, he was sure this woman standing in front of him was the most beautiful woman he had ever had the pleasure of meeting.

"Oh no officer, they make my legs look too good to think of taking them off." She slid her right leg forward, letting him get a good look at her smooth tan thigh and calf, both very muscular from her daily work out.

"It's your choice." He began to lead her through the sobriety field test. By the second test, he knew she was drunk. Knowing that his shot at getting this woman's number was now over, he did his best to keep himself interested as he led her through the rest of test. He was doing his best now not to watch her as her shirt rode up her firm midsection, giving him a glimpse of the thin lace bra underneath. Nor did he watch as her skirt inched up her legs, threatening to rise up far enough to give him a view of her underwear.

"I'm sorry to say that you did not pass." He was standing in front of her, his back to his cruiser. "If you would please turn around, I'm afraid I have to take you in."

"No, please." She started crying at once, she could not afford to loose her license. "Please, isn't there something I can do?" She took a step closer to him. She had decided as soon as she had stepped out of the car and gotten her first good look at this handsome cop standing in front of her, she would give herself up to him to avoid a ticket. Besides, he was really cute and she saw his uniform bulge when he had first seen what she was wearing.

"Miss, please turn around and place your hands behind your back." His mind was reeling, thinking of all the things he would like to do to this woman, but he had his job to do.

It was now of never. She dropped to her knees in front of him, grabbing his belt as she knelt. Moving quickly, knowing if she gave him any time he would stop her, she unzipped his pants, pulled his underwear out of the way and took his semi-hard cock into her mouth.

She was fast. Before he knew it, she was on her knees with his cock in her hot wet mouth, giving him no time to stop her. And now that she had him in her mouth, he wasn't going to either. Taking a firm hold of her head, he held her from moving as his cock began to grow to its full size, filling her mouth.

He tasted so good, a mixture of precum, from him being hard before, and his sweat. She could feel herself getting wet, wanting him. His cock grew in her mouth, forcing her to move her head backwards. As it filled her mouth, her cunt begin to drip, soaking the tiny lace g-string she was wearing. When he reached his full length, she began to suck in earnest. First, she took all that she could of his thick long hard cock into her mouth before sliding her mouth back off his shaft, until she had just his round, bulbous tip left in her mouth. Nibbling softly and twirling her tongue as if he was an ice cream cone, she made him moan before sliding him back deep into her mouth.

She was driving him mad. Every time she sucked on the tip of his cock, his knees threatened to buckle, sending him to the ground next to her. However, every time he felt for sure he could take no more, she would release his head and slide him deep into her mouth. She continued to do this until he was on the verge of cumming. He tried to pull her off, telling her that he was about to cum, but she just sucked him deeper into her hot wet mouth, digging her fingernails into his ass through the fabric of his pants.

He was so big and thick, she could not help but to think of how good it was going to feel to have this cop stick his hard long shaft into her, filling her as she had never been filled before. He panties were now soaked so much with her own juices, they could hold no more and she could feel the hot liquid working its way down her bare, smooth thighs. When he tried to move her off his quivering cock, letting her know he was about to cum, for the first time in her life she decided she wanted to taste cum, and drew him farther into her. When the first hot splash of his thick liquid hit the back of her mouth she came, her juices flowing freely now down her thighs.

She could not believe how good it felt or how good he tasted as she continued to suck on his thick, hot cock as he continued to fill her mouth with cum. His cock continued to quiver and pulse even after she could no longer hold all his cum in her mouth and it started running down her chin, dropping onto her black tank top.

He had never before cum in a girl's mouth and he wished he could do it all the time. The combination of her hot mouth and the gentle suction was giving him an orgasm like he had never experienced. Putting his hands out behind him, he caught himself on the hood of his cruiser. The pleasure was so intense and it was impossible for him to keep his balance, as she continued to suck his pulsing cock. She continued to suck on his now dry cock, pumping her head up and down his softening shaft. He could feel himself hardening again as he began to think how good her pussy must feel.

Once she had sucked the last drop of cum from his softening cock, she knew she could not stop. She had to make him hard again. She had to have his thick long cock buried inside her, filling her hot wet pussy, spreading her as she had never been before, hitting spots that had never been touched. She sucked him softly, moving her head up and down on his soft shaft, holding him firmly between her lips until he began to swell in her mouth again.

"Cuff me." She stood, turned, and leaned over the back of her car, placing her hands behind her. As she did, her skirt slid up over her tight firm ass giving him a full view of her soaking white panties, a view she was hoping would entice him to take her.

As he stepped towards her, his cuffs in hand- who was he to deny a woman's request- he could smell her. Her sweet musk filled his nostrils, heightening his already burning desire to plunge his cock deep into her. Taking her wrist, he placed first one bracelet and then the other on her, making sure to keep them loose, not wanting to hurt her.

"Tighter." She loved the feel of the cool metal against her warm, soft wrists but they were not tight enough, she wanted to feel as if she he was forcing her, she wanted him to be in control of her.

When he stepped in close to her again to tighten the cuffs on her wrists, she began to gyrate her hips, moving in just the right way to force his engorged cock between her legs, his swollen tip touching her soaking panties. He could not believe how wet and how hot she was.

As the cool steel of the cuff began to press tighter on her wrists and the tip of his cock pressed against her soaked panties, she began to cum again. The waves of her orgasm caused her body to buck and she forced herself back harder against his stiff long rod, so hard she could feel the lace fabric pushing into her hot wet hole.

"Please," she was panting hard now, "please don't hurt me." She was now laying flat on the trunk of her car, her chest beneath her, against the cool metal.

"I am going to fuck you until you scream." He understood at once what she wanted. She wanted him to take full control of the situation now. Moving his cock away from her opening, he ran his hands up her bare legs, taking a firm grip of the thin string of her panties. In one strong tug, he tore the string in half, making her moan and wiggle her ass even more. "I'm going to fuck you so hard. I am going to pound you until you can't take anymore." He let the string fall from his hands, the thin flap of lace covering her pussy falling forward, giving him complete access to her hot wet hole.

" Oh, please." She could no longer control herself. " Please, take me now." She was moving her ass back and forth, up and down, trying to make him enter her. She needed to have him filling her. She needed his hard cock sliding in and out of her, filling her, spreading her, making her cum.

Taking a firm hold of her hips, he held her still as he pressed the large round tip of his cock against her opening. Slowly, he slid the tip of his cock into her. Inch by inch, he pushed his cock into her steaming hole, as slowly as he could stand it.

He was so thick. He was spreading her past any point she had ever been. By the time he had forced his large purple head into her, she was cuming again. Three times she had cum and still he had not slammed that thick pole of his deep into her, she could not wait to see how many times she would cum as he pressed deeper inside.

She could not move as she came again, but her pussy got wetter and hotter. So hot and so wet, he could no longer control himself. Taking a firm grip of her, he pulled her back, forcing all of his stiff cock into her tight hole.

"Oh, God, yes." She came again as the tip of his long thick cock touched her in a place that nothing had ever touched before. " Fuck me please. Beat me hard."

Slowly he began to fuck her, this young hot sexy woman he had discovered on a quiet back road. Moving himself out just a little bit, he drove himself back into her, very slowly, enjoying the heat and wetness of her tight pussy. Picking up the tempo, he began to pull himself farther and farther out of her hot wet hole, until he was nearly pulling himself out of her tight box with every stroke before ramming into her as deep as he could.

She was cuming again as he pulled almost out of her to drive himself deep, so deep into her, it was almost painful, but it felt so good. He was fucking her hard and fast now, forcing her back and forth along the trunk of the car, smashing her breasts into the cold metal of the car, heightening her pleasure.

"Yes officer, punish me. Beat me hard and long."

She was an animal. She was fucking him as hard as he was fucking her now. With every thrust into her hot dripping pussy, she was pushing herself backward unto his shaft, forcing him deeper into her steaming wet hole. He knew that he would not last much longer, she was too hot and too wet and felt too good for him to even think of trying to hold off cuming. As he began to think of filling her with his thick cum, he could feel the first tingling of orgasm building.

It was getting harder for her to breathe. Her legs were sore and tired and she didn't think she could hold herself up much longer under his nonstop assault, but she didn't want to stop either, it felt too good.

"Please." As tired as she was, she could not help herself but to move into him every time he thrust his penis deep into her. "Please fill me. Fill me with your hot thick cum." She was panting now, from both exhaustion and pleasure; she was about to cum again. As his cock began to pulse deep inside her, splashing the first thick gob of his cum into her hot tunnel, she moaned and began to cum, the feeling of his molten liquid filling her pushing over the edge into pure pleasure.

He continued to pump his pulsing cock in and out of her quivering hot pussy until he was sure that they had both used the last of their energy. Slowly, placing his hands on the trunk of car, he pushed himself back from her spent body until his softening cock fell from her dripping hole, gobs of his cum mixed with her own sweet liquid now hung on her swollen lips.

As he pushed himself out of her sore and tired hole, falling backwards to sit on the hood of his cruiser, she stood, moving backwards towards him. She was tired, yes, but it was a good tired. A very good tired, like how you feel after a good work out, and she had just had one of the best workouts of her life. 

"Please, officer. Please uncuff me and tell me how to get home now. I'm more than sober enough now." When he did not react at once she had a flash of panic that this handsome cop was not going to let her off even after the fucking she had just gotten.

It took him a moment to gain energy enough to fumble for the key and release this beautiful red head in front of him, her ass still fully exposed, his cum slowly oozing down her legs, coating the inside of her smooth, firm thighs.

"If you get pulled over again tonight, you have never seen me. Remember that or we both are going to be in a lot of trouble." He released her hands from behind her back, noticing, as he placed his cuffs back on his belt, that both her wrist had red marks around them.

Once her hands were freed, she turned to face him, pulling her skirt down to cover her swollen dripping pussy. Taking his face in her hands, she kissed him passionately, forcing her tongue deep into his mouth.

As she kissed him, he could feel his cock beginning to stir again, pushing against her bare stomach as it began to harden and grow.

Releasing his face, she looked down, amazed that he could still get hard after cuming twice in a short amount of time.

"Maybe next time officer," she told him as she slipped his now fully hard cock into his pants, zipping his fly for him. "You can't expect a girl to be able to handle that thing more than once a night, you are just too big." 

Taking his pen and pad from his shirt pocket, she wrote down her number for him. "In case you missed it on the license, my name is Amy." She took hold of the front of his uniform, pulling him behind her as she made her way to back to her car.

With every step she took, she could feel more of his still hot cum dripping out of her; he must have filled her, coating her legs. Having him still so close to her, his hard thick cock just behind his zippered pants, and his cum still dripping out of her, she was getting hot all over again. Resisting the urge to have him take her again, she really was too sore, she got into her car, nearly forgetting how sore she was as his cum covered her as she sat.

"Give me a call. Maybe you can come to arrest me or maybe you can show me the inside of your cruiser." She inserted her key into the ignition and started her car. "Now if you would be so kind to tell me how to get home from here, I really need to get some sleep now."

He watched as she pulled away, reliving what had just happened in his head. He would have to give her a call and take her into custody again.