 Thanks to Schwingprose for the insight and editorial assistance

*

It was a Saturday night and my husband was having one of his regular poker parties. He has played with the same group of guys for a few years, with each taking a turn hosting. We had recently moved and this was the first one at our new house. He invited the usual crew, along with a couple of our new neighbors. The kids and I usually plan something fun on my husband's poker nights so he and the boys can have their fun without us being around. We'd usually go out to a movie and/or dinner but on this particular night both kids had other plans so I was on my own. This was a very rare event so I wanted to make the most of it. Little did I know what the evening had in store for me. 

I called up a girlfriend I hadn't seen in a while and we arranged to meet for dinner. We had a nice dinner, talked a lot, and had a great time catching up. I got home around 11 o'clock and found the guys were still playing cards. This wasn't surprising. Most of their poker nights last until the early hours of the morning. When I got out of my car I could hear them laughing and talking through the garage door.

After I walked inside the house I decided to go to the garage and check on the guys. I opened the door and saw they had three tables going. They seemed to be having a good time. Everyone looked up from their cards when I walked in and I said "Hi" to them all. I noticed two of our new neighbors were sitting next to each other at a table and I went over to greet them. Jeff immediately stood up and opened his arms to hug me, "You look very nice tonight," he said as I hugged him. He must have smelled my perfume when he was hugging me because he added, "And you smell great, too." I thanked him as I felt my face blush. Bill, our other new neighbor, stood up, smiled, and said "Hello." He told me how much fun he was having and how he hoped to be invited to future poker parties, even if they were at the other guys' houses. 

As Bill and I continued to chat I could feel eyes on me. I looked over and found Jeff was staring at me, or more specifically, at my breasts. I had on a black, low-cut summer dress. It's a short-sleeved wraparound dress that ties at the side. I call it my "easy access" dress because all it took was one pull on the tie and the dress was off. My husband liked the dress for that reason, plus he liked when I wore black because he said it looked good with my auburn hair and blue eyes. Sometimes the top slides down a bit and shows more of my cleavage than normal. I looked down and noticed the edges of my red lace bra peeking out of the top of the dress but stopped myself from reaching down and pulling it up. I liked the fact that Jeff was staring at my large breasts and I was getting a little turned on by it. The dealer at their table announced it was Jeff's bet and Jeff and Bill sat back down in their chairs. 

I went over to the the fridge in the garage, opened the door, and grabbed a beer for myself. I asked if anyone else needed another and both Jeff and Bill raised their hands and said, "I do." I grabbed two more bottles, walked over to their table, and leaned over in front of Jeff to deliver the beer. I knew he would have a clear view of my ample breasts and I looked up in time to see his eyes focused on them as I was leaning over. I could almost feel the heat from them and I smiled. My husband was at a different table and was completely entrenched in his game so he didn't notice anything that was going on at Bill and Jeff's table. I walked over to him, kissed him on the cheek and went inside. 

I decided to go upstairs and change into something more comfortable. I removed all my clothes and put on some cotton lounge pants and a fitted cotton camisole. The camisole was white and a little see through. When I looked in the mirror I could see the round pinkish circles and the jutted-out buttons of my nipples. I remembered the look on Jeff's face when I caught him staring at my tits, imagined how it would feel if he touched them, and felt my face get hot at these thoughts. I grabbed a light cardigan just in case one of the guys came inside the house to use the bathroom because I wanted to be able to cover up if I needed to. I then went downstairs, turned on the TV, and settled in to watch my new favorite show "Orange Is the New Black" while I enjoying my beer.

I watched a couple episodes, had a couple more beers, and was halfway through a third episode when I got a text from Jeff.

Jeff: Thanks for inviting me over.

My husband and I had exchanged phone numbers with Jeff and his wife shortly after we moved in but none of us had a need to use them until tonight. 

Me: No problem, you're welcome anytime.

It seemed a little odd that Jeff had texted me but I didn't give it too much thought and just continued watching my show. Shortly thereafter I received another text from Jeff.

Jeff: Do you have any beer inside? I am out. 

Me: Sure, come on in 

"Hmm..." I thought. A few minutes later my phone vibrated again. It was another text from him.

Jeff: I am on the patio, can you come out here?

I got up, walked to the back door, and opened it. He was standing there, all 6'3" of him, with a grin on his face and holding two beer bottles in his hands. He said he had found more in the garage and I felt a little flutter inside my chest as he handed me my beer. 

My mind raced back to when my husband and I were moving into our house and I met Jeff for the first time. He came over to introduce himself while we were in the driveway and I remembered when he reached out his hand to shake mine. When we touched I felt a spark immediately. I had not felt a spark like that from another man in years. The more he talked to us the more I liked him. He was outgoing and very funny. He told us he was a High School Basketball coach. When his wife joined the conversation, I liked her also. She was a teacher at the elementary school in our neighborhood, was friendly, and very pretty. 

Jeff and I walked over to the patio table and he set his beer down. He then moved behind me and started rubbing my shoulders. As he did this he leaned forward so his lips were next to my ear and he whispered, "Do you know how long it had been since I have had sex?"

I inhaled and could smell his cologne. I replied "Do you know how long it has been since I have had sex?"

He then began kissing the back of my neck. I am such a sucker for that. It definitely gets me going. As he continued to kiss my neck his mouth opened more with each kiss and I could feel his tongue on my skin. I felt conflicted. We were both married and had kids but I felt drawn to him, like a magnet to metal. I turned around and we passionately kissed. He was an excellent kisser and our chemistry filled the air. He grabbed my face with both of his hands and said, "You have the most amazing blue eyes. I have wanted to kiss you ever since I met you." 

My heart started pounding and my nipples hardened. I turned back around, leaned back against his chest, and laid my head back on his shoulder. I then took his hand, guided it up under my camisole, brought it up to my bare breast, and said, "I could see you liked these."

"Yes, I like them very much," he replied. 

I released his hand and reached down to bring up the other hand. " You can have both if you'd like." 

He began kneading my tits and it felt so good. "Mmmmm...," we both moaned. Just then one of the guys from the game came into the house to use the bathroom. "Shit", we both whispered. We quickly stepped back inside and sat on the couch, making sure there was plenty of space between us so it didn't look suspicious if someone came into the room. We pretended to watch TV as we made small talk until the guy was done in the bathroom and went back to the garage. 

Once he was gone Jeff and I talked about our attraction to each other and what to do about it. I confessed that the first time we met I also felt attracted to him. We both agreed it was risky to act on anything, but damn the chemistry was amazing between us. Jeff leaned over and kissed me deeply. Did I mention he was an amazing kisser? We began talking about sex and shared what really turned us on. He said he loves to eat pussy and if I let him eat mine I would be changed forever.

I laughed and said "Well, if I suck your dick you're going to want to move in with me!" 

"Well let's find out," he replied with a chuckle.

He grabbed my face, kissed me again, and then pulled his face away from me. He looked into my eyes and marveled, "Those eyes...oh, my God!" 

He then stood up, took my hand and led me into the bathroom. Once there he locked the door behind us. "This is crazy," I thought to myself, but my body thought it was completely necessary. "This is the bathroom the guys from the game are using." I said. 

He replied "I know," with a grin. 

We moved toward each other and again began kissing. My tongue met his as he opened his mouth. His mouth was warm and tasted like beer and his kisses made my nipples harder. I felt my heart beating faster. He lifted my shirt and began sucking and massaging my breasts. He was flicking the tip of my nipple with his tongue as I put both hands on his head and I exhaled. He then stood up and kissed me again. He raised his forearm and gently pushed it against my chest to press me up against the wall as he put his other hand inside my pants and between my legs. For a minute I couldn't move as my back was pinned while he held me there with his forearm across my chest. Wow! Feeling overpowered was new for me and in that moment, I discovered I loved it! I relaxed my body and succumbed to what was happening. No more conflict, only pleasure. His rough hand felt amazing against my clean-shaven lips as his middle finger worked its way back and forth over my clit. My pussy was seeping with its warm juices. I looked into his eyes as he was fingering me and they were filled with desire. 

Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. I gasped and covered my mouth as he released me from the hold. "Just a minute," Jeff said.

We looked at each other, both quickly trying to figure out how to get out of this without being discovered. I pointed to the bathtub/shower. He nodded his head and quietly opened the shower curtain. I stepped inside the tub and then closed the curtain. I heard Jeff flush the toilet and then wash his hands. The door opened and I heard, "Hey, Bill."

I heard the door close and then the toilet seat clinked against the tank. Then I heard Bill peeing into the toilet. My heart was pounding out of my chest. I was standing about a foot away from him and thought for sure Bill would be able to hear it beating, too. I held my breath as I heard the toilet flush and then Bill washed his hands and left the bathroom, turning off the light on his way out. I stood there silently for what seemed like an eternity, listening to the water tank fill back up in pitch black darkness, wondering if it was safe to step out of the bathtub. 

Reality, and my conscience, started kicking in as I stood there. What if it was my husband who had come into the bathroom? How would I have explained my hiding in the shower? I don't do stuff like this. Sure, I've flirted with guys before, but I hadn't put myself in a position like this since I was in my twenties. Seconds later I heard the door to the garage open and close. Then the bathroom door closed once again and the light came on. I didn't even have a chance to escape and someone was already in the bathroom again. 

I jumped as the shower curtain flew open and there stood Jeff with a big smile on his face. He offered his hand to help me step out of the tub and said, "That was close...and a little hot." His open mouth went to my neck and my conscience melted back into the recesses of my mind. I knew I had to finish this. The heat between my legs was not going to dissipate and the vibration I felt in my clit would not be satisfied alone tonight. 

As Jeff kissed my neck and massaged my mounds, I reached forward to his shorts. I could see the outline of his hard dick when I stepped out of the tub, and I liked what I saw. Now it was time for me to feel what my new neighbor was sporting. I slid my hand inside his shorts and boxers and my fingers felt his length as I reached lower for his sac. He was completely shaved. I felt my clit swell more as my fingers encircled his girth. "Wow," I whispered. He was looking at my face in anticipation of my reaction. My new neighbor was packing. I had to free it from his shorts. I dropped to my knees in front of him and quickly unzipped his shorts and dropped his boxers. My eyes feasted on his amazing cock. It was at least ten inches long and thick. When I wrapped my hand around his girth my fingers did not meet together. I looked up at him and asked him if I sucked his cock would he spray my tonsils with his cum?

"Mmmhmmm," was his response.

First, I focused on the head, I started gently sucking it as I twirled my tongue around it. I had my hands on his ass, squeezing it, as I pulled his hips forward so his entire manhood filled my throat. I moaned as I felt his head hit the back of my throat. This is when he realized I could handle his large throbbing cock in its entirety and I could feel the vein in his shaft become larger, and his cock even harder. I wrapped my hand around the base and cupped his balls with the other. I looked up at him and he was staring intently at me with his hands behind his back. We locked eyes and I began working his rod fervently. His eyes widened as he watched me deep throat his entire cock. My mouth was wet and warm and his cock was slick and tasted so good. As I came up I pressed my tongue against the bulging vein and when I got back to the head I encircled it with my tongue, flicking the tip of it before my mouth went back down and engulfed it again. I moved my hand in a circular motion as it followed my mouth up and then down. As I did this I took my other hand from his balls and grabbed Jeff's hand. I placed it behind my head and squeezed it so he would grab my hair. His eyes narrowed when I did this and he exhaled as he moaned quietly. 

"Those eyes," he seethed and I moaned. He brought his other hand up and stopped me. "I want to eat your pussy before I cum." 

I stood up, he quickly pulled down my pants, and he guided me up onto the bathroom counter. The hand soap fell and made a noise as it hit the trash can but neither of us stopped. I spread my legs to show him my cleanly-shaved pussy. He began to lick my lips as my clit grew larger and ached to be touched. He found my clit, twirling his tongue around it with just the right pressure, and placed a finger inside my slick sex. 

"Aaahhhh", escaped from my mouth. I knew I had to be quiet because there was a group of guys on the other side of the wall playing poker. Even though they were loud I couldn't take any more chances. I reached over to the towel rack and grabbed the hand towel. I put the towel to my mouth as I felt my orgasm building fast. I exploded all over his tongue as I moaned into the towel. My orgasm seemed to fuel his cock even more. I could see in his eyes he needed release. He stood up and guided me onto my stomach. The bend of my hips hit the edge of the counter perfectly. My ass was tilted up and my pussy was ready to take in his cock. 

My face was right in front of the mirror as I was bent over the sink. I looked up and we could see each other's faces. I mouthed, "Fuck me," and Jeff grabbed my hips and thrust his cock deep inside me. My pussy was dripping from my previous orgasm and oh, so slick. His meat filled me up completely. I felt fuller than ever and I could feel another orgasm churning deep inside me. The cool, smooth surface of the counter provided a tantalizing sensation against my nipples as they rubbed back and forth. He fucked me slowly at first, pushing all the way in each time. Our eyes locked in the mirror again as I whispered, "Harder." Each thrust felt deeper than the previous. My pussy clamped down around his cock and I could feel myself holding onto it tighter as I came a second time. Again, I moaned deeply into the towel and it took everything I had not to scream from the intensity of what was happening. I could tell by the look on his face that he was going to cum as he pounded my pussy faster and harder. His grip on my hips became tighter as his final thrust began to fill me with his load. I could feel his cock pumping every last drop into my hot sex.

We both exhaled as we put our clothes back on. He opened the bathroom door to look out and make sure the coast is clear as I hid behind it. He waved his hand and I went out first. I walked straight to the couch, made sure nobody else was around, and then motioned for him to come out. He sat down on the couch a few feet away from me like before. We sat there for a minute gazing toward the TV. We both took a drink out of our beer bottles and set them back down. 

Another episode of "Orange Is the New Black" was starting as Jeff looked over at me and said, "I have 2 questions. One, when is your husband having another poker party, and two, when can I move in?" 

I said, "I told you so," and I laughed. 

My husband hasn't hosted another poker night yet, all the other guys are taking their turns. Jeff and I see each other frequently throughout the week, and our families have gotten together for different occasions, but we both agreed that we can't let it happen again. But I have to admit, every time my husband mentions poker night, I can't help but smile.