 Saturday, November 13, 2004

Last Thursday night, Michael and I had a dinner date with a couple that he knows. I've met them before but they have no idea just how naughty we are as we've always kept a professional appearance anytime Don's girlfriend was around us. Don knew of our naughty side as after all, he is friends with Michael.

Don and Michael had spoken many times on how I am, you know, open sexually and uninhibited in my appearance and my demeanor. Michael told Don that he loves when I'm open with anyone who is around at the time as it gives us both such pleasure personally to see the way people squirm when we're around them.

Don had wanted his girlfriend, Alexis to be as open but she was closed eyed when it came to dressing sexy and provocative. Michael told Don that it's not a problem of being sexy but definitely not provocative as Michael said I like to be slutty bottom line. Which I do!

Anyways, the last time Michael was at Don's house along with Alexis, Don had put on a porn movie and they all sat down and watched it. Alexis didn't mind the movie but made it clear that no hanky panky was going to happen. Michael laughed at her 'closed mind' and from there the subject of open candor came up.

Don, knowing Michael's stance on things turned off the movie so they could get to business as he knew that Alexis would go off on Michael and that Michael would sit back and laugh at her. Don was there merely to keep the peace.

To keep this short, I'll just say that things were said and tempers flared. Alexis asked Michael how he would like to see me giving another man a blowjob while he was in the room and Michael replied to her that he would love to watch me suck another man's cock.

Alexis replied that he can say that now but given the real deal that Michael would probably not be so open about it. Michael countered with, 'How would you feel sucking off your man in front of me and Paula?' He said Alexis just shrugged it off.

Michael then told Alexis and Don to come over to the house for dinner and a night of strip poker with special circumstances. When Michael laid out the rules of the night, Don agreed on it but it took some time and lots of aggravation from Michael before Alexis agrees as well.

When Michael came home that night, he told me what he did and I thought this is going to be wild. So we planned the rules for the poker night and sent them an email outlining the rules and agreements so that nobody could back out at the last minute especially if they lost the game.

We set up dinner and game night for last Thursday night. Alexis and Don arrived around 6pm. Don walked in wearing a shirt, slacks, dress shoes and one big ole goofy looking smile on his face. Alexis came in wearing a leather miniskirt, back seamed stockings, high heels, a sweater with a deep plunging neckline. She has a tiny lil figure with big boobs and the first words which came to me was 'bitch'. lol

As we got ready to eat dinner, I brought out a pad of paper with the rules of Poker for the night so they could look it over once more. Here is the listing of our rules which were agreed on by all of us.

Jacks or better up to 3 of a kind, the losing person had to lose 2 pieces of clothing.... a flush to a full house they had to lose 3.... 4 of a kind, the losing gal or guy had to do something sexual to her/his partner... a straight flush... the losing girl had to do something to the winning male or female.... a Royal Flush... the losing girl would be used by the other 3 in any manner for the remainder of the night.

As they read these rules, Michael and I served dinner.

During dinner, the talk moved towards sex thanks to Michael. He once again had Alexis all fired up in no time. Alexis trying to hold her own against him was losing miserably. I finally stepped in and told them to settle down as we didn't want the evening ruined before it got started.

Alexis looked at me with daggers in her eyes as I said it after Michael made a point and she didn't have the chance to reply. I laughed at her and told her to extract her revenge during the game. She weakly smiled at me but I was laughing so hard inside.

After dinner as Michael and Don cleared the table, talking in the kitchen as I knew they would. Alexis and I grabbed our wine glasses and stepped onto the balcony. As we talked I told her that if she wanted to back out of this now that now is the time to do so. She cocked her head at me and said, 'no way, I'm waiting to see the look on Michael's face when Don shoves his cock in your mouth'!

I could only smile as I've had Don's cock in my mouth before, in fact had him in every entrance on my body. But she didn't know that and didn't need to know that. I was like, 'oh my' as she added, sorry to be so vulgar. I said no problem and added myself, I'm looking forward to seeing you trying to stuff Michael's cock into your face too!

This time I stood there with a look of confidence as she pondered that same aspect. I think she had an idea that she was about to lose tonight.

Michael came out and said the table is ready. I excused myself and went upstairs to change. I slipped into a miniskirt and one of Michael's dress shirts, high heeled pumps and a smile. When I came down the stairs, Alexis looked at me and mentioned that if I lost to a pair of kings, that I would be naked in no time and laughed.

I looked into her eyes and said, I know... but I love to be naked! Especially in front of other people. She just about choked on her wine.

The game got under way and no sooner did the first bet hit the table, Michael laid out 3 Kings... we still had 2 more cards to be dealt. Michael looked over at Alexis and told her, it's going to be fun to watch you give Don a blowjob if I get another King.

You could see the panic filling Alexis now. I folded as did Don. Alexis, holding her cards with shaking hands finally threw down. She had a pair of Queens and a pair of Aces.

Michael looked at me as he tossed down his 5 cards, holding 4 Kings he looked at Alexis, and told her to get busy! She sat there for a minute just staring at the cards. Michael pushed his chair back and waited. It was so quiet in the room that I swear, I heard the thumping of her heartbeat.

Don, looked at Alexis and told her rules are rules. Michael picked up the deck of cards and began shuffling them. Alexis scooted out her chair and stood up. She looked at Michael and told him, bite your tongue while she does this. Michael smiled and said to her that he's not going to say anything but there better be plenty of slurping sounds.

She got on her knees and moved between Don's legs and unzipped his slacks. She pulled his already cock out and began licking the shaft before taking it into her mouth. She sucked him slowly, looking up into his eyes.

Michael repositioned his chair so he could watch her more so than him but I saw Don smile his way as Michael gave him thumbs up. I watched her technique and knew that I could do better.

Alexis moved up his shaft and sucked the crown. She had her hand around the base of his cock and was pumping him while sucking. I always considered that cheating but to each her own. She took about half his length in her mouth and began bobbing her head on him while pumping his base.

She'd run her tongue over the head and tongue the slit. I could Don looking around at me then to her. I was licking my lips as I wanted to lose the next hand just so that I could get Michael's cock in my mouth.

I told her she was doing a great job as she sucked harder. Her hand pumping him faster as Don shifted in his chair. She looked up at Don as she tried to get as much of his cock into her throat but ended up gagging slightly. She recovered good and was applying her tongue to his crown when he began to come.

Alexis had to have felt the first stream of come hit her tongue and pulled his cock from her mouth. She pumped his shaft thru her hand as his sperm flew everywhere. She rubbed the head against her chin as she squeezed what she could from his cock.

She wiped her mouth with a napkin and sat back down. Her nipples were clearly visible thru the fabric of her sweater. As she sat down, she looked at Michael and asked him if he was jealous. He said nope as he began shuffling the deck again.

I was so hot that I wanted to feel a cock in my mouth too. I smiled at Michael as he smiled back at me. He began dealing the cards once more.

The next hand, we lost to a pair of Aces and since I was the last to play as Michael had folded before the dealing of the 3rd card, I was the one to lose the clothing. I pulled off my shirt and miniskirt. Sitting in the chair in only my high heeled pumps. 

Don, kept looking over at me. Checking out my boobs as I scraped them across the table or pulling my elbows in to squeeze them. Michael was watching me tease him as was Alexis who would give Don the look of evil.

The next hand, Alexis threw down her cards and had a straight flush, she looked over at Don and said are you ready for another blowjob hun? He replied with a hell yes! Michael looked at me and said to get busy.

I took my time getting over to him because I didn't want to show her that I was in a hurry. Alexis looked at Michael and told him, lets see how you feel now watching her suck off another man. Michael scooted out his chair once more and told Alexis, I have no problem with this, and since you failed to take his load into your mouth, I'll even have Paula swallow him up!

I kneeled between Don's thighs and pulled his cock from his slacks. I had him stuffed in my throat from the get go. I felt his head tickling the back of my throat as I sucked him deep. Taking his full length into my mouth I moved over his cock slowly.

Letting Alexis watch his head push out my throat. I wanted to just suck like a mad woman but wanted to feel him come slowly. I sucked him slow and gentle. Don put his hand on my head and began pumping my mouth as I held him tight in my lips.

Alexis looked at Michael and asked him, how he was liking it now. Michael looked at her and told her that he's looking forward to feeling her lips on his cock. Or better yet, her ass stuffed with his cock! Alexis could only smile half heartedly as she knew the possibility could be there.

Don, told Michael that she had never had anal sex before and that it would be her first time. Michael leaned back in his chair and replied, 'well, there's a first time for everything' then he laughed.

I had Don's cock deep in my throat and was massaging his shaft with my throat muscles. I heard Don groan, then his hand pushed my head deeper on his cock as I felt his precum rising to the surface as I felt it's warmth on my tongue.

I pulled my mouth off his cock and told him to cum in my mouth as I sucked him back deep. Don, moaned out 'oh shit' as I felt his come filling my mouth. I swallowed him first then opened my mouth showing both Michael and Alexis his cock erupting in my mouth. I swallowed again and again as I took what he had left.

I gave his cock one last hard suck then kissed the head. I stood up and smiled at Michael and told him he tasted so sweet as I smacked my lips together. I looked at Alexis and told her that she should start taking his come as it helps with proteins which is good for the skin.

Michael passed the deck to me as it was my turn to deal. I gave the cards to Alexis to cut and began dealing them out. One by one I tossed them to the players.

Looking at my cards I had junk and folded. Michael placed a bet and was raised by Alexis. Don matched the bet and raise as I dealt out another card. This time Don folded leaving Michael and Alexis to battle it out.

Michael bet and again Alexis raised it. Michael matched it and another card was dealt. I set the deck down and waited. I looked at Michael and told him the bet was his and he checked. Alexis looking at her cards bet. Michael matched then raised. Alexis bet and raised it again.

The betting and raising went on for about 10 minutes as they tried to out do the other. Finally, as they were down to minimal chips, Alexis challenged Michael telling him that if she won, that I had to be the playtoy for the remainder of the night.

Michael smiled and told her only if you agree to be the playtoy of the night should you lose. Alexis thought it over and showed her cards to Don who told her, 'its your bet, do what you want'. Alexis then looked Michael right in the eye as she leaned into the table and said ok, I agree.

Michael told her to throw down then. Alexis, tossed her cards to the table, sat back and looking at Michael told him, 'Bite Me'. As I looked to see what she had, Michael looked at his cards and recounted what he had. He looked at me and asked me if I felt like being playtoy of the night or not.

I kind of looked at him weird and asked it didn't matter much to me as I was all for it. He then asked Don if he wanted Paula or Alexis to be playtoy. Don had the same look as I did as we wondered where he was going with this.

Michael looking alittle weird asked Alexis if she was looking forward to having anal sex with him for the first time. Alexis had had enough of this and told him to either throw down or shut the fuck up. Michael looked at her and said, 'oh, alittle forceful maybe you need to be humbled' and threw down is cards.

He had a straight flush to the King as to were Alexis had one to the Queen. Michael ended up winning the hand and while Alexis was still counting the cards over and over, Michael told her to go upstairs, get naked and be on all fours by the time he got up there that he was going to teach her about being humble.

Don was as surprised as Alexis was or I was at his demeanor. Don walked Alexis upstairs as I sat with Michael for abit. I asked him if he was willing to fold his hand if she didn't say what she said. He said he was just about to fold knowing how much I wanted this night up until the time she said that him.

For me it didn't matter who the toy was for the night, all I knew was that we'd have a much better time if I was it rather than her. But since she was so harsh to Michael, I told Michael to fuck the bitch deep! He smiled and said he'd be easy on her but just wanted to scare her more so for being such a bitch.

Don came down the stairs and sat down next to us. He told Michael that she was ready to get it over with and to have fun with her. Michael asked Don if he had any regrets to this night taking place. Don said that they both knew what they were getting into and still agreed on it. He also volunteered that he heard her telling all her friends that she was going to make some guy and his slut her bitch.

Both Michael and I were like, whoa! Don said she is really nervous up there not having had it done to her like that before and every time he tried to with her she would turn him down flatly. Michael just looked like he puzzled. I asked him if he intended on giving her what she deserves and Michael just sat there.

Don kept telling Michael to go do it but Michael had other plans. He told Don to go up and get her and bring her downstairs. Don went up to go get her as I asked Michael what he was doing.

Michael explained to me that if she had never done this before, then it's only right that she do it with Don for the first time. They can learn from us and this way, you get what you wanted and she gets humbled at the same time. I kind of understood his reasonings but at the same time I wanted to hear the bitch squeal.

Don and Alexis came downstairs. Alexis wearing only her thigh highs and heels wondering what was going. Michael explained to them what he told me and if Alexis agreed on doing this with Don, then everything would be fine but if she didn't agree to this, then her and Michael will go upstairs and finish the bet.

Don and Alexis discussed it among themselves then agreed to it. Alexis walked over to Michael and kissed him on the lips and thanked him for being so sweet and understanding. I then kissed Michael before diving into his jeans and freeing his engorged cock.

I took him into my mouth and began sucking him. Alexis watched me as I fed his cock to my lips commenting on how thick he looked and that he'd never have gotten his cock into her ass... Michael said it wouldn't be a problem as I kept sucking his cock.

Alexis began sucking on Don's cock. Here we were, two women kneeling side by side sucking on their men. Michael and Don would exchange looks between the both of us. I reached over and wrapped my hand around Don's shaft as I asked Alexis to switch sides.

Without a hesitation, Alexis moved over to Michael and began licking and sucking his cock. I watched her as she enjoyed the thickness moving in and out of her mouth. She tongued his balls before engulfing his head back into her mouth.

I had Don hard and ready to pop but kept squeezing the base of his cock so he wouldn't cum so fast. I finally slipped my hand over his shaft and slowly pumped as we all watched Alexis sucking on Michael.

Alexis then pulled her mouth off Michael's cock and asked if there was anything that we needed to do for this to take place. Michael told Alexis that she needed to have a couple orgasms to relax with first otherwise she'd be too uptight.

I released Don's cock and laid down onto my tummy. I moved to Alexis and began running my fingers over her shaven pussy. Moving my fingers over her flesh, she parted her thighs. Michael told Alexis to lie back and relax.

I crawled up between her thighs and began kissing and teasing her pussy lips. Darting my tongue over her clit and licking the inner folds of her mound. I slid a finger into her wet opening and began to push upwards. As my tongue licked her clit, I felt for her g-spot.

I felt her shudder once and rubbed the same spot just past the urethra and massaged it. I felt her shake then she began to tremble. I licked her clit and kept rubbing her insides til she moaned out and began thrusting her hips. Licking and tonguing her sweet folds she screamed out again.

I felt her thighs closing around my head til she caught herself and opened them again. I kissed and flicked my tongue over her clit and sweet wet entrance. I then placed 2 fingers on myself and rubbed my clit giving myself an intense orgasm.

Both Don and Michael watching me as I pleasured Alexis and then myself. I asked Michael if she should be ready and he told me to prepare her.

I told Alexis to get on her knees as I moved under her. I began licking once more at the clit while moving my hands behind her thighs. Opening her up and running my fingers over her tight backside. I moved the wetness of her pussy to her backdoor and massaged the tight entrance.

I pushed my finger against her backside until it gave way and allowed my finger to slip into her ass. I continued to tease and tongue her clit while I slowly pumped her ass. Feeling her ass relaxing, I knew it wouldn't be long before Don's cock was pushing it's way inside her.

Michael then told me to remain under her and for Don to move behind her. Don moved behind as I took his cock into my mouth, I sucked him while I continued pumping her ass. I then took his cock out of my mouth and guided him to her entrance.

Michael told Don to push slowly inside and to stop once the head was in inside her opening. He did as he was told and I stopped him by grabbing his shaft. Michael told Alexis to let the feeling of being full to pass. He told Don to remain right there until she said she was fine.

Alexis, took the adjustment of having his head in there really good. She then said she was ready and I released his shaft as Michael told him to go in slow and to stop when she said stop. He pushed in another 2 inches before she said stop.

Don was patient as he knew this could go either way and didn't want to lose his try of getting her to enjoy this. I licked her clit while she said go. He pushed in abit more slowly until his entire length was embedded inside her. I licked his balls while rubbing her clit.
