 Ace. Two. Six. One Club and two Spades. That mess left me with only a pair of sixes, no chance at a straight and not even close to a flush. She, on the other hand, was now sitting on a pair of aces and four Spades. As far as I could tell I was dead in the water and my day of enjoying her company across from me at the table was about to come to an end.

Jack. Heart. Didn't help either of us.

Ace. Diamond. My game was over.

I stood from the table and shook her hand to the applause of the audience. Her hand was warm and a bit clammy (was it possible that she was nervous at any point playing me?) and it sent chills through my body. I had shook her hand earlier in the day when we first sat down at the final table of the event, and both time I relished the touch of her flesh. I ensured that I kept good eye contact with her and smiled as I turned my back on her to collect my winnings for sixth place ($40,000) and watch the remainder of the table from the audience. I would be rooting for her the rest of the time, as were most of the men there. 

I sat back in the shadows, able to breathe now after that final hand and watched her body slip back into her seat to finish her time at the table. It was the final table of a regional poker tournament and she stood to win $250,000 and a new car. I was just a newbie at these things, a man who somehow won more money than he put in, but would never be able to play with the big dogs. She...she was Jenny Soltess, a nationally known player who's had her fair share of face time on ESPN. She was one of the best female poker players in the country and the type of person one wouldn't mind losing to again and again. I had a chance to talk to her during one of the intermissions and she was smart and funny. 

Moreover, she was good looking. She wasn't turn-your-head-stunning, but she definitely looked great amongst a bunch of hairy, smelly men at the poker table. She was about 5'7", with blonder hair that stopped right at the nape of her neck. Her eyes were that deep, hypnotic blue and her frame was athletic and curvy in the right places, though none of the curves were too big. I was surprised that her butt could look so good after hours upon hours sitting on those poker seats and her breasts we easily large B's or small C's. Her looks were good enough that she could be intimidating to look at while at the table, but she never dressed in an outrageous or slutty way. She almost always wore shirts with t-shirt-like necklines and never, ever flirted with anything low-cut while at the table. Her ass was usually being hugged by form-fitting jeans and she often wore a light leather jacket. She was sexy without having to show it all off.

So I tried to stare at her without staring at her, knowing that I would likely never get a chance to talk with her again, but not caring. It was an experience that I could relate to others and know that they would be secretly jealous. At the end of the day she came in second, losing on a dumb-luck full-house and she settled for the $200,000 second prize. The players at the final table all had one last hand-shake and then I left the pit, sure that it would be the last time I saw her in person. My plan for the rest of the day was to relax in the pool, catch a buffet and gamble away some of my winnings. The pool part went off without a hitch and I soon found myself riding the elevator back to my room, dressed in disheveled shorts and a t-shirt, holding my wet towel and trunks. At the concourse floor, the doors opened and much to my surprise in walked Jenny with a smile. I watched as the doors closed and she pressed the button for her floor, all the way at the top.

"Hi Jack, where ya headed?"

"Oh, just going back to my room." I felt my face getting red as I turned a bit sheepish. Alone in the elevator she was even better looking and through she wasn't a celebrity that many people could name, she was still a celebrity. "I was down in the pool for the bit. Figured I'd clean-up and catch the buffet, maybe go throw some of my winnings onto the craps table for a bit. Enjoy my last couple days here."

"Food. Now that's something I've been craving. Listen, I just left my friends for the night, they had to catch a plane back. Do you mind if I join you? I don't feel like hanging out with any of the normal poker-heads down there."

"Uh, sure. You want to meet down in the lobby in fifteen?"

"Sounds great."

She flashed the smile again as the elevator stopped and the doors open. I kept from stumbling out of the car and she gave a quick wave as I turned out of sight. I was so excited, I ran down to my room and hopped into the shower. 

In the elevator it had taken nearly all my willpower to stay soft because I knew she would have seen it through the flimsy shorts. But now that I was in the confines of my own room I let the blood flow freely to my cock. I quickly washed my hair as my wet cock pointed north, then soaped down the rest of my body, cleaning off the terrible chlorine. I brought the bar of hotel issue soap down to my crotch and rubbed it liberally over my cock and balls, working up a fine, thick lather. The soap clattered to the floor as my right hand took hold of my full balls, massaging them as Jenny's image floated into my mind. I saw her cute ass bending over the table, reaching for her stack of chips and I wondered if she would let her breasts out to play now that she wasn't in the heat of battle. My left hand slid over my soap lathered cock with experienced efficiency, my fingers eagerly stimulating the large vein on the other side and I moaned as I rubbed the palm over the pulsing head. I looked down and watched as my hands worked my cock, pulling and rubbing, groping and mashing. It wasn't even two minutes before I felt my nuts clench and I watched as a long, cloudy stream of cum explode from my cock and flew through the water droplets, exploding as it splattered against the back wall. As that first cum rocket slid down the wet tile, a second, smaller stream curled out of my cock and I watched as it dripped to the ground, pooling at my feet.

With a sigh, I cleaned my self up, letting my cock soften as I washed off the soap. I looked over the tile and for a moment contemplated what I was going to do. Supposed I was the luckiest man in the world and I got Jenny back into my room this evening. If she were in the bathroom and caught sight of that large, slowly drying jettison of cum, would it turn her on? Or would it disgust her? I figured the safe road would be best and reached over and cleaned off the tile, watching my achievement flush down the drain. I couldn't spare any more time so I exited the shower and quickly dressed, opting for my normal casual outfit of t-shirt, shorts, and a hat. Simple and effective.

In five minutes I was back down in the lobby, which I reached almost at the same time as Jenny. I must say that I was pleased with what I saw. She had on the same tight pair of jeans, but had traded in the t-shirt for a spaghetti-string tank top that was low-cut and showed off the tops of her wonderful breasts, which certainly did not show any sign of ever having a tan. Over this she had on a see-through black-shawl. She had gone from good-looking to hot and again I found myself having to control both my clumsiness and my cock. I was now gratefully that I took the time to fire one off before meeting her.

We went off to the buffet with incident and spent the next hour making normal small-talk, discussing our love of sports, the nature of poker tournaments and her plans for the summer. We were nearing the end of dinner when her conversation turned back to gambling.

"So what are we going to play tonight?" She was hunched over the edge of the table, leaning towards me. The tank-top allowed an ample shot of cleavage to fill my line of vision.

"Well, I was thinking craps, since that is my more normal. I love watching the dice roll."

"Mmmm...great game. Interactive, big money, everyone gets into it. So how much are you doing down there with? You gonna be a big money guy now that you've won a few in the tournament?"

I blushed, "I was thinking of going with two or three thousand. Nothing too big, but more than what I normally play with."

"I'm sure it will be big enough," she smiled. With that we left the buffet and found the first free table on the floor. There were a few other people there and the play was initially slow. Things turned around though when Jenny got the dice. She started rolling and soon the action picked up. I was matching her bet for bet and she kept rolling winning combinations. Before we knew it, the table was hopping and everyone was treated to a righteous view of her cleavage each time she reached for the dice. The success continues after she crapped out and gave me the dice. The whole time we kept winning and drinking, winning and drinking. After a couple hours, the table cooled and we walked away big winners and big drunks. We stumbled back to the elevators, laughing about our night.

"So," she said, smile huge on her face, tits now practically falling out of her top, "you want to come up to my room? I got beer and SportsCenter must be on by now"

Within minutes I was walking into her suite near the top floor and drooling over her accommodations. I knew now what being a high roller really could get you. She put on the television and we flopped onto the oversized couch, beers on the table. Before I really knew how I should handle her, Jenny was close to me, her hand running over my thigh and a wonderful look in her eye. 

"Are you always this forward with poker plays your run into in the elevator," I asked, my own hand running over her thigh, which was warm through her jeans. In my state I couldn't even bring my eyes to meet hers, they were so fixated on the top of her breasts, so close now. 

"I'm a gambler Jack, and I get dealt hands like that all the time. You should just consider yourself lucky that an eight, nine, on-suit like you came along and I decided to play the hand. All I know is that I better not regret going all-in."

Before I could embarrass myself any further, her hand slid up my leg and cupped my crotch, which had begun to harden the moment we stepped into the room. I took that as my cue and I leaned into her, our lips locking in wet, full kisses. My hand leapt from her leg and secured itself on her left breast, the heat through her shirt driving me wild. Her nipples were already beyond hard and pressed up against the fabric. Her tit filled the palm of my hand perfectly and I let it sit there as she rubbed my hard cock through my shorts. I kissed the tops of her breasts, enjoying the soft flesh against my lips. She was rubbing the palm of her hand against by cock as her fingers slipped under my balls and cupped them. A wide smile was planted on her face as she knew she had me under her control.

"Take it out. You'll like what you see."

I reached into her tank top and pulled out her breast. It was warm and white, so soft to the touch. The single breast was beautiful in its simplicity. The nipple was a light pink, hard and with an areola slightly bigger than a quarter. To the left of the nipple, she had a small tattoo, one that would certainly only be viewable if she wore the skimpiest of bikinis. It was, of course, an ace of spades. I smiled and brought my face back in, softly licking her nipple and enjoying how her body twitched in reaction to my touch. My lips followed my tongue and sucked gently on it. It was the best thing I had tasted in weeks. She allowed me to suckle it briefly while her hand teased my hardness. Then she slid away from me, nearly making me cry as I watched the sweet breast slip away from my mouth. Jenny now knelt before me, one breast hanging out of her tank top and the other still secure in the skimpy fabric. She took off her shawl and let it crumple in the corner. Behind her SportsCenter continued its quest to inform us of the sports news and I only briefly noticed that poker was coming on next. Her nimble hands unbuttoned my pants and skillfully released my cock from my pants and boxers. I kept my pubes fairly short so as to accentuate my size and though I knew I wouldn't impress her, I was hoping she would be satisfied. She seemed to be as her hands worked over my length, her fingers rubbing the pre-cum from the head over the shaft. She ran one white finger down the vein underneath, bringing a shudder to my body. 

I was in heaven, looking down at her as she brought her face in closer to my cock, my hands reached out and stroked her hair. She looked at me, her eyes locking onto mine as she extended her small tongue and licked the underside of my shaft. It was a view no man could resist. I was glad I had shot my load earlier so I could last longer in her mouth, but I knew I wouldn't be breaking any records. She was too hot to withhold cum from. Like my own, her lips followed her tongue and she kissed my shaft until she reached the head. Her tongue swirled around on it and she kissed it several times. Each time I flexed the muscles in my cock, sending a flow of blood right to the head and expanding it to its maximum size. Jenny knelt up straighter as she took my cock inch by inch into her mouth. She was slow and deliberate with it, making sure her every movement brought me a burst of pleasure. One of her hands slipped under my nuts and rubbed them slowly, turning them over with her fingers, her thumb rubbing at the base of my cock. Her other hand simply held me still for her mouth to work over. 

It didn't take her long to show me that she could take my whole length without choking and after making this unspoken statement, she worked her mouth into a rhythm. Up and down her mouth went, warm and inviting, her tongue continuing to work the underside of my cock. Her eyes never left mine and my legs twitched as I knew I was going to cum soon. She anticipated my release and pulled her mouth out. Though I was disappointed, I didn't dwell long on it, as her hand replaced her mouth's rhythm and she pushed her arms together, offering me her cleavage as the anticipated target. The white valley between her breasts brought me to the apex and the sight of her small, pink nipple peeking at me brought me over the top. I arched my back slightly as I unloaded a long string of cum and watched it arc into the air, then splatter down on her check. Most of it hit the intended target, but a little pool splattered her previously clean tank top. A second string came out with less force, clipping her sweet tits and dropping down onto her jeans. She didn't mind though, as the smile never left her face.

"Now it's time to show you my cards."

Jenny stood and pulled her tank top off with one smooth motion. Her perfect breasts were now equally free for all to see and I gazed in awe. They were perfectly symmetrical except for the small tattoo and strings of cum still clinging to the white skin. She then turned around so that her ass was directly in my face and unbuttoned her jeans. She made a show of pulling them down over her ass and took her panties straight off with them. Between her legs I saw her moist pussy, which looked clean shaved from the backside. Her lips were big and plump, and looked prominent under her heart-shaped ass. 

"Oh!," she exclaimed. "I'm on TV!"

Not wanting to take my eyes off the sight before me, I looked around her bare bum and saw that yes, she was on TV. It was a previously taped poker program and there she was at the featured table. The whole scene was now somehow surreal as I watched two of her before me.

"You know," she smiled, looking back at me, "I simply adore watching myself on television, especially when I win. If I remember correctly I do quite well in this tournament. If you play your cards right Mister, you may get to witness on hell of an orgasm."

My body shuddered. I had no idea how to respond to such a notion. Instead, I did the only thing natural and leaded forward, my heads cupping her ass cheeks and slowly spreading them so I could bury my face into her pussy. As I spread her I got site of a perfect pink asshole. It was lovely in its tenderness and there was nary a stray hair to be seen. She took time on her bottom, and I knew that before the night was out, so would I. Her smell was intense from just inches away and I hurried myself deeper, placing a soft kiss on her lips. Her body jerked in reaction, then relaxed as I continued to kiss and let my tongue split her lips, exploring her well hidden lands. As I worked my face more feverishly on her pussy my hands grabbed her ass, squeezing her soft cheeks. She let out a series of long, soft sighs as I worked her, my tongue never leaving the confines of her lips. I pushed forward to get a better angle on her clit and my world was filled with her smell my nose was nearly buried into her hole. She let out a long groan as I licked her clit, softly spelling her name with my tongue. Her thighs began to shake as I worked her into a frenzy and I knew from her movements that her hands were now working her own breasts, massaging the first of my cum into their skin like lotion. My own cock had again risen, yet I resisted the urge to reach down to pet it. 

"Oh God, I'm about to beat this guy! Quick, fuck me!"

I was in shock at the request and didn't have time to process it before she moved away from my face and took a position on all fours. She reached one hand back to spread her cheek as another sign of what she wanted. Not wanting to keep her waiting, I kneeled behind her and took my warm cock in my hand. I easily moved in behind her and slipped my cock into her waiting pussy with ease. She wasn't tight, but she certainly wasn't loose. She just had a pussy that had a fair amount of experience and was eagerly awaiting a cock. I immediately went balls deep to nothing more than an "ugh" from her. Her face watched the screen intensely and I followed suit, watching the conservatively dressed woman play her cards, while I fucked the same woman, her pink asshole smiling up at me. I fucked her with slow, deep strokes, my cock throbbing at the touch of her insides. My hands spread her cheeks further, so I could alternate between looking at her on the TV and watching her asshole. To my left, on the closet, there was a full length mirror and in it I watched as her breasts swung with a sweet rhythm. She was everything I could have asked for in a woman.

"Faster!" she demanded as the television changed to a commercial. "When this comes back I'm going to lay this guy out. I want you cumming in me when I get my chips!"

Her direct orders sent a pleasant tingle through my balls and I increased my speed, breathing harder and grunting as I did. Each commercial that passed brought more urgency on. After just coming I had to work fast to get there again and with more speed I was building towards it. Sweat rolled down my face as I pounded away, the sloppy sounds of sex reverberating through the room. By the time the poker came back on I was almost ready to burst.

"Here it comes...fuck...you better be ready to call my bet poker boy."

As I watched the last card turn over I struck deep within her and exploded. It wasn't as full or powerful as my previous cum, but I felt it ooze from my cock into her body. I watched as her body shuddered, ass cheeks rippling under my hands. She let out a long, satisfying sigh. I stayed there as my cock softened within her and we caught our breaths. On the TV she had just collected her chips while eliminating another player. The smile on her face there matched the one on her face in front of me.

"Nice job, poker boy," she said, looking back at me. "Mind if I step away for a bit."

Again before I could answer, she was on the move, pulling away from me. My cock slipped out of her and hung wet and limp between my legs. As she stood I watched my cum drip from her pussy, down her leg and onto the carpet. She walked into the kitchenette area while a line of cum dripped down her thigh. I got up and took a seat on the couch, watching her work on TV, waiting for her to return. I heard her returning and I turned to look, fascinated by her hips seductively moving, her tits hanging perfectly off of her frame. I her hands she held two beers and a tube of lube. I smiled, knowing her ass was destined to be mine. She handed me a beer, placed the lube on the floor between us and sat on the couch. She leaned over and licked the wetness from my cock before taking a few swigs of her beer. Sitting close to me, her legs and body pressed against mine, she began to talk.
