 Welcome back, my pervy readers. Enjoy!

lioness71

**********

'I can't take this shit anymore!' I'm thinking as I fix my hair and put my make-up on. This is the fucking 21st century, for Christ's sake. I just spent the last three years in the army. Now I'm in the middle of my second semester of Police Science, and that sexist, repulsive, piece of shit professor still thinks I belong in the kitchen, barefoot and preggo. I don't need this shit. I let out a frustrated sigh. My friends are right. I need a night out. Focus on the hair and make-up. 

Spring has finally sprung. Everyone is itching to get out and let loose after the long cold winter. My problems with professor dick-up-his-ass are the perfect excuse to get the gang together and go clubbing tonight. That's what Fridays are for, right? I think I'm done here.

Face is perfect, my blue eyes accentuated by dark eyeliner. Hair is perfect, the wild and curly mop of carefree red hair is gonna be bouncing on the dance floor tonight. I'm wearing only a matching black lace bra and panty set. I look at myself in the long mirror. I'm definitely in the mood to let loose tonight. Some poor bastard better thank his lucky stars and hold on tight. 

My cells rings, it's Candice. "Hey, chickee-poo! You ready yet?"

"Almost. Just gotta slip the dress and shoes on. You?"

"Hell, I'm on the way already. Tami says 'hi'." I can hear Tami in the car shouting in the background. "Get yer ass ready, bitch." Yup. The girls are free and on the prowl. Let the menfolk beware. "We'll be there in five."

I slip on the dark blue and silver dress lying on the bed then the black strappy heels. I grab my purse and double check it - phone, house key, lipstick, credit card, ID, condom and mace. My whole life reduced to seven items. Locking up the apartment, and taking the elevator down to meet Candi.

The sun is just setting as I get outside. The bustling streets of NY suburbs coming to life. It seems everyone has the same idea as we did. Candi pulls up a few moments later. Tami is in the back, lying across the seat, trying to force thigh-high boots onto her feet. "Need any help with that, sunshine?"

Tami glares at me and tells me to fuck off. "These fit last year, damn it." Candi and I are both laughing as we head to the clubs. She's got a mouth on her, but she a good friend. We actually get a surprisingly good parking spot within two blocks of several decent clubs. We wait in the car for the others to meet us. A group of four girls walk around the corner and the three of us climb out of Candi's car to go meet them. 

"Whoooaaa, you bitches look hot!" We spin to show off our outfits as our friends get closer. It's been so long since all of us were free the same weekend. Hugs and compliments abound as we decide where to go first. We decide to start at the one with the cheapest drinks to get the night started, before heading off to better pastures.

The music is loud as we enter. The lights are low. Without thinking, I scan the room, looking for threats or anything out the ordinary. See, school is starting to pay off already. We find an empty table and just sit and drink for an hour catching up with everyone's lives. I go to school at John Jay College of Criminal Justice. My family has been cops, and occasionally fire fighters, for as far back as anyone can remember. I tried to be different, so I joined the army, but it just wasn't what I wanted. Two years of that, and I conceded defeat and enrolled into cop school. I catch everyone up on what I've been studying before bringing up the sexist bastard. I get much needed full-on support from six angry bitches. We spend a long time thinking of evil ways to punish him. It's an odd form of therapy. I know there's not much I can do. If I tell his supervisor, I'm a snitch; not a good way to start off your career in law enforcement. And I know I'll be getting that attitude from perps and civilians anyway, so I might as well learn to deal with it. My grandpa gave me some sage advice. He told me if words were enough to hurt me, or make me give up my dream, maybe I should reconsider my dreams. But if that bastard touches me or fucks with me, I should break every bone in his body. My grandpa's not the most eloquent retired cop in the world, but he does make sense. This isn't a perfect world; I'm going to have to learn to deal with the assholes. Might as well start now.

After my demons are vented, and support is blanketed around to each of us for our various troubles, it's time to head out again. As one large group, we walk to the next club. There's a short line outside this one. It's still fairly early, so we wait, enjoying the cool spring evening. 

Once inside, we grab a booth along the wall. We spend the next few hours mingling, angling for free drinks and a dancing with a multitude of partners. The drinks and dancing are easing the stress I was feeling before. I'm just looking for fun. No stress. No drama. No assholes.

The club gets fuller and fuller as the night progresses. Strange hands linger on my hips, my waist, and my ass. A few men get a second dance, but mostly I just switch from one partner to the next, even an occasional woman pops into my dance card. Not that that is going to go anywhere, but it gets the attention of the men. The feeling of freedom permeates everything. No one cares about work right now. No one is worried about mortgages, or kids, or sick relatives. Everyone is here for the same thing. To relax and unwind after a long pent up winter. To let the wild child have some fun before real life intercedes again. 

Making my way back to our booth, I see a few friends have started congregating. A sure sign we're about to head out. As I sit down, Candi, Tami, Jenn, and Donna are discussing leaving, and which club to go to next. I need a breather. A waitress comes by and I order a vodka cranberry and a bottle of water. As the waitress leaves, I scan the crowd again. A habit I'm trying to enforce with myself. I'm about half way through my sweep of the room when I hear Tami mutter one of her colorful expletives. "Fuck me hard. That piece is mine! Holy fuck." As a group, we all turn to where Tami is looking. Holy fuck is right. Tall, dark and drop-dead gorgeous just walked in. Taller than most people in the room, I guess him about 6'4". His perfect dark hair styled short and fashionable. His eyes scan the crowd, I can't tell the color from this distance. The thing that stands out is the suit. Form fitted, it looks like a custom job, and pricey. He oozes confidence, power, and money. Tami is already up and making a bee-line for the guy. I chuckle as several other girls have the same idea. Poor guy.

Tami returns shortly in a huff, she didn't make it past the bouncer escorting him through the club. The man slipped into one of the private areas overlooking the dance floor. We spend the next few minutes consoling ourselves with what a bad fuck he must be. Bad breath. Pinky dick. No rhythm. Premature ejaculation. He has to be bad at something, right?

My drinks aren't coming fast enough. I wait a bit, until I see my waitress lavishing attention on some big tippers. Damn. I grab my purse and head to the bar. I squeeze up towards the far end of the bar and wait for the bartender to come over and take my drink order. There are bodies all around, so I'm stuck here until I can shove my way out, hopefully without spilling my drinks. The vodka cranberry comes first. When he returns with my credit card I shout to remind him of the water. He smiles (cute bartender's rock) and grabs a water bottle from a bin and tosses it to me. His aim is off, or I'm drunk, but I miss the catch. I turn to find my water, when I bump chest first into tall, dark, and sexy holding my dripping water bottle. His beautiful brown eyes lock on mine and I swear I came a little bit, right there. Holy fuck. 

"Thanks." I reach up to take the bottle, my fingers touching his. The bartender has rushed over. The man orders a "Scotch. Neat" as I take the water from his hand. His eyes return to mine. Fuck. This is one good looking, confident man. From out of nowhere, some primitive, never before opened part of my brain takes over momentarily. With my drinks in one hand; my pinky wrapped around the bottle top, I place my other hand on his chest and stand on my tippy toes to speak into his ear. "I don't care what the others say. I think you'd be a wicked great fuck." 

I drop back to normal height, my eyes never leaving his. I can see the shocked mischief in them. Without another word, I turn and walk back to my group. I don't look behind me at the man. I'm almost numb when I get to our booth. I can't believe I said that. THAT! OhMyGod. The barrage of questions starts immediately. All six girls are there, getting ready to leave. "Was he hot up close?" "What did you say?" "What did he say?" Did you get his name?" "His number?" "What did he smell like?" "What did you do?" What did he do?" Tami voice rings out louder and stronger than all the others combined. "SHUTTHEFUCKUP! I want to hear what she says."

All six pairs of eyes are on me. I really don't want to admit what I just did. Tami slaps the table top. "Fuckin' tell us already!"

I inhale deeply and let out a long sigh. "I told him I thought he'd be a wicked great fuck. Then I walked away." I drop my head to the table as it erupts again. Shock and awe are rampant. You'd think I just did a miracle or something. I drink my vodka quickly and take the water bottle with me as we head out to the next club. I don't look around for the man, I'm too embarrassed. I go over the entire story, in detail, several times on the way. This next club is mostly women, so we don't stay long. As Candi always says, "Our chances are better when the odds are in our favor." 

I am happily drunk when we get to the fourth club. The incident with the man has been forgotten about as the group focuses on the new possibilities inside. I'm sure they'll remember again in the morning, but for right now, it's in the past. 

This club has a much better mix of clientele. Within the first hour, Donna and Jackie have found their 'soul mates' and have wished us good night. Tami is way drunk, and Jenn is with her outside somewhere walking it off and getting some fresh air. Gem and Candi are somewhere on the dance floor with me. The music pours through our bodies as the mass of people move around the large open space. The lights are low and seductive, throbbing in time with the music. Different men for different songs, each trying to seduce me in those few minutes together. Each one vying for a place in bed with me tonight. It's a heady and powerful feeling. I relish every moment of it.

Hands come up behind me and close around my waist. My current dance partner glares over my shoulder at the interloper. Before anything can happen the hands spin me away into the throng of people. I don't care, let them fight. To the victor go the spoils. I try to turn around, but the hands tighten and pull me against their owner. I feel a lean and muscular body behind me. My hand roams up and grabs a handful of short soft hair, guiding his head into the crook of my neck. An arm wraps around my tummy, holding me close and soft lips dance along my neck. Our bodies sway together in the anonymous mass of people. 

The music dies down, and before the next song can start, dark seductive words run a chill down my spine. "I accept your offer of a 'wicked great fuck'." I stop, but the arm around my belly forces me to keep moving. He won't let me turn around. I can't see the dark, dangerous, sexy man I know is behind me. We're making our way toward a corner, away from the dense crush of moving bodies. His lips are still playing with the exposed skin of my neck. Fuck. That's nice.

I feel it when he bumps into the wall, still holding me securely in his arms. "Let me go."

I feel him laughing into my neck. "And watch you flounce off into some other mans arms. Not a chance." 

I place my hand over the one on my belly, softly caressing the warm soft skin. I find the sweet spot on his wrist and viciously dig my thumbnail into the joint. Instantly he releases me and I turn to face my dark god. His nostrils flare as he glares down at me for my impertinent actions. Tough luck, buddy-boy.

The palm of my hand runs over his shirt and rests on his neck, my thumb curling over his chin. "You think you have the right to dictate who I dance with." My thumb slips into his mouth. My nipples harden as his tongue plays over the offered digit.

He gives my thumb a sharp nip. His other hand grabs a handful of my hair. He tilts my head and returns his lips to my neck, pulling my body against his. "You're wasting your time with the others." His eyes flick over the crowded dance floor behind me. "None of them will make you scream as loudly as I will. None of them will stretch you as full as I can. " The prominent outline of his cock against my stomach is unmistakable. "None of them will have you begging for more."

I take a handful of his hair and pull him away from my neck. "You won't make me beg." 

A beautiful sinister smile crosses his face. "Challenge accepted. And I will make you beg." The confidence in his voice is unsettling. He leans in for a harsh kiss, and no amount of hair pulling will get him to stop.

Shit. How the hell did that happen? The next thing I know, I'm following him out of the club. He made a call as soon as we turned from the wall. Out on the street, a chill has replaced the warm spring night, and my nipples get even harder with the added element of cold. A sleek dark town car pulls up. He gets in and pulls me into his lap, facing him. A sharp order is barked out. "The condo. Now." Before the driver can pull away from the curb, his mouth devours mine. His hands roaming over my back and ass. 

By the time the driver stops in front of the tower, he has my dress lifted up over my ass and his hand has slipped inside my panties. Heavy breathing and the sounds of lips of bare flesh are filling the back seat of the car. I pulled his cock out a while ago and am rubbing it against my panty-clad crotch. The car stops and he has to physically pull me off him. I growl when I'm dropped unceremoniously on the seat beside him. He tucks himself back in.

"Tell Malcolm I'm done for the night." The driver grunts his assent and we tumble out of the car. I take a second to tug my dress back into place before I'm getting pulled into the modern, glass entrance to the tower. A keycard is swiped at the door and in the elevator. 

The doors open on the 22nd floor, not quite the penthouse, but pretty darn close. There's a medium sized, well decorated waiting room when we exit the elevator. Two doors, one on each side. He pulls me to the left and swipes the keycard. I'm pulled inside a darkened condo as I'm still trying to figure out if there are only two condos on this entire floor. 

My thoughts are interrupted as I'm shoved against a wall. A hard, lean mass of muscles pressing against me. His mouth finds mine in the darkness. Arms wrap around me, as his hands fumble trying to get the dress off. One of my hands is on his chest, trying to give myself enough space to breath. The other innocently searches his forearm, near his elbow. I press my thumb into the pressure point. I'll never thank them, but I do appreciate all the things brothers can teach you. 

"Fuckin' son of a bitch. Stop that!" He pulls away and shakes the tingles out of his arm. He hits the light switch on the wall and turns his glare on me. "I was just trying to get that damn dress off."

I give him a little sneer to let him know what I thought of that idea. "No. Your ass is mine tonight. Got it? Now you strip." 

I watch his eyes as he processes what I just said. He turns his body to face mine and fluffs himself up. He gets taller, his wide chest expands, and his shoulders straighten. He's pumping himself up for battle. He's going to get one.

I step forward and slowly wrap my hand around his silk tie. I tug his head down closer to my level. "I've put up with enough shit from men these last few weeks to fill Madison Square Garden. You're going to take that fucking custom tailored suit off. Then..." I give his tie a sharp tug. "I'm going to fuck your brains out. Now strip. All of it."

He just stares at me for a full three seconds, before slowly backing up. I let the silk tie slide through my fingers. He tugs the tie back and forth to loosen it, before pulling it off completely. He turns and walks to a long cabinet. He tosses the tie on top, before pouring himself a drink from a decanter sitting there. I notice he doesn't offer me one. 

He removes his jacket and tosses it on a chair. Turning back to me, he slowly starts unbuttoning his blue dress shirt. His eyes roaming over me, it takes an eternity to open them all. I kick my shoes off, my feet are killing me. Tugging the shirt out from his pants, he tosses it on the chair. 

The white undershirt is tugged free, and I get a glimpse of a toned, tanned belly, my eyes trying to follow the thin line of dark hair disappearing under his pants. The shirt is pulled over his head, and joins the others on the chair. He kicks his shoes off.

Taking another sip from the glass on the cabinet. "I expect a wicked great fuck for having to put up with this attitude." I watch as he removes items from his pockets, tossing them next to the decanter and silk tie. He casually slips the custom tailored slacks off and tosses them on the chair. The socks are next.

He stands there in only a pair of black boxer briefs. Damn, that is one sexy male. He finishes off the drink. Finally, the boxer briefs come off. He turns to face me. He's about ten feet away, and he just stands there. Waiting. Waiting for me. My turn.

I look him over from head to toe. Damn, did I mention that's a sexy ass man. He makes me tingle just looking at him. The eyes are piercing; strength and intelligence dancing behind them. The shoulders are broad and look like they could carry the world. His chest and stomach are lean and firm. His cock is only at half mast, but is more impressive than most of the others I've seen. All of that resting upon a pair of well built, powerful legs. 

I walk up to him, slowly circling around him. My fingers running over his chest, down his side, and across his ass. He stands there silently, watching me like a hawk. I make a show to place only one finger on his chest, and press him back. He complies, walking backward until he bumps into the sofa. He stumbles and falls into the soft leather. 

I giggle as he growls up at me. But I know how to appease my angry beast. Standing over him, I slip out of my dress and toss it away. The growl dies in his throat as his eyes dart around my body, soaking up every inch of pale flesh. "Take my panties off." His gaze locks on mine; I see the mix of indignation and excitement behind the beautiful brown eyes.

I assumed he would just pull them off and toss them, but my dark god has his own ideas. He scoots forward to the edge of the sofa. His hands caressing up my legs and resting on my upper thigh. He looks up at me with a mischievous grin on his face. He starts kissing and nibbling on my bare tummy and at my waist, he dips down and soft lips graze over my panties. Using his teeth, he slowly starts tugging my panties down my legs. He successfully gets them to my knees before large hands slip them the rest of the way down. I step out of them. He brings them to his face and inhales deeply before tossing them away. With a cocky grin on his face he scoots back onto the sofa, waiting for my next demand.

Fuck it. No more games. These last few weeks have been horrible. I want this. I need this. I deserve this. I climb on top him. No pretense. No seduction. It's just an animalistic need for release. I hear him gasp as his cock bumps against my sudden movement. That sound pleases me. His mouth latches onto a tit, while I grab his cock and try to line it up with my needy hole. His fingers slide slowly under the bra straps, easing them over my shoulder. Growling into his ear "Take the damn bra off, already." 
