 INTRODUCTION

It was 1976 and I was working for a major multi-national manufacturing company headquartered in the Midwest. I had joined the company in 1969 after my honorable discharge from the Marine Corps. After serving four years active duty and doing one tour in Nam, I was ready for the business world. I joined the Corps right out of high school and at the age of 22, I was a combat veteran. Most of my high school buddies were college graduates and pursuing their careers.

Using the GI Bill, I attended night school and I was determined to attain my degree as soon as possible. I joined the manufacturing department as a programmer trainee and I quickly advanced in the Information Systems department. After my first year of night school I had a Grade Point Average of 4.0 and I was allowed to take more credit each semester. The next three years I took 12 credits each semester and 12 credits over the summer. I graduated with a BS in Business in the spring of 1974.

Once I could afford it, I moved into a condo complex that had a swimming pool, exercise facility and was predominately inhabited by singles. I dated a couple of women from the condo complex, some from the company and a couple I met at the tennis club. In 1976 I was still in good shape as I worked out a lot and played a lot of tennis. I also took vacations skiing out west and scuba diving in the Caribbean. At 29 years of age I was a fit 6'2" and weighed 190 pounds. I kept my brown hair short and I found the women enamored with my hazel eyes. Some said I had a very intimidating stare which probably came from my experience in the Corps.

My hard work I the company had paid off and I had moved up the career leader to a Senior Project leader. Most people thought that I should have been promoted to manager but politics kept that from happening. The guy who was promoted over me was constantly kissing our bosses ass and they both took credit for other people's accomplishments. Such was life in Corporate America. 

AN UNEXPECTED DISCOVERY

One day when my car was in the shop, a co-worker and good friend of mine Dick Manning gave me a ride to work. Dick and his wife Carol often associated with my new boss Dave Heron and his wife Diane. Carol and Diane were great friends but Dick could not stand Dave. That morning Dick had to swing by the Herron's home to pick up something for Carol.

As we were driving over the Herron's house Dick said to me, "You know Walt you should have got that promotion to manager and not that brown nosing prick Herron."

"Thanks for the vote of confidence Dick but such is life," I replied dismissing the issue.

"No really, you did a great job on that project and then that fucking weasel comes in at the last minute and takes all the credit."

"The people know who did the work Dick and as long as the project was successful that's what is important. Besides if Cliff is going to let Dave get away what that shit, there is not really much any of us can do," I stated.

"Carol tells me that Dave is so preoccupied with his job and moving up the ladder that he neglects his wife. He doesn't fuck her anymore and he doesn't even play with her pussy," Dick revealed.

"Really, that's surprising as Diane is an attractive woman," I mentioned.

"Yeah but don't tell anyone I told you that."

"I won't."

Just then Dick pulled into the Herron's driveway and Diane ran out when she saw the car. She was carrying a package for Carol. I noticed that she was dressed in tight short pink shorts and wore a white halter top. She looked fit and good for a woman who had three children. Diane ran up to the car and she was surprised to see me in the car with Dick. She stared at me briefly, blushed and then handed the package to Dick.

"Here this is for Carol," she stammered.

"Okay, I'll be sure she gets it," Dick told her.

"Good morning, Diane," I called out to her.

"Good morning," she replied in a soft voice barely audible.

"Tell Carol that I'll call her later," Diane said and then she turned and ran back into her house.

I watched her and I admired her shapely tanned legs and her curvy ass in the tight shorts. "Nice ass," Dick said.

"Very," I agreed and added, "Makes you wonder what the fuck is wrong with Dave to not tend to her."

"As I said, he's all about his career and he is willing to do whatever it takes. He uses people and doesn't care who he hurts including his wife," Dick summed up.

Dick then drove us to the office and the work day started. I kept thinking about Diane and in a way I felt sorry for her. She didn't seem like a person to stray from the nest and I assumed she would have to pleasure herself. I also wondered how she would respond to any advances but then again there were not that many opportunities. I thought about it and then dismissed it as I had enough going on at the time anyway. BARB TO THE RESCUE

Two days later I arrived home about 7:00 PM and poured a scotch for myself. I sat on the deck of my condo and for some reason I thought about Diane Herron. I don't know why she came to mind but as I thought of her a pictured her running back in to her house the other morning. She looked great for a woman with three young children. Her legs were firm and shapely with no signs of cellulite. Her ass looked fantastic in her tight short shorts and she still had smaller breasts that fit her figure. I wondered what she would be like in the sack and I got hard thinking about it.

I looked across the parking lot toward my neighbor's condo and wondered what Barb was up to that night. Barb was 36 years old and she was a pleasing looking blonde. One would not say she was pretty but one would have to admit that she was alluring. She stood at 5'6" and probably weighed no more than 125 pounds. She had nice legs and incredible ass with very small breasts. Her ass was her best asset as it stuck out slightly and seemed to beckon to be touched.

Barb and I had gotten together many times since we first met. I would call her or she would call me anytime we were horny. I had met her at the swimming pool one Saturday afternoon and we hit it off. We ended up spending the evening and night in my condo and we had great sex together. The following morning was another marathon round and we stayed at for almost four hours. I decided to give her a call and she what she was up to. 

I went back in the condo and called her. "Hi, what are you up to?" I asked.

"Unbelievable, I was just about to call you and invite you over," she replied.

"Really, do you need your horns scraped tonight?" I teased.

"You better believe it. What about you? Did you get hard thinking of me?" she countered with a laugh.

"You know I did. I'll be right over," I told her.

"Bring some scotch, I'm all out," she requested.

"Will do, see you in five," I said and then hung up the phone.

Within five minutes I was inside Barb's condo taking off my clothes. She was already naked when I arrived so I stripped down. We each poured a drink and then toasted each other.

Barb put her drink down on the table, smiled at me and reached for my cock. "You have a nice cock, I love sucking it," she told me just before she slid down and took it in her mouth.

I leaned back in the chair as her very skilled mouth got me hard within minutes. I put my drink down and put my hands in her blonde hair as her head bobbed up and down. Satisfied that I was sufficiently hard, Barb mounted me and lowered her dripping wet pussy onto my cock. She looked me right in the eye as she started to ride me and I knew that she was in desperate need of an orgasm. I reached up and played with her small tits and tweaked her hard nipples as she rode me. Barb's was breathing hard and rapid as she approached her release. I looked into her eyes and I could see the lust in them. Then it happened.

"Oh God, oh God, oh, oh, hold me," she screamed as an orgasm of massive proportion rocked her body.

She rode me through her orgasm and I felt my cock swimming in her pussy. Barb then collapsed on my chest for several minutes until she composed herself. She then lifted her self off my cock and I heard a distinct sucking sound as my cock was released from her pussy. Barb reached for my cock, wrapped one hand around its girth and looked up at me with those daring blue eyes. She then tilted her head back down and brought her mouth towards my cock. She ran her tongue up its smooth underbelly and I groaned aloud. 

Holding it with her hand she sank her open mouth down onto my cock. Her lips closed around it and I felt her hot, wet tongue go to work. She sucked me hard and her cheeks hollowed as she worked her head back and forth. I gasped and put my fingers into her blonde hair to guide her head back and forth. Barb knew what she was doing as her pace slowly quickened and her right hand worked my shaft. Her left hand cradled my balls and softly stroked them. She then ran her finger along my perineum. Barb took my cock from her mouth and blew on the head of it. I felt her breath cool the saliva on my cock and I clenched my butt in pleasure. My large cock bulged in her firm grip and felt even larger than normal. Barb worked her hand back and forth letting it glide smoothly around my cock then she looked up at me and smiled. She knew the effect she was having on me and she seemed to enjoy every moment of my torment. 

I moaned again as her tongue snaked forward and tickled the tip of my cock. Her tongue found the pee hole and she licked the pre-cum as it oozed out of my slit. She worked her tongue in circles around the tip of my cock and took my length deeply into her mouth again. I watched as almost the full length of my cock vanished into her mouth. Barb then swirled her tongue around the shaft of my cock that was buried in her mouth. I closed my eyes and groaned in pleasure as her head worked back and forth more quickly clasping my shaft with both hands as her head vigorously bobbed up and down. 

Her pace was relentless and I held her head gently as I felt my release building in my testicles. This was definitely the best blow job I'd ever had in awhile; in fact the last one was from Barb too. Barb allowed my cock to plop out of her mouth again and a thin trail of saliva stretched from my cock to her lips. She smiled again and caught the saliva in her hand as her eyes fixed on my cock. Her hand wrapped tightly around it again and she proceeded to jerk me off me at a steady pace occasionally licking the head of my cock and nibbling it with her teeth. I threw my head back. Closed my eyes and groaned out loud. Barb jerked me off as fast as she could as her hand almost became a blur as it moved up and down my shaft. There was a distinct look of lust in her eyes as she stared at my cock

"Are you going to cum for me? Are you close?" she asked in a raspy voice.

I just nodded yes since I was very close. Barb then took me back in her mouth and ran her tongue around my shaft again. Then her head bobbed up and down again as she pursed her lips and hallowed her cheeks. That did it for me.

"Barb here it cums," I warned and then I grunted as I came in her mouth.

Barb took my warning as a signal and she started sucking harder and squeezing my cock with her hand. My eyes closed tight as I ejaculated in her mouth. I felt my cock pulsate as rope after rope of semen shot into her mouth. As the intense sensations passed from my body I relaxed a little and looked down to watch Barb suck every drop from my cock. She was now kissing it, licking up and down the shaft as if she were making love to it. My cock softened in her mouth and she took it in her hand as she licked the final remnants of my ejaculation from the slit. Once she was satisfied that she had emptied my cock she ran her tongue around her kips and swallowed one final time.

Barb let out a big sigh and said, "Let's take the drinks to my bedroom." 

We sat in her bed and rested for several minutes, sipped our drinks and chatted easily. Then we began playing with each other again and when I found Barb's G-spot she came again. She held my hand tight to her pussy as she humped it vigorously. Then she stiffened and screamed as another orgasm rocked her.

"No one has ever found that spot as quickly as you do," she gasped and then requested, "Fuck me doggy style this time."

She rolled over on all fours, put her head down on the bed and raised her curvy ass in the air. I wanted to just drive my cock in her ass but I knew it would be better for her to warm up to it. I knelt behind Barb and slipped my cock into her pussy from behind. I fucked her slowly and then I began to play with her ass. I caressed the shapely globes and teased her anus with my finger. I scooped up some of her pussy juice and rubbed it into her anus. Barb wiggled her ass in response so I took it to the next step. I pulled my cock out of her pussy and ran it up and down the crack of her ass. Then I paused at her nether hole and prodded it gently with my rigid cock. 

"Oh, get the lube, I have to be greased up for your big cock," Barb said urgently.

I knew then she was going to let me have her ass again. I hopped out of bed and dashed to the bathroom and quickly located some body lotion. Then I got back in bed behind Barb and thoroughly coated her anus with the lotion. I put gobs of lotion on my cock and then added my saliva to it. My cock was as slick as oil and I eased it into her ass. My cock slid in like a hot knife through butter and I buried it to the hilt in her ass. 

Barb emitted a gasp as my cock slid all the way in on the first thrust. I plowed her asshole and fucked her rapidly in search of my much needed orgasm. She eventually began to move her hips in an attempt to match my thrusts and it was obvious as always that she was turned on by the anal sex. Barb was gasping and grunting as I began to really pummel her ass. I picked up the pace even more and held to Barb's shapely buttocks as our hips slapped noisily together. She was really into it now and the two of us fucked like maniacs.

"Oh yeah that's it, that's the way to fuck my ass. Give it to me, cum in me, cum in my ass," she screamed.

We were both sweating from the physical intensity of our butt fucking. I slammed into her as my cock now moved freely in her ass. I felt my orgasm approaching and as much as I wanted to prolong the ass fucking session, I couldn't. My body stiffened and I plunged my cock all the way into her gorgeous ass. Streams of semen shot into her rectum as I seemed to cum continuously for several minutes.

"Oh good, I feel it. Fill me up, fill up my ass," she cried out and then her own orgasm hit her, "Oh shit, here it is, I'm cumming!"

Her body thrashed around as I held onto her curvy ass cheeks and kept my cock buried in her ass. Her fingers flew over her pussy and clit as my warm seed flooded her anal passage. She then collapsed face down on the bed and my cock slipped from her ass with an audible pop. I knelt over her as my cock dripped the remaining cum on her curvy ass. She wiggled her bottom and squealed in delight. I moved back from Barb and I admired her shapely ass. She looked so sexy that I rubbed her buttocks lovingly and she clenched her ass muscles. She then rolled over on her back and spread her legs for me.

"You made me so hot come here and eat my pussy," she pleaded.

I moved my head between her legs to eat her pussy but first I kissed and licked around the area and her inner thighs. I breathed warm air right on her snatch and she grabbed my head and pulled it to her cunt. I pulled my head back off her pussy and let my fingers trail to her pussy. I lightly rubbed her outer cunt lips and she twitched with each touch. She moaned as her clit responded to the stimulation and slowly exited its hood looking for attention. 

I placed my fingers on her cunt lips and trapped her clit between them and it became engorged and stood erect. She squirmed in pleasure while I moved her cunt lips up and down on her clit and she shuddered from the extreme arousal. Still moving her cunt lips up and down, I bent down and kissed her clit. She jerked and bucked as my lips touched her upright nub. I drew my head back a bit and again blew air directly onto her clit as she writhed and bucked again, moaning with pleasure. 

I placed my arms behind her knees and raised her hips up. I put her legs over my shoulders and I lowered my mouth to her pussy and kissed it as though it were her mouth. She groaned with delight as she waited for my next advance. I drew my tongue along her outer labia, up one side and down the other without touching her clit. 

"Suck it please, please lick it, oh please!" she moaned lustfully. 

I flicked my tongue across the edges of her pussy as she quivered and seeped her juices from between the lips. I licked the juices from the edges telling her she tasted delicious. She was nearly mad with desire as she begged me to pleasure her with my tongue. I parted her labia with my tongue and licked the insides of her cunt lips, nibbling each one a little and then sucking on them both. She whimpered and moaned when I suddenly plunged my tongue as deep as I could into her pussy. She screamed with delight as my tongue explored the insides of her pussy. Instinctively, she grasped my head and pulled it into her cunt, begging me to lick and suck her. I did not disappoint her as I swirled my tongue around her engorged clit and back into her sopping wet cunt. She was constantly moaning as my lips closed about her clit and sucked her clit in and out of my mouth. Writhing and gyrating she exploded in another powerful orgasm, drenching my face and mouth with her copious juices. She seemed to cum with each spasm of her body. I did not let up sucking her clit and she tried to push my face away as she cried out.

"Oh stop, please stop. I can't cum anymore let me rest," she begged.

Her body shuddered through yet again another orgasm and she lay there gasping and breathing heavy as her orgasm abated. Finally her orgasm subsided and she embraced me and kissed me. I knew that she could taste her own juices on my lips and I plunged my tongue into her mouth taking her breath away. By now my cock was rock hard again and I moved between her legs. I eased my cock into her sopping wet pussy and she wrapped her legs around my torso.

"My, we are horny this evening aren't we?" she asked playfully.

"I'm always horny for you," I replied and I began to fuck her gently.

Slowly, I moved into her. Barb opened beneath me, enveloping my penis tightly. Her cunt was like a fist as she clenched her vaginal muscles. She squeezed me as I moved within her. 

She moaned in response, "Your cock feels so good. Fill me up with it." 

I thrust into her deeply and I felt the head of my cock pressing against her cervix.

"Oh Walt," she sighed with her eyes closed. 

I felt her vagina contract around my cock. She climaxed again with a shudder and a long moan and she urged me on, "Fuck me, I want it so much."

I grabbed her hips in my hands and began to thrust in and out as I pounded her pussy. My heavy bloated testicles slapped against her ass as my cock drove into her hot pussy. 

"Yes, oh yes," she gasped as her body rose to meet me. 

The bed was now rocking with the force of our fierce, animalistic fucking. Her legs clamped around my waist as she screamed her release. Her pussy grasped my cock, squeezing it and milking it as I fucked her. I moved my hips against hers and buried my cock to the hilt within her. Her quaking pussy erupted into orgasm again as I rocked my cock slowly, grinding the head against her cervix. I felt my orgasm building in my balls and I knew that any second I would be spewing my seed into her womb. I felt my semen travel from my scrotum through my cock as I came deep inside her flooding her waiting warmth with my load.

Neither one of us could speak as the pleasure was so intense. I collapsed on her and she wrapped her arms and legs even tighter around my body. I kissed her neck and she sighed aloud then I kissed her on the lips and our tongues dueled with each others briefly. Not wanting to crush her I rolled off her as my cock deflated and slipped from her cum filled cunt. 
