 Note: this has not been proof read, proof reading welcome.

Everyone in this story is over 27 years old.

*****

We had just got back from lunch in a round corner booth, at a sushi place I like. Sitting with one of them on either side of me is always my downfall, I can barely think with them so close.

Each with a hand on my thigh, casually squeezing softly on occasion, or to make a point when I am trying to listen to them.

Davin's fingers playing with the edge where my thigh high meets my skin and garterbelt. While Beaux softly as if by accident brushes his fingers across my clit covered in damp panties. 

I swear they are murder on my underwear. 

Getting home and taking off my jacket and purse in the hallway..

Beaux is behind me, walks up to me and cuddles me from behind and then places a hand on my neck.

Davin in front of me cupping my cheek and kissing me deeply before shoving my top off my shoulders and impatiently cut the front open with a pocket knife Beaux slides him. Breasts bare, nipples hard.

Davin feasts on my mouth and breasts while Beaux's hands slide up my skirt caressing my ass and gliding over but never touching my wet pussy.. Then Beaux nips at my ear and whispers "I hope you don't find these panties irreplaceable, because they are mine now." 

I feel the cold metal against my ass and my pussy clenches a little more as the blade slides through the crotch, then through the waist band. Only to be pulled away and stuffed in his pocket so very damp. 

I cannot help but moan and undulate against them both. Beaux's hands squeezing and massaging my ass, still not stopping at my pussy until I feel a finger sliding across my clit, in my pussy and back, spreading my wetness around. While Davin kisses me deeply, nipping at my bottom lip and pinching my nipples, another hand and fingers pushes deep inside my pussy pumping it and pulling the wetness to my asshole pressing softly against it as I moan in Davin's mouth and Beaux sinks his teeth in my shoulder as I press my ass back hard against his hand..

I feel myself being tugged into the living room, hands busy touching and kissing all the way. Davin falls into the chair, pulling me down with him. Breaking the kiss he reaches down and pulls his dick out stroking it slowly with one hand while I watch avidly biting my bottom lip.. He shoves on my shoulder and I take the hint, falling to my knees gracefully I lick my lips and look over my shoulder at Beaux, who is watching me with heated eyes while he strips. His eyes straying to my ass and wet pussy, skirt still shoved to my waist bare except my garter, stockings and shoes.. He eyes my shoes contemplating and I smirk.. Turning back to Davin I lick the head of his cock, drawing it slowly in my mouth, running my tongue along the under edge of the head.

I feel Beaux behind me, and he kisses and then bites softly until I moan, then I feel my shoes and stockings being taken off. I feel Beaux pressed against me, his lips on my back and I press my ass back against him while taking Davin deeper in my mouth, Davin's hand wrapped in my hair tugging. Beaux's lips trail down my back to my ass, swirling my tongue around Davin's cock as Beaux nudges my thighs further apart and my ass higher up. His tongue twirling over the extra sensitive skin of my asshole making me moan on Davin's cock, making Davin moan harder. He thrusts two fingers in my pussy, flicking them inside me as he sticks his tongue in my ass and Davin pulls his dick out of my mouth to thrust between my breasts, pinching my nipples as he squeezes my tits around his cock leaving me to moan as Beaux's fingers thrust in and out of me and his mouth devours me. 

He pulls his fingers out of me and grabs my ankles, wrapping my feet around his hard cock. As Davin alternates thrusting into my mouth and then between my tits. Beaux fucks my feet while eating my pussy, his two fingers thrusting deep into my ass now. A chorus of groaning, moaning and a wet smacking sound. 

Davin is deep in my throat when Beaux begins spanking me, using my own wet pussy to make each slap sting. Moaning deep in my throat on Davin's dick when Beaux pushes his cock into my pussy with bruising force and slaps my ass again. Working his thumb in my asshole as he thrusts into me furiously, rapidly, making me deep throat Davin. Until Beaux pulls out sudden and cums on my feet and Davin is cumming on my tits, me moaning as their cocks pulsing against my body.

Catching my breath, collapsed with my ass resting on my cum covered feet, my head on Davin's thigh and cum running down my tits, Beaux's head on my back and his breath filtering down my sensitive skin.

Davin slides to the floor, while pulling me up and Beaux takes off my skirt and garter. Leaving me finally naked, my hair like rubies, sticking up messy like an anime character.. Davin pulls me on top of him, Beaux cuddles me from behind and turns my head around to kiss him, one hand cupping my face and the other my throat as Davin licks cum from my breasts, bites and sucks at my tender nipples, tugging on my nipple ring. All the while thrusting his new hardon against my clit as I feel Beaux getting hard and pressing against my ass, while I can't move trapped between them and more turned on by the fluttering trapped feeling in my chest. 

Unable to break the kiss, unable to move for the teeth in my nipples, undulating my ass and pussy against them both, asking in the only way they have left me with. Beaux breaks the kiss and softly sinks his teeth in my neck, as Davin sinks his teeth into the tender underside of my breast and I give a gasping moan. And they lift me and drop me on Davin's dick, the burning intrusion only making me wetter and me give a short bursted scream. Davin rocks his dick inside me and pulls me down to feast on my breasts as his fingers rub my clit, but his other hand is like a vice on my hip not letting me move.. Beaux's hand rests on my lower back massaging, and I feel cold wetness dripping down the crack of my ass making me moan. I look over my shoulder and bite my lips as Davin sucks on my right nipple and I watch Beaux stroke his own cock spreading lube all over it while he stares into my eyes watching him. 

His hand on my back trails to the lube running down me pressing his finger into my ass, a currently tight invasion leaving me gasping and moaning with my pussy stuffed full of cock, but still watching his stroke his dick. He stops and pours more lube on his fingers, stuffing my ass, stretching my ass, making me wiggle on Davin's cock. As Beaux pushes me flatter on top of him, thrusting Davin's cock as far in me as he can go, hitting the very end, Davin sinks his teeth into the other underside of my breast. Beaux rests his slick, hard, hot cock against my ass and nibbles on my ear lobe as he slowly pushes his way inside me, rubbing his way against every part of my body, his one hand resting on my throat and his other hand hold him up.. 

Davin's mouth is busy kissing me, swallowing my moans, and shoving my breasts together to suck on both my nipples at once, making my body relax enough for Beaux to slide deep inside with a moan. Pulling out to the tip and shoving back inside me making me catch my breath. Moaning with the fullness and friction in my body, Davin holds me up by my waist thrusting inside of me as Beaux pulls out, repeating this pattern over and over again until I black out during an orgasm (my 50millionth one by now). I come to pressed between them both, slowly rocking in and out of me, increasing their speed when they see I have come to conscious again and teasing me about it. Eventually working up to the speed of what feels like lightening, and as I am bursting into another orgasm I feel them both cumming inside me, making me cum harder. 

Beaux and I fall to the floor beside Davin gasping, I use Davin as a pillow, Beaux cuddles behind me his head on my shoulder. Davin pulls a large throw blanket off the chair and spreads it out over the three of us and we fall asleep.