 She was staring at me from across the room. Racking my brain, I was trying to remember if I even knew her. I didn’t think so. She was someone I’d definitely have remembered. Tall, she had to have been at least 5’8”, slim body except for her breasts which were probably a D cup, maybe even DD. I felt myself getting nervous, and for some reason, excited, as her chocolate brown eyes watched me. Periodically, our eyes would meet and she’d smile, her deep red lips forming a seductive curve. I didn’t think I knew her but maybe we’d met briefly at another party. It’s so hard to remember everyone you meet at these political fundraisers. This was the sixth one I’d been to in two weeks. I was exhausted.

As my husband began his speech, I sat on the front dais and watched the crowd. The numb smile on my face showed I was content, even happy, to be there. Inside, I was bored, anxious for a change of pace. When I’d married, I hadn’t planned on being a political wife. When my husband decided to run for city council, it had started easily enough. I went to a few meetings, had a few dinners, simple. Then, he caught the eye of the party and now we were attending state dinners, campaigning across the state and looking at a move to Washington. Nope, not what I had planned.

As my husband talked about the need for more money for defense I thought the least he could have done was pick to be a Democrat. A Republican? How did that happen? I wasn’t even registered as a Democrat. As the thought ticked across my mind yet again that I probably wouldn’t even vote for my husband, my eyes moved across the room and found her again. She was watching me. She smiled at me like she knew what I was thinking. I felt myself getting warm, even flushed. I tried to keep looking over her to the next table but my eyes wouldn’t move. She was incredible. I don’t remember ever feeling that way about a woman. But I’d never seen one like her. As she watched me, she reached up and slowly pushed her long blonde hair back over her right ear. The way she did it, her fingers moving across her cheek, made me nearly breathless. I felt a shot of wetness between my legs.

The speech was coming to an end. I looked at my husband, smiled and stood when the speech ended and the room erupted in applause. Like sheep led to the slaughter, the room was following him. Now, we would break into polite conversation again, milling around, hoping for more donations. He whispered in my ear that now was the time to garner more of the women's vote. That was evidently my job. I moved into the crowd feeling more dishonest by the minute. I wanted to yell, “Don’t vote for my husband! He’s an idiot! Vote for the other guy!” But instead, I smoothed my hands down my white linen suit and moved into the crowd.

After four changes in small groups, I realized that instinctively, I was moving towards her. And by the look she was giving me, she knew it. As I moved closer, I felt my breathing get more rapid. I don’t know why I was having this reaction to her. My body tingled, the core between my legs gushed. I’d never felt this aroused and I didn’t really know why I did now. As I approached her, she turned towards me, ending the conversation with the man standing next to her. He left and wandered off to another group. I was alone with her. Suddenly, I was nervous. I stammered a hello and held out my hand to shake hers. When she took my hand in hers, she held on, stroking my palm. I felt electric shocks run through my body.

She smiled. Leaning forward slightly, she licked her lips and said very low, “I’ve been watching you. Are you as sweet under that conservative suit as you look?”

I didn’t know what to say. I just stared at her.

“Does the little politician’s wife wear sexy lingerie under her linen suit or white cotton? Probably something sheer and naughty. Do you like naughty?”

My body was on fire. My pussy was wet and gushing. My heart was pounding. I’d never had anybody talk to me this way and I was mortified that I was aroused and turned on by it.

“I like naughty and I bet you do too. I’d love to stand behind your conservative little ass, push your white linen skirt up, rip your sexy little panties off and lick your wet pussy. You are wet aren’t you? I can see it in your eyes.”

She was right. I was soaking wet. Just listening to her, I could see it, almost feel it. I wanted to explode right there. My husband used to talk dirty to me, before he had found politics. Now it was simple, old fashioned sex. I didn’t want simple and old fashioned. I wanted excitement, thrills and I wanted her. That thought thumped through me, pounding in my head with every heartbeat in my chest.

“You like that don’t you? You like that I want you, that I want to taste you. I want to do more than taste you. I want to plunge my fingers inside your wet pussy and thrust over and over again, fucking you. Do you want that? Do you want me to make your cum in your nice white linen suit?”

I couldn’t speak. All I could do was take a deep breath and lick my lips. My palms were sweating, my breathing getting faster and faster. Slowly, she released my hand and snaked her arm through mine. It was very innocent. Like two old friends meeting again for the first time in ages. I looked around me and saw my husband talking to two elderly men. He saw me, saw the woman, and smiled. He went back to his conversation as she led me slowly through the doorway and into the hall. We were at a hotel, in a large banquet room. She led me down the hall, not saying a word, just stroking my arm through hers. Opening a door at the end of the hall, she led me through it. We were in another room, a small conference room. She locked the door and let me go.

I wandered inside, taking two steps and then stopped. I was hot. I was excited. My whole body cried out for her but I didn’t know what to do. Coming up next to me, she stroked my cheek with her finger.

“Don’t worry. I’ll be as gentle as you want me to be. Or as rough.”

She took my hand and led me towards the window ledge. We were only four stories up. Standing behind me, she wrapped her arms around my waist. I could feel her breasts pressed against me. She whispered in my ear again.

“Shall I do what I said? Should I lift your skirt up and see what kind of naughty lace you have underneath that suit? Are you wet enough for me? Or do I need to tell you how much I want to lick your pussy? How much I want to roll your hard clit with my tongue? Or do you want me to stop?”

For the first time in what seemed like ages, I was able to utter a sound. “Don’t stop.” It was shaky but it was all I needed to say. All I could say. She laughed low and deep, pleased with my response.

Sliding her hands down my suit, she caressed me through it. Her hands moved back behind me. I felt cool air against me as she lifted my skirt. I closed my eyes, focusing on how I knew this looked. She was right, you know. I did have on sexy lingerie. She nearly purred when she saw the light blue lace thong running between my ass cheeks. The matching garter belt was holding up my sheer white stockings. I gasped as her fingers stroked over my bare thigh just above the stockings. 

“So soft. I knew you’d be soft and I knew you’d be naughty. I think light blue just became my favorite color. Now let’s see if it’s my favorite flavor too.”

When she pushed my legs apart with a forcefulness I was expecting, I toppled forward, bracing my hands on either side of the window. I was leaning forward as she pulled my legs further apart, opening them wide. I felt the heat of her breath on my skin as she moved closer. The tip of her nose touched me first and then I felt her tongue licked just once over my blue lace-covered pussy. I moaned and closed my eyes.

“Mmm, I knew you’d be sweet and spicy. And so wet. You’re soaking, your panties are dark where you’ve wet them. I’ll just have to remove them.”

Her fingers reached up and in one swift motion, with a strength I didn’t know she possessed, she ripped my panties from me. I groaned and thrilled with the touch of cool air against my hot mound. 

“Such a pretty pussy. Such soft fur all over the top and bare on the lips, letting me see how beautiful they are. So pink and wet. I’m going to like licking your cunt. Does your husband eat you? Does the good politician ever lick your pussy until you cum? Does he? Answer me.”

I whimpered as I answered her, “No.”

“Mmm, what a shame. I’ll have to lick you slow and let you enjoy it.”

Her tongue touched my pussy and I groaned. It had been years since I’d had my pussy licked and never by a woman. I hadn’t realized how much I’d needed it. Her tongue snaked slowly up and down my pussy, rolling over my lips, sucking them into her mouth. I pushed myself down onto her tongue as she pushed the tip of her tongue inside me. Her hands moved up my legs and held me open, her fingers spreading my cunt. Her tongue moved faster and faster, flicking hard against my clit. I felt my orgasm building. I felt my pussy tighten and I cried out. Her tongue moved faster making me cum again and again. My body was shaking, my legs getting weak. She covered my pussy with her mouth and sucked me in, drinking every last drop.

Her tongue licked me slowly, savoring me. She stood behind me, my skirt bunched up around my waist. Her arms moved around me and she unbuttoned first one than another button my suit jacket. I was wearing a matching blue lace bra underneath. She undid the rest of the buttons and her hands moved up to cup my breasts. 

“Did that feel good? Did you like how I licked your pussy? I think you did. Do you know your pussy gets more pink when you’re just about to cum? Now let me see your nipples. I bet they’re hard and taste just as good as your pussy lips.”

She was driving me wild with her talking. Each word was pushing me closer and closer to the edge again. Her hands pushed up under my bra and her bare hand found my round globe. She squeezed my nipple and I moaned. 

“Look out the window. Do you think anyone can see us? They won’t see me. All they’ll see is you up here, arching your body forward. Your suit open, your breasts exposed. They’ll watch you cum.”

As her hand stroked my nipple, pulling on it, pinching it, her other hand moved down between my legs. She was pushing me back against her. I moaned as her fingers dove savaging up inside my pussy. Three fingers, then four. She was stretching me, fucking me with her hand. I was moaning, arching against her, begging her for more.

“What do you want? Do you like this? Tell me what you want. Tell me.”

I found a voice I’d been hiding all day. Suddenly, without thought, I was practically screaming out through my moaning, “Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! I want to cum on your fingers! I want to drench your fingers with my juices! Fuck me harder! Please!”

She moved her hand faster and faster, harder and harder. Driving her fingers deeper and deeper inside me. I moaned and grunted, my body shaking with it’s orgasm. She licked my neck as her fingers stroked me. I came again, even harder. I was panting, breathing quickly, overwhelmed. She slowly withdrew her fingers and stepped away from me. I turned to look over my shoulder and watched as she drew her fingers to her mouth and sucked each one clean.

I knew I must look a mess. I didn’t care. Slowly, turning towards her, I reached back and unzipped my skirt, letting it fall to the floor. My suit jacket was open, my breasts hanging over my bra. Her eyes scanned over me, hot and excited. I moved towards her. Her hand moved up behind my neck and she pulled my mouth to hers. We kissed hard, our tongues fighting each other. I tasted myself on her lips and sucked her tongue with my mouth. She moaned.

Breaking away from me, she leaned back against the wall, pushing her skirt up to reveal her naked pussy, shaved clean. She was dripping wet. I’d excited her. I felt my body thrill with that knowledge. I’d never been this close to a pussy before, never wanted to lick one the way I wanted to now. She spread her legs and moved her hands down to open her lips wide. I walked towards her, kneeling in front of her. Without another thought, I flicked my tongue out and licked her sweet lips. She moaned. I loved her flavor, the way she felt, the texture of her lips. Moving my tongue faster and faster, I made love to her pussy. She encouraged me, telling me to lick faster or slower. When she told me to bite gently on her clit, I did without another thought. She moaned and her pussy gushed, filling my mouth. I kept sucking, licking, ramming a finger deep inside her. She was moaning, grunting, pushing her pussy down on my mouth and fingers. I wanted her to orgasm again. Opening her wide, I ran my tongue up and down inside her. She moaned again and filled my mouth with her juices. 

Reaching down, she lifted me to stand against her. She kissed my forehead and then my lips. 

“I knew you were a wild cat underneath there. I couldn’t wait to set up free. You’re so exciting, I want you again.”

I smiled, “I want you too. I want to lay you out naked and lick every part of your body. I want to suck your nipples and finger your pussy. I want you to cum.”

She laughed. We dressed slowly, helping each other to regain our formality. Walking arm in arm back out to the banquet hall, I felt a guilty thrill. I’d never been so content before, so satisfied. As we enter the room, we mingle again, separating. After about ten minutes, my husband came up behind me. With his hand on my shoulder, he kissed my cheek, “I’m very proud of you. Athena just donated $5,000 to my campaign.”

I looked up at him, confused. “Athena?”

He nodded towards her and she smiled at me as she approached. Now I knew where I’d seen her before. She was married to one of my husband’s key contributor and was known for her involvement with the arts. As she kissed my cheek, she whispered in my ear, “Meet me tonight and I’ll pump your pussy with a thick, black dildo.”

Suddenly, these political fundraisers weren’t quite so boring. Athena has introduced me to the other political wives who were less than excited about their husbands entering politics. Between the group of us, we’re perfectly content fucking and licking our way to Washington. I hope my husband decides to run for President.