 My head felt as leaden as the gray sky as I slowed down for the 25 mph speed limit sign entering the small Maryland town. Since I had taken my new job, I had been working too many hours and getting sent all over to concrete plants that were having problems.

I still hadn't caught up with my neglected yardwork from being in Pennsylvania for three days when my boss called and asked me to go check out a plant in Maryland that the company had just acquired.

I parked at the nondescript motel where I had reserved a room, checked in, threw my bag in the room and pulled my Mapquest printout back out to go find the plant. Passing thorugh the center of town, I noticed a small cafe and next to it a bar/pool hall that seemed to be the focal point of downtown.

After I met the people at the plant and determined that I couldn't get everything that was wrong there straightened out before retirement, I called my boss and reported the dismal situation. 

His response was "well, I guess you'll have to spend the rest of the week there, then!" 

I really wanted a beer and something to eat at that point, so I headed back into town and parked in the lot between the cafe and the pool hall.

The bar was quiet and cool, with an old-fashioned wooden bar out front and a pool room in the back. The few people in the bar took no notice as I walked up to the bar and ordered a draft from the efficient but taciturn bartender.

Taking the frosty mug off the bar, I decided to check out the pool room. There were only two people back there, playing a game of eight-ball, a grizzled looking, sunburned guy in jeans and a t-shirt and his opponent, a tall, statuesque red-headed woman. 


I watched in appreciation as she bent over the table to line up her next shot. She was wearing a pink tank top and a short denim skirt which showed off her fair. freckled arms, legs and impressive cleavage. After she sank her shot, I put a quarter on the rail of the pool table to claim the next game and then sat on a stool out of the way.

She glanced up and smiled briefly as she lined up her next shot and I was further impressed by her sinking her next three shots and then the 8-ball to win the game. I was enjoying watching her play and watching her as she moved around the table, bending and stretching to line up and take shots, and jealous of the felt on the pool table and the table rail as she brushed her breasts across them to take her shots.

"Well, hope you have better luck," the grizzled guy said to me and then turned to the woman with a smile. "I've had enough, Carrie, I'm surrendering.....good game."

She thanked him and then turned back to the table and slid my quarter into the slot to release the pool balls.

"Challenger racks," she said with a grin, so I arranged the pool balls at one end of the table.

"You're not going to run the table on me, are you?" I asked her.

"I might," she said, "you never know." She slammed the cue ball into the rack of balls, sending one of the solids into a corner pocket.

I had been more interested in watching her bend over the table and lift one sandaled foot to give herself leverage and give me a view of her curvy leg. She sank another ball on her next turn before she missed, giving me my first chance to play.

It didn't make any difference, since distracted as I was by her freckled cleavage across the table, I didn't sink a single ball.

"You might do better if you weren't trying to look down my top," she said with a smile.

"Yeah, probably, but it's more enjoyable than pool," I said with a smile of my own.

Her next shot required her to really stretch across the table and I was treated to another view of her long leg stretched out behind her, but then as she leaned forward and her top pulled up, I saw a glowing blue moon entwined in flowers and vines tattooed on her lower back.

"I like your tattoo," I said, "I like the contrast with your fair skin."

"Thanks," she said, "it took me a lot of time to figure out what I wanted. You can take a closer look if you want."

I wasted no time coming up behind her and running my hand across her lower back to push her top up to reveal the top of the tattoo. As I touched her, I felt a quiver go across her flesh and a rush of heat go up my own arm.

"You can keep rubbing, too," she said. "My lower back hurts right there from standing up playing pool."

I happily obliged her, admiring the tattoo and her skin as I slowly massaged her lower back.

"Mmmm, that feels so good," she said, "I didn't expect to find a massage therapist in this town." 

I replied, "Well, I didn't expect to find a pool shark, so we're even." I leaned a little closer and kissed her neck as I started to rub higher up her back.

She responded by backing up firmly against me, still bent forward so I could rub her back. I moved my hands under her shirt to feel more of her soft, warm flesh as she rubbed her round ass back against my crotch and my growing erection.

"Are you poking me with your pool cue?" she asked with a giggle.

"No", I said, "that's all your fault, I had nothing to do with it." I glanced toward the door leading into the bar, and not seeing anyone in sight, ran my hands around the front of her body and over her swollen breasts.

She let out a gasp as I stroked her breasts and then took one of my hands in hers. I thought she was going to put a stop to my exploration, but instead she took my hand and guided it under her skirt, where I found just soft warm flesh, unimpeded by underwear. I slid my hand over the mound of her ass and between her legs, and she whimpered and braced herself against the pool table as she spread her legs to give me access to her sopping wet pussy.

I didn't care, and apparently neither did she, that we were still in a semi-public place as I pulled her skirt up out of the way and dropped my pants. I grabbed her hips as she grabbed the pool table and I entered her hot, wet pussy from behind, causing us both to groan in ecstasy as I sunk into her.

I began to pump in and out of her as we moved together, leaning on the pool table. My gaze went from the tattoo on her shoulder and down her freckled back with her pink tank top pushed up it to the blue moon on her lower back. As her moans and gasps began to alternate more quickly, I felt her pussy closing on my cock like a warm fist, and suddenly she began to moan loudly and buck her hips back against me and then she collapsed on the pool table.

I started to pull out of her and she turned to look at me. 

"What are you doing?" she asked.

I said, "I was going to shoot the moon."

She giggled and said "later, not here, it'll make too much of a mess!" 

I was happy to go along as she moved her hips back up against me and in just one more stroke, I emptied a gusher of cum into her waiting pussy.

"You still made a mess," she said as she turned and kissed me, pulling her skirt and her top back into place, "it's just a little better contained."

"I'm sorry", I said, "you just have that effect on me."

She said, "Oh, I'm not upset, but let's go see if you're still up for shooting the moon," as we walked out of the bar hand-in hand.