 Another day and another dinner alone in the hotel bar. Dave thought about getting in his rental car and driving around to find a restaurant. Then he'd have to worry about driving back after a few drinks, so he decided another dinner here at the hotel was easier. Here he could have a few beers, watch a ballgame and head up to his room and go to bed. He realized that this was pretty much his life since his separation from his wife Joan. He had offered to help out at a new office opening out of town, figuring it was a great opportunity to put some distance between him and his old life while he got used to being single again. What he didn't know at that moment was how different tonight was going to be, and how it could change his life. He wandered into the hotel bar and pulled up a stool near the TV without looking around or realizing what was in store for him.

When the bartender came over he ordered a beer and picked up a menu. The bartender brought his beer and he ordered a fish sandwich and salad thinking about how bad his diet had been since he started living like this. He vowed again to get up early and take advantage of the hotel's fitness center, but knew he wouldn't. He settled back and looked up at the TV to see who was playing. He saw it was the Red Sox and Yankees, and remembered a conversation he'd had at the office about how this was the most overplayed rivalry in sports. 'Oh well' he thought taking a long pull from his beer and looking around the bar.

He noticed a woman at a lounge table at the end of the bar who appeared to be looking at him but looked away as he looked over. He took a quick look, thinking she was pretty attractive; blonde and dressed in a low cut, tight black dress that showed off her cleavage rather well. Her hair and makeup was almost too perfect and she was wearing what looked like some very expensive jewelry. He turned back to the game thinking that as much fun as having some company might be; she looked like way too much work or maybe too expensive.

The game was pretty boring so he figured he'd be getting a good night's sleep tonight as his food came and he began eating. He was just about done and was deciding whether or not to have another beer when he heard a woman's voice behind him.

"Dave?"

Turning around on his stool Dave realized it was the woman from the other end of the bar who was now standing right in front of him. As he faced her he realized he knew her. His mind spun for several seconds trying to place her. He realized it was a college friend of his wife's whom he had met at a couple weddings, including his own. Her name continued to escape him, but he did remember her ass and the conversations he and some of his buddies had had about it.

"Ummmm, Hi." Dave stammered, "Karen, right?", her name suddenly popping into his head.

Karen smiled sweetly sticking out her hand. "Yes." She looked around, "Is Joan here?"

He felt like he just got punched in the gut and his face dropped as he responded, "No, I'm here for work."

She looked at him, surprised by the look on his face, and slowly pulled her hand back. "How is she? I haven't talked to her in over a year." she asked with a confused look on her face.

"OK I guess." he mumbled. "Ummm, we separated about two months ago." 

Karen looked horrified, her hand going to her mouth. "Oh Dave, god I am sorry. I hadn't heard." She stood in front of him fidgeting, unsure what to do now.

Trying to smile, he looked at her and said, "don't worry about it, it happens." Figuring this conversation was pretty much over he began to turn back to get his check and head up to his room. He decided at that moment that he had had enough of this traveling life; he needed to finish up his work here and get back to his real life.

He realized she was still standing there so he turned back to her. 

"Mind if I ask what happened? You two seemed so perfect for each other." she asked.

He really wasn't in the mood for this conversation, especially with one of his wife's college friends, but he figured if he told her what had happened she'd go away and leave him alone. "Well I came home from a business trip and found her in bed with our neighbor." That was the G-rated version. What he had found when he walked in the door was his wife on her knees in the entry hall of their house with their neighbor's cock in the back of her throat while she was riding a big black dildo.

Looking at him without the surprise he expected, Karen replied, "Well, she always was a slut." Then she giggled and quickly covered her mouth. "Oh fuck, that was so wrong. Dave, I'm sorry." She began to turn away embarrassed, "Well, it was nice seeing you."

Laughing, Dave reached out and took her wrist. "It's OK Karen, that's probably why I married her in the first place."

They both smiled and felt the awkward tension dissolve itself a bit as Karen stepped over and put her hand on the stool next to him. "Can I buy you a beer?"

"Sure", he replied and pulled out the stool for her. 

She sat down and ordered a glass of wine and another beer for him.

Looking at the way she's dressed Dave asked, "what are you all dressed up for?"

"I had a date. With an asshole" she replied laughing. "A married asshole for that matter, who's wife decided they needed to go shopping tonight."

Dave nearly busted out laughing, but controlled himself. "Well aren't we just a pair" he said playfully, raising his beer and clinking it against her wine glass. They both took long pulls off their drinks, smiling at each other. "Well, he has no idea what he's missing."

Smiling warmly and blushing she replied, "Thanks, that's sweet."

They made small talk for several minutes, he told her about the work he was doing and that he had been in town for the better part of the two months that he and Joan had been separated. They talked about some of Joan's friends that both knew and then the conversation lapsed and they both sat looking at each other as they sipped their drinks.

Karen looked at him with a grin. "Can I tell you something?"

"Sure" he replied, nodding and thinking, 'she's gonna tell me no matter what I say'.

She looked at him sheepishly; "When we were in college, Joan fucked one of my boyfriends. We had a pretty big fight, but in the end I told her I forgave her."

Dave nodded, wondering why he should care about any of this.

"I never really forgave her." she said grinning. "I always wanted to get back at her for that."

She left that statement hanging for a minute, taking a sip of her wine and looking at him to see his response.

Not being the most subtle person, Dave didn't read anything into the statement and just nodded politely while he drank his beer.

Laughing softly, realizing he wasn't getting the hint, she reached out and placed her hand on his thigh, looked in his eyes and said, "Maybe we can get back at her together."

He smiled and put his hand on hers, squeezing it softly, finally realizing what she meant. "That's a really nice offer Karen, but I'm not looking to get even with her. To be honest, I just want to move on with my life." 

Standing and shifting closer to him, she slid her hand up his leg a little more. "OK, let me put it another way. I was stood up for a date tonight by a pudgy, bald, old man. I'm feeling kinda lonely and unwanted at the moment. You're a hot guy and if you don't take me to your room and fuck my brains out I'm gonna go home, eat a container of ice cream and cry myself to sleep."

He looked at her, trying to decide if she was serious or just messing with him. His mind processed a bunch of thoughts about still being married, how wrong it was to sleep with her friend and all sorts of reasons why he shouldn't do this. But he responded, "Well I would hate for anyone to ever say I abandoned a damsel in distress." letting all those thoughts go.

Her face broke into a wide grin and she leaned forward and kissed him lightly, then drank the last of her wine.

He stood, emptied his beer and signed his check, then slipped his fingers into hers and looked at her. "Shall we?" 

She nodded and they walked out of the bar. As they waited for the elevator she softly stroked his hand and leaned against him. Her mind was racing, this wasn't something she did. She had never done anything like this before. She couldn't believe what she had just said to him. She had never had a one night stand in her life, but for some reason suddenly all she wanted was this man. Maybe it was anger at being stood up by the man she had been dating for months or maybe it was revenge from college. Whatever it was, she knew this was what she wanted tonight.

They rode the elevator up in uncomfortable silence and went to his room. He slid his card key into the lock and opened the door. His company had arranged for a suite for him since he was here for an extended period and often didn't fly home on weekends. Stepping aside, he let her walk into the suite. As he entered the room and closed the door behind him, she wrapped her arms around his neck and pressed her lips against his. They kissed softly standing in the entry hall.

She pulled back from him with a wicked grin on her face. "Where's your phone?" she asked.

Dave reached into his pocket and pulled his phone out, holding it out to her.

"Take a picture of us," she giggled "then send it to Joan."

He smiled, unlocked the phone and held it up. They put their lips together and kissed as he took the picture. Lowering the phone he brought up the picture and addressed it to Joan with the message 'Look who I ran into' and pushed send. While he was doing it, he kept thinking what a bad idea this was, the picture making it worse, but he did it anyway. Despite what he had told Karen about just wanting to get on with his life, it felt good to get a little revenge. Petty for sure, but there was some satisfaction to it.

They both laughed and kissed again, moving into the room and sitting on the couch. They kissed again, a little more playfully this time, getting more comfortable with each other. He slid his tongue into her mouth and she caressed it with her own. They heard Dave's phone buzz and he picked it up and read the response from his estranged wife: '??????????'

Karen snatched the phone and started typing: 'Hi Joan...it's Karen...I'm gonna fuck him like he's never been fucked before :)' and pushed send. Tossing the phone on the floor she stood, kicked off her heels, reached behind and unzipped her dress and let it fall to the floor. She stood in front of him in just a pair of pink thong panties. She had beautiful teardrop shaped breasts with small pink nipples, which were already starting to stiffen. Her hips were slender and athletic and his mind flashed to his promise to work out in the morning.

She climbed into his lap, straddling him, wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him into her bare chest. He kissed her cleavage and breathed in her scent. Slowly he kissed her breasts, his tongue teasing her nipple before he sucked it into his mouth and scraped his teeth over it, making her moan softly and grab the back of his head. His hands slid down her back and cupped her tight round ass, his mind shot back to his wedding when his friends had been discussing what a great ass she had.

The more his hands and mouth touched her, the more excited she became. She had come here tonight for what had become an expected tryst with a man she thought she loved but he obviously didn't feel the same about her. Their relationship had become almost robotic, and she was beginning to feel like a prostitute, who got paid in fancy dinners and jewels. This felt dirty, and wrong and so damn good all at the same time.

Her fingers slid through his short cropped black hair as she held him against her chest. She felt one of his hands slide off her ass and up between her legs. Her leg lifted reflexively to give his hand access and she felt the tug as his fingers slid under the legband of her thong and brushed her clit. Biting her lip softly, she let out a long soft breath and rocked forward to run her clit over his finger. She rocked back and forth on his finger as she became wetter and wetter, shocked at what a whore she was being.

All Dave knew at this point was that a beautiful woman, more or less a stranger, was on top of him and everything he did made her more aroused. He had no idea how out of character this was for her, and at this point didn't care. All the original thoughts about Joan were gone. He was completely focused on the moment. The sound of his phone buzzing, obviously Joan responding to Karen's text, didn't faze him one bit. He slipped another finger inside Karen's thong and separated them around her engorged clit, squeezing her clit between his fingers as she ground against them and feeling her breath quicken.

Taking his wrist in her hand, she pulled his hand out from under her thong. She leaned down, kissed him and smiled. "Lay down." she said, in a rather commanding tone. He slid down on the couch so that he lay on his back as she quickly slid up, straddling his face and pulling her thong aside. Lowering her pussy onto his lips, she let out a deep sigh as his tongue slipped over her clit and began hungrily lapping at it. One of her hands rested on the arm of the couch just over his head while the other held her thong aside. She looked down between her legs and watched as his tongue pleasured her, grinding herself against his tongue, faster, harder, more urgently as her arousal built.

His tongue worked over her clit, alternating between lapping and circling it while she pressed down and her hips rocked forward and back. His hands went to her ass again, his fingers spreading out and holding her tight cheeks. He looked up; saw her eyes closed as she let out a sound somewhere between a moan and a whine. Her face had a look of pure focus, like the only thing that mattered in the world to her at that moment was the orgasm she was building to. Suddenly he slid his finger between her cheeks and pressed against her asshole. Her eyes popped open and huge smile grew across her face and her head nodded up and down as she squealed out "yes...yes...yes".

Urged on by her response, he pushed his finger forward, the tip pressing against her sphincter and felt it give suddenly as she relaxed. Her whole body shook as his finger pushed deeper in her ass and she let out a loud squeal of delight that was only muffled by the shortness of her breath at this point. His finger pushed in and out as she continued to ride his tongue with a greater urgency now. Her whole body shook as her orgasm hit.

Dave held still as she convulsed through a loud and intense orgasm. Her eyes locked on his eyes and her face looked like she had just walked into a surprise party. She gasped for air a couple times as her body began to relax, her hand letting go of her thong as she started to slide down his body, his finger pulling out of her ass.

Her hands slid behind his head and she kissed him as her legs straddled him. She giggled as she tasted herself on his lips and playfully licked around his mouth. "MMMMM...I taste good." she teased, "Does your cum taste that good?"

Smiling up at her, he responded, "Only one way to find out." 

That was all the invitation she needed. She slid off him onto her knees and pulled his legs around so that she was kneeling between them. Her hands quickly went to his belt, opening it, unbuttoning his slacks, unzipping them and reaching in and grabbing hold of his stiff cock. She looked up at him with a wide grin when she realized how big he was, at least 9" and thicker than any cock she had ever seen in real life. "Holy fuck!!" she stammered. Her head was swimming with thoughts about how Joan could ever want more than this, especially when it's attached to a man with a tongue like that. She kept that thought to herself though, not wanting to do anything that might prevent that cock from going inside her tonight.

He smiled at her response. Not the first time he'd seen that look or the related look of fear, but it had been many years since a woman got her first look at his cock.

Tugging his slacks down, she fished his cock out of his boxers and without hesitation slid her mouth over the head and sunk down onto his thick cock, her bright red lipstick smearing down the shaft. His head rolled back and he breathed out hard as her warm mouth enveloped his cock. His hands moved to the sides of her head and gripped handfuls of her hair as she began to bob up and down on his cock. 

Karen slowed as she took as much of his cock as she could into her mouth, feeling it pressing against the back of her throat, making her gag a little as she relaxed and tried to take his cock a little deeper. Her hands gripped the base of his cock and she opened her mouth wider and pressed her tongue flat against it and slowly eased up the length of his shaft and over the head, her tongue swirling around the tip. She played with his balls then slowly stroked his cock while her tongue swirled around the head, her eyes looking deep in his, seeing the look of pure pleasure on his face.

Suddenly she drove down onto his cock again, pushing it into her throat, making herself gag. She wanted it all, wanted to take all of his enormous cock. Struggling, spit running out of the stretched corners of her mouth, she kept pushing it deeper. He groaned as her throat squeezed the head of his cock. Struggling to breathe through her nose she pushed, rising up on her knees to get a better angle until her lips wrapped around the base of cock. She held there for a second, and then slid up his cock gasping for air, thick strings of saliva pouring down onto his balls as she pulled off his cock with a huge triumphant grin on her face.

After a few breathes she slid his cock back into her mouth and began sucking deeply, moving up and down, her hand back on his shaft stroking as she sucked. He was in pure heaven and stroked her hair as he moaned, feeling cum begin to build up in the base of his cock. He began to stiffen and his breath quickened. She felt the change and began sucking and stroking harder until she felt the first spurt of his cum on her tongue. Slowly up and down his shaft she went, then wrapped her lips around the head and sucked every bit of his thick cum out of his cock, swallowing every last drop.

Rising up from his cock, she wiped her mouth with the back of her forearm. She grinned and thought for a minute. "Hmmmmm, I think I like yours better." she giggled, causing Dave to laugh. She stood and turned around so he could see her ass, looked over her shoulder and slid her thong slowly down to the floor. She kept her legs straight as she stepped out of them. Her hands ran slowly up the back of her legs and over her ass, then she stood and walked toward the bedroom. She paused in the doorway, leaning her naked body against the door jam and smiled, blew him a kiss and disappeared into the bedroom.

Dave sat for a second, soaking this all in. He saw his phone on the floor, the notification light flashing, knowing that meant messages from Joan, responding to Karen's mocking text. In some ways, in spite of everything she had done, he felt like he was still doing something wrong. Legally they were still married, this was an old friend of hers and he was always taught that two wrongs don't make a right. He looked at the open door to the bedroom and heard water start to run in the bathroom, the tub filling. He took a final look at the blinking phone, chuckled and said "Fuck you bitch" under his breath, kicked his shoes and socks off, stepped out of his slacks and headed off for the bedroom with a big smile on his face.

Rounding the corner and entering the bedroom, he saw the door to the bathroom open about half way and heard the water running. He pushed the door open further and stepped in to find her in the big jetted soaker tub that was about ¼ full of water. She looked at him and frowned which caused him to stop, wondering if she had wanted to take a bath alone.
