 I laid back against the chaise and enjoyed the feeling of the warm sun on my bare skin as I peered over the top of my sunglasses at the new pool boy. Pool boy was actually a misnomer since he appeared to be near 40 unlike the college boys that usually came to clean my pool. But still, he was definitely worth watching. I squirmed a little in my seat as I watched him move, broad tan shoulders flexing and stretching as he reached for a stray leaf in the middle of the pool. He was such a nice contrast to the skinny 19 year old blonde surfer kid that I had been watching, and letting watch me, all summer. My eyes drifted across his bare chest glistening with sweat as he turned to drop the net on the patio. He definitely was the most enticing thing I had seen on my patio in months.

I poured warm oil onto my palm and slowly started rubbing it into my long legs never taking my eyes off the handsome man by my pool. He bent to retrieve a sample of water and my eyes went to his tight butt clearly outlined by his shorts. Yes, definitely enticing. This was just the kind of man that I needed to cure my restlessness caused by being left alone all summer. As he moved around the edge of the pool completing the tasks I had hired the pool service to do, my oil covered hands lingered longingly on my thighs. I could feel myself getting excited just watching him. Without thinking I slipped a finger under the elastic in the leg of my swimsuit and absentmindedly started rubbing my clit. My mind wandered to what it would feel like to press my lips to his muscular chest and trace the lines of those muscles with my tongue. I was wet just thinking about getting my hands on him. 

He turned and looked at me, and I quickly rolled onto my stomach and pressed myself against the warm cushions on the chaise. I blushed, wondering if he had noticed that I was playing with myself watching him. The college boy before him had been easy to entice. I had simply started playing with myself while I watched him. At first he had pretended not to notice but after a few weeks of letting him watch me I had gotten bold to the point that he couldn't pretend not to notice. From there it had been easy to get what I wanted from him. But this man was different. The way he carried himself was so confident and sure of himself. I couldn't imagine being nearly as forward with him as I had the other. I sighed heavily and resolved myself to taking care of myself when he left.

A shadow fell over my body as he stood between me and the sun. I turned my head to him and opened my eyes, squinting into the sun. His strong body towered over me, making me want him even more.

"I'm through with your pool," he said. "There really wasn't much to do. If I didn't know better I would swear that someone else was keeping it up," he said with an accusatory smile.

I blushed. Ever since I discovered how much fun pool boys could be, I had made sure they didn't have much work to do.

"I've only been here 15 minutes. I'm on the clock for another 45 minutes. Do you have anything else you need me to take care of?" he asked, flashing me a charming smile.

I felt my heart skip a beat as I thought about the things I would like him to do for me but that didn't seem appropriate to ask for. I paused trying to collect myself enough to think of something else for him to do so he didn't leave. At least he was nice to look at. Beforfe I could answer, he answered for me.

"How about I put some of this oil on your back?" he asked. "You can't reach around here by yourself."

I stretched back out on my stomach and closed my eyes. He lowered himself onto the edge of the chaise and reached for the oil. Gently he untied my swimsuit top and laid the straps to either side out of his way. I moaned softly as he poured the warm coconut scented oil onto the small of my back then softly started making small circles with this big strong hands, moving the oil up my back. First he was gently spreading the oil, then massaging my back as he went. I melted under his touch. This was what I missed, just being touched by a man. Sex was great but being touched was like heaven. I could feel the wet spot on my swimsuit bottoms growing as he moved across my shoulders and then down my arms, touching and rubbing his way down to my fingertips then back up to my shoulders. When he got back to my shoulders he lifted my hair, then I felt his warm breath on my neck. His lips were so soft and warm as he began kissing his way around my neck just below my hairline. I sighed a contented sigh and let him continue touching me.

"Roll over and let me get the other side," he said with mischief in his voice.

Without hesitation I rolled over, leaving my swimsuit top behind. This time I watched him as he ceremoniously lowered the bottle of oil a few inches from my skin and gave it a little squeeze. Oil puddled on my stomach and he smiled. I watched as he spread the fingers of his right hand and lowered them to my bare stomach. His palm making contact with my stomach sent little electrical currents straight to my wet pussy. I resisted the urge to roll my hips towards his hand. Once again, he flashed me a mischievous grin and moved his hands up across my bare stomach, never breaking contact, to my breasts. His strong hands cupped my breasts covering them both, pausing just to hold them, then slowly starting to massage. His fingers found my already hard nipples and gently tugged at them as he lowered his mouth to mine. His lips were so warm and soft and my body went limp as he kissed me for the first time. His lips parted and his tongue probed my welcoming mouth. My back arched and my body raised to him as he kissed me harder and tugged at my hard nipples again.

He broke the kiss and stepped back. My eyes went to the bulge growing in his shorts. I smiled at the promise of what was to come. I reached for his zipper and he kissed me again, forcing my body back onto the chaise as I unzipped his pants and freed his hard cock. He stepped out of his shorts then slid my swimsuit bottoms off and tossed them aside. He looked like a bronze greek god standing naked on my patio. I felt a shiver of anticipation run through me. I reached for his hard cock and pulled him to me by it licking my lips. 

Parting my lips I touched my tongue to the head of his hard cock. I licked the drop of precum from the head and smiled up at him. His swollen cock was throbbing in anticipation under my touch. I leaned forward and took just the head of his cock into my warm inviting mouth. Slowly I started swirling my tongue around and around the head. I felt him brace himself against the pleasurable sensations. Running my tongue up and down the shaft, I could feel myself growing even more excited imagining what it was going to feel like to have this inside of me. I liked up and down the shaft, stopping to run my wet tongue over his balls before moving back up to the head. His fingers went to my hair, absentmindedly twisting strands around his hands as he gently guided his hard cock back into my mouth. Then I lowered my mouth onto his hard cock, sliding my lips around it tightly as I went down. I felt the head bump against the back of my throat and suppressed a gag as I pressed harder pressing my nose against his tan muscular stomach. His hands tightened their grip on my hair and he pressed a little harder, not wanting to release me. I pulled back and ran my tongue around the head again before sliding it back down my throat as far as it would go yet again. I heard the little satisfied noises that meant I was making him happy as I continued to lick and suck up and down the shaft of his hard cock over and over.

Finally he pressed me back onto the chaise and spread my legs. His mouth went straight to my wet pussy and as his tongue touched my hard clit little waves of pleasure started rolling through my body. As good as that tongue felt, what I really wanted was to feel his hard cock inside of me. I grabbed him by the shoulders and pulled him onto me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and felt the smooth head of his cock against my pussy.

"Tell me what you want," he said firmly.

"Fuck me," I begged. "Please put it in."

In one smooth movement he buried his hard cock to the hilt. I gasped and bucked against him as he hit bottom. It had been so long since I had felt a cock this long and hard inside of me and my body responded like a starving man responds to food. I rocked against him as he drove into me over and over. I could feel my orgasm building as I buried my mouth against his chest to muffle my cries of pleasure. 

His hands went to my hair, pulling me hard against the chaise as he fucked me hard. "You like this hard cock, don't you?" He growled as he gave me the fucking of my life. "Tell me you want it."

"Please," I cried out. "Please fuck me harder," I begged, meaning every word of it as I pleaded for him to drive me over the edge. "Give me your cum." I cried out as I came over and over for what seemed like an eternity.

I saw his eyes cloud over as his body stiffened and I knew he was going to cum too. Without warning he pulled out of my wet pussy to shoot streams of hot sticky cum all over my tits. Quickly I slid down under him with my mouth open letting the last bits of the cum hit my face, catching a few precious drops on my tongue.

I licked my lips and slid over onto my side making room for him to drop down on the chaise beside me. I rubbed the sticky cum into my tits, enjoying the feeling, knowing it was his cum from fucking me so hard.

"The boys were right, this is the best job on the route," he said giving me a kiss. And I could tell that I was really going to enjoy the rest of the season with my new pool man.