 There were four of them on that day, Claire and Michelle, Tom and Frank. I suppose the way we normally paired up I should say Claire and Tom, Michelle and Frank. I'm Frank by the way. I'm trying to write this as though I'm an observer rather than a participant. 

They were all around twenty, and I can assure you that, at that age, none of them were virgins. They were not, however, sexually involved with each other at that point. While loosely paired, the relationships were still in the getting to know you stage, though it was obvious it wouldn't be too long before they progressed past that point.

It was a Saturday, and the first really hot day of the summer, and the four friends had gathered at Frank's place to relax by the pool. The girls had on bikinis, and the boys were showing their appreciation of this fact with a lot of outrageous flirting, mainly, but not all, directed at their chosen partner.

The girls were reciprocating, quite willing to be wooed in this fashion, and the foursome were enjoying themselves. They had all had a drink or two and were thoroughly relaxed, while not being in the least tipsy. 

The boys discovered that there was one big advantage to having a pool close at hand. When the flirting got a bit hot, they could always slip into the pool to let certain things cool down again, instead of embarrassing themselves and the girls with noticeable bulges.

Flirtation was running riot and there was quite a bit of sexual tension in the air. By word and deed the boys were implying that it was time their relationships kicked up a notch, and the girls were implying by word and deed that they were in agreement with this. Sometime in the near future the boys could expect to get lucky.

So that was the situation when Michelle had her little accident. She'd been taking a dip, and was about to get out of the pool. She lifted her hands to Frank for a lift out of the water, and Frank had no objection to hoicking a scantily clad miss out of the pool and holding her against him. Taking her hands, Frank lifted Michelle up and out in one swift move.

The accident, you're wondering. What about the accident? Frank always suspected that Michelle knew that the ties on her bikini bottom had come a bit loose. He thought that her idea would be for the bottom to start to drop and she would catch it, but not before giving a little teasing flash. What Michelle didn't know was just how powerful the pools recycling pump was, and that she was being lifted out of the water right in front of one.

As Frank lifted her, the pump sucked her bikini bottom right off and swallowed it, resulting with Michelle suddenly finding herself plastered against Frank half naked. Considerably more than half, actually, seeing the only thing she had on was a very small bikini top, which by no means covered all of her abundant charms.

Michelle felt her bikini bottom pulling away and gave a squeal of alarm, twisting in Frank's arms to see if she could spot the errant piece of material or see a towel she could grab. Frank had also seen the bikini vanish into the pump and as far as he was concerned it was a sign of what was meant to be.

Michelle was turning and reaching for a towel when Frank stopped her. 

"No," he murmured, holding Michelle still and letting her see the appreciation in his eyes as he flicked them over her body.

"Take off the top," he told her.

Michelle was almost writhing in embarrassment. 

"No. Are you mad? The others can see me. Let me go."

"No," came the reply. "I don't care about the others. Take off your top."

Michelle could see the determination on Frank's face, and found her hands going instinctively to the ties to undo them. The bikini bra fell away, leaving her nude, and Frank drank in the sight of her.

"Give me a towel," Michelle hissed. "The others are looking."

"Let them look," came the answer. "It's all they can do. You're mine."

Catching the hands that were futilely trying to cover her, Frank pushed then behind Michelle's back, holding them there with one hand.

Stepping aside he turned Michelle slightly so that she was facing Claire and Tom. Tom grinned and nodded his appreciation, while Claire tried to look shocked. 

Releasing Michelle's hands, Frank placed a hand under her elbow, and tugged lightly. Michelle found herself being led away from the pool and onto the grass surrounds, then encouraged to lie down. Frank sank down to sit beside her.

"What do you think you're doing, Frank?" Michelle hissed at him. "Give me a towel and let me get dressed."

"I don't think so, love," said Frank, smiling down at her. "A towel or clothes would just get in the way right now. I think the time has come for me to get closer acquainted with you."

Michelle blinked. Surely he didn't mean that he was going to have sex with her right then and there with the others watching. Glancing at the pronounced bulge at the front of his bathers, it dawned on her that he might actually be planning to do just that.

"Frank," she protested. "Tom and Claire are watching us. Why don't we go inside or something."

"Because I want to take you here, on the grass, in the sunshine. And if you care to look, you will see Tom is already pulling down Claire's bathers, and she's not stopping him."

Startled, Michelle looked to where Tom and Claire were standing. Frank was right. Tom was helping Claire step out of her bikini bottom, and she was actually undoing her top herself. Even as she watched Claire dropped the top and stood there nude, while Tom was now taking of his own bathers. It was immediately apparent what Tom's intentions were.

Turning back to Frank, Michelle found that he hadn't been wasting any time either. His intentions were now plain to see and she swallowed nervously as she took in the size of his intentions.

Michelle found her legs being eased apart and Frank was kneeling between them, smiling at her.

"Sorry, love," he murmured. "I can't bring myself to delay by a lot of foreplay for this first time. I'm just going to take you. OK."

The heat and excitement welling up from her mound quickly informed Michelle that certain parts of her found nothing wrong with this plan of action. She swallowed again, but found herself moving her legs further apart in silent invitation.

Frank leaned towards her, his erection pressing down upon her pussy, gently prying her lips apart. Holding himself there, his head just penetrating her, Frank laughed softly.

"Check out Claire," he murmured.

Turning to look, Michelle saw that Tom had positioned Claire on her hand and knees and was kneeling behind her, his cock obviously resting against her pussy. Both Tom and Claire were looking across at her and Frank.

"What are they waiting for?" she asked. "If Tom's just going to take Claire right there, why doesn't he start?"

"They're being polite," laughed Frank. "We started the whole thing so they're waiting for me to take you before they start. I bet if I enter you slowly, Tom'll do the same with Claire. Do you want me to come in hard and fast or slow and gentle?"

The idea tickled Michelle's sense of humour. She giggled.

"I like it both ways, but I've heard Claire say that a man should always come in real fast to establish his dominance. So why don't you take it real slow and see what happens."

Laughing, Frank leaned slowly against Michelle, penetrating easily but slowly, oh, so very slowly. Michelle was torn between wanting to watch and laugh at Claire's obvious frustration and the desire to thrust herself hard up against Frank, just to get him into her.

An outraged cry came floating over to them.

"Tom, will you stop stuffing around and damn well fuck me," wailed Claire.

Frank collapsed onto Michelle, laughing, but driving in deep at the same time. Michelle met Frank's sudden inrush with a squeal, lifting her legs up to wrap them around him, holding him tight.

Committed now, Michelle and Frank ignored the sounds coming from where Tom was demonstrating his mastery over Claire. Frank was pumping Michelle hard while she clung to him, using her hips and enclosing legs to help Frank drive deep into her, bringing her rapidly rising pleasure.

As though they'd performed this act a thousand times, Frank ploughed Michelle's fertile field while she yielded happily, relishing the slow build of excitement that was spreading out from her mound. Their bodies smacked against each other with enthusiasm, knowing where they were going and eager to help each other reach that point.

Frank came, deep inside Michelle, the flood of hot seed the cue that was required to trip her own climax. She gasped her relief as waves of pleasure swept through her, sweeping away all her cares.

Lying on the grass, Frank holding her tight, Michelle became aware of some odd noises. Puzzled, she lifted her head, and then started laughing.

Claire was still on all fours while Tom was relentlessly taking her. Unfortunately for Claire, Tom was in no hurry. He'd brought Claire to the edge of her climax and was now in what might be described as a holding pattern, keeping her nicely balanced on the edge while she pleaded for relief.

Nudging Frank, Michelle indicated the other pair. Laughing quietly, Frank strolled around them, unnoticed by the pair enjoying their private tussle. Picking up his smart-phone Frank started recording the final moments of Tom and Claire's playtime, catching some pretty determined pleading from an increasingly desperate Claire before Tom finally gave way and let them both climax.

"You're not going to post that anywhere are you?" asked Michelle.

Frank shook his head. "I wouldn't do that to them. But it might be fun to play it for them sometime. I wonder what Tom would pay me for it?"