 You had some friends over for a pool party. I was lucky enough to be one of them. I sat by the side most of the time, holding a beer and joking with people in the water, but what I was really doing was watching you. I'm surprised no one knew -- I'm surprised you couldn't tell.

Every time you broke the surface of the water, your skin was glistening like a seal's. You wore a dark one-piece suit -- I've always thought that was sexier than a bikini, when it comes right down to it. Every time you bent over, I could see farther down your gleaming cleavage than I'd ever imagined; and every time you turned around, I was dizzy from the sunlight on your curves. I kept having to adjust myself discreetly inside my trunks. All through that long summer afternoon until well after sunset, I watched you and was constantly hard. Every so often I would dive into the pool to cool off, but I was afraid that with my trunks wet it would be even more obvious.

Even at midnight, when the party finally began to break up, the weather was balmy and the water was warm. One by one, your friends departed, and still I sat there, watching. When you had been out of the pool a while, your hair frizzy and your cheeks flushed, your suit began to dry -- and became even more revealing, as it tightened along your curves. Finally, they had all departed, and you came over to where I was sitting.

You bent over in front of me, and I couldn't keep my eyes from the shadowed depths between your breasts. "Is everything okay over here?" I could smell the chlorine in your hair, I was so close to you I could feel the heat from your body, and I couldn't raise my eyes to meet your own. I was drowning in your cleavage, and I could feel my cock begin to rise. When I finally looked up, your eyes were fixed on my lap.

I blushed as you spoke again: "Yes, it seems that you are very okay, aren't you?" You reached down to caress the length of me through the slippery fabric. I groaned, low and quietly. "Would you like to take a dip?" you asked, a mischievous smile on your face. Lost in sensation, I nodded.

You gave me one final squeeze, then stood straight. "Come on in, the water's fine." And you dived smoothly into the pool.

It was all I could do not to trip over my own feet getting up, but I managed to do so and fall into the water without braining myself -- though I did make quite a splash. When I came to the surface and could see again, you were in the shallow end, laughing. I walked up toward you, slowly, feeling the water move around me. Teasing, you pulled your suit down and flashed one dripping breast at me. "Do I have to wait all night?"

Clumsily, I swam to you. We were both in water about to our waists. As I got closer, you splashed at me, giggling. I splashed back, and when I got close to you, I pulled you from your feet and dunked you. You held me under the water with you, and I felt your hand slide up my trunks. We broke the surface, both sputtering, but you kept your grip on my cock.

"You don't really need these trunks, do you?" And you slid your hand out, grabbed both sides of the cloth, and yanked them down. I fell back in the water, which only made it easier for you to pull them off. You tossed them to the deep end, where they floated like some strange anemone. I stood there in the water, watching you. You made no move to take your own suit off -- you just stood there, watching me and grinning. I could feel my cock growing at your frank stare and the feeling of the water swirling around me.

You pulled me in deeper and kissed me, body to body. You even tasted like the pool, briny and warm and welcoming. Your tongue moved against mine, lithe and slippery, and you spoke against it when I started running my hands down your body. We kissed deeply, drinking each other in, and I felt your hand encircle my cock again.

My hands stopped -- it was all I could do to keep myself anchored to you as your fingers began to slide up and down, as I moaned and arched my back, as the rhythm of the waves made me feel as if I were fucking water itself. You let me move back a little bit, licked your lips and concentrated on the shifting silhouette of my cock as I got closer. Even at full speed, your hand was delectably slow from the drag of the water. I cried out your name, and it echoed in the night. I tried to hold back, as long as I could ... but you

wouldn't let me. I came underwater, jetting into the pool as I lost my footing and fell into your arms.

We kissed again, and teasing, moved up into the shallow end. I managed to get the straps off your shoulders and pull your suit down below your breasts. Even in the light from your back porch, they gleamed wetly, and I couldn't keep my mouth off of them. I dunked you and suckled at them underwater until I couldn't breathe. We kissed again, your breasts flattened against my chest, and I slid my hand between your thighs. I pressed my middle finger in as much as the fabric would allow, and you gasped when I stroked you. "Let ... me get to ... the side," you managed to say.

We moved to the side of the pool, where you could prop yourself up. I stripped your suit from your beautiful curves, and sent it flying off to join my own. Then I stood so close to you, looking right into your eyes, and I spoke just loud enough for you to hear. "I want to make you come until you flood this whole fucking pool."

And at just that moment, I slid my fingers up into your pussy. I let them float there, lazily, for a moment. I moved so I was straddling your thigh, and you could feel my cock grow against you again. I moved my free hand to caress your breast. Then I kissed my way up your jaw to your cheek, to your ear, and whispered as I began moving inside you.

"Yes, feel me there inside you, touching you, dipping into your wetness, feel it mingling with the pool ... god, you are so tight, so trembling, admit it you want this, want me, want to go crazy until the waves crash at the other side of the pool from your motion ... you know you want me at your clit, your cunt, your asshole, you want me to open you up until you flood ...."

I flutter my fingers inside you like a fish's tail, and you moan. I can feel you clutching against me as my thumb works at your clit. I stroke you in time with the water lapping at the side of the pool; with the same motion. I kiss your neck as I slide my fingers deeper, move them faster.

Then I pull out, all at once. "Turn around," I say, and you turn to face the wall. I move you a bit, and suddenly you feel a rush of water against your body. I've positioned you in front of one of the jets that are set along the sides, and it is forcing a stream of water directly against your clit, never stopping, bubbling and churning around you. I hold you there, sliding my fingers inside again, my other hand at your breast, kissing the back of your neck and taking you farther and farther until you warn me you are getting close.

I have been rubbing my cock against your thigh and I think about fucking you right then and there ... but I want you to come so hard for me this first time. I know there will be plenty of opportunities to hold you there, my cock deep inside you, and let the water guide us.

But for now, I carry you, quivering, to the steps in the corner of the pool and set you down. The water is shallow enough that I can kneel in front of you here; that your pussy is just below the surface. I tell you to lean back (your breasts up in the air and most distracting), and I slide down in the water until my face is in your lap. My mouth is actually below the surface against your pussy; I breathe through my nose.

God, from the moment I begin licking you there, my tongue moving against you like some underwater creature, I can tell it won't be long. You take my hand and move it to your mouth, kissing my fingers to muffle your cries. I lick you as fast and as furiously as I can underwater, remembering from my experience how the efforts will be muted. I slide my fingers back inside you; two in your pussy, one in your ass, and I flutter them in time with my tongue.

I plunge my whole face underwater, going wild on your pussy and your clit, and I can hear your cries distorted by the water. It is as if I were caressing you from miles away. Your hips are bucking up from the concrete stair, and I sputter a bit as I break the surface. You are exposed, above the water for a moment, as beautiful as a dolphin in mid-leap. Then you fall again, further onto my fingers, against my tongue, and I am taking you faster and faster, feeling you respond.

It happens all at once, and you scream even past my hand loud enough that lights go on in the house behind yours -- not that you notice. You contract around my fingers tight enough that I'm glad for the water to keep them in motion; your whole body bounces up and down until it's all I can do to keep the tip of my tongue against your clit. Even after the first orgasm has moved fully through you, the secondary ones keep piling up, one after another, as you heave and pant and finally beg me to please stop before you go crazy.

You lie there, half in the water, and as I move above you, you hold on with both arms and legs until you pull my body wholly to you. We kiss and giggle a bit hearing the clamor from the neighbors you awakened. But we have much more interesting things to focus on.

Like the fact that it would only take a slight motion for me to be inside you ...