 It was the summer between my sophomore and junior years in college. I had been home for a little over a week and was working for a landscaping company. I pulled into the driveway and walked down to get the mail at my parents house. I glanced through the mail as I started back up the driveway and noticed the car pulling in to the neighbors driveway across the street.

"Hey Charlie, welcome home," said Tina as she hopped out of the car and headed towards me.

Tina and her older brother grew up across the street from me. Tina was a few years younger than me and was graduating high school in about a week. Her brother was two years older than me but was kind of a dork in school. Tina was always a skinny little tomboy that would tag along in neighborhood games. I'd seen her a few times at family parties and over holidays since I started college but never paid her much attention.

"Hey T, how are you?" 

She came up the driveway and gave me a hug. She had grown into a full on hottie since the last time I saw her. Tina had always had a Sicilian type dark Mediterrenean complexion and big brown eyes. Her usually frizzy black hair had been allowed to grow out to her shoulders and was now wavy and well kept. She was still short, maybe 5'2", had a small frame which gave her a tight ass, but her boobs had filled out and were at least a C cup, if not Ds. She was wearing jeans and a tank top that really accentuated her new tits and she smelled fantastic. 

"I'm good, almost done with school" she said as she smiled at me.

"Yeah, I know. You pick a school yet?" I asked.

"Yup, I'm going to state," she replied.

"Just like big brother, huh?" 

"Yeah, I can't wait. Well I'll see you around this summmer," she said as she spun and headed back to her house. 

I took a few steps and turned to check out her ass as she went through their front door. I knew Tina always had a crush on me from the time we were kids. She was always tagging along and getting in the way when we were kids but now I was glad I was never mean to her about it.

About a week went by until I saw her again. This time it was Saturday morning. My foreman cut us loose at 10:30am so I headed home. My parents left a note that they were gone for the day. I went for a run and when I came back Tina and some of her friends were outside in her front lawn and they were all wearing swim suits. It was like christmas. Across the street were ten nineteen-year-old scantilly clad chicks. 

"Holy shit, is that Charlie Mac," I heard as I trotted up the street. 

I gave a quick wave as I came up the street. I lingered just long enough. Kelsey, the little sister of a girl I used to date, walked over to me and gave me a hug.

"Wow I haven't seen you in forever," Kelsey smiled. 

"Yeah, what are you guys up to?" I said.

"Oh, we came over to help Tina open up the pool," she responded.

We made small talk for a few minutes, until Tina chimed in.

"Charlie, you want to take a dip with us?"

I looked at the ten girls glistening in their swimwear. I couldn't be dragged away.

I smiled, "Yeah, what the hell."

One of the girls let out a whoop and we headed into the back yard. Tina's family had a shitty above ground circular suburban pool. But when we were kids it was the only one in the neighborhood so it was the place to be for the neighborhood kids. 

We all hopped into the pool and continued idle chit chat. I knew about half of these girls and could not believe how hot they had become. I was so busy scoping these girls out I had not even noticed that Tina had gotten out of the pool. Tina was standing on the deck of the pool. She was wearing a one-piece swimsuit that was modeled after the crap that surfers wear and had a zipper that went down the front and it was clearly a little too small. She was holding a blue plastic ball.

"Anybody up for a game?" she stood on the deck holding the ball and smiling then jumped into the pool.

When we were kids we had played a neighborhood game where the holder of the ball tried to walk around the perimeter of the pool while holding onto this blue cheap plastic ball. The other players tried to strip the ball from the runner by slapping the ball away, dunking or tripping the ball runner. For some reason the cheap plastic material of the ball would get as slippery as an ox's testicles and the most you could get was about two or three laps around the pool. Apparently this game had survived and was played by all of these girls based upon their squealing as the ball landed in the pool. It was like something out of a B-movie, ten nineteen year old girls in bikinis grabbing and clawing at each other in a pool. 

After a few minutes, Tina managed to get a hold of the ball and I was right behind her. I managed to get one hand over the ball and push it into Tina's stomach. As the scrum of girls circled around us, I pinned the ball into her stomach with my hand. I slid my other hand up and slowly unzipped her bathing suit. I slid my hand in past the zipper and cupped Tina's tit with the palm of my hand. The cool water, mixed with her warmth and hardening nipple and all of these girls around us was an amazing sensation. I realized her ass was directly on top of my cock which was growing harder by the second. The other girls continued trying to trip and dunk Tina underwater completely unaware that that I was feeling up their friend the whole time. After about the fifth lap the game in the pool was broken by the blast of a car horn. 

"Thats my mom," shouted one of the girls. 

Just as quickly as it started the pool began to empty to the sounds of see you laters. A few of the girls blew kisses as they climbed out of the pool and headed into the front yard. None of them seemed to notice Tina standing in the water with her one piece zipped down to her navel and her tits nearly out of her suit. 

Tina climbed up the ladder and out of the pool. I could tell her head was swimming. We could hear the car doors slamming and cars pulling out of the driveway. I climbed out of the pool with a raging hard on. Tina stood with her back to me looking over the deck railing toward her house. I stepped behind her and brushed my cock up against her ass as I slid my hand up to her tit. Tina closed her eyes as I whispered in her ear,

"Just go with it."

'She nodded her head with her eyes still closed. I unzipped her swim suit all the way and pulled her tit out. I spun her toward me and was amazed by the view of the most perfect tits I'd ever seen. Her swarthy skin got lighter all the way down to her rock hard nipples. I stood there caressing her tits for a minute as she stood still with her eyes closed. I leaned in and kissed her and her nipples got even harder. I kissed my way down to her neck as my hand slid to her pussy. I rubbed her soaking wet pussy through the thin swimsuit material as I sucked on her tits. She suddenly stiffened.

"What about the neighbors?" She asked.

"They can't see over the deck railing" I responded without missing a beat.

I continued playing with her pussy through the swimsuit, while alternating which one of her tits I was sucking on. Finally I slipped one of my fingers into her pulsing pussy. She let out an audible sigh and let her head fall back. I kissed my way back up her neck. I took my other hand that wasn't fingering her and moved her hand toward my rock hard cock. We stood there kissing, me fingering her soaking pussy and her jerking my cock through my shorts for a few minutes. I stopped her stroking to slide my shorts down to my ankles as I slipped the shoulder straps of her one-piece down her arms. If she was going to stop me this would be it, but she did not even hesitate. I slipped her suit down to her ankles. Both of us were bare-ass naked on her pool deck in her parents yard and even that thought didn't slow us down. I continued kissing her with long deep kisses, while my hand moved back to her pussy. Her groans were getting louder so I started to back her towards the lounge chair on the deck. She awkwardly bumped into the chair and fell into a sitting position. She was now at eye level with my dick.

"Do you know what to do?" I asked.

"Yes," she said as she smiled at me.

She took a hold of my cock with her hand and gave it a few strokes. She slowly moved her mouth to the tip of my cock and began sucking my dick. I looked down to see the top of her head moving slowly as she inhaled my dick. Her big tits were swaying as she blew me. She was no expert but clearly she had sucked a dick or two. She even knew to keep stroking my cock with her hand as she sucked me off. Tina's mouth was hot and wet even if she was a little awkward with her technique. After a few more strokes I began to move my hips into her mouth more. The sight of this little hottie with her big tits taking my cock deep was too much.

"Do you swallow?" I asked her.

She shook her head no. So I gave her mouth a few more strokes of my cock and pulled out just as I let a spurt of cum fly. She coughed a little bit from the precum and leaned back giving me a perfect view of her big tits. 

After I finished draining my balls on their pool deck, I sat down next to her on the lounge chair, kissed her and continued fingering her pussy. Before I was getting her warmed up, now I was going for the kill. I slipped two fingers in her and began to increase the pace. Her moans got louder and she bit my lower lip as we kissed. After a few minutes of fingering her dripping pussy, I had her where I wanted her. 

I pulled her legs up onto the lounge chair and slid my cock in between her thighs. I positioned the head of my cock against her clit and began to slowly grind her up and down. She reached in between our bodies and slipped the head of my cock into her pussy. I slowly fucked her missionary style for few minutes to let her get used to me. The lounge chair was creaking wildly and might not support us much longer. I slid her ass to the end of the lounge chair and pulled out of her while I stood up. I looked down at her laying on the lounge chair, big tits heaving, her still wet hair slicked against her head and beads of sweat and pool water glistening all over her body. I raised her legs and slid my cock into her. She winced as I put my cock all the way up her cunt. We fucked for a few minutes in that position. As I slammed in and out of her, the rythm of our fucking was making her tits bounce and making her groan even louder.

"Fuck me harder, oh please fuck me harder, Charlie" she panted at me. 

That was enough to push me over the edge. I rammed my cock into her as fast as I could over and over. As I felt my second load about to burst out of my balls, I realized I had no idea if she was on the pill. I pulled out of her and stepped forward so I was straddling her tits. I pushed her tits together and shoved my cock in between her cushy boobs. It only took a few thrusts before I fired my load all over her chest and neck. I collapsed into her and we kissed for a few seconds. 

"Whoa" was all she said when we broke off the kiss. She lay on the lounge chair panting as her big tits heaved toward the sky. 

"That was amazing," was all I could muster. 

Tina sat up and started to try to wipe my jizz off of her neck. I turned around and jumped into the pool. Tina followed suit. I came up from under water to find her almost on top of me again. She was smiling ear to ear.

"I'll bet you didn't expect that" she said with a smile.

I kissed her and let our tongues roam. My cock got hard again and brushed up against her thigh. 

"Holy shit, Charlie! You're ready again?" she said as she broke off our kiss.

I squeezed her tit, "Can you blame me?"

She blushed. 

"Listen Charlie, my parents should be home any minute. I mean I would love to do it again but..." She trailed off.

"Okay." I said.

We climbed out of the pool and put our clothes on. 

"Ummm Charlie, I, uhh kind of have a boyfriend," Tina said.

I stepped forward and kissed her again. 

"I won't tell if you won't," I said with a wink.

She smiled at me as we both heard a car pulling in out front of the house. I gave her one more hard kiss and grabbed my shirt.

"I'll see you later," I called over my shoulder.

"Yeah, you'd better!" I heard her say as I rounded the corner of her house.