 I watch my husband bounce at the end of the diving board, gently jumping to get airborne for his next dive. He's completely naked, and the sheen of the suntan lotion gives his body an oiled, almost slippery effect. Jim has a great body, with nice shoulders that slope to a firm and flat stomach, and lean legs with muscles that ripple and flex as he jumps. Maybe it's the couple (four!!) pina coladas I've had, but the sight of his soft penis slapping up and down as he jumps makes me giggle out load. He takes his dive, which is not very good at all, and swims slowly to the ladder closest to where I'm lounging. I'm still thinking about his little thing waving to me as he reaches out of the water and grabs the ladder. He enthusiastically pulls himself up onto the first rung. "How was that?" He asks, apparently not realizing just how bad a diver he is.

"If I sucked that badly, you never would have married me!!" I yell back, while forming my mouth into a big "O" and moving my hand in a small stroking motion just a couple inches from my mouth, giving the universal sign for "blowjob."

"Wrong motion, Mary!" He replies. "It's your hands-free oral work that got me to propose!!"

"Hey, just remember, no blowjob until I see a perfect dive!!" I say as I stop the hand motion, and start wildly bobbing my head up and down. 

He looks so cute as he feigns disappointment in learning that he has failed to yet earn a place in my mouth. But, I don't think I'll be able to make him wait much longer, since I'm starting to get horny, too. I am admiring his chest and stomach as he takes another step up the ladder. He's standing with both hands on the railing, and the water is lapping against his legs. At this height, his balls and most of his shaft are out of the water, but the head is still in the waves. As I watch his penis gently float in the waves, a strong ripple of pleasure moves though my groin, and my hand instinctively moves to between my legs. My legs are just slightly open, and my hand comes to rest on my freshly shaved mound. My eyes move to Jim's, but he's focused on my hand. I smile as I see his penis rise out of the water as it hardens, and open my legs a little more, but my hand still covers my opening.

"Maybe seeing this will improve your dive," I say as I slowly spread my fingers. The action not only allows him to see a glimpse of my pussy, but it opens me enough that he can see some pink motivation.

Jim pulls himself totally out of water, his eyes never leaving my pussy. He walks back to the diving board, and takes a few determined steps to the end. He's now fully hard, and as he bounces, his erection pounds against his stomach, and then slams down into his leg. His normally loose balls are pulled up to his body. It's just so amazing how fast he can get fully aroused!!

"You better like this one!" He yells, as he slops off the board in an awkward, almost silly wobble, and hits the water with a huge and loud splash. "Pretty good, huh??" He says as his head pops out of the water, but not really asking for my response. Instead of his normal breaststroke back to the ladder, he just floats to the surface on his back. His shoulders arch back, bringing his chest and thighs high out of the water. As he floats, he looks like a sailing ship with the sails down. His center pole reaches high to the sky, and gently sways back and forth as his body rocks in the waves. I get an even stronger ripple through my pussy as I watch his erection sway from side to side.

"OK, OK. That was a perfect 10," I loudly grumble as I stand and grab an air mattress. The alcohol hits my head, and I wobble a bit as I throw the mattress into the pool. I dive in, trying to land on it, but miss and land with a big splash. The mattress tries to escape across the pool, so I jump to retrieve it. "If you're still interested in that blowjob, get over here." Needless to say, he does his best water-jog to where I am, and looks at me with the most desperate I-want-a-good-sucking-look ever. "Get on the mattress and lay down." I command. As he slowly fumbles his way onto the mattress, I let the warm sunbeams caress my back. There is almost no breeze, and I can hear the faint sounds from the ocean just a few hundred feet away. A few people must be sunning or playing on the beach, as I can hear muffled sounds. And here I am, in a private pool just a few feet from them, readying to eat my husband. 

The water glistens on his chest, but I'm focused on his fully erect member. I take my tongue and run it over his balls and then up the underside of his shaft, stopping just at the rim. I flick my tongue up and down on the sensitive area at the back of the rim, and take great pleasure in the loud and uncontrollable groan he gives out. As I pull away, a huge drop of pre-cum grows at his tip, glistening in the sunlight and showing me my work is being appreciated. I put my thumb and forefinger at the base of his penis, and gently squeeze as I move them up his shaft. As I move up, the drop grows and sparkles with delight. I put the tip of my tongue into the drop, and slowly lift away. A slim sliver of the clear liquid extends from my tongue to his head, shimmering in the bright sun. I hold this position for a few seconds, and then drop my lips to his tip. I gently suck the drop from him, and lick its last remnants into my mouth. I drop my mouth completely over his head, until my lips are deep onto his shaft. I feel his head on my tongue, and I aggressively lash my tongue across his rim. My head moves fully up and down in long hard strokes, first driving him into my throat, and then letting the tip nearly escape. My hands are gripped to the mattress, and move his body up and down in time to my head motion. The sounds of my slurpigng, the noise of water splashing as I rock the mattress, and his crescendo of moans fill the air. I can taste his excitement, and his ecstasy is becoming mine. I keep sucking, harder and harder and he becomes louder and more agitated. What started as a controlled blowjob, has now becoming an all-out mouth-fuck, and I was ready for it!

Jim's hips buck wildly as he tries to drive his penis into my throat, and the mattress thrashes about in the pool, churning the water into an orgasmic frenzy. I grab the base of his penis with one hand so I can control the depth of his plunges, and cup his balls with my other hand. Even with my hands providing some constraint, his penis fills and stretches my mouth and throat. The splashing water fills my mouth with each suck, and at the top of each stroke I let it drain from my mouth. This water-action washes my lubricating saliva away, making his rise to climax slower and more pleasurably-agonizing than usual. He continues to use my mouth for several minutes, until his moaning stops and his thrusts slow. His back pushes the front of the mattress deep into the water, and his thighs thrust forward. I can feel the tension building in his balls as they further pull into his body. The base of his penis grows, and he groans out a desperate "I'm cumming."

He cums again and again, each spurt being a little less intense than the previous. Each time I can feel a small warmth as he cums, but his cum quickly mixes with the pool water and flows out of my mouth. My lips finally release him, and his whole body softens. The water has calmed, too, and the dense white strings that cloud the water near the raft are floating away. After a minute or so of quiet, Jim rolls off the mattress, rises to the surface, and says "Your turn."

Without any hesitation I jump onto the mattress, putting a leg on each side. Jim cups a hand on each breast, and gently caresses each, carefully flicking the nipples between his fingers. One hand slides down my stomach, and lands on my mound, letting the fingers loosely drag over my pussy. He lets a finger slide over my opening, and my pussy draws it in. I've only been out of the water for a minute or so, but I'm so lubricated and slippery that the finger slides in with no hesitation, and even anxiously takes it in. Even though he came less than five minutes ago, the feel of my warm and slippery pussy draws a loud "ohh that feels good" from Jim. 

Sometimes I need more foreplay, but between the sun, the booze, and Jim's ecstasy, I'm ready now and reach and grab the back of Jim's head. I pull him to me, and his mouth immediately and fully surrounds my pussy. I feel his tongue gently slide up and down my slit, and then start darting in and out of me. After a couple minutes of this, he stands up and pulls me and the mattress to the shallow end of the pool. There is a set of stairs that lead out of the pool, and he parks the mattress just before the first step. 

He grabs my hand, and leads me to the edge of the pool, and lifts me onto the coping. I lean back so my hands support me, with my butt right at the edge of the pool. The warm sun relaxes my whole body, and I feel his mouth on me again. Wave after wave of pleasure shoot through my pussy as Jim licks and sucks on my hood and clit. He stands, bringing his body out of the water, and I see he is now fully erect again. He moves in close, so that his hard penis rests on my mound. He puts his hands tightly around my neck, and slowly moves his hips away from me. As he does, his penis begins sliding around the curvature of my mound, and slowly moves down toward my opening. As he continues to pull back, his rod finally falls to the front of my slit, where it comes to rest in a pool of lubricating liquid. My pussy aches for penetration, but every one of my thrusts forward is met with a matching move back, leaving his dick teasing at the opening of my inner lips. 

While keeping his penis poised at my opening, he lowers his lips to mine, and gives me a hard, open kiss. His arms are still around my neck, and he pulls me closer and closer as our kiss extends to what seems like an eternity. As we kiss, I finally feel his dick moving into me, and my pussy pulses with anticipation. With each forward movement he pushes a little further in, and then withdraws until he is fully out of me. Each thrust pushes further in, until he finally is fully penetrating me. He moves his arms from my neck, and puts one hand on my breasts and the other begins stroking my clit. His strokes become long and hard, and continue in time with his clit-stroking. I close my eyes, and feel the warmth of the sun and the glow of the alcohol. The tension is building in my pussy, and I can feel my clit extending from its hiding place. 

Jim is pumping me hard now, and each thrust is accompanied by a loud splash and a large wave. I love the feeling of being slammed, but I want to feel his tongue on me again. "I want you to eat me. I want you to taste me cumming" I say softly. Although he feels like he's almost ready to cum, Jim pulls out, and drops his tongue to my clit. He puts three fingers in me, and rhythmically moves them in and out. The fingers of his other hand are stretching my hood, exposing even more of my clit. His tongue is working up and down each side of my clit, only occasionally stopping to flick its tip. Soon the whole world has stopped and I'm only aware of Jim's fingers and tongue. His licking is firm and steady, and I know my release is close. The tension and anticipation is becoming unbearable, and I feel my legs uncontrollably spreading farther apart. My legs spread so far that they hurt, but it's a reaction that is automatic, and I know the wider my legs get, the more intense the orgasm will be. I groan a low sexual sound, and my pussy starts with a slow, steady vibration. The vibrations grow with intensity, until my whole body is shaking. From deep inside I feel a tension building that makes my body arch and fully extend. Finally I lurch forward as the first spasm wracks my body. The release is centered in my pussy, but the pleasure ripples to every cell in my body. Wave after wave of spasm shoot through me, each one less intense, but the pleasure and satisfaction grow. After more than a minute, my pussy contracts for the last time, and my body collapses into complete satisfaction, and I succumb to the exhaustion, alcohol, and sun.

When I wake, I'm covered in a light sheet, and laying in a big cushioned and comfy lounge chair. Jim is in the chair next to me, and I smile as I come into reality. He's still naked, and I take a long, slow look at his body. My eyes stop at his groin, as his dick is fully hard, and is bouncing with enthusiasm.

"I could hardly wait until you woke up. I almost starting screwing you while you were asleep." He said anxiously. 

"I just had one of the biggest orgasms of my life." I responded. "If you want to cum again, you'll have to do all the work. You're welcome to use my pussy any way that you want, but don't expect it to move too much!!" I can usually cum at least a couple times in a sex session, but I'm pretty sexually exhausted right now.

"I'm OK with that. Just open up and I'll take care of myself," he said.

With that I stand up, turn around, and kneel on the couch. I bend over from the waist, spread my knees wide apart, and put my face down on the seat. I hear a muffled "oh yeah", as I feel Jim kneeling behind me. I can almost hear his erection growing!!

"Just keep it in the right opening," I warn, "or you'll be finishing yourself with your right hand!" I feel Jim's hard member press against my pussy, and then enter me. Jim's not particularly long, but there's something about this position that makes him feel like a 12 inch porn star. He just keeps moving into me, further and further, until I'm totally filled. He slips easily inside of me, and his pace and the force of his thrusts quickly increase. Within just a couple minutes, he's pounding into my pussy, and I can hear his thighs slapping into my butt, and I feel his balls banging against me at the end of his strokes. I don't know if it's the way he's slamming me, or the sun, or the pina coladas, but I feel a wave of tingles flow through my pussy. Even as he begins to rise to his climax, I decide that I can probably cum again, too. I suddenly sit up, pushing his penis out of me. 

"What are you doing?" He pleads. "I'm just a few strokes from cumming!!" I turn to face him, and see some white drops forming at the tip of his penis. The site of him so close excites me further, and the pulsations in my pussy let me know I did the right thing.

"Lay down." Is all I say. Looking desperate and in pain, he lays flat on the chair, except for his huge erection. I kneel on the couch over him, with one knee on each side of him. I reach back an firmly grab his penis, and while holding him, slowly lower myself onto his dick. I bend down to him, and lay close to his chest so that my breasts lay on his chest. I put my arms around his neck, and begin slowly sliding up and down on him. With each forward and back motion his penis goes in and out of me, and gives my clit intense and direct stimulation. I begin increasing the pace of my sliding, and the feelings grow intense in my clit. I grab firmly around his neck, and draw my body tightly to his. I hold so firmly that I can no longer slide on him, but change the motion so my hips are rising and falling in rhythm, driving him in and out of me. After a few minutes of this, his hands grab my waist, and he begins lifting me off him, and then pulling me into him. Even though I am still on top, he is able to set the speed and depth of my fucking. 

I release myself from his grip, stand, and help him stand up. I sit at the very end of the couch, lay flat, and spread my legs wide. He drops to his knees between my legs, and in a single motion, buries his dick deep inside me. He puts a hand on each knee, and presses my legs even further apart. He is driving himself into me, and he is now focused completely on cumming. I love his abandoned lust, and I know my pussy is in complete control of him. The feeling of complete power, while at the same time being completely taken, brings me to the edge. 

My legs instinctively spread farther apart as my climax nears. I feel the vibrations start again, and the contractions explode around his dick. My hips drive to meet each of his thrusts, and the noise of our colliding groins fills the air. As I start my second wave of spasms, I feel his first warm stream hit deep within me. Each of my spasms is met with a new feeling of his warmth. He stops thrusting, but I still feel my pussy pulsating around him. After a couple minutes, my pussy is finally calm, and he drops to my chest, both of us exhausted. His softening penis falls out of me, and I feel myself drift away as the man of my dreams softly snores.