 Chapter One: The Hookup.

It was Boxing Day in Far North Queensland and the guests were arriving for the pool party at the house I was sharing. 

I was sharing with a single woman in her late thirties and she had several single friends, but I had maintained an impeccable relationship with the friends and had not hit on any of them, preferring to let them make the first move (if that was going to happen).

I'd been living there for a couple of months so far and whilst I wasn't in the "Circle of Trust" with the girls, I was sitting close enough to it to hear the conversations. Whilst they never directly discussed intimate acts, there was enough detail in the conversations to let me know their sexual activity, and it was surprising.

My previous theories of feminine sex drives was revolutionised by this interaction. 

I realised that women were as sexually driven as men, but had far greater opportunity to partake of casual sex. I always knew it, but these girls were all active.

My house mate usually had a different lover every couple of weeks and one of her friends had an average of two casual lovers a week! 

I heard a story that one of the women, a petite firecracker called Sam who had a teenage son, had actually fucked one of his mates! She was very petite, short and very "open" about sexual matters. In fact she openly refered to anal sex in a conversation with me.

Truth be known, I had the major hots for her and I think it was reciprocated in a way, but I never had the opportunity to close the deal. In fact, I half hoped she might put out at this party.

One of the friends brought another friend, a slender, youthful looking brunette who appeared to be in her late twenties. Her name was Carol. Carol had a nice smile and kind eyes. her figure was petite, with slim hips and small breasts on a 5'4' frame. She looked to be in her twenties.

In my life I worked out that it's creepy to hit on a woman less than half your age plus seven years, but it's OK to reciprocate if they hit on you! I'm in my late forties, so mid thirties is my lower limit. Plus, they have to be showing some interest.

There were several bikini clad hotties in the pool and they invited me to join them. The drinks were flowing and I was chatting to the group but noticed Carol was hanging around near me. We chatted to each other, finding out more about ourselves.

Earlier I had loaned my house mate some cash for a dinner run and to my surprise she came up to me that afternoon and explained that she didn't have the cash at this time, but she had an extra Ecstasy Pill and would I like it? Everyone was partaking, so I decided to join the group and take the pill. I'd had them before on occasion and I definitely wasn't a square.

Carol and I chatted, she sat in her black bikini, with bows to tie the front and rear together meeting over her slender hips. She lounged on the side of the pool and was directly interested in me. She had very slender legs and small pert looking breasts and I found myself attracted to her. 

I'm reasonably attractive, but there were only a few males at the party and she looked so young that I found myself flattered by her attention.

After a while, Carol got up from the edge of the pool and asked me to join her on the outdoor couch in the shade, I climbed out of the pool, towelled off, slipped into a shirt but left it unbuttoned and joined her on the couch.

Immediately I sat next to her, Carol put her arm around me and gave me a cuddle. I thought that she was too young for me and it was probably the effects of the drugs that made her all touchy feely, so I went with it, but restrained my baser urges. We were chatting and she was whispering in my ear, I stroked her legs, but didn't try to close the deal.

After a while I felt her mouth close to my ear and heard her breath. "Are you homosexual?" She asked.

"No!" I replied, shocked that she had asked. 

I'm well spoken and a gentlemen but that doesn't necessarily make me gay. 

Just 'cause I'm not groping her means I'm gay?

"Then what's wrong?" She asked. "Why are you holding back? Don't you want to have some fun?"

"Well," I replied "it's not that I'm not attracted to you, but you're a little young for me and I don't want to get a rep as a creep. I have to live here!"

"Honey," she replied "just how old do you think I am?"

"Well, you look to be in your late twenties!" I said. "You're beautiful and I really am having trouble holding back here!"

"Oh, sweetheart!" she breathed into my ear, "you're so hunky, I'm thirty four!"

"Well," I replied with a smile starting to spread on my face, "that's half my age plus seven years!"

I grazed her ear with my lips and whispered, "You are a beautiful courtesan, but I don't want to go too far in public."

"You live here don't you?" she replied.

"I don't want to get a rep as a sleaze bag." I replied.

"Honey, it's just a bit of fun!" she breathed into my ear.

I was getting really turned on now but I didn't want to cause a scene. I looked around and there were a few people scattered around the pool and the outdoor setting. No-one seemed to be observing me, so I leaned towards Carol and kissed her.

She opened her mouth and I felt her tongue probe for mine, I returned the caress of her tongue. We kissed passionately and I lost track of time. I felt her stroking my back and my thighs and I became aroused in my board shorts. She slipped her hand inside my shirt and curled my chest hair around her slender fingers.

"I love a real man with a hairy chest," she cooed. "What else is hairy?"

"You'll have to find out young lady!"

"I want to find out!" she replied.

At this point I figured that we were two consenting adults and she wanted me to take the lead in the seduction. I had barely restrained myself from caressing her sexual zones, in case I was being put on show. Further, my house mate had provided me the drugs, so I thought I could cover any accusation of being a sexual predator...

"Well, we can't do that here babe, you wanna move this party inside?" I smiled.

"I thought you'd never ask!" she smiled back.

"Play it cool," I said, "my room is the door on the left beyond the kitchen and I'll head in there now, you follow in a couple minutes, everyone will know, but what the fuck, I want you!"

"You go in lover and I'll see you in a minute." She smiled.

I got up and moved into the house, my house mate was in the kitchen and she gave me a wink as I walked past to my room.

"How YOU doing?" My house mate asked with a wicked grin on her face.

"Real fuckin' good!" I replied. "That "pinger" has got me going!" I went into my room, closing the door behind me to hide my blushing face.

I waited in the room, not knowing what would happen next. Was Carol setting me up, putting me on show? Would she follow through with the meeting?

I put on some smooth music and sat on the edge of my bed waiting for Carol to come into my room, I turned on the bedside lamp and closed the blinds over the window.

I heard my house mate outside the room say: "He's a nice guy, don't fuck him over!"

She must be hanging outside the room, talking to Carol.

"He's a hunk and I'm into him." Carol replied, opening the door to the room.

"You kids have fun now!" said my house mate, peering into the room and smiling a big dirty smile at me. "And use protection!" she laughed. 

Carol came into the room, blushing furiously. I was glad I hadn't stripped off and posed naked on the bed!

Carol walked into the room and unbuttoned the long shirt she had been wearing over her bikini, I inhaled as I took in her slender body. 

"You're really hot!" I said as she threw herself into my arms, knocking us onto the bed. 

We kissed passionately and Carol straddled me with her slender thighs, grinding her bikini clad pussy against my growing bulge. 

Her hands went to my face and she held my head in her hands as our tongues snaked into each other's mouths. Carol kissed me passionately and I felt the heat of her sex above my steadily hardening cock.

After some time, Carol sat up and removed her bikini top. In the light of the lamp her small breasts were a perfect, 28b cup with small dark nipples as hard as pencil erasers. I reached for her breasts to caress them, but she knocked my hands away. 

"Let's see you now." She breathed and started unbuttoning my Hawaiian shirt, revealing my chest. 

"Mmmmmm", she cooed 'a nice hairy chest!"

Carol twisted my chest hair in her slender fingers and ground her pussy down on my fully erect penis. 

"That's so fuckin' hot!" she growled. 

I stroked her flanks as I pushed my groin towards her mound, feeling the warmth of it on my loins.

"So what else is hairy?" She smiled down at me. "I wanna find out!"

Carol slid down my thighs and grabbed at the waistband of my board shorts. Pulling them down, my hard cock caught on the waistband and when she had revealed the shaft, and pulled a little further, the cockhead sprang free and snapped back against my belly.

"Wow" Carol smiled, admiringly "I love a cut cock baby!"

"All the better to fuck you with, babe!" I replied.

Carol grasped my cock and it twitched in her grip, she pulled down and put pressure on the base of my cock and pre cum oozed out of my slit. 

"Oooh baby, you need a good fucking blow!" she smiled, "so you can fuck me longer later!" She added as she slid down my legs, grinding her pussy against my knee and got face to face with my member. 

"Hello" she said to my cock. "I'm gonna milk you dry tonight!"

Carol's hair fell over her face as she licked my shaft up and down with her tongue, My balls constricted and I felt more pre cum gush out of me. 

"Mmmmmmm baby , you're full of cum aren't you?" she said.

"Suck my cock, babe" I groaned.

"Your wish is my command!" She laughed and took my glans into her hot wet mouth, I gasped as I felt her envelop me.

In the lamplight I could see the cheeks of her face suck in as she applied a vacuum to my cock head. Carol's tongue twirled around my aroused and sensitive glans. I swear I felt her try to stick her tongue down my slot, she rubbed her tongue on the sensitive underside of the glans and I had to grab the sheets.

I heard a "pop" as Carol released my cock from the confines of her mouth. "I love sucking your cock baby!" she moaned "Fuck it's so fucking hard!"

"I love you sucking it babe!" I gasped. She enveloped me again, this time taking my length in total and pressing my knob into her throat. 

"Fuck!" I gasped, "Fuckin' suck my fuckin' cock!"

Carol began to throat me and her head moved up and down my length, My balls constricted as they neared a climax. 

"Babe, if you keep that up, I'm gonna blow" I gasped.

She removed my cock from her mouth pinched it just below the head, pressing on the nerve and resetting my near climax. 

She smiled up at me and said: "I know what I'm doing here and I'm enjoying myself for a while longer before you get a shot away baby, but don't worry, when you blow I'm not gonna waste it!"

I had only met a few fellatrixes in my life and I knew I was now in the hands of an expert cock worshipper, a woman at the peak of her prime who loved cock, who used her mouth and throat like a pussy to extract the maximum amount of cum from a man. 

Fellatrixes can orgasm without being touched. When the cock ejaculates, they build their sense of self worth on how hard they can make a man cum. They pride themselves on how much jism they can work out of a man's balls.

Time after time I felt my rock hard cock head swell up and my aching balls clench inside my scrotum as Carol dragged me to the edge of the cliff. Just as I was about to blow, she pinched my cock between finger and thumb , just under the knob and the nerve knocked off my orgasm.

When she slowed me down I could hear her muttering 

"Not yet baby, not yet. Fuck I love sucking you." she breathed to my cock.

During this servicing, her cunt was grinding on my leg, fucking my knee and dripping through her bikini bottoms She was lost in cock and living to suck.

After letting me cool down, her head returned to my penis and she began to throat me again.

After about six rounds of excitement, engorgement and almost ejaculation, the next time she descended to engulf me, I reached down and grabbed her head with both hands, forcing my cock into her throat. To my surprise, the raised herself and shook my hands off with a reddened mouth and spittle shining on her chin and nose from her ministrations.

"Not till you blow babe! When you blow you can fuck my face, but for now I'M in charge!" she gasped.

It seemed like hours, but who complains about a blow job being too long? Carol treated my dick like it was her property. My cock was fat and hard and her spit was drenching my cock and balls.

Carol was not ignoring the balls either, her spit made them slippery and she grasped them in her fist, stretching my scrotum away from my body, squeezing them in her fingers and letting them get ready to deliver the sperm she prized so much. As she squeezed and stroked my balls, I couldn't help but notice her slender fingers were skimming my ass hole.

In the throes of passion I cried, "Suck my fucking balls babe!" 

I looked down to see Carol had enveloped both my testicles with her mouth and I could feel her tongue lashing my testes. My rigid pole stood rampart in front of her face, the purple, swollen throbbing head glistening with saliva in the lamplight.

"Now HUM babe!" I cried. She began to hum with my balls in her mouth and the vibration was exquisite, relaxing and arousing at the same time.

Once again I heard a pop as Carol sucked as hard as she could and moved her face away from my groin, my nut sack stretching away from my body to her mouth until there was no flesh left to cover the gap and I felt my bollocks slap against my ass.

"Fuck!" I cried. "That was awesome!"

"You like that baby?" She cooed.

"For sure babe." I answered.

Carol reached for my ball bag again and I felt her index finger on my ass hole. She pressed her finger against my ass and asked "Do you like THIS?"

"Fucken A babe!" I replied. "Who doesn't mind a little anal play?"

"You're awesome baby!" She smiled coyly.

"I'm real glad we crossed that fence babe" I said. "Now not that I'm not lovin' what you're doing here, but I really need to get a shot away." 

"You gonna cum for me babe?" she asked.

"You're gonna think you busted an Ostrich egg!" I replied. "Where do you want it babe?" I asked.

Carol looked into my eyes and smiled. "I worked so hard baby, it's be a shame to waste it! How bout you fuck my face to a finish?"

"Get on your knees babe, I blow harder when I'm standing!" I commanded. 

Carol slipped off the bed and knelt on the floor, placing her hands behind her back, smiling at me.

"Use me baby!" she cried.

I stepped in front of her and grasped her hair. 

"You know what would be really hot babe?" I asked.

"How 'bout you rub my freckle as I blow?"

"You ARE a dirty boy!" She replied.

And so now I took her mouth, used it as a pussy, pistoning my cock deep into her throat.

I could feel Carol's hands on my ass cheeks, puling me into her throat, I could see her nose pressed into my pubic hair. I held her head against my groin and shook it. I tapped her throat to encourage her to gag on my cock head, enjoying the constrictions.

My orgasm started to build in my nut sack, Carol's finger rubbed the outside of my ass hole, I pulled my cock back until just the swollen head was in her mouth, my glans flaring as her cheeks hollowed with the suction Carol was putting onto my cock, her eyes watering and tears flowing down her cheeks from the battering and the gagging.

Carol thrust her finger into my spasming ass hole and I erupted, wave after wave of cum ejaculating into her mouth, my knees trembling and my balls quaking as I emptied myself into her.

Her finger seemed to brush my prostate, encouraging more semen to pump from my cock into her mouth. 

She swallowed frantically as I emptied into her. I pumped my cock back into her throat and pressed her chin against my balls, my ass hole quaking on her finger and wave after wave of pleasure exploded from my cock.

I collapsed back onto the bed and lay there quaking in post orgasmic relief, Carol climbed onto me and looked at me with a funny smile on her face, she closed her eyes and kissed me on the mouth.

I could taste my semen on her lips.

Chapter Two: Cunnilingus

Carol's hands grabbed my arms and pinned them behind my head, she slid up to sit on my chest and said:

"So let's see if you can give it as good as you can take it!"

I could feel the juiciness of her hot slot on my chest, even through her soaked bikini bottoms. 

This woman had just spent the best part of an hour sucking me off, so I certainly owed her some orgasms in return...

Carol reached one hand down to her hips and pulled at the strings of her bikini bottoms, the black fabric fell away and I saw her bush for the first time. 

There was a fair bit of bush on her pussy, more than a landing strip, but I like to see a woman look like a woman, not a child.

She slid up my chest and hovered over my mouth. 

I craned my neck and rubbed my face on her pussy, smearing her juices on my nose and chin. 

She tasted like butter and honey mixed together.

Carol lowered herself onto my up-stretched face and ground her clitoris against my nose. I lapped her labia with my tongue, trying to insert myself into her hot wetness as far as possible.

She moaned and kept grinding my face "Eat my box! Lick me out!" She moaned.

I was held passive with my arms pinned over my head, my face full of hot wet pussy and juices all over my tongue and mouth, she was fucking MY face! Carol started grinding faster and faster, growling and humping my mouth. 

Suddenly her body became rigid as her first orgasm overwhelmed her. Juices flooded into my mouth and I could see her belly muscles spasm as she came.

"Oooh, you bastard!" She cried, "Fuck!"

She bucked and rode my mouth, grinding against my chin and nose, smearing me with her wetness.

Carol subsided and collapsed on her side, releasing my arms, still shuddering occasionally from her orgasm. It had little to do with me, I was just providing the face for her to grind on, but now I could return her favours and give her some multiple squirting orgasms.

"Well you got that one away in a hurry" I whispered in her ear as I spooned her.

"I really needed that baby," she replied, "That was the build up and release from sucking your cock. It got me so fucking hot!"

I reached down to her pussy and pressed my palm against her labia with moderate pressure, she moaned and pressed her pubic mound back against my hand.

"Now it's my turn to provide the oral pleasure," I whispered as I slid down her body whilst grasping her knee and spreading her legs towards me. 

My tongue traced her inner thigh to her labia, skimmed up across her bush and looped down to her taint.

I pulled my head back, pushed her knees up to lift her ass from the bed and lowered my head towards her centre. I extended my tongue and lightly licked her from her ass crack, across her rosebud and up her labia to her clitoris. Carol gasped twice as this feather like stimulation hit her most sensitive spots.

I proceeded to lick around her pussy and across her labia, occasional drawing a gasp as I flicked the clitoris with my tongue. The pattern had a certain random nature to it, but a regular stimulation of her entire sex was my goal. I was rewarded with a renewed flow of pussy juice and the occasional moan and groan.

I stroked her pussy with one finger as I ate her out and gently inserted my index finger into her vagina as the pleasure progressed. She thrust down and moaned in response. I took it slow and teasing, just like she did to me, but I wasn't holding back the orgasm like she had to do to me. I could make her come as many times as I liked!
