 Eric had never understood how he got along so well with Danielle. There were no romantic feelings between them, but they were best friends, even though they were polar opposites; Eric was tall, skinny, quiet and unsocial while Danielle was fairly short, pleasantly plump in a Brandy Talore-ish way, busty, outgoing and promiscuous. They had known each other since they were kids and lived in the same California city their whole lives. Eric was now 21 and Danielle 20. He was still studying while she worked in a music store as a clerk. They often spent time together, occasionally meeting at "The Shack", a restaurant near her workplace. Today was Friday, the end of their working week. Eric wore pants, a white shirt and Converse sneakers while Danielle wore a jeans miniskirt, a maroon tube top with the logo "YOU CALL ME SLUT LIKE IT'S A BAD THING" and sandals. She was carrying a bag the size of a common shopping bag.

"Eric," she called out from the street.

His face quickly brightened up when he saw her, a reaction few other circumstances could make him do, and they hugged.

"Good to see you," he said.

They walked to the table together, the sun shining brightly on the sky. Eric ordered a tuna salad and Danielle a burger with curly fries. They went on conversing for a while.

"By the way," Danielle said, "I'm watching a beach house for a few months."

"A few months? That's an awfully long time."

"The owners will be living in New York for a while. Some business trip. Anyway, they pay me a few hundred bucks a month and allow me to use the house pool and hot tub as a bonus."

"Good for you."

"Anyway, I'll be going there as soon as we're finished here and go for a swim. Wanna tag along?"

Eric considered it for a moment.

"Sure, sounds fun."

"I'm not keeping you from anything, am I?"

"No, nothing."

Eric was telling the truth. He really had no plans for the weekend. He was surprised that Danielle didn't.

"You finished," she asked and gestured at his nearly empty plate.

"Yeah, sure. I just gotta go home and pick up a pair of trunks."

"It's okay, I brought a pair you left at my apartment last week. Figured you'd say yes."

"Well, who can say no to you?"

She smiled.

"Come on, then."

She put cash to pay for her meal next to the bill on the table and got up. Eric did the same and followed her quickly.

"Did you drive here," she asked.

"Yeah."

"We'll take your car then. I'll show you the way."

She brought along her bag and got in the car.

Danielle guided Eric to a lone beach house a few miles away from the city. It was surrounded entirely by forest and ocean, had a large pool of various depths, including a kids' pool (which somehow seemed redundant) and a hot tub on the porch.

"Are the owners millionaires or something," Eric asked when they got out of the car.

"I think so, yes. They can afford to pay me hundreds per month just to water their plants, so..."

She gestured at him to follow her.

"Come on, the pool's here."

She hurried excited towards the edge of the water, followed by Eric.

"Aren't you gonna change?"

"Of course I am," Danielle replied and started undressing on the spot.

"Wait just a-" Eric started but didn't finish when she got to her underwear.

"Don't like it, don't watch," she teased him and kept on undressing, constantly looking at him. Eric wanted to avert his eyes, but couldn't take his eyes of her nude body. She giggled when his gaze slipped down to her clean-shaven pussy.

"Think I'm sexy," she asked as she slipped into a green swimsuit. Eric was simply confounded. He hadn't seen her naked since they were kids. She made a quick dash to the pool's edge and dove in. She stayed below the surface for a few seconds before resurfacing and gasping for air. Her long, brown hair hung flat into the water.

"You coming," she called out to Eric who cautiously approached the pool and squatted down next to the edge.

"How's the water?"

"It's perfect. Come on in."

"Let me just go change."

"Don't be silly, change here."

Eric looked at her in disbelief.

"Here?"

"You watched me change, you kinda owe me."

"I'm not sure-"

"Oh, come on," Danielle said, reached up from the water, grabbed Eric's shirt and pulled him down into the water. There was a brief moment of disorientation when his head was submerged. His nostrils filling up with chlorine water, he quickly swam up. Danielle was laughing hysterically. For some reason, he just couldn't get himself to be mad at her, in fact he almost laughed himself.

"So how is it," she asked still laughing.

"Pretty good," Eric said and started swimming towards the edge, "but it's probably better if you wear swimwear."

He climbed out of the pool, water pouring down from his hair and clothes.

"You coming back in," Danielle asked.

"In just a minute," Eric said as he unbuttoned his shirt while she watched him.

"Could you avert your eyes," he asked.

"I could, but I won't."

Eric didn't argue with her and took off his pants.

"Didn't know you're a boxers guy," Danielle teased him playfully.

"Are my trunks in the bag?"

"Nope."

"Then where?"

"Still at my place," she said, smiling.

Eric had a sudden realization.

"You planned this, didn't you?"

Danielle shrugged.

"Yeah, I guess."

Eric was still unable to be mad at her.

"Just wear your boxers, then," she said.

Eric shrugged and jumped into the water.

"There you go," Danielle said and swam to him. They both just floated in the water next to each other. Eric then swam to the other end of the pool, which kept getting shallower the further he came. Finally, he came to a section shallow enough to wallow in and stood up.

"Wonder why they have a kids' pool," he said.

"Guests, maybe," Danielle said abstractly.

Eric noticed a control panel near a few sun chairs with cushions. Their head-ends were positioned in a 45-degree angle. He went to it to take a look. There were a few buttons on it with some kind of intensity controls. He reached for one of them and turned it clockwise. Suddenly, a stream of water, maybe a few feet tall, started spouting out of the shallow end.

"Whoa," Danielle exclaimed.

"Wonder what this setup cost," Eric mused. Danielle got to the stream and held her hand in it to feel its intensity. Eric turned the other controls, turning on five other streams.

"Could you turn this one down a bit," she asked. Eric obliged. Danielle told him stop when the stream was tall enough to reach her hips. She walked right over it.

"Hey," she said as though an idea had just popped into her head. She looked on the stream as though she was considering something. She then smiled, looked around as though to make sure that nobody else was watching and stood with her feet on each side of the stream, the water being pressured onto her clit.

"What are you doing," Eric asked suspicious.

Danielle didn't answer and started gasping lightly, almost like she was being tickled. She then walked a few paces away from the stream, looked at Eric and suddenly removed the straps that kept the top of her swimsuit up. It stuck to her skin, so she pulled a part of it down herself slowly, seductively. Eventually, her wet tits were uncovered, her nipples erect. She winked at Eric, smiling, and squeezed them gently before taking off the swimsuit completely. After throwing it aside onto a sun chair, she stretched out in the sun, just like she had been released of some tormenting bonds. She stood on the stream again, her legs slightly wider apart. She stood there for a second, Eric watching almost hypnotized, and started moaning faintly.

"Oh my god," she whimpered as the water pummeled her clit. She grabbed her tits again, squeezing them harder than before and stroking her body.

"Oh, fuck," she moaned loudly, "that feels so good on my clit!"

Suddenly she stopped and looked at Eric, grinning widely. He paused for a second when he realized that she was looking at his crotch and looked down himself; without noticing it, he had started to jerk off at the sight of her being fucked by the water.

"Oh, Eric," she laughed delighted.

Eric quickly pulled up his boxers, although his erect dick couldn't be concealed the way he was dressed.

"Sorry, I don't know what-"

Danielle approached him.

"Do I turn you on," she asked flirtatiously. "Do you want to fuck me?"

Eric couldn't get himself to back away, even when she stood right in front of him, grabbed his wrists and placed his hands on her tits.

"Do you want to squeeze these," she whispered and moved her face within inches from his.

Eric didn't know what to answer. When he looked at her body, he wanted to suck on her tits, he wanted to lick her pussy, he wanted to fuck her and watch her body convulse with pleasure. She could apparently tell this from the look of his eyes almost instantly and laughed with delight.

"It's okay," she said comforting, "this has never been your strong side."

"No, it hasn't," he replied quietly. "Why are you doing this?"

"I want to have sex with you," she said casually, "that's all. I'm horny, I haven't had sex in six weeks now and, well, I want to try it with you. We've known each other long enough, don't you think?"

Eric placed his hands on her back and stroked it gently, feeling her erect nipples against his chest.

"Why me?"

"Why not you?"

"There is a whole city of available people who could probably do it better."

Danielle placed her hands on his cheeks.

"I want you right now, okay?"

She moved closer and kissed him, the tip of their tongues touching each other.

"Come on," she said, grabbed his wrist and led him to the shallow end of the pool. For some reason, the sound of the water streams crashing was very comforting, as though it isolated that body of water from the rest of the world. She got squatted in front of him and pulled down his soaked boxers, causing his cock to spring out.

"Oh my," Danielle said delighted. She moved her legs apart a bit further, holding a tight grip around Eric's cock. She moved her hand back and forward across the shaft, watching him gasp with pleasure.

"You like that, don't you?"

She slowed down her pace a bit to prevent him from coming too soon.

"I asked you if you like it, please answer."

"I like it," Eric panted.

"Good boy."

She exposed the head of his cock and licked it, causing him to groan. She smiled and put most of his dick in her mouth. He moaned when he felt her warm, wet tongue sensing every inch of it. She moved her legs just a little bit further apart, exposing her pussy, and started rubbing her clit. She made some short moans as she started moving her lips back and forwards across the cock, sucking it gleefully. After a while, Eric felt like he was about to climax.

"I'm gonna come," he groaned. Danielle stopped immediately and stood up, stroking his body.

"You held out longer than I expected," she said impressed. "That's good, we have plenty of time and I am so horny."

Eric started stroking her as well.

"Do you want to fuck me," she asked lustfully.

"I want to fuck you."

Danielle grinned.

"Feels good to say it, doesn't it?"

"It feels fucking great."

Danielle led him to the sun chairs and lied down on it so her lower body was on the foot-end and spread her legs, exposing her pussy which was wet from both the water and its own juices. She rubbed her clit gently, looking into Eric's eyes seductively.

"I sucked your cock. Now I want you to lick my pussy."

Eric got down on his knees in front of her, his face inches from her body. He moved closer, trembling, and slowly stuck out his tongue.

"You've never licked a pussy before," Danielle asked.

"No, I haven't."

She grabbed the back of his head and pushed his face towards her pink, exposed clit. He was shocked for a second, but then felt the sweet taste of her juices and grabbed her thighs and started licking aggressively with no further hesitation.

"Whoa," she exclaimed and laughed, her eyes wide open, "you're good at this." She started moaning, rested her head on the chair and grabbed his head.

"Oh, God..."

She started breathing deeply and convulsing with pleasure.

"Keep it up, don't stop..."

Eric's tongue apparently hit one of her most sensitive spots, causing her whole torso to rise as though she had been shocked by a defibrillator and scream out:

"Stop, stop..."

Eric stopped and looked up.

"I thought you said 'don't stop'?"

Danielle panted, her heart racing.

"Sorry, you hit a sweet spot. It always makes me feel like I'm gonna come."

"You don't want that?"

She chuckled, sat up and placed her hands on his cheeks.

"Not right away. I haven't been properly fucked yet and neither have you."

She got off the chair and gestured at Eric to get on it. He sat down on the foot-end and was gently pushed on the chest.

"Lie down, silly," Danielle said. Eric did as she told and moved his body up a bit, his cock standing right up. Danielle sat astraddle on him, her labia placed directly on the shaft of his dick without it actually entering and moved back and forward slowly, stimulating her clit.

"I'm gonna ride you. I'm gonna ride your cock and it will feel so fucking good," she whispered. Eric grabbed her ass and moved his hands up her back. Her body shivered even though they were in the sunlight. She leaned forward and kissed him gently, her breasts being pressed against his chests. She sat up a bit, holding herself up with one arm while grabbing his dick and placing its head inside her pussy. She paused for a few seconds just to savor the anticipation they both felt. She then lowered her body, the shaft of Eric's cock easily sliding into her dripping-wet pussy. They both gasped and closed their eyes intensely.

"Fuck," they both exclaimed almost simultaneously. Danielle bent forward a bit, allowing Eric to embrace her.

"Does it feel good," Eric whispered, his rock-hard cock deep inside her warm pussy.

"It feels so great."

She made a quick forward-and-back movement. They both gasped as his cock left and re-entered her. She kept repeating the motion faster and faster, pleasure rippling throughout their bodies every time.

"Oh, God," Eric moaned, "this is amazing."

Danielle chuckled.

"You're pretty good, you know."

She sat up straight without his dick leaving her body, holding her body up with her arms placed on Eric's chest, and started riding him for real, her tits bouncing and her upper body making convulsing with pleasure.

"Fuck," she yelped.

She removed her hands from Eric and used them to stroke herself, moaning loudly. Eric reached up and grabbed her tits.

"Squeeze them. Squeeze them hard," Danielle pleaded.

He clenched them a bit.

"Harder," she said aggressively without quitting her fucking.

Eric tightened his grip, causing her to scream with pleasure:

"Like that! Just like that!"

She increased her pace, making quick moans between the filling-ups of her pussy. Suddenly she stopped and leaned forward, seemingly exhausted.

"I want you to be on top," she said panting and got up. Eric followed immediately.

She grabbed his hand and led him to the shallowest end of the pool. The water was only a few inches deep. The two of them got down on their knees in it, facing and embracing each other.

"I so want to fuck you right now," Eric said lustfully.

Danielle smiled.

"You really like saying it, don't you?"

He nodded. She moved her face forward and whispered into his ear:

"How do you want to fuck me?"

She grabbed his dick and made light jerking movements.

"Gently?"

She tightened her grip and jerked him off faster, causing him to gasp and moan.

"Hard?"

She looked into his eyes, delighted at seeing the lust in them.

"That's not it, right? You seem to be more the gentle type. But you like to do it hard as well, if it pleases the girl."

She gave him a gentle kiss, then lay down on her back with her legs spread, her body partially under water.

"Come here."

Eric carefully lied down on top of her, his cock placed at the entrance of her pussy, and was embraced by her. They made out for a while, stroking each others' bodies.

"I want you so much right now," he whispered as he felt the warmth of the sun on his back.

She smiled, her eyes begging him to fuck her.

"Stick it in," she said.

Eric made a thrusting motion and she felt his dick enter her again and gasped.

"Oh, God!"

Eric fucked her faster, the water by their lower bodies being splashed by the constant motion. She moaned louder and louder:

"Fuck, that feels great!"

She embraced him around his back. The coolness of the water seemed to affect her pleasure, although neither negatively nor positively. He started moaning as well from the pleasure their bodies generated. Danielle started feeling her pussy muscles retract, pre-orgasmically.

"Stop," she panted. He stopped his movements and just lay on top of her a while.

"How long do you want to keep this up?"

"Let's come together this time."

"Saved your favorite position for last?"

She nodded, smiling brightly.

"How do you want it?"

"Doggystyle, pussy. I want you to come inside me and shoot your hot load into my pussy."

Eric had absolutely no objections to her choice and got up on his knees. She giggled at the sight of him on his knees, his cock still hard as rock and glistening with her juices and his precum, and got up on all fours, her clean-shaven pussy exposed.

"Come on," she called out, "fuck me till we both come."

Eric quickly pushed his cock into her. It was easy as her pussy were already soaking wet as well as stretched out, and yet it was still tight. They moaned loudly, no longer making any effort with delaying their orgasms. He started thrusting his dick in and out of her pussy, filling her up over and over.

"Jesus fucking Christ," he moaned at the sight of his member sliding in and out of her, just below her nice, shapely ass, and grabbed her buttocks.

"Come on, sweetie," she told him, "final round, now."

Eric clenched harder and fucked her as fast as he could, their wet bodies smacking together. Suddenly, she felt her pussy tighten once again, both of them feeling a gigantic orgasm coming up.

"I'm gonna come," she shouted.

"Me too."

"Then do it, sweetie. Come now!"

Their was maybe half a second during which they both felt absolutely nothing, not the hot sun, the cool water or their bodies against each other, followed by a massive explosion of pleasure within them. It was as though every inch of them were drawn inwards. They both screamed with pleasure until they had no air left in their lungs, Eric's huge load of hot cum being shot into Danielle's pussy. He continued making slow fucking motions, riding out their climaxes, before pulling out. They both felt the strength of their limbs fading away and tried to avoid collapsing with their faces below the water. They crawled to the pool's shore side-by-side, lied down in a spoon position and fell asleep, completely drained of energy.

Eric woke up later on a sun-chair with a towel around his pelvis area. He had no idea what time it was, but the sun had moved since he had fallen asleep. Danielle sat on the other chair, dressed in the clothes she had come there with. Eric's clothes lay neatly folded on her lap.

"Hey there, sleepy-head," she said happily.

"What time is it," he groaned, still half-asleep.

"Almost 5:30. We were at it for a while. You're clothes are nice and dry, by the way. The sun dried them like leaves in a hot oven."

As Eric began sitting up, he felt a searing pain on the skin on his back. Danielle laughed.

"You were just a bit burned by the sun. Sorry, you probably took the most of it as you were on top at the end."

She brought out a bottle of lotion.
