 You're relaxed in your poolside chair, head back, the sun warm on your skin.

Over the course of the morning, the number of people around the pool has risen and fallen, but there's been one constant. The Stranger with the blue eyes. You've noticed him looking at you from time to time, and when your eyes meet you can't keep his gaze. But you know he's looking at you. So you read your book, sip your drink, close your eyes and lay back. And you wonder what could be.

It's become so quiet, you barely hear the padded footfalls approaching your chair. Without opening your eyes you sense the presence of someone, and hear the creak of the chair next to you. A quiet, deep voice says "Hi. I've noticed you've been on your back all morning, if you'd like to lay on your stomach I'd be glad to help you with some sunscreen". You turn to look, and he's looking right into your eyes. You feel a warmth travel down you, your stomach tightens just a little, but you also feel a loosening between your legs. You're not sure you understand, but you're willing to do what he says. To go along with him. There's no one else around, so you say "Sure. Thank you". You turn over, loosen the top of your swimsuit and pull it down as low on your back as you can. He reaches into your bag and pulls out a tube of something. "Is this it?" he queries. You nod, lay your head back down and close your eyes. You have no idea what you're doing but you feel that thrill...

You hear him rolling the tube in his hands warming it up. "Can't have it going on cold, can we"? He says with a chuckle. You smile, and without warning you feel his touch on your back. It's electric. It instantly causes a flow of moisture inside your pussy. You're shocked that you feel this way but you don't want it to stop. His hands are soft, yet firm as if he were giving you a massage. It feels so good you don't want it to stop. He slowly and sensuously rubs it into your back, and your muscles relax, but every time he gets down to your lower back, near the top of your ass, your thighs tighten ever-so-slightly. You wish he would go lower, but you don't dare say anything.

His hands move up on your shoulders, and they are strong. Massaging any cares away...you've been waiting for this day at the pool since it opened. Work's been a bitch, and you've needed this. You feel the release as he rubs your shoulders and neck. You're wondering why you need sunscreen up under your hairline, but his hands are there. Deeply kneading your skin, your muscles, and you are becoming more and more relaxed. It's almost like a dream state, and you feel his hands move back down lower on your body again.

His hands disengage and you assume he is putting on some more sunscreen. Then his hands are on your thighs, slowly working the lotion into your skin, all the way down to your ankles. It's glorious, and you feel a state of euphoria. His hands begin to travel up again, and you realize he's kneeling on the chair directly behind you. His hands travel up, and you realize one is on your lower back, and the other is moving up your inner thigh getting closer to your pussy, which you're almost afraid for him to get too close. Will he notice how wet I am? You wonder.

As his hand travels farther up between your legs, you realize why one hand is on your back. He's holding you down, and just like that his fingers nimbly and gently move aside the swimsuit just covering your soaked pussy. You hear him chuckle under his breath and then his fingers are inside you. You gasp, your back arches, and you moan.

Your mind is in another place, you're not even thinking about whether there's other people. The feel of his fingers inside you, the slight fear of having his hand on your back holding you down, his thumb close to your ass, is almost too much. Then you feel a finger on your clit, and it almost makes you jump. So sensitive, yet he's playing it like a fine instrument. Your moaning is audible, you realize, and his hand moves up your back, no longer pressing down. It moves up into your hair, and you feel his fingers massaging your scalp, gathering your hair. Suddenly his fingers clench together and your hair pulled...and it's stings...he pulls your head back, and you stifle a scream. The shock, the pain, are tempered by the pleasure of feeling him between your legs, and you realize you're not just moist you're dripping. You feel the waves start to overtake you, as he is pleasing you with his fingers. 

His hand disengages from your hair, and begins to move around your cheek, and his finger grazes across your lips. Involuntarily, you engulf his index finger in your mouth, wanting it to be something else. As you suck on his finger, then two fingers, your hips are rocking in rhythm with his hands as they slide fingers in and out of you while stroking your clit. His thumb has begun to massage between your ass cheeks, and it's when the tip slips in your ass that you realize you're on the edge. You feel him lean forward, you feel his breath on your neck and his kiss, his warm lips. A moment later, he growls low in your ear "Cum for me. Now".

It's like all the approval you've ever needed in the world, it's all built up to this, all the frustrations over the last few weeks. Your body tenses, your pussy throbs and you cum hard, gushing. You know you're soaking the towel you're laying on, but you can't help it. Wave after wave the orgasm strikes and recedes like surf on a beach.

He continues to kiss your neck, gently biting at one point. When you realize that it is over, he seems to sense that as well. His hand pulls away, swiftly replacing your suit. He leans in close and whispers sensuously in your ear "You're a good girl. Glad I could help you." He stands and walks away, and as you turn your head to look back at him he looks straight at you with those deep blue eyes...and winks.