 Getting Settled, Exploration, and Discovery 



~~~~~~~~

It was a warm summer in late July. Katrina and I were about to celebrate our joint birthdays. I would turn 26 while she was turning 22. We had gotten reasonably-well settled in after Katrina's folks sent out her clothes and belongings.

We'd agreed to get married in early August, and have a short honeymoon before classes were scheduled to start in September right after Labor Day.

Our days were spent in our offices at school. And in getting our student assistants organized and scheduled, for helping around the pool.

One day, I overheard Katrina telling her female staff that certain limits would be enforced at the pool and in the athletic facilities. "Nobody wants any scandals around here." She told them. "And the sexual harassment statutes had to be strictly enforced, so the university could maintain its certification for competition."

She also told them carefully, though in no uncertain terms, that I was taken and off limits. "Anybody crossing that line . . . " She joked, "was in for a lot of unpleasant extra work."

The message was received loud and clear. No one wanted to spend their college career bagging up dirty socks and smelly, wet clothes for the laundry.

After dinner, we spent the evenings working out. I'd hit the weight room for my standard strength and flexibility training, with Katrina training along beside me and helping me with some of my workout.

We'd then go to the pool and swim laps. I still tried to put in my standard mile swim while she'd swim past me over and over.

She probably put in about three times the distance I did, though she didn't keep track any more and just swam for fun. I could see the satisfaction in her face every time she hit one of her turns perfectly.

The joy in her that was expressed by her swimming was remarkable. Other staff members commented on it, too. She was easily the most quickly accepted new member of the staff, even though she'd been here the shortest time.

Our nights were spent making love in every position we could accomplish. Often laughing and grinning as we tried to couple ourselves in outrageous new ways.

We really seemed to be soul-mates as well as lovers. We frequently would orgasm together, in intensively satisfying matings.

True to her word, Katrina was becoming a quieter partner. Her orgasms would make her gasp and hold her breath. And give her whole upper body a beautiful reddish blush. Other than a long 'aaah', 'mmmm', 'oooh' or a quick gasp, her climaxes were becoming very quiet. But they were highly visually entertaining.

Her head would usually be thrown back. Her breasts were thrust toward me. Her back was arched. Her arms and legs were thrown outward, sometimes quivering and shaking randomly as she gave herself to her pleasure. Her entire upper body would quiver as she came, her muscles rippling gently with her orgasm.

As she finished, she would wrap her arms around me, pull me down gently and kiss me sweetly. Unless she'd finished me, which she was quite capable of doing with her incredible internal muscle control, I would start up pumping after she'd settled until we would eventually arrive at a mutually-satisfying climax.

Our past lives were behind us and nearly forgotten. We didn't even joke about the past very often. Life was very good, and the future never looked brighter.

We planned a quiet birthday party for the coming weekend. John and Sara insisted they were going to give one for us. Katrina and I weren't really sure why.

Our marriage was scheduled to take place just a couple of weeks later. We both wanted a small wedding, with just our parents and a few close friends attending.

None of my former roommates could make it out here. So, the only person I invited was John Douglas.

Katrina invited Ruth, who surprised us both by accepting, and Sara Douglas. We offered to pay the air fare and hotel costs for Ruth and her current boyfriend to come to our wedding. And she agreed.

With such a small group, we didn't plan for any formal reception after the wedding. We all planned to dine together. Then, spend a quiet evening in a small suite we rented in the hotel, relaxing and getting to know each other better.

We rented the same small suite, for our birthday party since we only planned to invite John and Sara to help us celebrate. John because he'd been so nice to both of us. And Sara because she'd been responsible for getting us together again.

But John had insisted that he be allowed to make all the other arrangements, and Katrina and I had agreed. We'd just rent the room and give John the key.

The evening of our birthday party, we went down to the hotel to await our guests. We planned to meet them in the lobby and then were going to take them up to the room we'd rented for the night.

We'd gotten there somewhat early, so, I went and got a key from the desk. I went up to check out the room while Katrina waited down in the lobby to corral both of our guests. I just opened the door and briefly looked inside.

The room looked like a birthday party for royalty was going to occur, and I began to worry about the expense. John and Sara had insisted they would pay for everything. But it looked like they went overboard.

I returned to the lobby with Katrina and told her about the room. She started to ask me something, just as John and Sara walked in the door.

"Hi, Don. Hi, Katrina. How are you two this evening? Happy Birthday to you both!" John boomed and smiled widely.

"Yes, Happy Birthday, you two! How did you happen to end up with the same birthday anyway, Katrina? Does that help or hurt your zodiac chances?" Sara asked laughing.

"Thanks! Both of you! We're both Leos. So, I guess we're expected to fight. And that just makes the making up more fun." Katrina said grinning.

"Yes, thanks, John and Sara. John, I took a look at the room upstairs. I hope you didn't go broke, setting up our little party." I said seriously.

"Don't worry about the expense, Don. A long time ago one of our geologists, Ben Fuller, who's a good friend of mine, told me to buy stock in Standard Oil, back when it was cheap. I did, and forgot about it for years. When I checked up on it years later, I found I'd gotten rich. That's unusual for a university professor." John said laughing.

"Well, okay. I just thought the layout looked awfully nice, for just the four of us. But I won't worry about the cost any more. I'll just try to enjoy the evening and let Standard Oil pay the bill." I joked. We all laughed and headed to the elevator.

Arriving at the room, John and Sara asked to be able to enter first. "Just a little sort of surprise," John said.

I figured he had some gift or something hidden in a bedroom that he wanted to get out. So, we waited for a minute in the hall.

When he called through the door to come in, we entered to see a room teeming with people. Several voices called out together, "Surprise!"

Katrina was more stunned than I was. She stood there looking over at her parents while I looked over at mine. How had they gotten here so fast? We planned to invite them for the wedding. But that was still a couple of weeks off.

We went on in. Katrina went over and hugged her mother while I did the same to mine. I shook hands with my dad. Then I went and introduced him and my mother to Katrina's parents. They shook hands like old friends, which relieved me a lot since we come from different ends of town.

Ruth was there with her new boyfriend, who she introduced to Katrina after she finished hugging her. She introduced him to me, too. He seemed to fit with Ruth quite well. I saw them staring at each others' eyes several times over the course of the evening.

I walked over to a small athletic-looking girl, who seemed to be standing by herself. "You have to be Judy." I told her smiling.

"Yeah. I'm Katrina's roommate from the trials. We've talked over the phone. But I'm happy to meet you in person. I love seeing Katrina and you together. Looks like you took my advice! And did as well as you could! Happy Birthday to you two, too!" she said, giggling and grinning.

Katrina walked up then and hugged her. "How's the co-conspirator doing this fine evening?" She said and giggled.

Judy laughed and said, "From the news I've received lately, it seems like the conspiracy went well. And this participant feels just fine."

She turned to me and said, "You look like the results did you pretty well, too!" She grinned.

"They did! Over and over again, they did! Judy, I'm going to let you and Katrina get caught up and go see whom all John invited to our 'quiet little party'. He, maybe with Sara's help, is apparently the one responsible for everybody being here tonight." I said and joked, "Katrina. You, Judy, Sara and John could go into business together, planning various operations and schemes. You'd all get rich!" They both laughed as I left them talking.

I walked over to where John was talking to the football coach and his wife. His wife was slender, tall, and blonde. The coach said she had degrees in English Literature and was on the staff, too. Several of the older coaches were attending with their wives. When Katrina rejoined me, John introduced both of us to all of them.

I went to talk to my mom and dad again, unsure how they were planning to pay for two trips to the city. With hotels and air fares it would be expensive.

Dad said they were staying, for the next two weeks, courtesy of the university. John had called him and asked him if he'd be willing to give a talk on current real estate investment prospects, dad's specialty. And dad said he would.

John told him the university offered to pay a seminar fee and full expenses for outside speakers. So, the whole trip would be free for them.

I later found out he did the same thing for Katrina's parents. They could afford to pay for the trip themselves. But it was still a nice gesture.

During the evening, Katrina and I were talking alone to Ruth and Sara, who obviously knew each other. It turned out that Katrina was right about how Sara knew she'd want the job out here. So, that cleared up one mystery that I'd been thinking about.

Ruth was obviously very pleased that Katrina and I had gotten back together. Ruth and I were the only two people, whoever referred to Katrina as T-Kat, and then only in private.

She told us she'd cried for two days after we'd separated. She said she'd lost a lot of sleep trying to think of some way to bring us back together.

I remembered Katrina's comment about her nosiness. But I certainly didn't mind in this case.

She said, "I couldn't just stand by and see a love like yours going so to waste. But I knew what you both had told me and stayed quiet. But I also knew Sara. And I told her to contact you, Katrina, after the trials if you didn't make it."

She told Katrina with tears in her eyes, "I was really sorry you didn't make the team. But I knew there was finally something I could do for both of you. I knew the women's swimming coach job was unfilled. Because, I talked to Sara on the phone, only a week before your trials, Katrina. She told me about that bus crash and losing of all those coaches. And the pain it put her dad through."

"I think you can figure out the rest if you haven't already. God! It's so good to see you two together. More than any other people I've ever known in my whole life, you two truly deserve each other!" She smiled her satisfaction, with tears in her eyes. 

Katrina, Ruth, and Sara were all happily crying together quietly. John noticed us and walked over saying quietly, "All right, Don. What are you doing to these lovely young ladies? They're all crying, or have been anyway."

The girls all wiped their eyes and looked away. Sara turned back and said, "Dad, we were just discussing some painful, and some joyful, past history. The tear ducts were just working overtime. We're all just fine. But thanks for being a father."

We talked a little longer with Ruth and Sara. But with her father there, the conversation was very general.

Katrina and I moved around talking to everyone who'd come. Several very useful household gifts were spread on a table in the center of the room. Nothing was wrapped. All the gifts just had colorful strings, with tags tied or taped to them, informing us of the giver. It was a nice touch. There was no mess when we were done to clean up, and easy for us to remember whom to thank.

The party lasted until about 10:00 when everyone started to leave. Katrina and I stood by the door, thanking everyone for coming. Our parents left together destined for a hotel downtown, in a limousine provided by John.

We gathered up the several gifts we'd received and carried them down to my truck. We left for home and arrived just before midnight.

We were now a year older. We were talking about the party as we went inside. We walked into our bedroom. We were still discussing why we thought John had been being so nice to both of us.

Katrina said, "Don, I think you're right about John. I agree he looks much happier now than I've ever seen him. He always looked so somber. Except when he was talking directly to me. He's looked that way since I got here. I know Sara would have noticed it at home. I'll bet she 'persuaded' her dad to give us a nice birthday party as a scheme to help him."

I said thoughtfully, "Yes, and psychologically, it's a really fine plan. It's very nice for us and helps her dad in the process. She even got to see Ruth again as a bonus for her!

"We'll just have to wait and see if it helps him get over the pain of the tragedy. I think it just might! It certainly can't hurt.

"All John's scheming, which Sara would have innocently suggested, of course, now that I know you ladies a little better, would have taken his mind off of everything else.

"He hasn't been in the office, the last couple of days. And he was only in a couple of times last week.

"I didn't pay attention since it's summer break. I thought he was just taking some time off work to relax. He's usually here every day and he stays late most of the time.

"I know he still thinks about his wife. I've seen him looking at her picture in his office, a couple of times when I walked in to discuss something with him.

"You know, I'll bet Sara's kept him so busy thinking of details about schedules of flights, and hotels, and transportation around the city . . . 

"You know, T-Kat, I'm going to have to keep a better watch on you. Not just on your body either! Sara, too!

"Well, not her body . . . Though, come to think of it. Sara does look very . . . Ooof!"

I suddenly needed new air that was momentarily hard to find. It also had the additional effect of shutting me up. She seemed to be getting good at that. She'd tapped me with her little fist low in my abdomen again.

And giggling she grinned, and said, "Careful, Cowboy, better stay home and don't be wandering the range if you know what's good for your anatomy. I studied it in school. I tried to get every advantage swimming that I could. A little of boys' useful anatomy might have just stuck with me, too." She grinned knowingly.

I rubbed my sore belly, grinned and said, "My gosh! If Judy sticks around for a few days, staying over there with them. Like she's doing . . . 

"Oh, Lord! I hope John can survive all this! I'll bet tomorrow he has a grin on his face, from ear to ear, for the first time in ages!"

I laughed and said, "He may decide to go on vacation, for the first time in years! I could get stuck with his job! Or all his work anyway! And if it happens that way. I'm not sorry one bit! Because, John is a fine person to help . . . "

I stopped, receiving a sudden visual stimulation. I paused, with my shirt, shoes, and socks off, to watch Katrina. She saw me watching, grinned and turned to face me directly.

She said, "I knew if I started rubbing my boobs, you'd finally shut up."

She grinned and continued, "I might just know something about men's minds, too." She smiled knowingly again.

She giggled as she slowly unhooked her bra, her breasts springing free. They thrust out toward me, with her red nipples and areolae puckering in the cool air of the room. She tossed the thin bra behind her on the floor.

She slowly lowered her panties. Her dark brown bush, now exposed to my eyes, was a neat triangle of dark auburn curls, hinting of a pink crevasse in the center.

While looking at me, she quickly rubbed her breasts and fluffed her pubic hair up erotically. Katrina stood with her arms held out straight to her sides and her legs spread shoulder-width apart.

She said, "Don, love, I hope you will always like what you see when I undress. It turns me on, seeing your eyes devour me." She smiled softly.

I said seriously, "And it turns me on, doing the devouring, T-Kat! More than that! It makes me want to do something about it!" I grinned lewdly at her.

And before I finished undressing, I walked over to one of the closets. I pulled out a narrow-diameter cardboard mailing tube.

I could see the concerned look on her face suddenly appear as she imagined what I might be planning to do with it. I opened the tube as she watched suspiciously.

I pulled out a rolled piece of thin cardboard. I walked over to her nude body, and I handed it to her.

Then, I smiled as I said quietly, "Happy Birthday, Mrs. Jarvis."

Katrina smiled lovingly at me. Then, she unrolled the paper. Remembering it, even before it was fully exposed.

She read the title joyfully out loud, "Don Creams T-Kat's Pussy!"

She grinned widely and continued, "Looks like 122 times in 25 days for a batting average of about 5,000! Very good 'elevation' from you during those times, I seem to recall! And an awful lot of hits without any misses!"

She turned serious. She grabbed me and kissed me hard.

Then she said, "Don, thank you so very much! I can't believe you saved this all this time! I really love you for stuff like this you know. It really makes me want to make you happy. And I can see, and even feel right now . . . "

She giggled and said, "that looking at me does that for you. I hope you still like the way I look. As long as you want to keep on looking." She kissed me and then released me to 'help' me finish undressing.

With her eager help and caresses, I was soon nude. I stood just looking at her beautiful entirety.

I said, "I doubt I'll ever get tired of seeing you, Katrina. Every time I'm with you, I experience something new. I really like exploring you with my ears now as well as my eyes and hands."

I walked over to her, lowered her arms and pulled her upright against me. We kissed passionately, naked against each other, tongues sparring until our breathing became short and quick.

I ran my hands over every inch of her while she stood there and watched my hands move. Then, she did the same for me. We were both more than ready. But I wanted to take a shower before going to bed.

So, I asked her, "How about a quick shower before bed to wash off the party, T-Kat?"

"Don, you know how I love water! I need a shower, too! When Ruth, Sara, and I were consoling each other, I was crying and perspiring, too. I can smell me. So, I guess a shower is next on the agenda." She said and sighed.

I turned her around and pointed her toward the bathroom. I gave her a small push. But she didn't really want to start moving until I reached down and goosed her pussy with my thumb.

"On guard!" I cried.

"Touche!" I said as I moved forward and poked her again.

She jumped forward and squealed, "Oooh! . . . Oooh!"

She jumped again and stopped. Turning slowly, she grinned wickedly at me. She reached down and grabbed my erect penis, pulling me into the bathroom. She dragged me on into the shower stall. She had a good grip on me, with both hands now. She pulled me right on into her moist pussy. She quickly backed off of me, with a plopping sound.
