 ~~~~~~~~

Something prodding me in the ribs woke me. I wasn't sure I hadn't dreamed it, though, I didn't remember any dream. Katrina poked me again, and I looked at her.

She was on her back, and I was cuddled up next to her side, with one arm over her chest. She seemed to be listening as she put one finger over her lips.

I raised my head and I could hear breathing. Unfortunately, the breathing was coming from the direction opposite of her, through the tent wall behind me. I glanced quickly over at the tent to make sure it was still there, and that no brand new door had been formed while I slept.

The breathing was quite loud, very close by. Large, deep lungs made those sounds.

Katrina had a strong grip on the arm over her chest. I disengaged her as I slowly sat up. The breathing outside paused, then resumed. I know we both thought it was a bear. And it probably was. But I was in no real hurry to find out for sure. She didn't appear to be either. She now had a good, healthy grip on the arm closest to her.

She whispered very quietly, "God! Don! Do you think it's a bear outside?"

She didn't seem very relieved when I speculated, also very quietly, "Yes, I think so, T-Kat. And I hope it stays out there, too. I can't imagine anything else that breathes, with such large-sounding lungs."

I don't know what made me think of it. But while she was looking over her nearer shoulder and listening carefully. I reached down quickly, seized her whole pussy with one hand and squeezed once quickly.

She popped up like a jack in the box and gasped quite loudly, "Aaooohhh!", momentarily forgetting the animal outside.

I was giggling. But I said in an almost normal voice, "Hey, T-Kat, have you seen the small flashlight?"

She punched me before I was expecting it, in the lower belly. Not hard, but it doesn't take much down there.

She giggled when I jumped up to my knees and said, 'Oooof!'

She was laughing and said, "How ya feelin', Don, lover. Pretty good moves there for an old man!"

She was still giggling as I tackled her to the bed and kissed her until we both sat back up, remembering there was something outside. It had slipped my attention briefly. I can't imagine why.

I could no longer hear breathing, even straining to listen hard. I got up, still naked, and picked up the beam lantern. I cautiously zipped open the tent, stuck my head and shoulders outside and shined the beam around.

The temperature had cooled since I was last outside though it still felt muggy.

I could see nothing moving at all. I looked to the food sack between the trees and it was undisturbed. I shined the light at the canoe and it was fine, too.

Our nocturnal visitor had apparently departed. I wasn't complaining. I could hear a distant, faint, crunching sound coming from the woods in the direction of the latrine. But it was further back into the woods of our island. It faded until I couldn't hear anything, except bullfrogs croaking around the lakeshore.

From behind me Katrina said, "Is it gone, Don? Can you see it out there?" I felt her hands tickling up my inner thighs and playing with my testicles.

I said, "I think it took off, T-Kat. Whatever it was. I'm not sorry though." I said, moving back inside, interrupting her caresses briefly.

As I sat back down on the bedding, and then lay back down beside where she'd just reclined, she asked, "Don, do you think it was a bear? The heavy breathing made it sound awfully big."

"Yes, I think it probably was." I told her and said, "I heard it crashing through the brush, way out past the latrine."

Then I grinned and said playfully, "T-Kat, that gasp of yours might have to be regulated out here. Much too dangerous for the local wildlife to have to endure I believe. I think you scared it clear to the other end of the island, maybe further. I guess bears can swim. It's probably on the mainland by now."

She laughed and said, "Well, you seemed completely uninterested in me as you listened. I was thinking that an experiment, dealing with your and my quick, um, massages of each others groins, let's say, could be conducted on whether you always completely forgot what was going on around you at that critical moment in time.

"I know I forgot all about the bear! Not many things I know would make me forget about something like that!

"I was going to mention it to you. But I should have figured that there was some mad scheme brewing in that devious mind of yours. I felt that squeeze from my head to my toes." She grinned and faked a punch at me.

I made to defend myself against her lethal little fist, grinned and said, "I don't know what made me think of an auditory bear repeller. But that's honestly what was in my mind at the time. Maybe I need to be psychoanalyzed, professionally I mean."

She grinned at me and said with mock sincerity, "It wouldn't surprise me a bit! That might be necessary, Don, in the future. But for now I'm going to continue to analyze you myself. You should be sure not to see anyone else. That could interfere with my diagnostic work. You won't need any professionals to work on you either. Ever!"

Then she smiled and pompously said, "I'll have to concentrate fully. So, your case won't get out of hand. And even with my total devotion, your case will still be very hard. But I think I'll enjoy taking it in hand and filling my schedule with the outcums of your hard case. The master strokes I'll encourage you to employ will allow your hard case to prosper, flourish and completely fill my schedule to overflowing. We'll feel ecstatic, though exhausted, from the physical grind. And we'll both realize my analysis of you had cum to a marvelously successful climax." She grinned smugly.

I giggled, still playfully kidding with her, and said, "Oh, brother! Now, T-Kat, I know that a case like mine can be very hard, for an amateur like you to work on. So, I'll try to help you over cum the hardships. Over cumming, whenever things get hard, no matter how deeply I have to explore will be all the reward I desire. I'll appreciate your devotion to my hard case. I will forever be thankful that I had a therapist with a schedule like yours. I'll forever treasure the chart of our former investigations. And I hope that your analysis of me will allow my hard case to fill your schedule completely and future New Year's analyses will cum in with a bang!" I grinned smugly back at her.

She'd been giggling as she was sliding her fist up and down my shaft as I talked. I stood like the tallest tree in the woods. She moved over me, aligned herself and impaled herself on my erection, sighing gently.

She put her hands on my chest and had me hold her breasts. She took me on a lover's ride until we came together, unhurriedly, and most satisfyingly. As she completed, she collapsed her breasts onto my chest. Breathing heavily, just like the bear outside had been doing. Deep breaths calmed her quickly. Still impaled, she wearily rested above me as she relaxed.

As I felt her become quieter and marginally heavier, I closed my eyes, feeling wonderfully spent, delightfully relaxed. I felt myself sinking into the foam pad below me. And it was suddenly morning.

~~~~~~~~

I didn't wake up until the sunlight was shining on the tent. I rolled my head over and saw Katrina looking down at me.

She said, "Good Morning, Don. I didn't want to move around until you woke up. But now that we're awake, another escort would be nice. Expedited service is also requested of my guide." She grinned cheerfully.

I said, "I am at your service, Darling T-Kat! And here's a 'Good Morning' to you as well." I kissed her.

I had awoken partially hard, and I was still inside her. The tent was much colder inside than when we went to sleep. I wondered about Katrina's nipples and looked at her. She'd just put on a t-shirt, still sitting on me, keeping some of me warm. But I could see the cold air had affected her. Her nipples pushed at the t-shirt and looked rock hard. I didn't touch them. She slid off of me gently.

We dressed quickly in the cool air. We went outside, and it was clear again. I suppose the sunlight on the tent should have told me that. It was quite cool, probably mid-50's or so. But in the sun it was pleasant. There was no wind and that helped. There weren't many bugs around at all.

We walked on out the latrine trail. I turned off to do some business myself.

Katrina sleepily snuggled against my back saying, "I want to hold it, Don, while you go."

She laughed quickly and said, "I felt you hesitate. Don't worry, I had my hand in my pants, warming it up for you."

I laughed and said, "Go ahead, Katrina. You never know. The service might catch on at finer restaurants and . . . "

She squeezed off my flow and almost killed me. "Oh, God! T-Kat, please let go, oh . . . damn . . . aahhh . . . It really burns inside me when I'm forced to stop after getting started. Warmth I like, but not that kind."

My hand joined hers on my dork. I tried squeezing to relieve the painful burning sensation. I sighed hugely.

She grinned and said, "Oops, sorry. I really didn't know."

She gaily smiled and said, "I'm learning all the time. I'll try not to make my learning too hard on you, Don. Well, come to think of it, maybe I will at that." She giggled again.

I smiled at her and said, "That's okay. We live and learn. Your turn."

She looked startled and she said, "What do you mean, my turn? My turn for what, exactly?"

I said, "I'd just like to watch you pee, Katrina. I mean I've been in the bathroom when girls were peeing before. But I didn't really watch very closely. Because, I felt it would embarrass them, or me, I guess. Girls sit down to go, too. So, I couldn't see much anyway. I'd like to watch how you do it."

She didn't say anything. She got to the latrine and sat on the back edge, holding her legs wide apart. Her lower abdomen was rocked forward as far as she could go. Below her bush, her trench was spread open by her posture.

Her pussy gaped open and she started to spray. It was hard to tell for sure. But it seemed to be emerging right at the top of her vagina.

She said, "Watch."

She put her fingers in her pussy, just above her vaginal opening, and pressed gently. She could direct her piss forward and back, and side to side by pressing on herself.

She finished and wiped herself. She said, "I thought I'd be mortified to do that, even with you. But it wasn't bad at all. I guess I'm getting used to you. I'm happy to know you want to know about me."

It still felt cool outside. So, we went back inside the tent. The sun had warmed the tent nicely. It was almost hot. I opened the rear window for ventilation. I left the front open, with just the screen zipped shut.

She'd taken off her sweatshirt and was kneeling in just her panties and t-shirt, looking through her clothes. I moved behind her. I'd become aroused, watching her urinate and manipulate herself. And I was still fully erect. She felt me begin to caress her back.

As I said, "Say, T-Kat, are you busy right now?"

She didn't look around and said, "No, Don, I think I can find some time for you this morning. My, um, schedule isn't at all full yet." She chuckled.

I slipped her panties down to her knees. That was far enough, the path was open and my goal was in sight.

I said, "Good, I'd like to fill it for you."

And I plunged my penis to the hilt into her moist warmth in one quick thrust. I held myself hard against her, pulling her to me by her hips.

I grinned and said, "Good Morning, again, T-Kat!"

She'd expected my usual slow initial insertion. And she gasped out, "Oooof!" I retreated quickly, then thrust again hard.

"Oooof!" She repeated, not quite as loud, but still conveying her meaning clearly.

I started moving in and out, slowly and smoothly. I reached under her and fondled her breasts roughly, through her t-shirt.

She lowered her head to our bed. With her butt sticking way up, she presented a pleasing, erotic sight. Her pussy was framed by her soft fur. Just moving my hips, I could look down between strokes and see her slit spread wide open. Her anus was a small, brown, puckered ring peeking up at me.

Her clit seemed neglected and out of the action below. So, I reached down and gently tweaked it quickly several times, back and forth and side to side.

She tensed quickly and came at once. It surprised me and I wasn't prepared to hold out. And when her vagina clamped down on me, I knew I couldn't hold back.

I thrust quickly several times and shoved myself forward against her ass and groaned softly as she cried out into the sleeping bag. I exhaled sharply as I began firing my load deep inside her hot, tight, sucking pussy.

I didn't move until her muscles had stopped contracting. Not withdrawing, I reached under her t-shirt, for her breasts. I had perfect access from behind. She pushed up on her hands and let me fondle her.

I sighed as she reached back between her legs and gently caressed my balls. I could feel myself beginning to recover a little. I reached up and slowly caressed her hair, ears and neck.

She said, "Morning again, yourself, Don! I can't believe that you are actually getting hard again so fast. My Elevator Don seems to be going into action again. Not that I mind. But what's going on? Isn't this against your new code of: 'Do it once. But do it nice, or something?' You know. Only giving me your vitamin supplement once a day, in injectable form. And properly placed, of course, to be most effective." She grinned and laughed.

I laughed, giving me a little more time to recover, and kidded her. "Maybe, I just want to see if I can still perform, at my previous highly-competitive level."

I joked, "With the proper stimulation, I might be able to do well enough to make you take down that chart of ours."

She said seriously, "Never! If the house burns down. That's the first thing I'd save, believe me."

I said, "You'd have to beat me to it, T-Kat!"

I had hardened sufficiently to let her stimulate me the rest of the way, with her internal muscles. Knowing I couldn't match her strength yet, she only squeezed me gently as I pumped into her wonderful fuzzy, wet, sucking warmth from behind.

I joked, "You could make millions, milking cows!"

She laughed so hard that I popped out. I shoved my hardened erection back in and started working. She rocked forward and back, matching my timing perfectly.

I gasped as I said, "You know this could be an Olympic event like synchronized screwing, ballet de la fuque or something. It would have great fan appeal, I'll bet."

She was giggling as she moved, ruining her timing, though I didn't mind. She laughingly said, "Oh, gosh, Don. Give me a minute . . . he, he, he. Can you imagine the mothers running for the TV's when the event came on?"

I laughed and said seriously, "The fathers would come running in, too, but with different motives, guys being what we are."

She was huffing as she said, "This guy is being just what he's supposed to be."

She said, "But I don't think I want it on TV."

She stopped talking, and I could feel her familiar tension. I started massaging her clit gently and reached up under her t-shirt to fondle her breasts. I traded her left for her right every few strokes.

She was approaching her peak more slowly this time. Feeling I needed to hurry her, I pulled out. I grabbed my wet, slimy cock, and pushed it gently against her anus. She whimpered and puckered up tight. I lowered myself and plunged back into her pussy as I gently poked one finger into her moistened, slick ass.

Katrina immediately tightened up and her orgasm began. I felt a rapid pulling action on my cock. I felt like I was being stretched quickly inside a tight piece of wet, soft rubber hose that was also being stretched. She literally pulled me over the edge.

I shoved up tightly against her buttocks as she cried out. I grunted heavily as I fell forward against her, wrapping my arms around her waist. Her arms were the only thing supporting us both. I held onto her like that until my cock softened and I slid out of her. I bent down to lick her clean.

But she stopped me and said, "Oh, please, no, Don, baby. I'm too sensitive down there right now. Let's get a towel moistened up, and I'll clean us both up. The sleeping bag needs some work, too."

I said, "Just stay there a second, T-Kat. I'll get a towel. I've got a canteen over under that jacket. Once we're presentable, let's eat. Food, I mean."

I moistened a hand towel and cleaned her. She turned over, sat down and took the moist towel. Then, she cleaned me as well.

We slipped on our handy sweat suits. We went outside to clean up better in the lake and to make breakfast. We stripped by the shore and swam briefly until we felt clean. The water felt much warmer than the air. We dried each other quickly. Then, we got back into our sweat clothes and went back up to begin cooking.

After breakfast I went down to the water, in front of the campsite. A large rock sloped gently down and into the water there. I went to the edge, looked down and saw Katrina's reflection looking back up at me. I smiled and reached down to feel the water. It felt much warmer than Snowbank Lake.

'Maybe that name was well deserved.' I thought and I said, "The water here is really nice. I think we can swim here comfortably. The other lake was too cold to stay in long."

"You just liked seeing me swimming over there. So, you could stare at my nipples getting hard," she accused laughingly.

I laughed and said, "Guilty! As charged! Joe Friday and Colombo have nothing on you.

"Tell you what, T-Kat, I'll challenge you to a race. We can race over to that big red rock, on the far shore. That's about half a mile. I checked earlier on the GPS unit to see how far the canoe route was from here. See if you can still get over and back twice before I finish once."

She laughed and said, "Don, you don't know what you're doing! Let's make it three times. What do I get after I beat you?"

I laughed and said, "You can name your own prize, I trust you, T-Kat. Surprise me."

She said, "Okay. And if I'm way wrong and you win. What do you want? Same deal?"

I smiled and said, "Of course. We're partners aren't we. In the old days, partners were more important than lovers. Maybe, they still are."

She smiled hugely and said, "Hey, I like that, Don! I'm gonna think about us, just like that, from now on. But racing, I don't give any quarter at all. I never got into the relays. And I'm still feeling competitive. I never wanted a partner swimming. I only wanted to think about and have to depend on myself."

I laughed and said, "Okay, T-Kat. Let's get changed. And I'll try not to let you beat me, too badly."

She said seriously, "Oh, no. We're going to do it like we did before. I even dreamed about that a couple of times last year when I was really feeling lonely. Besides, you never know, Don. Without your oar in the water, I might not have a big enough advantage." She grinned and laughed.

I grinned and said, "All right, T-Kat, however you want. Remember though, we're going to be swimming nude right across that canoe route. I haven't seen anybody since we arrived. But now would be a heck of a time to have company drop by."

She laughed and said, "At least we're not planning to do it at night, Don. Carrying the flashlights in our teeth or something."

I laughed at the thought. We stripped and piled our clothes on the shore.

Barefoot, Katrina jiggled back up the hill to the tent, for some reason. She went inside for a second, and came out carrying a towel and dragging our bedding outside. She wiped at a couple of places. But she shook her head. Then, she slowly jiggled back down to where I was waiting, smiling at me as I watched her.

It was erotic as hell, watching her do chores naked. And I'd responded accordingly.
