 Canoe Trip and Unification



~~~~~~~~ 

Early the second morning of our second honeymoon week, Katrina and I loaded up the canoe we'd rented, at the cabin's dock. We'd already locked up the cabin and looked around for anything we might have forgotten. Katrina got in the front of the canoe. Then, I got in the back. We pushed off the dock and were off on our first portage. We planned to be gone three days and two nights.

We'd practiced, yesterday, canoeing around. We stayed near the dock until we became more confident in our skills. We took the time to each learn how to make the canoe go where we wanted it to. With my previous experience, it was easy to describe to Katrina how to make the canoe do what she wanted. When she was in the rear, where most steering is done in one of these boats, her quick muscle memory made it easy for her to learn what I taught her.

We even dumped the canoe over to see how it felt. And to figure out how to handle that if it happened on open water.

The canoe we'd gotten, though light and made out of Kevlar, was stable with us and our gear aboard. It was only slightly less stable when just Katrina and I were aboard, without the extra ballast. But it was easier to paddle it then, too.

As we paddled across the large lake, I said, "T-Kat, we're only going to go across one portage on this trip. We don't know how hard these portage paths may be. And we'll have to figure out how we'll carry everything. We've got food for four days and the weather radio works. So, we should be fine if we follow our plans. How's the paddling going? Are you feeling all right?"

She turned and said, "I feel just fine, Don. This is as good as our usual calisthenic workouts. Even my hips and legs get involved when I paddle like you showed me."

She looked back, smiled and said, "I'm really enjoying this. I'm glad the wind isn't very strong. It was a little gusty, yesterday, when we practiced. My stomach tightened up a couple of times when we turned around, and were rolling and crosswind to it for a little. 

I think I prefer it to be calm."

I said, "A little wind helps keep down the bugs, T-Kat. And I think when the sun gets up just a little higher, we'll appreciate a breeze. If it starts to get rough, we'll just hug the shores like we planned. But the forecast was for only ten mile-per-hour winds today and tomorrow and no wind at night."

We'd gotten the local forecast that only covered the next two days, which is why we brought the weather radio.

We saw several loons as we paddled. We'd grown accustomed to them over the past week. There were many around, either singly, or in pairs.

The area also seemed to be home to a large number of bald eagles. We saw them, frequently very high up, just soaring and circling, seldom flapping their wings.

Once, a large bird dove out of the sky right into the water near us, making a large splash. I told Katrina I thought it was a bird called an 'Osprey'. It was not quite the size of an eagle, though still quite impressive. It took off again slowly, dragging a large fish with the claws of its feet as it flew off.

She looked back at me and I just winked at her. She smiled and raised her eyebrows at me.

We switched sides frequently, her changes determining which side I paddled on. We became quite adept at paddling together, pulling together, almost like having sex. We changed sides quickly, trying to keep a slow, though steady pace. Even changing sides felt like an interruption.

Katrina said, "I can feel how good at this we're getting, can you, Don?"

I said, "I was just thinking exactly the same thing, Katrina. This boat slides over the water more smoothly than that old, painted wood canoe my friend had did. It weighed a ton, too. And it plowed through the water. This thing just glides across the surface. It's almost effortless once it's moving. And we seem to be moving pretty fast. We're more than halfway across this open area."

She said, "Let's stop at that point up ahead, Don. And change ends for a while. My end needs a rest, too. These cross-weave, reed-type seats didn't feel so hard when were practicing yesterday. I'm going to have a tartan brand on my butt before we're done." She giggled and looked back quickly.

I kiddingly said, "Maybe, I should register that brand. Anyway, you're always worrying about your behind, aren't you, T-Kat?"

She laughed and said, "Yep! Gotta keep it in shape, Don, so somebody I know won't get bored with it."

I said softly, "Never gonna happen, T-Kat. Never in as long as time exists. Or like you say - Ever!"

She looked back and said, "Good thing that point's close ahead, Don. I might capsize the canoe crawling back there to kiss you."

We carefully landed the canoe. Plowing ahead into the shore, like I'd done back home in the mud, wasn't recommended up here. The shorelines were all rocks. I could see why the geologist, Ben Fuller, loved it up here. There were big rocks, little rocks, and all shapes and sizes of in-between-sized rocks, but not much sand or finer stuff, and no mud.

We later found a couple of small beaches of sandy and gravelly stuff. But those appeared to be very uncommon.

After she'd been kissed properly, giving both our backsides a break, we switched ends. And we started off again.

I said, "Katrina, it's a little hard to see where we're supposed to be headed right now. The whole shoreline ahead looks like a short, green wall with a short, whitish-gray base."

Katrina looked down at a map in front of her, on the bottom of the boat. She said, "Don, the map indicates we should be going almost due east to get to the portage trail. Why not check out the compass, on that GPS thing you bought, to see where we ought to head. Might as well see if it works anyway."

I got out the GPS unit and let it warm up and align itself. I said, "It looks like we're heading too far south, T-Kat. We should turn left a little and head for that white-looking rock right over there."

I pointed and continued, "This little device is really nice! It not only shows the compass heading, it even shows where we are on the lake. And . . . yes . . . we need to head around that point ahead of us, just off to our left right now. Then, go around it to the right. The portage trail is shown to be in the very back of the bay there."

I reached back and handed her the little device. She set it on the bottom of the boat in front of her. Then resumed her paddling while studying its display.

She kept paddling while glancing down at the GPS unit. "Yes, sir, Commander Don, sir! Your crew willingly complies!" She said in a bantering tone.

But she turned us left a little, apparently using the little device on the bottom to get us heading to where I'd indicated.

I said, less banteringly, "Now, none of that stuff, T-Kat. 'Crew' indeed. Remember what I said before about us being equals and stuff. I meant it to mean always. At least that's what it means for me."

I grinned over my shoulder at her and said, "Besides, the person in the rear is in command of a canoe anyway. Any orders for your crewman, Captain T-Kat?"

She said quietly, "Not any that wouldn't compromise the integrity of the vessel, Chief Crewman, Don."

As I looked back again, I thought, 'A canoe could be outfitted with a rear-view mirror. Then, I would ask her to paddle nude, with her legs over the sides . . . '

But I said, "I'd have asked you to try paddling nude, T-Kat. But it hurts my neck too much to look back and paddle, too." I looked back and grinned quickly.

Then I said, "And when I'm in back, I can't see as much of you as I'd like to be able to. I just love watching your face when you're happy. And I can't see it from there, or here!"

I kept paddling and went on jovially, "I seem to detect a flaw in the design of these craft reflected by your similar comments moments before regarding this vessel's seaworthiness. We're scientists. We should investigate this phenomenon! I know! We should redesign them! We'd get rich! Instead of long and narrow, we'll go for a more squarish . . . maybe more . . . mattress-like shape. Less maneuverable, though heaps more fun to paddle you on! Then once we're rich, we'll go on a permanent vacation up here."

I went on more wistfully, "Katrina, you'll guide me on my quest, down through a dark, lush auburn forest, with a beautiful valley nestled inside. You'll lead me into a mystical cave that dwells deep within this forest. I will explore this cave, using only tools that nature provided. Only mysterious fluids and vapors emerge from this cave, so I must thrust my way forward and explore quickly, before retreating to gather strength for another search. I'll repeat my efforts until I finally reach my reward. I'll have overcome your valiant efforts to keep me inside. Until, finally, I'll go deep into the core of the cave, and allow you to hold me there. And finding myself resting deep in the magical core, we'll be together when I leave a precious gift. An offering to the essence, left in a place where ecstasy resides. And we'll both find nirvana together. Oh! What a beautiful dream!"

Then I said blandly, "A rear-view mirror would be nice, too." I kept paddling, smiling at my goofiness and glancing back.

Katrina's eyes were wet. But she was smiling. And then she bantered, "I haven't even done much fishing yet. But I think Don's a keeper. I'm not going to throw you back anyway."

She went on in the wistful tone I'd just employed, "I'll use only live bait and no artificial lures. And with the right scent on my bait, you won't be able to resist me. One taste and you'll be hooked! And then I'll have you on my string! And with a stiff rod in my hands, I think I'll be able pull you in! I'll prepare you and devour you as you finally realize that you can't escape from me . . . Better get used to being on my stringer, fish."

She grinned as I looked back at her. I just shook my head, and chuckled softly. I briefly stopped paddling. Without turning around and in an obvious pantomime, I put my paddle straight up. "I."

Setting my paddle down across the gunwales quickly, I put my arms out and up curving around as best I could and put my fingers together to my head. A heart. "Love."

I signaled a touchdown. "You."

Without looking back I picked up my paddle and resumed the pace quickly. Then I looked back over my shoulder again.

Katrina was smiling ruefully and shaking her head. She said, "Damn, damn, damn! You're just too smart, Don! It doesn't seem fair! I was in front and I should have thought of it first! You know I'm running up a big debt in the idea department of our little joint venture. I'm going to have to think of a way to get even."

She quipped, "Even if it takes me all night!" She giggled.

From behind, I knew she could see my ribs quaking gently as I chuckled. I tried to breathe more deeply and just paddle on. But my thoughts kept bringing the giggles back. I glanced back again, and she was gently bouncing the back of the canoe up and down.

Her face was red from her substantial efforts in trying not to laugh out loud. She was quaking herself about twice per second. I guess she didn't want to disturb the loons again. I shook my head again and paddled on. God! This was a big lake!

I just kept paddling and told Katrina that if she burst out laughing, I would, too. Then we'd have everybody on the lake thinking we were both nuts. And they'd probably send somebody after us, so we wouldn't be loose in the woods like I told Katrina the animals were.

As I paddled on, I realized that the front position in the canoe definitely had less variety to the work. It was mainly a propulsive position. You had a good view. But there was little to do except paddle. I couldn't control where we were going very much. But I wasn't supposed to. That was Katrina's job in the back.

I could see what she'd meant before about a workout. The tops of my arms and shoulders were already a little sore. She said she felt the same way.

I said, "I think we're both in good enough shape. It's just that we're using muscles continuously that we're not used to using together. I never got into the rowing machines, did you?"

She said, "No, I tried them of course. I don't remember any equipment that would simulate this activity exactly. Maybe, you could simulate it with the pull-weights, I don't know. I used all the weight-training stuff.

"There were great weight rooms at college, mainly for the football jocks. But all the athletes got to use them. The stuff at trials was unbelievable! Everything was gleaming chrome, mirrored walls. You know, all the best stuff."

I smiled and said merrily, "Yes, I know what you mean. However, the objects I loved seeing in the weight rooms only visited the weight rooms and didn't live there."

In a mock serious tone, she said, "Those types of objects have now all been declared contraband for one certain member of this crew, get me, Elevator Man?"

She poked me gently in the back with her wet paddle. I looked back.

But she was grinning and continued less mockingly, "And the current Captain similarly agrees to the same limits. We talk about everything first, right crew?"

I said grinning, "Yes, sir, ma'am, Captain, T-Kat, lover, dear."

Then I said more seriously, "'I do' pretty much covered it in my mind. I try my best to never lie. Even to you!" I joked and I looked back and said, "Okay?" Her eyes looked wet again.

Almost too quietly to hear, she said, "These boats are just too damn long."

I paddled on and was happy to see we were almost there. A short rest would be very welcome, and not just for my arms and shoulders. Katrina and I would be wearing the same brand.

We approached the 'whitish rock' we'd aimed at. It turned out to be another peninsula point.

Katrina said, "I'll be glad to land and rest for just a little. But I can see from your GPS thing that we're almost there."

We landed and exchanged positions once more, getting better and feeling better balanced each time. As she'd indicated, we only had a short distance to go now.

Soon, we started off again and we rapidly approached the end of the lake, at the back of a deep, narrow bay. It felt like we were paddling up a short river with no current.

We landed at the obvious portage start. It was marked only with a short brown pole. Carved into this pole was the name of the lake at the end and its distance.

It said, 'Disappointment Lake, 144 rods.'

I told Katrina that I remembered a rod was about 16 feet. That meant we'd have to walk about half a mile.

This area was somewhat sandy, and the trail appeared gravelly. The whole area was remarkably clean. Only a few short coils of snarled fishing line littered the ground. Only footprints and dents in the soft gravel near the shore showed where equipment had been stacked.

We unloaded our canoe, carried it up and set it down for loading for the trail. I said, "Here we are, T-Kat! From here on, there aren't many people, only passers through like us. Nobody lives up here. There aren't any roads, only a few trails and lots of rocks and trees, from the look of it."

I looked up the trail. I knew from looking at my GPS unit that the elevation difference between the two lakes was only about 65 feet. The trail wasn't too steep. But it didn't seem to level off much either.

Since the canoe was so light, I strapped the paddles, fishing gear, life jackets and tent to the canoe thwarts. I stuffed our rolled-up sleeping bags and air-foam pads under each seat.

After pulling on my lightweight pack, Katrina helped me lift and roll the canoe up onto my shoulders. The carrying yoke the resort provided helped. But it still was hard on my shoulders and especially hard on the back of my neck.

She pulled on her lightweight pack and I started off up the trail. Katrina was leading the way.

We'd sprayed ourselves with some commercial bug repellent before we'd loaded up. There were lots of mosquitoes near the beginning of the portage close to the water.

I wondered if they knew to wait here for lunch to come by without them having to go look for it. I didn't want to be anybody's lunch, except Katrina's. So, I was trying the bug repellent. She wanted some, too.

It's a good thing we took the time to put the stuff on. It had a greasy sort of feel, even after it was spread thin. The fading evergreen odor of the propellant faded quickly leaving a faint, though pleasant, chemical smell.

But it was worth it. The mosquitoes came at us from all sides. I'd never seen so many all at once back home. Even out on my friend's farm, they weren't like this. The ones here weren't big at all, just fearless and hungry.

But the bug stuff seemed to work fairly well. Only once in a while did one bite through my sweat suit I was wearing. I could only get one hand free to slap the little bastards when they got me.

She was slapping and giggling as she walked in front of me. I asked her, "What's so funny? These bugs are no fun. I thought we'd leave them at the waterline. You look like you're slapping yourself to death, too." I chuckled as she swatted herself on her ass.

As the trail widened slightly, she moved over and started walking along beside me. She had settled down and said, still giggling, "I know they're not. But I was thinking, 'Those old time voyagers, you told me about, had to be hardy souls to be out here with no bug repellent.' Dumb maybe, but hardy. It's hard to believe they could live out here and not be dehydrated, by the end of the trail."

She paused and said thoughtfully, "I don't know about this portaging stuff. I like the feeling of being surrounded by nothing but trees."

The canoe, even with all the gear, didn't feel very heavy. It was easy to carry once I'd gotten the balance figured out. But the trail kept going up and even twenty feet of level ground would have felt wonderful right now.

Katrina complained she wasn't carrying enough of the load, reminding me of my own words about sharing. Then she grinned, "We can talk about that on the other end of the trail. I can still dodge the little buggers. But you're stuck under there getting all my CO2, zeroing them in for the kill." She said dramatically.

Then, she giggled and said righteously, "Besides, a girl ought to get to decide where the conversation about sharing is held. Don't you think so, Don, Baby?"

She tried to look deadpan. But she failed because of her jaw muscles quivering as she tried not to laugh.

I tried to ignore her, by continuing up the narrow trail. It had become less gravelly and was now mostly rocks and roots. I knew it had to stop going up. This entire part of the country looked flat.

I couldn't see very far ahead because my head was up inside the canoe. I could see to the sides somewhat, but all that was there was forest and rocks - and lots of both. To the front and rear all I could see was the canoe and a short amount of trail.

After about five minutes the trail narrowed and finally became more level. She moved ahead of me again.

And then Katrina said, "Hey, Don! I can see water up ahead not too far. Heck, we're already there. That wasn't so bad, was it?" She seemed totally recovered from the uphill hike already.

She said, "There don't appear to be many mosquitoes around here right now. Maybe, they don't like this sunny area. How are you doing there, stud?" She chuckled at the sight of me just standing there, not moving.

"I probably only lost a couple of gallons of blood. I hope there's enough left, for nature to take its course, later on today. I can't get a transfusion clear out here." I said.

As I tried to get my breath back from climbing that damn hill, I went on decisively, "You know, climbing that hill would be a great exercise program, all by itself. While carrying a canoe, I mean. And carrying that canoe also led me to realize, why boats have female references made about them. Guys name them. And it's more fun when you're on top of them than when they're on top of you."
