 Home for the weekend, I went over to pick up some clothes my roommate had left at his girlfriend's home. It looked like no one was there but they had a garage and someone was supposed to meet me at the door.

No one answered knocks or doorbell so I went around back to see if maybe they were at the pool. Success! The Mom was there alone. Naked. Sunbathing on a lounge chair. I was entranced by the sight as she'd spread her legs wide and was plunging a bright purple dildo in and out and gasping with pleasure. She was middle-aged and pretty and a bit plump but still curvy and feminine.

To tell the truth I got a boner immediately. Why I just didn't leave, I'll never know. Anyway, she glanced up and screeched a little and pulled a towel over her. I could see she was angry but before she could speak, I began.

"Caught you, Mrs. ____"

She covered herself with a towel and I watched as the anger faded, or rather, was replaced with something else. 

Her eyes flashing, she said, "Pervert!"

"For looking at a beautiful woman pleasuring herself? I don't think that's the right word."

She gave me the evil eye a moment longer, then burst into laughter.

I joined her, laughing, anyway.

Finally she calmed down and said, "Can I get you something to drink?"

This was so ridiculous that we both started again. When we calmed down, she patted the chair next to her indicating I was to sit down.

"Tell you what, darling, I'll give you a kiss for your silence. Just between the two of us?"

I leaned over and we kissed. It was the first mature woman I'd shared a full mouth-to-mouth kiss with. It was a real sexual hot kiss with tongues and we both seemed to enjoy it.

"You're very beautiful, you know," I told her when we came up for air. She smiled and blushed then brushed a wisp of hair from her face, which immediately fell back. This time I brushed it away and she gave me another little kiss to thank me.

"I think I'm going to have to kiss those breasts to be absolutely sure I don't tell anyone what I saw," I said quietly as I looked into her eyes. they were the prettiest green with yellow flecks. I could see my reflection there and for some reason I've never forgot the sight.

"Why, BB, I think you just want to fuck me," she said, covering her breasts with her hands.

I kissed her lips softly by way of reply and stroked her shoulders. She returned the kiss, softly, romantically, tickling my lips with her tongue.

"Come on inside," she told me. It sounded more like an order than a reluctant submission. Older women are so different from the girls I'd dated. At least this one was different. 

She let us into the master bedroom by way of a sliding glass door that opened on the pool. The bed hadn't been made yet so was a bit rumpled and disheveled. She pulled the covers back and lay back on the sheet, opening her legs to show me her bushy red pussy hair. Her skin was pale white around and under the hair where she'd tanned with a bikini.

"Like what you see, college boy?" she said, her voice a bit husky with what I assume was lust.

There were several pretty silken multi-patterned scarves hanging from the bedpost. Instead of replying, I pulled it down and wrapped it around her wrists. She moaned softly so I assumed I'd done something right. The scarf was long enough that I tied it back to the bedpost, pulling her so her arms had to remain over her head. 

"Are you going to make me suck your dick, college boy?" she asked, pursing her lips so I'd know that this was a hint. Instead of answering, I took a second scarf and wrapped it around her eyes. She really liked this and wiggled a bit to get comfortable, teasing me with her pretty body. I was hard as a rock, now.

I went to the dresser and pulled a couple of drawers open until I found her panty drawer. I got a white pair with lacy trim around the leg openings and bunched it up and put it in her mouth. She 'mmmmm'd' a bit but didnt' seem to mind. I found a couple pair of pantyhose and tied her legs open using the lower bedframe.

"I'm going to shave your pussy. I'm going to fuck you but I won't do it until you're bare. You can fight me if you want but it will happen anyway. If you're going to submit to me just nod. Otherwise I'll have to-"

She cut me off with a nod. 

I went into the bathroom and found the razor and shave gel she used. I dampened a washcloth with hot water and grabbed a face towel to put under her.

Back in the bedroom, I arranged things and dampened her hair with the warm towel. She wiggled a bit, enjoying the warm water on her sensitive skin, grinding a bit against my hand. She made a few noises and I pulled the panties out of her mouth.

"I bet you've shaved a lot of pussies," she said. Not really a question but I replied.

"Yours is the first. You're beautiful the way you are but I'm curious how you'll look with all the hair gone." I spread the shave gel through the hair, the caresses of her lips and clitoris rather inherent to the action. She moved under my hand in apparent enjoyment of the sensation.

I began the ritual of removing the hair, holding the skin against the razor, enjoying the sound and feel as the hair slipped away. I wiped the razor clean and went back for more. She made soft little noises of satisfaction and pleasure.

"How do you feel, Mrs. _____" I asked.

"Call me Carrie?" she asked. 

"Carrie, how do you feel?"

"It's lovely. The razor is scary in such a tender location but you're being very careful with me. Are you going to fuck my pretty bare pussy when you're done?"

"Well, yes, but I'm going to eat it first. Do you like receiving oral pleasure?"

She whispered, "Yes" and I could see the thought excited her. I took the last of her hair and had to go back to the bathroom to re-warm the towel. I came back and wiped her carefully, inspecting the pussy. I'd missed a few tiny hairs but didn't want to take the chance of hurting her so I decided to leave them. 

I patted her dry and applied some after-shave lotion I'd found. She squeaked and squirmed as it must have stung a bit but as my touch turned into a caress the lotion did it's work and soothed the skin. I rubbed the bare lips outside and in and got a moan for my trouble. 

I arranged myself so I could kiss my new creation and my hands just naturally ended up on her breasts. I began kissing her, just lips for now, on her thighs and on the pussy. My tongue began to wander and I mixed in some nibbles and licks and worked my tongue deep inside her, tweaking her nipples with my fingers. 

When she ground up against my head I knew I was doing it right. She made the most noise of any girl I'd made love to. She fully enjoyed herself and didn't mind sharing that she was very, very happy.

I pulled away and untied her ankles. I mounted her and plunged my cock inside her and she cried out in pleasure and desire. I tortured her with numerous short strokes alternated with a single deep penetration the full length of my cock. She wrapped her legs around me and tried to hold herself as tightly as possible to me, enjoying the sensation but I was stronger and pulled away to do the short strokes again. 

She cried out in frustration and lust but I just continued the rhythm. I moved my hands to caress her thighs and began tickling around her anus. She moved against me and I slipped the tip of my finger inside her. She moved to have my finger fucking her asshole and it felt really hot as her pussy worked on my cock. I lost it and had my orgasm, squirting a full load inside her. She cried out her pleasure at that sensation and I pulled away.

"Finish me with your mouth?" This a soft request bordering on begging. She arched her pussy up to offer it to me. I could see my come dripping from her.

I began rubbing my thumb around her anus and took her clitoris into my mouth sucking it softly. She bucked against me and fucked at my mouth. I continued to circle the anus, pressing just a little harder. She moved slyly so my thumb would enter her and I suddenly penetrated her bottom hole fully.

I circled her pussy with my tongue and returned to her clit sucking it in and out, in and out, then running my tongue all around her hole. I had another hand so I put two fingers in her pussy and found her G-spot. She screamed out and I felt her pussy and her anus clasping around me. I massaged her deep inside and enjoyed the wonderful sensation of having pleased her. 

My cock was softened now and I just looked over her, still blindfolded and bound to the bed, her legs open with my sperm dripping from her. She panted, a silly grin on her face, loving how she was feeling. She looked so lovely there, a woman so beautiful and feminine. 

I wondered if this is what being in love felt like.

Behind me, a male voice said, "You two look like you're having fun."