 She is such a wonderful, sexy, and erotic woman. Kneeling before me on all fours, her sexy ass high in the air, thighs spread wide, as I kneel behind, thrusting deep into her quivering body as she moans and pushes back. I can feel her clench tight with each plunge, trying to keep me within, but her wetness lubricates me too well as I pull my rigid cock outward, only to plunge back ever so deep with a grunt. I will not last long. I can feel the pleasure rising from my loins, urging release in great spasms of pleasure, filling her with cum. I can feel her quiver and tremble as she moans, and then silence as she inhales sharply and squeezes tight. Her orgasm will surely push me over the edge into the abyss. I clench in response, so rigid inside, and divert my attention from her pulsing orgasm to keep myself from cumming and prolong her pleasure....

Earlier that warm sunny day we met for lunch, a discrete rendezvous from work. Her eyes were bright blue behind wisps of hair and her smile radiant. Her pants hugged her thighs and bum as she walked, resulting in certain firmness in my own as I watched. I was not sure how to greet, being online friends for so long, but never actually having met in person. I hugged her, thinking a kiss was too forward, and smiled inwardly feeling her warm ample breasts pressing against my chest. I smiled sheepishly as we sat across from each other in a booth and ordered an ale and merlot for starters. 

It was a classy tavern, with great food and drink, and a darkish romantic atmosphere. We talked about everything as we got to know each other all over again. I couldn't help but watch her smile as she talked about her work, family, and interests. I loved how she blushed when she talked about sex, and the erotic pleasures she enjoyed. Her cheeks turned red as she looked down at her food, and then up into my eyes with a knowing smile. I can only imagine my expression was much the same. I was surprised and pleased when she placed her warm hand on mine as I rested it on the table. I placed my other hand on hers as I told her how pleased I was to finally meet her. I was shy and embarrassed when she asked if I wanted to make love to her. Then as she looked into my eyes, and I heard her sandal drop to the floor as she lifted her leg under the table and rested her bare foot between my thighs. She grinned naughtily feeling my answer with her toes, rubbing gently as the bulge grew in my pants. We decide to go to her place to enjoy the remainder of the sunny day at her pool. 

It was a secluded spot, with the pool in back and woods on all sides. When we got to the deck she asked me to grab a couple beers from the fridge in the kitchen. I almost dropped the open beers on the deck when I returned and saw her sitting there completely naked. From her large breasts, curvy hips, and stunning legs, she was simply stunning. I'm sure I was staring at her completely waxed pussy when she laughed and told me that no bathing suits were ever allowed in her pool and that I should strip for her like a good boy. I set down the beers and pulled my golf shirt over my wide shoulders then turned bashfully and unbuckled my belt and unzipped my pants. She gabbed me by the hips and turned me back to face her as she tugged my khakis over my hips and down my firm legs. She gently cupped my bulging cotton boxers and peeled them back releasing my erect cock with a bounce. She looked at the precum already dripping from the tip and licked her lips before kissing the underside of the shaft and running her tongue along the head for a quick taste. 

Yum she said and then patted the edge of her chair for me to sit, holding up a bottle of sun lotion and turning onto her front, waiting. I watched her close her eyes with a smile, applying the lotion to her back in spurts, and rubbing it into her shoulder muscles, arms, and lower back. Then as I move to the back of her thighs and calves she parted them wide, exposing her beautiful pussy to view. Her skin was so warm and smooth and the touch sent shivers throughout my body. My cock was rigid with desire. 

Aren't you forgetting my bum she asked with a grin. I stammered yes and squirted some lotion on her beautiful cheeks, rubbing it in. I squeezed, feeling her firm muscles relax and watched as I worked, parting her cheeks wide as I rubbed. She sighed contently and lifted her hips slightly sliding her hand underneath to allow her fingers to touch herself. I watched intently as she slid three fingers along her pink pussy lips, slowly back and forth before bending her middle finger and dragging it between with a moan. 

Caressing her inner thighs, I watched her continue to finger herself, pushing first one then two fingers into her now wet pussy. As they emerged, they glistened with wetness before disappearing again between those beautiful pouting lips. I slide my hand onto hers and held it there as she continued pleasuring herself, only now with more urgency. Then she pulled her fingers from herself quickly, leaving mine in place on her quivering pussy lips. 

She rolled on her side and looked up at me with a naughty smile, reaching out for my free hand, pulling me close. I leaned in and looked from her eyes to her lips and back. Then touched my lips to hers and kissed her, softly at first, and then firmer as she kissed me back. We kissed deeper, her tongue probing, finding mine, flicking as she rolled onto her back. I reached up with my fingers still wet from her pussy, and caressed her large bare breast, gently cupping it and caressing before sliding my thumb over her now hard nipple. 

Reaching out for me, she wrapped her fingers around my rigid shaft and slowly stroked up and down the smooth silky skin. I moan softly into her mouth as we continue to kiss deeply. I run my hands down her front, running my middle two fingertips gently over her clit, and between her pussy lips. I can feel how excited she is as rubbing slowly up and down, using her wetness as lubricant for her sensitive clit. I can feel her respond to my touch, both in her kisses and grasp on my cock. Sliding her fingers up over the head, she feels my own lubricating wetness, as her fingers now glide easily up and down the shaft. 

We masturbate like that as we kiss, each stimulating the other, urging the inevitable release. I clench hard trying to hold it back, knowing I can't. She opens her eyes and looks at me intently to watch me cum. I feel her clench and tremble in pleasure and stroke me hard, causing me to lose my inner battle. My cock spasms and explodes into and through her fingers, sending a jet of white cum onto her breast as I gasp in pleasure. She holds me like, as I shudder, slowly milking my cock dry through the aftershocks. I collapse into her arms and kiss her deeply and lovingly. 

After the waves of pleasure pass into afterglow, we laugh and she tells me what a mess I have made. She continues to stroke my cum covered cock slowly keeping me hard as we lay in each other's arms. I kiss her jaw, neck and collarbone working my way to her breasts. Holding each in one hand, I lift and kiss first one then the other. I lick slowly around her engorged nipples in ever smaller circles, until finally kissing one directly, surrounding it with my lips, and flicking it with the tip of my tongue. I can feel her body shudder as she moans. 

Then I work my way downward over her tummy, along the inside of her hip to her inner thigh. She sighs, lifting her knees, bending them, and spreading her thighs wide. I lick her inner thigh, running my tongue ever higher, until it is pressed against her groin muscle. Then I do the same to the other side. She reaches out and runs her fingers through my hair, gently pulling my head to her. Extending my tongue, I touch it to her outer lip and run it slowly upward one side and down the other, careful to avoid her clit. I repeat this several times until I notice wetness running from the base of her lips, beading, and then slowly running over her puckered anus. That is when I push my tongue between her lips and in one long lick, lap her juices into my mouth, ending with my tongue pressed firmly against her clit. I flick it several times before moving it side to side over her engorged bud. I feel the vibrations of her moans more than hear them as she presses her thighs to my ears and lifts her hips to grind herself against my face. I push my thumb between her lips, gently feeling her opening, and sliding into her warmth. I grasp the cheek of her bum with my fingers and squeeze, kissing her clit directly, surrounding it with my lips, draw it into my mouth, before flicking it with my tongue. Her body jerks as she arches her back, lifting her hips to me and crying out in pleasure. I feel the gush of wetness as she cums all over my chin. I lift my head and watch her body shudder in pleasure and hold her tight. 

After she slowly regains her senses, she reaches for me, and pulls me to her embrace. We kiss deeply in each other's arms. My cock jumps thinking of her tasting herself on my lips. I tilt my head and kiss her deeper feeling my hard cock press against her still pulsing pussy. I slowly rub against her, feeling the wetness, coating my head and shaft in her excitement. She moans into my mouth as we kiss, spreading her thighs wide and resting her calves on the back of my thighs. I look into her eyes as I slide my rigid head along her lips and gainst her clit. Several long slow strokes, pushing a little deeper each time, until finally I pause against her opening. We look at each other, as I slowly push in, feeling her envelop me. 

After just 3 inches, I pause and back almost completely out, before descending again, deeper with each thrust. Four inches, five, and then six, until finally, I am completely inside, and my balls press against her pussy lips, over and over, as we slowly make love. The sensation is unbelievable. 

I thrust over and she lifts her hips to mine as we kiss deeply, each giving and taking in equal measure. Then I plunge deep and kiss her lips greedily, moving my hips side to side, feeling myself slide deep inside. I pause knowing I am on the edge, feeling my cock pulse, waiting for it to pass. 

Then we roll until I lay on my back, and she on top straddling my hips looking down at me. I watch her breasts sway as she lifts and drops, using gravity to force me ever deeper, swaying her hips side to side when I am at my deepest. I reach up and hold her breasts in each hand as she increases her tempo, breathing harder and harder. I lift into her now as she arches her back and closes her eyes. I feel her legs tremble and then feel her pussy clench tight around me as she cries out. I hold her as she shudders and cums in waves, falling forward into my arms. We kiss deeply for a long moment before she slides off next to me, face down, in bliss. 

But before she can recover fully, I stand and kneel behind her, intent on giving her more pleasure. I press my glistening cock, between her thighs and watch as I enter her from behind. She moans into the towel as I slowly push deep into her pussy. She responds with a groan, lifting herself to her knees, and pushing back to meet each thrust with a grunt, forcing me ever deeper. 

I look down at her beautiful ass, her pussy lips beneath, and my shaft emerging from between, only to disappear again and again deep inside. I squeeze her bum and part her cheeks, looking at her puckered anus, watching her clench and release. 

I slide my hand from her hip and reach under to feel her drenched pussy with my cock sliding in and out. I press my fingers between her lips wetting them with our juices, before rubbing them back and forth against her clit.

I feel her shudder and clench, her orgasm approaching with a silent cry. I thrust deep, and clench tight inside, prolonging my own release as long as I can. I wrap my arms around her, holding her torso and breasts as she bucks wildly against me. She cries out like a wild animal in pure pleasure. 

I feel my own pleasure rise within, radiating outward from my cock head, through my pelvic muscles, and up my spine, before the first spasm eject cum deep into her wonderful pussy. I pull back quickly, as the second spasm shoot a string of cum against her quivering pussy lips, and then the final spasm arcs cum up onto her ass and back. 

We collapse together on our sides, our sweaty bodies entwined, as I kiss her cheek and neck. I wrap my arm around her and she presses back against me closing her eyes with a content smile. We stay very close like that, drifting off to sleep, wondering if this sunny day was real or a beautiful erotic dream.