 James Rios's parents had arrived home seven days ago, so he'd been preoccupied. He'd come to school everyday in the morning, but he was so cranky about it. Perhaps they'd grounded him. Taken away his sex toys. Hired a guard to make sure no one was able to visit him and he wasn't allowed to go out. Or maybe it wasn't that at all. Sherry didn't really know that much about his parents. She'd met his dad twice, his mom once. Briefly. They had an even icier aura than he did, despite their surface level charisma.

She didn't know what was going on because he wouldn't even talk to her. She was just a toy after all. An innocent, gullible, stupid girl. A sexual fantasy that was now fulfilled and worth nothing more. He'd stopped sitting directly behind her and opted for the very back of the classroom, his face in shadows underneath the hood of his hoodie. She didn't know what to make of it. It hurt her. A lot.

But simultaneously, his touch replayed in her mind constantly. She could think of nothing else. It was the same thing each day since his parents had gotten back last Wednesday. She came in to Mrs. Ross's classroom, the sight of him already seated sending shivers straight to the hollows of her stomach. His eyes weren't on her. Again, a lack of attention that she was not used to at all coming from him. It truly made her feel like some discarded ragdoll. But the sweaty poundings would invade her mind. All she could do was tear her eyes from him and take her seat, her pussy automatically flooding with the memory, against her own will.

His gorgeous cock, its head leaking pre-cum mere centimeters from her face while her wrists were confined by metal. The feeling of his hands holding her hips against his aroused body. His hold so secure. So safe. So wanted. The look on her face in the boys' bathroom mirror, as he pushed his finger against her throat, his cock twitching in her. Him on both ends. Even the sensation of his balls slapping against her was unforgettable.

What was she doing?

He was making her insane.

"Sherry, are you paying attention?" Mrs. Ross asked.

"Um..." Sherry's face reddened. About ten seconds of silence passed.

Wesley Darc, who was sitting beside her today, jumped in. "Oh it's my fault. I was asking her about Ryan." It was a blatant lie, and Mrs. Ross knew it too.

Still, Sherry smiled at him thankfully. Mrs. Ross nodded, unimpressed, and repeated her last set of instructions before droning on for another ten minutes until class was dismissed.

As everyone gathered up their things and chatter filled the room, Sherry just sat there with her forehead in her hands. What was wrong with her? Was she so much of an attention whore that going seven long days without speaking to either Ryan or James could wreck her this badly?

She sniffed and got out her compact mirror. She was sure her eyes were red. She opened the mirror and dropped it almost immediately, startled by the reflection of James standing behind her chair. It clattered against her desk. She stood up quickly, grabbing her backpack and books and bolting out of the classroom.

After she put things away in her locker, her cell phone started to ring. The screen said Evil, which was the name she'd changed James to last night. She answered it on her way to the girls' washroom, a tingle in her already dripping cunt.

"What is this, Sherry, a game of cat and mouse?" His voice was a growl.

"Who are you?" Sherry replied casually, as she slipped into a stall. She needed to change her underwear. She'd learned to keep a spare now and that was pretty handy.

"Don't pretend you deleted my number."

"I'm mad at you."

"What are you doing right now? Tell me the truth," he said.

Sherry hung up. The truth? She had her hand against her folds, gently humping against herself. But this was ridiculous, she realized. She stopped and wiped herself down, before putting on the spare pair of underwear. Then she washed her hands and opened the washroom door, almost walking into James's chest.

"You idiot," she snapped, but before she could do anything else, he ran his hand in between her thighs and grabbed her ass cheek aggressively before sliding his fingers over her denim covered crotch. Sherry gasped, scrambling away from him. "This is sexual harassment, James."

"You're technically correct."

Sherry wanted to tell him to fuck off. But she had never even said that word before. Living with a kid sister, she'd always been careful with her language.

James continued, "Do you miss my tongue in your mouth?"

He watched as Sherry's face turned red. He loved how much control he had.

"Does time apart make your pussy grow fonder?" he asked, raising an eyebrow, his lips in a smirk.

"Stop trying to confuse me," Sherry said. She'd wanted it to come out strong, but her voice was barely a whisper. "You're...the worst. It's like you have two personalities."

She turned towards the stream of students rushing to get home, silently praying that no one had heard James's lewd words.

"Don't you know the things Wesley says about you? I'm not the worst at all."

Sherry paused, standing in the hallway. She was just so tired. Sleepless nights, trying to get ahold of Ryan but not being able to, trying to focus on homework but just always so distracted by...need. And James not replying to any messages. Was this his twisted version of revenge?

Ryan should've been back by now but he wasn't and his parents weren't answering their phones either. They probably took an impromptu vacation amidst hockey negotiations. Or maybe they were dealing with a contract issue. Who knows.

"You're such a poor little baby," James said, and he grabbed her wrist to make her face him, his fingers unbelievably tight over her bone. "If you wanted something these past few days, why didn't you come up to me? Why didn't you come to see me?"

"I texted you and messaged you."

"Not good enough."

Sherry laughed, amazed. "You're not my boyfriend. We're friends. We were friends."

"So much resentment," he enthused. "You can't function without someone kissing the floor you walk on, can you, princess?" His light tone was tinged with anger.

Her wrist was locked in his iron grip, but instead of struggling she took a step toward him, gathering her courage. She lowered her voice. "Fine. Tell me about the things Wesley says about me. Tell me all about how much better you are. To what end? What do you want, James? What am I to you?"

She saw James's jaw clench, as if he was resisting something. He opened his mouth, glanced at her and closed his mouth. He let go of her, and her arm dropped to her side.

It seemed like everyone wanted Sherry. As soon as Ryan left, his own teammates were throwing comments around the locker room. And James had some friends who were on the team. Friends who happened to share the sordid details one night. They wondered how that pretty face of hers would look with jizz on it. They said she was Wesley's dream girl. That he had a picture of her in a bikini on his phone. That he described just how he'd tie her up if he ever got the chance. How hot it'd be to film her having sex.

And those were all the same thoughts James had had, too. And then some. He was the biggest hypocrite on the planet. Only now that he had his own Sherry Tandon sex tape, suddenly...he couldn't laugh about it with them, couldn't say out loud anymore how fuckable she was. Not in front of them.

Shit.

"What are you to me?" James repeated.

"Yeah. I asked before if you think we're friends with benefits. And you said no. And then...you asked me...no, told me to break up with Ryan. And I am going to, okay, I mean, yes. I am going to. That's what I've decided. Because I love him. And I've done something wrong. I just couldn't get a hold of him. His phone doesn't work in Canada, I guess. And I'm just...I feel like a terrible person. I am."

So fucking adorable when she rambled. So fucking adorable when she did anything. That was what he'd always thought. Even before the sex. He groaned, shoving his hands in the pocket of his hoodie. "You're my addiction. That's what you are. Happy?"

Sherry looked up at him with her amber brown eyes, before looking back down at the floor. "I don't know what you mean," she mumbled.

"How can I be more clear? I don't like you only because Ryan likes you. I don't like you only because you're hot. I like you because I like you. And I did for so fucking long, Sherry. So. Fucking. Long."

Sherry's stomach flip flopped, and she was frozen for a while, her feelings more conflicted than ever. She wanted to reach her hand out to him. She wanted to console him and say those things back to him. But he grimaced and walked away. And she let him.

*******

He complained she hadn't gone to see him. So here she was, walking up past the dead, frozen pansies in the front garden, up to the Rioses' luxury home. But she didn't want to get handcuffed again. Hell no.

The garage door was opening and Sherry waved at James's mother. She didn't see the wave and sped off. Sherry rang the door bell, but no one answered and after two minutes, the Alaskan chill was slithering into her boots, so she walked around to the backyard.

Steam came from the jacuzzi, and as she got closer, she started to see a silhouette. James. In the water.

She stopped walking for a moment, pondering. She shouldn't have come. She and Ryan were still together. This was the rational side of her brain. And then the other side of her brain was screaming at her, shrilly and obnoxious. It wanted James on her, making her forget where she was and who she was.

But if she was going to do this, she was going to do it with her in control this time. She didn't want to be taken by surprise. She didn't want him railing her with pure lust. She wanted him facing her, listening to her, seeing her.

Sherry walked up to the pool deck, standing at the jacuzzi entrance. James's eyes were on her like a hawk, but he didn't greet her. There was some sort of understanding and appreciation already in the air between them. So Sherry began to strip.

She thought she heard James sigh, but the jet streams were on and she couldn't see below his chiseled chest. Bubbles surrounded his perfect body.

Sherry's slender fingers unzipped her jacket. Excruciatingly slow. She shrugged off the jacket and lifted her black blouse over her head, revealing her bright red bra. She stood with perfect posture, her round, perky breasts looking irresistible, her long black hair draped over them.

James sat back, his hand on the base of his shaft. It excited him that Sherry had no idea he was naked under the water. She couldn't have come over at a better time.

Sherry continued, her hands on her hips as she slid her yoga pants off. Again, agonizingly slow. Teasing. Little. Goddess. She turned around so he could see her ass cheeks, round but perfectly proportional to her tiny frame.

By the time she had turned back around, James had moved closer to her. His arm moved against the water, so she could guess what he was doing. That smug smirk was on his face, and he stood up, his wet erection emerging from the hot water with him. Dark pink and enormous.

Sherry stepped backwards in only her red lingerie. "No touching."

James raised an amused eyebrow at her, but he stayed put. He returned his hand to his cock, pumping it gently.

Sherry lifted her hands to her black choker, unclasping it.

"Keep it on," James ordered.

"No, you'll rip it off," Sherry replied, setting it aside on the ground on top of her discarded clothes.

James laughed. "You know me."

"Do I?" Sherry asked, taking off her bra. She proceeded to massage her own breasts for his benefit.

He could feel his cock throbbing in his hand, engorged with blood.

Sherry took off her skimpy red panties and, her knees pressing together, she pressed her index finger against her pussy. "Tell me about you, James," she said, her breathing getting heavy. "Are you close with your parents?"

"Fuck no." He rubbed his boner faster.

Sherry penetrated herself with her finger. "Well did you ignore me because they got back or because you...didn't want me?"

James stopped touching himself, trying to remain in control, not wanting to cum in the water. "It had nothing to do with you. I was in a shitty mood because all they do is hate on eachother when they're in this same house. And I didn't really have to fuck you when I could watch the footage."

Sherry pulled her finger out, suddenly worried, despite how soaking wet she was...juice flowing non-stop. "Or did you go back to your friend with benefits girl?"

"I haven't seen her since that Friday."

"Then is it partly because of Ryan? Because Ryan's not here so it doesn't feel as taboo to be with me?"

"You're really fucking insecure," James griped.

Sherry frowned.

"Why the fuck can't you just take it?" he snapped, suddenly angry. "What I said yesterday."

"I do believe you. I'm here now because I...want to make you happy."

"Good."

"Fine."

"Fine." James sighed. He eyed her naked body, goosebumps on her skin in the cold air. He couldn't not be turned on. She looked better than any model he'd ever seen. His penis throbbed, wanting so badly to be in her, on her, against her. Against any part of her body. "Come--"

"I'm doing the commanding today," Sherry said, interrupting him.

James smiled. "I knew you were a slut all along."

Sherry blushed, but she stepped closer to the jacuzzi. "I got so wet every time I saw you in class. I had to bring a change of underwear."

James grunted appreciatively, his tattooed hand back on his cock.

"I dreamed about you fucking me," Sherry said. Her voice and the word fucking sounded so incredibly sexy. The voice of a sweet little angel paired with the words of a vixen. James couldn't stand it. He wanted to carry her to the lounge chair and shove his cock in her warmth.

Sherry finally stepped into the water, letting her cold body sink into the steaming heat. "Don't touch me," she warned. But she took James's hard cock into her hand, tugging it.

James was amazed at how small even her hand was. Before he could express that, she had wrapped her other arm around his shoulders, pinning his cock between their bodies. She was standing on the lowest step of the staircase into the jacuzzi, so her face was level with his. And she kissed him, her tongue in his mouth, sucking on his saliva like she needed him to live.

He placed his hand on her waist, kissing her back fervently. Then he dragged his fingers down her skin and cupped her ass cheek. She was his. This beautiful thing was his.

He felt Sherry's hand on his cock again as she opened her thighs and guided it in between them. She was so thin, the head of his cock peeked through between her ass cheeks. "James," she moaned, starting to grind against his manhood.

"You're so wet for me," he said. She spread her juices all over his shaft as she grinded. He lifted her chin up to make her look him in the eye. "Does it feel good? Using my cock to masturbate?"

Sherry bit her lip, both her hands on his shoulders. "Did you like my show?" she asked, barely audible. She paused her grinding. "Your penis did."

James's smoky green eyes narrowed, so utterly enticed by her. He grabbed her waist with both his hands, which were large enough to encompass the entire width of her there. And he moved her back and forth, her folds rubbing his shaft again.

"I said not to touch--"

"Your pussy says otherwise."

"Ooh," she cried, as he continued maneuvering her, making her rub against the top of his length. She opened her mouth and he pressed his lips against hers, kissing her hard and deep, the way she deserved to be kissed. And when their tongues stopped battling, she stared at him with wide amber eyes. "Fuck me?"

"Oh, yes." James exhaled sharply. He lifted her up easily and turned so that his back faced the stairs. He sat down on one of the steps and brought her down over him. She held his cock, positioning it at her entrance.

He watched her face contort as the head of his cock parted her, and then her expression changed to relief as the rest of him filled her depths completely. They were connected. They fit so amazingly well. She folded her hands on the nape of his neck, her eyes closed in pleasure. Then she started to bounce, riding him, every landing sending a splash of water.

"James...it's good..." she whispered, as she tilted her head back, half her hair in the jacuzzi water. Her pussy was hot and so tight he wanted to cum. But he suckled her breast as she fucked his hardness, holding back his orgasm.

She rode him faster and faster, sliding up and down wetly. "Babe, you're so hot," he muttered, watching her intently.

His cock was hitting all the right spots. Its shape was perfect. She couldn't stop. Her needy, tight cunt was being satiated at last. "Ohh," she groaned throatily. "Oh, oh, oh."

James's hand caressed her cheek and she held onto his biceps, pushing herself up and pulling herself down onto him. She couldn't stop. It felt too good. He filled her up absolutely, all of her walls squeezing him as he stretched her. She couldn't think, involuntarily dipping her head back as his rod remained stable inside her while she sank down over it. Her neck and tits were so accessible for him, and he licked and sucked and loved her, his hands lightly touching the small of her moving back.

The feeling got more intense, and she was gasping, the hot steam making her writhing body shiny with sweat. "Oh god," she said. "Fuck me."

James held her back with one hand and stood up, driving his hips against her core at high speed, slamming his big cock into her petite body as she held on for dear life, her nails tearing through the skin on his shoulder. She clenched her muscles around him but he kept going, in and out, fucking her through her orgasm, taking her to a new high. Her nails drew blood and she squealed, the pounding opening her to bliss.

Her pussy quivered, with no time to recover. He thrust and thrust, burying himself balls deep each time, all of his muscles working to make her satisfy him, to make her tightness overwhelm him and milk him. Her legs flailed in the air, one on each side of him, and her breasts shook violently as he dominated her.

Finally, he released his load, hot cum splashing against the pit of her well stretched pussy, and she grinded herself over him in circular motions as she felt another stream of cum coating her insides.

Somehow, he was still a little hard inside her, so she wrapped her legs around him, clinging to his muscled body, her chest heaving. "Let's go inside," she panted. "Take me like this."

She rested her head against him, and he obliged, carrying her as he walked into his house. She was still so tight on him, preventing his penis from slipping out.

He set her on the counter in the kitchen, slowly thrusting up into her spent body, watching his cock sliding in and disappearing into her pink cunt. He lifted her left leg over his shoulder, going slow and steady. His left hand was holding her down and he let his right hand, the one with the phoenix tattoo, wander over her flat stomach. She was wonderful. Still so aroused for him, letting him fuck her deeply.

"James..."

"Yes, baby."

"I want to please you with my mouth."

He felt his cock jerk in response. He lifted her up, excited but then concerned. "But you're so tired."

She smiled coyly and kissed his lips, dragging her tongue over his. "Today we're doing what I want."

"Have you done it before?" he asked.

Sherry pouted her full lips and shook her head slightly. "I was thinking... I could cover you in peanut butter. And lick it all off to start. What do you think?"

His cock twitched inside her, but she forced herself to part with it, pushing his shaft out of her slippery haven. Some of her juices flowed out a few seconds later, and then James's white cum. "Help me down."
