 Author's Note: All the characters who engage in sexual activity in this series are 18 or older.

*****

Sherry Tandon had been to his place before, but this was the first time she had come by spontaneously. She knew his parents weren't home. They liked to jet off to random, obscure countries, separately. And they had the fortune to do it. She opened the front gate and took her time walking up to the front door, passing a garden of dead pansies and lilies.

James Rios hadn't been to school in the last week. That was her main concern. That was what she told herself she'd start off with. That was why she was here. She pressed her finger into the circular door bell button and not even a second later, the door was opened. Like he had been there, watching her from the window.

Sherry flipped her thick black hair over her shoulder and smiled brightly, looking up into those stormy green eyes. "Were you expecting me?"

"No. I was busy." His face gave nothing away. He had the same sunkissed skin as always, wearing a maroon dress shirt like he was attending a dinner.

"Was?"

James looked pensive. He beckoned her in and closed the door. God, he was tall. Even though her shoes had a heel, she had to lift her chin to eye him.

"Are you here to make Ryan jealous?" he asked, his pace brisk as he went up the stairs.

Sherry didn't follow, slightly offended. She took a tiny step back. "Should I just go?"

James paused and turned around. "Of course not. I would never tell you to go."

Sherry laughed halfheartedly. "That's good."

James stood up there, watching her with that smouldering gaze. After a few seconds, she finally joined him and they went into his room.

"I brought you the assignment sheet Mrs. Ross handed out on Wednesday," Sherry said as she sat down on his bed. It was one of the two classes they had together at Firwood High. She adjusted her black skirt so that the fabric was under her bum.

"Thanks for your help." James took the paper and placed it on his desk.

"So are you okay?"

"Hm?" He looked back over his shoulder, his heartbeat suddenly in his ears as he realized that a pair of handcuffs dangled from the ceiling in the corner of his bedroom still. He had forgotten to put them away. Fuck.

He glanced back at Sherry. She had brought her legs up onto his bed, the stiletto heels of her pumps digging into his blanket. She was busy tying her hair into a ponytail, not noticing him or the handcuffs behind her.

"Nah," she muttered to herself, letting her hair fall back down. She sighed, and spread her body on the bed, her skirt hitched up a little.

"Sherry."

"I wish I had a king sized bed. Really, I only have a twin size and it's tiny compared to this." Sherry looked up at James. "Sorry, did you want to say something? Answer my question maybe?"

"What question?" he asked, distracted by her bare thighs.

In all honesty, Sherry was the girl James imagined while he fucked other girls. And it was ridiculous in a way, because she was all anyone could ever seem to talk about at school. Even before she started dating the golden boy hockey captain, James had heard even his friends marvel about her. She had only transferred to the school in the beginning of their senior year. By now, it was almost time for graduation, and all James had done was feel pathetic as he cummed into the school's bathroom toilet after particularly stimulating conversations with her. No girl had ever brought him down this low before.

"Are you...okay? That question. You seem off lately. Haven't come to school. Etcetera." Sherry propped her head up.

"If you'd known me longer you'd know that this is natural for me." He leaned against his desk, scanning her. She followed where his gaze was...it was somewhere along her gray stockings. She sat up and adjusted her skirt, shy.

"Well, sorry for not knowing you long enough. You're kind of hard to know, don't you agree?"

His eyes gave nothing away. He came and sat down on the floor by the edge of his bed, his dark brown hair close enough for Sherry to touch with her hand.

"I'm fine. You don't need to be so sweet to me. It just makes things..."

"Makes things what?"

James groaned, hitting his head against the bed's edge. "Why do you do that?"

"Why are you so vague all the time?" Sherry retorted. She shook her head. "I don't really know what I was thinking. You're the one who gives me surprise visits. I should have stayed home and waited. Right? You'd turn up." She swung her legs over next to James's head.

"Ah, so you're used to it now. I've spoiled you."

"Yeah when you stopped everything and basically just peaced out of life, I was concerned."

"You mean when you stopped getting my attention? Why do you like it, when you have other guys just dying to steal your time?" It frustrated him that she could act like this was all normal, all the starry eyed guys at school who turned their heads when she walked in the room.

Sherry tried to stand but James held her shoe, making her plop back down on his mattress.

"That's so rude. Let go."

"I was sick and tired of you and your antics. I needed a break. So I avoided seeing you."

"James. Let go of-"

"Why are you wearing these on your legs?" James fingered the cotton of Sherry's over the knee socks. She blushed and shifted as far away as she could with her stiletto in his grasp.

"They're called socks. And it's winter. I can't just-"

"You know damn well how I feel and-"

"Why are you so talkative all of a sudden? God, you're the most confusing person I've ever known. Let go, okay?" Sherry stood up forcefully, and James let go of her shoe at just the right moment. She landed on her butt, the shorts under her skirt showing. "So rude," she sniped.

James cracked the first smug smile she'd seen that day, but she ignored it and stood, patting her skirt down. He looked so incredibly nonchalant, sitting there with his arm draped over his knee, gold watch on his wrist.

Sherry turned around, intending to walk out of his room. Until she saw the metal handcuffs. It didn't register at first that they were for sex. Sherry had never seen anything like it before. But at least now she knew all the rumours about James's hyperactive sex life were true. Maybe Ryan had been right about him all along. Maybe she was in over her head thinking Firwood's resident bad boy wasn't that bad.

"Does Ryan hook you in things like that?" James's voice from behind her was softly assertive.

Sherry's throat closed up. She tried to think of something sharp to say, but all she could muster was, "You... You must have...used that. With someone."

"You mean today? Yeah. I said I was busy." Sherry jumped when she noticed James standing behind her. "Relax."

Sherry walked into the hall, her face heating up, and James was quick, backing her into the railing. He put his arms out on either side of her, gripping the railing in his palms, making her feel smaller than she already was.

"What are you doing?" she hissed.

"I'd ask you the same. Thought you were going to catch me up on all the school I've missed. And shouldn't you? Since it's your fault."

Sherry frowned. She had never seen this kind of behaviour from James. "It's not my fault. Jerk."

"I'm automatically a jerk if I have casual sex? Or if I crave my classmate's girlfriend?"

"Crave?" Sherry tentatively put her hands on his chest to prevent his face from getting closer. She could feel his minty breath. "Like I'm food?"

"Like you're dessert."

"James, cut it out. This isn't funny. I feel really uncomfortable." Sherry moved her hands to his, prying his fingers off the railing behind her.

"Stop ignoring everything I'm saying. Face it. You've known all along exactly where I stand in this relationship. But you keep it going. You keep testing me."

"I just thought... I thought I could trust you."

"Of course you did."

Sherry furrowed her eyebrows, finally staring up at him. Him and that model face of his. Prominent cheekbones, dark eyebrows, soft lips, white teeth. "What?"

"I don't want to be saying anything anymore." James removed his hands from underneath hers, placing them on her waist.

She squirmed and put her hands back on his chest, moving her head back, panic rising in her as she leaned over the railing. "Idiot. Don't let me fall," she whimpered. She felt his grip tighten around her.

"Stop leaning back and just lean in. I can take care of you." His voice was gruff.

"I - Oh my God. James, stop this. I don't want to."

"But you do. There's energy between us."

"I'm sorry you felt like I was teasing you. I'm sorry. Please stop this."

James moved one hand to her neck, holding her head, thumbing the smooth skin underneath her jaw. His words tickled her ear. "Damn right you teased me. Gave me a boner at school. Twice. So I fucking hate Ryan. I hate him for getting to touch you."

"I love him," Sherry said. It came out squeaky.

"Why do you keep so many other guys at your disposure?"

"That's not my intention. You know that, James!"

"Right. Poor angel."

"James," Sherry said warningly.

He looked down at her, pressing his thumb against her throat. "I want it to be my bite on your neck. Your nail marks on my back."

Sherry didn't even know if he was saying it for her to hear anymore, or if he was just saying it for himself to hear. "Are you deranged? Seriously, I..." she trailed off, her mind whirring. She covered her face with her hands. "Stop staring at me."

A wave of sadness crossed James's expression. She looked so fragile underneath him.

Why did it have to be her that he wanted? Why Sherry Tandon, the girl who within her first month at his school was nominated for Homecoming queen, who made a tearjerking speech in the assembly for her cancer fundraiser, who received so much online bullying when she started dating Ryan Daney. Sherry Tandon, who had to go to the principal's office to report someone vandalizing her locker. Sherry Tandon, who hugged a freshman who recited a poem he'd written for her in the B wing hallway.

James let go of her neck and touched her wavy hair, his gaze lingering on her full, pink lips.

"So you'd really rather be with him now?" James asked, finally letting go of her waist.

Sherry cleared her throat, her long eyelashes fluttering. Even in heels, she was only 5 ft 7. "I came to see how you were, I... didn't expect...you..."

"Okay."

She sighed. Relieved. "Okay." She started for the stairs.

"Sherry."

She looked up at him with her amber eyes, afraid that he felt humiliated. Afraid that he'd never forgive her. "I wish you could come to school again. I...won't do anything anymore. Like...things that make you upset."

James exhaled through his nostrils. Fuck. He couldn't let her leave. He needed to tear off that ruffled blouse. He needed her breath in his mouth. He swallowed his nervousness and raised his eyebrow. Cocky again. "Don't leave before you try on those handcuffs."

Sherry laughed. It sounded like music. "Maybe not."

James considered taking two steps to her and picking her up. It would be easy. She was so slim and lightweight.

"If I do this, will it make you happy?" she asked suddenly.

James cocked his head to the side. "Do I even need to answer that?"

But then she was shaking her head. "It's a bad idea. I don't trust you to-"

"Keep my hands to myself?"

"Maybe I'd do it if it wasn't just us in this house."

"Maybe you should just let me take care of you. Tell me you've never fantasized about us."

Sherry touched her knees together, but James could still see that alluring gap between her thighs. He wanted to just stick his hand against her.

"I have to go," Sherry said. She could feel moisture starting to spread against her underwear. All of his talk was like porn to the ears. She didn't want to become a cheater. She was hated enough by all the girls at school. Why else did she only have guy friends?

This was a horrible idea. Coming here. Checking up on the school's most notorious student. The only rival to Ryan in terms of popularity. The one guy Ryan does not get along with, who she'd insisted had some good in him.

"But maybe I'll try it another time, really."

"Here, I'll give you the key, so you can unlock it at any time." James was back to his confident, mysterious self, talking as if she'd agreed to the handcuffs. He took it out from his pocket and tossed it to her. It fell on the ground.

"Still a no."

James approached her and crouched to pick it up. He stopped and looked at her socks again. "Do you have to dress sexy everyday?" he quipped, his voice light. He chuckled. "I can smell your wetness."

Sherry's breath caught. She kicked him hard so that he lost balance a bit. "You're evil."

"All your fantasies can come true and nobody will ever know."

"Ugh, you're too much today."

"You at least owe me some truth before you go." James stood up, towering over her once again, a piece of his dark brown hair falling over one eyebrow.

"Yes, I mean, yes I think you're hot. Aren't all the most popular people in our school hot?" Sherry said, frustrated.

"So I'm like all the most popular people in our school? Ouch." He took off his shirt, turning so that she was face to face with his beautiful back muscles.

"No. Of course. I like you. A lot. I wouldn't have come if I didn't."

"But you love Ryan." He walked towards his room.

"I love you too." Sherry crossed her arms under her chest. "I love my closest friends," she amended. "And I thought I could trust you but that just now was not...good."

"But I was honest." He looked back at her, inquisitive. Almost innocent.

"But you seemed like you were angry. Like you were...I don't know...going to eat me."

"Hasn't Ryan ever looked at you that way?" James smirked.

"Yes! But not so angry."

"I'm angry because you leave me dry. Every fucking time."

"I can't just do everything you want."

"Yes you can."

"Maybe that's how you think, because you're so rich and-and-"

"Just do what I say. And you'll feel good. Like you got what you came for." James shoved the key into his pocket and walked into his room.

Sherry looked at the stairs and the snow flurry in the windows. She heard James's voice. Quiet but commanding. "Sherry..."

She didn't respond for a while. Memories of moments between her and James flooded her head, and she suddenly felt so guilty. Why did she come here? Was it because she wanted his brooding eyes on her? His tattooed hand on her, caressing her cheek, touching her back, like he did at school when no one else was around. But she did love Ryan. She couldn't see herself dating anyone but Ryan. She also wanted Ryan. Bad. But he was at hockey practice right now. He was going to be drafted for the NHL. She was so confused.

Who in the world was as lucky as her, though?

"You're right," she whispered to the wall.

"I'm what? Say that to my face," he called. She could already see the self-satisfied grin he must have had.

Sherry bit her lip and walked in on him cleaning the handcuffs with a napkin. "I have fantasized before."

"Tell me about it."

"Ummm... they weren't like this." She looked at the handcuffs warily.

"Tell me about your fantasies. Did you imagine your fingers in my hair as I ate you?"

She glared at him. He was so annoyingly seductive. She felt so empty. She felt like she needed to be filled. Even as she stepped towards him, she could feel the wet fabric of her underwear against her skin. "I don't want to get hurt."

"You won't. Haven't I said a thousand times now?" James asked, his green eyes on hers. "I've never felt this way about anyone but you."

"I'm not convinced." He had probably said that line to a million girls.

"This isn't just about... Fuck, just get over here already. I can't wait for you any longer." She watched him release the cuffs from his hands. His hands. It seemed like his hands alone could turn her on.

Sherry sighed, trying to feign unaffectedness. "I'll only do one hand and you have to take it off right away. And then I'm leaving. If this is about more than just my body, you'll let me leave."

James swallowed his saliva and looked at the phoenix tattoo on his right hand. Why the hell was she always testing him? Why Sherry and not one of the many easy girls? He was so hard right now he couldn't think straight. Those long legs, that waist, those collarbones, that swanlike neck, wavy black hair and innocent brown eyes. Walking dessert. With a honey aroma.

He had to say what she needed to hear. He had to say the things that would make her come closer. "Okay. I will. I'll respect your wishes."

"Thank you."

Sherry walked closer to the cuffs, and she put her hands on James's shoulders. She didn't know it but her touch drove him wild. "Don't take advantage."

James's eyes were shiny and unreadable. His jaw clenched. He swiftly pulled her into him, his erection against her belly. The handcuffs hung next to her, just above her elbow. "You've taken advantage. I think it should be my turn," he said, his breath clinging to her hair.

"Ja-"

He groaned and cupped her face, kissing her lips desperately. "I love when you say my name. I want my name to be on your lips forever." Sherry's nails dug into his forearms as he held her, her voice disappearing in his lips. And then he was sucking her neck and twisting her body, until he'd clicked the handcuffs over both her wrists, not just one. "Trust me, angel."

He kissed her lips again, relishing in the taste of her tongue. Then he disconnected his lips from hers and was at her backside. "Oh God." Her stomach was turning with excitement. "James, you promised."

He started rolling her stockings down, kissing the backs of her thighs, her knees in his hands. The way she was cuffed, she had to stick her butt out and lean forward. Absolutely beautiful and perfect. He could not have had a better view. "You knew I'd break it. You knew I wouldn't be able to resist," he said, between rubs and kisses. "Do you want me in you?"

"Shut up."

"I do. I want you tight and writhing." He pressed his hand against her pussy lips through her shorts. He could feel the wetness. With one movement, he pulled down her shorts and underwear. "Fuck." He took a long look at her, lifting her skirt over onto her back. She had a freckle on her left butt cheek. Adorable. He pinched it, loving the view of his tattooed hand on her ass.

"Wait, James," she groaned. "I'm not as experienced as you are. Don't treat me like a toy."

He pressed his fingers against her heat, getting them glistening with her juices. "Don't worry. I will never hurt you."

"No STIs right?" she panted. So cute and rational.

"Clean."

"Kiss me first."

"Fuck, you're needy." James was in the middle of undoing his belt, but he shifted, pushing Sherry's hair to one side and admiring her flushed face and her pert little nose.

"You love me," she said, a sparkle in her pretty brown eyes.

"I sure do," James agreed. He brought his lips to hers, finally receiving a kiss from her, on her own volition. It was sugar.

He broke away from her, and she pouted. She couldn't believe she was giving up, and allowing this to happen. Here she was, chained to the ceiling in James Rios's bedroom on the top floor of his family's mansion. Her ass was out, there for his taking. She sighed, eye level with his pants covered cock. "You won't tell everyone I'm a slut?"

"I think everyone knows," he teased. "But yeah, I won't. You're my treasure. Mine only."

"Let me see you." Her eyes dropped to his crotch.

He chuckled, taking off his belt and stepping out of his pants and boxers. His penis stuck out at her face, long and fully erect.

"Oh, I don't think-"

"We're not backing out now are we?" James fingered her soft hair, his cock grazing her shoulder against the fabric of her blouse, leaving a trail of pre-cum. "I've been so good to you, Sherry. The kiss. The strip. I'm fulfilling both of our fantasies."
