 Authors note:- This is the next chapter in the Poor Becca series. I strongly suggest you read all previous chapters before reading this, or you will not understand the plot or characters. 

***** 

Jemma and I had decided to go our separate ways. I was fed up of her constantly working and never getting to see her. We cared for each other, but it just wasn't going to work. We wanted different things from life. She was all about her career and I was all about enjoying myself. We had made love one last time, in our usual loving and sensual way, which was a nice way to say good bye. It made a nice change from the brutal, rough fucking I had received at Lexa's facility and the one I had given to her. 

That was five weeks ago and I was now alone in my apartment and free to enjoy having sex with men again. I had had a few one night stands and had astonished my lovers with my new found skills. They couldn't believe how filthy I was and the things I would do to them or let them do to me. I had Lexa to thank for that. It got me free drinks, meals and much, much more. Control though sex was a powerful thing. 

I was wondering what else she could teach me, when my phone suddenly buzzed on the coffee table. 

Bing! Bing! 

I picked it up and it was a text from an unknown number. It read:- 

'2330 Sliver people carrier. North end of street. £5000' 

I text back. 

'???' 

Bing! Bing! 

'Don't be late' 

I understood the message, but didn't know what £5000 was all about. It was nine thirty so I guessed I'd find out in a couple of hours. 

I showered and settled down with a cup of coffee while the hours ticked by. I was feeling nervous and wondered why Lexa would contact me, it was usually the other way around. 

At eleven twenty five I locked up and walked to the end of the street. There was the familiar Silver vehicle waiting for me. The door slid open as I approached and I was pulled inside by the bodyguard. The door was closed and we drove off. He passed me the satin sack and I put it on my head as a blindfold, without being asked. 

We eventually arrived at the facility and I was ushered into the same room I had been in before. My blindfold bag was removed and the bodyguard left. 

I remembered back to five weeks ago, when I was last there. I had been anally fucked by four guys on a turntable. They treated me like a series of orifices, taking it in turns to abuse all three of my holes. It was an incredible experience and I hoped I was there for something similar. 

I had gone back to the room with Lexa afterwards and I had given her a brutal fucking of my own, using a double cocked strap on, to drill her pussy and ass at the same time. It was extremely erotic and I had made her cum hard. We had spent the night together and it had been nice to wake up in her arms. We had kissed and stroked each other's bodies lovingly. We were both too sore for anything else and ended up washing each other gently in the shower and then I went home and she stayed to work. 

Now I was back again waiting to see what surprises she had in store for me this time and what the five thousand pounds was all about. 

I didn't have to wait long. The door flew open and Lexa walked in with a large, thin brown envelope. She threw it on the bed and cupped my cheeks kissing me hard on the lips. I responded and reached down to her sensational ass and squeezed it gently. 

"Missed you," she said, pulling away. 

"You too," I said, stepping back to admire her amazing body. 

She was in her business clothes as usual. Black short skirt, white blouse, ankle boots. She looked gorgeous. 

"Have you bothered wearing any panties today Miss Lexa?" I asked, giving her a naughty smile. 

"Now, that would be telling, wouldn't it?" she said, pulling me close and kissing me again. 

I delved my hand up the back of her skirt, feeling for her underwear. I found a flimsy lace thong beneath her skirt and sighed in disappointment. 

"Tease," I said, pushing her away. 

"What sort of woman do you think I am?" she laughed. "Of course I'm wearing panties." 

"I know exactly what sort of woman you are. A very slutty woman, that's what sort." 

She moved away flicking her hair over her shoulder, trying to look sweet and innocent. She sat on the edge of the bed with the envelope next to her. 

"Enough flirting," she said, more seriously. "I have a proposition for you Becca." 

"I thought as much." 

I sat down next to her. 

"How would you like to earn five thousand pounds tonight?" 

I sat back in amazement. 

"What?... How?..." 

"Someone wants to fuck you, that's how." 

"What?... Who?..." 

I was open mouthed. 

"One of our very important and wealthy clients. That's who." 

"How does he even know who I am?" 

"He's seen your films and paid handsomely for the privilege. He really likes you and has asked if he can spend the night with you, here, tonight." 

"Tonight? That's a not much notice. What does he look like?" 

She passed me the envelope. Inside were some photos of an older man in a grey suit. He was ruggedly handsome and extremely well groomed. I would have certainly gave him a second glance in the street. Maybe even a third. He was slim, looked in good shape and had dark hair with flecks of grey. I guessed he was late forties early fifties, but it was difficult to tell, he had aged well. 

"Since when did I become a prostitute?" I asked, putting the photos back in the envelope and holding them out to Lexa. 

"It's not like that. You can fuck him for free if it makes you feel better. It's not like he's some fat ugly guy. He's gorgeous and well presented. He pays us a lot of money for the film access and we want to keep him happy." 

"I'm not just some fuck doll, you can whore out to clients," I snapped, throwing the envelope on her lap and getting up. 

"Becca, we both know what you are." 

"Oh! Do we? What I am then?" 

"You let five guys cum in your pussy. You let thirty guys cum all over you. You fucked your sisters ass and licked her pussy and made her cum. You took four cocks in your ass one after another. You fucked me so hard with a strap on that I could hardly walk the next day. That tells me what you are." 

"A fucking whore?" I asked. 

"No. Not a whore. Well maybe a bit, but you're more than that. You were born to fuck. You have the body for it and the mind. You've never shied away from anything we've made you do. You've embraced it and gave it more that was required. You are a sensational, gorgeous, wild, living sex toy. I've never met anyone like you." 

She got up and stroked my back as I turned away from her, feeling angry, but also embarrassed. 

"You're amazing at sex, that's all there is to it. This guy knows that and wants to reward you." 

"By fucking me for money?" 

"Yes and no. Don't you want some cock Becca? It's been five weeks. Why not make some money out of enjoying a nice fat cock inside you." 

She was trying to sound seductive to get me interested. It was working. 

"Do you know he's got a nice fat cock or are you guessing?" I asked, turning to look her in the eye. 

She backed up and put her hands about twelve inches apart, emphasizing his size. 

"Fucking huge," she said, nodding and smiling. 

"Twelve inches?" 

"Ten and a half actually." 

I felt my panties moisten. 

"Fuck! That is huge," I said. 

"Ten and a half inches of shaved, uncut cock, big heavy balls, full of cum just for you." 

"You dirty bitch," I giggled. "You know just how to get me." 

"So you'll do it?" 

"Is he a heavy cummer?" I asked, licking my lips. 

"Natalie's fucked him. She said he cums bucket loads. He fucked her twice actually in the same night." 

"Natalie's fucked him? Why doesn't he just fuck her again then?" 

"He wants you. He specifically asked for you." 

"Ten thousand," I said. 

"What?" 

"Tell him I'll do it for ten thousand or not at all." 

"I'll ask him then, but I'm not promising anything. Wait here I'll be right back." 

She smacked my ass playfully and left the room. 

I had nervous energy now. I was walking around the room not able to sit still. I squished my thighs together feeling the dampness between my legs. I was getting turned on already and I hadn't even met the guy yet. I picked up the envelope again and thumbed through the photos. He really was a nice looking man. Older than I'd go for, but still gorgeous. The fact he had a massive cock and came like a fountain was all the persuasion I needed. 

Lexa came back after five minutes with another envelope in her hand. 

"You should have asked for more Becca," she laughed, raising her eyebrows. "He didn't bat an eye." 

"He'll pay me ten thousand pounds?" I asked excitably. 

"Yep. No problem. Here you go." 

She threw me the envelope. It was full of money. 

"Holy fuck!" I gasped and threw myself backwards onto the bed, clasping the envelope. 

"He wants you in twenty minutes, we better dress you up for him." 

"What's wrong with what I'm wearing?" I asked, looking down at my yoga pants and t shirt. 

"Nothing if you're going to the gym," she mocked. "He has expensive tastesand wants an expensive looking girl." 

"So what am I going to wear?" 

"Ah! We'll go shopping Becca. Come with me to the dressing room." 

I followed her out of the door and down the corridor. She stopped outside another door, opened it and we went inside. 

I was in a large room full of clothes on hangers. It looked like a small shop with fitting rooms and mirrored walls. 

"What the fuck?" I whispered out loud, in drawn out words. 

"Welcome to the dressing room," announced Lexa, raising her arms and spinning round, as though she was giving a guided tour. 

"Whose is all this stuff?" I asked. 

"The facilities. We are well funded. Take whatever you want. When you're finished put it in the laundry chute in the corner." She pointed to a silver funnel at the far end of the room. 

I walked round the room in awe of the amount of clothing that was there. The room was laid out in sections. There was a lingerie section, foot wear, jeans, yoga pants, dresses, suits, shirts, trousers, jewellery you name it, they had it. Next I passed a sex toy section full of dildos, strap-ons, vibrators, butt plugs and other items I didn't recognise. 

Lexa stopped at some of the first clothes racks and was sorting through them, looking for something for me to wear. I carried on perusing the racks. I found an array of uniforms for police, soldiers, school girls, nurses and doctors to name but a few. Down the end of the room was fetish wear, leather suits, rubber suits and even adult baby rompers. 

I picked up the school girl outfit and held it up to my body for sizing. 

"What do you think?" I asked Lexa. "Would you like to see me dressed as a school girl?" 

"Only of you wore virgin white, school girl knickers with it and then peed yourself in front of me." She said in a matter of fact tone, not looking up from the clothing rack. 

"Really?" I asked. "That would do it for you?" 

"Of course, you know I have a pee fetish, but there's no time for that today." 

"Wow!" I said, picking up a pair of white, full back panties. "Maybe I could give it a go." 

I held them over my waist and pretended to squat, making a pssssss sound, as though I was urinating. 

"Becca! Concentrate! Stop messing about and come over here," she said sternly. "We can come and play dress up another day, we've not got long." 

I put the items back on the rack and bounded over to her. 

"What have you found?" I asked, like an excited puppy. 

She started handing things to me. 

"Take this...a pair of these...this matches the panties...these boots..." 

She looked at me all loaded up, like a child on a shopping trip. 

"...I think that's it, strip off and get changed in the fitting room or just do it here, it's up to you." 

"Don't you want to undress me," I asked, looking slutty, trying to entice her to play. 

"No time. Hurry up. Play time will be another day." 

I dumped the pile of clothes back in her arms and took my T shirt off, kicking off my boots at the same time. I wasn't wearing a bra. I pulled my yoga pants down and stood in front of her in just my panties. She was watching me undress. 

"Panties too Becca," she said, smiling at my naked breasts. 

I slowly wiggled out of my knickers, with her watching my every move. 

"Fucking hell Becca are you already wet down there?" she asked, looking at the gusset of my wet panties as they hit the floor. 

"Just a bit," I said, flicking them with my foot in her direction. 

She caught them in mid-air and examined the crotch. It was slimy as she ran her fingers over the fabric. 

"He's in for a good night with you," she laughed. "He's a lucky bastard. Wait until he sees how juicy you are." 

I giggled and started to get dressed. First I put on the white lace thong, that she had passed to me. I pulled it up slowly and adjusted it round my large labia to make sure I was tucked in. Then I put on the matching strapless, balcony bra, which was almost see through it was so thin. I thought all the gear must have been hellishly expensive, I could feel the quality of it. I stood there in my virgin white lingerie and gave her a twirl. 

"Perfect," said Lexa. "Sexy little slut." 

She passed me a white, slinky cocktail dress. 

"Put this on, let's see if it fits." 

I unzipped the back and stepped into it. I pulled it up onto my shoulders and turned so Lexa could zip me up. She did it without me asking her. The dress was extremely short, just covering my ass, and left very little room for movement. It had wide shoulder straps and a balcony style bust area similar to the bra. It showed my cleavage, but not too much. It fitted like a glove, quite literally, as though it was designed and made just for me. 

"Boots too," said Lexa. 

I tried to pull on the left boot. 

"Too small," I said, passing it back. 

"I'll get another size," she said, walking over to the footwear section. 

"I'm usually a size four." 

She came back with a new pair and I pulled them on. They were a better fit. The boots were white, matt, leather and came up to just above my knees. They had a long zip up the side, which I pulled up. I straighten my dress, which had rode up slightly and I stood in front of the mirror. 

"Wowzers! Do I look like a sexy minx, or do I look like a sexy minx?" 

"I think he might lose his load in his shorts when he sees you," she laughed, coming up behind me. "That's what a thousand pounds worth of clothing does for you." 

"How much?" I exclaimed. "I've never worn such expensive clothes." 

"They're on loan, but if he decides to rip them off you, don't worry about it," she giggled. 

I continued turning side to side enjoying my new look. Lexa put her arms round my waist from behind and kissed my neck. 

"You can wear that for me sometime, if you'd like. You look so damn sexy," she whispered. "Maybe we could go for a meal somewhere together." 

I turned and kissed her lips. 

"Mmmhhhhhmm I'd love that." 

She pulled away, looking me and up down with a puzzled look on her face. 

"You need a couple of finishing touches Becca." 

She walked down the dressing room to a jewellery section and came back necklace made of large white pearls. 

She undid the clasp and put it round my neck from behind. After closing the clasp she stood in front of me and looked at me again. 

"A pearl necklace?" I asked, giving her a knowing look. "Really? You dirty bitch." 

"Not that sort of pearl necklace Becca," she laughed. "He likes pearls, that's all." 

"If you say so." 

"One more thing required," she said, moving closer. 

She pulled my dress up, and pushed her hand inside my thong. Her fingers quickly found my overhydrated pussy and she dipped two fingers inside me. I gasped at her sudden attention and was starting to enjoy her fingering me when she stopped and pulled them out. She held them up to the light, looking at my stringy, wetness on her fingers. She gently moved my hair behind my ears with her other hand and wiped my love juice onto to neck, both sides. Then she wiped her fingers across my chest and down to my cleavage. 

"Pheromones," she said. "Just a hint of your musky scent on your pulse points and breasts. This will drive him wild and he won't know why. Just a little trick of mine." 

She sucked the residue from her fingers and then stepped back to look at me one last time. 

"You're ready," she said. "Let's go." 

I suddenly felt nervous again, my stomach was in knots. The fun with Lexa was over and I was about to prostitute myself for the first time in my life. I looked like a well presented classy, sexy lady, but I felt like a cheap whore. 

"I don't even know his name," I said, walking towards the door. 

"It's Ethan Green, he's forty nine and one of our biggest clients." 

We walked down the corridor, further down that I'd been previously. The carpet was plush and smelt like a show home. We stopped outside the last door on the right. 

"Have fun Becca. Take this opportunity to practice your seduction techniques. Remember you said to me you wanted to have greater control of men, now's your chance to try it out." 

"What if he doesn't like me?" 

"He asked for you remember. He'll do more than like you. Just be your usual slutty self." 

She opened the door and ushered me inside. She didn't follow me in, she just closed the door behind me, gently and I was alone in my new surroundings. 

The room was dimly lit, completely different to the filming studios I had been in before. It was warm and welcoming. In the middle of the room was a large double bed, with white satin sheets. The bed had a modern metal frame, with railings at the foot and head of the mattress. It looked comfy, but I didn't think I'd be doing much sleeping on it. 

In the corner of the room there was a bar. It had bottles of spirits and wine on the counter top and was lit with trendy LED lighting. Next to the bar were two plush leather arm chairs facing each other and a matching three seater sofa. 

There was movement from one of the chairs and a man got up to greet me as I approached. 

"You must be Becca," he said, holding out his hand. His voice was soft, but powerful. 

"Pleased to meet you Sir, you must be Mr Green," I held out my hand. 

He took it and kissed the back of it gently. 

"Please. Call me Ethan, Becca. This isn't a job interview." 

"OK. Ethan, it's nice to meet you," I said, repeating myself. 

He smiled at my nervousness. 

"You look stunning. Absolutely beautiful. Everything I hoped for and more. You look even better than you do on film." 

His voice was almost hypnotizing. 

"Thank you," I said. "You're not too bad yourself. You look younger than you do in your photos." 

"Would you like a glass of Champagne?" he asked, guiding me to the bar. 

"Only if you're having one." 

"Ah, sorry. I've already started without you," he replied, handing me a glass of bubbly and picking up his own half empty glass. 

"Cheers." 

We clinked glasses. 

"Take a seat," he said, gesturing to the arm chair. 

"Thank you." 

I smoothed my super short dress down and sat on the edge of the chair, giving him my full attention. He waited until a was seated, like a true gentlemen. He was wearing black trousers and a dark grey shirt and matching tie. He was pristine as though he had just stepped out of a catalogue. 

He sat down opposite me about two feet away, his eyes sparkled in the dim light as I caught him looking at my toned thighs. 

"Stunning," he said, realising I'd caught him looking. 

"I work out most days. I like to take pride in my appearance." 

"So I see." 

He was a confident man, but seemed out of his comfort zone somehow. Maybe he was nervous too. I thought I'd try and take control and move the conversation towards my stronger points. Being dirty and seductive. 
