 Connie was an old friend of Tamera's. She didn't have a car when she arrived at the airport, so I drove Tamera to pick Connie up at the airport when she first arrived. It had been years since the pair got to hang out in person, and Tamera was so excited to see her after they'd remained friends online the whole time.

She was also excited for her to meet me. I'd been single for a while by then, and I didn't have much of an opportunity to meet new people thanks to late shiftwork. I was working at a datacenter from three in the afternoon until midnight, not really great for the social life. Tamera was a constant friend from the time we were kids, so she never let me drift away. Back then she'd hug me so excitedly every time she saw me that her boyfriends would get quietly jealous, and she still does sometimes.

When we picked Connie up at the airport, I was astonished by her. Okay, a lot of guys like leggy, blonde babes with that crazy body tone that's popular right now. I've always been into curves. Nice, Marilyn Monroe, nineteen fifties housewife, big-bottom girl curves. Even in a long shirt that almost covered her whole bottom - which was clad in black tights - I could see that Connie was ample in every way that counted. She was shorter than Tamera by a few inches too, and she's only five foot three. With nice, long brown hair, olive skin and big hazel eyes, that woman had me the first time she looked at me and smiled shyly with those full lips.

Tamera gave her a hug that was so enthusiastic that she almost leapt into it. The pair giggled for a moment, giddy at seeing each other, then Connie was brought to me by the hand. "This is Jeremy," she said.

Connie smiled and gave me this warm hug on tiptoes. Her head went right over my shoulder, arms up around my neck, and her body leaned against mine from knee to breasts. The scent of oranges and lilac drifted up around her, and I was in heaven for a minute. "Tamera's told me so much. It feels like I already know you."

"It's good to meet you," I managed, taking her luggage the moment we parted. I'd gotten a little too happy in that close embrace, and I was at half-mast. I don't know if she noticed, but if she did she made no indication. I took care of her luggage - a carry-on and hard case on wheels - while she joined hands with Tamera and led the way back to the car. They shared the back seat on the way to Tamera's place.

Listening in on their conversation during the hour-plus ride home, I discovered that Connie hadn't had much luck with guys back home, and there was some smiling and whispering interspersed through topics. Her eyes would meet mine in the mirror every once in a while, and there was always a smile on offer.

"What do you do for a living, Jeremy?" she asked.

"I look at suspicious or incorrectly filed tax forms," God, I wish I had a better answer. I didn't even look like some guy who worked in an office. I went to the gym a couple times a week, walked to work most of the time, and took care of my parent's house, so I might have looked pale then, but normally I had a farmer's tan, and I'm not very tall, so I look pretty solidly built. Sure, I have a little gut that I've never been able to get rid of, but the girlfriends I had never complained. "It sounds boring, I know," I added. "And, oh, God is it ever, but it pays well, and the people I work with are nice."

"Are you with anyone?" she asked. I peeked in the mirror and thought I caught her blushing, but she looked away before I could be sure.

"Nope. I'm stuck working nights, so the people I meet are all at work. They're married, part time retirees or way too young."

"Aw, we'll have to do something about that," Connie said with a playful grin. Then I was sure she was blushing.

I dropped them off, got a brief hug and a thank you from Connie, then I continued on to start my shift. I didn't have a chance to see her until that spring, in early June. Work was crazy thanks to tax season. She was a great online communicator though, so I found myself having long conversations with her using live chat programs, exchanging music and funny pet videos while we were at work, and before long I talked to her more than Tamera.

Connie landed a job at a florists' place as an arranger thanks to a night class degree she never thought she'd use. A lot of suitors made their way through the shop. Most of the people who chatted her up and left their number behind were buying flowers for their sisters or mothers, but a few were obviously buying for their wives. She skipped those and took a picture of anyone who left their number behind, telling them that she had to get approval from a friend before she could date anyone.

It was a gag she and I kept up. I'd get a picture of some bonehead who was wearing his best grin and a question from her; "Should I?" Every time my answer was something like; "Nah," or "Pass," or on one occasion I replied; "Looks too much like a horse. Imagine the children???" She put my quote on his picture then printed it out for the break room, where I'm pretty sure it still gets a few laughs.

I finally had four days off in a row in June. By then Connie and I were telling each other good night via video chat pretty much every night. If we missed each other, there would be a text instead.

Tamera's new boyfriend was well off, and he had this amazing pool setup in the back, with a sun room that had broad loungers in it and floor to ceiling glass doors that slid out of the way for summer. Rain or shine, snow or sun, you could sit by the pool. I got there at around noon, after taking care of my parent's lawn. Tamera leapt on me, wearing a little thong bikini. I caught her as usual and we hugged for a moment. When I lowered her to her feet her boyfriend, Craig was smiling at me, offering his hand. This guy had nothing to worry about where I was concerned. He was tall, in better shape, had much better hair, and confidence to spare. "It's good to meet you," he said warmly, shaking my hand firmly.

Tamera told me Connie was changing into a swimsuit, then disappeared to check on her. Craig immediately wanted to talk taxes. It was boring, but I played it up because the alternative was searching aimlessly for something he - a millionaire - and I had in common. That could get dodgy.

We moved to the sun room, where a breeze kept it cool, and we could look out over the pool and deck surrounding it. The place was fenced in for privacy, fifteen feet of height bought a lot of that. I jumped into the pool after him, and swam around enough to get refreshed, then Craig resumed asking me questions about late taxes, loopholes and the biggest mistakes most people made on their forms. I answered him as though every question was a compliment. We'd get through all his questions eventually, then I could ask him what it was like not worrying about money, or not having a sixty-hour work week. Those were good places to start, because I was genuinely curious, I'd been running in the same rat-race for nearly a decade.

I'd made my way to the shallow end when Tamera emerged from the house with a grin. "Connie forgot her one-piece, so we found something in Craig's guest suits."

I was speechless as Connie appeared in the doorway wearing a black string bikini. The cloth had a little shimmer to it and was stretched taught as the triangles tried to contain her full breasts. For the first time I saw her curves bare. My eyes looked up her short, shapely legs, over the womanly hips, her little belly - and she had one, I loved it - her full bust and arrived at her sheepishly smiling face. I grinned at her and started up the stairs that would take me out of the pool.

I know Tamera loved watching us as I approached Connie, who was walking towards me with no confidence at all. It was as if she wanted to cover herself a little but didn't know where to start. Then she realized I was dripping wet. "You're beautiful," I told her quietly. I extended my hand and as soon as she touched it she shrieked; "You're freezing!" Her hand was still on mine, though, and I wasn't gripping it, so I guided her ever so slowly towards me.

"There's one way to fix that," I told her. "Get wet, and we'll both be nice and cool."

"This is a tanning bikini, it'll move around if I try to swim."

"It's good for swimming too," Tamera said. "Well, at least the bottoms are."

I drew here closer, and closer, and she started audibly protesting with an, "EeeeeeeeeeEEEEEE!" sound, but Connie let me put my cold arms around her. "Ohgawd! Ohgawd!" she squealed as she braved my chilly body and slid up against me. I ran my hands up and down her back, her hips, then I walked us to the edge of the pool and misjudged the edge. We both screamed as we toppled in and she came up gasping, the bikini top was still in place, but barely. I got a glimpse of her from behind and realized that her cute, chubby bottom was bare except for a g-string. She bounced a little, turning in place before jumping up at me. I caught her, the feeling of her wet and full body in my arms exquisite.

"I can't believe you did that!" she laughed, kissing me briefly. It was our first, and it was playful, fun.

"I didn't mean to drop us both in," I told her. "Just you, and I missed a step."

Connie mock-gasped, pretended to be outraged abut she was smiling the whole time. She must have known I was as rigid as a telephone pole, I could feel myself trapped between us, and when she put her arms around my neck, I kissed her. We were into tongue play in seconds, her legs wrapped around my middle, one of my hands cupping one of her buttocks, while the other ran up and down her back.

I don't know how long we spent in our own little bubble, but Tamera and Craig had enough time to completely set up a portable bar with almost all the alcohol and fixings for drinks, including plugging in the new bar fridge built into it. We didn't notice at the time, though, so Tamera, who had put shorts on over her thong bottoms, came to the edge of the pool and splashed us a little. Our upper halves had started to dry, so they hit us like little ice droplets. "We have no vodka, and there are only two wine coolers left, so Craig and I are hitting the liquor store in town. It might be a little while." She grinned at us and skipped off.

"I'm getting pruny," Connie told me, her legs still wrapped around my middle.

I carried her to the steps leading out of the pool and we headed to a lounger with a thick mattress on it that was made for two. I watched her stretch out as I laid down beside her. When I was settled in, she rolled on top of me. My hands were immediately stroking her back, her bottom, her hips as we resumed our epic make out session. "Thank God you're a good kisser," she breathed against my lips. "I was so afraid we wouldn't click in person."

I massaged her lower back a little and she moaned, grinding into me. I'll never forget that she started it, that she was eager to be with me. It had been a long time, and I know my body was ready, I was stiff between her thighs. We ground together, lip locked, her heavy breathing in my ears. I didn't know then but her bikini was extremely thin, and the stretchy fabric was perfect for her to grind her sex against the length of my rigid cock. I liked it, her grinding was awesome, hot, absolutely primal, but she loved it. After a few minutes her hips moved more insistently, she broke from our kiss, and she arched her back, moaning; "Ooooooh, ooooooo, oooooo!"

It was obvious that she'd ground herself right to orgasm. I turned us onto our sides and cupped a breast that escaped her bikini top. Connie was catching her breath, but I couldn't resist popping her nipple into my mouth, enjoying the hardening circle with my tongue. "That's nice," she breathed, reaching back and pulling the strings behind her back, undoing the knots holding her bikini top together.

Her hand slipped into my shorts, and she started stroking me. I switched my attention to the other breast, nibbling her nipple lightly, then circling it with my tongue a few times before drawing it in and really enjoying her breast. Her sighs and moans told me that she might be busty, but she was still sensitive enough to enjoy what I was doing.

Then, everything stopped. Connie flipped onto her stomach, her hard nipple yanked out of my mouth, and her hand popped free from my shorts, leaving me throbbing in there. "We're back!" called Tamera as they came through the foyer into the back yard.

Connie sighed and shook her head. "The worst timing," she whispered.

I kissed her, agreeing with a; "Mmm-hmm."

"The store a few blocks over had everything. Well, you guys look cozy," Tamera said when she spotted us together on the lounger. "Oh, we're going topless?" she said, undoing her bikini top at the same time. I realized that Connie's top was nowhere to be seen at the moment, and seeing her wide-eyed expression, I think she had the same thought. 

"I guess so," Connie giggled, blushing.

"Wine cooler?" Craig offered as he unloaded the bags at the portable bar.

"Here I go," Connie said, taking a deep breath. She sat up, nothing but a little g-string bikini bottom protecting her modesty.

I sat up and made sure she knew I was looking. "Amazing," I breathed, taking her hand and kissing the back of it. It seemed a little backwards, or too late, considering she'd just ground to an orgasm on top of me, but it made her smile, so it was the perfect gesture as far as I was concerned.

We sat around, picked at vegetable platters and drank white wine, wine coolers and beer for a couple hours, feeling like the sun was our friend again for the first time after a long winter. Connie opened the sunscreen and started spreading it around. I watched, she knew it, and she made a show of doing her legs, starting at her feet and working her way up. By the time she made it to her waist, Tamera was doing the same thing, attracting the attention of her new boyfriend as he rejoined us with another round.

Connie made a real display of massaging the lotion into her breasts, staring at me for half of it. I wanted to help out, trust me, but I had no idea how stiff Tamera's new beau was. Would he get uptight if I pulled her bottoms off, dropped my shorts and took her right there? I would have done it, and I know she would have definitely welcomed it.

I smeared the stuff on myself with much less ceremony and was finished in time to watch her flip onto her stomach and look at me with an eyebrow raised. That was all the invitation I needed.

I put the lotion on my hands, let it warm up for a moment, then started massaging her at the waist. A groan told me that I was on the right track, and I kept it up. Skinny little women have nothing on her. Caressing and massaging her body was a pleasure, and she responded to my kneading hands until her breathing started getting regular and deep. Connie was wonderfully relaxed.

"Um, Craig has something to show me inside, we'll be back... in time for dinner," Tamera said, leading her boyfriend, who was all smiles, into the house. I heard them laugh and run up the stairs. We were alone at last.

I was finishing Connie's shoulders, so I thought I'd take a big risk. I slipped off of her, trying not to rock the lounger, dropped my shorts, then straddled her again. She didn't seem to notice, so I resumed massaging, starting with her bottom. When I finished working her buttocks I slowly pulled the side-ties of her bikini, waiting for her to tell me to stop, or to prevent her bottoms from coming apart with her hand, but the knots came undone without resistance.

I massaged her inner thighs gently, finally reaching the swell of her sex, where I slowly pulled the triangle of cloth away. I grazed her outer lips with my fingers, listened to her sigh, and then left that space alone. I couldn't get the sight of her massaging her breasts out of my mind, so I got more lotion on my hands, gently lifted her shoulder and pulled it up a little until I could cup her breast and caressed it. As I began to knead, enjoying the heavy, wonderful feeling of her breast in my hand, I heard her sigh and faintly murmur something.

"Is this okay?" I asked quietly.

Connie sighed again, her head settling against the pillow. I pulled her nipple a little and she gasped the most relaxed gasp I've ever heard, her eyes still closed. I lowered her shoulder back down, releasing her breast and made sure she was comfortable before I ran my hands down her back in long strokes. For the first time, I wondered if she was sound asleep. "You still with me, Connie?" I asked, leaning down and kissing her on the cheek.

"Mmm-hmm," she answered absently.

I ran my hands down her body, stopping at her thighs and worked my way back up to that beautiful space between them. My thumbs found her outer lips and I massaged them, watching as they parted, revealing wet inner petals. Her groans were relaxed, definitely a sign that she was enjoying it.

I was rigid, my member hovering over her sex. I kept massaging her intimately, gently, and before long my thumbs were slicked by her juices more than the suntan lotion, a lot more. I lowered the tip of myself until it was touching her entrance, and she pushed back, taking my head. I pushed forward, sliding almost all the way in with one stroke. The lustful, loud whine she made and the sight of her hands gripping the pillow under her head were a huge turn-on, and I pulled part way out only to push the rest of the way in. "I-I thought I was dreaming," she breathed, looking over her shoulder, at my waist, then back up into my eyes. "I can't believe you're inside me."

I have no idea why, but I drew out slowly, almost all the way. She watched, her mouth open, her eyes wide with shock. I ran my hand down her back, staring into her pretty brown hazel eyes. Connie's breath caught as I started moving back in. I did so slowly, watching her reaction, turned on by the surprise there. Half way in, she whined, looked at me sinking into her. "I dreamt that I felt you, and moved," she whined again as I disappeared into her completely, balls deep. "Fuck," Connie groaned.

"Is-" was all I got to say before she interrupted me.

"Fuuuuck, that's good," she moaned, dropping her head back onto her pillow.

I started to move, lowering so I could gather her in my arms and kiss her. "So, yes?" I asked.

"Don't you dare stop," she told me, her voice half choked. "That's the only way I want you to wake me up; deep inside me."

I we kissed deeply as I started to move. Her intimate grip on me was hot, and so wet, she felt amazing. The feeling of her in my arms, her lips and tongue playing urgently was almost as good. When we parted, I swept her hair to the side and kissed her neck, behind her ear and she breathed with my firm thrusts. I'd dreamt of being with her, wondered what it would be like to feel her ample curves under my hands.

During the quietest hours, after we'd said goodnight, I imagined fondling her breasts, caressing every part of her body so I knew everything by touch, and slipping inside her, making her come before I filled her with me. The reality was so much better. Her bottom often pumped up into my thrusts. The shifting expression on her face, mostly lustful, were hypnotizing, and while I was going slow, her breath came at my pace. 

We kissed again, but briefly. Her hand caressed my face tenderly, then she said; "Fuck me. Break the lounger and come on my back."

I sat up, pressing as deeply inside her as I could, and watched as she gripped the pillow, pushed her bottom into me a little, raising it up. "I can feel you pushing," she said, groaning. "Pushing up in me." I fucking loved the sight of her back, her bubble bottom, and her hazel eyes as she looked over her shoulder, biting her lip.

I pulled out again, then dropped hard, her ass slapping against me, an involuntary cry escaped her throat. At first my thrusts were deliberate, well-paced, full depth strokes that prompted grunts and little cries with the abrupt delivery of every inch I had. "God! This! Feels! Good!" she cried as I came down.
