 Authors note:- This is the final chapter in the Poor Becca series. I strongly suggest you read all previous chapters before reading this, or you will not understand the plot or characters.

Friday date is date night. That's what I always used to say. This date night was going to be particularly special as I was finally going out with Lexa. The woman who had repeatedly kidnapped me and subjected me to sexual experiences a million miles away from what I had been used to.

We had tried to go out together a couple of weeks ago, but I was kidnapped by a rival film maker and subjected to further degradations at the hands of Victor.

Fortunately for me, Lexa had then organised my revenge on Victor, which had been superb. I had dominated and humiliated him into shutting down his operations and threatened him to never abuse young girls again, either willing or otherwise. He had gotten what he deserved. Once our filming was over I had gone to the dressing room with Lexa to pick out clothes for our date.

That was two days ago and now here I was, getting ready once more for a night of dinner and sex with a woman I knew very little about. Hopefully this time there would be no interruptions. I had showered, done my hair and makeup and was now sitting naked on my sofa, painting my nails. I wanted it all to be perfect and I wanted to look my best for her. I knew she would be doing the same.

My outfit of choice for the evening was a tight grey strapless dress with a long prominent zip at the back, from top to bottom. It was tight fitting and very short. There was a small slit up the left hand side and it looked and felt sensational. I could wear panties with the dress, but no bra. After my ordeal last time, when I didn't wear any knickers, I decided to wear a lace grey G-string to cover my modesty. After all, bending over would show more than I should due the shortness of my dress.

Lexa was picking me up personally this time, at seven and it would be a thirty minute drive to the hotel.

I picked up my new phone. Lexa had given it to me as a present and she told me it was untraceable. We weren't leaving anything to chance this time. There were no messages from her so I thumbed in a text, to tease her a little and pressed send.

"Not long now sexy. Hope you're wet for me xxx"

She replied straight away.

"Dirty slut. See you in ten minutes."

I was hoping for something more, but she was obviously keeping me waiting.

I got up off the sofa and went to my bedroom. My dress was laid out on the bed with my knickers next to it. I pulled the G-string up my tanned legs and into the crack of my ass. I adjusted the underwear to tuck in my ample labia. I was already feeling horny at the thought of what was to come. I put the dress on, back to front to enable me to do the zip up and then swiveled it round and into the correct position. My large breasts held it in place and I looked stunning. I gave a couple of twirls side to side to admire myself and then put my shoes on. Grey high heels to match my dress.

I went to the kitchen, finished my wine, picked up and my overnight bag and dropped it at the door.

I was just about to walk back to the sofa when my phone beeped.

Bing! Bing!

It read: "I'm here. Silver people carrier"

I looked out of the window and saw the car pulling in. I locked up, put my white leather jacket on, picked up my bag and went out to meet her.

As I got to the car, the sliding door opened and Lexa put her head out with a huge smile on her face. I jumped in, threw my bag on the front seat and climbed into the back with Lexa. The driver pressed a button to close the door and we sped off.

"Lovely to see you again Becca," she said, almost formal.

"You too, how are you?"

"I'm good. The hotels about thirty minutes away so relax."

She was wearing a long coat so I couldn't see what she was wearing underneath. She seemed a little distracted.

"Is everything OK?" I asked, sounding concerned.

"Yes Becca, everything's fine."

She shuffled over on the back seat and linked arms with me. I turned towards her and we kissed. The smell of her apple shampoo caught my nose as her soft lips touched mine in a gentle lingering kiss. She pulled away first and leaned back, looking me up and down. She reached forward and opened my jacket to see my outfit.

"Gorgeous," she gasped, "it really looks amazing on you. Perfect fit."

"Thank you," I replied, "I have you to thank for picking it out for me."

"Underwear?" she quizzed, trying to look up my dress.

I closed my legs tightly.

"You'll have to wait and see," I said.

"Well I can see you're not wearing a bra Becca, so I'm guessing no panties either," she laughed.

"Well you'd be wrong then," I said.

"Prove it. I don't believe a little slut like you would wear knickers to our date."

She put her hand on my thigh and started to trace up to my hem line.

I opened my legs for her so she could gain access. She was already driving me wild with desire. Her hand had disappeared up my dress, expecting to touch my wet pussy lips, but all she found was lace.

She sighed in disappointment and I slapped her hand away.

"I'm not that sort of girl," I giggled, jokingly.

"Yeah right. We both know what sort of girl you are," she sniggered.

"There's plenty of time for that later. Anyway...what are you wearing under that coat? Or are you naked?"

"You'll see when we get there," she said, in a matter of fact tone.

She moved in and kissed me again. There was no passion, it was more loving and I liked this side of her. Her hand grazed my cheek as we kissed. There were no tongues at this stage, she just kept kissing me and pulling away slightly and then back in for more kissing. I touched her neck and pulled her in gently, our eyes half closed to see the others reaction. She was incredible and I felt my nipples harden under my dress. I imagined hers were doing the same. I opened my legs to invite her hand to explore, but she just kept on kissing me and stroking my cheek. I wanted her right there and then, on the back seat, I wanted to wrap my legs between hers and make love to her. I felt stirrings within me which I had never felt before, even when I had made love to my ex-girlfriend Jemma. Lexa was something else. She finally pulled away and gazed into my eyes. I felt lost in her until she broke the silence.

"I almost forgot....I have a present for you," she said, reaching into her bag.

She passed me a small gift bag tied with a ribbon.

"What is it?" I asked. "Something naughty no doubt."

"Don't open it until we get to the restaurant," she said, putting her hand on the ribbon.

"You're no fun," I said, "You won't show me your outfit and now I can't open my present."

I pouted in a sulky face.

"Cute," she laughed.

We eventually got the hotel and the door opened for us. We both got out and the porter took our bags. The hotel was extremely high end. Security was very tight and people were not allowed into the building without a special card. Lexa flashed her card at the doorman and we were allowed inside. The hotel was at least five star and very modern and expensive. A large foyer led to elevators and I saw our porter taking our bags to a higher level floor. Lexa had obviously been to this place before, as she lead me straight to the restaurant just off the foyer. She flashed her card again and we were taken to a table for two near the window. It overlooked a lake at the back of the hotel and gave a sensational view over the rest of the city.

The waiter took my jacket and moved round to take Lexa's. She turned away from me and took it off and handed it to the waiter. From the rear she looked like she was wearing a black mini skirt and no top, her back was completely naked. When she turned around and I couldn't help but gasp at her beauty and boldness. The dress was black and tight fitting in all the right places. There was a huge slit from her navel to her neck and the two resulting straps barely covered her boobs. Her belly button was showing and as were most of her breasts. Two thick black straps came up into a halter neck. That was it. She basically looked like she was wearing a miniskirt and two seat belt straps. Her cleavage showed and so did the side of her boobs. Somehow it didn't look overly slutty on her. She made it look classy and sophisticated.

"Put your tongue back in Becca," she giggled, slipping her hair behind her left ear.

The waiter couldn't take his eyes off her. Neither could half the guys the restaurant. She truly was mesmerizing. The waiter suddenly remembered himself and walked off to hang our jackets.

We sat opposite each other at the small table. I was still wide eyed with my jaw hanging open.

"I take it you like it then?" she asked, sitting up straight and pushing her breasts out.

"Forget dinner! Let's just go and fuck!" I exclaimed, a little bit too loud.

"Beeecccaaaaa behave yourself," she said under her breath, looking out the corner of her eyes at the admiring crowd.

"Holy fuck, you look hot, where did you get that dress from?" I whispered.

"It's just something I threw on," she shrugged.

"Underwear?" I asked, as she had done to me.

"Wait and see," she winked.

I regained my composure and the rest of the room went back to their own business.

I picked up my present from the table and was about to open it when Lexa stopped me again.

"I think it might be better if you go to the ladies room and open it," she said quietly, looking around the half-filled room.

I gave her a quizzical look and got up. The ladies room was in the far corner of the restaurant. I walked over to it slowly, wiggling my ass, as I knew she would be watching me. I caught the attention of nearly every guy in the room, maybe my dress was more revealing than I thought.

The toilets were plush and modern. I could have eaten my dinner in there it was so nice. I went into the nearest cubicle and sat on the toilet seat to open my present. It had to be something kinky or she would have let me open it at the table. I undid the ribbon and put my hand inside the bag. I pulled out a pair of black lace knickers with a large attachment in the gusset. As I examined them further I realised it was a dildo sewn into the gusset with a clitoral stimulator above it. The dildo was black and made of a soft latex and was shaped like a but plug. I guessed it was to keep it in pace. The tip was curved like a g-spot stimulator and I couldn't wait to try them on.

'Dirty bitch!' I thought to myself.

I wriggled out of my damp G-string and pulled the vibrating panties over my legs. I had to stand up to insert the four inch cock inside me. Luckily I was already well lubricated from kissing Lexa in the back of the car. I looked for a switch to turn them on, but there wasn't one.

'Definitely a dirty bitch,' I thought, 'she has the remote control for them.'

I wanted to text her, but realised my phone was on the table. I got up and started back to the table. I was nervous and it felt weird to have a cock inside me in public. I could have sworn people knew. Maybe I was walking funny.

I got back to the table and got level with Lexa. I opened my hand and dropped my damp G-string onto the table in front of her. She quickly swept them off the table and into her lap. I sat down just as the waiter arrived. He was once again starring at Lexa's naked tits. He was taking sneaky glances at them when she wasn't looking. The waiter was about twenty and must have thought all his Christmases had come at once.

"Can I get you ladies anything to drink at all?" he asked, handing out the menus.

"A bottle of champagne please," replied Lexa.

"Certainly Madame, shall I talk you through the menu?"

"Yes please," she said.

Her hand went under the table and she smiled at me.

Buzzzzzzzzz.

I nearly leapt out of my chair. My knickers buzzed right against my clitoris, right there in plain sight of everyone in the restaurant. It sounded really loud to me, but I don't think they heard it. It was a short sharp buzz, but very powerful.

"Are you OK Becca?" asked Lexa, sounding concerned.

I cleared my throat.

"Er....yes...I'm fine. Could I have some water please?" I asked the waiter.

"Certainly Madame, I'll bring some over."

He wandered off.

"You dirty bitch," I whispered, leaning closer to Lexa, "At least wait until he's gone."

She just smiled at me.

Buzzzzzzzzz. Buzzzzzzzzzz. Buzzzzzzzzz.

I squished my legs together as the waiter came back. He poured some water as I waited for the next assault inside my panties. The anticipation was nearly as good as the vibrating sensation.

He talked us through the menu occasionally glancing at Lexa's boobs as well as mine. I'm sure he had a hard on in his pants. We ordered the soup starter and the fish for main.

"Will you require dessert?" he asked, "or do you want to wait until after the main?"

"She is my dessert," I said, holding her free hand across the table and looking at the waiter. "My dessert is between her legs."

Lexa looked as shocked as the waiter did and she pressed the remote again under the table as punishment.

Buzzzzzzzzz.

I jumped slightly at a different sensation. She had switched on the g spot vibe rather than the clitoral stimulator. I felt the continuous buzzing deep inside me and squirmed slightly with a giggle.

"Are you a couple?" asked the shocked waiter.

"Sort of," I said.

If Lexa was going to be inappropriate with my vibrating underwear, I was going to be equally as shocking.

"Wow," he replied.

"I know. She's so fucking hot isn't she? I've seen you checking her out," I said to the waiter.

"I....err....wasn't..."

"Yes you were. I saw you starring at her tits. They're amazing aren't they?"

"I.... errr... they're very nice," he stammered and walked away quickly.

"Beccaaaaaaa. You're outrageous," gasped Lexa.

"You're the one playing with my pussy by remote control," I said.

"I know, this thing is great. How does it feel?"

"It's buzzing on my g spot right now, can't you hear it?"

"No I can't hear anything. It has different settings for rhythm and intensity. It's on low at the minute."

She turned it off.

I relaxed a little, but still thought everyone was staring at me.

Lexa poured the wine and we clinked glasses.

"Cheers," we said in unison.

Lexa put her glass down and dropped her hand to her lap. She bought it back up with my G string in her hand and a slutty look on her face.

"In answer to your earlier question Becca, no I am not wearing any underwear."

She discreetly sniffed my worn knickers and then dropped her hand down again.

"Someone's got excited in her panties," she said.

"Very," I replied.

I saw her shuffling about on the chair and her hand went lower.

"What are you doing," I asked.

"Stuffing your knickers inside me," she smirked.

"What? Actually in your pussy?" I whispered, lowering my head.

"Mhmmm," she squirmed some more and finally bought her hand back up, showing me it was empty, like a magician doing a disappearing trick.

I held my hand to my mouth to stifle my laugh.

"That should stop me leaking all over the chair when I make you cum at the dinner table," she said.

"No. People will hear. You can't do that."

"Clit or g spot?" she asked, showing me the remote.

"Neither. Stop it. People are looking."

"Pick one or I will," she replied.

"Clit," I said, shuffling on the chair.

Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz.........

She left it switched on this time and leaned forward.

My clit buzzed away in short sharp bursts and the feeling was incredible. Maybe it was due to being in plain view of everyone, but it was so intense.

"When you cum, make sure you do it quietly," she said, "this is a respectable place."

I gasped and reached out for the napkin. I picked it up and discreetly pushed it under my ass, between my knickers and the back of my dress. I didn't want a wet patch on my grey dress when I stood up. I could have protested more to make her stop, but it wouldn't have made any difference. She was going to get me off no matter what I said.

"Enjoying our date so far?" she asked.

"Mmmm.... Yes..." I was struggling to stay composed.

The waiter arrived with the soup and placed it in front of us. He looked at Lexa's boobs again.

"I bet you'd love to slide you cock in between my girlfriends tits wouldn't you?" I teased him. "Feel them all nice and soft and warm around your cock?"

"I.. Madame.. I wasn't...." he stammered.

"Maybe she'll show you her nipples if you're a good boy today," I continued.

"Enjoy your soup ladies," he said and made a hasty retreat.

Lexa turned up the intensity and changed the rhythm on my vibe.

BuzzzZZZZZzzzzzzz. BuzzzZZZZZzzzzzzz. BuzzzZZZZZzzzzzzz.........

It now came on slow and increased in a wave sensation and then tailed off before starting up again.

"Leave the waiter alone, he's only young," she said.

"So was I when you first kidnapped me," I replied.

I tried eating my soup, but I was a little shaky. Lexa ate hers with no problems.

She switched on the g spot vibe and I knew I wouldn't last long. I was blushing and squirming about.

"I want you to cum in your knickers for me at the dinner table," she said seductively.

I kept my lips clamped shut as she turned it up even more. I didn't want to go into a full "when Harry met Sally" moment, but it was difficult to contain it.

I leaned forward to get maximum stimulation and felt it really start to build. Her free hand held mine across the table and she starred into my eyes. My belly tingled with the inevitable surge of orgasm.

"Do it. Cum for me," she pleaded. "You know you want to. Just think how nice it will feel."

I stifled a moan. People were looking at me, I was sure of it.

"Just let it go. Wet those knickers for me and then I'll turn it off."

My pussy was on fire and ready to burst any second. I was holding it off. I couldn't cum in the middle of a restaurant, it felt so wrong. I held my breath.

The waiter arrived and took the soup bowls away just as my cooch exploded under the table. I let out a small squeak as I felt my overheated snatch pulse and contract around the latex shaft deep inside me. On the outside I looked normal, but inside I was having wave after wave of intense pleasure spreading from my belly to the tips of my toes. It was so intense and strong I thought I was going to pee myself. Lexa sat there calm and relaxed as I came for her in a room full of people. I shuddered as it came to a blissful end.

"Have you just cum?" she asked, sounding disgusted with me.

"You know I have," I panted, "turn it off."

She kept it on.

"You fucking dirty little slut," she said with disdain, "cumming in your underwear in front of all these people."

Her voice was low, but I'm sure people heard her.

"Yes I'm a slut," I panted, still squirming, "please turn it off."

She passed me the remote across the table. I fumbled with the buttons not knowing which one to press. Initially I turned it up even higher until I found the off button and let out a sigh of relief. I threw the remote into the centre of the table

"That was fun," she giggled, sipping her champagne as though nothing had happened.

I put my hand between my legs to make sure I hadn't made too much mess. The fabric of the knickers was soaked and I only hoped the napkin under my ass was doing its job. The dildo inside me was acting as a plug to prevent me leaking too much, which was a bonus.

"You are so fucking bad," I said, trying to compose myself.

I was about to wipe my slimy fingers on the table cloth, but Lexa grabbed my hand and sucked my fingers into her mouth. She looked like she was sampling a chefs fine sauce and savoured the taste in appreciation.
