 Disclaimer: This story is for adults only. This story contains descriptions of explicit sexual content. 

If you are not 18, or the equivalent age in your viewing region, you are not permitted to read this.

Authors Note: This story could be true or it could be fiction, if you are not old enough to recognize the difference then you are not old enough to be reading this in the first place. 

DO NOT send me feedback expressing your distaste to the content of this story. 

This is written for open minded, mature adults, who are interested in erotic stories, NOT for people who are OFFENDED by open minded, mature adults interested in erotic stories. 

YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED...

We had been alone together for about a day and a half, and we couldn't wait to escape the confines of our hotel suite. We hadn't tired of each other, far from it, we just wanted to find another place to enjoy, caress, and devour. Together we were insatiable.

It was 2am; we had just woken from a short sleep, ready to begin again. I had noticed a heated pool on the grounds earlier and wanted to test the water. I put on my pink string bikini, he his blue trunks. We grabbed a bottle of champagne and headed outside. The night was cool. As we walked along the path towards the pool I could see mist in the distance. It was the heat of the pool mixing with the cool night air, illuminated by the lights in the water, it looked magical. When we reached our destination, I put the drinks down at the edge and dived in. The water was warm and felt beautiful against my skin. I motioned for him to join me.

He dropped his trunks, the night lights danced on his well toned muscular body. He dived in after me. He swam up to me grabbed at my body and pulled me under with him. We came up for air in each other's arms. He undid my top throwing it to the edge of the pool, freeing my ample breasts. Then he dove down and untied the string that removed the remainder of my bikini. He pressed his body against mine, kissed my mouth and ran his strong hands down over my pale naked skin. 

I kissed him back, took hold of his erection, caressed him then swam away laughing. He chased me, grabbed my legs and pulled me into him and kissed me again. His body enveloped me as the kiss deepened, my petite body sunk into his. Still holding me he pulled back and just looked at me with his gorgeous green eyes, smiling.

With my arms around his neck, I wrapped my legs around his waist. Our bodies felt amazing together. We meshed well. I kissed his face and down his neck. His hands were travelling over my back down to my butt, caressing all the skin he could reach. While still holding me he took me to the edge of the pool, lifted me up, and sat me on the edge.

He gently spread my legs apart and licked along the inside of my thighs. I moaned with pleasure. With his thumb he played with my clit as he continued to kiss my legs. Still playing with me he moved up to lick my pussy, placing my hands behind me I leant back in ecstasy. He continued to use his tongue to tease me and use his fingers to excite me. My body was lost to him, I couldn't think of anything but the pleasure he was giving me. 

As I started to lose control, he thrust his fingers into my pussy, and with his tongue teased my clit until my body could take no more. I climaxed with a violent explosion that ripped through my body. As I was coming down from my high he pulled me back into the pool and into his arms. He didn't give me a chance to get myself together. He was ready to feel my mouth on him.

He knows what he wants and is not afraid to go for it. I find this trait in him very erotic. So I happily obliged. 

When I got myself together, I started swimming around him, touching his body as I passed him. Teasing, playing, fondling. I knew what he wanted, and [but] I wanted him to wait. I swam up behind him, placed my whole body against his back and kissed his neck, rubbing my hands over his chest, down his stomach, stopping at his erection, playing with him in my hands. He rested his head back on me and let out a low moan. I could feel his body give in under my hands, and then with a laugh, I swam away. It took him a split second to realise what I had done. He laughed in frustration, knowing I loved games, he chased after me.

He was a lot quicker than me but it didn't stop me from trying. He caught up to me a grabbed hold of me tight and kissed me hard. I tried to escape but it only made him grip harder. He swam over to the edge of the pool grabbed my hair, kissed me hard again, and then sat himself on the edge, leaving me alone in the water. Standing there surrounded by the warmth, the only sound I could hear was the water lapping against the pool wall, the atmosphere was magical. 

I looked up at him. I loved his body, the things it could do to me. God! I just loved his cock too. I was so horny from the teasing and playing, that I took the whole of him into my mouth–I just needed to taste him. His musky smell and the salty taste of his skin only added to the experience, I played with the head using my tongue, moving my hand up and down his shaft, he was moaning with pleasure, he had his hand on the back of my head guiding me to move how he wanted. I slowed down; I couldn't keep up the pace I started. I took my mouth off him, bit him gently up his shaft to the head of his cock, and then used my hand again. I could feel his cock pulsating with excitement.

I was still teasing him with my mouth when he gently pushed me back. He slid into the pool, turned me around so that I was backed against the wall, took my face into his hands, and kissed me deeply. He then lifted my legs around him and thrust his cock deeply into me. The ache in my body was overwhelming; the need to feel him close against me was great. I squeezed my legs around him bringing him in to me so that he was as deep as he could be. Our hips were together, joined almost as one. 

Our bodies were still just for a moment-- letting the heat build. I tightened my pussy muscles around him. I heard him moan, his hips began to move again, building momentum. His body lost control and he thrust hard and quick, my body on fire, his in ecstasy, we came together--a moment of pure passion. 

As our bodies calmed down we kissed softly and separated from the physical connection. We got our drinks and swam around the pool for the next hour just enjoying each other's company and the water against our naked bodies. Then the lust once again took over, and we let it take us where it wanted to go – in search of another location and to each other once again.

The End...or is it?

Copyright 2007 Vixen