 Even though both James's parents were now home, they hadn't stopped. It was midnight and James had Sherry's slender legs dangling off the edge of his bed, watching her squeeze her eyes shut as his cock rammed its way into her tightness. She was on her side, her fingers cramping from how she'd been grasping the white bedsheets for the last fifteen minutes. Her thick black hair was a mess, messed up from how he'd tossed her into different positions over the course of the night. 

 "How," he grunted, as he pulled all the way out and then split her open again. "Are you still so fucking tight, my angel?" 

 All she could do was whimper and hold on to the sheets, her flat stomach constricting. His cock pounded in and out of her; he wasn't holding anything back. It felt too good. She was perfect. Everything about her, from the way her cheeks flushed to the way her pink little cunt wrapped around him, velvety and wet. Perfect.

 This had gone on for way longer than she'd expected. After she had gone up to meet him in his bedroom, he'd quickly taken control of her, lifting her leg and fingering her just cleaned pussy, murmuring about how lovely she looked and smelled. With one hand tending to her throbbing pink cunt and the other in her hair, she'd had to sink into his touch. There was no other way. His stormy green eyes drew her in, and his dirty talk had her sick with lust. Her only condition was that he not leave any hickeys on her.

 And even before he'd stuck his finger in, she'd already been wet with the anticipation of seeing him. It was a lost battle.

 "Say something," James said.

 "I can't!" Sherry gasped. It still hurt a little, just because he was so big and hard. She could feel herself clenching his shaft, which was filling her and fucking her in a rhythm that was driving her into ecstasy.

 She was so wrecked by him that she couldn't even try to rub herself to clitoral orgasm. She had to grip the sheets with all her might, forcing her concentration somewhere. Suddenly James tore her right arm away, pulling it back as his tattooed hand grabbed her hip bone. He jammed his cock straight into her and she screamed, feeling hot ribbons of cum explode from his head inside of her. He brought his cock out of her while another string of his pearly white sperm spilled onto her bare thigh. She glimpsed his lazy smirk while he rubbed the head of his cock against her leg, making sure she was coated. Marked.

 "I can't even begin to describe how good you look covered in cum."

 "Shut up," Sherry heaved, her eyes closed. There was a minute of panting as she gathered her breath before she said, "Four is enough. You can't have more than that."

 James looked down at his slick, well satisfied penis. Then he turned his gaze to Sherry and her perfection, laying there on his bed. "Never thought you'd be able to match my appetite," he mused quietly.

 "You make me want you," she replied, her eyes still closed. With the last bit of energy she had left, she pulled the blanket up to cover herself. 

 "Do you want me every second of everyday?"

 His voice sent shivers to her core. "Yes." She sighed. She opened her eyes, and he could see her amber irises even though the light was dim. "That's not consent," she added. 

 James huffed. "You're a fucking tease, you know that?"

 "So what?" Sherry shot back, before closing her eyes again and burying her cheek in his pillow. "It's not exactly my fault anyway. You guys conjure up these things. From just anything."

 After that, she was fast asleep. 

 James glanced at her pile of clothes in the corner of his room. Earlier, after round three, he had brought her things inside from the pool deck. He'd seen a bunch of missed calls on her phone, and now her phone screen was lit up again, its white glow noticeable in the corner of his eye. Fucking annoying pieces of shit. It had to be Wesley or Haden.

 James tried to put it out of his mind, climbing alongside her and snuggling under the blanket. He slowly moved her so that her head rested against his chest instead of the pillow. He still couldn't really believe he had her. All his fantasies of her that he'd had here in this room alone, that he'd had here while he fucked other girls, they were all a reality now. It was Sherry Tandon lying against him, completely spent from his ravaging, her petite body reliant on his warmth as she entered a deep sleep. 

 James fell asleep too, until an hour later when his cell phone started to ring. Bleary eyed, he moved Sherry off of him to go silence it. He must have stupidly forgotten to turn it on silent beforehand. But Sherry was awake. She sat up as he got off the bed and walked to his desk to the vibrating phone. His lean, muscled form was too damn attractive...but he'd made her too sore for her to even think about sex now.

 "Who is it?" she asked. James turned in a way to block the screen from her view but she already saw the name. Haden. "Answer it. It's Haden," Sherry protested. "It's probably important if he's calling at this hour."

 James grimaced. He'd wanted special time with Sherry, just the two of them, isolated. He wanted to talk to her all night. He wanted her everything. But constantly, there were other people getting in the way. Always interrupting.

 James answered the call and put it on speaker. "What is it, man?"

 "Is Sherry with you by any chance?" 

 James glanced at Sherry. She was shaking her head, her eyes wide. James turned to the phone, his back to her so she couldn't see his facial expression. "Uh. Yeah. She is. Why?"

 "James!" Sherry whispered, outraged. 

 "I need to talk to her," Haden said.

 James obliged, bringing his phone to the bed and tossing it towards her. It landed in her lap on the blanket. "Ok. You're on speaker," James said.

 "Sherry?"

 Sherry glared vehemently at James. Then she held his phone in her hand, and her voice was sweet and innocent. "Haden?"

 "Yeah, it's Haden. Wesley and I called your phone like ten thousand times."

 "You did? Sorry, I left it..." Sherry turned to look at the pile of her belongings on the floor, seeing her phone there. "I think it's in James's kitchen downstairs."

 "So you're at his house right now?"

 Sherry pouted, glancing at James's face. "Yeah."

 "Okay, we'll be there in twenty."

 "Wait, why?"

 "Ryan's arriving at the airport at 2:30. Wouldn't you want to be there?"

 "He is?!" Sherry scrambled out of James's bed, still holding his phone. She used his blanket to rub her legs and hips, to make sure there was no more cum on her. 

 "Yeah we only found out a few hours ago, too. He said he got water damage on his phone when he was on the plane when he first took off from Anchorage. So that's why he was MIA this whole time."

 "Ohh, okay. Thanks guys. I'll wait for you at the front door."

 "Yeah no problem. See you soon." Haden hung up.

 Sherry looked at James in a panic. "Your mom's asleep right? So I'm going to wear your clothes."

 "What will you tell them?"

 "I don't know. I'll think of an excuse later." Sherry opened his closet. 

 "You're not going to wear underwear?" James crossed his arms as Sherry pulled out a pair of James's Nike sweatpants. 

 "Should I?"

 James shrugged. The thought of his sweatpants rubbing against her juices was hot. He crossed to her and pulled out another pair of his sweatpants to match her. He put them on and then continued to stare at her as she put on her bra and then one of his t-shirts. Everything was baggy and too big. But her face was so fucking pretty. It was like she could wear anything and James would still want to kiss her. And he bet that was true for Ryan too.

 Suddenly Sherry began to tear up, but she put on more and more layers of James's clothing, preparing herself for the cold temperatures outside. James was bewildered. "...Are you okay?"

 She was biting her lip, tears rolling down her cheeks. "Everyone is going to know. Ryan's going to know." To add to that, her stomach was grumbling. 

 "Let's get some food in you," James murmured. "You want me to carry you?"

 Sherry nodded, her eyes red. She started biting on the sleeve of James's hoodie that she was wearing. Then she seemed to come to her senses. She sat down and put on a pair of James's socks and grabbed her phone before James scooped her up, bringing her down to his kitchen.

 She didn't think James knew the extent of emotional conflict his actions put her through. She almost didn't know who she loved anymore. It was excruciating. 

 He poured her a glass of water, and she drank it while he made her a cheese omelette. She stared off into empty space, trying to formulate the words she'd say to Ryan when she saw him. Or maybe she should be thinking of what she'd say to Wesley and Haden. What, that she couldn't move without being in pain because of how James had fucked her? She knew she'd regret coming here. Yet she had come anyway. Stupid girl.

 "Regret."

 Sherry focused on James right as he slid her plate of omelette to her. "What?"

 "That's the look on your face," he said.

 Sherry sighed and wiped her eyes. "I'm sorry."

 "Are you going to break up with him?" James asked bluntly.

 Sherry's stomach twisted. She ignored the feeling and ignored James's question by eating. She'd had to roll up her sleeves. Everything was so loose that it felt like she was wearing a blanket. Suddenly she remembered something. "Shit."

 James gazed at her curiously, leaning against the marble counter across from her. 

 "I have extra panties in the car. I could've put those on and then my own clothes." 

 "Well, this makes for a better story." James winked.

 Sherry rolled her eyes. "That reminds me... My car keys are in the pocket of my jacket in your room. Can you drive the car to my house sometime later?"

 "And then what?"

 "And then you can stay in my room or I can drive you home. Whatever."

 "Deal. I've always wanted to fuck you in your bed."

 Sherry shook her head. "No more, I said. Not today."

 "I'm just saying so you know for the future."

 Sherry laughed bitterly. "Aren't you tired of me? Isn't that what it is with guys like you?"

 "Guys like me. What do you mean?"

 "Don't you get tired of the same girl? Isn't it the chase and then...when it's over, it's like the shiny toy becomes dull," Sherry mumbled, looking down at her plate and forking the tiny leftover bits of omelette.

 "Maybe you're right. Do you want to be right?"

 Sherry looked at him, narrowed her eyes. She didn't know how to respond. It seemed like a trick question. Just then the doorbell rang. She grabbed her phone and bolted out of the kitchen while James followed her slowly, still wearing only sweatpants.

 Sherry checked her reflection in the mirror in the corridor. It turned out her mascara really was waterproof. She brushed her hair with her fingers, seeing James's cocky smirk in the mirror reflection, the shadow on his bare abs under the low lighting. She turned to face him and say thanks for the food but before she could get anything out, he pulled her face to his, kissing her hard. He gnawed on her lower lip, his breathy words floating into her mouth. "You're really cute. I'd like to keep you." 

 She backed away, flustered. She put her sneakers on, which James had brought to the front door from the pool deck earlier. "I'm sorry the night got cut short," she said quietly. She was cognizant of the fact that this was the second time a Ryan-related reason took her away from James's house after they'd fucked. And she didn't know how to feel about any of this. 

 She opened the door to see Wesley and Haden, dressed nice, as per usual, Haden in a parka and dark wash jeans and Wesley in a grey coat and mahogany scarf. 

 James put his coat on Sherry and nodded at the guys.

 "What happened to your clothes?" Haden asked suspiciously, while Wesley only smiled.

 "Well—"

 James interrupted her. "She came over to the hot tub. Did a little strip tease."

 "No, it was just like, me taking my clothes off to reveal my swimsuit—but then James tossed all my discarded clothes in the pool. I literally had to fish them out afterward. And since they're wet, I had to wear...this." Sherry gestured to James's clothes on her body. 

 James grinned at them and patted Sherry's shoulder, impressed by her cover story. "You know me."

 "Mhm," Wesley said.

 "What an old trick. Didn't you do that at camp in eighth grade, too? You did that to Margaret, I think," Haden mused.

 "Oh yeah." James nodded. "That was hilarious."

 Wesley eyed the way James's hand was on Sherry's waist. "Let's go then. You want to come, James?"

 "Nah." James waved his hand. "You kids have fun."

 Sherry removed herself from James's grasp, a little embarrassed. She locked eyes with him. "Thanks for the omelette, James. You can drive the car to my house later."

 "Is that a euphemism for sex?" James stared at her intently, his eyes glimmering.

 "James!" Sherry cried. 

 Wesley and Haden laughed. And Haden, being the gentleman he was, offered his hand which Sherry took to walk down the slightly icy steps. 

 "Bye, Sherry," James said.

 "Bye." She gave him one last look before she disappeared into Wesley's red range rover. 

 *******

 "Ryan's going to be so disappointed to see me in this."

 "Is that what you cried about?" Haden asked her. He was sitting next to her in the backseat, his concerned hazel eyes on her.

 "You can tell I cried?"

 "Yeah, your eyes looked red. They probably won't be red anymore by the time you see him, though."

 "Um... I don't really know why I cried. Just feeling lonely, I guess. I've really missed him," Sherry admitted. She was sort of lying but yet it felt so close to home, like the truth. She smiled hesitantly. "It's okay. James comforted me by making me an omelette."

 "Is that why you've spent so much time at James's?" Wesley said.

 "I haven't spent that much time there," Sherry replied, defensive. "Not any more than usual. His mom's been wanting to clean her closet out these past few weeks, and he likes giving me stuff. Plus I've tried to catch him up on what he missed from Mrs. Ross's class."

 "Oh I saw that picture of you and Ryan at Icy. You said that dress was his mom's, right?" 

 "Yep."

 "She's hot." Wesley took a right turn. "You're hotter. Of course."

 Sherry laughed a little nervously. 

 "Don't worry," Haden assured her. "Seeing you will make Ryan happy. No matter what you're wearing."

 "And if you're that concerned, you have another outfit option," Wesley said.

 "And that is...?"

 "Your birthday suit."

 Haden and Wesley burst into laughter. Sherry just closed her eyes and shook her head. "Why am I friends with you guys."

 *******

 Ryan Daney walked out under the Arrivals sign, his hands in his pockets. His parents were still a ways behind him. When his dark brown eyes landed on Sherry, his pace quickened, just like her heartbeat did. 

 "Babe." He lifted her up and spun her in the air a little before setting her back down. "I have a lot to tell you." He intertwined his fingers with hers, that dimpled smile on his face, apparently oblivious to Sherry's odd attire.

 "We're here, too," Haden reminded him.

 Ryan lifted his head in a half assed greeting before turning his gaze back to Sherry and kissing her, his thumb grazing her cheekbone as he held her face towards his. Sherry sank into Ryan's large body, so secure and safe. His touch gave her such a sense of belonging. 

 When their lips parted, Ryan held both her arms steady. And then his eyebrows furrowed. "You smell like James's...cologne or whatever."

 "These are his clothes. Long story short...he kind of...threw my clothes in the pool," Sherry said. Long story short? More like false story short. Sherry felt so guilty, but she tried to look Ryan in the eye the way a normal person would. 

 It was like James's evil had rubbed off on her. Or had been fucked into her. Either way. She was now the evil one. And she didn't like falling from grace. 

 What could she do to fix this? 

 The exasperation must have showed on her face, because Ryan wrapped her in his embrace. "Come on." He led her the rest of the way out into the cold Anchorage night. 

 Haden chatted with Ryan's parents and Wesley listened while shooting curious glances in Sherry and Ryan's direction. Break up already. That was what he was thinking. But they were complete and utter lovebirds, emotional and entangled. He could see Sherry's profile, with her perfect nose and long eyelashes, Ryan's hand on her protectively, his fingers gripping her side. Even in James Rios's clothing, Wesley could tell how small her frame was under Ryan's hold. The most desirable girl in school, hands down. Wesley had even caught a freshman talking about how he "wouldn't pull out." As if he had a shot.

 What was so special about Ryan? Why did he deserve to date her? That once in a lifetime girl?

 And then there was James... 

 Just then Sherry saw Wesley's stare. "Wes," she said, closing the gap between them. "Thanks so much for driving me." She hugged him, her body pressed against him for too brief of a time. He tentatively touched the small of her back. Then she hugged Haden. "And thanks for figuring out James had me hostage," she said, with a slight giggle.

 "You shouldn't hang around him. He's a bad apple," Haden said. He tapped her red nose. 

 Sherry agreed silently. But she said teasingly, "What's a girl to think? He says you're much worse and you guys say he's much worse. Maybe you're all just guys." Sherry paused, thinking for a second. "It's you guys's fault girls hate me. By the way."

 Haden crossed his arms, lost in a thought. Finally, he replied, "They just want attention."

 "Yeah. They do." Sherry sighed, sniffling. "And I have too much of it."

 Haden felt a flash of sympathy for her, but then he was swept up in saying goodbyes to Ryan's parents who were hurrying to get home. Their taxi waited on the road. 

 "See you at school." Haden waved at Sherry and Ryan as his parents ushered them away, before walking with Wesley to the parking lot. Wesley kicked a small rock as Haden unlocked the doors. 

 "It's shitty to like her, isn't it?" 

 *******

 She had been building up to this moment. After Ryan went first and told her about the choices laid out for him by his favourite coach and advisor in Ontario, about either playing for the CHL season or the option of college hockey to eventually get drafted for the NHL, it was time. 

 And the tears were already flowing. Stupid. Dead giveaway. 

 "We don't have to be apart. You said you can live with your grandparents after grad. We'll make sure that we end up in the same city." Ryan seemed to have no idea why she was crying.

 "I know," Sherry insisted. "I don't want to be apart."

 "Why are you upset then? Because of James?"

 "Huh?"

 "Wesley has been saying for a while now that... I don't know. I've always known James had a thing for you. And when he wants something, he's aggressive about it. We used to be best friends. Did you know that?"

 Sherry couldn't think. She started to nod but then she shook her head, puzzled. She tightened her robe around herself. 

 "Does he...do things? Say things?" Ryan's inviting, dark eyes scanned her.

 She shriveled under his gaze. "I want to break up."

 "No, you don't," Ryan was quick to say. 

 Sherry laughed out of fear, even though stream after stream of tears fell from her eyes. Her voice was quiet. "I had sex with him. A lot."

 "Right. Wesley said so." Ryan looked down at the floor. "Look, I'm mad. But I kind of knew this would happen."

 "Then why didn't you stop me from ever talking to him? You should've stopped me from knowing him! You should've..." Sherry trailed off, her forehead creased with worry. None of this was making sense. Wesley? What was going on? What was all this that she hadn't known about? Did the guys in her life have some sort of group chat she wasn't in on?
