 Jake grumbled slightly as he looked a new bout of giggles tore his attention away from his video game. "Just shut up already." There wasn't a lot of point in doing anything other than talking to himself on the subject though. His mother was away for the weekend and besides everybody was over eighteen, him being the youngest at nineteen. His sister, Sarah and her friend were both twenty one and judging from the string of giggles they had gotten into the liquor again. That too was legal for them at that age and it was the cause of countless sleepless nights for Jake. It was bad enough sleeping in the same house as his sister who was by any estimation a stone cold fox. 

Sarah's legs seemed to extend all the way up to her breasts and she loved nothing more than showing them off with short shorts and shorter skirts. If she owned a pair of shoes that didn't have heels Jake had never seen her wear them. She liked to compound that with knee high socks that had even her father doing double takes on occasion. She pretended not to notice but Jake knew better. There was no way that she was so oblivious to the way men were looking at her. Sarah's first boyfriend had described her as having an onion booty. A booty so perfectly onion shaped and plump that it brought tears to a grown man's eye. Jake had never found a better way of describing his sister's ass so he stuck with that idea and her breasts were always struggling to escape whatever cloth she'd chosen to confine them in. Usually she wasn't working too hard to confine them though. she favored loose fitting tops where a just the slightest shift of her weight could give away a glimpse of her pert braless breasts. She never wore a bra, unless a bikini top in the pool counts and even then she preferred to skinny dip. Jake knew because he'd spent hours of his life with his cock in hand watching her swim in the backyard. He wasn't the only one either. Mr. Wilson from across the yard was often watching her too. Curly red hair framed down around her face to finish off the near visual goddess.

Jake never bothered denying that if he had half a chance he'd dick his own sister so hard she'd never walk right again. Still she barely compared to the girl she was giggling with. That would be Fiona. Fiona Lee five feet and two inches, exactly, of the most delicious Asian treats in all of the Americas. Tight lithe legs toned from a life time of martial arts with just enough of but that a man could sink his teeth into it. She didn't have the kind of breasts that Sarah had, the kind that were always trying to bust free of her clothing. She had a perfect pair or pert tits that sat high and proud on her chest with her dark brown nipples always poking through her shirt. Despite having the kind of body that any woman would have killed for Fiona's real best feature was her smile, a dazzling white grin that was enough to leave most men stunned. Jake was definitely amongst the men who could get so lost in her emerald green stare and smile that he didn't even notice the body that she had a habit of barely covering.

Right now both of those girls were dressed, probably in nighties certainly not in much more than oversized t-shirts and separated from Jake by roughly four inches of plaster with a few planks of wood placed at regular intervals. There were a few pieces of metal and in there to, some wire some pipes perhaps a plastic lights switch of plug outlet but nothing else. Well there was the pair of cotton boxers he had and whatever they were wearing as they were giggling so incessantly but that wasn't much at all. Next to nothing really.

"Goddamnit." Jake grumbled trying to focus back on his video game. It wasn't easy though. Particularly not as the conversation turned. Plaster it turns out doesn't block conversations nearly as well as it should and just like they could hear every fiery dragon upper cut and spinning falcon split kick he performed on the screen he could hear nearly everything they were saying. Maybe not every single word and sometimes who was speaking was jumbled but he got the jist of the conversation.

"He's cute. . . .no he's not he's gross . . . big cock . . . brother! .go find out . . . first . . . no!" The conversation again degenerated into unintelligible giggles. Jake was halfway between trying his best to hear every word and find out if he was the brother and the big cock they were talking about and trying his best not to hear any of if because who really wanted to put up with those two when they were drunk and giggling? He certainly knew that he'd be better off if he could ignore them.

Jake did a good enough job of ignoring the two, enough that he was completely focused on the game when a pair of slender arms wrapped around his shoulders. "You know what your sister says don't you?" Fiona asked leaning over his shoulder and nuzzling her lips against his ear. He could smell her perfume, a slight hint of vanilla and something else that had his mouth watering. "She says you have the biggest dick she's ever seen." Fiona's hand started at his chest gripping the flesh there before wandering lower to confirm the tale she'd been told. "It certainly feels huge." Fiona purred into his ear. 

The truth was that Jake's nearly eleven inch cock wasn't even partially hard yet. What she was feeling was his flaccid cock and even then it was just around the eight inch mark. He was still more paralyzed from shock than turned on at the moment. "Wow she wasn't lying." Fiona purred starting to massage Jake through his boxers intentionally working him out of the fabric as she went. The moment she'd worked his mammoth cock free of its confines she gasped. "It is huge." She whispered into his ear before climbing over the back of his chair dragging her lips down over his chest as she did. Her tongue trailed down the center of his belly dipping for just a moment into his naval before she reached her goal.

Now partially erect Jake's cock was by far the largest she'd ever found herself face to face with ten inches worth of cock. Fiona watched in awe for a moment as each beat of Jake's heart pumped more blood into the already bloated organ causing it to lurch closer to her. After just a few seconds it seemed to be literally straining to reach her lips and she accepted. Her lips parted and wrapped around the tip of the angry purple shaft. She felt like her jaw was going to split as she let herself slide down onto his cock. She knew she was going to take him completely in her throat, she'd never met the man she couldn't deep throat and Jake wouldn't be the first. Sputtering up a mouthful of saliva and gagging didn't stop her from pushing farther. Tears welling up in the corners of her eyes didn't stop her from pushing farther and her throat twitching didn't stop her. Nothing stopped her and after a few moments she was all the way down with his scrotum smashed against her nose and her chin against his belly.

Keith wasn't a virgin but this was definitely his first surprise bj. What was more it was the first time that he'd suddenly found himself face to face with such a smooth shaven twat. She smelled faintly of peaches and without even thinking about what he was doing his tongue was stretching out towards her for just a taste of her delicate flesh. Her entire body jolted when his tongue touched her hot flesh but she kept sucking at his cock her only change being that she moved her legs so she was straddling his face. The better access was immediately put to use, Keith's inexperienced tongue immediately started searching out these Fiona's wet folds. 

"You know your sister wants to do this but she never will." Fiona said lifting her head slightly then licking along his the side of Keith's balls. Six years of gymnastics lent itself well as she flipped forward into a flawless backbend then quickly hopped up so she was sitting in his lap his cock held tightly between her thighs. "So I need to tell her all the things you can do." Fiona whispered pushing her back against his chest. "So we're gonna play a little game you understand?

Keith didn't understand. The entire situation was so surreal that it literally had his head spinning but he did understand that the girl of his dreams was sitting in his lap wearing just a t-shirt. Her bare bottom was pressed against his belly and his cock was between her thighs throbbing slightly every time his heart beat which felt like a million times a second. He knew that his hands were cupping her breasts pulling her back against him. He was definitely game for anything that kept her tight body pressed against his just a little longer.

"I'm going to ask you a question. If I like the answer then you'll get just a tiny bit more pussy than you've got already. If your sister came in here right now would you let her taste your big fat cock?" Fiona asked grinding her hips against him. Keith nodded it was the truth. Fiona lifted herself up and let the tip of his cock slide into her. "Would you fuck her? She has a nice tight little hole, you'd have to push really really hard to get your big cock in her." Again Keith nodded. Fiona rewarded him sliding about halfway down on his cock holding herself still at that point. "Say it. Say you want her." Fiona whispered. She was leaning back over his shoulder so her lips were against his ear as she spoke.

"I want to fuck my sister. But I want to fuck you more." Keith growled gripping Fiona's hips and forcing her down over his cock. The tasty Asian beauty squealed in surprise as she found herself being bounced up and down over the length of her best friend's brother's cock. It was more than she'd expected, she'd heard stories of his cock before but hearing about eleven inches of man flesh from a woman who's never experienced it is entirely different from actually feeling that log splitting your insides open. Fiona had never been stretched quite like Keith was stretching her but that wasn't a bad thing. Far from complaining the feeling of his cock pumping into her was incredible. 

"Fuck me like I was her." Fiona whispered over her shoulder. Keith exploded at those words one hand grabbing her hair at the base of her spine and pushing her down on the carpet. His free hand was around her waist making sure his cock didn't slide free of her cunt. It was only a moment before h had her pinned to the ground. Her face was grinding against the carpet when he mounted her. In one quick stab he was completely inside her sawing his cock in and out of her sopping wet hole. "That's it make it feel that big cock!" Fiona growled clawing at the carpet and driving her hips back towards his. Fiona bit down on her lower lip to keep from screaming from the brutal pounding. 

She had never noticed just how strong Keith was before but he was handling her like a rag doll. He wanted to see her face, to kiss her so he twisted her onto her back in a single movement. She was pinned beneath him completely helpless to escape. It wasn't that she wanted to get away from him, her arms wrapped around his shoulders and her heels dug into the small of his back trying to drive his cock into her very core. Fiona didn't want to get away, she didn't ever want to get away from that incredible feeling boiling inside her. The feeling started in her stomach, twisting and tightening there forcing little squeals of pleasure through her lips. "Don't stop. Please God don't stop." She whispered.

"Why would I stop?" Keith growled before kissing her. It wasn't really a kiss, it was penetration. His tongue jammed into her mouth in a crude imitation of his cock moving against and with hers. Just like her body was claimed by his now he was even claiming her tongue. It was a welcome conquest as poured back into the kiss whimpering louder and louder. "That's it. I can feel you're about to cum. Do it."

The world went blank for a moment as the energy gathered in Fiona's stomach exploded into her setting her blood on fire. In that brief moment she was aware of every single inch of her flesh, even her hair felt alive for a moment. Fiona wasn't even aware that she was squealing so loud that Keith had kiss her again just to muffle the sound. "That good?" Keith asked as soon as she calmed down a bit. She dully nodded then put her hands to his chest trying to push him away but he wasn't finished. "Not until I cum." He whispered harshly pushing back into her again pumping steadily into her picking the pace again. Fiona whimpered when his hot cum flooded into her cunt then started oozing back out as he continued to use her for a few more seconds.

Keith finally pulled out of Fiona and she kissed him one last time and then scampered away to his sisters room. "Your brother is hung like a moose. Give him fifteen minutes to recover then go get some girl or I swear you'll regret it." Fiona smiled.