 Right about the time Amanda came to a screaming orgasm from the cock slamming into her arse, she had to be happy with how life works out.

An hour earlier, she had been sitting on her sofa masturbating madly and cursing her parents. She had been caught at the college campus giving some of the footballers a blow job. As punishment, her parents had grounded her, taken away her car keys and credit card, then they added insult to injury and went away for the weekend, leaving her stranded at home, broke and horny since the footballers hadn't had the chance to return the favor she had been doing them.

She had had her hand between her legs, her fingers squelching in and out of her cunt, her thumb rubbing on her clit, just about to cum, when the doorbell had chimed. Swearing loudly, she thought about ignoring it, but considering once she finished she faced the entire weekend with nothing to do, she decided to see if the door offered a diversion.

It had been one of her fathers business partners, looking for her father, but he still came in anyway when she had invited him. He had asked her why she was home on a Friday night and she had explained that she was incarcerated and broke so she couldn't even call a cab to take her to the mall. He had looked her up and down, taking in her short pleated skirt and her white button up shirt which she had tiedjust under her boobs, baring her smooth tanned stomach.

He had made a comment that he would have to see if there was something he could do to help. Amanda had made a split second decision and decided to kill two birds with one stone. She'd moved to stand between his legs which were parted and had seen a noticeable bulge in his pants and gave a little shudder of delight. She was going to enjoy this.

She knelt down and reached out to undo his pants. He hadn't said a word, just watched her, but she could tell by his hard cock that he was okay with what she was doing. She had unzipped his fly and hauled out his dick which was a solid meaty nine inches. She'd moaned softly before shoving his knob in her mouth. Then she had ran her hand up and down his shaft while she sucked on the tip, dipping her tongue into the eye and tasting his pre-cum.

After she had done that for a while, she had leaned her head forward taking his cock all the way to the back of her throat, moaning again so could feel the vibrations through his dick. He hadn't shown any reaction other than his increased breathing and that wasn't enough. She wanted him to lose his mind. She started sucking and mouthing with a vengeance, using all her skills. She had pulled out his balls and wanked his well lubricated shaft while she pulled his hairy sac into her mouth, using her tongue to rub his testes against each other.

He'd shifted in the seat and threw his head back while grabbing the back of her head and guiding her, but once he had realized what he had been doing, he pulled his hand back and fisted it by his side. She grinned up at him and went back to deepthroating him. She could tell when he had been close to cumming by the way his hips had made small thrusting movements. He started breathing heavily through his mouth, and his balls had started drawing up toward his body. 

Suddenly a great gushing load was shot into her mouth as he came. She'd pulled his cock out and started wanking him, talking dirty to him, telling him to shoot his cum all over her tits. Still cumming, his milky seed had landed on her boobs as she'd tugged him, draining him dry. As he'd caught his breath, Amanda had leaned back and looked up at him under her lashes as she had massaged his sperm into her tits until her chest sheened.

She had looked down at herself and commented that her shirt was dirty, but she couldn't be rude and leave him all by himself while she changed. Then she had leaned down and grabbed his hand, pulling him along with her as she headed toward her room. He had followed her without commenting, sitting on her bed when they had reached her room, watching her silently as she had taken off her shirt.

She had made some silly comment that she didn't have anything to match her skirt, so she had to take that off as well. When she had been standing there in her bra and panties, she had noticed that her bra had been stained from earlier and taken that off as well. She'd been standing there, her bare tits shinny from his cum and she'd slid her hand down into her panties. She explained that what she had just done always made her so horny. She had laid down on the bed next to him all the while shunting her fingers in and out of her hole, her juices flowing with her enjoyment.

She'd asked him if he wanted to watch and lifted her hips so he could slide her panties down her legs. Then she had spread her legs so he could get a good view and went to town. Her head had thrashed side to side as she had bought herself to a small but powerful orgasm. When she had calmed a bit, she had looked at him and told him that all that did was make her want a huge cock in her cunt and would he mind fucking her?

He had been out of his clothes in a heartbeat and ramming his dick into her, making her moan as he slammed into her. Once she had asked him to fuck her, he'd let himself go and was grunting as he pushed into, telling her what a dirty slut she was and he was going to give her what she wanted. She'd moaned and told him yes, she was a whore, how she loved his cock slamming into her, making her cum, how she wanted him every where. He had leaned back, spreading her legs wide and watched as his dig had plunged in and out. She had looked down too and the sight of his big cock covered in her juices was enough to send her over the edge.

She had screamed as she came hard, panting and groaning as he pumped. Then he had pulled out and turned her over, pushed her legs underneath her so she had been presenting her arse. His fingers had dipped into her cunt scooping her juice and lubricating her arse. His cock had already been wet so he shoved into her, not caring if he hurt her. She just moaned and shifted her hips giving her more room as he banged away at her back hole. She was already cumming and soon after her tight dank hole sent him over the edge and so was he.

He pulled out and shot his load over her arse checks, wanking and grunting as he milked the last of his come.

Neither said a word as he dressed, but before he left he pulled out his wallet and took out two one hundred dollar notes. He handed them to her and told her there was another one of those if she came and saw him at work in a fortnight.

And so that's how Amanda started a very lucrative and well lubricated career. And with all her fathers rich friends, she had large client base to build on.......

Comment from BookSlut: If you like it guys let me know and I'll post Amanda's next installment 