 My love life was pretty bad as of late. My wife became religious over the past year. My sex life has suffered accordingly. I took to looking at porn videos online. I was looking at some MILF videos as I stroked my cock. I came to one and I could swear I recognized the woman in it. As I looked closer I knew who the female was. She was younger and her hair style was different but I knew it was Betsy from the church my wife attended.

My wife had worn me down about church. In order to get some peace I started to attend with my wife on Sundays. When Sunday arrived we entered the church. There sat Betsy a few rows up from us. I knew I had to make contact. After the service the pastor will greet the parishioners outside. My wife likes to gab with the good Reverend. I was standing off to the side when I saw Betsy.

I walked over and spoke to her.

"I saw an interesting video online the other day. It was a woman who had sex with some young guy."

Betsy's eyes lit up. She knew exactly what I was referring to. 

"Please Jeff, don't say anything," she pleaded with me.

"I'll stop by this Saturday," I told her.

Betsy didn't look pleased when I told her this. My wife was finished talking and she walked over to me.

"What were you talking to Betsy about?" 

"I was just discussing the Pastor's sermon." 

"It was pretty enlightening, wasn't it?" My wife said.

It sure was. When I got home I found the church directory. It had photos of everyone and an address to go with the faces. I got Betsy's address. I knew exactly where she lived. Come Saturday I told my wife I was going to wash my car and do a little shopping. She had her nose buried in her Bible. She barely grunted at me. 

Betsy lived on a rural road outside of town. I found the house easily and I pulled into the driveway. I went up to the door and knocked.

"I was expecting you," Betsy said to me. 

I came inside and Betsy began to speak.

"You probably want to know about that video."

I nodded my head and Betsy told me her story. A few years ago Betsy got divorced from her husband. Money was tight and she started looking through the ads in the newspaper to make some extra cash. She saw one ad looking for models. Betsy answered the ad and then she was told to come to a certain address. She soon found out they were looking for women to perform in porn movies. 

She swallowed hard and figured she could do this. They offered her a thousand dollars and she accepted. Betsy got naked and then the male actor arrived. He was much younger than her. The scene I saw was where the man was sitting on the sofa. Betsy mounted him and rode his cock. At the end he pulled out and shot his load on her backside.

Once Betsy finished I reached out and put my hand on her chest. Betsy was a full figured woman. She had big breasts and wide hips. I gripped one of her tits outside her shirt. Betsy let out this moan as I massaged her big tit. I couldn't stop there. I used both hands and I pulled her shirt up over her head. She definitely had big ones. I unsnapped her bra and her tits came tumbling out. 

Betsy didn't try to stop me. Maybe she wanted this as much as I did. We both proceeded to finish undressing. There stood a naked Betsy. Her pubic bush was dark and full. My cock was twitching from just looking at her. I moved us both to her sofa nearby. I sat down and Betsy got onto her knees. It was just like the video. Betsy took my cock in her hand and she lowered her mouth.

Betsy started bobbing up and down using her lips to suck on my staff. Betsy knew just what to do. She took me right down to the root each time. In a few minutes I was hard as could be. Then I motioned for Betsy to get on top. She climbed onto the sofa and straddled my midsection. Betsy lowered herself and my cock entered her pussy. I could feel how wet she was.

I took hold of her ass cheeks and Betsy started to ride my prick. She was getting into it, that much was for sure. I was staring at those big melons. I removed my hands from her ass and I cupped her big tits. That's when Betsy really got into it with me. I was rubbing the palms of my hands across her nipples. Betsy was lowering and raising herself onto my erect member.

I couldn't believe my luck. My wife wouldn't put out anymore and here was Betsy needing cock. I lifted my hips up as Betsy lowered her body onto my cock. We were getting into a nice rhythm. It had been many months since I fucked my wife. I knew I was going to have Betsy more than this one time. Betsy wrapped her muscles around me and squeezed my rod. 

All I could think of was that I wasn't going to pull out like those shitty videos. We were both getting so close. Betsy's pussy fit my dick like a glove. I held off for as long as I could. Betsy let out this cry and that set me over the edge. I poured my sticky cream into her belly. Betsy's eyes went big and she dropped down hard onto my prick. 

I was full that day. I shot hot ropes of my cum into Betsy. To her credit she milked me with her pussy. It was like she needed to get every last drop from my body. At the end I pinched each of her hard nipples with my fingers. I could feel Betsy convulsing around my cock. I kept pumping my hardness into her wet pussy for some minutes longer.

We both finally slowed down and tried to get ourselves under control. 

"My God, I haven't had sex like that in a long time," Betsy told me. 

Betsy finally pulled away and my love batter came spilling out of her hole. Betsy ran into the bathroom while I tried to catch my breath.

"I guess you are going to want to see me again," she said.

I smiled and nodded my head. Things were working out better than anticipated.

"What about your wife?" She asked.

I said I was going to take care of that little matter when I got home. That was all for that day. I still had to wash the car and go on my shopping trip. I arrived back home with a new pair of sneakers and a clean car. I was feeling mighty fine right about then. When I got into the house my wife started in on me about God. I cut her off.

"I'm not going to church with you any longer."

Ellen asked what I meant.

"If you spent as much time on lovemaking as you do reading the Bible, my life would be perfect."

My wife gave me the deer in the headlights look. She didn't have a clue about what I was telling her. She said I needed to be right with the Lord. I finally blew my gasket.

"Next week I'm seeing a lawyer. I'm filing divorce papers on you."

The light bulb finally switched on. She knew she had pushed me to the edge. All of a sudden she told me she was going to be a better wife. I knew it was all hogwash. Ellen would soon revert back to her church ways. There was no going back with her. I gathered up some clothes and threw them into a suitcase. I told her to expect to hear from my lawyer soon and I went out the door.

I finally broke free. I felt like a million bucks. No more nagging. I hopped in the car and I drove back to Betsy's place. She was surprised to see me again. I said I had left my wife for good. Could I stay with her for awhile? Betsy let me in and we went back to her bedroom. We picked up where we left off. We got naked and I took Betsy a second time. 

I knew I didn't have anything left in the tank but it didn't matter. I was excited from leaving and my cock was half hard already. Betsy got onto her back. I took my cock in my hand and I started rubbing my prick across her gash. Betsy needed more cock. That much was certain. I got her revved up and I slid my prick into her tummy. I think we both needed more of each other. I fitted my cock inside her pussy and I began to fuck Betsy hard.

I lowered my face and took one of those large areolas into my mouth. I was sucking and chewing on each one as I slid my fat cock into her pussy. I could hear those slurping sounds as my cock went in and out of her greedy pussy. I needed Betsy badly and I suspected she needed the same from me. I pushed my cock in to the hilt and I held my cock in place.

Betsy used her muscles to grip me tight and then let go. I fucked her for longer than I thought possible. Betsy placed her legs around my back and she put her hands onto my hips. I gave her every hard inch that I could. Much to my surprise, Betsy began to squirt. Her juices were flying out and coating my groin. Something just tipped me over the edge. I managed to squirt some cum into her gaping hole. 

Betsy and I missed church that Sunday. We ended up fucking most of the day. My bone was basically dry but it didn't matter. Betsy said I gave her plenty of orgasms that day. When the week started I made an appointment to see the lawyer. I told him what I wanted and that I didn't want my wife to have one penny more than she was entitled to. He just laughed and said he would take care of matters.

I did have to go back to the house and get my belongings. I was going to place them in storage. Ellen was there and she suddenly turned into the good wife. She said she hadn't been paying attention to me and all that would change. I didn't want to hear it. I told her she would be seeing divorce papers soon. I also said she shouldn't get too attached to this house. That would be going up for sale.

My wife was crying as I walked out the door. I really didn't care. I headed back to Betsy and her bed. That night I had Betsy get on all fours. I could see that her breasts were almost touching the bed covers. I placed my hands on her hips and I guided my erect cock to her flared pussy lips. I thrust inside Betsy's pussy and I took her hard.

This was just how it should have been. I shouldn't have to beg for sex. I pounded Betsy with my fat cock that evening. She was crying out and begging me to fuck her. I gave her the cock she needed. We went at it for over an hour. We both came to a hot boil before I fired my cream into Betsy's pussy. 

This was the start of a great relationship with Betsy. She said she had missed having a man in bed with her each night. When we got home from work in the evening we eventually ended up fucking. The lawyer tells me that the papers will be served soon. Betsy and I are getting along just fine. Maybe if it all works out, Betsy will become my new wife.