 Christie sat up straight staring at her television wearing just a pair of bubble gum pink panties and a matching tee shirt ripped so it only half covered her breasts.  She had her bright blue Xbox controller in hand and her headset on. "There's a Smoker out there someplace." She whispered panning across the screen searching for something. 

"You know it's too bad I can't see you babe. You sound hot." A voice called back from her televisions.

"Oh I am hot. Now focus." Spotting her target she quickly squeezed off a two shots and eliminated the threat. Then she reached down and adjusted her panties, they were starting to ride up into the crack of her ass again and that was only sexy when there was someone watching. Home alone there was no point and the only reason she hadn't changed into something more comfortable was that she was to involved with the game and before that her husband had still been home.

The blonde had hoped that she could get a morning quickie out of David before he left for work. No such luck though, he had an important meeting first thing in the morning and couldn't spare even a moment. Not even the moment she had bought him by bringing him breakfast in bed. It wasn't that important though, the two had always had an open relationship. It was the result of him being a corporate man and she was a model. The only reason they even owned a house was because it made them feel "normal" truth be told they both spent more nights in hotels around the country and the globe than they ever did in their own beds. 

"Come on, all we need to do is last another thirty seconds and we'll be in the clear for the gold standard on this level and I've only got a few left to get." Christie said firing off another couple of rounds. "Oh and you sound cute yourself." 

The next thirty seconds were intense. A little more than she'd really been expecting actually. First a Tank, a zombie Hulk had knocked her from her perch with a rock. Then a Smoker had dragged her half across the stage only for a Hunter to pounce her. For a second she didn't think she was going to make it to the end of the level but she did. "Good job. I need to stretch." 

Christie sat the controller aside and rose to her full five ten height and stretched. She interlaced her fingers as she arched her back pushing her chest outward until the half shirt rose up over her light brown nipples. She followed that by leaning down to grab the backs of her calves again forcing her panties right up into the crack of her ass. She was about to twist when the doorbell interrupted her. "Oooh pizza's here." She said to herself skipping over to the door. She glanced out the peephole to make sure that it was the pizza she'd ordered and not one of those pesky Mormons always trying to get her to go to church.

It was the pizza, more importantly the pizza boy. He cute, a little awkward like his skin had never quite caught up with his skeleton and now he looked like a shirt stretched over a hanger. His brown hair was slicked back, which looked ridiculous with the black visors that the delivery boys were forced to wear. If he knew that he was about to win the lottery he certainly didn't show it. He looked rather bored actually balancing the pizza with one hand while the other was about to knock on the door again.

Just as his hand would have hit the door one last time she snatched the door open and watched his jaw drop. It's not every day that you find yourself face to face with a beautiful half naked woman. "Pizza." He somehow managed to mutter holding the red box out towards her. 

Undaunted by his predictable reaction Christie leaned forward and opened the box and pouted. "It's a pepperoni pizza." Her eyes lit up with an almost feral glare that the pizza boy matched with a deer in the headlight stare. "I wanted sausage." She growled snatching him by the collar and hauling him into a deep kiss. Caught completely off guard the only thing he could manage was keeping his legs from turning to mush beneath him. Christie pulled him into the house shutting the door behind him. "Lets see if you have any sausage for me. It need nice big sausage to fill me up." She pushed him against the wall and kissed him again slipping her hand into his pants. As soon as she had what she wanted she stepped away from him.

Christie flipped open his wallet. "Keith. Eighteen in July of two thousand eight." That was all she really needed to know about Keith and his wallet was tossed to the floor where her pizza had landed during the confusion. It was also where she was headed. Down on her knees she yanked his pants down to his thighs quickly followed by his boxers.

Keith wasn't going to win any awards for size but Christie wasn't going to complain. After all the point of delivery isn't that you get the most satisfying or filling food it's that it comes to you without a lot of work. Besides he wasn't lacking, it just wasn't the kind of mammoth manhood that would leave her jaw sore and have her walking funny for the rest of the week. It was just right for her to wrap her plump lips around and start slurping. "Oh God." Keith murmured. Christie was an amazing cock sucker managing somehow to flap her tongue along the underside of his cock while taking him all the way back. She loved the taste, the flavor, everything about having a man in her mouth and it was obvious. Keith was already clawing at her shoulders threatening to cum right then but Christie wouldn't let him. Expert tugs of her lips and flicks of her tongue brought the boy to the edge time and time again but didn't quite let him over and when he got too close she quickly grabbed him and squeezed down until he calmed enough for her to continue blowing him.

"That's good sausage. But I need it to fill me up." Christie cooed moving away from Keith and leaning over the arm of her couch. She knew exactly what he was thinking as she rolled her hips invitingly. There was only one thing that a red blooded American male could be thinking as her apple bottom shook in his direction and he didn't let her down. Keith moved himself behind her and pulled her panties to one side before pushing into her.

She was everything that a woman should be, warm, wet, tight, and quivering. Every thrust into her brought her body to a new spasm. She literally couldn't help herself. Christie's body responded to every single thing that Keith did whether she wanted it to or not. Something vital and alive inside her forced her to leap every time he touched her body. It was like a small jolt of electricity fired through her entire body. "Fuck me." She hissed wrapping her legs around him and pulling his body against hers. 

Keith was to flustered to speak but he 

was a man. When a woman told him to fuck here there was only one thing that he could do. His hips started pumping against hers faster with each thrust. "Yes!" She squealed digging her nails into his shoulders. Her heels dug into the small of his back urging him farther into her body. "Fill me with that sausage!" She whimpered louder this time. "I can feel it. You're gonna cum. You're gonna fill me up with your hot cum aren't you?" Keith nodded his head still unable to form words. "Not in me. I wanna taste it. I'm soo hungry!" 

Keith managed to obey that command yanking his cock free of her and scooting up to straddle her chest. Christie hungrily opened her mouth. The first blast landed across her forehead and part of the way over her cheek. The second landed squarely on her pink outstretched tongue as did most of the third the rest dribbling down her chin.  Keith managed to squeeze out four more after that splattering her breasts with his cum. Christie was still for a moment smiling up at the man. "That was great. Now get out." She smiled lazily licking his cum from her lips. "Now." Keith was gone and Christie was still laying there with a smile. "God I love delivery."