 It was some years ago and I had been left on my own yet again and was upstairs surfing the net on my new computer. Like most novice internet users of that time I had spent several hours visiting all sorts of sites but, having heard lots about the porn that was supposed to be available, I was curious. It was not that I'm a pervert, but rather one of life's inquisitive people, so I had been visiting some of the many free porn sites available. 

However, with only a few days experience I was completely lost on the internet and blundered about not yet fully aware of what I was doing. I had been clicking eagerly and images were filling the screen of my PC faster than I could control them. 

One thing was sure - they were much more explicit than any other material I had seen before.

Eventually, with perseverance, I managed to isolate several quality images and save them, but as one high definition porn picture followed another I became aroused and was rubbing myself to relieve the sexual pressure when the doorbell rang downstairs. I switched the monitor off and went to answer it.

"Hi John, is Wendy in?" It was Sue, a friend of my wife's who often popped round unannounced.

"I'm sorry, Sue, she's out at one of those parties - you know perfume or something." I replied," but I'll make you a coffee if you like."

I knew that Sue's husband worked nights and that when Sue came to see my wife it was to pass away an hour or two exchanging gossip until his return.

"Oh, all right then," she said and came into the house.

I switched on the kettle and filled the coffee cups with their ingredients as Sue chatted.

"So what do you do when Wendy is out then?" she asked mischievously.

I put on my most matter-of-fact voice and answered.

"Actually, I was upstairs surfing the internet. I have just got a new PC that's a lot faster than my old one so I can do it properly now," 

"Oh Yeh, looking at all those sex sites were you?"

Her tone was a mixture of curiosity and sarcasm.

"Sure," I said in a disclaiming way hoping to deflect this bulls-eye guess.

She perked up and continued, looking me directly in the eye,

"Oh really. They say that it is easy to see all sorts of things on the internet. Is that right?" 

"Well I suppose it is."

"So you have looked have you?" she was enjoying goading me and was smirking devilishly.

"What sort of things are there, I've often wondered?" she asked guardedly.

"You know, this and that," I responded sheepishly. She was obviously curious but I wasn't sure that I was prepared to be too frank. 

However, in a bold move I decided that I would bite the bullet and asked, or rather challenged her, "Come and see for yourself if you want to."

I expected this offer to put her off but that was not to be. Her curiosity was as bad as mine had been.

"OK," she replied and sprang from her chair, coffee cup in hand, with such enthusiasm that I was taken aback.

I led her upstairs to my study and sat her down in my swivel chair in front of the dead screen.

"Are you sure, Sue, I mean, it is porn you know?"

"I know, I know, switch it on." She ordered impatiently.

I switched on the monitor and up came the last image that I had been looking at. It was that of a very large penis entering a nicely engorged vagina from the rear.

"Christ!" exclaimed Sue, "I see what you mean."

She looked more closely and then turned to me and asked eagerly. "Are there any more pictures?"

Having inserted the best images that I had found in a Powerpoint file, I opened it and let her click her way through the dozen or so in the sequence.

The first showed a blonde girl taking most of the penis of a healthy young man in her mouth and this was followed by a close-up of a couple copulating missionary style. The rest were a series of interesting sex acts occurring between men and women. As my own preference was for straight heterosexual sex they did not include other proclivities.

The images that flicked through were clearly affecting Sue and she writhed slowly in her seat as she watched. Towards the end of the sequence she was actually rubbing her own breast, albeit surreptitiously. I stood behind her and felt my own excitement rising, partly due to the images on the screen, but principally because I was in close proximity to a women who was clearly becoming aroused by what she was watching.

"Do you want to see them again?" I asked when they finished and she nodded her accent. I lean across her and pressed the appropriate keys to start the sequence again.

Part way through the second sequence Sue, by then oblivious to my presence, began rubbing her groin through her skirt and was only brought back to reality by my asking quietly, "Does it excite you, Sue?" because it was certainly affecting me.

"Um," was all she could say as she gazed fixedly at the screen before her.

It was a statement of fact to say that Sue had the most wonderful 'full' breasts and as I stood behind her I watched them rise and fall with her ever deepening breathes. I watched their erect and protruding nipples stretch her thin cotton blouse as they filled and tightened. I needed to touch them and, from the state she was in, she needed me to touch them. So I did.

Standing behind her chair I laid my right hand gently on her right breast and waited, I needed a signal to proceed.

The signal came. She laid a hand on mine, pressed and began to force my hand into a circular kneading motion. I required no more encouragement and, before long, had encompassed both her breasts with my two hands and was squeezing, kneading and rolling both erect nipples between my grateful fingers.

She leaned back and closed her eyes as her arousal increased. After several minutes of this I started to slowly unbutton her blouse, one at a time, until it lay open to her waist. Her bra was a front opening type and I flicked the catch to release her glorious straining globes of cream flesh, then gathered them up in each in my hands to fondle their warm softness.

Desperate to feel them in my mouth, I spun the chair around to bring Sue and I face to face. She smiled as I knelt in front of her and buried my head in her copious bosom before taking mouthfuls of her succulent breasts. I tongued and squeezed her nipples between my lips, then sucked one breast at a time into my mouth until it was filled completely and left me gasping for air.

While I concentrating my attention on Sue's wonderful generous upper features I became aware of her, now shoeless, foot as it began to rub against my bulging groin, gently but purposely. I looked up into her face and she grinned, raised an eyebrow and pressed her foot more firmly against my throbbing erection.

I continued devouring her breasts but, positioned as I was, between her legs, I allowed my hands to fall onto her outer thighs just above her knees. I moved them forwards beneath her loose skirt, letting them travel higher up her nylon-clad thigh until I reached her stocking tops. 

"Stocking tops!" - I thought all my birthdays had arrived together. The course nylon material of her stockings gave way to little more than an inch of cool smooth skin that I allowed my hand to caress and explore for several minutes. 

As a teenager, I had only just started to enjoy the pleasure at the top of stocking covered legs when the devil invented tights and the world changed forever.

With palms outstretched, I stroked the conjunction of her legs, letting my thumbs trace the line of her groin, both inside and outside of her panties. Her legs parted more on each pass of my hands as her vulva engorged with desire. Eventually, I had to lift each of her legs onto the arm of the chair to allow full access to her moist and secret place. 

She was demonstrably excited, her panties were darkly stained with the dew of her lust and the outline of her engorged sex was visible through the thin material. I placed an outstretched hand on her mons, to push with its heel, up between her legs, and squeeze. She groaned and opened her legs even more widely.

My mouth abandoned her breasts and came down between her legs. The damp scent of musk filled my nostrils as I gnawed at her cotton covered genitals.

She made the next move. She pushed my head away and stood up, to slip her panties deftly down her legs. Once removed she resumed her previous, overtly lewd, position with her far-flung legs allowing me full access to an exquisitely pouting vulva, framed with dark curly pubic hair.

I viewed it longingly, then bent to give it the attention it deserved. It was like a ripe pink fig with a cheeky little tongue of a clitoris just poking out. I licked the outer lips, first upwards towards the peeing hole then downwards towards her sepia rosebud. I did this again and again then stiffened my tongue and explored deeper inside. I attacked her clitoris, hiding under its fold of skin and sucked it savagely. She squirmed and gave a gasp, pushing herself into my face. I knew I was connecting when I felt her hands pulling my head harder into her pussy. I sucked and stabbed with my tongue for many minutes until I felt her tremble, pull my head even more tightly into her pussy and then relax.

She had cum, no torrent of juices, but in warm relaxing spasms that left her temporarily spent. As her euphoria subsided she lifted my face with hands placed on each of my cheeks and kissed me. Then she cradled my head in her bosom where I lay for some time waiting for her to recover. 

I could have stayed like that all night but when I thought her recuperation was complete I began to push my still straining penis forward and started to rub it up and down the wet soft folds of her glowing pussy. If I had been frustrated before this action certainly made me more so. My poor rod was getting more excited knowing that it was only the thickness of my denim jeans away from a glorious treat. 

After several dry strokes she reached down between us and grasped my penis firmly and squeezed it hard, then she undid my belt and slipped down my zip fastener. Fixing me with her eyes she reached inside my briefs and smiled cheekily as she extended her fingers around my rigid manhood and squeezed.

It pulsed with anticipation and I scrambled to divest myself of both my jeans and briefs. When she regained her hold of me it was with a lighter and more tentative grip. Nonetheless, the effect, as she moved her partly clenched hand up and down my shaft was exquisite and I gazed into her face to watch her tongue moisten her lips in some unsaid promise. 

Eventually she released me and slipped out of the chair and knelt in front of me so that my penis was only millimetres from her face. She placed her hands behind her and leaned forward to rub her face against the gnarled under-surface of my jutting prick - first with her cheek and finally with her full face with its tongue extended. 

Up and down my length she licked for a good thirty seconds and then took the pre-cum-smeared head fully into her mouth and sucked enthusiastically, her cheeks hollowing with the effort.

As she fellated me she continued to hold my gaze, judging the effect she was having on me from the expression on my face. She held my ball sac with the fingers of one hand and traced the ridge of my urethra with a fingernail of the other hand - endlessly testing for my pleasure points.

"Is this OK for a first effort?" she asked between sucks, but she could already feel my response in balls that ached to discharge their milky payload.

"If this is the first cock you've sucked then put me down for the next one, will you."

"I haven't finished with it yet," she laughed getting to her feet.

"I need to have that inside me - now. How do you want to have me? This way?" she turned away from me, knowing instinctively my preference and placed her feet wide apart, bent forward across the chair and flicked her skirt up over her lower back.

Sue had the most glorious arse, two huge rounded hillocks of pink flesh leaned against each other like two drunks. Below this vision her pussy hung like a miniature version of her arse cheeks. It glistened with anticipation and she reached back and rubbed her hand along it, separating its lips for entry and coating them with her, now copiously flowing juices. I reached forward eagerly and rubbed it with the side of my hand, slipping my thumb in and out of her as I did. She responded by moving with my hand and moistening herself even more.

Her breathing betrayed that, after only a few caresses, she was aroused again and her pussy lips closed around my fingers. Her legs moved even further apart as her vulva grew too big for the space provided between them. I judged the time to be right to enter her and placed the head of my penis just inside her swollen lips where I rubbed it along their length. They opened like a Venus FlyTrap and attempted to suck me in.

I pushed hard and was, immediately, sucked fully inside her to be encased in wet velvet with my tangled pubic hair rubbing up against her pale lower cheeks.

She gasped as I entered and pushed back towards me whereupon I withdrew and pushed forward again. 

After establishing a comfortable position I reached forward and held on to her slightly below her waist and started to develop a rhythm. 

 

God she was wet! God she was tight!

 

It seemed that, on every withdrawal, she milked me like she was squeezing the very last of the toothpaste out of the tube until, finally, the pressure built to bursting point and my balls tightened. 

"God...I'm...going... to... cum, Sue," I gasped and with this, she pushed even more forcibly backwards and clamped my penis with her vice-like vaginal muscles. 

I came. It was instant, my legs went weak and my penis seemed to pulse for ages until I made one last gigantic thrust and stood, pumping sperm deep into her body. My ears buzzed with pleasure. 

 

Eventually the throbbing stopped and my rigid stem softened as I became overwhelmed with the usual sense of post orgasmic well being. Sue moved forward and my flacid penis came out of her with a slurp and hung, shining, between my legs. She turned and planted a long and lustful wet kiss full on my mouth.

 

" Do you know, John, that is the first time in my life that I've done it doggy style, and I found it a real turn on. It was only the pictures which made me do that."

"I'm glad you did, Wendy doesn't like doing it that way."

"Any more 'firsts'?" I enquired.

"Such as?" she replied.

"Well, you do have a tighter hole."

"You naughty bugger," she laughed and added, "You will need a stiffer cock than that to get in there," pointing to the now, lifeless organ hanging in front of me.

"Well that's down to you if you are willing to try."

She grinned and reached out to cup my entire penis and balls in her hand. She squeezed and pulled at them before realising that I needed some visual stimulation. She lay back in the chair, hooked her legs over the arm of the chair once again and pulled up her skirt to reveal that glorious cum covered pussy. She then stroked it, opening its lips and slipping fingers in and out of it giving me one of her most sluttish looks as she did.

My eyes, however, were not looking into hers, they were watching her fingers and, despite it being only minutes since I came, my penis started to rise again.

When it had regained its earlier glory she said, "There, that wasn't so difficult was it?"

She got out of the chair and stood before me, then, grabbing me tightly, she whispered, "It's a first time for both of us - so be gentle." 

"We are going to need some lubrication," I whispered back, "Just wait a minute"

The master bedroom was next door and I ran through to collect a jar of cream and as I did my eager prick was swinging enthusiastically before me.

When I returned Sue was stretched out forwards, seductively, across my desk. She was an ample woman with a wonderful skin texture and her buttocks separated as she leaned across the desk to reveal again that marvellous pussy, hanging low and open beneath her.

I coated my fingers with the cream and, moving forward, rubbed it down her rear crevasse and into her little brown ring, reaming this opening with a circular motion of my fingers.

She exhaled sharply as I did this. God, her virgin hole was tight, but her little brown star slowly relaxed around my finger as I explored. Within a short time I was able to get two fingers inside until it seemed big enough to take my cock.

I then slipped my, now straining cock into her amply lubricated vagina and pumped it in and out a few times.

When her breathing started to come in gasps, announcing her arousal, I withdrew it and offered his head to her anus. Despite my fingering, it was now closed, tight shut so I had to push and keep pushing until the muscles at its entrance relaxed and the head disappeared inside. I then felt her anal ring contract around it, but I pushed again and made further inroads. 

By withdrawing partially and thrusting in again I made more progress and I repeated this until my entire cock was engulfed. I stopped and waited and she squealed,

"Christ, John, that hurts."

"Do you want me to stop?" I asked, concerned that I would injure her.

"Not on your life," she answered," Keep going."

I reached around her and slipped a fingertip through her hairy mound to rub her clitoris before beginning a steady thrusting rhythm into her cream slicked rear passage.

With the combination of my fingering her clitoris and her tight grasp of my dick, we both lasted no time at all.

"I'm cumming Sue. Are you there yet?" I grunted

"Umm," she answered and pushed back against me. 

I increased the speed of my thrusting to almost manic levels and then came, exploding with a tremendous organism. 

My dick went soft immediately and removed itself from her anus with an audible plop which then remained twitching from the effects of the intrusion.

She remained in the same position for ages with me draped over her back, breathing in shallow gasps, before I stood up and asked, "Are you alright, Sue?".

She looked round, " I have to tell you, John, that if someone had asked me what I felt about anal sex I would have answered, Yuk.! but it was incredible."

I became philosophical, "You know, Sue, I have been having sex in the missionary position for twenty years, not daring even to suggest something different for fear of being seen as a pervert and here I am - having a blow job, fucking doggy style and having anal sex, all in one night. You are certainly an enlightened women."

"It's the same for me," she replied. "I've laid in bed when Mike was asleep with my hand between my legs fantasising about the things we have done tonight but not wanting to seem like a whore to Mike."

"Someone once said that a wife must be a chef in the kitchen, a lady in the drawing room and a whore in the bedroom." I guess they were right.

"I will have to be your whore then." She kissed me and recovered her clothing.

"How about another coffee – that one has gone cold." I said, pointing to the untouched coffee I made earlier.

 ***********

I had thought a lot about Sue since our session in front of the computer, so I was excited to see her at the door some two weeks later.

"I hear Wendy has gone to her mothers," she said as she placed a cool bottle of German white wine into my hands and pushed passed me into the house.

"Hi, Sue. What's the occasion?" I asked, watching her disappear into the lounge.

My feelings were a mixture of concern and anticipation because it was clear that Sue was visiting me and not my wife. Sue was a forthright woman on whom subtlety could said to be wasted and I followed her into the lounge to hear her reply.
