 "What's your name?" whispered a shy voice in the dark.

The voice was young and feminine, which was very surprising. Doug responded back in a low voice, "What? My name's ... Doug..."

But when Doug turned his head he froze. He had heard the voice but hadn't seen who was speaking. There was a stunning blonde next to him!

She grinned back at him and left him stunned. The blonde wasn't just pretty - she was spectacularly gorgeous!

"Doug ... awesome! I'm so pleased to meet you!" she whispered again, leaning closer even more. Her face was even more startlingly beautiful up close. "My name's Emma!"

Doug was dumbfounded. He was sitting in a porno theater in the back row, right at the corner seat. The place was a shitty dump. Dark, seedy, and unclean, it should have been every female's nightmare to visit. The seats were old and worn, frayed in many of the fabric cushions and seatbacks. Suspicious stains could be found on every seat, many of them looking like faded Jackson Pollock paintings. The floors were sticky from spilled pop and God knows what else. The fragrant smells were pungent and offensive enough to make one wonder if anyone cleaned the theater - not in the night of course, when the skin flicks were playing, but perhaps at least during the morning?

Why was there a smoking hot blonde sitting next to him? It didn't make any sense!

First of all, she was very young. Secondly, they were in a porno theater. Thirdly, he was just an average Joe. At fifty-two years of age, about six feet tall, and about two hundred and thirty pounds, there wasn't anything really to write home about. Doug also wasn't very fit and had a spare tire around his waist. Plus, he was a very plain looking guy and knew it. Thinning grey hair, bags under his eyes, and a bit of a double-chin - there wasn't anything worth bragging about in the looks department.

So why this girl all of a sudden? Why was she coming onto him? Then it finally dawned on Doug: she was a working girl! Of course!

He smiled at her but could scarcely conceal the lust in his eyes. The worst was that the looker didn't even seem to mind! "See here, I ... I appreciate the offer, but I'm not really into ... you know ... paying for sex!"

It was the girl's turn to look startled. That lasted a quick moment before she understood what he was talking about. The blonde hottie grinned. "Oh ... I'm not a prostitute or anything like that!" And truthfully she didn't seem to have minded being mistaken for one. "That's too funny!" she giggled.

There was a brief awkward pause when Emma bit her bottom lip cutely. Then her face brightened up and she asked, "You don't mind if I sit here, do you?"

"Of ... of course not!" It wasn't often that Doug was tongue-tied, but this was one of those moments that had him awfully confused. Still, he couldn't think of a reason not to allow the young woman to sit next to him!

For starters, she was an extraordinary beauty! Even in the dark of the theater - with a threesome on the screen copulating wildly (their noisy lovemaking making it even harder on poor Doug as he surreptitiously eyed Emma beside him) - he could tell that. The girl was on the petite side - possibly five-three or five-four (it was the latter), but she was slim and leggy with a huge set of knockers that he could swear were double-D's. There was no doubt in Doug's mind that Emma was young, because she looked sixteen to him. However, he guessed she was eighteen or nineteen because of the adult-only age limit of the establishment. She had absolutely angelic model-like features - from her pouty red lips, high-cheek bones, big blue eyes, and perfect complexion. Her pale face seemed to almost glow with creamy, porcelain skin – utterly fantastic. She didn't seem to have much make-up on - only black mascara, silvery-glitter eye-shadow, and thick red lip-gloss - the type that made men shiver in lust. Her glorious mane of golden tresses cascaded down her back like a waterfall all the way to the small of her back, ending with curvy waves. It was parted on the left-hand side, with a single cute, bright red hairclip keeping her long bangs out of her eyes.

Emma had poured herself into a sexy little dress that exposed a lot of her voluptuous figure. It astounded Doug at how daring the blonde was in such a notorious setting! She wore a one-piece mini-dress that was white above the waist and then had wide horizontal red and white stripes for the skirt part. The top portion was tight, clinging to Emma like a second skin with a shoulder-less, strapless design. Basically it was thin piece of material was wrapped around Emma's torso around the girl's mid-section, not only showing off her thin waist, but more importantly displaying her rather massive rack. The dress only came up just past her nipples, leaving the top of Emma's shoulders and swelling breasts magnificently bare. And Doug could tell the blonde wasn't wearing a bra because, well, there simply wasn't enough room for one! In fact, the dress's top was too sheer and stretchy because he could see the girl's nipples poking out of the thin fabric easily, even though he was in a darkened theater.

The tight top suddenly turned into a skirt at the girl's hips, flowing out in a bell-shaped curve, flared so that it wasn't very tight at all. Yet while the skirt wasn't clingy, it was still very mini. Dangerously so. Doug loved girls in short skirts, so the amount of Emma's long, slim legs being displayed suited him quite satisfactory. Her bare, slinky legs just seemed so ... exposed! And a tremendous amount of thigh was showing as well, which again Doug didn't mind. It's just that every time the petite beauty shifted in her seat it seemed as if the skirt moved higher and higher up her thighs - and it was driving the man crazy!

The only other thing that Doug could see that the girl sitting beside him had on were a pair of outrageously chic white stiletto platform ankle booties - one inch platform and six inch heels that fit the blonde to a T. Just sitting next to him with her slender legs crossed, her one foot swaying slightly back and forth in those killer ankle boots had a mesmerizing effect on the man.

Her whole entire package was boner-inducing to the max! He was horny, of course, from watching the X-rated feature on the screen, but now that there was a hot little number right beside him the tension became unbearably high. Doug had trouble keeping himself from sneaking quick glances at his new seatmate. His hungry eyes darted back and forth to Emma's huge tits, to the nipples poking out of her thin dress, to the shortness of her skirt, to her cute heels, and finally to her long, stunningly bare and silky legs.

And the funny thing was that the lovely girl didn't even seem to notice his awkward, flitting glances. Doug was a nice guy and a gentlemen, but he was still a man! He couldn't comprehend why Emma was sitting next to him in a lurid porno theater in the first place, as she seemed much more suited to a posh club or lounge. So while he didn't want to make her feel uncomfortable, it was hard not to steal some glances, but the funny thing was that the voluptuous blonde didn't seem agitated or even aware of his lustful gaze!

The truth was simple, however. Emma was just doing her job. The nineteen year-old was an employee of Slurp-O-Gram, a company that provided blowjobs (or cunnilingus) to customers who wanted someone special in their life to, well, have a memorable sexual experience. The gorgeous blonde was just about to do that for Doug, the lucky recipient of the night.

She was new at the job, and Doug was only her third client so far. Her first two customer's had been thrilled with her services and her manager was pleased enough that Emma's performance ratings were through the roof. Of course that was to be expected given the nature of the service, the exquisite beauty of the employee, and last, but not least, her exceptional oral talents and skills.

Emma was a natural born cock-sucker. She had always been good at giving head, with penises of all sizes. However, Emma was particular gifted at orally servicing big dicks. Management had found this out during the course of her interview and onboarding into the company. She had three interviews to complete before she was hired; each interview began with the typical questions one might expect during a job interview but each one ended with a bout of hot oral sex - specifically with Emma on her knees sucking her interviewer's erection and swallowing hot juicy loads of cum down her gulping throat.

At first the young woman was a little embarrassed and put-off by the blowjobs, but once she was hired, and was required to perform even more head to other male managers and higher-ups, she gradually understood it was to ensure the quality of her work. After all, the only way that Slurp-O-Gram was to know what type of service they were giving their customers was to have intimate knowledge of the oral skills that their employees provided, right?

She finally figured that out after her twentieth blowjob at the company main offices.

But Emma enjoyed giving blowjobs. She loved that something she was good at gave joy to so many men. And it didn't hurt that the money was great!

Then the girl leaned against Doug, so that their shoulders and legs touched. He flinched a little but didn't say anything. Doug had ordered a medium sized bag along with a medium Coke, and he kept himself busy by shoving buttery popcorn into his mouth. Since they were in the back row, he could see about a dozen other men in the dark theater, all scattered about and no doubt jacking themselves off. Doug wondered what they would think if they turned their heads and looked back to see this stunning beauty leaning up next to him?

"Can I have some popcorn?" Emma asked brazenly. She flashed him a wide grin, displaying her perfect teeth at the same time.

Nodding his head, Doug was about to give his bag over to the blonde but she surprised him by reaching over and taking a handful herself. The bag of popcorn sat between his legs but she didn't seem to have any worries in sharing it in that manner. The man watched her in wonder as she finished up the popcorn and then reached over once again, this time for his drink. She winked at him saucily before taking a long sip. Next she grabbed another handful of popcorn. This time, however, she 'accidentally' let a few pieces of popcorn drop onto his crotch.

"Oh! I'm so sorry!" she exclaimed, looking worried.

"It's alright -" began Doug, before he stopped in midsentence, sucking in his breath.

The luscious teenager had placed her left hand right in-between his legs, searching for the loose popcorn. He was totally surprised.

"Hey ... you don't ... you don't have to do that..."

Emma leaned over even more, invading Doug's personal space even further. She had found one of the kernels and threw it to the floor. But now her hand was back in-between the man's legs, reaching deep, grasping his genitals through his pants, and rubbing his erection with her fingers and hands.

She licked her big, pouty red lips. "I couldn't find the other kernels ... but ... but I couldn't help but notice how hard you are, mister..."

God, was she going to call the cops on him or something? Doug groaned and was a loss for words. He stammered, "Shit! I'm ... I mean ... you weren't supposed to put your hands there, honey!"

"It's alright ... I'm a big girl!" whispered Emma in a sultry voice, her big blue eyes locked onto his. She didn't stop touching him, and instead began to really knead and massage his genitals.

The shift in tone wasn't subtle at all. One moment the girl's hand had been fishing for popcorn between his thighs and popcorn bag, the next she had his balls (still inside his trousers) in her hands and was squeezing it rather enthusiastically. Emma also fondled the rigid member through the material of his pants, tugging it up and down as best she could through the fabric. Still, it felt fantastic - all more so because of the public environment and what was happening on-screen. The porno being played on the big screen was Anal Blazing Glory - a simple story of a young brunette getting fucked in the ass a whole lot. At the moment the starlet was getting tag-teamed by a trio of hung studs, each taking turns pounding her asshole or enjoying her mouth. Watching the action on-screen and then turning his attention to the blonde slut next to him, massaging his crown jewels, was like a dream come true.

The best part was that Emma was vastly more gorgeous than the brunette in the movie.

"Are you one of those nymphomaniacs?" he whispers, watching in awe as the girl began pulling down his zipper. Was this really happening?

The blonde giggled in delight. "No! Well ... not really! It's just that ... I like to watch porno movies ... and it makes me a bit horny! Is that so bad?" She looked over at Doug with a pouty frown. Emma had made up her story on the spot. The client said that he didn't want Doug to know that he was getting a paid blowjob - it had to seem as if Emma wanted to give him head.

He shook his head vehemently. "Of course not!"

"Awww ... you're so sweet, Doug!" Emma cooed into the man's ear. "Because you're such a nice guy, I want to give you something extra special!"

Doug shivered because the nineteen year-old had his erection pulled out of his zipper and boxers, lightly caressing it with her soft fingers as if promising more to come. Even that was more than Doug had hoped for in a crummy porno theater that night. Usually when he frequented the place he didn't always jerk-off, he just liked to watch hot girls getting fucked. Once in a while he'd pull out his wiener and masturbate like the rest of the losers in the dark theater, but he'd never thought he'd ever have someone- who was a total babe! - give him a hand-job.

There was a moment when time felt like it was suspended. Doug's six inch erection, as rock-hard as it ever was going to be, had dainty hands wrapped around it with. Those hands were very lovely and delicate, the fingernails carefully painted with gleaming red nail polish. Emma stared at the cock in the palm of her hand, enjoying its heft and feel in her hand, a nice circumcised penis. It throbbed in tune with the blue-collar man's racing heartbeat, the veiny shaft's skin silky smooth and its purplish mushroom head especially thick and bulbous. It stunk a little, which made Doug worried since he had been working double-shifts and hadn't taken a shower for two days, but the girl didn't say a word.

Emma herself was a bit nervous. She was still new at Slurp-O-Gram, after all. What also had her pulse pounding was the fact that Emma was excited about giving head to the man. The public escapade, which meant someone could easily catch her in the act of sucking the dick of another man, made her undeniably wet inside her tiny skirt. It didn't hurt that his cock was larger than everyone at her company - all her co-workers, managers, and executives she had sucked off had all been victims of small packages, always leaving the young woman a little bit disappointed in pretty much all of her training sessions.

"What ... what are you going to give me?" Doug asked, his throat dry.

"If you give me a kiss, I'll tell you..." she said coyly, tilting her head towards him, still with his cock in her hand.

Her lips were parted halfway, edges curved upwards just a smidge to suggest a slight grin, or perhaps the hint of pleasure. Emma's lips shimmered deep red and sparkly in the low light, the liquid sheen of lip-gloss looking glamorously wet, shiny, and oh-so erotic. Doug would have given his left nut to plant his lips on the gorgeous blonde, so he wasted no time giving in to her surprising request. He leaned over and tasted paradise.

The hot little minx tasted like strawberries. It was probably some gum she had been chewing before she arrived at the porno theater, but she seemed so sweet, so fresh, and so intoxicating it nearly took away Doug's breath. Even better, Emma parted her plump lips invitingly and the man's rapacious tongue delved into her mouth, only to be met by her long, slender tongue in return.

He feasted on the blonde's lips, hungrily kissing and going deeper and deeper. They swapped saliva, tasting one another amorously, the girl matching his passion and ardor. Doug wished he had brushed his teeth that day and knew he tasted of the hamburger he had eaten for dinner and stale cigarettes, but Emma didn't complain and he didn't care either, so the thought flitted out of his mind.

As her tongue curled around his, rasping against his teeth playfully, Emma started to stroke his hardness with one hand. Each time she came to the sensitive mushroom top she used her nimble fingers to toy with it, teasing him so enticingly that it had Doug shivering in his seat. Then she resumed her languorous tugging of his dick.

They kissed for quite a long time, the blonde's hand gradually becoming faster and faster on his erection. They looked like a couple, and indeed the circumstances might have seemed more romantic if it weren't for the pornographic movie playing in front of them and the raunchy sounds of sex emanating from the theater speakers. Still, it was a moment neither of them would ever forget.

Doug's hand nervously ran up Emma's silky thigh, up her slim waist, and then underneath one humungous breast. She moaned - not in objection, but more like an inviting purr. As he groped her tit, Doug was in shocked disbelief. Usually on his dates he went home empty-handed in rejection. Even his last girlfriend only allowed him to kiss her on their third date. This wicked vixen was allowing him to access to her breasts without any reluctance at all - and she was giving him an intense hand-job as well!

It seemed too good to be true, but if it were a dream he didn't want to wake up. He continued fondling her awesome titties in delight. Emma's boobs were fucking exceptional by any standard. They felt huge and heavy in his hands, but wonderfully soft and pillowy. Doug was a breast-man himself and he was literally in awe at the perfection of Emma's plump jugs - she was spectacular in every way, shape, and form. And the best part was that the girl's sweet titties were completely natural. There definitely wasn't any silicone here!

Daring to go further, Doug began pinching Emma's nipples through the thin fabric of her white dress. He could tell the girl was aroused due to how hard her tender buds were. They had been poking out through the tight, flimsy material, and he found them irresistible to play with. Emma didn't protest so Doug went even further, slipping some fingers into the top of her dress to directly molest her nipples themselves! It was the easiest thing in the world to do since the teenager's outfit was armless, shoulder-less, and strapless. Her only response was to moan out even more sensually.

The pair spent a few minutes with their lips locked together, Emma robustly tugging on cock while Doug concentrated on her lovely pair of breasts. Slowly but surely the man's fingers caused the dress to slip down her so that her nipples were bare and free, which Doug pinched, pulled, and twiddled to his heart's content. As he did so, Emma leaned in closer, pressing more of her nubile figure against a complete stranger, growing hornier by the minute.

His desire to taste her nipples became too strong! Pulling away from Emma's lips (almost regretfully, Doug then lifted one of her tits up to his mouth, hungrily popping the nipple between his lips and twirled away with his tongue, almost viciously. Emma groaned and arched her back in the creaky movie theater seat, but more importantly she never stopped him. Taking her silence as consent, the man began going from one nipple to the next. His tongue licked away devilishly as he sucked, then chewed, on her twin strawberry buds while trying not to make his lip-smacking noises too loud in the dim theater.
