 My day was just getting started when I heard a ruckus start, banging noises followed by some wholehearted swearing.

It was coming from the apartment directly below me, so I went to see if this was the chance I'd been looking for. I'd spied the downstairs neighbor before, and I'd been looking for a chance to say hi naturally. She walked like she was wound too tight, and didn't seem the type who would welcome a random stranger, neighbor or not.

My heart lifted as I took in the scene below me. My neighbor was standing, hands on hips, looking like she wanted to give the pile of boxes in front of her a good talking too. She looked around in exasperation, and noticed me watching her.

"Need help moving something?" I asked, my face a picture of honest concern. I headed down the steps, offering my hand to her. "Hamilton Stone. I'm your upstairs neighbor, and I'm here to help." Ignoring her protests, I picked up one of the boxes. It's weight was much more than it's size suggested. If all of them were like this, no wonder she'd dropped them.

"No, no, no problem at all," I said, waving away her objections. "I won't hear of you moving these by yourself. Where to?" Giving up in the face of my innocent attitude, she directed me to the back bedroom of her apartment. The room was decorated for a girl, one who, given the build up of random things on the bed, didn't live here regularly, but came back often enough to warrant keeping the room set up for her. Daughter, I assumed, college-aged. 

I worked steadily, bringing the half-dozen heavy boxes through the well-appointed living room and past the cozy kitchen into the back room.

"Thank you so much," She said, shaking my hand once the job was done. "I'm so grateful. It's been a long day, and carrying those boxes wasn't fun."

"Well, I'm glad you tried to bring them all in at once." I said, smiling at her. "It finally gave me a chance to meet you. I've been looking for a reason, ever since I fist saw you." I smiled wolfishly at her, then let my eyes drift down over her body. I stopped for a moment to stare openly at her chest, before looking into her eyes, noting the slight blush my openness caused.

Her blush made me sure the time was right. I closed my eyes, letting my mind feel around the solid walls of reality, looking for and quickly finding the gap. I slid through, feeling like I was moving without moving.

I inhaled the sweet scent of the other universe, and opened my eyes. I found the lady staring at me, the question of why I'd closed my eyes for so long.

"Please excuse me, Ms..." I let my voice trail off, and she picked up the question.

Answering slowly, she said, "Oh, my name? My name is Alexis Loving."

"Pleased to meet you. Alexis." I held out my hand again. As she took it, something like a spark passed between us. Alexis started slightly, then spoke slowly again, as if she were faced with something entirely new to her. She held my hand, not letting go as she stared at me. When she spoke again, though, it all came out in a rush.

"And you, Mr. Stone. It's so nice to meet a friendly neighbor. You know, I've lived in this building for almost ten years, and you're the first person I feel I've really met. It's so easy to come and go, just nodding at people you see every day, never going beyond that..." She continued for a while, her hand pulling me closer as she went on. By the time she petered out, we were standing close enough that our hands were the only thing separating us.

As she came to the end of her monologue, she began to blush again. When she stepped back, she seemed to resume some of her standoffish manner. She thanked me again, and we both turned to head to our apartments. As my foot hit the first step, she called out to me.

"Hamilton," She said, "I was going to open a bottle of wine and make some dinner. Would you care to join me?" Her expression was of someone terrified that they were about to be laughed at.

I looked at her for a moment before breaking out a huge smile. "Sure," I said affably, "I'd love to. On one condition, though: I'll bring the wine." Her face grew dimples as she smiled, and we agreed I'd come down in about ten minutes.

I grabbed a bottle of white wine, and took a quick pass at myself in the mirror. Having achieved presentability, I headed down for what I knew would be a fun night with my new friend.

When she opened the door, Alexis looked very different from the buttoned up lady I'd helped move things for. She had doffed her jacket, which seemed designed to make anyone wearing it look sexless. It barely worked on her, keeping her delightfully large breasts from being displayed prominently. With it off her breasts rode proud and firm on her chest, clearly straining against the bra showing through the thin fabric of her shirt. She had likewise removed her neckerchief, unbuttoned just enough to let the top of her sizable cleavage to peak out. Her skirt, deprived of the sex-denying support of her top, squeezed her ample rear, it's tight waist giving Alexis an unexpectedly hourglass shape.

All in all, the picture of a closed off woman, opening up just a tad. As we chatted over opening and drinking the wine, her hand kept rising to her throat, and fiddled with the top closed button of her shirt. Occasionally, that hand would rub against her breasts. As the conversation continued, her nipples became erect, pressing through the fabric of her straining bra, and the shirt that covered it.

We chatted, and she filled me in on her life, her job as a high-school teacher, her daughter, who was indeed away at college, and whom she missed deeply. As the third glass was poured, Alexis opened up about her husband, the love of her life, who had passed away, shortly after Cara, their daughter. Was born. Thinking about her lost husband and her absent daughter made her a bit weepy, and I took the opportunity to get close to her again, holding her as she teared up, feeling her left tit press into me.

As Alexis stopped crying, she held me close, pressing against me, her growing need readily apparent. As we were about to kiss, however, the buzzer on the oven announced that dinner was ready. Reluctantly, she pulled away from me, heading into the kitchen to get our meal ready. I followed her into the kitchen, helping her get things together, occasionally feeling her press against me.

The meal was nice, well made, and took a back seat to drinking more wine. As I opened the second bottle, I asked her, "How is it you're single, Alexis? You're intelligent, well-read, and put together amazingly well." I spoke as innocently as possible, giving no indications that I wanted to fuck her into next week. It's hard, but this tactic works better, over here. 

For me at least, when the women come to the idea on their own. Alexis glanced away, letting me scope out her capacious cleavage, which, Alexis having let two more buttons come undone, without seeming to realize it.

"Oh, guys. Guys are nothing but trouble. They only want one thing!" She said forcefully, scorn covering her face. "All they want is these," Here she took both of her huge mammaries into her hands, squeezing them hard enough that her hands sank into the soft flesh, "And this." With that she patted her crotch. She held my gaze with hers, saying, "No one wants to get to know you. Guys who come on to me, they're all in it to get their dicks wet." She took a long drink from her wineglass, a subdued, resigned look on her face.

"C'mon, it can't be that bad." She looked disdainful, then sad. "There has to be a guy out there, at least one, who can be a friend and a lover." Our gazes still locked together, 

Alexis looked at me appraisingly. As I tried too look like a guy who wasn't already sporting a hard on, she leaned forward, bringing our faces close enough to feel her breathing. 

"Maybe, maybe." She said in almost a whisper. Then she leaned in, and we kissed. It was a needy kiss on her part, her tongue thrusting into my mouth as she pulled me closer to her. Still kissing, she slid her leg over mine. I slid my hand up her leg, into the dark cavern of her skirt, gently rubbing the sensitive flesh on her inner thigh. As I moved my hand upwards towards her soft vagina, she moaned against the kiss, then broke it to let her head loll back. I kissed and licked her neck, while my hand down below gently caressed her through the rapidly wetting fabric of her panties.

"Is this OK?" I asked, all innocent again. Her head snapped up, and she kissed me again.

"Fuck, yes," She breathed, "It's been so long since anyone touched me..."

"Tell me about the last time you had sex." I said, lifting her panties aside, then running my fingers lightly over her wet lips. Alexis shuddered as one finger settled on her clitoris, not moving, just pressing down lightly. 

With a voice quavering from the pleasure of being fingered, she told me about her last fling, as she called it, from five years before this night. She had gone to a bar with some work friends, celebrating the end of the school year. Three drinks in, she notices a man, good looking, who's obviously interested in her. He buys her a drink, they talk through a few more. She finds out that he's new in town, doesn't know anyone. As the night wears on, they get more and more physical, culminating in them getting a hotel room and fucking 'til dawn. When he's in the shower, Alexis gave in to temptation, and looked into his wallet. There, she found pictures of his two kids and his wife. When confronted, he claimed innocence, saying that she had wanted to fuck, and he just told a few white lies to get there. He left her crying in the hotel room.

As she was telling me this, I slipped down between he legs. Pushing her skirt up, she spread her legs wide, giving me unfettered access to her honey hole. I listened to her story, using my fingers and tongue to bring her close to orgasm several times. When she had finished her story, I finished her off, her legs stretched straight out under the table, tensing and loosening in time with the waves of pleasure she was getting from my tender ministrations to her sopping pussy. My face was coated from the nose down in her love juices when I finally felt her orgasm subside.

"Jesus, that was good." Alexis said as her gasping subsided. "That was fucking amazing. I don't know that I've come like that since Roger died. Christ almighty..." She petered off, head lolling back as she finally caught her breath. She opened her eyes when I stood up. Alexis' attention was drawn to the huge bulge in my jeans, her eyes narrowing and her tongue licking her lips. As she started to reach for my belt buckle, though, I surprised her by steeping away from her and towards the kitchen.

"I need some water. You?" Alexis looked stricken, nodding in the affirmative. When I'd fetched the glasses of ice water, I found Alexis reclining on her couch. She took the glass of water from me and drank it down, her eyes never leaving mine. Done with the glass, 

She stretched, placing the glass on an end table while at the same time, pulling her now fully unbuttoned shirt open, letting her breasts, straining against the slightly too small bra which imprisoned them. Alexis smiled, the first fully open smile I'd seen on her. The smile took on a Cheshire cat cast as she patted the sofa next to her. I drank down my glass of water, then took the space she'd offered me.

We came together, kissing and touching one another. She helped me out of my shirt, then spent some time exploring my chest, sucking my nipples, then kissing down until her lips ran into the edge of my jeans. Laying her head on my belly, Alexis began to rub my shaft through the denim covering it.

After a minute, her soft touch had brought me almost to the point of orgasm. I pulled her hand away, answering her quizzical look look with the simple statement that I didn't want to come in my pants. I made a remark about coming in my pants reminding too much of middle school, which got an amused chuckle from Alexis, who had turned her head to look me in the eye. As she giggled, her hand began loosening my belt.

"Well, I can't just let you get blue balls," She said, as her hand freed my raging hard on from its fabric covering. Her face still turned to me, I could see her eyes widen as her hand stroked the full length of my hard shaft. "I don't believe it," She said, turning her face to look at my huge, wide fuck tool, "There's no way you can get this erect without passing out." Her voice was filled with wonder as her eyes took in the rod jutting upwards, out of my now exposed thatch of hair. While her hand kept pumping up and down, Alexis slowly approached my swollen member. Crouching between my legs, Alexis slowly pressed my cock against her face, eyes closed as though in worship of it, immersed in the feeling of warm flesh, engorged with hot blood, covering the left side of her face from chin to forehead. Alexis inhaled deeply, moaning slightly as the smell of my hard cock filled her lungs. I slid one of my feet over to where her crotch, dripping on the wood beneath her, hovered. The material of my shoe, sliding into the open space beneath her wet fuck hole, brought a gasp and a look of surprise to Alexis' face, which quickly changed to a long moan as she pressed her moist slit against the roughness. She began to meet the motion of my shoe with her own pelvic thrusts.

"Damn, you know how to keep a woman interested," She moaned, rubbing her face up and down on my throbbing shaft. A sudden look of decision crossed her face, and she proceeded to take the shaft deep into her mouth, getting about half of it into the welcoming orifice before gagging, as the tip of my cock hit the back of her throat.

"Damn, this thing is gonna be the death of me, choking me like that." She said, flashing a quick smile up at my red face, before stuffing the now slick throat-fucker back into her mouth. Alexis sucked cock with a will, a need born from five years of abstinence. She sucked the shaft deeper and deeper into her ready mouth, getting it almost three quarters of the way to fully taking my hot meat down her willing, but still overwhelmed, throat.

I felt the orgasm build inside, growing ever closer with each plunge of my shaft down her throat. The climax came as Alexis thrust her head down, closer than ever to taking all of my meat down her ever-widening throat. I came as she pulled my cock out of her mouth, gasping for air, jetting my first load into her mouth, the second coming as Alexis tried to swallow, coating the left side of her face with hot jizz. My third load finished coating her face, with the fourth and final load filling her mouth again, as she took my cock head back into her mouth. Swallowing that load, She began to giggle, while using her fingers to gather the sperm covering her smiling face.

"Can't let good protein go to waste," She said, after licking a huge gob of my come from one of her fingertips. "'Course, I think I got my daily dose of protein a dozen times over, what with all the jizz you just filled me with." Her smile spread over her face as she rubbed the skin on her face, working in the jizz that her fingers had missed into the pores. Her face, rosy-cheeked from exertion and her impromptu facial rub, looked up at mine. I leaned forward and kissed her. This kiss wasn't needy at all, her lips and tongue gently caressing mine. When we broke, I leaned back, looking down my torso at Alexis, who seemed content to kneel between my legs forever, one or both of her hands kneading my softening member.

We talked for a while, then fucked, slowly and gently. Alexis was a giving lover, needing to know her partner was enjoying themselves as much as she was. As the gentle slowness inevitably gave way to more frenzied fucking, I found myself thrusting up against her as she sat on top of me, my face perfectly situated to spend time sucking, licking, caressing, and even biting her large, firm tits.

After we finished, we spent some time just being together, her still sitting on my lap, reaching down to help herself to the cum slowly leaking from her satisfied pussy. After every swallow of my cum, she would kiss me deeply, swirling her cum-coated tongue over every bit of my mouth.

I declined her invitation to stay for the night, eating her out again to numb the disappointment she obviously felt.

As I walked out, I told Alexis about a song I'd once heard, called 'Knock three time on the ceiling if you want me', suggesting that as a way to let me know when she wanted a return match. She saw me off with a kiss, her rumpled clothes pulled into order. 

The next day, back in the 'real world', we saw each other as Alexis left for work, and she greeted me like an old friend. That night, I slipped into the Pornoverse as I saw her come into the courtyard of the building.

Ten minutes later, she knocked three times.

It's good to be friends with your neighbors, don't you think?