 Amanda had recently decided to turn her hobby, being a slut, into a profession, being a whore. Being a whore was the same as being a slut, but you got paid for having a guy pounding in your orifices.

After her recent experience with her fathers colleague, Amanda had decided to broaden her horizons and take on some new clients. But first, she had a date to keep with her first ever customer. Before she left she decided to get herself in the mood. Amanda liked to remember past conquests when she played with herself and today was no different. She lay back on her bed, her vibrator already buzzing in her hand and remembered a fond memory from school.

She and her friend, Helen had ditched class and had been heading toward the bathroom for a little girl on girl action. On the way they had been seen by the new guy in class and since Amanda had been wet imagining his dick slamming into her, decided to invite him along.

While Amanda was an equal opportunity kind of girl, Helen was more a girls girl and was reluctant to have Jason join in. But with some cajoling and my tongue in her ear, she had finally agreed. We entered the disabled stall in the bathroom and I turned and instructed Jason to sit and watch. I had wanted to be good and ready for him. I backed Helen against the side of the stall, kissing her with a gusto, rubbing myself against her and moaning, making a good show for Jason. I unbuttoned her blouse and had parted it to reveal her modest boobs. She couldn't compare to me in size, but they were firm and pert with dusky pink nipples that stood to attention as I licked and sucked them.

We were both getting into it as I'd slid my hand up under her skirt and pushed her panties to the side to feel her hairy patch. She had already been wet and let out a loud moan as I found her clit and immediately started rubbing. I had alternated flicking her throbbing button with my thumb and shunting two fingers in and out of her hole.

I had been getting really turned on myself and couldn't wait for it to be my turn, I'd moved my way back up to her mouth, using my free hand to continue playing with her tits, plucking her nipples and making her hum. The bathroom had been silent except for heavy breathing, liquid moans and the slurping sounds of really good sex. I had kissed Helen again and our tongues had dueled as she had lost herself in the sensations. Suddenly she was there and I felt the gush of liquid on my hand as she'd come in a powerful orgasm. Only my mouth on hers had stopped her from screaming. I had kept rubbing her clit as she calmed down, milking all the sensations of her climax, while I had whispered in her ear what a dirty slut she was and how she loved being taken in public.

Finally it had been my turn and I had looked to our guest to see him sitting with his back leaning against the toilet cistern with his dick in his hand. It was an impressive appendage and I hadn't been able to keep myself off it any longer. I had knelt between his legs and taken him in my mouth, deep throating him straight away. I had wanted to make him come so he would last longer when he fucked me. Thanks to the show Helen and I had already put on, it hadn't been long before he was thrusting his cock hard in my mouth and gasping my name as he had ejaculated down my throat. I had swallowed it all and drained him dry and had continued lick and sucking his dick and balls after he had finished to make sure he stayed hard.

He didn't disappoint and was soon standing proud and to attention and ready to give me the ride of my life. I had grabbed his hand and pulled him to stand in front of me as I had taken Helens place leaning against the wall of the cubicle. Jason had just stood there waiting for my direction, looking a little shy. I had lifted one of my legs and put it on the seat of the toilet, raising my skirt, showing that I had not worn any underwear. Both Jason and Helen had been able to plainly see that I had been enjoying our interlude.

I had put my hand on Jason's shoulder and started pushing down, showing him what I wanted. He had taken the hint and gone on his knees in front of me and shoved his face immediately in my crotch. Jason had been an experienced muff diver and had showed his expertise by immediately bringing me to orgasm. His tongue had flicked and sucked and rubbed at my clit while he had used two fingers to ream my ever willing hole. I had come to a shuddering climax and Helen had leaned forward to put her hand over my mouth to stop me screaming.

I had tasted that Helen had been fingering herself while Jason and I had been occupied. As I had stood there panting, Jason had stood up once more and I ordered him to fuck me. As he'd positioned himself at the entrance of my cunt I had told him graphically how I had wanted it. My back and hips were bouncing of the wall as he pounded me with a vengeance, slamming into me as I had told him to. His hands had grabbed my arse, one finger sliding close to my second opening, but not quite daring to go closer.

The sensations in my clit had been amazing as the angle he'd been at made sure that every time he pushed in, he'd rubbed me in the right places. I opened my eyes briefly to see that Helen had gone back to fingering herself furiously and the sight of her slippery fingers had been enough to send me over the edge into my second thundering orgasm. My muscles had clamped down on Jason's thrusting shaft so fiercely that he had come at the same time. 

At the thought of that day, I came again so hard that I almost lost the vibrator that I had been slamming into my hole. I was still breathing heavy as I straightened my clothes and left the house. I headed towards my fathers company to keep my promise to his business partner.

I entered the building walking past men and women dressed in corporate suits. At first glance I was dressed the same, wearing a jacket and skirt, but the jacket was skin tight with nothing underneath it and the skirt was pleated and only just covered my butt.

To avoid suspicion, I had to go and greet my father. I was using the cover story that I was coming to see his business partner to see about an internship over the summer, but to not stop in and see him would raise eyebrows. When I entered his office, there was another man sitting in the chair opposite his desk, probably a client. I checked him out as I crossed the office to her father. He was cute, so when I bent down to kiss my fathers cheek, I made sure that the guy copped an eyeful of her firm arse peeking out from under her skirt. 

When I stood up and turned, the man was grinning at me and giving me the eye. He handed me his card and shook my hand and said "Call me," under his breath. I smiled and mentally added him to my growing list of prospects.

I excused myself and crossed the main floor to knock on the door of Mr Prentice. I hadn't know what his first name was, in fact I hadn't known what his last name was until after my parents had returned from their weekend away. But that didn't matter. What mattered was I was wet, horny and looking for extra cash flow. My trip through the building had given me ideas and I was about to make them a reality.

I was told to enter and walking in the office to find it quite impressive. There was a couch and low table in one corner and a large floor to ceiling window offering a view of the city. But it was the man behind the desk that I was most caught up by. He really was a good looking guy, but the memory of him pounding me in my bedroom while my stuffed toys had looked on was really getting me going.

"Mr Prentice," I said with fake demureness. "I have come to see about getting an internship for this summer."

"Hmmm," he replied, steepling his fingers in front of his face. "Well you look presentable," he said, eyeing my deep cleavage. "But we'll have to do a few test to see if your qualified." He leaned back in his chair and turned it to the side. "I remember from our last meeting that you were quite well spoken, so I think the first test should be oral." He smiled ever sp slightly. "Why don't you remind me how good you are....orally."

I was actually salivating at the thought of getting my hands and mouth of that big dick again. I moved around the desk and knelt in front of him. I was at an angle that meant I could not be seen from the door. Part of me nearly came at the thought of someone sticking their heads in for a quick chat while I was slurping and sucking on the big bosses meat.

I wasted little time in hauling out his dick and shoving it my mouth. I moaned as I sucked then pulled back to run my tongue around the sensitive tip. Again, he didn't touch me and the only way I knew that he was enjoying this as much as me was his quickened breathing. It was a challenge and I could hardly resist trying to make him moan.

I pulled my hands into play, scooping under to cup and knead at his balls. He adjusted in his seat to give me better access, which allowed me to scrape the sensitive skin between the balls and anus with my finger nails. His reaction was to shudder violently and push me away.

"Enough! That was very good. Very, very good. But due to a lunch meeting we have to keep this short. At the moment, I think there is only one other question. Can you take dick-tation?"

I smiled up at him and slowly licked my lips which were shinny from my saliva and his pre-cum. "Why yes Mr Prentice. But only if I can lean on your desk." 

Mr Prentice moved back a bit and made a 'be my guest' gesture towards his desk. She took her time standing up before turning and leaning her forearms on the desk. Since she was wearing six inch stilettos and was quite tall anyway, this position thrust her arse out invitingly. She knew he was getting a good and close up view from where he was sitting of her naked pussy. She had not worn underwear.

She felt his hand smooth over her arse, wandering down to her hairless patch and the wetness that was collecting there. He briefly strummed her clit, making her moan again, but the must have realized she was as ready as he was because without further ado, he stood up in one smooth motion and slammed his thick meat into her.

Amanda had to cover her mouth with her own hand to stifle the shriek of pleasure that came out of her mouth. He was pounding ruthlessly into her, pushing her hips into the sharp edging of the desk over and over as she was reamed. And she loved it. She could feel her orgasm building already and widened her stance so that she could take more.

"God yes," she moaned. "Shove it in me. Harder! Fuck yes, that's it. God your so fucking good, I'm going to cum. I'm going to cream all over you and you're going to smell like my pussy for the rest of the day. Ugh, yes that's it. Fuck me. FUCK ME!"

Her dirty talking egged him on until he was fucking her with blinding speed, thrusting in and out with such intensity that she knew she was going to have bruises. His hands and fingers dug in tightly where they clenched her hips and she started pounding back at him, chasing that peak. She was just about there.

She was chanting now, almost incoherent, fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck, so close, so very close. She felt one of his hands move to her clit stroking, gliding in the juices that were poring in torrents from her gaping cunt, where he was fucking her senseless. It pushed her higher, but it wasn't quite enough. His harsh breathing sounded behind her and she could hear an undertone of grunting, he was coming close to.

"More," she mumbled, writhing against him, "need something more, please." She was gasping, desperate to come, the sensations of the cock pounding, thrusting, reaming her, were nearly unbearable. Then he bought his finger up, the one he had used to tease her clit. The one that was covered in her juices. And he rammed it straight into her arse.

Her back arched convulsively as she came hard, right there, bucking back against him as hard as she could, sobbing as she clenched hard around his dick. He grabbed her hair and yanked her head back viciously as he leaned into her neck and unloaded waive after waive into her cunt. He ground his hips into her, pushing her into the desk until the pleasure / pain gave her another small but intense orgasm. He grunted long and low against her neck and she felt him bighting her shoulder through her jacket.

They stayed like that for a minute or two, catching their breaths, until he pulled out of her over sensitized hole, slowly, and sat back in the chair. She stayed where she was for a moment, head hanging low, giving him a look at her pussy, still gaping from his dick, dripping with his and her cum. Slowly she straitened and turned, the movement sending more cum pouring down her thighs.

She ran a finger through the moisture and with her eyes locked on his, sucked that finger into her mouth, moaning through her nose at the salty taste.

She dropped to her knees and tongued him clean. When she was finally satisfied she grabbed some tissues from her purse and put one foot on the table, showing him everything as she mopped up the excess jis.

"So," she asked?

"You start on Monday."