 "FINE! DON'T EVER MOVE HERE THEN!" I yelled into my cell phone as I hung up on my boyfriend and chucked my mobile onto my bed. We had just had another fight about when he was going to move to Southern California. This had been a topic of ongoing discussion for a long time now, and this was the third time he'd deliberately didn't take an open job in his company's Los Angeles-area office. I had grown weary of the whole long distance relationship thing and I got mad at him. He, of course, got defensive, accused me of not supporting his career, and things got worse from there until I hung up on him. 

Right then, my close friend Jen rang the doorbell. Jen is a bit of a knockout: she's 5'7, medium-framed but slim and super athletically-built, with shoulder-length blonde hair and blue eyes. Even though I was really upset, seeing Jen, and the package she had in a bag, brightened my mood instantly. Jen is an aspiring clothing designer, and she had brought the dress that she had been designing for me. I saw the design for the dress last week, and was instantly in love. Jen loves to use her friends, especially me, as models, and considering she makes such great clothes, we are always more than happy to oblige. Jen was wearing her own designs: an inky blue denim miniskirt that was frayed on the bottom and buttoned along the side that that outlined her perfectly tight butt, and a blaze red satin tank top with a daisy jacquard print that hung just perfectly on her taut physique, showed off a bit of her stomach, and made the most of her smallish boobs.

Noticing that I was upset, Jen instantly asked "What's wrong?" when I opened the door. 

"Oh, just Wes. He turned down another transfer to the L.A. office. I'm just so pissed off." Stopping myself from venting even more and before Jen could tell me that I should just give him an ultimatum to move here or we're through (like she always does), I quickly asked, "is that it?" pointing at the bag. 

"Um, uh, yes!" Jen was a bit caught off guard by my sudden change of subject, but the pride she has in her designs is so obvious that she couldn't help but show it. She pulled the dress out, and I temporarily forgot how mad I was a few moments ago. I grabbed it from her and ran to the bathroom to put it on. Only when I got into the bathroom naked and hear Jen's laughter ring from the hallway did I realize that I was in such a rush to put this piece on that I had stripped off my bathrobe in the hallway. 

Whatever, I didn't care. The dress was amazing. Jen doesn't make clothes to fit just people built like her: she makes them to fit whomever is going to wear them. I have quite a different body from Jen: I'm 5'1, small-framed, and am about 95 lbs. Like Jen, though, I'm in quit good shape, and have a healthy all-over tan. Three parts of me are definitely not small, though. My hair, which is normally brown but was dyed red at this time, comes to about the small of my back. I've been described as "doe eyed,"with my big brown eyes. And then there's perhaps my most obvious, attention-getting physical attribute: my god-given pert 34dd boobs. On someone as petite as me, these definitely stand out. While I may have been self conscious about them when I was younger, I have really come to accept them and love them for the attention they bring. And, they're a lot of fun to play with, so the good outweighs the bad, like not being able to find clothes that fit all the time and them being in the way sometimes.

As I was putting the dress on, Jen said through the bathroom door, "I didn't have time to properly sew up the buttons, so be careful with them, don't put any extra pressure on them than you have to!" I did as she told since I didn't want to ruin such a great piece.

And it was a great piece; Jen really outdid herself. The summer dress was a baby blue spaghetti-strap tank dress with contrasting pink trim on the straps, hem line, buttons, and stitching. It was made of this super light, thin, and stretchy athletic material, and buttoned up in the back, but the skirt was a little looser and flared out a bit. The cloth clung to my every curve, draping perfectly over my boobs and tight little butt and hips. It barely felt like I was wearing anything at all. It showed quite a good bit of cleavage - Jen knows that I like to show the girls off a bit, and the skirt ended just three inches or so below my butt. It was perfect in every way, was all I could think as I looked at myself in the mirror. I opened the door to let Jen see her handiwork. She gave me an appraising eye and asked, "So . . . what do you think?"

"I LOVE IT!" I squealed, hugging Jen, smushing my boobs against her. As I let go of her, I noticed that the dress had clung a bit to Jen's shirt, pulling the fabric away from my boobs, and exposing them momentarily, until the dress snapped back to place. 

Noticing it, Jen said, "Sorry, a bit of static cling. It'll go away after you wash it, but I'm going to need it back after you wear it today because I didn't have time to properly stitch the buttons on. They're liable to fall off if there's too much stress on the stitching, and, well, these," she goosed my boobs a bit, making me giggle, "put probably as much stress on the buttons as they can handle!"

Smirking and looking down, I commented, "Well, I guess I can't wear a bra, but whatever, it's hot today, and I wasn't planning on wearing one anyway." I don't really like wearing them, and, like I said, I rather enjoy the attention they get. I looked at the clock in the bathroom. "Damn! We're already a half hour late for Brandon's party! Let me put on some panties at least, and let's go!"

"Are you sure you want to wear that dress to the party?" Jen asked, as I went to my bedroom and rummaged through my underwear drawer.

"Of course!" I said, as I fished out a thin black sheer thong, and put it on under the slinky minidress. "It's such a great dress!" Jen was quite pleased at this, and we gossiped about the fashion business and other stuff as Jen drove us over to Brandon's house.

Brandon, who's Jen's boyfriend, has a really nice place, with a generous patio and an impeccably-decorated interior (well, Jen decorated it, so of course it was good). Every month since he moved into his place, Brandon and his roommate Jackson held barbecue parties. Brandon and Jackson started the tradition because Jackson, who was raised in Austin, Texas before he moved to California in the 8th grade, couldn't find any authentic Texas barbecue in SoCal, so he decided to make his own. We arrived at the party at about 1 in the afternoon, and it was in full swing: I could tell by the number of shoes that were left at the front door. As I walked in, all eyes turned towards Jen and me. Well, mostly me. As hot as Jen is (and she is absurdly hot), I can't help the fact that my boobs are eye magnets. Plus, my nipples were very apparent through the dress's fabric, and that my breasts were jiggling a lot with every step because the dress's thin fabric was not really up to the task. It's a good thing the dress was as formfitting and clingy as it was, because I was threatening to pop out with every step as it was; if it was any loser, I definitely would have. 

Jen spotted Brandon on the patio, and made a beeline for him, while I made my rounds inside, saying hi to everyone there. There were about 14 people in the house, and I guessed another 8 or so on the patio, and I know pretty much all of them, so it took me a while to get around. Every time someone hugged me, the same static cling thing happened, pulling the thin dress off of me, giving the person I was hugging a good momentary view of my breasts if they looked down quick enough. Plenty of people, of course, did get that view. Not that I minded, of course.

I finally made it to the patio to make my rounds there and to get some of that Texas barbecue. Jackson spotted me before I could get to the food, and called out to me in that cute subtle Austin drawl of his, "My, my, my, look who's here!" I have to admit, every time I saw Jackson, I always got a little turned on. I hadn't ever slept with him, though. Jackson (and Brandon, too) were my boyfriend's old college friends. Well, saying Jackson and Wes are "friends" would be exaggerating. They were both on their university's soccer team on scholarships, but they played the same position - center midfielder. They had also gone through high school on rival club teams, so they played directly against each other for years before playing together in college. They made an effective center field duo, since they knew each other's playing styles and tendencies, but they were never close. Sure, while they were friendly enough, they were always really competitive and there seemed to be a certain tension whenever they were around each other (they are both super-close to Brandon, though, who was a defender on the team). Wes and Jackson are both pretty much built the same, too: both are about average height (Jackson is 5'9, my boyfriend's an inch taller), both are built like your typical soccer player - super athletic, beautifully tanned, and gorgeous - and both have short brown hair, and brown eyes. In fact, they looked so much alike, that their coach actually occasionally had trouble telling them apart on the field. I of course always was attracted to Jackson, but I'd never been so turned on by the sight of him as I was now.

Jackson scooped me up in a big hug, lifting my bodily off the ground, which happens often enough, since I'm so petite. As he set me down and let go, though, my dress not only pulled off my chest, but rather than snapping back within a second or so, Jackson's shirt wouldn't let go, and my boobs were out in the open for several seconds before the dress finally returned to normal. "Damn, Kylie! If I knew you were going to do a show . . .!" I grinned, raised my eyebrows a little, and bit my lip at Jackson's reaction, feeling even more turned on. 

"Show?" Brandon said, coming up behind me. Jen interjected before Jackson could say, quickly explaining the static cling problem. Brandon laughed and handed Jen and me mojitos, "Here you go, girls." 

I took one, cheered Jen, Brandon, and Jackson, and took a sip. "Mmm, great job, Brandon!" I said. It was one of the best mojito I'd ever had, made with fresh mint and some really good rum. While I don't like to drink much, I really don't like sweet "girly" drinks because I don't like anything that's really sugary. The mojito was super smooth without being sweet, had a nice caramel flavor, and exploded with fresh mint. 

"Thank Jackson; he brought this, what was it called? Oh yeah, orange mint from his mom's house. That's making all the difference. Well, that, and the Pyrat Blanco . . ." I sort of zoned out on what Brandon was saying, because I was eying Jackson, and I could see him glancing at me behind his black Oakleys. I always found him to be one of the hotter guys in our circle of friends, partly because he reminded me so much of my boyfriend, I guess. He was looking really good today, a bit more tanned than usual, wearing a green button down shirt, and long black shorts. 

"So, Kylie, when's Wes moving back?" Jackson asked, breaking into Brandon's monologue about the mojito. 

I rolled my eyes, sighed with exasperation, and shrugged my shoulders, making my boobs bounce again. "Who knows," I said with a grimace. I downed the rest of the drink to keep myself from venting about it, making the other three raise their eyebrows at how fast I drank it. 

"Damn, Ky, I've never seen you drink something that fast!" Jackson exclaimed.

"Hey, when they're that good . . ." I responded with a laugh. "Could you make me another Jackie?" I asked sweetly, using the nickname that I knew he hated because that's what his mom always called him.

Jackson mock-sneered a bit, and shook his head at that nickname. He took my cup, and went to the bar to make me another mojito.

I really couldn't take my eyes of Jackson as he walked away. I realized just how hot it was; it must have been about 90 degrees, and I began to sweat, despite the fact that my dress was so light and thin. I trailed after Jackson to keep the conversation going, and I caught up to him as he started making my drink. "You picked one hot day to have a party, Jackie."

He gave me the evil eye, but stifled a laugh at the same time. "Hey, if if you're so hot, maybe you shouldn't be wearing so much clothes," he replied, winking at me. "I mean, those look like they're pretty desperate to get free."

I looked down, noticed that my right dress strap had fallen off my shoulder, and laughed at that. I was used to guys saying stuff like that - I have a great body, what can I say? - and I knew that Jackson always had his eyes on me whenever we hung out together. Getting in a bit of a playful mood and starting to get wet, I took an ice cube out of an ice bucket in front of me, and started to suck on it, looking straight at Jackson, as he muddled the mint, and then traced it down my neck to my chest. I could see the animal lust building in him just as it was building in me, as his eyes followed the ice cube wherever it went. "I think that mint is pretty well muddled, Jackie."

I broke his concentration, and he laughed a bit while he regained his composure. I continued to play with the ice cube for his viewing pleasure as he finished making the drink, making sure to run it along my nipples to get them good and hard. I could see Jackson trying very, very hard to control himself as he watched my every move, getting more and more turned on. After he made my drink, he pulled out some shot glass, and poured four shots of some dark rum, and asked me to help him carry them over to Brandon and Jen. Rather than take a couple from his side of the bar, he came around to stand behind me, and pushed his crotch against my ass, letting me feel that his cock was rock hard under his shorts. He reached around me, to grab three of the shot glasses - two in one hand - and gave me my drink and another shot glass, all the while with his cock against my ass. I grinded my ass back against his cock to show my appreciation, and gave him a sly smile as he looked down at me. I was 

We got back to the couple. Before Jackson could say anything, I asked, "Body shots, anyone?" as I put my mojito down on a table.

Jackson grinned, surprised, but Brandon stupidly answered, "But isn't that only for tequila? And where's the salt and lime?" 

"Not like that, dummy, like this." I retorted. I took my shot glass and put it between my boobs, and held them tight. "Jen, you want to demonstrate for the boys?"

Jen caught my eye, and instantly understood what I was playing at. "Sure!" She handed her drink to Brandon, bent over, stuck her head in my cleavage, and sucked out the rum in the shot glass. Jen's face had pushed my dress even further down, and now the top of my aureolas were now showing. I took out the empty glass, handed it off to Jen,and took another from Jackson, putting it back between my boobs. I motioned for him to do the same. He was hesitant at first, uncertain since his girlfriend was right there, until Jen pushed him forward. He then greedily sucked at my cleavage until all the rum was gone again. Again, my dress edged down and my left dress strap fell off my shoulder. 

Next was Jackson's turn. "Come on big boy," I teased, taking the second to last shot from Jackson and putting a fresh glass between my oversize boobs. Jackson was grinning devilshly as he put the last shot glass down, and the sheer sight of that grin made me almost jump on him right then and there. Rather than lean over to drink the spoiled sugar cane juice, he pressed his body against mine, letting me feel how rock hard his cock was again. It was all I could do to restrain myself. He looked down at me, still grinning, which made me all squirmy inside, and again bodily picked me up, bringing my chest and the glass to his lips before burying his head in my tits. He sucked the rum, and then made sure to lick the tops of my boobs. When he finally put me down, he set me down with such a bounce, I was sure my boobs were going to pop out, but the clingy dress just barely managed to stay on.

It took me a second to regain my composure, and I could tell that my face was getting flushed. "Guess it's my turn, huh?" I asked rhetorically. I picked up the last glass, and gave Jackson back a devilish grin of my own. I then placed the shot glass in his waistband, and then bent over, using Jackson for support. I put my right hand on his left hip, and grabbed his cock through his shorts with my left, stroking up on it until my hand reached the shot glass. I tried to suck out the rum, but being somewhat tipsy, I didn't quite manage it, instead spilling the rum down Jackson's shorts. 

"Oh my god, I'm so sorry!" I gasped, and jerked upright. I stood up straight too quickly, though, because my boobs came out from the dress! There I was, in the front of the entire party with my boobs out! I managed to stuff them back in after a few seconds, feeling extremely flushed both because I was a bit embarrassed and because I was so horny. "Uh, Jackson, we better get you cleaned up!" I finally managed.

"Yes, we should . . ." He motioned to go inside, and I followed him to his bedroom. I shut the door behind us, and couldn't restrain myself any longer. As he turned around, I jumped up on him, wrapping my arms around his neck and my legs around his weight. He showed no restraint, either, greedily kissing and groping me. "Oh god, I've wanted this for so long," we said simultaneously as we gasped for breath, making us giggle a bit. Jackson pinned me against the wall while he kissed my neck, and pulled down my dress again. I used the opportunity to claw at his shorts, unbuttoning them and shoving the zipper down. I pushed his shorts and boxers down with my feet, making them fall to his ankles. Jackson stepped out of them, wheeled us around, and tossed me bodily onto the bed, leaving me sprawled. He stripped his shirt off, letting me have a good look at his naked, toned and lean body. I could see the animal in his eyes, and I finally got a good look at his cock. My, my, it was beautiful. A long, meaty shaft, must be about 8 inches long, that curved up slightly. Jackson was a bit vain, and he shaved his entire body down, so his pubic hair was nice and short. He was so horny that he could only grunt as he reached to my panties, and yanked them off, giving Jackie a good look at my waxed pussy. I could see that I was so wet that my panties were soaked through. I let out a little squeal of delight as he pulled on my dress, stretching it, and then pulling it clean off. Jackie jumped on the bed and attacked my boobs, sucking on the nipples, and squeezing and playing with them. "God, these tits . . . ." was all Jackson could say. I couldn't do anything but moan; I was just enjoying Jackson's touch and tongue and grope too much. 

After what felt like a lifetime of pleasure, I pushed Jackie back so that he lied back on the bed, and I got between his legs. I started low, licking his taint, which made Jackson give a low moan. I made my way up to his sac, where I lingered for a bit, sucking on it, rolling his balls in my mouth. I could feel Jackie twitching, barely able to contain himself. I then started to work on that magnificent cock of his. I licked the shaft up and down, laying thick stripes of spit all over it, before I swirled the tip with my tongue. Little by little, I took more of it in on each stroke, jerking him all the while, as I looked up at him. Jackie looked like he could hardly believe himself, and could any say things like, "Oh baby, yes," "Kylie, oh yes, that's it, right there," "Oh fuck . . . " and my favorite, "Yes, you little slut, just like that . . ." When I finally took his entire length in, deepthroating him, Jackson managed, "OH FUCK, KYLIE!! God, you're such an amazing little cock sucker!" I kept at it, alternating between deepthroating him and smaller shallower sucks, until I felt his balls twitch, like he was about to explode. Jackson pushed me off. "Not yet, sugar," He said as he sat up and pushed me back onto my back. 
