 Author's note: Obviously, this specific scenario hasn't happened, because it's not Thanksgiving yet. But, all of the events depicted in the story have happened between me and my boyfriend at some point in real life. Yes, everything. This was originally written for him, which is why it contains a few inside jokes, but I figured I'd submit it and see what others thought too. The names are pseudonyms, but as I said, everything else is real. Enjoy!

*

Will and Liz had been dating almost half a year by the time Thanksgiving break came around. Liz had turned 18 just short of a month before, and naturally Will was excited. Just as she had promised him, they had sex all through the weekend of her birthday when he visited her at school. It was the most amazing thing both of them had ever experienced, but since that time, Will had been craving Liz's no longer virgin pussy. By the time Thanksgiving weekend rolled along, their animal instincts had them ready to pounce on each other the first chance they got.

The couple planned to spend the day after Thanksgiving together, which of course consisted of spending time with their families together. Will drove to Liz's house, and she greeted him at the door with a close hug and longing kiss. He used the opportunity to place his hands on her butt and give a gentle squeeze. She squealed softly, and he could see in her eyes that she was already getting turned on.

"Plenty more where that came from," he said as they broke their embrace.

"Can't wait. But you best hide that boner unless you want an awkward lunch." She giggled as he rearranged himself and followed her to the kitchen. As she walked up the stairs in front of him, he could barely keep his eyes off her firm, round ass barely hidden by a skirt that looked even shorter than it was due to her long legs. She was always very modest about her beauty, whereas he was quick to point out just how gorgeous she really was. From her pert 36C breasts to her toned legs topped off by a shapely ass, Liz had a figure most guys would love to get a piece of. Trying to recollect clean thoughts, Will turned his attention to her long dirty blonde hair that cascaded down her back to reach her hips. Her hips right above that fine ass of hers, he thought.

Somehow getting his mind out of the gutter, Will greeted his girlfriend's parents, and they talked some before they sat down for a small lunch. Their eyes locked across the table, and both could tell what the other was thinking. Her blue-grey eyes shone and her pupils dilated. A devilish smile came across her face when she saw his deep brown eyes watching her with a mixture of love and lust.

Though they barely took their eyes off of each other, Liz and Will occasionally contributed to topics of discussion. Liz's parents stayed with the typical, basic college-student-home-for-break conversation anyway.

"So, how's school Will?"

"Oh, things are alright. Classes are decent, as are professors. The people are pretty nice. I could see a few becoming friends."

"That's nice. Liz is doing quite well and has a lot of friends already, it seems? Don't you Liz?"

"Yeah, more or less, I s'pose."

Her parents smiled at this, as if bragging about the accomplishments of their daughter. Liz just rolled her eyes at their silent praise and gave Will a bored look. This reaction from her only inspired her dad to direct more questions towards Will.

"So, have you decided a major yet?"

"I think so sir. At this point I'm considering histohhh, god."

"Excuse me?"

"I'm sorry. I think I'm getting a headache," replied Will as he gave his girlfriend a look. She looked back at him innocently pretending that she hadn't reached her foot under the table to brush along Will's inner thigh. "I'm considering history as a major sir."

"Well, at least it's something."

Will could barely process the somewhat snide remark, because Liz had moved her foot over his crotch and was giving him a look that screamed "take me now". The poor guy was visibly suffering through the torture he was enduring, but kept it hidden, attributing strange behavior to the developing headache he complained of.

Finally, the table was being cleared, and Will did all that he could to hide the erection in his jeans. Unfortunately for him, the couple had made plans with some friends, and had to meet with them in less than half an hour. He thanked Liz's parents for lunch, and the teenagers went out to his car after a brief goodbye.

Once in the car and out of sight of anyone in the house, Will practically tackled Liz down to her seat and started kissing her ravenously.

"You are such a fucking cocktease!"

Liz had no chance to respond before his lips were pressed tightly against hers again. He moved one of his hands under her skirt and started rubbing her through her panties. She moved her hand through his messy dark brown hair and held him closer to her. His ferocity slowed gradually to end in a gentle kiss. He glanced at the clock and did a double take seeing the time.

"Holy Shit! We're gonna be late!"

Will started the car up and sped as much as he could on the suburban streets. Liz took the opportunity to get her hand on his crotch and massage his semi-hard cock through his pants. He let out a deep groan and took advantage of having an automatic car to once again get his hand under her skirt. Liz took this as competition, unzipped his pants, and let his manhood escape from the confines of his boxers. She moved her hand along its length watching with awe as it hardened. Will took the hint of her hips grinding onto his hand and moved his fingers inside her panties, feeling how damp her pussy had become. His eyes lit up when he realized she was completely shaven.

"All these juices and a nice smooth pussy for me?"

"Mmmhmmm..." was the only response she could give him.

He kept feeling her with his right hand and slipped two fingers inside her warm slit. She moaned loudly and he smiled victoriously, refocusing all his attention back to the road. Will gasped suddenly as he felt something wet envelop his cock. He looked down to see Liz's head in his lap, and he mouth around his cock.

"Liz! It's still light out! What if a cop comes...ohhhh...what if, if a cop sees what we're doing?"

She only shrugged her shoulders and let her mouth keep sucking, moving a hand around the bottom of the shaft as well.

"Shit...your mouth feels amazing on my dick. I've missed this so much since your birthday. Fuck the cops. We'll give them a nice show if we do get caught. Mmmm, keep going baby."

She kept it up until they got to the street next to the one they were heading to. She whined, but helped Will get himself put away, realizing they both needed to calm down a bit before they got to their friend's house.

They finally relaxed as much as they could to enter the house. Seeing all their friends was great, but they both just yearned for sex. Even watching the movie, they sat together on the couch and copped a feel at each other as often as they could. Finally their torture ended, and they were going to have some fun in the car on the drive back to his house for dinner, but they ended up having to give someone else a ride home. Of course, they agreed to, though reluctantly.

Eventually, they sat down to dinner at Will's house with his parents and younger sister across the table from them. They both remained tame as his mom served the food and everyone started eating. This didn't last long as Liz's hand moved up Will's leg to tease him. He did his best to keep a straight face, but almost lost it when she gently squeezed his cock. He tried to retaliate, but she kept her legs crossed under the table, making it impossible for him to be discrete about fingering her or feeling any other part of her body.

Dinner dragged on, especially for Will who was getting a raging hard on that seemed to grow more every second. He lost his patience and asked to be excused to go to the bathroom. As he left, Liz looked at his and clearly mouthed "No jerking off."

Will spent a few minutes in the bathroom, and resisted the temptation to stroke his rock hard cock. He instead threw some cold water on his face and tried to concentrate on anything to bring down the tent in his pants, but his mind kept drifting back to thoughts of his beautiful girlfriend lying on the bed moaning while he thrust inside her.

"Get it out of your head man. It'll all be worth it later on," he told himself.

He returned to the table more relaxed, and continued a normal conversation with his girl and his family. The swelling of his member had gone down, but almost instantly sprang back to life when Liz wrinkled her nose in the most adorable way that she always did. He couldn't begin to fathom why this turned him on, but he knew that if he didn't get what he needed soon enough, he might just die.

After some casual post-dinner conversation, Will told his parents that they were going to a movie and probably wouldn't be back until a while after midnight.

Will's mom pulled him aside and embarrassed him by speaking a little too loudly.

"Remember, no parking...I'd rather not have other people seeing you two making out. And don't do anything stupid. I don't want my grandchildren conceived in the back of your car."

"I know mom. You have nothing to worry about. Honestly!"

"Oh Will, I know. I just want to be careful. Bye honey!"

Will avoided Liz's eyes as they left his house, knowing that she'd been stifling a giggle through that whole conversation. She burst out laughing once they reached a safe enough distance from the house.

"Careful, huh? Way to lie to your mom Will."

"You want me to tell her how I'm gonna be fucking your brains out tonight? I'm sure that'd go over really well."

"Oh, you are, are you?"

"Mmmmmm...yesssss!"

"Well then, I think someone's horny."

"How could I not be after the way you tortured me at the dinner table? God, I can't wait to get inside that hot pussy of yours!"

"Just a little longer baby. Just a little longer..."

They rushed inside the car and Will drove away from his house and towards Liz's. He tried to feel her up a bit with his free hand, but she slapped him away.

"Not until we get to my house. Just think of it all nice and empty..."

"Ohhh..."

"Mmhmm...just wait 'til we get to my room Will. On my bed -- together....fucking..."

"Liz...I can't take it anymore...I need your pussy now!"

"Just keep driving. We'll be there soon enough."

He stepped on the gas pedal and drove as fast as he could to still get to her house in one piece. He knew he had some valuable cargo in the car to take care of. They parked in her driveway and Will leaned over and kissed Liz aggressively. He grabbed the hair right above her neck and pulled her closer to him.

"I thought you'd wanna get inside and get my clothes off. But, ya know, if you just wanna stay in the car and make out...fully clothed..."

Will jumped at her words and swung his door open practically strangling himself forgetting to take off his seat belt and still trying to jump out of the car. He ran to the door and was squirming out of his skin in anticipation while she fumbled for her keys being purposely slow.

"Calm yourself. Down boy!"

"Jeez Liz, hurry. I'm gonna die if I can't get at you soon!"

She got the key in the lock and turned it slowly seeing how much longer he could take the torture she was putting him through. She laughed to herself watching him writhe in agony knowing very well just how cruel she was being.

Once she unlocked the door, Will tackled Liz, kissing her even more ferociously than anytime earlier that day. He pushed her up against the nearest wall forcing his tongue into her mouth, and causing her to moan with pleasure. They somehow ascended the first set of stairs with their lips still locked and their hands underneath each other's shirts. Liz let her jacket fall to the ground to allow Will easier access, and then stripped him of his outer layer of clothing. She felt his thin yet muscular arms as he held her firmly against the wall and pulled at his shirt silently begging him to remove it.

Breaking the kiss, he smiled at her and lifted his shirt over his head and threw it over the side of the staircase, revealing his slim, toned body. Liz ran her fingers along his flat stomach from his chest and ended with them on his happy trail, which she knew led to the real treat. She kissed him gently and moved her hand to his chin, lightly scratching his goatee.

"You look so damn sexy without a shirt on."

"I'll bet you look even sexier. Now let's see what bra you've got on today."

Will used the opportunity to take her top off to show off the magnificent breasts it was hiding beneath it. Liz stood in front of him in her denim skirt and a dark purple bra with black accents that was lacy, but not lacy enough to really make it truly girly. It was the sexiest thing he's ever seen on her. There was only the slightest bit of padding, because at that size, they hardly needed anything extra.

"You like?" she asked as she saw him staring.

"Very much. Can't wait to get my hand on those tits and..."

He was interrupted by her mouth covering his for another long kiss. He pulled her up a few more stairs with him, probing her mouth with his tongue. As they climbed the second staircase, Liz reached down and undid Will's belt. She continued to remove his pants by unbuttoning and unzipping the fly, all without looking down once. After they had reached the top of the steps, and the floor where Liz's room was, he let his jeans fall to the ground and stepped out of them remaining only in his boxers, and moving in the direction of her room with her is his arms. Just as they got to the doorway, he had managed to get the skirt off, and that too was left on the floor.

They stepped inside her room, and he looked her over once more. She had on the amazing bra with a pair of black panties that were somewhat skimpy, but still left plenty to the imagination. She took his hand and pulled him over to the bed.

"Mmm...turn around baby. I want a full 360 of that body of yours in that underwear."

Liz turned away from him at his request, and as she was facing away from him, he grabbed her wrists and pushed her upper body down on the bed. Holding her arms above her head with one hand, he moved his hand down her back and to her firm ass with the other. He saw then that the back of the panties, though not a thong, offered little coverage, and the round bottom of her ass was exposed to him.

"You naughty girl, wearing that bra and panties wanting me to see them. That's the only reason you wore them, isn't it? Trying to get me turned on. Well, it worked, and you deserve some punishment for being such a bad girl."

He raised his free hand off her body, and let it come down again of her half-naked ass. Rubbing the spot he had just smacked, he saw a nice red mark forming and heard Liz gasp. He spanked her again, only this time harder, and delighted in her moan as he watched her ass jiggle from the impact.

"You like that, don't you? What do you want me to do?"

"I want you to give me a good hard spanking for being such a naughty girl!"

"Naughty, eh?" he asked letting his hand come in contact with her skin once again. "How naughty?"

"Mmmm...I'm your dirty slut! I deserve this spanking."

"Yeah you do."

Will continued to slap her buttocks, listening to her cry out joyfully every time he did. Finally, when every square inch was reddened, he stopped his assault and let her stand again. She used the opportunity of her hands being freed to pull his boxers off and let his cock spring free of its cotton prison. She smiled with pride seeing how hard he was already. Grabbing it with her hand, she got on her knees in front of him and looked into his eyes.

"Lizzzz...don't do this to me! I need you so bad -- now!"

She decided not to tease him any longer and licked along the underside of his shaft getting a loud groan out of him. She held the base of his cock and took the head in her mouth, slowly engulfing it inch by inch. When she had him halfway in her mouth, he got a hand on the back of her head, forcing her to keep sucking.

"Ohh yeah Liz! Take all 8 inches in your mouth! You suck my cock so damn good!"

Knowing just how to turn him on even more, she reached under his cock and lightly massaged his balls. She savored the taste and feel of his throbbing member and heavy balls. With one inch left to go, Will released her from his grip and let her suck freely. She moved her head faster, taking most of it each time, and got more turned on by the noises he made. Almost reluctantly, she stopped before he got too close to climax.

"How about you save something for the really fun part tiger?"

"Alright, then how about I return the favor?"

She gladly got up from her knees, and seductively stripped off her underwear for him. Then she sat on her bed and waited for him to position her for easier access. He moved her legs apart and kissed along her inner thighs nearing her pussy, but never quite touching it. Instead, he kissed up her stomach, playfully licking at her bellybutton, and continuing up to her breasts. Holding her down on the bed, he licked the right breast up to the nipple and took it in his mouth. He sucked it gently getting a small reaction out of her, and then progressed to nibbling at it while roughly kneading the other with one of his hands. As her moans increased in volume, he moved his mouth to the other nipple and used his other hand on the left breast. He looked up at her, deciding to torment her a while longer with words.

"Your tits are amazing. God, I could suck on them all day long. Mmmm...that pussy looks pretty damn appetizing too though. Think I should do something about that?"

"Pleeeaaaassseee!"

"I don't know...I don't think you want it badly enough..."

"Lick my pussy Will, please! I need it so bad!"

He moved his fingers down between her legs and felt along the wetness along her opening. Slowly, he inserted a finger to see her reaction. Being pleased with it, he added two more and moved them in and out of her hole. After a while of this, he pulled them out and moved his mouth by her pussy. She squirmed as she felt his warm breath on this most sensitive part of her body. Finally, he licked along her slit and probed inside with his tongue, licking up as much as he could, pausing to move up and occasionally suck on her clit. He had to hold her down because the strong sensation from his tongue was causing her to almost trash violently underneath him.

"I think your pussy may just be wet enough now."

"Oh? What for?"

"You don't know?"

She shook her head.

"For my cock to start fucking you, of course."

He had somewhat lost his erection, but at hearing himself say these words, he instantly hardened again. He used the opportunity of him still holding her down to stand between her legs and position his cock at her opening.

"Ready baby?"

"Yessss! Please fuck my pussy! I can't take it anymore!"

He hungrily lunged at her, slamming his full length inside her. She cried out in what he though to be pain. He leaned over and kissed her gently, still inside her to make sure everything was alright.

"I'm okay Will, it's just been a while. I forgot how amazing it feels to have you filling me up."

He smiled at her and became more tender with his fucking, but soon increased in speed as they both got more used to it. Feeling the wet, hot walls of her pussy engulfing his cock was almost too much for him. He pulled out in desperation to make their sex session last longer. Liz grinned at him and motioned for him to join her on the bed. He obliged and lay down next to her. Will lovingly moved his fingers along her body hoping to keep her turned on until he had calmed down enough to make the fucking last.
