 This story is part of an ongoing series. The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 1 - Hypothetical Prologue

"I'm living in that 21st century,

Doing something mean to it,

Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it,

Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it,

I guess every superhero need his theme music,

*

No one man should have all that power,

The clock's ticking, I just count the hours,

Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power..."

------Kanye West - "Power"

Monday, February 20th. 6:00pm.

I was sitting in my office. The audio recording had been played over and over. It had been analyzed to the nth degree. Nothing except that voice. No background noises, no clues to the sender.

I was waiting for Cindy Ross and Teddy Parker to bring in Headmaster John Meadows and his beautiful wife, Claire Meadows. When I'd called them, I'd agreed to let them finish the school day, but my Officers would be waiting to transport them to Police Headquarters. I told them they needed to get lawyers, as well.

"Okay, they're here." said Captain Cindy Ross, coming into my office, ADA Paulina Patterson following her. "John Meadows is in I-B, Claire in I-A. One problem: Bernadette Gillem is her attorney, and she's also your personal attorney."

"Small world we live in." I replied, using hand gestures to have them sit down. "Paulina, this one is tricky. Here's the deal. I believe that it is very possible that John Meadows was being blackmailed by the Black Velvet killer. However, if we ask him this, he'll clam up, because it would essentially be admitting there was sexual impropriety in his school, and he'll never do that. So, what do we do?"

"Why don't you explain all that first, Commander?" Cindy 'suggested'.

"Okay." I said, realizing I'd gotten ahead of myself. "It has occurred to me that there are reasons other than randomness for the serial killer's selection of his victims. Perhaps he was blackmailing them, or more likely their family members. I need not say that we need to keep this among ourselves until we get some better data. And the first way to get the data is to ask John Meadows."

"Are you suggesting we give him immunity?" asked Paulina.

"Won't do any good." Cindy said. "If he admits to the sex scandal, even with immunity, he's irreparably and permanently harmed. His school is dead, and he'd have trouble trying to start a new one anywhere in the United States... or Canada, for that matter." I smiled... FBI Agent Les Craig's comments had really started a fire burning in my Police partner. Cindy had a little smile on her own ruggedly pretty face: she knew that I knew the intent behind her comment.

"True." I said. "But another problem is just what the blackmailer wanted. If it was just money in exchange for not exposing the sex scandal, Meadows might have paid it. Even if he pushed back and didn't pay, which is what I think would have happened, killing Lenora and Rob doesn't make sense for the blackmailer. But... if the blackmailer went to Meadows and said he'd kill someone if Meadows didn't expose his own school... ah, then we have a different and more interesting situation."

"And one where Meadows has no way out." Cindy said, catching on very quickly. "If Meadows admits there was a blackmailer, and what you say is true, then we're right back to the original problem for him." I nodded.

"There is one other thing, as well." I said. "Meadows said to Parker and Krueger that he was not familiar with the name of George Aurus. If what I believe is true, then Meadows lied to Police there, which is a felony offense in this State."

"Ouch, that's a real roadblock." Paulina said "Don, do I understand that you believe neither John nor Claire Meadows killed Lenora and Rob, nor anyone else?"

"Correct." I said. "And I don't think anyone connected with the School had a hand in the murders, either."

Paulina took out her cellphone. "As much as I hate to do it, I'm going to call D.A. Krasney. He needs to be in on anything I do with this, anyway..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Thirty minutes later, we were in the Main Conference Room. Chief Moynahan had come in as well as D.A. Gil Krasney, joining Cindy, Paulina and myself. I had briefed Bernadette Gillem and Gibson Stelling on what we were doing, and offered to let them and their clients watch television in the Pastor's Room.

"So you want Meadows to say if he was being blackmailed or not." said Krasney. "But any answer he gives might be construed as an admission of sexual impropriety at Walnut Prep, and also might show that John Meadows lied to your Officers earlier?."

"That's the essentials of it." I replied.

"Commander," said Krasney, "do you think there was sexual impropriety at the School?"

"I've recused myself from that case." I said. "So I'm not going to answer that question."

"Thanks for nothing." said Krasney. "Katherine Woodburn is hammering me about it."

"And you're not pushing back?" asked Chief Moynahan. "Are you not telling our es-teeeemed State Senator that one has to have proof in order to have a prosecution?"

"And Woodburn is saying that Commander Troy should be personally investigating and getting that proof." shot back Krasney. "I might add that she is threatening to call in the SBI to investigate."

"You can safely ignore those threats." said Cindy. "After the passage of the SBI Bill, she can't ask the SBI to get her a cup of coffee."

"But she has friends, Captain Ross." said Krasney. "And people who are scared of her."

"Like this Region's SDOJ Director?" I asked.

"As many people tell me, Commander... not much gets by you." Krasney answered, trying to be jovial about it.

"I try." I said. "Mr. Krasney, I am not worried about whether or not some teen boy was banging his teacher at Walnut Prep. I am trying to solve multiple murders, and very likely prevent future murders. I can avoid talking to Headmaster Meadows at all, but it will be a lot easier and a much better legal case if he gives me some probable cause to make further pursuits. So... is there any way you can help us to get him to talk to us?"

"Ms. Patterson," asked Krasney, "how are you on giving the Meadowses immunity?"

"I'm not keen on it, Mr. Krasney." Paulina replied. "Despite Commander Troy's assertions, we don't have enough solid pieces to totally let the guy walk away. We need to know what we're going to get."

"What about a 'hypothetical'?" asked Krasney. "Let's have him speak under hypothetical conditions."

"He may not take that." said Cindy. "He is simply not going to say anything under any conditions that might support charges against him and his School. And again, there is the lying to Police charge."

"We can try, though." said Paulina. "And give him a limited immunity for the School improprieties, real or imagined, if his hypothetical story gets juicy."

"And I'll give him straight-up immunity for lying to Police about not knowing Aurus's name," said Krasney, "as long as he gives truthful answers about Aurus from now on."

"Let's give it a shot." said Chief Moynahan.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Captain Cindy Ross and District Attorney Gil Krasney stepped into Interrogation-B from the anteroom, where the Chief, Paulina and myself were watching. Krasney had just finished a conversation with Gibson Stelling, who had then talked to his client.

"You've been briefed that you have been given immunity for lying to police if what you say now contradicts what you said earlier?" Krasney asked. Meadows nodded. 

"And you've been briefed that these questions are about hypothetical and not actual situations? They are legally 'off the record', and cannot be used against you. If there is something we need further cooperation upon, we'll discuss terms of an immunity agreement." continued Krasney.

"I understand." said John Meadows. "And I'll stop talking or cooperating at anytime I don't feel comfortable with the level of the questions."

"Sir," said Krasney, "is there a hypothetical situation where you were being blackmailed for real or imagined improprieties at your school?"

Meadows's eyes widened a bit. He looked at his lawyer, who just nodded to him. "There could be a hypothetical situation," he replied, "where someone hypothetically named George Aurus did threaten to harm my school's reputation."

"What did he want from you, hypothetically?" asked Krasney.

"He hypothetically might have said that if I did not admit to hypothetical allegations against my school," said Meadows, "that he had the power to expose my school and would do so by means that would be very painful to me, but more painful to members of my staff and my students."

"And what would your hypothetical reaction to that be?" asked Krasney.

"I would hypothetically have told George Aurus to go to hell and burn there for all eternity." said Meadows.

"Did he explicitly threaten murder?" asked Krasney. "Hypothetically, of course?"

"No." said Meadows. "There's nothing more. So let's stop the games."

I knocked on the one-way glass. I had all I needed.

Part 2 - Sexual Power

The sun had set, and several FBI agents were at a place called 'The Place', which was a dance club and bar, with emphasis on the bar during the week. Despite it being Monday, the place was relatively crowded with college students, millennials, and young professionals.

Many of the FBI Agents had gone to The Place, needing to relax after a very tense day. They were at a couple of tables. Les Craig had offered to buy Sandra Speer a drink, and now she and he were having a conversation at one table. Lindy Linares had sat there, as well, to possibly move in and cockblock Les if Sandra needed some help. Jack Muscone, Dana Fox, and Julius Jefferson were at another table... along with Martin Nash.

Then, as Les and Sandra got up and went to the dance floor, Lindy came over and sat with Martin.

"Everything okay?" said Lindy. "Need me to put a wedge between those two?"

"Thanks, but it's okay." said Martin. "We're not dating anymore. And if he is who she wants to hang out... power to her."

 "Pisses me off, though." said Jack Muscone, who was sitting next to them and able to hear them. "That jerk has really been getting in everyone's faces. Not sure what his motives are."

"Power trip?" asked Lindy.

"If the Iron Crowbar were here," said Martin Nash, he'd say there was more of purpose in Craig's actions. And he'd be right."

"I did notice the Iron Crowbar and the Green Crowbar were the only two people completely unafraid of Craig." said Nash. "My uncle has told me to not say or do anything, at least until Superior Bloodlines is taken out. After that..."

Sandra and Les were coming back at their table, laughing and joking. Seeing their table abandoned, they went over to the now-crowded table where their fellow Agents were, but sat at the other end from Martin and Lindy.

"Anyone want another drink?" asked Craig. "I'll buy this round." Nash and Muscone said no. Lindy, Dana, Julius, and Sandra accepted.

While he was getting drinks, Lindy went over to Sandra.

"Need me to be your cockblocker tonight?" Lindy asked... more like hinting. 

"No, it's good." Sandra said. "He's a cool guy away from the office, and he's good looking, too. So don't be my cockblocker, and it's cool if things... develop."

"O-kay." Lindy said. "But it's causing some tensions for everyone else. If you guys are going to get friendlier, get the hell out of here." Sandra nodded, becoming contemplative.

As the evening wore on, Les danced with Sandra several more times. Julius also danced with Sandra a couple of times, and she was obviously having a good time... especially with Les Craig, Lindy noted.

Dana Fox and Muscone, who had been talking quietly about professional business, excused themselves and left, heading back to the FBI offices. Julius also left. Then Les and Sandra, who had begun flirting pretty hard in front of Martin and Sandra, also left.

"Come on, Martin. Let's go to my place." Lindy said to Nash, who was looking a little forlorn. Time to show Martin that there was more than just Sandra out there. She led him by the hand out of the club...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

At home at the Mountain Nest, Carole had been running around the house, with Bowser happily following along, while Jim played with toy building blocks. Buddy had decided that sitting next to Laura and being petted by her was a good thing. I was sitting on the 'near' sofa, that faced the 'far' sofa against the wall, reading one of Dr. Bonnie Karpathian's books on serial killers.

"Darling," said Laura, "it's getting late and we need to talk about some things. Let's get the kids ready for bed, okay?"

"I DON'T WANT TO GO TO BED!" shouted Carole. Even Bowser looked at her in shock.

"Carole," said her mother, "stop shouting and help Jim put the toys away. It's bedtime."

"NO!" shouted Carole, who then sat down on the floor and crossed her little arms in a big huff. 

Daddy had had enough of this. I went and picked up my protesting daughter, and said "We're going to 'time out', right now. Ten minutes." 

"Nooo!" shouted Carole, but not quite as loudly. I took Carole to the steps leading upstairs and we sat down on them in the 'time out box'. Normally, having to sit still for that time was excruciating for my very inquisitive and active daughter.

"Carole," I said as we sat there, "when it's time for bed, you need to go to bed. You and Bowser can dream big dreams, then get up tomorrow and do new things."

"I don't want to go to bed! I want to keep playing!" Carole wailed.

About that time, Bowser (having heard his name spoken in vain) went up the stairs, then back down and wedged himself between us. Carole started petting him. I was not appreciative of my Police Dog taking the perp's side, even if she was his owner, but I did nothing.

"Seven more minutes." I said.

"That's okay, Daddy." Carole said, just a little too sweetly as she petted Bowser. "At least if I'm in time out, I'm not in bed."

She's three and a half years old, I thought to myself, and she's figuring that out already. God help me when she becomes a teenager!

I looked down to see Laura looking up at us from the foyer floor. My lovely wife was trying to keep from laughing. I just shook my head in mock resignation.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Oooh, nice place." Sandra said as Les led her into his apartment. It was in one of the City's many high-rise buildings, and the view of the City at night was breathtaking.

"I'm subleasing it." said Les. "If I get transferred to the City permanently, I'll see about buying it or one of the others in the building. Let me get us something out of the kitchen.

A moment later, as Sandra admired the view, Les came back. When she turned around, she saw him with two champagne glasses, and a magnum of the bubbly stuff.

"Ooooh, what are we celebrating?" she said, very flirtatiously.

"We have a lot to celebrate." Les said. "But mostly, how beautiful you are."

"And how handsome you are." Sandra replied, walking over to him, sashaying her hips just a bit. Les admired her lovely body, her legs and ass framed nicely in the tight dress, shaped perfectly by the high heel peep-toe pumps she was wearing. She had been advertising tonight, Les knew... and advertising not to Martin Nash, but to him.

Les popped the cork and filled the glasses. They sat down on the sofa, very close together.

"To us." Les said.

"To us." Sandra said. They clinked their glasses and drank of their champagne. Then Sandra tilted her head up and Les got the hit. He leaned over and kissed her full, luscious lips, at first gently, then a little deeper. Then he raised his head again, leaving the beautiful redhead wanting more.

"So," she said as she drank her champagne, her eyes boring into him with sexual desire, "what is your ultimate goal with the FBI? The Director's chair?"

"Mmm, maybe." said Craig. "Or something else in Washington."

"That's where the power is." Sandra said. "Is that what you want, Les? Power?"

"Right now," said Les, "I just want to be right here, with a beautiful redhead in my arms." He took her glass and put it and his own on the table, then turned to make his wish come true. Sandra willingly snuggled into him, and when he pressed his mouth to hers, she eagerly allowed his tongue to slide over hers and explore her mouth. And she did not stop him as his hand slid up the side of her thigh to her luscious asscheek...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Well, that was a disaster." I said as Laura and I crawled into bed and snuggled up together. "And I don't want to ever say 'Because I said so.', like Mom said to me and Elizabeth, but boy! is the temptation something awful!" Laura laughed.

"You have a very smart daughter, my darling." my wife said.

"I think your genes made a major contribution to her brilliance, also." I said. Laura just chuckled again. "So, what did you want to talk about?"

"I've been doing some research in my capacity as a CIA consultant." Laura said. "On this serial killer case as an exercise in psychology, but also on this situation of a possible mole or traitor, or perhaps a bad cell in the CIA."

"Find anything?" I asked.

"Not yet." Laura said. "I'm working with the FBI on it, and the CIA Director and his people are working with us. Very cooperative, I must say, and not like olden times. I think the White House is worried about this one."

"They should be." I said. "As bad as Corrigan was, I think what we're dealing with now might be worse. Would you think your husband was crazy if he told you he thinks Superior Bloodlines is a powerful group, dedicated to white supremacy... but what these bad cats are up to is far, far worse?"

"I've long since learned that when you seem crazy," Laura said, "there is tremendous method to that madness. So how much worse is 'worse'?"

"I think..." I said, "... that whoever is behind this is intent on making a power grab... of a level that might spell danger to the U.S. Government itself."

"That's why I think Washington is taking this seriously." Laura said. "They've come to the same conclusion you have. The problem is, whoever is behind this is so well connected, he'll see us coming after him. He may be worse than Westboro."

"Oh, I dunno about that." I said. "If he was, he'd have succeeded already, what with the resources he has. I'd say Westboro's death is what has allowed him to begin making his moves."

Laura's voice was getting sleepy as she said "By the way, I did find out a bit more about that Federal installation northwest of the City, over the State Line. It was a nuclear materials test facility in the 1950s. As they ended all that, they did try to do some radiological research on curing cancer, so it had hospital facilities. After that, I can't break through the veils, but I don't need to be the Iron Crowbar to surmise that with a sanitarium not too far away, they could've continued experiments. The CIA was bad about that in the Cold War era, you know."

"Geez..." I whispered. "But I appreciate you finding out and telling me." I then realized that I was in a reverie, and that when I came out of it, Laura was soundly asleep.
