 His rough, calloused hand glided over my smooth exposed back, rousing me from sleep. I moaned softly and slowly opened my eyes. His fingers ran along my spine sending pleasurable shivers across my skin.

"What time is it?" I asked, trying to focus on the clock in the dim light.

"Late," he replied.

"Game run long?" 

"Mmm-hmm," he muttered, his voice muffled as his mouth moved closer to my neck. He moved in closer and I was overwhelmed with his scent. He had obviously not showered after the game. He smelled like the Yard. Grass, tobacco, leather, and just a hint of sweat. It was masculine and intoxicating, irresistible.

I felt his breath on my neck seconds before his warm, wet mouth caressed it. His soft lips dragged across my skin with slow, loving kisses. I let out a soft sigh as he opened his mouth and gently sank his teeth into the flesh of my shoulder, causing electricity to radiate through my body. I squirmed slightly and he wrapped his arm around me, pulling me closer to him. I could feel his excitement through his jeans -- hard and throbbing.

He continued his assault on my neck and shoulder while his hand left my waist and began to wander leisurely over my body. I felt myself grow wet as his hand caressed my breasts, my nipples responding immediately. I moaned as he pulled on a hard nub, making it even harder and more sensitive. My breathing became shallow and my clit began to throb, my pussy becoming wetter still.

His hand released my breast and slid down along my side, running over the swell of my hip, around the slight curve of my lower stomach. I moaned and arched my back, pressing my ass against him. He responded by grinding his pelvis into my ass, letting out a low groan as he did. His hand continued south and he stroked my thighs before running it back up to my waist. When his finger tips brushed my mound with a feather light, albeit intentional touch, I moaned again and squirmed under his grip. 

He put his hand on my shoulder and rolled me onto my back, propping himself up on his elbow beside me. I looked into his green eyes and smiled. He returned it with his own, crooked smile that I love so much. Looking at his kind eyes and loving smile, I felt a pull at my heart and had a sudden urge to tell him I loved him. 

Before I could his mouth descended on mine and all thought was gone. He pressed his lips to mine and kissed me hard, sucking and pulling at my lips with his. I moaned into his mouth and tangled my fingers in his dark, shoulder length hair. The kiss deepened as his tongue sought its way inside my mouth to wrestle with mine. I fisted my hand in his hair and tugged it gently. He moaned and grabbed my breast, squeezing it roughly. I let out a gasp as he rolled my nipple between his fingers and I arched my chest into his hand.

He broke the kiss and trailed hot, wet kisses down my neck to the hollow of my throat. His hand let go of my breast and slipped down my stomach, his touch making my skin sizzle with desire. My pussy throbbed and began to ache, needing his touch. I held my breath in anticipation as his hand got closer and closer. He pulled at my leg and I spread my legs wantonly, allowing him access. He chuckled smugly against my throat as his hand drew closer to my dripping sex.

I was almost shaking with anticipation when he paused and began to run his finger nails over the sensitive spot where my thighs met my pussy. I groaned with frustration as he seemed more than happy to stroke me there, enjoying my torment. Finally, I felt his fingers dip into my slit. His fingers slid in easily I was so wet. My hips bucked involuntarily against his hand and he chuckled again. He traced small circles over and around my clit and I could not hold back a loud moan; the feeling of his hand on my flesh exquisite after the tortuous teasing.

He continued rubbing me as I grabbed for the hard bulge in his pants. He grabbed my hand and pinned it above my head. I closed my eyes in delicious ecstasy and I cried out as he pushed two fingers into my cunt at the same time his mouth latched onto to my right nipple, sucking and flicking his tongue over it.

His fingers started a steady rhythm, rubbing me and pressing my g spot. I pushed my hips slightly against his hand, moaning his name. I felt my pussy tighten and his hand started to move faster. I began to pant and felt intense waves of pleasure wash over me. I was getting close. 

Without warning, he pulled his hand from my sex. I whimpered in protest, my cunt feeling empty without his strong fingers. I opened my eyes as he brought his hand to my mouth and offered me his slippery digits. I sucked them into my mouth, tasting myself and inhaling the sharp scent of my arousal. 

He watched me as his eyes darkened with lust, his breathing becoming shallower. As I sucked on his fingers, imitating the way I suck his cock, he pushed his erection against my thigh, trying to ease the tension. I rubbed my thigh between his legs, back and forth against him, loving the feel of his incredibly hard cock against my leg. He closed his eyes as I pushed harder against his package, feeling him throb through his jeans.

He pulled his fingers from my mouth and kissed me, his tongue swirling around mine. He pulled back and got up from the bed. He began to undress, slowly, looking at me and smiling. He peeled his plain, white t-shirt off, revealing his sleek, athletic form. My eyes trailed down his flat stomach to his jeans, slung low around his hips. I unconsciously licked my lips as I stared at the dark line of hair that extended from his bellybutton and disappeared beneath the waistband of his jeans.

He unbuttoned the fly of his jeans slowly, more and more skin exposed as each button was set free. The last button was undone and it was obvious that he was not wearing underwear. I met his eyes and he gave me a mischievous grin. My own smile dissolved into a look of awe as he pulled his jeans off and his cock sprang free. His magnificent cock. God it was beautiful. Average in length, but deliciously thick and heavy. My immediate thoughts turned dirty as I imagined sucking him into my mouth. My eyes did not move from his crotch. I could see it pulsing and watched as small drops of precum dripped from the head. I swallowed hard and licked my lips again.

He moved back toward the bed and still my eyes did not leave his cock, watching instead as it bounced slightly as he moved. He crawled onto the bed and I sat up, reaching for his dick. He brushed my hands away and grabbed my knees, pulling them apart. Without ceremony, he dove into my cunt. I gasped and fell back on the bed, lifting my hips to his eager mouth.

He buried his face in my pussy, lapping at my juices, pulling my lips with his. I was moaning and writhing with intense pleasure as he ate me. His tongue pushed inside me as far as it would go and I cried out, the feeling of it amazing. He flicked his tongue inside me and twirled it around my opening. I could not keep my hips still. He pulled his tongue out of my pussy and flicked it over my clit. Sucking it into his mouth, he reached up and pulled at my nipples. A sharp jolt of pleasure went through me and I felt myself get even wetter than I already was.

He sucked at my clit and thrust two fingers into me. I gasped and my muscles clenched his fingers hard, releasing even more juice. He felt this and moaned against me. I felt the vibrations and it pushed me even closer to the edge. Closer and closer I got, his mouth never leaving my clit, his fingers dancing against my most sensitive spot. He pushed his face hard against me and shook his head back and forth. It was too much. I cried out as wave after wave of intense, paralyzing pleasure washed over me again and again. I dug my fingers into his scalp and pulled him in, my thighs quivering around his head.

He kissed the inside of my thighs tenderly as I floated back to earth. I moaned when he slid his tongue over my skin, still raw and sensitive from coming so hard. I lay there, breathing hard, a light sheen of sweat covering my body. He moved up from between my legs and looked down at me. His mouth and chin glistened with my come. Staring at it, a small smile played over my lips.

He smiled back and leaned down to kiss me. A sweet, gentle kiss, sharing my essence with me. I felt his cock press into my belly as he lowered his body on top of mine. I instinctively wrapped my legs around his back and pulled him to me. The head of his cock slipped between my slit. I rocked my hips back and forth, making it wet. He closed his eyes and took in a sharp breath. I waited for him to plunge into me. He had been holding back for so long, selflessly making sure I got there first. Now it was his turn.

But he didn't. He just rocked against me, enjoying the closeness of our bodies. I arched my back and tried to take him inside, needing him. I whimpered for him to please fuck me. A smile spread across his handsome face and he pushed forward, groaning as my pussy enveloped him. Once he was in, he curled his arms around my shoulders and began to pump in and out of me in a steady, comfortable rhythm.

I closed my eyes and reveled in the feel of his skin against mine, loving the feel of his dick stretching me and rubbing my walls. He pressed his hard body against mine and I ran my hands over him, greedily taking in wonder of his skin. I ran my hands through his hair, pulling it back from his face, and he leaned in for a sloppy, wet kiss.

As I often do, I began to talk dirty. Telling him how much I love his cock, how good it feels in my pussy. How I love to fuck him. My words spurred him on, and he pumped faster, harder. His breathing was becoming ragged and I knew he was close. I ran my hands up his back, it was hot and sweaty. I dug my nails into his shoulders and he moaned, taking pleasure in the pain.

But then he stopped unexpectedly and was still. I looked up at him confused. He didn't say anything but offered a warm smile and stroked my face tenderly. He kissed my neck and began moving again, making small, deliberate circles against my pussy, grinding his pelvis into my clit. I started pushing back against him, the pressure building in my clit with each pass of his hips. It built and built until I was on the edge of another orgasm. He dipped his head and sucked a breast into his mouth, pushing me over the edge. My legs tensed and squeezed him hard as I shook and convulsed underneath him. I screamed his name as I came all over his cock, my pussy gripping and clenching him with the strength of my climax. 

Still lost in the haze, I felt him pull out and sit back on his feet. He flipped me over onto my belly like I was a ragdoll and pushed my legs apart. He pulled my hips up and smacked my ass twice before shoving his cock back into me. I let go, a low guttural moan. He held my hips like a vice grip, leaving faint marks to be found tomorrow no doubt.

He fucked me hard and fast. I loved it when he was aggressive with me, when he dominated me. He pumped hard, his hips slapping against my ass obscenely. Despite having come twice already, the second time mere minutes ago, I felt another one building as he fucked me like this. I started pushing my hips back to meet him, the sound of our wet skin slapping together bouncing off the walls. 

He was panting and grunting. I could feel his sweat dripping onto my back, his fingers digging into my flesh. He leaned down and wrapped his arms around me, resting his stomach on my back, and fucked me even harder. I started to feel the familiar tightening in my pussy. 

I felt him tense behind him, his body going rigid and he pushed himself in as far as his cock would go. He pulled my hair and the feel of his sharp teeth on my shoulder pushed me over the edge as he exploded inside me. I could feel his cock swell and spray my womb with his seed. We moaned and cried out together, drowning in our mutual ecstasy. 

Exhausted, we both collapsed forward on the bed, panting and sweaty. He lay on top of me, breathing heavily into my ear. I could feel his rapid heartbeat through his chest against my back. His long hair stuck to my sweaty skin. I closed my eyes, a tired, half smile on my face. I let out a long, contented sigh before the light faded into sleep.