 We walked into my room, our hand wraps trailing behind us as we freed our fingers. As Seth turned back to shut the door, I slid my hands over his sweaty shoulders, feeling the hard muscles beneath his skin. Locking the door with a click, Seth turned back to me, smiling. He kissed me hard, and I could taste the sweat lingering in the stubble on his face. So contrary to the rest of his body pressing against me, his tongue felt cool in my mouth, a result of the water he had just swallowed. 

Seth and I are training at a muay thai camp in Thailand. Four hours a day, in the early morning and then the late afternoon, time spent punching, kicking, and blocking. Instructors held pads and called out moves and corrections in a mix of English and Thai. There were a mix of farang (foreigners, in Thai) training on a daily basis, both male and female. Training was gender blind, for the most part; it's the kind of gym where everyone is treated with respect. Although I do admit, I did like to admire the fittest guys who trained with their shirts off-- including, but certainly not limited to Seth. 

Most trainees at the gym take themselves very seriously, maybe too seriously. Many of the conversations deal with how much training is enough, what to eat, drink, sleeping patterns, sore muscles. I like to think that I take the training, not myself, seriously. It was so good to meet Seth, who was much the same. A fellow American (not as common out here as might be expected), Seth trained hard, but also knew when to take a break-- that playing hard was as important as working hard. And mmmm, had we played hard in the short time we have known each other. 

"No, no, no," I murmured as Seth pulled my shirt over my head. He set his lips firmly on the side of my neck, kissing, licking, sucking gently, as his fingers went to work on the clasp of my bra. "I'm sweaty and gross and smell bad. Let's take a shower first." 

He slid the straps from my shoulders and threw the bra to the ground. Pulling my body close to his, Seth leaned and whispered in my ear, a deep, husky whisper that sent heat rushing through my body, my pussy contracting around the emptiness I was now so painfully aware of. 

"Maybe I like you dirty." I know he liked me dirty. He got off on the same fantasies I did, games of domination and submission, of torturous slow and lingering foreplay, of fantasies of every shape and style possible. Slipping his hands down the back of my shorts, he continued to arouse me further. 

"Maybe I want to lick my way down your body," he paused, continuing to breathe into my ear as he squeezed my ass, "tasting every bead of salty sweat, until I finally get to the sweet, sweet prize." With that, he slipped his hand between my ass cheeks, reaching for my pussy. 

"No!" I said, pushing him away. "Your hands are disgusting! Have you seen some of guys in there?" I said, gesturing back towards the camp. "We sweat buckets, so no, you are not sticking anything inside me until we've cleaned up."

Seth laughed and gave me a little swat on the ass. "Yes, ma'am. I wouldn't want you to fight me," he said laughing. 

I crossed my arms, pouting a bit. "Oh ha ha. I think I'm faster than you at least".

"Oh, sweetie, you know all my weak spots. You could take me down without throwing a single punch." He gave me a sweet, gentle kiss, just enough to make me forget his little joke and remind me of all the fun we were going to have after our shower. Or maybe even during our shower...

Seth had quickly stripped off his shorts and went to turn the shower on. One of us had to be the neat one, and that task has fallen to me. I picked up our clothes, stripping my shorts off, and hung them in the corner to dry. The rack would go outside as soon one of us put some clothes on; something I hoped wouldn't happen for a while 

The thing about showers in Thailand is that they're in the same room as the sink and the toilet, no divider or anything. Step out from under the spray, it's probably going to hit the toliet. It's a little awkward at first, very different from the usual western set-up. One positive was that it allows for two people to share a shower a bit easier than in the States--however weak the water pressure. 

I gave Seth's puckered lips a quick kiss, but when he pulled me against him for a deeper kiss, I pushed him away. 

"Seth, this water is gross. We're not supposed to drink it! I think if you start slobbering your tongue all my face, you're going to end up swallowing some." I reached for the bar of soap and starting rubbing it all over my body, suppressing the urge to smile as Seth stood in the corner, mouth gaping in horror.

"Slobbering!? That's what my kissing feels like to you? Slobbering?" 

I shrugged.

"Well, then, if that's how you're going to play it," Seth declared, grabbing the soap and lathering his hands, "I guess I'll have play dirty."

Laying the soap on the counter, Seth's hands went to my shoulders, my neck, massaging the soap into my skin. Oh, he was playing dirty, and I couldn't help but moan, showing my hand in the first few moments of our game. My muscles were so sore, his touch was so welcome. I don't even know if it was sexual arousal or pure endorphins, but either way I was done. 

His hands sank to my breasts, slipping over the soapy surface. Seth pinched my nipples in quick, short bursts, my darkening nipples shooting out from the pressure of his grasp. Yelps, little yelps, escaped from my mouth as I felt the heat rush through me. I wanted more, so much more. I knew where his hands were going next and I wondered if he would sate me or keep me wanting. 

My query was quickly answered, although it wasn't the answer that I wanted. His fingers slid down to my pussy, but he came about as close as he could to it without actually touching it. Sliding in and out from between my legs, his fingers rubbed my outer lips, but barely grazed my more sensitive inner lips. I whimpered, desperately wanting to feel his fingers on my clit. He was the first guy I met who could rub me (nearly) as well as I could. 

"Ah," I cried, feeling his finger rubbing along the side of my clit, finally. Soft but insistent, Seth quickly built me up, making me feel weak and warm at the same time. 

"Ah... oh my god, Seth... oh... ooooooh... Oh god, Seth, I can't take this. Your finger, you, you, you, you feel so good. Oh. Oh. Oh, I can't take it. Ooooooooh my-- Seth! Please... ooooooooooh god! Ah, ah, ah," I was breathing heavy, but shallow breaths, so quickly, as I felt myself getting closer and closer to coming. 

And then suddenly-- he stopped. I whimpered in regret as Seth took his hand away from me. 

Seth pulled back, letting me start to catch my breath, but seeing as he had began to lather himself up, it wasn't really soothing my libido. I reached for him, wanting to feel his soapy skin slide underneath my fingers. His cock was pointing at me, a collection of bubbles and foam around the base in his trimmed pubic hair. I wanted to wrap my hand tight around it, creating a grip as tight and slippery as my pussy, and work him over. Hell, work myself over--I wanted his cock so badly and touching him would make me even wetter. 

"No," Seth said, his voice unexpectedly strong. My hand froze midway between us. Seth took the showerhead off of the wall and directed the stream over his body, rinsing all of the soap off. I watched eagerly, pouting, as the white rivets ran down his body. Once clean, Seth hung the shower back on the wall, and, hands on my shoulders, pulled me under the water. Keeping his body apart from mine, I felt his lips in my ear as he muttered, "Slobbering," before pulling away completely. He grabbed his towel and went back into the bedroom to dry off, robbing me of that show. 

Bastard. He knew that I would listen to him, wouldn't dare disobey that particular tone of voice; our first meeting had made sure of that. He was torturing me, denying me what I so badly wanted. He was so hard to tease sometimes--there could always be some repercussions. As I finished washing off, I was smiling-- Seth's consequences were always enjoyable. 

"What do you think you're doing?"

I had walked out of the bathroom, naked and dry, and over to the dresser, grabbing a pair of panties to lie down in. I held up a light pink pair and smiled. 

"Nuh uh," he said, patting the bed. "You're coming over here."

"But it's cold under AC blower," I pouted, moving to the bed, crawling on all fours towards my lover. Seth grabbed me around the waist and pulled me to him, nestling his semi-hard cock between my ass cheeks. 

"I'll just have to keep you warm then." Seth wrapped his arm around my shoulder and grabbed my breast and began to massage it. I loved the look of his hand on my skin. Seth has a darker completion than I do. Seeing his tanned fingers grip my pale skin was a turn on in it's own right. 

"Or maybe," his growled into my ear, "I want you burning up." With that, Seth flipped me on my back and settled on top of me. He began to tease my nipple with his tongue, gently flicking it back and forth. My breathing started to hitch, escaping from my mouth in irregular fits. Witnessing my varied breathing, Seth did something that he knew would stop it all together. He fastened his mouth around my nipple and began to suck, while at the same time, wrapping his hand around that same breast and squeezing, kneading. It was a move that drove me absolutely, completely mad. 

"Ah... Ooooooohoo... aaaaaahhh..." Warmth spread through me, down to my fingertips. I thrust my hips up in the air, seeking the pressure of Seth's hips. I wanted to feel his hard cock between the lips of my pussy, sliding through my wetness. I wanted to feel how big he had grown, how much my body, my moans, the anticipation of having me had aroused him. His eyes found mine and gave me a sultry stare that quickly broke into one of his telltale winks and he released my nipple, now a purplish pink, from his lips. 

"You realize that is my stomach you're grinding on?"

My eyes flew open in mock rage as I pushed at his shoulders to get him off of me. Seth gave me a bemused smile as I pushed him down and climbed on top of him. I pressed my knees tight to his hips, raising my pussy above his cock, which now rested across his pointed up towards his face. There it was, exactly what I has wanted, but now I wanted something more. I wanted to make Seth as breathless as he made me; I wanted him gasping for coherent thought. I stared down at him with a flirty determination. 

"Oh, I'm well acquainted with your stomach..." I kissed down Seth's neck, to his chest and between his pecs. Seth didn't have much chest hair, and I liked it that way. In between the rounds of training, when he stands still long enough to drink water, I can see the droplets of sweat race down his chest to his stomach.. That's the path my lips take now, but all my tongue can taste is his sweet skin. I feel the firmness of his ab muscles underneath his tight skin. 

"But your stomach is not exactly what I'm interested in." I gently dragged my lips over his cock, feeling the softest skin on his body twitch as I teased his shaft. I let the warm breath out of my mouth cover his cock as I sank down even further to his balls. I let my tongue tease out of my mouth, wide and flat, gently lifting his balls. My fingers took the place of my lips on his shaft, trailing up and down. For the first time, I touched the head of his cock. My thumb slipped around his pre-cum. I looked up at Seth as I brought my thumb to my mouth, sucking off his sweet taste. I let a moan slip past my fingers.

"Mmmm, you taste so good... I think I want some more." Eyes wide, Seth watched as I pulled my tongue past his balls, slowly up his cock until my lips reached the head of his cock. Pulling my mouth over his cock, I began to suck all the pre-cum I could from his plush head.

God, I love the taste of a cock in my mouth. I kept his cock in my mouth and I slid my lips down, taking him deeper and deeper into my mouth. I love feeling the weight of a cock on my tongue. When it hits the back of my throat, it only takes a minor adjustment to slide his cock back and down into my throat. As my nose brushes into his trimmed pubic hair, Seth's hands grip the bed sheets.

"God, Christina! I don't understand how you do that". I didn't respond other than to rise up, take another breath, and place the cock back at in my throat. I moved my tongue along the back of his cock, managing for a moment or two before I had to stop to gag. It's unfortunate, but a common side effect of deep throating. I hope Seth didn't notice. I quickly began to suck his cock again, going down about halfway. 

Seth reached over and put his hand on the back of my head, feeling the rhythm as I bobbed up and down. Instead of going faster, I sucked deeper, placing as much of my lips and tongue in contact with his cock as possible. His fingers suddenly gripped into my hair and pulled me off his cock. My face smeared with spit, my eyes watery with tears from gagging, he looked down at me and commanded me without speaking. Now. 

Sniffling and smiling, I pull up myself until I'm straddling Seth's hips, the same position I was in before. This time, however, I spread my knees wide, and hand on his cock, guiding it's slippery head into the opening of my pussy. Seth gripped my hips hard, but didn't thrust upwards. He knew how tight I was and wanted to make sure I took him in without hurting myself. 

My breath hitching, I slide down slowly, letting myself adjust to his size. Rising up halfway, I slide back down until I've taken every inch of him inside me. The first few seconds of penetration always puts me on the edge of coming. With my knees spread, I'm able to rub my clitoris again him. 

"Uh... uh... uh... uh..." I start let out quick little moans as I felt the pressure building inside me. For me, coming is like a bomb-- you work yourself up, chasing the pleasure, working to light the fuse. Once lit, the explosion of orgasm is inevitable. As the fuse burns down, oh god, it's already like I'm coming, it can last for so long or happen in an instant.

Seth could see how close I was, and I swear I could feel his cock stiffen. He pulled me down closer to him, allowing my to grind my hips deeper into him. "You going to come for me, baby, my sweet girl? I feel you pussy getting tighter around me; It's making me so hard. You look so sexy riding me. I can't wait to feel you throb around me. Come for me, sweetie. I want to feel you come." Seth pushes his hips up, and I scream as I feel him go even deeper, as my clit rubs again his hardness. "Come. Come right now."

"Seth!" I cry out, somewhere between a screech and shout. "Oh god, I'm gonna come. Ah! I feel it. I... feel you. Ah... oh... oh god. Oh god. Oh god!"

"That's right, baby," Seth encourages as I grip his shoulders, digging my fingers into his muscle. "Let go, just feel it. Let go for me. Come for me." 

"Ah, Seth, oh god! I'm... I'm..."

"Come. Come now."

"AHHHH!" I came hard, finally exploding around him. I pushed against him as I felt the pulses go through my body. I slowed as the pulses ebbed, coming to rest on top of Seth, my sweaty forehead resting on his neck. My chest heaved against his as I tried to catch my breath. I was not succeeding. For all my improvement when it comes to fitness, I still couldn't breath. Although I suppose, this was something different all together. 

Seth reached up and stroked my hair, blowing cool air down my neck. I giggled, all my tension broken. I looked up at Seth and smiled, kissing him deeply. I began to move my hips again, gently; with his hard cock inside me, demanding my attention, I couldn't just do nothing. 

"You sure you're okay? You can rest for a little while longer." Seth is so cute and attentive. In response, I rose up to my knees and thrust my hips in the air, sliding his cock in and out of my pussy. After I come, my pussy absolutely floods with juice. Seth could feel it as his cock slid in and out of me. 

I know Seth was dying to take control of me, take the dominant role. He grabbed my hips and held me up, pumping into me furiously. I wasn't close to coming again, but I was still calling out as he fucked me hard. As he broke off, I moved off of him, gasping to catch my breath. Before I had time role over onto my back, exhibit some of the exhaustion I was feeling, Seth pulled himself behind me. 

Grasping my hips, Seth squeezed the flesh on my hips so hard that I cried out in discomfort. His grip just over the line from pleasure to pain, Seth knew exactly how much sting to give me to make the pleasure even sweeter. I turned my head and looked back at him, appreciating how masculine he was, raised up behind me, muscles flexed, hips pumping possessively as he took exactly what he wanted--my tight, wet pussy. 

Seth wasn't a really vocal guy, but I could tell from how he was fucking me harder that he was getting closer to coming. He cock got impossibly hard inside me, hitting new, pleasurable spots inside me. I began to yell louder, both from the feeling of his cock and the fact that my lover was about to come. 

There was no chance of me looking back at him now. I was being fucked so hard into the mattress, it was all I could do to keep breathing. I heard Seth grunt, once, twice, embedding his cock so deeply inside me as he came, bottoming out in my tight pussy. I yelled out, bending my back to ease the pressure from his rigid dick. 

Seth released my hips, sinking down on top of me as we fell the few inches onto the mattress. Taking a few calming breaths, Seth released me from his weight, rolling beside me with a sigh of satisfaction. I turned me face to him, breathing heavy, exhausted by not only my own efforts, but the effect of being ridden so thoroughly. He smiled at me, his hand tracing swirling circles on my back, in the sweat that was most certainly his and mine. 

"You're sweaty again."