 Men... you're just fucking weird.

My guy—Guy #1, Bill, you'll recall—has a long, really thick dick. If he points it at your nose and you stare at it at eye level, you see its girth is oval-shaped, not round. I can lay two American quarters across the top of his erection. My middle fingertip cannot touch my thumb when I jerk him off. He's a mouthful, literally, and yet... he constantly wants me out there searching and meeting guys with 'big dicks.' Fine, I say. If that's what you want, but I don't get it, all this 'other big dick stuff.'

(I'm not complaining. Look at the story title, for God's sake. Go read chapter one again. I'm just curious what makes men tick in that way. I know he's not the only one. He showed me the cuckold and hotwife websites. He's in good company. It's just a crazy aspect of adult male masculinity I never expected to encounter when I hopped online a year ago. I guess I should be grateful.)

That gratitude I ought to be feeling is why I'm here again, telling stories. I'm oh, so thankful for what happened to us after my first night with Alex. As if that wasn't hot and satisfying enough, it only led to even more opportunities for me to stretch my limits. Turns out, I have fewer and fewer every day.

When I wrote that first profile, I adamantly insisted I would never do threesomes. I was strictly a one-on-one girl, and that's all I'd ever done, even after partnering with Bill and up until I spent that evening with Alex, and the next guy I met after (don't ask; all he did was lick me when his pot belly kept his fifty-year-old dick from getting hard. He paid for the drinks and the room, though, so there's that.) I had always resisted Bill's suggestions about three-ways and gang bangs and swinger parties. But as with Alex and the phone call voyeurism, it took Bill ignoring me and putting me, he says, where I was meant to be all along.

My first threesome didn't go the way I thought threesomes went. The combinations, I thought, were always two guys fucking a woman in every way she could handle, but that's not at all what happened with us. The whole thing was a surprise, in so many ways.

I have a friend, Eileen, and she has the dirtiest mind and mouth of any person I know, certainly of any woman in our church choir. (If you only knew what we talked about between hymns...) Eileen is in her early fifties, widowed. She's in very good health, but if she had a girlish figure, it was long gone when I met her six years ago. She's rounder than any woman wants to be, but she's just a little chubby. Bill, in fact, always comments about Eileen being hotter than she thinks she is. When I told him how filthy Eileen's mind and mouth are, I noticed he started to spend more time talking to her whenever we all got together. Now and then I joke about being jealous, and he is very forthright. "I'd fuck her in a McDonald's bathroom if she said 'yes,'" he told me. (That's higher praise than you know; he's a Burger King man.)

I told him Eileen was all talk. I never knew her hubby, but in the time I've known her she has never had a date or even come close. I guess the free talk excites her as much as she needs to be excited. I told Bill to let it go. He had plenty of others anyway. Then one day he started calling her 'Mt. Eileen.' He's not Catholic, or anything. I corrected him. "Do you mean St. Eileen."

"No. Mt. Eileen. She's my mountain. I have to climb her.

"Why?"

"Because she's there."

He bet me it would happen. I played along. (I had never made a bet in my life. I'm forty.) I asked what happened if I lost. "Gang bang. No argument." 

"And if I win?"

"You won't."

One Saturday after choir rehearsal, Eileen came to Bill's room with me. I was getting my overnight bag and going home. She and I were going to share a cab. When he heard me come in, he came out of the room, naked, to surprise me. Eileen screamed. I laughed. Bill respectfully ducked back into the bedroom. Her hands were covering her face and she had spun her back to him, and she was facing me. When she heard his voice come from the bedroom—"Sorry!"—she turned around again. I didn't know what she would do, but she laughed. I was relieved.

"I'll get dressed," Bill yelled from the bedroom.

Then Eileen surprised me even more. She walked over to me and whispered. "He has a big cock!" She was trying to hide her nervous, little girl laughter. I giggled. I told her to peek inside. She blushed. Then I pushed her toward the bedroom door. She wouldn't go there. The door opened. Bill saw what I was doing. He stood in the doorway and put both hand behind his head, doing a stripper hip wiggle. "Is Eileen coming for me?"

Now she was really embarrassed. Bill never let her off the hook. "Oh... Or did I have it wrong? Is my dick too small for Eileen?"

That made her laugh, but she still had her back to him. Then Bill went for the kill.

"Helen, come see if it's too small. Eileen is making me feel bad about myself."

I said sure, and walked over to him. He held out the waist of his pants and said, "Take a look in there." I did, and all the while his eyes were on Eileen, because he knew... knew she would look to see if I really was staring into his pants. When she did, that was all he needed.

"Want to look, too? Helen won't mind."

"I told her that before."

"When?"

"When I told her what we do. Hahahahaha!"

He was looking at her. She was nervous. When she didn't come to him, he went to her, except while he moved slowly toward her, he opened his pants. She turned away, but he was in charge now. "Uh-uh... Have a look. Look at it."

She looked. He let it hang long and loose, probably the thickest, heaviest meat she had ever seen. She was staring down at it when he stopped, very close in front of her. He reached for her hand and she let him have it. He didn't have to make her fingers wrap around it. She held it and bit her bottom lip.

"Come here, Helen."

I did what he told me to do. "Get down." I did, on my knees. Eileen said no. "Shhh!" he said. He turned to me, his cock springing out of Eileen's hand. "Lube it." When he said that, I went crazy on his cock. We have several code phrases for how he likes me to blow him. 'Lube it' means fast and extremely wet. That's his favorite, me bobbing up and down, really fast, with lots of hand motion with all that saliva on his shaft. I was feasting on him and barely heard the soft sigh come from Eileen's mouth. He had reached out and rubbed one of her tits. She looked nervous.

"I think you are so fucking hot, Eileen. HOT!" he said. Then he pulled her close and kissed her while I kept lubing his big hard dick. I didn't see, but he told me later how hard and deep she kissed him. He was still rubbing a tit, and as soon as the kiss ended he reached for her shoulder and pushed her to the floor, to her knees. She complied.

"Helen, share."

I stopped. 

"Suck it, Eileen, any way you want to!"

She didn't hesitate. She lubed him, just as I did. There was no fucking that day, just two women on a floor sucking on a big, fat, white dick. Bill kept talking to us, keeping the atmosphere hot and sexy. It was no surprise Eileen's mouth got tired fast. Bill sat on the sofa, Eileen beside him. They kissed and he sucked her tits as I finished him off. She and I never kissed or even touched. When he was about to cum, he ordered her back to the floor. He asked if she wanted to share the load. She did. 

"Helen, get off it. I'm cumming! GO EILEEN!"

That old woman slurped down every fucking drop he fed her. "OH, FUCK! I BET IT'S BEEN A WHILE, BABY!! GO FOR IT!!" When he said that, she grabbed it and really went to work. She made sure it was all hers. (He eats ice cream and pineapples whenever we spend weekends together. Makes his cum taste AMAZING! I never asked her, but I could tell she loved it, too.)

She lapped it all up, and as soon as she was done, she sat on the floor and laughed. I did, too. Bill excused himself to go wash up. "You can never..." she began.

"I'll never tell," I cut her off. 

And that was that, my first threesome, even if it wasn't a three-way fuck. But in the cab after, I thought of nothing else except the fact I had had sex with two people. I felt like a grown-up... at forty, four fucking decades into my life, and I was starting to feel free and mature.

Bill wasn't back in town for another month. I didn't meet any other guys over that time. I got a text from him. 'Same hotel. 904. Ten o'clock. Bring a bag.' YES!! For most of my life, sex was a mystery. As a married woman, it had been a chore. But now, it had been almost a year since I had gone more than two weeks without a rollicking hard fuck. A month was an eternity to me now. I looked at my watch. Noon. Ten hours couldn't go by fast enough...

As a joke, I sent Eileen a text when I was in the taxi. 'Want to join us? Bring a bag, slut!' All she sent me was 'Enjoy Mr. Sweet Cock!' I thought that was a joke, then thought it sounded vaguely jealous, and for a second I felt sorry for Eileen... but then remembered where I was and where I was going and why I was going there. Feeling bad for my friend could wait. My nipples were already swollen. I was a horny whore, and I could see the hotel out the taxi window.

When the door opened, I thought I had gone to the wrong room. A stranger stood before me.

"You're Helen, right?"

Not a stranger then. But...

"I'm Dan. Come on in. Bill left you a note."

'Dan,' if that was his real name, pointed to the dinner table that separated the kitchen area from the living room. I must not have moved for a while, because he said, "Come on in, it's okay." I stepped in and looked around for Bill.

"He's not here, but don't worry. It's okay, really. Read his note."

I did. Fucker.

'YOU LOST THE BET! IF THIS GUY ISN'T FUCKING YOU WHEN I GET BACK IN FIFTEEN MINUTES, I'M GOING TO RAPE EILEEN, UP HER ASS, AND I'LL TELL HER YOU TOLD ME TO!! ENJOY, WHORE!!

I laughed out loud. Dan was standing behind me, not far away. When I turned and was smiling, he got right to the point. "That dress is awfully short."

"Yeah, it is."

"If I pull it up, will I see any panties under there?"

"Maybe; maybe not."

"If I don't see any panties, will I see any bush?"

"Maybe; maybe not." I was laughing now. As much as I love cock, I still get nervous when I meet a new guy. I get really nervous when I meet a hot new guy. Dan was tall like Alex, but he was older, closer to my age. But wow, what a face! I didn't care that he was bald, one of those horseshoe bald guys. His eyes were blue and intense, and his skin was not pale. (I found out later he was half-Portuguese.) He had some sexy hair on his chest, just like Bill. I could see it where his shirt was unbuttoned. Tall, thin, but strong. I was nervous, because I knew in about five minutes I'd be giving this hunk all the pussy he wanted. I laughed more.

He reached out, his hand heading for the hem of my dress. It was a low-cut, high-hem dress Bill liked me to wear when we rode cabs together. He could finger me easily, and no, I was not wearing panties. Dan lifted the hem.

"Hmmmm... no panties, and a shaved little pussy. My favorite snack."

Quicker than I knew it, he moved in, lifted me, and sat me on the dinner table. I'm sure I squealed "Whoa!" and laughed again, and this time because it was that much fucking fun! He laid me back and opened my legs. The next thing I knew, Dan was the man, and he was lapping up every bit of juice that was already running out of me. My legs were now up in the air, and Dan slipped a finger in me. I'm a screamer, a loud one, and Dan already had me there.

A year ago, ten years ago, I was so shy I couldn't even ask my best friend if she masturbated. I didn't even know how to do it. Now, as much as I adore being a whorish little sub, I know a good thing when I feel it. I also know how to seize a moment.

"I bet you have a big fucking cock!" I yelled, between moans and squeals, and there a lot of both.

Between slurps and nibbles and him driving his tongue deep inside me, he came right back at me.

"Want to see it, whore?"

"Show me, motherfucker!"

He stood up and tore at his pants. He flung his belt to the floor and practically ripped the front of his pants apart. He shoved them down off his hips, and oh my, was he big... and ready!

"You want that, bitch?"

"FUCK ME, MOTHERFUCKER!"

He slid me over to the edge of the table and spread me. His cock jammed right into me. That feeling is so fucking hot, that feeling the head gives you, splitting you and sliding all the way in. "OOOOHHHH!" I let out, and I felt the wall of him as he went all the way deep, and his body was pressed against my everything down there.

"You're so wet and tight! FUCK! Come here!"

He pulled me upright and impaled me even deeper as he lifted me off the table.

"OH! SHIT! AAAAGGGHHHHH! FUCK ME!!"

He carried me to the bedroom and threw himself back on the bed. I came down on top and didn't need his invitation to start riding. If I'm not sucking a cock, this is where I want to be. Oh god, was this so fucking good! His hands went right for my tits, and my pussy did everything else. The slick wetness of his stomach and pelvis, covered in everything I was pouring out, made the ride even hotter!

I didn't hear anyone come in. A light just came on. I didn't care. It let me see Dan under me, even clearer! (I LOVE the fucking light on!!) Our eyes locked and we went at it even harder, grunting like hogs and fucking like demons.

Bill's voice.

"Helen, what are you doing?"

"I'm FUCKING!!'

"Why?"

"Because he has a BIG FUCKING DICK! OHHHH!! SHIIIIIT!"

"Can I watch?"

"I don't fucking care!! AAAAGGGGHHHHHHHH!!"

Just hearing his voice made me cum, and I didn't try to stop it.

"AAAAGGGHHH!! FUCK YES! FUCK I'M CUMMING!!"

When I cum, on top, I fuck so hard I hurt myself, but it's the best pain in the world. This time, Dan came up at me hard, and the cumming lasted forever. I was running all over him, pouring the hottest, tangiest-smelling juice on a man as I ever had. I was still cumming when Bill got on the bed and stood straddling Dan, and offered his hard cock to me.

"OH GOD!!" I grabbed it and sucked and came even harder. Dan was fucking me as hard as he could. Bill was as swollen and hard as I had ever known him to be. He pinched my nipple hard and told me to stop sucking.

"Who's the whore?"

"ME! I AM! I'M THE WHORE!!"

"Whose whore?"

"OHHHHH GODDDDD... ANYONE'S!! AAAAGGHHHHHH!!"

"Who gets pussy from Helen?"

"ANYONE! ANY COCK! AAAAAGGGGHHHHH!"

He knew those words made me as hot as they made him. He told me to get off Dan and get on my knees on the bed. I did. Bill got behind me and shoved his cock in me. I screamed. 

"Suck Dan's big dick. Go now, whore!"

I blew Dan like he owned me, and he did. Bill always told me to give in to the man, whether it was him or any other guy. The truth is, he never had to tell me that. I worship cock. I am what I am, and there on that bed, I was Dan's little cocksucking whore. I jerked him and slurped him as hard as I could, dying for every drop he had in those lovely shaved balls. He wasn't fucking my mouth. It was all me, and I was hungry. Behind me, Bill was fucking me so hard I almost bit Dan's cock. Two long fat cocks, for the girl who said she'd never want sex with more than one guy...

But I wasn't thinking about that just then. The room, the bed, the air, the men... they all smelled like raw fucking. My hair was wet. My pussy was soaked. The bed was saturated with everything my body could give it. "She's a fucking machine!" Dan said. That made me go even crazier. I was a machine. I never wanted to stop.

And we didn't. Dan blew a huge load down my throat, then pulled out and squirted all over my face and hair. I stuck out my tongue after and he slapped it with his hard dick. Then Bill told me he was ready, and I came off his cock and turned. He stood up, and I crawled to him and opened wide. His dick went straight to the back of my throat and he fed me another load. After, Bill went out for food. Dan was on the bed, and I licked his nipples, massaging his balls until he got hard again. He lifted me on to his cock and fucked me all over the room, carrying me from window to window, chair to table, driving dick into me as hard as he could. I swallowed another load and took a shower. 

When Bill came back, we ate. We fucked. They bent me over the back of the sofa and took turns fucking me from behind while I left a voice message on Eileen's phone. It was three a.m. Was she awake? I don't know. We had to be at church at eight. If she wasn't awake now listening, she would have a smile on her face when she got to the chapel. 

I had a smile on my face all day, and the next day. I told Eileen everything. I invited her back to the room after church, but she declined. Oh well... I didn't decline. Bill and I had a great afternoon, without Dan this time. But there would be another Dan, and another next time. 

And hopefully, I'd lose another bet, soon...