 I watched the glow increase as she inhaled. The glowing tip of the Marlboro was all that I could see in the dark. The glow moved in a slow arc from her lips to the area I judged to be her belly. She blew out the smoke slowly.

"Ahhhh, fuck...that was good."

"I'm flattered. I have to say I was a bit apprehensive being with you."

"Scotty, I didn't say you were good..." She laughed in the smoky darkness and took another deep drag. 

"I said," the smoke came out quickly, "it was good. It's one thing to ride a vibrator and it's an entirely-fuckin-different thing to have a cock inside you. And it has been soooo long." 

"Well, gee."

"Aw babe, you were good. I haven't been with anyone for at least a year."

Another drag, the glow going in a quick arc from lips to belly and then a cloud of pungent smoke.

"I thought sure you were doing that guy you brought to the church picnic."

She snorted. She had a deep, whiskey and Marlboro growl of a voice. "Yeah. He wished."

"I thought you two made a good looking couple. Both of you tanned and lean and so athletic."

She snorted again. "Oh yeah. Listen, he might have been `lean and sooooo athletic' but his ego was twice the size of your waistline." 

She twisted in bed and slapped me on the belly. "And, we fuckin know your waistline is not inconsiderable." She giggled and found my chin with her cigarette hand and homed in on my lips. She slowly kissed me, licking my lips then she twisted around, took a quick drag and snubbed out the butt in the bedside ashtray.

"How do you do that?" 

"What?"

"Put out your cigarette in the dark."

"Practice." 

She laughed and turned back to me and snuggled into my chest. "That guy works in my building. I got to talk to some of his conquests. He's a wham-bam-aren't-I-so-fucking-good kinda of guy."

"And how do I get rated?"

She kissed my neck, bit gently. "Hmmmm… Let's see. I am 38 years old. I had three guys before I was married. I've been married twice; and now you. And I give you about a 2 for technique but you get an 11 plus for bed manners."

"Oh?"

She bit again then went for a nipple and laughed as she bit. "If you want, I can give you lessons." 

"You mean I get a return engagement?"

"Uh," she pulled a way to look at me in the dark, "you want one, don't you?" 

"Are you kidding?"

"Good. Very good," back to the nipple. "You're the first guy who *ever* ask me if I wanted on top when we were about to do *it*. And then you're the first guy to ever let me come on my own terms. And, it appears that you're the first guy I have ever been in bed with that isn't completely fucked up emotionally."

"My wife not withstanding? Ow!" She bit a little too hard.

"I love your wife - and so do you. That's why I feel safe...Am I wrong?"

"No, you're not wrong."

***

We dozed off in each other's arms. When I woke up she was sleeping on her side facing away from me. I slid close to her back. I found her thigh and lightly slid my hand up from her knee to her ass. She stirred slightly. I took the initiative and pushed her top leg out in front of her, opening her sex. She was still swollen and slick. I found the opening and plunged two fingers in. She groaned.

"Gawd," a pump in and out, "what are you doing?"

I pulled myself quickly and tightly to her back and whispered in her ear. "I think I'm finger fucking your cunt." 

Another pump, lingering at the roof of her sex. She twisted around in my arms. We repositioned rapidly. 

I re-established my hold on her sex and slid down even with her breasts. I bit and then sucked her erect nipple. 

Her reaction was high pitched and barely controlled. "Oh,oh,oh..." She thrust herself three times in rapid succession on my hand. On the third thrust I dropped a finger out of her sex and stabbed it into her rectum past the second knuckle. 

“Aaaaahhhhhhh...ahAHAHAHAHAH!!!! Shit! Yes!!!"

I pulled up to her mouth. She sucked my tongue ravenously all the while working her sex and ass against my hand. 

She was near breathless as she humped my hand. I alternated between sucking and biting of her nipples; enjoying the taste as she dewed with fine perspiration across her chest. 

"Oh...baby...yes...do me...finger fuck me hard...like.... oh motherfucker..." she gulped for air, "finger fuck...me...like..." her smoky voice cracked high, "that..."

She was out of control. I pulled my hand out and before she could react grabbed her by the throat and pushed her to her back. 

She whispered, "Yes," over and over as I spread her legs and positioned myself to take her. I mounted her - awkwardly in the dark - and drew in a deep breath as I felt her heat and slickness engulf me. The sensation was heightened by her deep, frenzied whispers of obscenities. 

Two thrusts against me then she drew back so far that I was pulled out. I took her hard behind her left knee and rolled her ass and sex up intending to plunge deep into her sex. In the dark, in my frenzy, I missed and hit her anus. 

There was a moment of resistance, she screamed and went limp then I plunged into her ass. 

I jerked the pillow out from under her head and pressed her to the mattress by her shoulders. I lowered my belly onto hers and then froze. 

She coughed several times and was panting hard. I felt her trembling. 

It was a barely audible hiss, "Kiss me, Scott...please..."

I lowered my mouth to hers. At first she took my mouth with the same voraciousness as earlier but then she moaned into my mouth and the kiss turned very tender. 

I moved to her throat. She arched to give me better access. Her pulse was pounding and she still trembled. I breathed into her ear then kissed her forehead. She was moaning very quietly; we still had not moved. 

"Oh my god...it burns..." she breathed now in my ear; her breath still quick and ragged, "it burns so much..." 

I released her shoulders and shifted my weight so that we could hold each other. She took my head in her hands. 

"It burns. Your cock burns inside my ass..." 

I dared to take a small thrust in the hot, tight tunnel I was sheathed in. 

"Oh gaaaawwwwddddd..." her whisper turned feral, "make it burn more...fucking make it burn..." 

She growled then bit my earlobe. Hard.

***

I collapsed afterward, finding it a bit difficult to breathe. She rolled next to me; smoker's hack and panting in between. It felt good; our sweat soaked skins lightly rubbing together. 

"You ok?" she asked in the darkness.

"Uh, I thought I should be the one asking you that. You know, since I like, did the fucking."

"Silly boy."

In the dark she rolled toward the nightstand. The sound of her Zippo then the flair as it lit her Marlboro then the glow of the butt.

"How do you do that?"

"What?"

"Light your cigarette in the dark."

She laughed. "Practice."