 "Boy, tonight you're on your own again," Kevin's stepmom reminded him with barely hidden glee. The oversexed, overdeveloped thirty-two year old musclebitch and her equally oversexed, overdeveloped, musclebitch-fucker stepson were on a week-long college tour during Spring Break week, and they were about to finish dinner at a local diner in Madison, Wisconsin.

"I remember. But what are your plans?" he asked sarcastically. Kevin was well aware what Trish had in mind for herself, at least in general terms. To get herself fucked as quickly and as hard as possible! By a man if at all possible – if not by a woman.

Madison was about to experience the unbridled lust of two of the McKenzie clan! It wasn't the first town and neither of them expected it would be the last – the University of Wisconsin was the mid-point of their trip.

Kevin was 18, a tall, ripped stud who knew what he wanted and how to get it: tits and cunt. One small and the other huge – but not in that order!

His dad was back home, trusting his second wife as Kevin's chaperone and tripmeister (while banging his secretary once upon arriving at work and once before leaving – but that is a different story). Trish did a pretty good job at the latter, getting the two of them from city to city and arranging for the campus tours, etc.

And Kevin thought she did a pretty good job with the former too, mainly by turning him loose most nights to ravage and pillage the resident pulchritude. That means: to fuck the hot co-eds!

Kevin reached down below the table to shift his dick slightly. The thought of the night about to begin started the blood flowing to his oversized prong. Half a pint had moved there in the last few seconds, rushing to fill his cockbarrel. The stacked waitress leaning over him every few minutes was helping the cause. One of her tits had brushed his head a few minutes earlier, and it didn't appear to be an accident!

His crotch adjustment didn't go unnoticed by Trish – not much ever did. She was as sharp as she was lewd, and as crude as she was built. 

"You already stiff, stud? Maybe you should show the bitch what you have in there." She cocked her head toward the twitching ass of the wonton waitress as she sashayed away from them.

Trish knew very well what he had "in there" – they had been fucking behind the back of Kevin's dad for two years!

"Trish, she must be close to 30; what would I want with a broad that ancient?" he said with as straight a face as he could muster. He knew, and he knew Trish knew he knew, how hot and horny a woman that age can be. 

Trish didn't say anything in response. But looking stern, she reached under the table, and took hold of as much of Kevin's shaft as she could through his jeans. Her strong hand began to squeeze the massive dong as she looked into his eyes, her grip slowly tightening. She kept up the pressure, her bicep bulging, applying far more pressure than most women could attain, and far more than most men could take. She could feel his pulse through the denim.

Kevin just grinned at her. "Are you doing that to make me hornier, or to make yourself hornier?

Trish laughed. "Both, I guess – as if either of us needs it. I've been dripping ever since that sophomore football player led our tour this afternoon. I thought I would die from lust when I saw the package he's packing!

"Too bad for him that some other guy is going to get the benefit of what he started," responded her stepson. "And I saw him mentally undressing you . . ."

"Too bad for you you're such a cretin. While you were making time with that slutty looking girl you intercepted on the sidewalk, I slipped him my cell phone number. And we have a "date" in about ten minutes!" she crowed.

Kevin was surprised, but quickly recovered. He looked over at Trish, and studied her more closely for a moment or two. He reassessed her for the first time in a while, and concluded she was as good looking a woman as most men will ever see in the flesh. Long dark hair, a Marie Osmond look, about five feet eight inches tall. Heavily muscled from years of tennis and intense weight-training. Tits the size of cantaloupes – big cantaloupes at that. Her tanned juggs looked like they were about to jump out of her low-cut top; her swollen deltoids were jumping out of her short sleeves.

Trish thanked God for her physical assets every day, because they made it possible for her to attract the cock she craved so much. Trish was a nymphomaniac and ugly nymphos have a tough time of it!

The thought of Trish and Mr. Football balling added another inch or two to Kevin's cockstand. Enough banter, he thought – let's get the show on the road. He spoke up.

"Yeah, while you were busy finding a cradle to rob, I made a date with that chick. And I hope she is as slutty as you think she looks, 'cause that's why I moved in on her."

Trish clucked like a disapproving mother hen. "It takes one to know one, baby. You won't have any trouble scoring with that one tonight. One look at your prong and she'll be gone! Ten inches'll make most girls cream, and she didn't look like any fucking exception to me. Trish hesitated for a moment, then concluded "She looked like a fucking whore instead!"

"Let's get going." Kevin was impatient. "I said I would meet Lisa at some video arcade near the bookstore, and I don't want to be late. Where are you meeting Mr. Football?"

"So 'Lisa' is the slut's name? 'Mr. Football' is coming right here. I figured he knows his way around this town better than me, so why not let him pick me up? We'll figure out where we're going when he shows up . . ." Trish voice trailed off, as her mind focused on her memory of the guy's tight ass and her fingers under the table stroking her wet snatch.

 * * * * * * * * *  

Trish had no interest in video games, or any games for that matter. The cockhound had only one thing on her mind, and that thing was sticking out of Chad's crotch!

"Your son looks like he plays ball – but you look way too young to be his mother."

"He does, but I'm not – he's my stepson. I married his father five years ago." They were ambling away from the diner, with no destination in mind.

Chad didn't say anything for a minute.

"So, baby, this is your show. Where do you want to go?" he asked.

Trish stopped and turned to him. The sexy stepmom took a deep breath and let her enormous tits well up out of her top until they were more out than in. Hard, firm mounds that advertised her availability. "Well, baby, she mimicked, I don't want to go anywhere. Now ask me what I want to do."

"Ok, I'll play along. What do you want to do?" Now he was mimicking her.

She reached out and with each of her hands encircled his thick wrists. She lifted them up, meeting no resistance from him. Chad's arms were heavy, with triceps and biceps that swelled up into giant ribbons of muscle, but she was strong too and she had no trouble bringing both of his arms up over his head. At the same time, she stepped into him, pushing him backwards towards the wall of a store.

The powerful young athlete was taken off guard. He knew the bitch was aggressive, but no woman had ever had the courage or power to physically manhandle him like that.

The oversexed slut walked him back until his ass hit the wall, and then pushed herself up against him -- hard. Just as he felt her gigantic tits mash into his chest he saw her tilt her head up, and bringing her mouth forward she planted her lips over his.

Immediately her tongue invaded his mouth, and he took the challenge and tongued her back. She ground her hips into his, all the time continuing to hold his arms high above his head.

Her hips worked their magic, and his trouser snake came alive. She felt it – she craved it. She was amazed by it. She had to have it.

Trish pulled back. "That's what I wanted to do, for starters. Now I want to take you back to my hotel and fuck your brains out, you hung bastard. I am going to screw you so hard you'll never forget me or my body. I will be the hardest fuck you'll ever have, and I am going to cum all over every part of that fabulous body you've got, baby!

The vixen let him go. He grinned, and they stepped toward the street to find a taxi.

 * * *