 I met my new girlfriend Kirsty while away on business. Kirsty worked as my waitress at the hotel I was staying in. Long story short we were flirting throughout my meal and ended up meeting up at a bar after she finished work. We hit it off great, we have lots in common and we ended up in my room afterwards. 

 Once we got to my room she immediately stripped naked and fished my cock out and started blowing me. I have never had such a good blowjob in my life, she was a freak. It was as if I was watching porn she was that good. I mean I have a decent 9" when hard and she took it all to the hilt. Once I got over the shock and excitement of all this happening I studied her naked body in its glory. Kirsty is 23. Blonde. She was around 5,4". She had an athletic body, which later I found out she played soccer. She had nice firm C cups with cute nipple piercings, but her best feature was her amazing toned yet squeezable ass. 

 She sucked me for a while longer until she felt it was time to get down to business. She pushed me on to the bed and fed my cock into her and started riding me. Blowjobs wasn't the only thing she was great at. She rode me for only about 10 minutes and I embarrassingly told her I was close. All that did was make her work harder and I came within a minute. 

 After we cooled down we just laid in bed talking. I told her I was sorry for coming too early, but she laughed and said she was surprised that I didn't come from the blowjob, so don't worry. We then started talking about fantasies and so on while we were nursing our mini bar drinks. I told her I liked public sex. She really seemed into that and she told me hers. Kirsty didn't just give me one thing, she kept going with lots of different fantasies. To name a few, spanking, public nudity, so many different role playing scenarios and even anal. I thought she was a bit of a freak before, but this blew my suspicion out of the water.

 After what I thought would end up being an amazing one night stand on a boring business trip, we gladly stayed in contact and eventually started going out. I lived about a 3 hours drive away, so we took turns on the weekend to meet up. That got boring very quick, but she was worth it. 

 We have been together now for around 6 months and have met each other's family and friends, we all got on great. 

 My buddies thought and told me she was out of my league even in front of her. They loved her and how she just settled into our group right away. They all have great banter together and my buddies know that Kirsty is very gullible and often prank her.

 Kirsty's birthday was coming up she invited me to her birthday meal with her family where she lived. I couldn't make it though as I had to work, but I promised to throw her a party at mine when she comes down for the weekend. 

 My idea of throwing a party was inviting the guys over and just putting some balloons up and getting lots of alcohol. I got a cocktail recipe book and a load of ingredients to make it a bit more fun. I brought a silly drinking game to play too. 

 Once she arrived I immediately gave her gifts to her and showed her what I got for the party. She seemed excited to start making cocktails and told me it was a great idea. I got her 2 gifts, the first one was this rare book from a set she collects and the second was a joke one. She told me she loved the first gift as she was opening her joke one. She burst out laughing and pulled out a little leather paddle. She hugged and thanked me, then went to get dressed. 

 The guys came over as she was changing, we all settled with a beer on the sofa. The three of us grew up together through school and we always had a bit of rivalry between us, always competing at everything. Paul was my gym buddy, so we constantly tried to out lift each other there. Ryan was a little overweight, but still managed to pull stunning girls. Me and Paul think he must have a huge cock with the girls he gets. 

 The guys flirted with Kirsty all the time, they use her gullible nature to do it mostly. I don't mind harmless flirting between friends. Once Ryan had convinced her that my landlord had forbid women to wear bras in my apartment building. She looked worried and took it off under her tank top as we all laughed. We didn't get to see anything, maybe a bit of side boob. Then I explained that Ryan was just joking and she laughed too whilst punching Ryan in the arm. She didn't put her bra back on that day though, we could all see her nipple piercings through her tank top.

 My buddies then berated Kirsty every time they saw her to show them her piercings. She loves the attention though. She likes to tease too. She would pull down her top to show off her bra and say to them here they are, whilst about to pull her bra cups down but then backing out at the last minute with a sexy smile. My buddies would groan in frustration every time. I have obviously told the guys about how much of a freak she is in the bedroom. That's what guys do. They were jealous and admit that I had found a gem. 

 Kirsty came out of the bedroom and we went silent, taking in her beauty. She wore a sexy short black dress and looked flawless. Paul broke the silence with a wolf whistle. Kirsty just giggled and hugged them hello. They both said happy birthday and then the party was started. I went and made a batch of cocktails, which Kirsty chose out of the book earlier, and left them to chat.

 I came back in and handed them all their drinks as Kirsty was in the middle of telling the guys what she got for her birthday. She then showed them her new paddle I got her. They both grinned and Paul asked had it been broke in yet. Kirsty said not yet but hopefully soon then winked at me. She is so hot!

 A couple hours of drinking and playing the silly drinking game later we were all pretty drunk. The drinking game was pretty much a drink trivia game, get a question wrong, you drink a shot. If you got 3 correct in a row, you earn a dare. We were pretty terrible to be honest and Ryan was the only one to earn a dare. 

 I had a feeling I knew who he was going to dare and also an idea of what it will be. I was right. He dared Kirsty to show us all her nipple piercings. She looked at me for either a way out or permission, I didn't know which, I was wasted. I just shrugged in the end hoping that's the acknowledgment she wanted. It must of been as she smiled and slid down each dress strap and pulled down the top of the dress baring her amazing tits and her cute peircings. She held it down for only about 3 seconds and then pulled her dress back in place. The guys jaws were still dropped for a while after the flash. Then Paul started a mock round of applause. The guys then complimented her beautiful boobs and how much they loved the peircings. 

 Kirsty was blushing at first but the compliments soaked in and she was in her element. Kirsty wanted another batch of cocktails, so I went and started making them. Whilst in the kitchen I could hear the guys trying to pull a prank, playing on her gullibility. They kept saying that in this town it was a local law that anyone who had a birthday here must receive a birthday spanking. I thought that even she wasn't that gullible and started using the blender. I laughed in the back of my head at the thought of her fooling for it. 

 Once I turned the blender off, I immediately felt butterflies at what I could hear. I quickly but quietly looked out of the kitchen and around the corner to see my girlfriend bent over Pauls lap. He struck her ass over her dress with her new paddle I had brought her. Kirsty yelped, but I knew it was playful and she was turned on. 

 Ryan then pulled her onto his lap saying he will do the other half of her spanking. He took the paddle and then I saw him give a little signal and a wink to Paul. He then said to Kirsty that the second half of a birthday spanking is always bare in this town. He pulled her dress up and over her ass and immediately pulled her thong panties down to her knees. He then started the paddling without any type of complaint from Kirsty. Her bare ass made such a sexy sound when the leather paddle struck. Her yelps or moans were so hot I was as hard as a rock. I'm pretty sure the guys must be as hard too.

 He soon finished the spanking and she pulled her dress down before getting up, protecting her modesty. Then pulled her panties back up under her dress without flashing anything. She thanked them for her birthday spanking claiming she will have words with me later, saying I would of let her brake the law. I laughed and quickly realised I was perving on my own girlfriend. 

 I went and quickly finished the drinks and handed them out, saying I messed a batch up and had to start over. I don't know why I was making excuses for witnessing my friends spanking my girlfriend, I guess I felt embarrassed for not stopping it, but I couldn't exactly go in and stop it with a massive hard on tenting my pants.

 I asked if I missed anything, expecting Kirsty to play it cool and act like nothing out of the ordinary had gone on. But she surprised me and told me exactly everything that had happened, leaving me to go a bit red blushing. The guys just laughed and tried to play it down as a joke gone too far. 

 Kirsty then realised they had pulled another prank and giggled. She went over to them both and slapped their wrists in jest. She exclaimed it really did go too far as she lifted her dress exposing her perfect glowing red ass in her black thongs, then letting the dress drop again. She then asked me did I know they spanked her bare too, even pulling down her thong. She was teasing them trying to get them in trouble with me. I should be mad, but I wasn't. I just made a joke saying it's saved me a job of spanking her later.

 The guys looked relieved I wasn't angry. Kirsty didn't let it drop though. I think she was more annoyed at me for not being mad. She pressed on saying maybe the guys should take her into the bedroom and give her birthday sex saving me a job later. 

 The guys were playing along too, saying they would be happy to do that for a friend. Paul the cocky prick even sat next to Kirsty on the sofa and put his arm around her, then started to whisper in her ear. She giggled and nodded whilst never taking her eyes off me. It started to piss me off now. Kirsty then slapped his thigh telling him he was naughty, but still listened to his whispers. 

 Kirsty then stood up and took Paul by the hand and led him to the bedroom and closed the door behind them. Ryan looked a bit awkwardly at me as if saying are you going to let this happen. I sat there dazed and didn't really know what to do, I was pissed off, but hard and horny as hell. 

 I could hear giggling and creaking coming from behind the door, then the moans started to come. I had enough of this now and stormed into my bedroom. It was dark and I could see their clothes on the floor. I turned the light on and they were just laying next to each other in bed laughing. I was confused. 

 "We got you!" They both cheered.

 Kirsty explained that Paul asked her if she finally wanted to be a pranker when he was whispering to her back on the sofa. She was so proud of herself. I just stood there shocked but relieved. Ryan was killing himself with laughter.

 Eventually I started laughing too, I didn't want to spoil her first prank. I admitted to her she really got me good. She looked thrilled to finally have pulled a prank. I then remembered their clothes on the floor and they appeared naked under the covers. I asked her outright if they were naked. She giggled more and said don't be silly, she has her panties on. She told me she had to make it look real. 

 Paul announced he better be going and got out of bed exposing his fully erect cock. It was about the same length as mine, but the thickness was impressive. I asked him why was he naked. He laughed and said he thought that was the plan, but got it wrong. He got dressed, then him and Ryan both left. 

 I stripped and got in bed with Kirsty immediately checking she did have her panties on still, which to my relief she did. She teased me for falling for the prank, but then asked why it had taken me so long to come to the bedroom. I admitted it was just shock but left the part of me being hard out. She then told me it's a good job I did come in when I did because Paul kept rubbing his huge cock against me. The word huge didn't go unnoticed by me. She said they were meant to just go to their underwear but he took it one step further. He apparently tried to convince her to take her panties off to make it look more real, but even she didn't fall for it. 

 She started jacking me off whilst asking me if I saw how big Paul was. She took off her thongs and got on top and started to ride me. She slowed down every now and then, asking me if I was mad that they spanked her, or that she flashed or that she sucked Paul's cock. I said no to all the questions in an attempt for her to keep fucking me. 

 Then I realised what she just said. I asked her did she just say she sucked Paul's cock. She moaned yes, she explained it was only for a minute to wet his cock to make it look like he had entered her. She said it was his idea. She thought I would have seen it was wet when he got out of bed as she really gave it to him sloppy. I couldn't hold on much longer, I came deep inside. She went down on me right after, as one of her kinks she liked was cleaning up the mess. She came back up and thanked me for a great party and drifted off. 

 I thought back how crazy the night had been. I should be mad at Paul, but I don't blame him really, Kirsty is crazy hot and we were all drunk. I drifted off soon after thinking how can someone be so gullible as Kirtsy. Hopefully she won't get caught out too much in the future.