 What a day! I had started early in the morning in the hope that I could get through my work and catch the early flight back to London but the fates were against me and, as meetings dragged on, I knew that I would not only miss the early flight, I would also miss the later one as well. II would be stuck in Prague for another night.

Since my divorce two years previously, I had buried myself in my work as an IT consultant and taken jobs that many others would have shunned at my age. Being away from home for weeks on end is no fun if you have a wife and family to go home to, but at 45 I did not have those worries so the opportunity to travel and be away from my small little house outside London was attractive. And the money was good as well!

So when I eventually completed my work, I phoned the Hilton who were looking after my bags and asked if I could stay another night. No problem said the girl on the Executive Club desk “We will put your bags into Room 815 – you can collect the pass-card from me when you get back. We will also phone the airline and get you on tomorrow’s flight.” Now that’s what I call service, it may cost more, but then it is often worth it, especially at times like these.

So I returned to the hotel, picked up my pass and went to my room to shower and wash away the stress and strain of a very full day. Refreshed, I dressed in a polo neck and slacks and thought about what to do with my extra time. I was not hungry (courtesy of the lavish lunch the client had bought) but was still feeling too tired to go out. So it was the Executive Club lounge for me and a quiet drink and catch up on the news reading the paper.

I settled into one of the nice leather armchairs and started to sip my large gin and tonic which the not unattractive girl had brought for me. I picked up the paper and started to read all the business news, glancing up from time to time to look at CNN on the TV in the corner. I was in my own little world until I heard a noise and then felt a cold damp feeling on my foot.

“Oh shit, I’m so sorry.”

I looked up and into the attractive face of a woman. We both looked down to see what had been my half-full drink, slowly seep into the carpet. “I just didn’t see your drink there and I was reaching to get a paper and …….” “Well I am just so sorry” Her face was flushed as she offered her second apology, a colour which enhanced her face, framed by dark hair cut into a soft bob. Her big brown eyes looked at me and then downwards to accentuate her apology. I would guess her age to be early to mid thirties, attractive rather than beautiful but with a warm look which would put anybody at their ease.

“Don’t worry about it” I eventually pulled myself together to say, “It is me who should apologise, I was so lost in my paper that I did not even notice you sit down in the chair next to me.”

“Well I didn’t want to disturb you. You looked totally engrossed and, well, I thought I could reach the paper and then…. Look I am so sorry” A hint of a smile came across her face and she sat back into her leather armchair. “Really, it’s not a problem, look lets each get a fresh drink from the waitress and say no more about it.” “What’s your poison then?” I asked, trying to look as sincere as possible, hoping that I could put down the paper and enjoy a nice chat which did not involve work.

“Vodka and tonic I think” was the reply. I hailed the waitress, placed the order and turned back to look into those lovely brown eyes. “So what brings you to Prague then?” I asked hoping that it did not seem like the worst chat-up line ever.

“Oh I am here to put together a conference for my company; we are looking at this hotel as a possible venue. How about you?”

“Oh I am working for one of the local banks, helping them design their new IT system”

The conversation started to flow, I found out she was new in her job, this was her first major assignment on her own and she was getting stressed out, hoping she was doing all the right things and covering ever angle required. I told her about my work in the bank, we had another round of drinks, we talked some more and then after we had ordered our third round of drinks she suddenly said:

“Here we are chatting away and I don’t even know your name. I’m Anne”

“Nice to meet you Anne” I said with a broad grin on my face “I’m Will” (oh how I hated being called Bill or, even worse, William).

“Back in a moment” she said rising from her chair, “I must go to the little girl’s room.”

I watched her walk across the room – the first time that I had looked at anything much more than her face, although I had already made a mental note of the lack of a wedding ring on her left hand. She had a soft sensual way of walking, just a slight sway of the hips which showed off her trim figure. She wore a business suit over a nice cream buttoned blouse– all very feminine but quite formal. When she returned the suit jacket and skirt had gone and she now wore a pair of jeans which accentuated her slim frame and long legs. I also noticed (or had I just failed to notice earlier) that the blouse now had one more button undone revealing, as she sat down, a glimpse of the top of her breasts. Not that she was well endowed; they were of medium size perhaps a B cup?

Our drinks arrived and we continued chatting. I no longer felt tired and the time went all too rapidly to the point where the staff announced that the bar was closing as it was midnight!

“One for the road, to take back to our rooms?” I ventured. She smiled and said that she had probably had enough and ought to retire. So we left the lounge together and walked into the hallway.

“I’m this way” she said pointing down the left-hand corridor. “Snap” I replied and started to walk slowly towards room 815. We both stopped at my door and hers, as we now found out that we were neighbours, Anne having the room opposite mine.

“I envy you” she said “a room with a view. Mine faces into the atrium”

“It is quite a view” I said and, seizing my chance, added “care to have a look? It is a clear night”

With only a slight hesitation she nodded and followed me into my room. Thank goodness I had tidied up ready for tomorrow’s departure. She walked slowly over to the window and looked out over the lights of Prague. “Are you sure I can’t tempt you to another drink?”

She turned, smiled and in almost a whisper said “OK if you are joining me” I turned to the ice bucket (so thoughtfully filled with ice by the chambermaid) dropped several cubes into tall glasses and then poured miniatures of gin and vodka into the glasses and topped them up with tonic. I walked over to join Anne, handing her the glass of vodka and tonic and stood looking out over her shoulder at the night sky.

“Beautiful isn’t it?” she said. “Yes” I replied “very beautiful” and added, desperately trying not to sound too trite “and even better from my viewpoint.”

She turned and looked into my face and, like in a dream, our lips slowly closed the gap between us and we kissed. Just a soft kiss, slight pressure was all that was needed, our tongues touched briefly before we slowly parted. I brought my arms slowly up to hold her gently, enjoying the softness of her body, the smell of her perfume. She leaned in towards me as I lowered my head to her hair, slowly moving so that my lips grazed her ear, before lightly planting little kisses on her neck. I felt her shiver slightly and sought to draw her closer. I reached forward and placed my drink on the windowsill; she placed hers alongside and settled back against me. My cock started to stir and she must have felt it begin to press against her rear as it started to harden.

“Perhaps I should be going” she said but not moving away from me. 

“I don’t think either of us wants that” I whispered into her ear, before I gently traced the outline of her earlobe with my tongue. Again that shiver. I brought my hands around her, before moving them up her arms in a light caress. A sigh, and then a slight movement backwards letting her weight press herself back against my body as her head came back to rest on my shoulders. My hands continued their caress, down her sides and then back around in front, tracing a path to her breasts. Lightly grazing over the sheer material of her blouse and the texture of her bra beneath. My hands shaking slightly as they met at the opening of her blouse. I started to slowly open the buttons, working downwards until I reached the top of her jeans, and then slowly moving upwards again, touching her warm skin; onwards until they encountered her lace bra. My fingers now traced the edge of the cups. They were just lace really, covering her wonderful breasts, offering the merest support. 

Then slowly, placing soft kisses on her ears and neck, I worked my fingers inside the cups until I could feel her hard little nipples. I started to caress them, running my fingers over the firm flesh. A deep sigh escaped her and she pressed herself backwards against my groin, rubbing my now hard cock.

“So nice” was all she said – what she was referring to I knew not, but my hands continued their sensual caress of her body. The most important thing to me at that moment was to see her body, unwrap it like a special present.

My fingers reluctantly left her breasts to return to her jeans. I popped the fastener at the top and slowly lowered the zip. Gently tugging her blouse free, I reached up and started to pull the blouse free of her shoulders. My lips kissed her shoulders as her soft skin was revealed, I moved back slightly to enable the blouse to fall from her shoulders and down her arms to the floor. I looked at her reflection in the window – she looked beautiful her eyes closed. I undid her bra clasp and moved to hold her breasts in my hands before lifting her bra away to reveal two fine firm breasts each topped by small hard nipples which stood proud of her body. I looked at her reflection again as I started to caress those breasts pinching the hard nipples between thumb and forefinger. Now planting more urgent kisses on her shoulder and neck, I used my teeth to nibble gently at her flesh. I released one hand to slowly start to push her jeans down her body, over her taut ass and down her legs. A matching lace G string came into view. She helped me by moving her body to help her jeans fall to her ankles where she slowly stepped out of them before returning to lean back against my body. My fingers traced the outline of her g string, rubbing across her pussy to feel the dampness which was already there. Then dipping under the material to trace her pussy lips before nestling into the fold at the top of her slit to start a gentle but firm circular caress of her clit.

Her response was immediate. As I felt her pussy lips open to my caress, she started to move against the hardness in my groin. Her breathing quickened and I felt her pussy spasm slightly. Then again. She let out a long breath and then turned to face me, a warm smile across her face.

“This is hardly fair” she said “here I am naked in the arms of a man who I have just met and he is still fully dressed”

She stepped back and took the hem of my polo neck in her hands and slowly pulled it up over my head. “Mmmm” she said “you look after yourself” her hands brushed over my upper body “ Now lets see what has been pressing into my bum for the past 15 minutes”.

She released the belt of my slacks, dropped the zip and pushed them down my legs. Then her fingers hooked into the waistband of my boxers and slowly pushed them down, taking my dick with them so that when it passed the point of no-return it sprang back up. She wrapped her long fingers around my now very hard six inches. “Mmmmm” she said again as she slowly sang to her knees pushing my clothing down to my ankles with her hands as she went. Now in line with my cock she blew air over the head before taking it back into her hand, to stroke it and pull back my foreskin to reveal the purple head. Her tongue snaked out to touch the tip, to circle it and lick away the generous amount of pre-cum that was leaking out. Then her mouth enveloped me, using her lips to hold me tightly, she stroked my cock with her mouth, her tongue playing along the sensitive underneath. I nearly shot my load there and then, but I managed to retain some control as she continued to give me one of the best blow jobs of my life. Her touch was wonderful – she was obviously an expert – but I wanted to taste her. I gently held her head and withdrew my cock then lifted her to her feet to kiss her. I cold taste me on her lips. “Wasn’t I any good?” she sighed. “Oh Yes you were wonderful. Almost too good but I don’t want to cum in your mouth. At least not yet.” 

I laid her back onto the bed and bent my head down between her thighs to look at her wonderful pussy. As my lips neared their goal her hands came to the sides of my head and held me to face her. 

“No I need you now,” she whispered. “Please just fuck me, I need to feel you inside my body just as you want to be inside me”

I moved up on the bed to kiss her again. Our tongues fought a dual in her mouth as her hand came down to grasp my cock and guide it to her waiting pussy lips. The head of my cock made contact with her pussy and slowly started to sink in.

“Be gentle with me, it has been some time.” The shock of this statement did not have time to sink in as my cock moved slowly into her soft warm channel. A beautiful woman like this should not be without loving – had the men of the world gone mad? The thought went out of my head as quickly as it had entered; my cock now started to rule my thoughts. She was so deliciously tight; I could feel her vagina cling to me as I pressed my full length home. As our pubic hair touched I revelled in the feel of this lovely woman who had let me into her body. Her face looked radiant, her nipples stood out taught from her breasts as I slowly withdraw until just my cock head remained in her body. Then I slide back into that hot wet tunnel. I tried to be as gentle as possible but my need to love this woman took over my actions and I started to fuck into her with increased speed.

“Ohhhh yes please take me; fuck me; you feel so good” her cries were faint but audible she pulled me down against her body and thrust her hips upwards to meet my increasingly strong thrusts. Her nails dug into my back as she started to thrash beneath me as I levered my cock into her, trying to reach different parts of her pussy as I continued to fuck into her sweet body. I pushed back from the bed to support my weight on my arms and alter the angle of attack on her pussy. My cock now started to bang against her clit as I pistoned in and out of her, bringing her closer and closer to climax and release. I could feel my own cum starting to boil deep inside me. I was close and so was she.

“Fuck me make me cum” she yelled into my ear as I picked up more speed, pummelling her pussy harder until, at last I felt her body spasm deep inside her, her pussy clenched itself around my prick and she let out a deep moan as I felt her pussy juice run around my prick and out of her body.

“YES” was all I could say as I let fire what seemed like a huge amount of cum deep in her clenching pussy. I shot another load, as she spasmed again, gripping me even harder inside her. I drove into her one last time and let fly with another huge dollop of sperm before collapsing beside her, sweat running off of me to meet the moisture all over her body. Neither of us spoke for some minutes, our breathing slowly returning to normal. I looked into her face. Those big beautiful brown eyes slowly opened and her lips widened into a lovely smile.

“Phew. That was wonderful Will, I have never cum like that before. I feel so full, so …….” There was no need for further words. I took her into my arms and covered us with the quilt.

“You were pretty wonderful yourself” I replied “I did not know that sex that good was for real”. We both smiled at each other, the look of two sated lovers and drifted off to sleep.

I am not sure how long we were asleep but, it was still dark when I felt a delicious sensation in my groin. My cock was hard again and enveloped in Anne’s lovely mouth. She looked up at me “You still owe me this” was all she said before lowering her head down and enveloping my prick once again. This lady had a real talent and the feel of her mouth engulfing my prick brought me fully awake with no other thought on my mind but to lay back and enjoy the sensations.

Her tongue danced over my prick, licking along the sides and then the tip running around under the crown to slowly take in the head and pull me in so it banged against the top of her throat. Her fingers were also busy gently stroking the sides of my prick or fondling my sensitive balls. She would lift my prick and run her tongue down the underside of the shaft to lick around each ball and the sensitive area behind. And when she started to massage my anus with the tip of her finger as she simultaneously sucked my prick into her mouth, I thought I would explode. She gripped my prick at its base to stop me cumming and then, when the tension subsided a little, she took me back up there again by pressing her finger into my back passage while pulling my prick taught, holding the crown gently between her teeth.

Several times she brought me to point of cumming only to slow down and wait until I retained some degree of self control. Eventually however there was no stopping the inevitable, with her finger working magic in my back page and her tongue encircling the head of my prick I announced my imminent release. She held my cock in her open mouth, stroked me several times and then held her tongue under the head as I let fly a salvo of cum into her mouth. I bucked again and another lot shot into the roof of her mouth. A final spurt missed her mouth and shot onto her face. I fell back against the bed and watched as she took my cream into her throat and swallowed. Cum ran down her nose and cheek and she reached up to take each drop onto her fingers and place them onto her tongue and then into her mouth. Her tongue came out again to gently lap the last remaining droplet of cum from the end of my very sensitive prick.

“Wow” she eventually said “that was worth the wait. You cum so well and taste so nice. Nobody has ever cum like that for me.

“Nobody has ever given me oral like that” I meekly replied pulling her back up to me. We kissed and I could taste my cum on her lips and tongue – a new experience for me and one which in the context of our lovemaking felt so right. “See I even saved a little for you” she added with a cheeky grin.

I kissed her again, letting my lips trail from hers down her neck, across her chest to take each nipple in turn into my mouth. I sucked them in an imitation of the way she had sucked my cock, gently using my teeth to stimulate the little buds until they grew to their full hardness and sensitivity. “I am sorry they are so small” she whispered “but you are making them feel so alive.” “They are perfect; I would not want to change anything about them.”

I continued my oral caress of her breasts and nipples while my hands reached down to caress her pussy already open and awake to my caress. My fingers traced the outline of her lower lips, exploring the wet folds of her before seeking the hard little nub of her clit. I caressed it with my thumb as my fingers played a little dance just inside her opening. “Ohhhhhh yes … please you have such a wonderful touch” Her words of encouragement were not needed, this was a labour of love.

I used one finger to gently probe inside her opening, keeping my thumb grazing over her clit as I entered into her. Her pussy opened to my touch and I easily sank the finger deep inside her. She started to move on the bed, arching her hips upwards as if to spear herself on my digit of press her clit against my thumb. I withdrew the finger and taking two fingers slowly slide them back inside her. She moved to accommodate the extra thickness and then started to buck again forcing my fingers deeper inside. I opened the two fingers to caress the inner walls of her womb, searching for the G spot, as if to try and caress her clit from the inside as well the outside. “Ohhh yes “ barely audible this time “More please.” I continued to move my fingers inside her, as she shifted around opening her thighs wider the better to accommodate my digits. My mouth reluctantly left her breasts so that I could bend lower and flick her clit with my tongue. She was moving urgently now, her juice was running down my fingers and onto her thighs. I slowly pulled my fingers out from within her to an audible sigh of disappointment. A sigh which turned to an excited note of concern when I slowly started to push three bunched fingers into her wet pussy.
