 Identical twins Aiden and Adam have always gotten along pretty well. They considered each other best friends always spending time together, although recently Adam the older twin by 1 minute recently had his start-up company hit it big so he was rarely home these days. 

Aiden was spending his time at home working as a journalist for a local newspaper, allowing him to work from home in peace and quiet. Adam doesn't believe in labeling his relationship with Racheal his unlabeled female partner of sexual activities for the past three years spends the night when Adam comes home. 

Tonight Aiden couldn't sleep so he opens the fridge and notices a note on a sandwich that reads "Do Not Eat Me!" which of course might as well say "for Aiden, please enjoy" he unwraps it to discover a ham and cheese sandwich and pours himself a cup of milk sitting down to eat his brothers lunch for tomorrow.

He took a bite and noticed it tasted off but not really being able to put his finger on it he took another bite "ugh what is this" he muffles with his mouth full. He opens the sandwich to see spoiled ham and cheese, in ketchup the letters "HAHA 4-1" written inside. 

He spits it out in the sink, no amount of milk or water takes the sourness from his mouth. "He's going to pay big time for that," he says laughing. Adam got him pretty good but tomorrow is April fools and he's not going to miss his chance at revenge. 

Aiden gathered a couple of items for his prank, he knew Adam always blow dried his hair in the mornings so he filled his hair dryer with powdered sugar, a quick-thinking replacement for the baby powder that would have worked better but fuck it. 

Next, he put chili powder on the hand towel next to the sink knowing he would grab it to wipe his eyes with it. He was not going to miss this for anything so he goes to bed, leaving his bedroom door open to hear when Adam heads to the shower. 

A loud pitch scream comes from the bathroom the next morning "Oh fuck, is that Rachael?!" Aiden runs to look out the window, "Fuck, Adams car is gone! Fuck, fuck, fuck!" He walks down the hall and hears Rachael scream again "Uggghhh MY EYES!!" Her scream louder than before. 

Aiden begins to panic but doesn't know what to say and sees Rachael opening the door and Aiden's jaw drops. She is completely covered in powdered sugar from her big 36 DD breasts to her tight pussy, her tits look delicious and Aiden feels his cock get hard.

"Fuck, where are the towels," Racheal says eyes shut as she waives her arms blindly searching for the linen closet. 

Aiden stands tall against the wall avoiding her as she passes by slowly when her hand lands on something hard. She grabs it until she realizes what it was and she gasps.

Aiden, freaking out, this is as hard as he has been in a long time and without thinking, he grabs both of her arms and pins her against the wall making her breast bounce, "Fuck what am I doing?" he thinks, but Rachael lets out a soft moan that only fed his desire for her.

Her nipples were hard and calling out to him. Kneeling, he begins to lick off the powder sugar from her nipples. The sweet taste took over any resistance he had as he began to suck and bite on them. 

She bucked her hips, moaning in pleasure, letting go of her arms he began to explore her body. He gripped her hips as he buried his face between her breasts, the warmth and sweetness were driving him insane. There was no turning back from here, he was intoxicated by her.

He picked her up throwing her petite body over his shoulder and she let out a gasp louder than the last. "Fuck, that's cold!!" She yelped as he placed her naked ass on the kitchen counter. The rain outside was pounding as fast as his heartbeat. 

He wiped her eyes with a wet towel "No, please, it's just making it worse" Rachael cried out spreading her legs open just enough for Aiden to see her pussy. He pulled her hips towards his face taking a big lick up and down, his rough dry tongue took in her taste as she moaned scratching his back.

Hearing her and Adam go at it for the past three years tormenting him until he jacked off to the rhythm of her screaming in pleasure fueled his desire to finally make her scream louder for him.

She wrapped her legs around his neck as she leaned back allowing him full view of her hypnotic body. He began to lick and suck the powder sugar from her pussy lips "OOoh Adam, please don't stop" she begged. She didn't know it was Aiden and he damn well wasn't going to stop not until he tasted all her beauty. "Mmmmm Adam, where did you learn to do that" she cried helplessly as he pinched her clit with his fingers as he tongue fucked her tight pussy. 

His tongue expanding inside of her made her scream but not loud enough. His mind went into competition mode and his goal was to make her scream louder than his brother had made her scream. It was wrong yet so fucking hot to see her so provocative laying back, legs spread just for him. 

He felt her thighs begin to quiver as she released her sweet cum on him driving him mad. His rock hard cock throbbed for release as she sits up still closing her eyes tightly he pats her eyes with the cloth again and she reaches for his hand, holding it making him nervous, she didn't say anything but a small smile formed on her lips. 

Spreading her legs open she inserts two fingers into her pussy and pulls it out. Her cum soaked fingers are wet and she feeds it to him as he slowly begins to suck her sweet nectar off her fingers and leans in to kiss her. 

Her lips were sweet from the sugar and her cum mixing together evoking their desire for each other. "You are making me so wet" She managed to say, stopping for air as they explored each others body. He pinched her nipples making her scream. 

Picking her up he threw her over his shoulder, spanking her ass and licking her sweet juices off his palm made his cock heavy. 

He slipped a finger inside her pussy and she giggled "I love your big hands on my body" she whispered catching her breath between each pump of his finger as he switched to two fingers, then three, her screams were louder in the hallway and the echoes vibrated on his cock making it swell and he let out a loud groan. 

He threw her on his bed as she gasp in excitement. He reached for his silk blindfold and placed them over her eyes "Mmmm I didn't take you as a kinky guy" her voice soft panting for air. She was horny also willing to be taken any way he pleased and Aiden could smell her hunger for him as she crawled and laid across his lap, ass in the air he began to spank her pulling her long hair with his other hand. 

Each slap made her round ass clap, encouraging him for more. On his night stand he spotted his ruler he used for work and smacked her ass hard with it. 

It drove her insane, her ass turned an apple red color and he bent over taking a bite of her ass cheek, she flipped over to give her ass a break, her pussy now exposed and he whacked her lips hard sending a wave of pleasure through her body she never felt before. He let out a primal groan and she knew he wasn't done with her yet. 

Lifting her body she straddled him, his cock began to twitch as he caught sight of her bright red pussy and swollen clit. "Mmmmm it's sooo sensitive now" she sighed. He put his hand on her throat firmly, exciting her as he began to slide his hungry cock into her tight pussy, her muscles wrapped tightly onto his big cock making him growl bitting down on her nipples. 

Each movement made her breast bounce on his face, he was lost in the way her body moved as he thrusted into her. Her body began to shudder as her orgasm rushed over her, scratching his chest he groaned as it sent tingles all over his body, making him fuck her harder. 

He flipped her over folding her arms back, locking her in place she lay face down quickly getting into position placing her ass directly on his cock. He slapped her pussy with his cock and then rammed it deep inside her tight asshole "Ohh Fuck, Yes, I need to be fucked rough!" He had never heard her scream like that before and it drove him over the edge pumping faster and harder, her rhythm matching his. 

She slid tightly on his cock, fucking her ass and making her cum over and over she collapsed, his hot cum drooled out of her ass and he began to lick her clean. "Mmmmm so naughty" she moaned as another orgasm came over her. 

Aiden heard a car pull up and began to panic when he realized it was already 4:30. He quickly picked Rachael up without saying anything and rushed her to the bathroom. 

He turned the shower on and turned to her taking her naked fucked body in one last time as she lean in to whisper "I really needed to get fucked like that Aiden, just thinking about it makes me wet again." He takes the blindfold off and she leans in to kiss him, sucking on his lip and biting down.

The door knob turns and he runs to his room closing the door behind him as Adam opens the front door. Adam knocks on the bathroom door and goes in, soon after Racheals begins to scream making his cock hard he begins to jack off, her sweet scent of her pussy still on his face. "April fools Adam," he thinks right before cuming all over himself.