 "Keep your eyes up, freshman!" That's what my life has come down to, hasn't it? Just being another freshman in a sea of frightened, twiggy underclassmen. Terrific: flippin' fantastic. When had my entire life been determined by what year of college I'm in?

The minute I joined fencing is what did it.

I slip the mask from my sweaty, matted head. I just let my opponent score a point off me, so naturally Captain is going to be on my case. This maybe only a practice, but with a tournament, he's going to be a nightmare in knee highs. Fuckin' psycho...

But damn does he know how to turn me on!

Jamie is the definition of the knight in shining armor in the fencing world; sharp sky blue eyes, naturally dark skin (considering he's half Irish... seems pretty impressive to me), cropped dark hair that flares at the edges; at least 5'10 with broad shoulders and muscular arms. When he holds his blade, he makes opponents tremble. That's why in his sophomore year, he is undefeated and unmatched as the Captain of our State school's fencing team.

And I also hear he is a fantastic fuck.

I admit I'm not perfect; I'm not petit or bizarrely shaped like other girls (or at least the girls in these kinds of stories). I have a curvy figure, about 5'6" with long-athletic legs and a slight tan from the summer. I have long hair that curls on its own and soft grey eyes. My most outstanding feature? My 40D tits. Not freakishly huge, not modestly small; a real handful of pillowy flesh that made all my boyfriends in the past drool.

But I wasn't thinking of them now, was I? I have my eyes set on that sexy, son-of-a-bitch. God, how I wanted him! And sometimes I feel he wants me too; like when his eyes would linger on my legs when I wore short-shorts to practice: or when he grabs my shoulders and leans in close to help me with my stance and grip. God, his breath and cologne make me shiver... There had to be a way to get him as mine!

Great, now practice is over! I pick up my towel and zip open my jacket. My friends in club make fun of me because I always seem to have barely any clothes on. I have tiny blue shorts and an almost sheer white tee shirt with a graphic design of the Singapore Merlion. My nipples seemed a little harder than normal and were trying to "come out and play" for everyone. Depressing, isn't it? I go to the closet to hang the jacket up with all the others, just as everyone else was saying good night and heading out to dinner, Christ do college kids eat a lot...

I almost got it on the hook, tiptoeing up to reach the rack that is inches above my hand. All of a sudden, a hand covers mine and helps me guide it upwards and sets it on my rack for me. My head turns abruptly and my eyes match the ones I've been longing for: Jamie is holding my hand... In a tiny closet... Alone... Holy crap this is too perfect! Almost bizarrely perfect... God his eyes are so heated-looking right now... "Jules, I heard your roommate kicked you out for the night."

Not like that isn't true: her boyfriend is up for the weekend and she is in desperate need of some "alone time." The tragic news is I have no place to crash. I lick my thin pink lips as he boors me with his gorgeous eyes. "Yeah... Kinda sucky for me, huh?"

"You know..." he retracted his hand from mine, his eyes half closed in almost a hazy sort of look. I give out to a shiver that is creepy-crawling down my spine. "You could stay with me. My roommate went out for the night and won't be back till the next day, so I have an extra bed..."

"Oh, J-Jamie I don't think I want to burden you with something so—!" but before I could finish, he presses a finger to my lips and silences me. 

"I insist. Come by in an hour and I'll have you all set." 

...Holy crap I've hit the freakin' jackpot! This is just like a lottery winning... If lottery including finally seducing Jamie. I nearly run like a lunatic to my dorm, change my clothes and try to pick out the sexiest things I could possibly go to bed in... My roommate thought I had gone crazy. But who gave a fuck; I am gonna fuck the guy of my dreams! I throw everything I'd need in the morning into my backpack and practically bolt out the door again.

My heart is in my throat coming to his dorm building. I want to hide almost, but I can't go back from this. I almost fall over when someone sneaks up on me and offers to open the door for me. My steps echo in the hallway and I come closer and closer to destiny. I hope I came to the right door, because my knuckles barely make a sound when I knock on it. But once the deed is done, the door swings open and I feel a tight grip on my wrist, pulling me in quickly before slamming the door again. I drop my bag and get pinned to the door by a very sultry looking Jamie. My mouth goes dry as his lips crash to mine with a deep, almost painful kiss. I try not to moan, but his tongue roughly invading my mouth makes it nearly impossible. When he finally releases my lips he's growling again. "Fuckin' lil' cock tease... How long did you intend on making me wait to have you?"

I didn't get to answer, his lips are kissing me again. His hands are running down my back and grabbing tightly to my ass, making me give a little noise into his eager mouth. He stops kissing me briefly to attach to the exposed skin of my neck, giving my knees a chance to buckle and for a low groan to erupt in my throat. It was like he knew just how to tease me; gently licking, biting and kissing my sensitive skin while squeezing my lower cheeks in his hands. I try to squirm a little to touch him, but he continuously pins me, making my chance to return the favor pretty impossible. Eventually, I let out just enough of a whimper to plead with him. "J-Jamie... Please get me off this door... I wanna be able to fuck you hard and—!"

That seemed to give him the idea and I practically get throw to his bed. My breath quickens as he gets right back on top of me, kissing my neck and moving his head downwards. Now my hands can reach all over him: tracing the curves of his back, touching his legs and going up front to his chest. God, his heart is going so fast! I can't believe the both of us waited this long... I let out a small gasp as he rips my shirt open; exposing the lacy sheer bra I had decided to wear upon coming here. His mouth looks like its watering in lust and delight. He traces his finger over it, almost purring as I shiver and feel my nipples harden. "Fuck Jules... They're as big as I thought... they look so juicy I can barely think of how you keep them all tucked in when you're fencing with me..."

His fingers trace to my back to find the hook, ripping it open and sliding my bra down my arms. Once my chest is fully exposed, he greedily takes one of the hard buds into his mouth and starts to feverishly suck on them. I let out a loud moan and twist a little underneath him. I think I'm gonna die of pleasure! He's good at this! I feel my body give in more as he twists my other nipple between his index finger and thumb. His tongue rolls around the now moist pebble and he drags it down to the other one, sucking and twisting in the same slow motions making me scream for him. He stops again and nuzzles my skin, kissing downwards to the Promised Land between my legs. I stop him so I can kiss his sweet lips again, tangling my fingers into his hair and letting him get a moan out. I pull back just long enough to pry his shirt off and kiss his torso, thanking God what a gorgeous sight it is.

Now that we're both shirtless and I have him mildly distracted, I have the advantage point. I shove him hard onto his back, straddling his legs and holding him down. My hips begin to playfully grind down against his, and I'm the one making him squirm this time. I brush my lips over his and whisper hotly. "Damn it, you Bad boy... now you've gone and made me all hot and wet for you. How are you gonna fix that, Jamie? I should show you what I do to bad boys like you..."

My fingers dance around the fly of his jeans, which are being stretched by the hard on he is currently sporting. Part of me wants so chime "oh did I do that?" But I'm too eager to fuck that I don't want to waste this chance. I practically tear open his jeans and slide them down his thighs, which he eagerly helps to kick off while attaching his lips to my neck again. He's got me moaning like a banshee, so I repay him by tracing the bulge in his boxers. Man, rumors in the girl's locker room don't like, this boy has something! He's smirking due to my reaction, carefully running his tongue up my jugular vein, causing my body to shake. "Like it, don't you?"

"Mhmm can't say no to that!" My hand dives in and starts rubbing him feverishly hard. I catch him off guard and am treated to a throaty, loud groan. His hips buck slightly as my hand holds on tightly. Damn this thing is thick! He sure doesn't disappoint a girl... Our lips finally meet again in a frenzied kiss, our tongues moving against each other roughly in a twisted dance of lust. His hands trail down my soft stomach and practically tear my jeans in half. His hands come to the delightful surprise that I pulled out my matching thong as he cups my ass cheeks. His callused hands grope my delicate skin and I groan into his mouth, pulling harder at his piece. He finally catches his breath long enough to shout. "Fuck! I can't take this! I need to see that lil' pussy of yours!"

I end up on my back again, this time my jeans thrown in some corner almost completely exposed. His eyes widen and for the first time I feel my cheeks heat and turn a tint of red. His fingers graze me gently for the first time, hooking to the top of my thong and sliding it down my thighs, to my knees and then ankles. My heart nearly skips a beat when he comes to my perfectly shaved mound. His eyes stare intensely at it, bringing his shaky hand to touch it and make me quiver. His fingers trace the lips, with a surgeon's precision. I feel his eyes at mine this time, telling me that there was no backing out of this now. I stare back at him, knowing there is no way that I would want to back out at this point. He smiles and starts to push the first digit in. I'm so wet it ends up sliding in nicely, moving back and forth making me shiver and whimper his name. With just enough he slides in the second, stretching me out and remarking at how tight I am. Hey, I maybe not be a virgin, but that doesn't make me a total slut. He shoves his fingers in so hard, I suddenly feel him at my g-spot, making my hips shoot up and my throat tighten. "Don't lie to me: How many guys have you fucked?"

The question gets me all embarrassed, making my face turn away from his as I whimper softly. "In truth... I've only had sex two times my entire life..."

This seems to make him smile, pressuring his fingers to my g-spot again giving me a incredible sensation. "Third time's the charm, baby..."

Before I could even get a comment in, his fingers slam up hard again and I squeal in delight. He thrusts them in and out, causing me to breathe harder and beg for him to give me cock instead. He grins at my struggle, sucking on my neck and giving me goose bumps. Finally he pulls out his slick, dripping fingers and sucks them up like they were coated in honey. God, just watching him do that! I prop up on my elbows so I can kiss him, tasting my own juices on his tongue. How much more foreplay do we even need anymore? I think I'm gonna explode if he doesn't fuck me soon! I wretch off his boxers, just to show him in what a rush I'm in and he seems to understand my objective. He pushes my legs open wide, till they're almost spilling out on either side of the bed. I'm looking at his prick for the first time... That's no dick, that's a python I tell you! Fuck! He starts rubbing the tip along my clit, teasing me for all I'm worth. I'm literally crying for it now, begging; "Jamie, please! I need you to fuck me now! Please!"

He positions himself right at the entrance, holding it there. My thighs are literally shaking I'm that desperate. Why the hell is he taking his sweet time?! He looks into my eyes and holds me there. "Tell me you're mine."

I manage a throaty whisper. "I'm yours, Jamie..."

He starts to push some of his swollen hardness in, I groan from being instantly stretched. He stops again. "Tell me you're never going to have sex with anyone else."

"I swear it, Jamie!"

Inch by inch he moves in, stretching me wide and driving me to the edge. God, this is torture! "Tell me you love me, Jules!"

"I love you!" I feel like dying if he keeps doing this to me. "I love you Jamie, and I'm yours! Now and forever I swear!"

That's all he needs to hear, and on that note slams the rest of his dick in. I scream and feel like I'm being broken in half. Oh God! I can't believe this! He doesn't give me any time to recover and pounds away, drilling back and forth deeper in me and making me scream bloody murder. He grabs my breasts and kneads them furiously in his hands, pinching my sensitive tips and occasionally wrapping them with his tongue. All the while my body tenses and I feel a certain familiar warmth in my stomach; I'm not going to last much longer like this. "H-Holy shit Jamie I-I'm gonna..."

My pathetic attempt to tell him I'm close gives him no sign to slow down. He bangs me even harder and I feel my hips jetting up and down onto the mattress. My pussy clenches around him, and I scream once more signaling I'm spent. He grunts a little, swelling himself and getting ready to explode. He holds my face in his hand and kisses me hard, his teeth nipping at my lower lip and growling softly. "I want you to take it all!"

I nod meekly, digging my fingernails into his shoulders and my heels into the bed. All of a sudden I feel the explosion and he fills me up with almost gallons of cum. I literally feel it dripping out of me and spreading to the mattress and our legs. He pants softly, pushing in and out a few more times before collapsing on top of me, resting his face in the crook of my neck and twisting his fingers into my now matted, tangled hair. We just lie in out ecstasy, enjoying the warmth our bodies are creating and relishing in the sin. He lifts himself up a little, so his face is above mine and we stare into each other's eyes. He grins down at me with a dark gaze. "So, ready to go again?"