 She stepped up to him and looking him in the eyes. Told him if wanted to fuck her again he better get Kenny here fast. Then she walked out.

She took a drive out to the cabin, hoping she would run into Kenny. Parking the car by the cabin, and walking over to the rock. Running her hands over the rock thinking about Kenny's cock giving her so much pleasure. A huge gust of wind came up and blew her dress up over the back of her head. Suddenly she felt someone behind her, pressing her into the rock.

"Oh Kenny, is that you?," she moaned softly, turning her head to see him.

She turned in his arms, hugging him to her. Kissing him, and taking his hand she pulled him over to her car. Reaching in for the paper she wrote out, asking him if he would take her to his home so they could talk. He nodded yes and put her into her car and climb in, and drove them to his house. within ten minutes later he pulled into his garage, and the door came down. He helped her from the car and took her inside. His home was beautiful. They sat at the table and she told him what she would like to do.

" After our night together I was wondering if you had some feelings for me." she wrote, he nodded yes he did.

"Dan is mad at me right now cause I wont let him have sex with me. I needed to talk to you, and he has been putting me off. I think he is afraid if I get with you he would never have me again. Kenny do you want me?" she wrote.

"Hell yes, I want to marry you. I know Dan will want you usually, but I want you to be my wife, and have my babies." he wrote.

"Yes, I want to marry you Kenny." she wrote back.

He took her hand and pulled her as he walk towards the back of the house. Pushing open a door he walk in, and she saw a huge round bed, with mirrors on the ceiling, and she moved closer and ran her hand along the soft fur blanket. He sat down and pulled her in front of him, slowly he undressed her. Kissing each part of skin he revealed. When he had her completely naked, he carefully laid her down on the bed and stood up and she watched him as he undressed. He crawled onto the bed, caressing her legs up to her thighs, then his mouth replaced his hands. Pushing her legs apart, he buried his mouth on her pussy and sucked her till she cried out she was cumming.

Moving slowly up her body, and easing his body down on hers. Looking into his eyes, she mouth the words, fuck me, take me, make me your's forever. He took her slowly, with his mouth closed to her ear. She could have sworn she heard him say repeatedly that he loved her, and he wanted her. 

"OHHHHHHH GOD KENNY FUCK ME NOW!!!" she groaned.

He pulled her close, and lifted her legs onto his back. He took his time. Slowly he slid his cock in, out, in, out. She was to the point of begging him to hurry, but he just smile and continue with the pace he set. When he knew he could not hold back any longer, he quickly lifted her legs to his shoulders and slammed his cock in so deep that she cried out.

"OH GOD I AM CUMMINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!" she screamed.

He jerked his cock into her hard and he exploded inside her. A grunting roar let lose, and she heard him.

Two weeks later her and Kenny were married, their honeymoon was at the cabin that belongs to Preacher Dan. And one night after they finished loving each other, she asked Kenny if he minded If she called Dan, cause wanted to feel two cocks inside her tonight. He smiled at her.

"No It's ok. I know I have you forever and he is welcome to come over and have sex with you while I am here to watch." he said in a soft voice. 

She stopped, turned around and looked at him. Picking up the phone she called Dan and told him to get his cock out to his cabin, he was needed. She walked over to Kenny and asked him when did he start talking. He just smiled and pulled her down and rubbed his cock against her mouth.

"Suck me baby. Take me to heaven in your mouth." he said harshly.

That is how Dan found them when he open the cabin door. Her on her knees sucking his cock. He took his time undressing, then walk over and sat down next to Kenny on the bed. When she noticed Dan she slowly pulled her mouth off Kenny's cock and had him moved up on the bed further then turned to Dan and pushed him on to his back. Her hands slowly stroke his cock to full hardness. Then she climb over Kenny, and eased her pussy down, taking his cock deep. Looking behind her at Dan.

"Come up her and fuck my ass." she told Dan in a harsh soft whisper.

Dan moved up, pushing Kennys legs aprt further, and his hand caressing her ass cheeks. Taking his cock, he rubbed the tip up and down the length of her cock filled pussy, to her ass hole. Slowly he pushed his cock into her ass hole, pulling out a little and pushing in harder and harder till he was fully buried deep up her ass hole. She push down, twisted, and rotated her pussy on Kenny's cock, at the same time she would push her ass back hard on Dan's cock. She could hear both men groaning, and grunting as she squeezed her pussy, and ass around both cocks.

"OH GOD YESSSSSS!!!, FUCK ME!!, FUCK ME HARDER!!!!, OH GOD DAN!!!!!, FUCK ME HARDER NOW!!!!!!." she screamed.

"Fucking tight!, God!, OH GOD!!!, YOU WANT IT HARD BABY, HERE TAKE IT!!!!, OH FUCK!!!!!!, AAAAAGGGGHHHH!!!!!!!!," Dan grunted, as he slams his cock into her hard.

Kenny slid his hands up and squeezed her titties, pinching both nipples as he pulled them closer to his mouth, and knowing his was close to cumming, he thrusts hard, and using his legs he pushes hers further apart.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!," Kenny grunts, as he shots thick wads of cum into her pussy.

"OH GOD!!!!, I'M CUMMMMMMMINGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!," she yells out, squeezing pussy muscles around Kenny.

Dan felt her squeeze, and it pushed him over the edge, and he slammed his cock hard, and deep.

"OH FUCK!!, GET READY!!, HERE IT COMES!!, OH GOD I'M CUMMINGGGGGGGGGG BABY!!!!!!," Dan cries out as he explodes.