 (I hope you enjoy this, and for those interested, its a true story! XOX..Babygirl! )

Cindy was shifting uncomfortable in the pew, trying to keep her mind on where she and not how sexy and handsome the new preacher was. She muttered to herself, “Oh god, I can not believe he was still single!” 

She first met Reverend Caldwell when she visited her mother last Tuesday. When she walked into the house, there he sat at the table, drinking coffee with her mom. Her mother introduced him, and she felt his deep blue eyes piercing go right through her. Cindy felt a quiver go through her and hoped he did not notice. She held out her hand and uttered the usual hello and when they touched felt a tingle go directly to her clit. Now how could that happen, he was just a preacher.

He mother asked if she would like a cup, and she nodded yes, as she sat down. She wondered if he was the kind of preacher who could dated, or one who was married to the church. She felt like asking him, but knew her mom would chastise her. She tries to avoid his gaze but every time she looked up, he was watching her. She almost fainted when he spoke up and asked, “I wish you would join your mother Sunday, and come to church.”

She smiled and said, “Sorry reverend, but I have plans.” In the back of her mind was laughing her head off saying, “What a joke! Oh yeah, the mini skirted bar hoping sexpot, will be found sitting in your dam church! Listening to how much of a sinner I am, do not think so, preacherman." 

The preacher got up and told them good-bye, then turned to Cindy and said, “I hope you change your mind about Sunday.” 

After he was gone, her mother reached across the table, grabbed her hand, and said, “You know Cindy, I would not hurt you to go to church, just once. Please, do it for me.”

She could feel a non-stop lecture coming on; her mother would rant and rave about how much of a sinner she was. Therefore, to shut her mother up, she said, “Sure, see you Sunday momma.” 

Since Cindy’s dad had died a year ago, she tried to visit at lease 4 times a week. As usual, she would join her mother for supper and they would play something like scrabble afterwards. While she ate, Cindy hoped her mother would not say anything more, but knew that was impossibility. Her mother considered herself a verified matchmaker, and if she had her way, Cindy would be married by now.

Her mother took a drink then said, “Honey, did you see how handsome he is. He is only a year older then you. It would be so nice if you liked him, and honey, he is available!” 

Oh, god, that did it, everyone knows, preachers think sex is sinful, and she just knew this one would be no different. She replied, “Mother, please, I think I can find a man to date on my own. And if you do not mind, I will get married only if I want too!” She helped mom with the dishes, then patted her hand, kissed her cheek and said, “Gotta go momma, 6 am rolls around early, and do not be too angry with me.”

All the way home she cursed herself, then yelled, “Oh shit, Cindy, what in the hell did you get yourself into now?” She already made plans with her roommate Renee to go to the new movie theater and the out to dinner Sunday, how was she going to tell her. 

Cindy could see things now, Renee rolling of the floor with laugher, saying, “Cindy, you went where? Oh I get it, you went to church, oh good joke, what’s the punch line!” The teasing would escalate until all her friends would join in the fun. 

Cindy decided she would tell her that her mother called and needed her to drive her somewhere Sunday. That very no-one would notice where she went. The next thing she did was focus on what too wear, if she wore the usual mini skirt, and short tops, they would not even let her through the front door of the church. So she decided to wear this long denim skirt checkered country style blouse and boots. 

Sunday came around, and she left for church early, wanting to arrive at church before her mother, that way she would not have to endure any more embarrassment. When she got there, she uttered, “Dam,” under her breathe, there was her mom on the steps waiting for her.

He mother hurried over too her and said, “Hello Cindy, you look so nice dear.” She then walked arm in arm with her into the church purposely going past the preacher and saying, “Good morning, Reverend.”

Reverend Caldwell, took Cindy’s hand, and said, “Welcome Cindy, glad you could join us. Hey, did you mother tell you about the pot-luck after the morning services, I do hope you’ll join us.” She just nodded no, and kept on moving, pushing her mother toward the seats. She was not about to stay here any longer then she needed too. She was relieved when she mother did not sit in the front row.

Cindy, looked around, and almost fainted, half the men, were ones who hit on her at the local bar. Now here they sat all prim and proper next to their wife or girlfriend. She snickered and whispered, “Oh goody, a room full of hypocrite’s,” then shook, the place gave her the creeps. She was determined to tune out and not hear the, you are a sinner sermon, and was doing well until she looked up and saw the minister watching her. 

Cindy smiled at him, god-dam, how can be a man of god be so fucking handsome! She then wondered what was on his mind. She started to think and then blushed, “Maybe he is one of those dirty minded ministers who did more then consol his flock.” When they stood to sing the last hymn, she leaned over and said, “Mother, I think I will stay for dinner, beats cooking any day.” She tried to not let on she had an alternative motive.

Cindy found herself enjoying the dinner and saw that her mom was quiet happy. She figured the day was not a total loss, and it did not bruise her dignity too badly. When she went to get some pie for desert, her mother joined her. Her mother leaned over and said, Cindy, I hope you do not mind me going over to Martha’s after dinner? She wants me to help her work on the quilt she is making for her daughter. Don’t worry about how to get home dear, I have already asked the preacher if he would take you.” 

Cindy, almost dropped her plate, and was about to yell, Mother, how could you, but stopped, she knew that was one argument she would never win. She smiled to herself it might not be such a bad idea, for him to take her home. Now she could really see what he was like. Now was a perfect chance to see what was, on his mind. She sat back down and started eating her pie; she looked over at the minister. 

When he was not looking, Cindy sized him up and down. At that moment, she wished he were not a preacher; he was a man she could really fall for. His deep blue eyes were hidden by heavy black lashes and his oval face surrounded by long curly hair, and when he smiled he had the cutest dimples. She jumped when his eyes met hers, and then quickly looked away, but inside, she wished they were sitting somewhere, private. She told herself, “That will never happen, I do not date preachers! “ She finished her pie then sipped on a cup of coffee, as the churchwoman cleaned things up. 

Reverend Caldwell knew Cindy was watching him, and wondered if she liked what she saw. He looked at her and their eyes met for one brief moment; he felt his heart skip a beat. Wow,she she was beautiful! He looked down, and then went to get another cup of coffee. When he sat down, he noticed she was helping the woman clear the tables. She was a tall full figured woman, with a firm full breast, and a waist just perfect for his arms, and full hips. He continued watching her, hoping no one would notice he was ogling her. She had a cute round face and an upturned nose, green seductive eyes hidden by the locks of long curly blonde hair. Cindy was his idea of a perfect woman, and wondered if she would ever like him. 

Reverend Caldwell readjusted his tie, and then remembered her mother telling him, that she thought Cindy was too promiscuous. In the back of his mind he said, “Oh man, I wonder how loose she really is? After all, he I am not just a minister, but also a man, with needs. A man who wished was kissing her right now. He was brought back to reality when Gladys tapped his should and said they were leaving. He walked over to where Cindy and said, “Sorry for the delay, Miss Walter’s, are you ready to go home?”


She took his hand and said, “Oh, please, Reverend Caldwell, call me Cindy. Let me visit the lady’s room, and then I will be ready.” 

The preacher checked the back door and front door and made sure they were locked, then laid his suit jacket in the office. That way, maybe she would come with it to retrieve it and they could talk, he winked. 

When he returned to where Cindy was she was just coming out of the bathroom. He walked over to her and said, “Cindy, do you mind if we go up to my office for a moment, I left my suit jacket their, okay?” She told him yes and soon she was standing by him in the office. He grabbed his jacket then sat down acting as if he was looking for something. When he glanced up she was running her fingers through her hair, he swallowed hard. “Oh, how did I get so lucky to have this goddess standing before me now,” he thought

The preacher cleared his throat and said, 

“Cindy, you can call me Herb; after all, we are not in church right now! Excuse me, I trust this is not too personal, but you are very beautiful.” He shifted his pants, making his swelling member more comfortable, praying she would not see it. 

Cindy, looked at him with amazement, she could not believer her ears, the preacher was coming onto her. She thought about telling him he was out of line, but thought she would go along with his game and see what he was up too. 

She moved around to the side on the desk and stood speechless, her eyes glued on his lap. Oh my god, he must have been a good 9 inches and very thick. She did not know what to say next, but felt her panties getting wet and her nipples harden. In the back of her mind she was yelling, “Oh preacherman, lets fuck!” In her next thought she screamed, “Hell No, what would momma say!” 

She was about to say, I have to go, when the preacher stood up and pulled her close. He kissed her hard as his hands fondled her in places a preacher should not go. He kissed her ear and whispered, “Oh God, forgive me, I want you Cindy! I have fantasized about you since the first day we met. If I am out of line, tell me!” In the back of his mine he screamed, “Oh please do not say no!” 

She looked at him, dam it, how can she say yes, he is the preacher for Christ sake; you do not fuck the preacher! She felt his hand squeeze her nipple, she wanted to yell, “STOP,” but could not bring herself to utter the words. Her body was ablaze with lust, screaming, "Yes," it had been too long since a man touched her. This time Cindy returned the kiss, letting her tongue dance with his. 

The preacher, stood up for a moment, and kissed her lightly saying, “Oh honey, hold that thought,” then walked over to the door and locked it. He licked his lips, turned around to walk back to Cindy, and pulled her close. She hesitated as if she was going to say no, but instead, instructed him to sit down.

Cindy uttered, “Not so fast, sit down, I want your to watch for now!” She stood back and started slowly removing her clothing. When she took off her blouse and bra, she heard him gasp for breath. She bent forward and took off her thong, then turned around to show him her wanting body. She took one nipple into her mouth and sucked it hard while rolling the other one, saying, “MMM, it taste so good!” 

When Cindy looked over at him, the preacher was sitting with his hand around his rock hard cock. She squealed, “Ooh baby you’re so big! “ She walked over to him until she was standing naked in front of him. 

He looked up, her hard nipples inches from his mouth and said, “Come here my pretties, give daddy a taste baby!” He then sucked her right nipple into his mouth and teased it with his tongue, then took it in his teeth and bit it. He did one then the other, as his hand slide the whole length of her wet pussy.

In her mind she screamed, “Oh fuck, if I knew a preacher-man could do this I would have went to church years ago!” She then said, “Oh god, suck them hard, ooooooooh I love a titty man!” His fingers parted her labia and when he slid them across her clit, Cindy thought she was going to pass out from excitement! She took his head in her hands and pulled him closer into her tits, kissed the top of his head and said, “Oooooooh Preacherman! Eat me, oh god, do me, I can not wait to feel that tongue deep inside me!” 

The preacher, cleaned off his desk in one scoop and laid her on her back facing him, them moved until her pussy was just inches away from his lips. He ran his tongue the full length of her slit and then drew her clit into his mouth. She arched her back and moaned rolling her head back and forth, and then he slid a finger inside her pussy, sucking her clit and finger-fucking her at the same time. 

Cindy, quivered and yelled, “Oh my god, Preacherman, yes, just like that, do not stop! Oh keep going I am going to cum!”

He could not hold back any longer, he stopped eating her long enough to rub his cock back and forth across her clit. He exclaimed, “Oooooooh Cindy, I prayed you would come to church today! I prayed that you would let me comfort you this way. Oh god baby, let me drive my cock deep into you, let me fuck you!”

Cindy help her legs wide and shouted, “Oooooooh please Preacherman I need your help now and your support! Ram your cock deep into me, oooooh, aaaaaaaaaaaah, sweet-Jesus I am cumming! FUCK ME!”

Just as Cindy started cumming, he drove his cock all the way into her with one hard thrust. He leaned forward and kissed her nipple then moved up to her lips as he drove his cock hard into her. She wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled his cock deep stretching her pussy to the limits. He balls were so full of cum; they felt like they would explode any minute. She pulled away from his lips, then leaned forward and took his nipple in her mouth, and bit it. 

The preacher, shouted, “Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah, yes that’s it, bite both nipples Cindy! Oh, please let me cum inside you! She continued biting his nipple, pausing only to shake her head yes, he went rigged and yelled, “Yesssssss, oh I am cumming! Pumping her full of so much cum it dribbled on the desk. 

Cindy did not move for a moment, holding his cock deep insidel milking him until his balls were drained. He sat back down in his chair to catch his breathe and almost swallowed his tongue; she was lying there, eating his sweet nectar from her pussy. 

When she was done, he helped her up then kissed her passionately. When she looked at him, he had a tear in his eyes; he pulled her close and said, “Oh Cindy, I hope you do not have a bad impression of your preacher now!”

Cindy kissed the tear off his check and uttered, “Oh I don’t Preacherman; after all, you are a man too. I do think I will need to pray right now, for your support and guidance.” She then lowered herself to her knees as if to pray, but instead took his cock into her mouth, licking him clean! 

The preacher then said, “Oh my child, I want you to come by here every night this week. We can pray together.”

Cindy looked at him and gasp, “Oh no, Herb what am I going to tell my mother? You know, she will ask me about today! She knows that I am not that easily persuaded into coming to church.”