 Chapter 2: Prayer Meeting

When Cindy and Reverend Caldwell were done fucking her helped her up pulled her close and kissed her passionately with tears in his eyes. With a shaky voice he said, "Oh Cindy, I hope you do not have a bad impression of your preacher now!"

Cindy kissed the tears off his check and uttered, "Oh I don't preacherman, after all you are a man too. However, I think I need to pray right now for your support and guidance." She then lowered herself to her knees as if to pray, but instead took his cock into her mouth, licking him clean! 

The preacher then said, "Oh my child, I want you to come by here every night this week, starting Monday. We can pray like this together."

Cindy looked at him and gasp, "Oh no, Herb what am I going to tell my mother? You know, she will ask me about today! She knows that I am not that easily persuaded into coming to church."

The Preacherman held her tight and kissed her cheek and chuckled saying, "We can tell your mother that we have become friends and I am helping you convert." 

Cindy smiled and asked, "Oooh good idea, when is our next prayer meeting?"

The preacher looked at her and said, "Meet me here, 8pm Monday." 

Cindy said goodbye and told him she would take a cab home, she had many things to think about. One thing she did not want to do was see her mother, JoAnna at this time. 

All the way home Cindy wondered how her mom would take the news, she was going to start going to church. Then she chuckled and whispered, "Oh won't that nosy busy body be surprised as to the real reason I am going to church. I can see her now yelling, 'My daughter is a whore,' before passing out. Oh hell the old prune is too fucking religious to know sex is a natural phenomenon and very fun.

When Cindy got home she changed into her baby-doll pajamas with matching bikini panties. Then crawled under the covers and tried to fall asleep. However, the visions of what her and Reverend Caldwell would be doing all week made her clit throb. 

Cindy turned on the soft light next to the bed and threw back the covers. She then reached for her 8 inch vibrator and removed her panties. Turning the toy on high she ran it across her swelling clit and said, "Oh preacherman, I wish this was your tongue tantalizing my hot clit!"

Cindy has not felt this alive in years. Oh god, the preacherman made her so fucking hot. She removed the rest of her pajamas climbed out of bed and walked over and opened the curtains of her big bay window. She then proceeded to masturbate calling out the preacher's name repeatedly. 

With one hand she brought her hard nipple to her mouth sucking and biting it as her other hand fucking herself. Cindy did not care who saw her, she needed to cum again. 

Cindy plunged the toy deep and yelled, "Fuck me Reverent Caldwell, fuck this hot cunt hard! Oooooh my god, yesss! I am cumming!" Cindy climaxed so hard her knees almost buckled. 

She then went back to bed without putting anything on and fell asleep with her hand in her pussy.

The ringing of the phone woke Cindy up and when she looked at the clock it read, 11:30am. She reached for the phone and uttered a sleepy, "Hello."

Her mother replied, "Rise and shine sleepy head! I need to ask you if what I just heard is true."

Cindy cringed, oh god here it comes both barrels loaded. "What is it you heard mother?" 

Her mother replied, "That you have decided to join our little congregation. Is it true?"

Cindy fought the urge to laugh and said, "Yes mother it is true. Reverent Caldwell convinced me I need a little religion (and in the back of her head....and some stiff dick ) in my life."

Cindy had to hold the phone three feet away when her mother yelled, "Glory be, thank you Jesus, my prayers are answered!"

Cindy then softly spoke into the phone then saying, "Don't rush things mother I am just trying this religion stuff to see if I like it okay? Goodbye mom, see you Wednesday night."

JoAnna the said, "Ok dear, see you then."

Cindy was so excited about what had happened Sunday night that she could hardly wait until the 8pm prayer meeting. Her clit was throbbing again and she knew she needed to calm down and save her energy for tonight. So she took a cool shower donned her jogging suit and went for her daily run, maybe a good run will clear her.

Well the run cleared Cindy's head for about two hours. When she looked at her watch it read 2pm. She swore, "Why in the hell must time go slower them molasses when you want to have some fucking fun!" She was all hot and horny again, but decided to try and ignore it. She went about changing clothes and doing some housework, that always made time go by faster.

When Cindy glanced at her watch again it said, "6:00 pm. Oh good now we are getting somewhere. I wonder if the Reverent Caldwell would mind if I came by and hour earlier? I bet he would not, that man is probably hot and horny and raring to go."

Cindy took another shower, put on some seductive makeup and dressed in her conservative black suit. The skirt was longer then she liked it, but she figured if she ran into any other church members she would look presentable. 

When she was done pampering she noticed it was 6:45pm. She then told herself, "Girl, you had better get your ass to church you don't want to be late for prayer meeting."

Cindy then called a cab and headed off toward the church hoping she would not look too nervous. As the cab pulled up at the church she noticed there were two cars in the parking lot. She figured it was just someone else who needed the reverend's counseling. 

Cindy then paid the driver and walked toward the front doors of the building. She tried the door and found it unlocked and presumed that the preacherman was already for her.

Cindy opened the door and went inside. She then begin searching for Reverend Caldwell, she wanted to see just how ready he was. She then chuckled and said to herself, "I bet he is sitting naked at his desk lazily stoking a hard cock, just waiting for me to come in and see him."

Cindy made her way toward the office, then stopped dead in her tracks. She had heard something that totally took her off guard. She moved closer quietly as she wanted to make sure of what she just heard.

The office door was open a crack and Cindy could not help but look inside. She gasp as there was her mother JoAnna but naked on her knees saying, "Oooooh Herb you have such a beautiful cock. I cannot wait to suck it deep and swallow every drop of your cum." Her mother JoAnna was giving the preacherman a blow job. 

The Reverend Caldwell did not know anyone was watching as he just said, "Oooooh JoAnna, I love the way you suck my cock. Arrggghhh, that's it momma, just like that. Oooh god for an older woman, you really know how to suck cock!"

Cindy was froze in her tracks, she did not know what to do, or did she? She would proceed with the prayer meeting as planned every day this week too. That way she can have him do whatever she wants when she tells the hypocritical reverend Caldwell that she saw him and momma in his office that day. 

One thing Cindy wont do is tell the Reverend Caldwell or her mother, JoAnna that she is serving up a dose of revenge by writing this torrid true tale and posting it online. 

When it was 8pm, Cindy knocked on the door of the church office. She was greeted by the preacherman. 

The Reverend Herbert Caldwell said, "Good evening Cindy, I am glad you came to your prayer meeting. Shall we begin." He pulled her into his arms and kissed her deeply as his fingers caressed her wanting body. 

Cindy returned this kiss and in the back of her head said, "If momma could only see me now!"