 Lucinda turned and put her hands on the vanity. Even with her head down, she could imagine Beau's smirk. She felt him lift her dress over her hips. Involuntarily she glanced up at his reflection in the mirror.

He was smirking, looking down at what he was about to do. He pulled her thong aside, rubbing his hand across the mound of her pussy, his fingers slipping into her slit, spreading the lips as he shifted closer to her, getting ready to push his long cock inside her.

"Just do it!"

Beau chuckled.

"If you insist!"

"You son of a bitch! I can't stand you! Just do it, then leave me alone! Forever! You make me sick!"

"Nice ass by the way. I'm glad we're doing this."

"Fuck you! Do it and get away from me!"

"Like I said, if you insist..."

"Wait! How do I know that you won't tell anyway?"

"Oh, I don't believe in fucking married women, although as you already know, I don't mind fucking engaged women."

Cindy jumped slightly as Beau pushed a finger into her vagina. His finger slipped all the way inside her.

"Ahh, wet already, you always had a nice juicy cunt. But we're going get it wetter."

Cindy gritted her teeth. Beau put a hand on either side of her hips, holding her firmly in place. He knelt behind her, slipping his tongue into her slit, finding her clit, licking her vagina. Cindy shivered in pleasure, realizing that her body was responding.

Beau stood up. She knew what was next. He'd put that long dick of his inside her and fuck her, her penalty for fucking him those other times after getting engaged. 

She felt the head of his cock against her opening. She braced herself expecting him to thrust the entire length into her. 

Very slowly, Beau pushed gently inside her. Cindy caught her breath as she felt him sliding deeper into her.

"God! He has a long cock!" she thought, not for the first time. 

Despite herself, Cindy recalled all the times Beau had fucked her. And how much she enjoyed every time. For those two weeks, she couldn't get enough of him, or at least not enough of his big dick. They'd fucked over and over, sometimes hardly even sleeping, having to go to work the next day, exhausted, barely able to focus, yet still thinking of getting Beau back to her place and fucking. Now he was fucking her again. It felt good, as good as she remembered. 

Cindy realized that her breathing was faster, she was enjoying this. His cock just touched her in places no one else ever did. 

Beau reached underneath, rubbing her clit as he fucked her. He'd done that before too, whenever he fucked her from behind like this. His rhythm was slow and deep, just as she remembered. She felt herself losing control.

Beau sensed it. Suddenly as if in response to her increasing excitement, he thrust in deeper. The sensation of his fingers intensified on her clit. In seconds, Cindy came, wildly, moaning uncontrollably. 

He let her climax subside slightly, then turned her around, lifting her onto the vanity. Immediately he was between her leg, his tongue exploring her clit and pussy. Cindy had both hands behind his head, pushing his face tight against her cunt. She came almost immediately, moaning his name, telling him over and over that she was cuming.

Beau stood up, moving her legs apart as he stepped forward, thrusting his cock deep inside her. Feeling him fully penetrate her, Cindy gasped, almost ready to cum again. Beau pounded his cock in and out, driving, getting ready to fill her cunt with his hot cum.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!"

He tensed, thrusting in and out a few more times. Cindy felt the pulse of his semen bursting inside her, she felt the flow of his cum running out of her as Beau shot the last of his cum inside her.

Cindy thought that his legs might be shaking as he stood between her legs, she thought that his cock was getting softer because she could feel the semen draining out of her. 

"We'd better go before someone knocks on the door."

"Yeah, we'd better. Wouldn't want to get caught like this."

"No, we wouldn't."

Beau stepped back, more semen flowing out of Cindy as he pulled out. 

"Grab me something to clean up."

Beau reached for some paper towels.

"Those will work for the vanity top, but I need something softer. Grab me some toilet tissues.

Beau pulled his pants up and stepped into one of the stalls, returning in seconds with a wad of tissue.

"Will this work?"

"Yeah, that's fine."

Cindy stepped into a stall to clean herself off. 

Beau stood there, maybe not wanting it to be over quite yet. 

Cindy came out of the stall, found her panties and slipped those on before straightening her dress. She stepped up to Beau, putting her arms around his neck and kissed him.

"Okay, I admit that was fun. It brought back some good memories. Now you need to leave. I need to get ready for my wedding."