 I have been watching you with a shy eye. Your short hair. Your thin lips when they smile. Your beautiful long legs and how they flow beneath your dresses, or the way your slacks hug them accentuating the curves of your sculpted ass. Your very large and beautiful breasts and the way your tight shirts or sweaters hug them, showing them to my glancing eye in all their profound beauty, and how when the air conditioning is turned slightly too cold and the nipples rise from the chill. And lastly your exquisite, round, eight-month pregnant belly, and how it stretches the fabric of your shirts, blouses, or dresses.

But as I said, 'watching with a shy eye'. For who am I but just another fellow employee that passes in and out of your vision everyday. And you, happily married. What would you want with a Joe like me when you can have everything from the guy at home, the guy whom you call 'husband'. 

Do you notice my wandering eye when I'm near you? How I trace your body up and down, memorizing you in all your glory for my fantasies when I'm alone at night, and my only companion is my Rosy Palm.

These days melt into one another, the only change is your belly getting larger with child. And as the days continue to melt, a sadness creeps under your eyes. I barely notice at first, but by the time your ninth month rolls around it's painfully obvious to me. I spend days gathering up the courage to talk to you about it, racking my brain with possible scenarios as a catalyst. But in the end of course someone beats me to it, but thankfully it's to my advantage.

I'm at work as usual and on a break I hear the gossipers who have nothing better to do than talk about everyone else, pushing the focus away from their own short-comings, when I hear your name. My ears prick up instinctively and I catch as much of the conversation as I can, and the pieces fall into place. Now I wait until the opportunity knocks.

Late one afternoon when everyone else in the office is gone, I think myself alone. My thoughts drift to you and your growing belly in all it's sexual beauty, and I am hard. I get up and go to the bathroom, and close the stall door behind me before I fish out my growing cock and begin masturbating. My thoughts drift to your belly, the pubic hair beneath, the swollen labia, the tight asshole, your leaking breasts - not that drinking breast milk turns me on, I rather dislike the taste, but the sight of it, the helplessness of it, that turns me on, your breasts leak milk and you have no control over it - even larger now that they are full of expecting milk.

Your plentiful ass, somewhat plumper with the weight gain, but all the more beautiful for it - I am an ass man at heart. My orgasm builds as my mind flips through the various positions, the penetration, the tasting with mouths, the sweat running in rivulets across skin, the deep, throaty, breathing of passion, the smell of sex, the sounds .... My orgasm pushes out of me in a torrent of spasms that fill the toilet beneath my weak and bended knees. I grab some toilet paper and wipe the rest of the semen off of the glans and deposit it in the toilet with the other globs of ejaculation. I flush and make myself respectable in the mirror before returning to the late work.

But I am not alone, passing your office I see you inside, wiping at your eyes with a tissue. You're crying. Or close to it. Inside my head I see a door, and behind that door someone knocks, and in my head I open that door.

"Linda? You okay?"

She starts, and her breath catches. She turns towards me. Her eyes catch mine and hold them. So sad they are, tears are in the corners and close to spilling over. My guts give a turn, I felt so perverted thinking about her that way in the bathroom moments before. I was ashamed of myself, giving into the primal urges with no thoughts to the person I was thinking of. She didn't deserve a pervert like me thinking about her like that.

"Y-yeah, just something in m-my eye," a lie of course.

"Is it your pregnancy?" I push forward, the catalyst set in motion.

"N-no, well, yes, a l-little." She offers.

"I'm gonna go out on a limb here, and I hope you don't mind, but; is your husband not interested in sex anymore?" There, it was out. My heart was jack-hammering in my chest. Please-oh-please-oh-please be right.

"Uh..." She looked a little shocked, a little embarrassed. She turned her head down. "Yes."

"What an idiot!" I said, and she turned to look at me. "My first time was with a pregnant woman, and it was the best sex I ever had!" Now it was my turn to be embarrassed. That wasn't something I had wanted to come out. But it did, and now I couldn't take it back. I quickly apologized. "I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pry."

"Don, would you have sex with me?" Linda asked innocently. She could've been asking for a cup of coffee, for the news paper, anything at all the question was so casual. I regained my composure.

"I would love to." I said with a big smile.

It was midnight, October twenty-eighth. The motel I paid for. I lead you into the dark room and turn on the light. Once the door and the world is closed behind us I begin to touch, to caress, to feel all of you beneath my fingers and hands. First your beautiful round belly, my hands slide up and down and all around, tickling your belly button, you laugh. Then your full, firm breasts as I squeeze them, pull on them, mash them together, rub the tips in rough circles with my palms.

I lead you to the bed and coax you onto it on your hands and knees, your belly and breasts hanging beneath you. I lift your dress over your beautiful ass and pull your panties down, they stick in the wedge of your ass and pussy and pop out with an elastic snap. I rub my hands all over your ass and pussy and up and down your thighs. God you are so wet, your labia are slick with your juices and my fingers slide effortlessly between them. I push one then two fingers into you and you moan deep and throaty. I kneel down and rub my other hand all over your ass as I kiss and lick it. 

Having not had sex in so long you cum quick and your ejaculation runs over my fingers. I use my lubricated fingers to their maximum potential and shove them slowly into your upturned asshole as my free hand snakes between your legs to frig your swollen clit. I keep my mouth busy licking and kissing this beautiful ass before me. After a few moments a stop my oral administrations and concentrate on you and your second orgasm with my fingers in your ass and on your clit. 

You cum again dripping into my palm. My fingers still embedded in your ass I get into position behind you and pull down my pants and underwear and guide my rigid cock into your slick pussy. It slides in so sweet, and you gasp from the deep penetration. After a few moments of thrusting into both of your holes, I withdraw my fingers from your ass and wipe them on the bedspread. 

I reach under you and release your pleasant breasts from their confines, they feel warm and inviting in my hands and I squeeze them from base to tip, tugging on the hard nipples making them leak the premilk, colostrum. You moan and goad me to fuck you harder, faster, and deeper. I do with the full knowledge that I do not last long if I go too fast, and I fill your pussy after only a few minutes of rigorous fucking.

"Would you like me to keep going?" I ask politely.

"C-can you? I mean, are you still hard?" Linda asks me.

"Oh yeah, I'm still very much hard. Would you like me to keep going?" I ask politely again, ever the gentleman.

"God yes, would you?" She asks. I chuckle at the thought of this back and forth questioning.

"Of course." I begin pumping into her leaking pussy again. Taking one hand from her swollen tits, and snaking it between her legs to frig her clit and rub the space between it and our joining. She cums again shortly and I feel her cum and mine dripping down my scrotum. 

"Oh God, I love it! Could you put it in my ass, ... that is if it doesn't gross you out or anything." She asks innocently as she turns her head to look at me, and to bat her eyelashes at me so coy and seductive.

"I would love to." I say with great pleasure. I lean back taking both hands away from their wonderful duties and guide my rigid cock to her asshole which is still wet from my fingers before. I push at the reluctant hole softly, cooing Linda to relax, ... relax, ... relax, ... The head pushes through the tight muscle, and the muscle in turn hugs me so sweetly I could die. Using my cock coated with both of our orgasms I begin to slide deep into your bowels. Your breathing is labored and heavy, you begin to pull and tug on your full breasts as my cock pushes into your ass all the way to the hilt. 

Now I am balls-deep in your hole and I pause to enjoy the feeling before I start pumping into you. Slowly and deep at first, causing you to gasp with every forward thrust. Soon my thrusts quicken and with each plunge you begin to grunt with satisfaction. Now you are just bracing yourself on your elbows, both nipples held firmly in clenched fingers, they are leaking and the milk is running over your hands. Your third orgasm builds up, then crests and then you are bucking your hips wildly and I grip your hips firmly so I don't fall out until I have my own second impending orgasm. I keep thrusting deep into your ass effortlessly, your grunting is driving me mad, I have to cum, I feel it building inside me with every thrust. Finally I'm there and I begin pumping your ass full of hot cum.

Sweat has broken out all over my body and yours. I withdraw from your ass and ask you to lay on your back and you do so willingly. Your legs part instinctively and I glide between them. I grip your thighs curling my arms around them and inhale deeply your freshly fucked pussy and ass, the smell of sweet cum fills my nostrils, and like a drug, makes me feel high. Your labia are loose and swollen from my fucking and I lean down to lick their pinkness, you sigh with the pleasure. Our cum mingles together and leaks out of your pussy, and I lean down and begin licking it up, not drinking it per se, but pushing it up towards your clit with every lick. I release your thighs and ask you to grab your knees, please, and you do so willingly, opening up your delicious pussy and ass to me. I lean down and begin licking the cum leaking from your ass, up over your perineum, into your pussy, up to your clit, and back again. I pull your lips apart and concentrate on that precious clit, you moan with pleasure, and soon you are cumming again, holding the back of my head and grinding your sensitive pussy into my face. 

When your climax recedes I pull away and lower my still rigid cock to your loose and inviting pussy. I slide in again effortlessly and you hug me close to you. I push into you and you move your hips with me. Your full belly beneath me, I lean my head towards yours and kiss your sensual lips, our tongues dance together and you moan in acceptance. I begin again to push inside with earnest, my thrusting so hard I'm hitting your clit and you are just going mad with the insane pleasure. Your fifth orgasm grips you, and I follow shortly after with my third.

You lower your raised legs and catch your breath. I lie uncomfortably on top of you and you ask politely for me to move. I lie next to you and hold you in my arms.

"Thank you, Don." You whisper.

"Thank you, Linda." I whisper back. "Guess what Linda?"

"What?"

"This never happened."

"What? What do you mean?" Linda asks confused.

"Daylight savings time."

"What?" Linda asks still confused.

"We came here at twelve midnight, it is now almost one a.m., but because of daylight savings time ending the clocks are set back, so it is once again twelve midnight."

"Wonderful." She cooed. "Then we better leave before this hour is up," and we did.