 Chapter 1: The Beach 

I can picture walking down the beach. It's about 3:30 a.m.. The wind is cool and the water is warm, lapping at our feet. The party goers are finally going home and it appears as though we are all alone; the stars shining brightly beyond the reach of the city lights. 

I lead her down to the waters edge following close behind; letting her feel the strength of my grip and making her feel secure in our own little world. Stopping her in her tracks and leaning in to her ear, I whisper sweet nothings and dirty thoughts assuring her that this night is one she will never forget; convincing her that this is the right time and place for something so intimate. 

Slowly I begin to nibble at her lobe, kissing her neck and running my finger is small circles on her lower back. As I make my way down to her collarbone, I can feel a growing tightness in my shorts; my cock straining at the fabric and pushing my stiffness hard into the softness of her torso. I take my attention away from her neck and hold her at half an arm's length while staring deep into her eyes, letting her know there is no one I'd rather be on this beach with than her. I pull her tight again pressing my lips hard into her mouth, my tongue finding its way between her lips, finding her tongue, massaging it to life and holding her in a trance. I slowly untie her flowery summer dress from behind her neck and let it fall just slightly, catching on her nipples for just a moment before falling to the beach at her feet, crumpled below, tangling in her toes. I carefully place her soft marblesque calf into my palm, lifting her leg for her while gently drawing her blue satin panties from her with my teeth. First the left side, tugging and pulling, then the right, gripping tightly as I deftly remove them the rest of the way with a quick tug at the ever growing wet spot that had covered her pussy. 

She stood there naked, save for a pair of heeled sandals and the pearl necklace I had bought her for our anniversary last year. In the breeze with nothing to hide and nothing to fear she took her turn undressing me every bit as sensually as I had done her. She began to unbutton my light cotton shirt. One by one she worked her head down the row of buttons, tearing each one off of the shirt with her teeth. As her face got nearer and nearer my beltline, my shirt began to flap just a little in the breeze. Scooping the air, it began to rise off my body as though removed by a greater power. As it flew off, it revealed a firm muscular chest with pectorals tight as drums, nipples erect at the first sign of excitement and a six pack worthy of Adonis himself, tight sharp lines jagged like the crags of a mountain. 

In her eyes I can see the sheer salaciousness of her soul. She has removed my shirt and cast it into the sea. As she begins to unbuckle my belt, I can feel her hand very tactfully and specifically rubbing ever so slightly on the ever growing bulge in my pants. In the blink of an eye, she had removed my belt and had begun to secure my wrists with it. I grasped her firmly by her wrists, looked deep into her soul and expressed my wish to her for this evening to be about the experience I provide. She relented hesitantly and proceeded with her plan of disrobing me in a very erotic manner. The snap at the top of the zipper clicked open with the faintest of noises just audible above the crash of the encroaching waves. She paused for just a moment to reach down inside my shorts and fondle my tightened sac, scratching with her fingers gently on her way back up. Her next move was incredible in its simplicity and inspiring in its veracity. In one fluid motion she pulled me tight to her, dragged the zipper down, tugged my shorts to my ankles while leaning over and taking me into her mouth. Her eyes rolled back in her head when she felt the length of my manhood slide to the back of her throat as she tried to take me all in. As she suckled and rolled her tongue around the head of my cock, I closed my eyes and saw a fireworks show brighter than a sunburst at dawn. Emotions swept over me, my cock growing more sensitive with each slurp and stroke. 

I reached down and hooked under her arms with both hands, making her rise and making my hard cock slide out from between those beautiful, pouty lips. Dragging her to her feet, I could once again kiss her so passionately it felt as though our bodies were melted together in a state of eternal bliss and solitude. I began to slowly drop to my knees making sure to stop and caress each nipple with my eyelashes, making them stand out in the cool breeze. I take the time to slowly run my tongue in small concentric circles around each areola getting closer and closer to the prize, just grazing it with my lips. I can feel her becoming more and more aroused. Finally devouring it in my mouth, I let my tongue dance around her swollen nipple. Playfully nudging and licking, nibbling and biting. Just the right mix of pleasure and pain. 

As I slowly sink to my knees, I toil my way down her stomach slowly kissing each and every inch of soft flesh, creating a shimmering path down her lithe body, breathing cool air onto the freshly moistened areas. Goose bumps spread in my wake on my way down to her soft, clean shaven mound. So warm, so inviting, so sweet and erotic. My tongue flits about like a hummingbird in the summer's heat, giving her just a sample of what is about to transpire and the slightest glimmer of what things may come. 

Pulling her down to me, laying her on her back in the dampness of the sand, I make my way down her left thigh pausing ever so slightly every inch to just flutter my lips by her taught tanned skin, working downward giving her shivers and tingles like she's never felt before. Ever so gently rolling her onto her stomach, she feels the gentle stroke of my tongue across the back of her knees inciting euphoric mania. Kissing, caressing, nibbling my way back up her thighs to her tight, sweet bum, tracing lines up her left cheek and down her right cheek before running it back up the middle letting her know that I really do love the taste of her body. Licking, nibbling biting my way to her lower back. 

As she lay there, her senses alight, I roll her back over brushing the sand from her erect nipples with the palm of my hand, snapping her back into reality and making sure I have her complete attention and trust. I snake my way back to her glimmering pussy, playfully licking at her lips, inner thighs and her flowing juices. My tongue like a piece of heaven on earth makes her quiver and shake, an earthquake building within. I can feel her anticipation and intensity building as I get nearer and nearer to her engorged clit, her body gyrating in circles out from the epicentre of the quake. Without warning I grab her by her fine pear shaped bottom and push my tongue hard against her clit, grinding my face against her wetness, drinking her flavour and savouring her taste. Sucking her clit into my mouth circling, faster and faster. Driving her to heights of passion she never knew existed, making her scream for mercy, making her wish at the very same time I would never stop. 

As she trembles from the force of an orgasm, I hold her tight in my arms letting her be most intimate with me, letting her know I was there to bring her back to earth long enough to feel my hard cock inside of her, letting her know the fun had just begun. As she lay there wanting for nothing more than feeling in her legs and breath in her lungs, I seize the opportunity to thrust my hard cock deep inside her. I can feel the air rushing from her lungs as her senses play a dirty trick on her and come flooding back all at once in a deluge of endorphins and adrenaline. Her eyes like those of a banshee wild and untamed, her hair in ringlets, wet and sweaty clinging to her face, her voice hoarse with an abundance of emotion and lust. She is whimpering, begging for me to take her, to make her feel better than any man has made her feel before. 

Slow, rhythmic pulsing heartbeats are the only things I feel, the overwhelming sense of being one with another person, connecting on a level thought only to exist in romance novels and movies. As I begin to thrust slow and steady, getting deeper and deeper with every passing moment, she begins to make low, guttural, desirous noises. It's not moaning. It's not screaming. It's something deeper, something primal. She begs for release from this torment. She begs for me to pound (remove my prick) deep inside her. I resist. I let her know that the eventuality is that I'm going to make her world crumble. I'm going to make her feel as though she has reached another plane of enlightenment, found another world within our own. Faster and faster I grind my cock into her, pushing my pubic bone hard against her wet pussy, my balls making a loud wet slapping noise against her ass as the waves begin to reach higher and higher on the shore. Her heat mixes with the coolness of the waves around her. Every passing moment, the fervor grows. Each fleeting second, a small corner of her being is touched in the most romantic of ways. The excitement reaches unknown heights and drives us into a state of madness, a state of primitive action. Our brains do less work as our instincts takeover, driving our movement guiding our hands over each other. The feeling of rushing wind, cool waves and darkness dulls her vision and her hearing. Her tactile senses heighten and come alive. 

As I fill her with my most passionate of pieces and drive her mad with my throbbing hardness, I can feel her slipping away, I can feel her becoming a vessel for my affection and eroticism. The end is near. I can feel that familiar pressure, the rising swells of my inner seas. At that very same moment I can feel her pussy tighten, short spasms gripping my hard cock tight as she begins to wail and vibrate pushing me away but pulling me closer at the same time, lost in the delirium of ecstasy. Multiple orgasms rack her body, pushing her into the throes of an unknown desire. 

My own edge of oblivion closes in, the impending explosion building infinitely to an expected end of unbridled primal lust. As I pound and pound driving harder, faster, growing larger inside of her, her eyes roll back, tears of love and pure emotion flowing from her. I feel the release of my endowment deep within her, filling her with my seed and unloading the build up of hours of excitement and anticipation. Flooding her being with my manliness and overwhelming her with my sheer strength and power. 

As the waves of rhapsody and joy begin to die down within us, we begin to realize the profoundness of our actions. We begin to realize that this is the moment by which all others will be judged from now on. As we lay in each others arms, drinking in the sensations of our environment, we begin to realize that the beach we had thought to be empty might not have been completely barren. We can feel the presence of someone in the darkness. Someone had been watching us, listening to our rapturous screams and unearthly moans. Someone had witnessed our life altering moment and had themselves gained a better understanding of what intimacy and harmony can do to two people. They had become a part of our little world, a spectator to the greatest feelings ever achieved. We both begin to smile as we realize the person watching us was in fact another young couple who themselves had wanted to experience a night alone on a beach, stumbling upon our union of souls and becoming enlightened by the experience. As we lay there in the after glow feeling the eroticism, we invite them to join us and experience everything we had just felt for ourselves.