 It was a hot July afternoon and I was working over today in the garage when I heard a car pull up. I was so backlogged that I had no more room to squeeze anybody's car in, no matter how much money they slid under the table. I was more interested in getting off of work because I had a hot date with the town tramp and I intended to get me some good pussy tonight. It had been so long that my cock got stiff when the wind blew and I could think of more interesting things that I would like to have blow on my dick. I continued with my work, figuring that whoever it was would probably be pissed when I told them to go down the road. I heard the click click click on the concrete and looked over my side to see a pair of shiny high heel shoes standing there. "Damn, a rich bitch," I said to myself as I continued to work. I hated dealing with women with money because they were so persistent and I really didn't need this shit tonight.

"Hello sir, are you the mechanic?" I heard a soft voice say.

"Yeah, what the hell do you think I'm doing under here lady. Can't you see it is after hours."

"Yeah, but my car is overheating. I need someone to take a look at it."

I thought about how my cock was overheating and I needed someone to take a look at it too but I was nice and kept my mouth shut. "I'm sorry lady, we are closed. That means not open for business."

"Listen mister, you need to come out and take a look at this. I need it bad," she said.

The nerve of the bitch, telling me what I could do. I pushed myself out from under the car and looked up. Damn, it was a very attractive lady in her late 20's. She appeared to be a classy woman and I was almost looking up her dress. My cock started to stir. Damn, I needed some pussy bad.

"Look lady, like I said, the garage is CLOSED!!!" I told her once again in a stern voice that showed that I meant business.

"Well, I really don't give a shit mister," she said, obviously pissed that I had dissed her like that. "I have to get this thing fixed or my daddy will kill me when he gets home."

"Well daddy is just going to have to be pissed precious, I have a date tonight and I would like show up on time."

"Just look at it. Please!!!" she pleaded. "And my name is Paula, not precious!"

God I hate being a sucker, especially for a young sexy woman. "Oh, all right," I said as I got up from my creeper. I took a good look at her, she was approximately 5'8, about 120 lbs. with long brown hair and a couple of legs that came together and made a perfect ass out of themselves. I could tell that she was probably one of those corporate wives who are used to ordering people around and having her way. She was wearing a short black skirt, nylons and a pair of high heels that made her ass cheeks perk up and wiggle when she walked. I motioned for her to show me the car and I took a good gander at her butt and my cock twitched each time she moved. "Now what seems to be the problem girl," I asked?

"Like I said, John, is it?" as she looked at the name on my shirt, "It's over heating." She leaned through the window to release the hood and her skirt hiked up slightly revealing the tops of her stockings. I could see the hooks on her garter belt as she popped the hood.

I reached under the hood and flipped the latch. She watched intently as I put on a little show for her. I always try to give my customers a little presentation to make them think that I am really earning my money when most problems are simple and don't require much energy or talent. As I was looking around under the hood she bent over and put on her own little show and I could see the top of her b-cups as they peeked out her low cut blouse. I wanted to reach out right then and there and rip the clothes off of her, but I once again held back.

"Hmmmmm," I said out loud. I watched for her reaction out of the corner of my eye and could tell by the worried look on her face that she was certainly a little concerned. "What is it mister," she asked? I reached for her hand and moved it toward the front of the engine. Her hand was soft and cool to the touch. "Well, looks like your fan belt is busted." I showed her where it went and then I looked down at my watch and then looked up at her. "The parts store is closed so you are out of luck." I saw the beads of perspiration collecting on her neck caused by the heat of the engine and trickling down her chest. God I wanted to get to know this girl better but I didn't have time tonight. "Shit mister, I have to have the car home before daddy gets there. He didn't want me to take it out tonight but I did anyway. Can't you do anything," she asked. 

"I really don't have time little lady," I said as I looked at her tits peeking over her lacy black bra. I thought of a way out of this but I couldn't. 

"Oh god mister, I'd do anything you wanted me to if you'd fix it so I could get it home."

"Well, I might have a used part in the back. Let's go check," I lied as I pointed toward the door at the back of the shop.

"I would be ever so grateful sir," she said. We'll find out how grateful you are little one, I said to myself as we walked toward the door. "I think I may have something in here. Let's go check." We entered the little room and I flipped on the light. It was just a bare light bulb and it didn't light much up in the dark room but it lit up enough that I could see her little body clearly. "Look over in those boxes over there, see if there's anything that looks like this," I said as I held up the belt. I watched Paula's ass as she bent over and started to look in the boxes. My pecker was growing harder by the minute as I reached around and pushed the door shut and locked it. When Paula heard the click she seemed to freeze. "Wait a minute," she said as she turned around. "Why'd you lock the door?"

I just stood there and looked at her and grinned. I could see her get a little nervous. "Open the door mister, open it NOW!!!!" she leered at me. I took a step toward her and she took a step back and looked over the situation. "Don't touch me you bastard," she said, "or my daddy will have your ass!"

Fuck your daddy, I thought to myself as reached and took a roll of duct tape from the shelf. "You made me late for my date with the town slut and I am going to get some pussy one way or the other. Do you understand," I asked?

"Well, you're not getting any pussy from me," she said as she moved toward the door. I reached for her and grabbed her by the shoulder of her blouse. I felt the thin material as it ripped in my hand as she tried to get away. 

"Oh yes I am you little tramp," I said as I pushed her against the door. She started to scream and struggle against me, but I was too fast for her and I pinned her against the door and held my hand over he mouth. "We can do this easy or we can do it hard precious, your decision," I told her. Tears started running down her cheek as I held her there. I could see the fear in her eyes and it turned me on so much that my dick went to full hardness. I pressed against her firm young body and I could feel the heat radiate from her. She tried to get away but I held her firm. "I'll let you go of your mouth you little tramp if you promise not to scream." 

Paula nodded and I slowly moved my hand from her mouth. I slid it down the side of her face and felt the smooth skin on her young face. I felt her tremble as I moved my hand down to the opening in the top of her blouse. I slipped my hand under her bra and squeezed her firm tit. "Damn baby, you feel so good. I am going to fuck you, do you know that?" "No please don't! Please," she pleaded. I removed my hand from her tit and took it out of her blouse. "Now turn around precious," I said. Paula knew at that moment that she had no choice but to obey me. She turned around and I pulled her arms behind her back. "Now just stay like that," I commanded her. She stood still, like a frozen statue. I saw her flinch as she heard the duct tape being torn from its roll. I put a wrap of duct tape around her wrists behind her back and then threw the roll down.

"Please mister, don't hurt me!" she cried.

"Oh, I'm not going to hurt you precious, I'm going to fuck you and make you like it," I laughed.

I turned her around and pushed her back against the wall, pressing her tits into my chest. I took my hand and ran it down the front of her white blouse, and then I hooked my finger into it and in one swift motion, I ripped it wide open and buttons went flying everywhere. "NOOOOO!" she squealed as I took a handful of her little titties. Sweat was making running down her chest in a natural reaction to the fear that was built up inside her. 

"Mmmmmm, precious, so sweet and soft," I said as I put my hand inside her bra and gave each of her nipples a tweak. I could feel her chest heaving and her heart beating hard as I stroked her. I pulled her bra up and exposed her sweet tits to me. I slid my rough hands over the smooth skin of her breasts and I felt her breathing increase a little more. I ran my hand down the front of her stomach and then I moved it down and put it on the inside of her leg. She tightened her legs and I forced my hand between them. I slid my hand up the silky material of her stockings and then I got a surprise. The little bitch wasn't wearing any panties. I felt the skin on her shaved pussy and I told her, "Mmmmm, shaved smooth just like I like them." The skin on her pussy was so soft and smooth and I could feel a little wetness on her lips. She tried to keep me from touching her but it was no use. I took a finger and ran it across the entrance to her smooth slit and I felt her shake a little as I pushed it into the opening. "N-n-n-o," she said a little more feebly than the last time. 

As I pushed my digit into her soft flesh, I could feel the wetness. She opened a little as I pushed it in, softly at first and then with more force. Her pussy was wet from all the excitement. I'd heard that sometimes a woman's body betrays her in that area. I pulled my finger out and slid it in again. I felt her slightly move forward to meet the thrust of my finger.

"You rich bitches are all alike," I breathed into her as I moved my finger out of her pussy and across her clit. "You think you can just come in here and start barking orders at me? Well, I'm here to let you know that you can't always have your way. Sometimes us poor working fucks get what WE want!!" I removed my finger from under her skirt and put it under her nose. She turned her head away but I kept moving it. I could smell the aroma of her cunt on my hand and it was a sweet smell.

"Fuck you asshole!" she yelled as I held her against the door. I felt her start to struggle once more, and I grabbed her by the hair and headed her toward the couch in the corner. I pushed her down onto the couch and then reached for the zipper on my jeans. I saw her eyes widen as she heard the sound of the metal release my cock. I moved my hand up and unsnapped them and pushed them down and stepped out of them. "Like the look of my cock precious," I asked. She turned her head as I stood there in my shorts. I moved back and told her to turn and look at me. She reluctantly did as she was told and I pulled my shorts down and my dick stood out. Her eyes widened at the sight of my cock and I moved toward her. "Open your mouth slut," I said as I stood in front of her. I put my hand on my cock and guided it to her lips. She tried to keep her mouth shut but the force of my cock as it slid against her teeth and I held her head with my other hand was more than she could fight. I heard her gag as I pushed it into her mouth and against the back of her throat. I almost came in her mouth at that moment but I wanted some of that smooth shaven pussy. 

Paula caught her breath as I pulled my dick out of her mouth. She gave me a go to hell look as I pushed her back on the couch. "Now we are going to fuck you little rich bitch," I said as I moved toward her. I reached behind her and pulled the duct tape off of her hands. I heard her yell as I pulled it off from her sensitive wrists. I smiled and then I told her that she should get ready for a fucking. She tried to get up but I pushed her back and fell on top of her. I put my hand under her skirt and started to lift it up. She fought and dug her nails into my back. The pain was severe but it just spurred me on more. "I'm gonna fuck you now precious," I said as I took my dick into my hand and moved it between her legs. I felt the wetness of her pussy juices as they coated the head of my cock. Paula liked what I was doing but it didn't really matter to me whether she did or not because I was going to fuck her anyway.

"Oooohhhhh," she squealed as my dick slid into her slick moist cunt. I grunted and pushed it in as deep as I could. I felt her spread her legs slightly as I pushed into her. "Noooooo!" she said as I started to pump into her folds. I felt her nails run down my back and then they made their way to my ass cheeks. Every time I pushed my cock into her pussy she dug her nails into my ass cheeks. 

"You like this don't you precious," I asked, not really expecting an answer.

"Oooh Yesssssssss!!!!!" she said as I slid in and out of her velvet box.

"Well you're gonna like it more when I shoot my cum deep inside you." I growled.

I took my hands and lifted her ass and I watched as my cock slid between her stocking covered legs. Paula rolled her eyes back as I paused for a moment and then pushed my dick home again.

"Ooooooh. Fuck me mister, fuck me good." she pleaded.

"I am going to fuck you hard precious," I said as I grabbed her hands and held them over my head. Paula started to meet each one of my thrusts with her hips. I felt the warmth of her pussy juices on my cock, the slick feeling of her cunt walls. "Oh you are so fucking tight lady," I told her as I continued to pump into her.

"Fuck me mister, fuck me hard!!!!" she hissed. I lost all gentleness now and I started to push into her cunt with all my weight, feeling my pelvic bones crunch into hers. Instead of turning her off I could tell that she liked it rough and hard. I released her hands and she put her arms back around my neck and dug her nails into my flesh. I felt the cum building up in my groin and I pumped faster until I felt it reach the end of my dick and come out in large spurts. 

"Cum in me mister, cum inside me!!!!" she yelled.

I pumped hard and fast as I coated the back wall of her pussy with my juice and then I felt her stiffen and she dug her nails deep into my hide as she came like a freight train. "Oh my godddddddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!" she yelled.

After a minute or two, I stopped pumping but it didn't stop her as she tightened her legs around my hips and continued to ride my half-hard cock. 

After a few minutes, Paula released her legs from my hips and her hands from my back. She lay spread out on the couch, cum dripping from her smooth pussy and my sweat mingled with hers on her chest. 

"You are the best baby," she said to me as she kissed my neck.

"Was it everything you wanted baby," I asked her?

"When can we do it again John?"

"Whenever you can get away from that husband of yours and find a sitter for your son." I said.

"You don't have to worry about my husband," she said, he'd rather work than fuck. I got off of her and extended my hand to her. She got up and tried to straighten up her clothes as she walked toward the door and smiled at me. I looked at this hot married lady and wondered why the hell he would rather work instead of stay home and take care of business. I walked toward her and slapped her on the ass as she walked out the door. 

I grabbed my pants and started to slip them on. "7:00 next Thursday," I asked. 

"Like usual," she said as she walked into the kitchen. "And next time, I'm in charge." She shut the door and I shut the hood on my car and prepared to go home to my wife.