 Your eyes the color of dark blue sapphires, a pleading look of need staring back at me. 

Lips sparkle like Morganite. I inhale your sweet breath thru flared nostrils. My cock twitches between our nakedness.

Nuzzling your neck then slowly leaving a trail of kisses until together we part your legs. Looking back up, the light reflects off your dark, sweaty nipples like chocolate diamonds.

You smile then lay your head down and close your eyes. You pull your Knees high and open them wide with only the slightest push from my fingers.

Leaning close to inhale your scent. My cock twitches again. Shaved lips I kiss and smell. 

Your jaw drops at the feel of the wooden ruler, you feel it rubbing softly across each lip then without warning it lands with a sharp sound familiar to your ears. Your knees close and your hands reach to cover your pussy but you quickly draw them back and part your legs again, holding them open with your hands.

The flinch was involuntary, the desire for more is overwhelming. Knowing that soon the little swats will flow into one.

Rubbing the flat stick in a gentle soothing circle over each lip and across your growing clit, I draw it back a few inches and bring it down with a slap across your puffy lips again.

Each stinging bite of the ruler is followed by a wave of pleasure that flows thru your body like gentle waves lapping at a tiny pebbles on a sandy beach. 

It feels incredibly wonderful to you. You melt into the sensation as each wave quickly fades only to be followed by another and another and another.

Each slapping sound and sting still making you gasp. Your knees clamp together then open wide again silently asking for another.

The soothing waves of pleasure that ensue the searing stings radiate into your warm cunt. Slowly consuming the perpetual thoughts of work and life that run thru your mind like a freight train. Each gasp slowly turning to panting breaths thru pursed lips.

You feel a coolness as the air touches the moisture between your hot lips when you willingly part your knees. Your splayed cunt is not offered for my pleasure, nor is it because you're being punished.

Anticipating the next swat you tense slightly but hunger for the pleasure that will follow. You want it to never end. The waves washing over you, growing bigger with each swat. Knowing that the small rolling waves will eventually turn into crashing breakers, washing away everything in their path. 

Closing your eyes you relax and pull your Knees apart wider as if offering your burning cunt to the gods as a sacrificial gift. 

Realizing the swats are not getting any harder. There is a rhythm now, a constant rhythm has replaced the force that grew fiercer with every strike. A rhythm like a beautiful song, a dance between two people. Each swat draws only a slight flinch and the wave of magical pleasure surging thru you is constant now.

Before one can fade and retreat back into the sea of your being another follows, then another.

"Breath love" I whisper.

You realize you had been holding your breath.

As soon as you exhale a light tapping starts again and quickly increases in force and rhythm until we're back where we were. The waves pulsing thru you again and again in quick succession, pushing you farther and farther away from anything that resembles pain, all thoughts of daily life dissipate with every humid breath you exhale. 

"Harrr der!" you mouth between breaths. You raise your ass a little higher. Your lips parted just enough to expose the light pink color of pigeon blood rubies. Your swollen, red lips begging to be kissed with the flat wooden stick. 

Crystal clear liquid now oozing from between them. Tenaciously I desire to taste it, to lick and feel it coat my throat, to drink from your fiery, jeweled chalice.

A little harder and faster the wooden ruler kisses one hot, puffy lip then the other, then dead center it kisses both at the same time, along with the protruding minora just missing the hard, throbbing clit that peeks out between them.

You began to whimper and quiver from head to toe. The kisses no longer sting, there pure pleasure now, bliss in its purest form surging thru every nerve in your body.

You let go completely. A slight scream escaping your lips, your eyes roll back and you cum uncontrollably. Whimpering and quivering you arch your back, breasts pushed out, fingers clutching then clawing at the sheets. The crystal clear liquid trickles from between your lips.

The kisses continue, faster and faster. Your body now thrashing and bucking. You began to mumble incoherently. Mental and physical nirvana you collapse into a sweating, seizure like state.

The kissing stops. You feel a comforting coolness as I lean close and gently part your lips with my fingers. Pausing only long enough to gaze at the liquid diamonds that coat the pink flesh and leak from you. I must taste it, the need to savor your nectarous gift is overwhelming. My cock twitches when the flavor coats my tongue and again when I swallow. It's intoxicating. I fight the desire to push my nose into you and draw your juices deep into my nostrils.

Not giving you time to fall from your plateau, I look down and see a long string of pre cum dripping from the raging hard-on protruding from between my legs. It seems unattached and alive, to have a life of its own. Then looking up at your sweat covered breasts heaving with each ragged breath. I whisper.

"I'm going to fuck you now!" 

"Oh Gawwwd!" is all I hear when I crawl up and push my throbbing cock balls deep into your flaming hot cunt. A scorching pleasure surges thru you that under any other circumstances would have been painful. 

Legs wrap around my back, ankles lock together.

I feel your cunt sucking and clinching at the serpent, a strangle hold.

You feel it swelling and pulsing deep inside you.

I tense and cram all I can into you.

My balls contract and draw up tight. Every muscle constricting, I feel myself swell bigger inside you then hot cum exploding thru the cock that now seems to be the root of my very being, It fires again and again and again. I feel the warm liquid being forced between our flesh, coating us both. Warm fluids churned to froth seep into our souls like the warm sun on a cold morning. 

"Oh Gawwwd! Yeesss!"

I hear in a broken, trembling voice.

The painful squeezing and sucking continues. Your cunt constricting, as if trying to squeeze the life out of the pulsing serpent that's fucking and filling your distended cunt. 

The sounds of two wild animals battling to the death, grunting and hissing in exhaustion.