 From Innocent Young Bride to Kinky Ravenous Slut in only Nine Months 

************* 

2nd Part of a multi-part story of how a wife in just nine months comes out of her cocoon to be become a sexual dynamo. 

********* 

Part II - Sheila Begins her Journey - Month 1 - 1st Weekend 

A Sign of What was to Come 

The Meeting 

Sheila got us both a big glass of wine and began from the beginning, nearly a full year ago. For almost a week after she dropped me at JFK, she had been settling into our new place, getting our few possessions arranged in our condo. It was now the first Friday since I was gone. She was still trying to figure out how to meet people, get a job, and earn enough to ensure we could save as much of my pay as possible. I was not surprised when she told me she had really started to stress out and I hadn't been gone a week. She told me that New York felt so alien, so not like the south and she was thinking she was going to hate the next nine months. Everything was faster and louder than back home. She was afraid people would make fun of her accent or that she would match up to all these big city girls, who looked so polished and on the go. 

Sheila was surprised when the doorbell rang early that afternoon, she really hadn't met anyone, and was immediately worried about home invasions and being killed her first week in New York. She snuck up to the door and looked through the peep hole. She had to laugh; it was only a UPS driver with a large package. She opened the door and found out, no big surprise, it wasn't for her but it was for the next-door condo, he needed a signature. The box was from overseas and not very heavy, but obviously valuable, as it had to be signed for. Not wanting to be unfriendly she signed it and put it by the front door. Next door was quiet all day long, she assumed whoever lived there worked during the day. 

That evening, after a trip to the gym, using her free trial membership, and showering up Sheila saw the lights on next door. She decided to take care of the UPS issue, and so went over to knock and deliver the package. A woman, a little older than Sheila, maybe in her early 30s answered the door, stepping out into the entryway. Sheila was speechless. She dropped the package and bent to pick it up. This woman was so different, so wild...and wasn't embarrassed or ashamed. They never wore this kind of clothing and in fact had probably had never even seen such items down south where she grew up. 

The woman was striking, no matter what she wore, with long legs, and great curves. She had long tumbling blond hair and a heavily made up face, even though the sun had not gone down yet! She had on some kind of amazing very short dress, made of rubber, it was technically latex Sheila very quickly found out. 

The dress was a shiny black had long sleeves but wasn't properly ladylike at all, being skin tight and ending so close to her crotch that as Sheila looked up, she could see a tiny pair of rubber panties that clearly showed the blondes' lower lips, and no hair around the thong at all. Garters extended below the dress to smoky grey latex stockings and the outfit ended with a pair of sky-high heels, at least 6" tall. This woman looked like she was a sex ad, but clearly had no issues strutting around in this amazing outfit Sheila thought. The blond was making it worse. She had reached behind her to hold onto the half wall by the entry, clearly showing off as the pose pushed out her large chest and showed off every curve, smiling down at little Sheila at her feet. 

The blonde exotic creature smiled wider and reached down to pull little Sheila upright. She ignored Sheila's gaping mouth and said that she had just gotten home from work, running their clothing store, and hadn't had time to change. She told Sheila she really appreciated keeping the package safe for her, that it probably had some new stock they had been waiting for. Sheila told me that her only thought was what kind of store would this be, and how was it acceptable to flaunt your body this way, looking like some porn star or hooker. 

But she admitted her pussy started to moisten by the sheer wild sexiness of her neighbor. The woman, she introduced herself as Anna, apologized and invited Sheila in to look around and have a welcome to the neighborhood Friday evening glass of wine. Though this was a very odd encounter, it was the first neighbor Sheila had met, and beyond the heels and fetish dress, Anna seemed very nice. 

Sheila missed the appraising look from Anna and followed her in. Anna had been looking Sheila up and down, and in a mirror had noticed that she was literally licking her lips as she scanned the slim brunette. Sheila accepted a glass of cold white wine, but never saw that her glass of white wine had a little something extra dissolved in it. Instead she told me she was too stunned by how comfortable the Anna was walking in the heels and looking like any man's wet dream. Even for New York this woman was pushing the limit of what you could wear Sheila told me she had been thinking. She also admitted that she felt a little bit of envy at the sexy blonde's appearance and attitude. 

With the heels and the dress every step made Anna's hips swing in an alluring fashion. Sheila told me she realized Anna didn't walk as much as strut in her sky-high heels. And the sounds the heels made on the wood floor, with the odd sound of the latex dress as Anna moved around, was even more distracting. But Anna was super friendly and they had two glasses, soon talking like old friends. Sheila realized how long it had been since she had a neighborly chat. Sheila was not sure why, maybe the wine, but she told me she was feeling really warm and wishing I was home to take care of her needs. 

My wife made her excuses after about an hour, disconcerted that as she stood up, she was a little dizzy and afraid that what felt like a huge wet spot was showing through her light summer shorts. Anna rose up with her and reached out to hold her when she noticed Anna was feeling the wine. Anna steadied her and walked her to the door, running her hands up and down Sheila's shoulders and arms and pulling her close to give her a long, intimate goodbye kiss on the lips. 

That was bad enough, but when Anna pushed her tongue past Sheila's lips, Sheila was shocked and aroused and didn't even think to object. Anna leaned over again and whispered, "you have to join us tomorrow for brunch; we can show you the sights and really make you welcome." Sheila was flushed and taken aback, but wanting to be a good neighbor agreed to be over at 10 the next morning. 

That night Sheila was very upset, she was surprised and not sure why she was so wet and horny. She had never even played with herself growing up, but was too aroused to not run her hands over her breasts and rub her slit and finger her clit. She froze when she realized what she was doing, stopping just short of an orgasm, and resolved to go to bed chaste and find the nearest Baptist church for Sunday services. 

Brunch and More 

Saturday morning Sheila tried to think of way to cancel, she was embarrassed by Friday night and a little intimidated by Anna. But nothing seemed reasonable, and she had to live next to this couple. So about 10 in morning Sheila looked in the mirror and got ready to go next door. 

She was wearing something racy, for her. It was a pair of jeans shorts, and tank top, and flat sandals. She did put on makeup, but so little it couldn't be seen. When she knocked next door, she heard a voice from inside, it was Anna. 

"Come on in, the door is open." 

Sheila came inside and there in front of her was Anna perched on a low table, staring right at her with almost a predatory look. She was more restrained than last night, but really not. Again, with the bright red lipstick outlining her sexy lips, not what someone in Alabama wore to brunch. 

Added to that was a sink tight snakeskin looking dress, with at least half her breasts exposed and this time no shoes, but over the knee latex boots. The dress left a big gap, even as high as the boots were, the dress barely got past Anna's crotch. Where did this woman get her clothes? It seemed that Anna's idea of brunch was a lot more formal and adult than what Sheila had ever known. 

As they moved back to the rear of the condo and the kitchen, Sheila finally met Anna's partner, Brad. He introduced himself, a very easy on the eyes, 30 something, with an athletic build, a healthy tan, and a twinkle in his eyes. Sheila was shocked, she told me, that she immediately was aroused by Brad's scent. She told me she had never reacted this way before, she was getting aroused from Brad's cologne and just looking at Anna's hot body, a body she clearly was displaying for Sheila's eyes. 

Brad shook Sheila's hand and leaned in to give her a kiss on both cheeks. His presence was very physical, very male. Sheila was embarrassed when she immediately wondered what Brad would look like naked. Brad, tried to make her welcome, pulling her close for a long hug, 

"We'll have to see how long it takes to turn you into a real New Yorker. Take a look at my lover, only took her about six months I think." 

Sheila didn't know how to take that comment, simply blushing and sitting down at a seat at the table. She was still feeling very odd; warm and kind of aroused, even though she had not been trying to think about her husband at all, too many months to go with him gone overseas. Sheila had also been amazed that even in the brief hug she had felt a huge bulge below Brad's belt, was this because of her? Anna brought everyone glasses with orange juice, but Sheila gasped, and giggled a little bit, it wasn't just OJ! 

Anna laughed, "drink up honey, it's called a mimosa, OJ and some nice sparkling wine, just the thing for brunch." 

Sheila decided to drink it and try to fit in now that she was in the big city. The drinks went down really easily, and soon Sheila had had five; little did she know that her drinks had twice the extra ingredient as Friday night. Anna was using her supply of pills quite rapidly! Anna had recently bought the mixture, it had been promised to make the user super horny, very open to suggestions, and also a bit submissive. By noon Sheila was almost panting with lust, she realized her pussy was literally sopping wet, it felt as if it was overflowing with her own juices. Sheila was afraid her shorts would be soaked through and showing a huge wet spot, but the drugs and sparkling wine made her smile at the danger. She was feeling pretty buzzed, definitely very happy. The conversation had been all over the place, but often returned to sexy suggestive talk, shocking but enthralling my repressed wife. 

Besides, every time Anna and Brad came near, they lightly touched her neck, shoulders or caressed her arms, she was nearly in a frenzy and could not explain why. She was tempted to make an excuse to get home, but they never gave her a chance. 

Instead Anna pulled her up and took a look at her, 

"we need to see how you look in New York style. You can't stand out dressing like you were back in college or way down south. We need to make this an adult brunch, not something boring, and every day." 

Sheila didn't understand what that meant, but by then Anna had nearly dragged her upstairs, telling Brad to stay put, that it was girls' time. Upstairs they drank another glass apiece, and Anna made Sheila do a "noon shot" of tequila. Now she was really worked up and losing all control. 

First Anna had Sheila strip, something she almost never did in front of anyone. Anna whistled, made spin around and called her sweet and hot at the same time. She made sure to rest her hands over Sheila's hips and run her fingers down her ribs, and even cup her cheeks, telling Sheila she had a cute hot ass. Sheila was feeling aroused and a bit like a sexual toy, she was totally naked and Anna was still in that skin-tight dress and latex boots, now towering over her. 

Sheila was nearly panting and ready to explode before she tried on the mystery outfit. The first outfit was a bra like normal but made of really fine satin and lace. The panties though were wild, at least to Sheila. They had no back it seemed and straps that wrapped around her. Anna laughed at her wide eyes, telling her she would never find this outfit at Walmart of Target. 

It made Sheila feel even hotter, to look at herself in the bedroom mirror, especially when Anna adjusted the cups and seemed to take a very long time to move her breasts so they fit the right way...Sheila didn't even realize she had been moaning softly. Anna stopped her and tugged just outside the daring set of panties, 

"Baby, you need a trim to wear this hot outfit, hold on." 

Anna came back in a minute with a small pair of scissors. She pulled the fancy panties down, sitting Sheila on a towel on the big king sized bed. She pushed Sheila back flat and took a minute to trim her bush. Sheila could feel the cutting and felt Anna pull and shape her mound. Anna seemed to be ensuring her free hand rubbed Sheila's sensitive lips and Sheila could swear Anna deliberately rubbed her soaking wet lips. But it was soon done, Anna pulled her up again. She showed Sheila in a hand mirror. Sheila was a bit shocked, she had almost no hair left, just a bit outlining her lips and a patch up top. But Anna told her it was still just a rough job; she would do better with a razor or waxing. Anna then pulled her panties back on, pulling them tight against Sheila's nearly bare pussy. Anna took the opportunity to mold the satin to her lips rubbing them for about ten seconds while she lightly kissed Sheila. Now Sheila really felt not only naked, but really horny too. 

Anna took the opportunity while dressing Sheila to start to give her a tutorial on how she should be dressing and putting it all together for a look. This was all very physical, with Anna touching Sheila all over as she described how to use her makeup to complement her bone structure and highlight her eyes and lips. It didn't help that Anna had been lightly kissing Sheila and pulling and stretching the straps on the panties so show how they could show off her mound. Anna also was cupping Sheila's breasts to show her how the bra pushed her up and created cleavage. Now Sheila could see her nipples really poking out! 

The second outfit was much the same with black lace and a very revealing approach to her boobs and butt, but also included a garter belt and stockings, with, of course, another thong. Anna insisted on some heels that Sheila thought she could never manage, they looked very expensive and had red soles. 

Anna made Sheila walk up and down the hall for nearly thirty minutes, drinking more champagne, until she responded to Anna's coaching and was strutting back and forth like a runway model, or stripper on a stage. She learned to place her feet across each other as she walked, so her hips swiveled and really showed off all her curves. Sheila was shocked she even thought of that, and more shocked that she wasn't bothered at all, when Anna told her she was rocking the five-inch Louboutin heels. Sheila nearly fainted when Anna told her they had cost nearly seven hundred dollars. 

Twice Anna grabbed her as she turned, massaged her ass and breasts and gave her deep soulful kisses. Sheila was shocked, but so turned on she almost exploded. But didn't stop to think how crazy this all was. Before yesterday she would have never have dreamed of kissing a hot blonde like Anna. Now she had no desire to make her stop, was responding with no restraint at all, sucking and playing with Anna's aggressive tongue. It made her wonder what was coming next, this must be the end of the fun. 

However, as Sheila secretly hoped, Anna wasn't done. She insisted that wearing sexy lingerie was only part of the effect. Anna went to work, scrubbing off Sheila's discreet makeup and totally redoing it. All through this Anna kept on having Sheila drink Champagne, spiked of course, and continued to touch her. Once she said she was done Anna allowed Sheila to turn and face the mirror. 

They looked the same now, expensive feeling foundation all over her face, giving her a smooth, very fancy look. On top of that Anna had used at least three kinds of powder to give her sophisticated, sexy, dark eyes, very defined cheekbones, and of course it was complemented by bright red lipstick. Anna had pressed and extended her lashes, making them thick and very long. Sheila decided that she loved the look, but knew she would never be able to repeat it. 

Even Anna was surprised when Sheila leaned over intending a little thank you kiss and without thinking initiated a deep and long French kiss, sparking a tongue duel with her host. Anna took advantage though, rubbing Sheila's breasts through the bra and gently tweaking her, by now, huge, swollen nipples through the lace cups of the fancy borrowed bra. 

Anna was overjoyed. It only had taken less than a day, but it seemed that Sheila was already undergoing a real change, not in control at all, not fighting the changes but embracing them. 

Anna smiled, and grabbed Sheila by the hand, "let's show Brad the new you, he will love it." 

Sheila protested, "but we can't, I'm not even dressed!" 

Anna, laughed at her and pulled her down the hall, "honey Brad will love this look, he will devour you." 

They went downstairs where Brad waited, it was going better than they could have ever hoped. Brad met them at the bottom of the stairs and was gushing over how hot Sheila looked in the lingerie, heels and makeup. He turned her around to face the wall mirror and came up close behind her. Sheila could smell Brad's musky cologne and felt his huge bulge between her cheeks. 

Brad started to give her a very sensual shoulder massage and gradually extended his hands down to rub her ribs, flat toned stomach, and just as Sheila was about to go wild, up to her breasts. Sheila was on fire and now knew what Anna meant by being devoured, she was powerless to stop him, it felt so good. 

He rubbed her breasts in circles and lightly pinched her nipples for at least five minutes. Sheila could tell she was beyond soaking wet and was really concerned, she was married, so was Brad and Anna was right in the room. She spun around and pulled away from Brad, her hand against his chest and looked over at Anna in concern. 

Anna smiled and simply said, "enjoy! he has the best cock you have ever had, and I love to watch." 

In her aroused, drunk, and drugged up state, that was good enough for Sheila. She turned back to Brad, still taller than her, even with her towering heels and looked up at him as she nibbled and sucked on his thick neck. Brad wasn't passive, he was playing with her breasts and rubbing his hard cock against her stomach. But soon Brad got serious. He removed the lingerie, leaving on the sexy garter belt, stockings and high heels as he pulled Sheila atop him on the couch. 

She was perched on Brad's lap, while he kissed, mauled, and bit her breasts. Sheila didn't know what was going on, but this was making her crazy and unable to resist. She also knew that that hugely thick bulge pushing against her narrow midsection was a sign that Brad was just as aroused. 

Instead of pain, all the rough breast play just got her more and more aroused, she was now not even able to think of slowing down or stopping she and Brad from breaking her marital vows. Now more and more Brad's hands also went south, rubbing her midsection and reaching under the tiny thong to feel her wetness. Brad was very good at this she thought he rubbed her wetness all over her pussy and then started to finger fuck Sheila's super tight snatch, first with one and then two fingers. All the while his mouth was all over her breasts and his other hand was rubbing and squeezing her ass. Sheila was constantly moaning and gripping the couch, this was going so fast! 
