 My wife Kim and I have been married for 18 years. I am just as crazy about her as I was when we first met. Over the years, her desire for intimacy has declined, but of course, mine has not. In her younger years, she says she had about 75 lovers, where I have only had a few. She says that now day, sex isn't a big deal to her. When do make love, it usually something pretty special and makes me want more.

Last fall we took a cruise out of Miami. We made the four-hour trek south from our Florida home the day before our ship was to depart, just so we weren't rushed the day we sailed. We got a nice little room that had a balcony that over looked the Biscayne Bay. When we got to the room, we both showered to freshen up from the drive and checked out the scenery from our balcony. I left the balcony door open to let the late afternoon sea air fill the room as we relaxed. We watched TV catching up with the news. I was sitting on a chair with my feet propped up on an ottoman and Kim was lying on the bed naked cooling off. 

Kim asked if I would rub her back. I agreed, as I get as much enjoyment from touching her body as she gets when I massage her. I sensed she was enjoying the full body massage, as she was moaning when I went over spots that were tight. She loves me to massage her butt cheeks (I do too). As I squeezed, spread and kneaded her cheeks, she again began to moan. Kim's legs were spread slightly apart. When I would spread her cheeks I got a perfect view of her little rosebud and the opening of her pink and wet pussy. As I continued to rub her butt, I made sure my hands make their way between her legs so I could spread her cheeks even wider apart and make contact with her rosebud. I did this to gauge her willingness for some anal play. When she is in the mood, she will let me (sometimes begs me) slip a finger or even my dick in her ass. I got no resistance from her as I probed. I took this as a good sign. I was extremely turned on at this point. The full light in the room allowed to see every detail of her body. Normally when we are intimate, the lights are off or I can make out her curves by candle light. 

I decided to take a chance and lick her rosebud. She normally doesn't like me to lick her there, as she says it makes her uncomfortable. To my amazement, she didn't object. So I held her cheeks apart and gently began licking and probing her asshole with my tongue. I got a couple of pillows, placed them under her mid section, and spread her legs a bit more so I had better access to her goodies. By now, I was hard as a rock. In this position, her ass and pussy were on full display, inviting me to dive in. I went back to licking her rosebud and down to her pussy. As I stuck my tongue in to her pussy, I pushed my nose into her ass. She began to push her ass into me, gyrating her hips a bit. I went back to licking and pushing my tongue into her asshole while slipping a couple of fingers into her pussy. I was surprised when she reached back with her hands and spread her checks apart for me. As she did this began to moan even more as I continued to pleasure her.

Since she was in an anal mood, I lubed my index finger with her pussy juice and pressed it against her beautiful rosebud. I gently pushed and slowly entered her ass. Again, her moans of pleasure filled the room. This was the first time in all of our years together she let me have unrestricted access to her in this way with full light. I watched intently as my finger slid in and out of her ass. The vision of her asshole swallowing and releasing my finger was something I won't forget. After a few minutes of this, she said she wanted me inside of her. I slowly withdrew my finger. Kim got on her hands and knees giving me full access to her. My dick felt so hard at this point, it almost hurt. I could see her pussy was glistening from the flow of her juices. I moved up behind her and easily slipped my dick into her pussy. It felt so hot and wet. I knew I had to take it easy or I would soon cum. I slowly fucked her. Pushing all the way into her and backing out just so my dick was barely touching the entrance to her pussy. Kim began to moan from the pleasure she was getting from my fucking her. I then grabbed her hips and picked up the pace of plunging in and out of her pussy. Her moaning and the warm friction on my dick were getting a bit too much for me and I knew that I would have to cum soon. I pulled out so I could calm down to last a bit longer.

She asked me to get her vibrator. I did as she asked. She was now lying on her back. She began to use the vibrator on her pussy. Fucking herself with it and letting it dance over her clit. While she was doing this, I was caressing her breasts and sucking her nipples. My urge to cum had subsided, so I asked her if I could put it in her ass. She had a mesmerized look on her face from the vibrations on her pussy and nodded her head yes. As I moved away from her body, she got back on her hands and knees. I dipped my dick back in her pussy for lubrication, took it out and then placed it against her anal opening. I gently put pressure against her until her opening gave way. I slowly entered her, stopping until she was comfortable with the amount of penetration. I did this until I was all the way in. As I began to slowly fuck her, she slipped the vibrator back into her pussy. The combination of the tightness of her ass and the vibrator on the other side of the thin wall that separates her ass and pussy felt awesome. I knew I was going to cum soon. I looked down to watch my dick slide in and out of her ass. All of this was too much for my senses so I picked up the pace until I let loose with one of the most intense orgasms I have ever had. It seemed like I was pouring and endless stream of cum into her ass. Kim was still working on her pussy with the vibrator. As I pulled out of her ass, she rolled onto her back and put the vibrator on her clit. I caressed her breasts as she focused on bringing herself to orgasm. It wasn't long before her body tensed and she let out several guttural groans as she came.

Kim was lying there breathing deeply recovering from our lovemaking. I was lying at Kim's side holding her and telling her how much I loved her. We talked about how nice it was going to be making love on the cruise. More to come from the cruise........