 I drove over to see my friend Alan and his pregnant wife Beth. We had all been friends back in our high school days. Unfortunately, Alan got to Beth before I did. She was so cute and shapely. I cursed myself sometimes for not getting to her first. I pulled into the driveway and walked up to the front door. Alan came rushing out and walked to his car.

 "You talk to her Matt!"

 He drove off and I walked into the house. There stood Beth sobbing.

 "He won't touch me anymore," Beth told me.

 I wondered what I had gotten into the middle of. Beth came over to me and threw her arms around my neck. She buried her face into my shoulder and cried. Damn, I hated when women did this. She wasn't even my wife. Beth finally pulled back. She looked at me and then kissed me hard on the mouth. Beth forced her tongue into my mouth and we had a passionate kiss.

 "I should have married you instead," she told me.

 Alan was a bit of a redneck. He only got worse after school. I was a loyal friend but he pushed my buttons more than once. Beth was horny as hell. That much I figured out. She moved me over to the couch and had me sit down. Beth knelt and pulled off my pants and underwear. I hate to admit it but my dick was hard. Beth stood up and she took off her shirt. Her big belly was sticking out. I seem to remember she was about seven months pregnant.

 She shed the shorts she was wearing. Her pubic hair was trimmed way back. I could see her pussy lips protruding. Beth came over to me and she straddled me. Beth began to rub her folds against my dick. I was standing straight up. Beth finally lifted her bulging belly up and then sunk down into my erection. Fuck, did that feel good. Beth was so tight. It took some minutes before I was completely inside her tunnel.

 Beth did all the work. She raised and lowered herself as my prick went deep into her belly.

 "You're so fucking big Matt!" She told me.

 It didn't matter how big my cock was. Beth needed a hard bone in her pussy. I did reach up and squeezed her ripe melons. Beth squealed as she took my cock inside her wet pussy. She was wet alright. You could hear the sound of my cock working in and out of her hole. Beth was moaning and telling me how much she needed me to fuck her. I pushed up to make sure she got every inch of me. 

 All I could think of was that Alan would walk in and see me buried in his wife's hot quim. He never showed up as we fucked there on the couch. Beth just went wild taking my cock into her body. I had no idea how long we went at it. I did feel a pinch like I was getting close. At least I didn't have worry about making Beth pregnant. Beth lowered herself onto me one final time. I shot my hot cream deep into her body.

 Beth's head went back. Her muscles tightened around my shaft. That made me cum even harder. Beth made sure she got every sticky drop from my prick. It took some minutes for the both of us to calm down. Beth kissed me one last time. She pulled off and I saw my seed dripping from her hole. Beth managed to get to her feet. She went to the bathroom to clean up. When she came back she said I should get dressed snd leave.



"Alan will cool off and be back."

 I pulled my pants and underwear back on. Beth made sure we exchanged phone numbers. I left and went home. My mind was spinning about what had happened. I had fucked my friend's pregnant wife and gave her a load of my cream. I was in my bed naked. My cock was still half erect that night. I heard my phone go off. I had a text message. It was from Beth. She said how fantastic the sex had been.

 "I can still feel your cum swimming around in my pussy."

 Beth said she wanted me again. She promised that the sex would be even better the next time around. I wondered what I had gotten myself into. Sure enough I had Beth again. Alan was heading up to his father's hunting camp for the weekend. He didn't even think that he was leaving his pregnant wife all alone. Actually, she wasn't alone. I spent almost two days with my cock deep inside Beth.

 She was like a whore who couldn't get enough. Beth would lie on the edge if the bed. I would push her legs back as far as I could. I drove my prick deep inside her sopping wet pussy. I never heard such screams as when I buried myself deep. She craved cock and I gave her what she needed. Beth would also get on her hands and knees. She placed a pillow under her swollen belly. I got in behind with my hands on her hips.

 I slid in deep. Beth gripped me hard as I pounded her hole as hard as I could. Beth said she couldn't live without my cock. She needed me from now on. I realized how stupid I had become. Alan was bound to find out I had been fucking his pregnant wife. Somehow I didn't care. Pregnant or not I needed to be in Beth's pussy. I became even dumber and I told Beth that she was mine. That's all Beth needed to hear.

 I lost count of how many loads of my seed I gave Beth that weekend. I loved to watch when I pulled out and my white cum came dripping out from Beth's pussy lips. It seems that events will just have to play out. I'm not finished with giving Beth more of my baby seed.