 A Wife Transformed: from Innocent Young Bride to Kinky Ravenous Slut in only Nine Months

Part III -- Month One weeks one and two. Early Steps and Preparation for Bigger Changes Begin -- The Journey becomes more Serious 

*************

3rd Part of a multi-part story of how a wife in just nine months comes out of her cocoon to be become a sexual dynamo.

*********

A New Kind of Workplace 

 

Monday at about 9:30 Anna honked the horn and Sheila rushed out to the blonde's German sports car. She had slept like a log, exhausted by all the sex and drinking and overall debauchery over the last two and a half days. Sheila had taken an hour after her cup of coffee to get her new outfit together, though to be honest, there wasn't a lot of clothing to put on. However, she was not exactly full of energy yet today, and in the first day on the job, she didn't want to disappoint Anna.

As Sheila left the condo, she glanced in the cheap mirror she had put up near the door. Her makeup was a little amateurish she knew, but was still pretty hot looking she thought. Especially as compared to the minimal approach she had always taken, trying to just blend into the background, it felt like she had on pounds of beauty products. She had not had enough time to work on her hair so left it long and straight. Compared to the weekend she felt she had only highlighted her eyes and lips with some of the makeup supplies that Anna had insisted she take.

Her borrowed dress was a cotton spandex number in bright yellow. It was skin-tight, sleeveless and barely reached a third of the way to her knees. Sheila was a little afraid she would be too risqué to work in the store, but after all Anna had just about forced the dress on her. She felt like it wasn't the old her, but she told me she already liked the new Sheila. This Sheila certainly got fucked and came a lot more than the original model she told me with a smile.

As Sheila managed, amazingly enough, to walk smoothly in the borrowed high heels over to the car, she realized immediately that she was sedate compared to her new boss. Anna was behind the wheel and was wearing a dress of some kind of black leather, but especially with three days of the special drugs building up in her body, Sheila thought it looked kind of hot. The dress proved that clothing can be sexy and hot even if it isn't brief, Sheila was thinking.

When they got out of the car at the store Anna led the way. She walked up to a small boutique on her own towering heels. The shop was tucked in along a major commercial street, the window showed some racy outfits on the mannequins, but it didn't scream sex shop. Sheila realized as she looked at Anna moving to the front door, she had been underestimating how racy the black dress was. The dress was made of skin-tight black leather, it was actually not much leather. It didn't reach her shoulders and ended about half way to Anna's knees, wrapping around her front in a solid body-hugging piece. It was way low on Anna's breasts in front and laced all the way up the back, but that left a big gap the length of the dress. As Sheila looked at it, she realized the effect of the full length gap, covered only by lacing was to show off everything. The dress was thin expensive looking leather and showed off all of Anna's assets. The only blatantly sexy part was in the rear, that full length opening, only covered by black leather lacing.

Anna didn't cross the gap with any piece of top, she clearly hadn't worn a bra, but was depending on the leather to support her large breasts. Down lower there wasn't even a G-string or thong across the gap, what Sheila immediately thought of as Anna's ass cleavage; Anna had gone full commando. As Anna twirled around to show off, Sheila noticed stockings or thigh highs that ended with some truly towering heels. The heels had some kind of platform that was covered in front, but the shoes must have added seven inches to Anna's sexy frame. What kind of store was this where a dress like that was ok for the owner to wear?

Anna explained, as she unlocked the front door, that they sold high fashion exotic and erotic adult wear, and that part of the store's approach was all the staff had to dress in items the store sold, no exceptions. But the upside was steep employee discounts, special credit programs, and a great commission system. Looking across the small shop Sheila could smell the strong smell of high quality leather and saw rack after rack of shiny latex garb. Even the mannequins looked super sexy. There was a separate section for shoes and boots, as Sheila looked at the shelves there didn't seem to be anything less than four inches and most were six or higher. She swore some of the truly fetish looking shoes were nine inches high. She also noticed a small jewelry section that seemed to be full of body chains and rings and other pieces that had to be for piercings she guessed.

Anna was a bit surprised she told Sheila later, that even on day three of this, Sheila was no longer shocked at everything and already didn't even raise an eyebrow at each new experience. But Sheila told me that she was so hopped up on the supplements, and so affected by the tremendous number of orgasms over the weekend, she was just kind of going with the flow and withholding judgement now. It had been wild, and had blown away Sheila's prior comfort zone, but she was willing to see what working for Anna entailed. She needed a job, and figured this place would make her a decent amount, if she could fit in and learn how to convince customers to buy this kinky garb.

Anna's leather dress and seven-inch heels were simply part of the marketing approach Brad and Anna had adopted Anna explained. All the customers knew by now that the entire staff was women and modeled the merchandise. It didn't hurt that the kind of woman willing to wear such exotic clothing was pretty much guaranteed to be very hot and very open to just about anything. Anna told Sheila that feedback in their online survey form was that the sales staff and the sexy clothing they wore was a big reason for a lot of their clientele picking their store first every time for those special outfits.

And Anna confided in Sheila with a sly grin, the sales girls got to sample all the hard dick and wet pussy they wanted. It seemed that nearly all the customers were up for some more intimate help than mainline stores offered. And Anna smiled as she told Sheila with a laugh that the extra help usually resulted in a sale, a huge tip, and if it went well a great orgasm. While she was telling Sheila this new aspect of the sales effort Anna kissed her and rubbed her nipples through the barely there yellow slip dress. Although only three days ago Sheila would have slapped Anna's hands away and been revolted at the kiss, now all she could do was moan, push her tits against Anna's hands and play with Anna's tongue with her own tongue. Anna smiled down at her, thinking that this southern chick had only just begun to destroy her inhibitions and was already a very willing participant in the process Anna had started.

Sheila wasn't totally sure, but Anna looked like sex personified, she was turning her on, and the store was certainly doing well. She had worked in retail before, but not like this store of course. She knew she and Dan needed some extra income too. The yellow mini-dress and heels that Anna had insisted she borrow, and Sheila thought way too risqué for anyone, much less her, was very tame by comparison to Anna, but Sheila figured it would work on day one.

Sheila was amazed as she strolled around the sales racks that after only three days, walking in six-inch heels seemed to be natural. She had opted for dark glasses after the weekend excesses, especially as all the drinking over the weekend made the bright light of day painful. Sheila also loved the way the heels made her legs look so much longer and sexier. And what made it better was the very distinctive sound of the high heels on any hard surface, it kind of sounded like a prelude to sex she decided. Sheila smiled over at me, as she paused to rub my dick,

"and I had already decided all this crazy sex was better than pretty much anything else I had been part of before moving to New York."

She couldn't understand it, but the tiny thong that Anna has also insisted she wear as it was the only thing that wouldn't show lines, was soaking wet and molded to her lower lips. Sheila also realized that after Anna's kisses and breast play her nipples were poking right through the yellow fabric. Sheila had not been able to find a bra that would work under the thin spandex of the dress, so for a first time ever, went braless. She hadn't wanted to ruin the lines of the dress with a bra, but now the rubbing of the silky spandex fabric was making her even more aroused.

Besides, none of this was Sheila's normal underwear. When Anna had seen Sheila's underwear on Sunday night, all from Walmart, she shrieked and just threw most of it in the trash. She went to her place and returned after fifteen minutes, pushing a pile of thongs, bras, and garter belts into Sheila's hands. Sheila was shocked. It was not her kind of clothing, totally full of lace and satin, amazingly brief in what it covered, and clearly too much too accept. Anna brushed her off and called it a gift, just part of her reinvention.

That Monday morning Sheila got to try on her first piece of exotic fetish clothing. Again, Anna said the rule was firm, and that the yellow dress wasn't meeting the store's standards. So, no matter that Sheila had assumed her dress was going to be fine for day one, Anna wasn't going to allow it. She told Sheila that she couldn't work there if she didn't wear the merchandise...but wow, Sheila told me, this was a pretty big step, even from that slutty yellow dress.

Anna led Sheila into a small back office, lined with mirrors. She first redid Sheila's face again, outlining her eyes in kohl and redoing her entire face to match the way Sheila had looked Saturday and Sunday. She was talking to Sheila throughout giving her lessons on how to work the makeup for her eyes, lips and cheekbones. Then Anna pulled that yellow dress carefully up over Sheila's head, leaving her in high heels, thigh highs and a tiny thong. Sheila's nipples were hard and stiff in the coolness of the office.

Sheila gasped as Anna brought over her new outfit. It started with a black latex dress, that looked quite small, but included a super high pair of what looked like latex boots. The black dress she pulled up over Sheila's ass after she had rubbed white powder all over Sheila's upper body. Anna told Sheila that talcum powder was essential for wearing latex, as she zipped up a hidden zipper up the back. The dress was long sleeved and went all the way up her neck but was super tight. Sheila realized that all of her assets were hanging out, especially as the dress barely came below her thong. If the yellow dress didn't allow a bra, this one really didn't make room for one. She looked over in the mirrored wall and realized she looked totally different, but hot.

Anna left on her thigh-highs, but pulled up the latex boots over her knees. The boots laced up the front, but there were hidden zippers on the side. Most importantly, they had two inch platforms and seven inch heels. Sheila stood up and again looked in the mirror. She was shocked how tall she was, but loved the sexy look the boots gave her legs. She thought she looked very sexy, admiring her hot fetish outfit and how the whole outfit transformed her slim body into a very feminine shape. She could feel her slit moisten as she ran her fingers over her own breasts and pulled her nipples over and over.

With her daily dose of her drug cocktail hidden in her morning coffee, this both turned Sheila on and removed all resistance she might have put up only a week ago. Playing with her own breasts through the latex was totally turning Sheila on. She had no idea that her breasts could feel this good. And even better, the latex mini-dress was so tight that every curve of Sheila's body seemed to be totally exposed, including her now very hard nipples. They poked through the top like two oversized erasers.

Sheila told me that she realized something must been going on, she was uncontrollably horny for four days now, but the feeling of actually looking like Anna, wearing the boots and the sexy dress was itself making her even more aroused. She admitted the restrained, in-control girl, I had always known was already rapidly slipping away. Sheila told me, that she was already thinking that if stepping out on me was what Saturday and Sunday were all about, she knew she couldn't behave the next nine months.

As Sheila gout used to the new outfit, she felt her pussy already soaking with her juices and knew her nipples were totally hard, and were going to remain very noticeable through the skin-tight latex. I had always loved her pert nipples and Sheila was always embarrassed by them, but now she realized they looked pretty hot poking through the sexy dress Anna had put her in today. Sheila, smiled at Anna and handed her a smartphone. She had Anna snap a picture and said that she wanted to show Dan after he returned. That Anna took as another good sign of how much Sheila was going to embrace her new lifestyle.

Sheila also liked Anna's touch and loved the fact that at the end of the day she knew she had not lost the retail selling gift. She sold over $3,000 worth of exotic, sexy, and yes obscene clothing on Monday, her first day, and even better, she was working on commission. Several older male customers stayed very close to her, hanging on her every word and being very touchy. A week ago, Sheila would have slapped their hands and maybe even their faces, now she realized she really was getting turned on and liked the sexual interaction and her new-found feelings of power, not to mention how it helped close the sale. She got used to leaning against the guys and whispering in their ears about the merchandise, ensuring her breasts were pressed against their arms and her tongue was nearly in their ears. Wow she was turned on!

On the way home Anna insisted Sheila come over for a girl's night. They had more wine, and as Sheila was starting to suspect, another dose of her special ingredient. She was starting to love the feeling as the drugs spread through her system and raised her arousal level, yet again.

As they finished their salads and wandered downstairs to watch some videos, Anna pulled Sheila close and once again started taking possession of her mouth, her tongue was soooo long Sheila thought. They both were totally into it, kissing and nipping at each other's lips. There seemed to be a direct connection from her lips to her soaking wet pussy.

Their makeup was still dark and heavy and their lips a sexy red. Sheila was now not resisting but a very active participant. She told me she had never realized what she might be missing and had already decided to take this as far and as fast as possible. She loved how her 24-year-old body was reacting to all the sex and new experiences. Sheila had always insisted lesbians were sick, and now she started to realize, as Anna kissed her aggressively and played with her breasts through the latex, she had no idea how different and fun girl on girl could be. It only got better when Anna began to push the sopping wet thong into Sheila's pussy and rub it against her clit.

As they watched a really raunchy video, together on the couch, they stayed very physical with each other. The movie was this hot blonde who was getting fucked by at least five other people, three men and two women. The blonde was totally into it, thrusting and sucking, and at points encouraging all the others with streams of absolutely filthy directions. Sheila gasped, when she saw the blondes' face. Anna was the one getting fucked and Brad was one of the dicks she was sucking. Anna smiled, as she was sitting right behind Sheila, she started to pinch Sheila's nipples through the latex dress. She whispered in Sheila's ear,

"Yes, my pet, yet another adventure in your future. You won't believe how much fun I had, and then get to repeat it each time I watch the video. I bet you will love five or six cocks just for you to enjoy."

Within a few minutes all their clothes were off again. Sheila realized that night that leather couches felt really nice, and all their pussy juice wouldn't soak in. No Brad this time and for the first time Sheila ended up underneath Anna. They enjoyed a hot and sweaty sixty-nine, her tongue buried in her boss' pussy. She also realized the advantages of a Brazilian waxing, it made everything so much easier for her, but she felt guilty for likely getting hair in Anna's teeth.

Anna was returning the favor, pushing her tongue deep inside Sheila, driving her crazy with ignoring then sucking and pulling on her clit. She finally drove her over the edge with another unexpected change. Once again Anna was expanding Sheila's horizons both physically and behaviorally.

Anna took her right index finger, which was soaking wet from finger fucking Sheila, pulled it out then started teasing the skin below Sheila's slit, but didn't stop there. She then teased Sheila's back entry, pausing to begin to slowly push her finger right up Sheila's anal passage. Sheila yelped, pulling her mouth down from Anna's bare pussy, but then realized the finger felt really really good, sawing in and out of her ass. She was not just changing; she was embracing every new sensation and kink.

"Oh, my god" she gasped, "no one has ever done THAT before, and moaning heavily added, please don't stop. My ass feels so good."

Anna continued to saw her finger in and out of Sheila's ass as she took long licks up and down Sheila's hot clit, stopping every few licks to suck it like a lollipop, until Sheila screamed and nearly bit Anna's clit off. She was totally out of control as her orgasm hit and overpowered her. As they recovered, lying all wrapped in each other on the well-used couch, Sheila told Anna she was amazed that her finger had fit up Sheila's rear, and had felt so good. Anna smiled over at her,

"Oh, honey, don't worry about that, in fact this will be the smallest thing in your ass from now on, wait till you feel Brad's cock up there! If you came from my finger, that big dick will be a dream for you."

Tuesday through Friday was at first just like Monday. Sheila was still trying to figure out what was a normal day with Anna. They got to the store had their coffee, that did seem to have a special pick-me-up for Sheila. She now was pretty sure that Anna was spiking her drinks all day long, but realized she not only didn't really mind, she kind of liked the effect on her libido. Anna then pulled out another outfit for Sheila to model and wear all day, and never the same outfit. On Thursday there was a big contrast between Sheila and Anna that customers remarked upon all day long.

Sheila was wearing black again, but it was quite different, no skirt or dress this time. After another sensual application of talc powder, including not only a breast but also a leg massage this time, Anna pulled up a pair of skinny pants, of course made of skin-tight black latex. She paired them with calf length high heel boots that fit on top of those very tight plastic pants nicely. Sheila's top was a barely-there bustier that somehow made her boobs look twice as large with some hidden boning on the upper section. Wildly enough, it was cut down almost to her nipples, while exposing the sides of her breasts to an alarmingly degree. Of course, Anna helped Sheila with her makeup again, though already Sheila was showing real talent there and Anna really only needed to give her a few pointers. Sheila was shocked when Anna called her very red lips, blowjob ready.
