 Section 19

Aaron surprised his self at how quickly he could move. He was off the table, straightening his clothes and lifting Chelle down in less than a second. Surprising himself at how rational and organized his thinking was, he had her slip the gown on, be seated in the chair and then tossed a sheet to cover her bottom half. He stepped to the door, running one hand through his hair and then straightened his tie. He opened the door, placing himself in front so no one could walk in.

Dr. Walters smiled at him. "Could I see you in my office for a moment, Dr. Masters?"

Aaron nodded and felt his heart sink into his shoes. This was it- the end of his career, he thought as he followed the older man into his office. Aaron closed the door behind him, and sat in the chair across the desk from Dr. Walters. He knew he'd been playing with fire...

Dr. Walters smiled at Aaron, which threw him suddenly. "I was handed Chelle's lab results by mistake and had read them before it dawned on me. As soon as I saw them, I knew I had to interrupt you." He passed the clipboard across the desk, and as Aaron read the top paper, he went on. "I'd be happy to tell her, if you wish. Since the wedding is so close, I doubt it will be a big surprise. Of course, there's no need for birth control now, but we do need to cover a few items for her early prenatal care."

Aaron felt a roaring in his ears. He only heard a small portion of what was said. He was too wrapped up in his own emotions to think beyond the moment. Of course, that is what had got him in this situation in the first place! But right now, he couldn't appreciate the humor in that statement. Chelle had his baby in her womb and was due to marry another man in a few days. Suddenly losing his practice and everything he'd worked so damned hard for seemed to fade in importance. He'd wanted a child, and a wife... Hell, he wanted the whole damned package! But he also knew that since he'd not had a serious relationship that lasted more than a few months, his chances of forming a connection that would lead to marriage had become a topic put back on a shelf somewhere. But today, it was a reality.

Dr. Walters was standing, having taken Aaron's silence as his agreement that he should tell Chelle. Later, Aaron would think that he'd never seen the old doctor move so fast. And like in a dream, he heard a door opening and Dr. Walters voice greeting Chelle. He heard nothing else because the door had closed behind him. After a moment, Aaron returned to his office and removed his white coat. He grabbed his sports coat and walked to the reception desk. He was leaving early he told them, and walked out. *** Chelle left the office building and started walking towards her car. Her purse was stuffed full of brochures, along with a list of doctors who were obstetricians. Running her hand through her hair, she stopped in her tracks. That was the last thing she had seen Aaron do, just before he'd walked out of her life such a short time ago. Even now, she wasn't completely sure on what she'd thought would happen. Hell, she was still dealing with what had happened! Maybe later she'd be able to think over what she'd expected to happen. But she'd never even considered the possibility...

Chelle stopped again. She looked around, dazed. She didn't know where she was...

"Get in the car, Chelle." Aaron spoke loud enough of her to hear, but not a shout. He had waited in his car, planning on following Chelle home. But then she'd come out of the building, and walked right past the parking lot. After a moment, he realized she wasn't coming back and followed her in his car. He trailed behind her for two blocks, not wanting to startle her. But when she stopped abruptly and he saw her looking around, he drove his car forward until he was next to her.

Aaron watched Chelle as she turned slowly to look at the car. He hadn't fully appreciated the effect of the seductive dress earlier. She looked so sexy that he could feel himself getting hard once again. And then, out of nowhere, came the thought of how would Chelle look in five months? Would her belly be pouched out just a hint, or nicely rounded like a ball? And would her breasts still be the same, or would they be a little larger, or "heavy hangers" and full of milk to suckle their baby? 

Aaron shook his head in surprise. He was even more aroused imagining Chelle's body misshapen with pregnancy! He repeated his command, leaning over and pushing the door open. As he watched, Chelle walked the few feet to the car. His eyes went to her legs, which were exposed almost to upper thigh as she stepped down into the car. She was unused to wear such short skirts, but right now she could have been almost naked for all the attention she was giving her appearance. As soon as the door closed, he drove down the street.

Section 20 

Aaron drove his car as he handled his life, disciplined, decisive and in a deductive manner. A jumbled thought process had wrecked all rational mental process and he relinquished the physical control of his body to automatic responses. As he turned onto the westbound ramp of I-70, he stabbed the gearshift from fourth to third and pressed the accelerator to the floor. With the tachometer nearing redline he felt the harmonics of the engine match the current singing of his heart. 

Aaron shook the mental process of the previous hour, which continued to overload his brain. Think he cursed in silence, "Woman", "Baby", "Fiancé", "Wedding", Pregnancy", "Family", "Diapers", "Career"," In-laws", "Stretch marks", "Fatherhood", "Teddy Bears".... His mind could not absorb all the information; he needed time, which at the moment seemed in short supply. 

As the Mustang headed West into the setting Sun, Aaron felt the warmth of Chelle's hand slip over his resting on the gearshift. Not a single word was uttered. Both stared straight ahead through the windshield as the brilliance of a beautiful sunset warmed them. Intertwined digits seemed the only stability in either of their lives at this exact moment and neither contemplated letting go. The occasional tear slipped down both their faces but neither moved to wipe away the emotion the other felt.

Aaron tried to evaluate his mindset. A logical order called for him to vent some of the feelings banging away inside of his heart. He breathed in and held his air. He had a woman who he'd only met a week ago, "in an examination room with her feet in stirrups' and proceeded not only to deflower her but impregnate her with his own sperm. Damn! The first funny thought rifled through his head, "should he turn this in to the Division of Family Service, or file a Workman's Comp Claim?" He wanted to share this humor with Chelle, but he could only imagine where her thoughts were at this moment. Could she have left his office a week ago and made Steve perform on demand, and he be the father of the child growing inside her womb? Aaron quickly discounted that notion. Steve was a self-consuming controlling ex football jock that knew nothing about the passions capable inside Chelle's body. Last Friday's visit proved Aaron had played on a field Steve had never suited up for even in his wildest dreams. 

Damn! Steve and Chelle were to be married in two days. The logic was beginning to restructure Aaron's brain. Chelle is a patient, Steve is the fiancé, a wedding is scheduled, parents and friends would attend, a baby would be born ...... "Default, Default... did Chelle want to have a baby. What did she think of this person inside sharing her body?" There was too much noise inside Aaron's head. He drove west on I-70 with no destination in mind, much like his life seemed to be at the moment. His fuel tank was full and the woman next to him who he'd seen twice had a full tank too, thanks to him. Aaron could not think in a rational manner, his brain was scrambled and Chelle carried his baby. The only guidance was the lines on the highway. After driving 2 hours and not a word uttered since leaving the parking lot at the clinic, Aaron turned to Chelle and asked "Do you have any idea where were going?"

Section 21

Chelle turned to look at Aaron. She wasn't sure what he meant. "I don't know." She turned her head to look out the window. "It doesn't look like we're anywhere near my place, though."

Aaron nodded, but also knowing that he had meant in the bigger sense of things rather than actual location. Before he could think of anything else to say, Chelle went on. "Could you pull into that rest stop? I really need to potty, if you wouldn't mind."

A few minutes later, Aaron was parking the car. Before he could turn to say anything, Chelle was out of the car and inside the building already. He locked the car and decided to make use of the facilities as well. Leaving the restroom, Aaron started for the car when he thought a cold drink would taste good. He glanced around, but didn't see Chelle. He walked around the corner to where the vending machines were housed when he heard Chelle's voice. He stopped as he realized she was on the phone. He didn't give a damn about the old saying regarding eavesdroppers.

"No, Steve."

Aaron gritted his teeth as he realized that Chelle was talking to her fiancé. "Shit," he murmured under his breath. This was one hell of a situation he realized. It wasn't only careless teens, he could preach in the future, who could get into tough situations following unprotected sex. He moved a little closer to hear what Chelle was saying more clearly.

"I'm sorry your plans have been changed, but I'm still not going to be able to pick up your dry-cleaning." Aaron heard silence and realized Chelle must have been listening to her fiancé. Twice she tried to interrupt him, but was cut off. Aaron silently cursed her fiancé and called him every kind of asshole. He stopped though when Chelle started to speak again. "Well, Steve I'm afraid that there are going to be a lot of things you will need to do for yourself from now on." 

Chelle starting tapping her foot on the floor as she listened to his complaining. "Well, Steve..."

Aaron moved closer and saw that Chelle had taken the receiver away from her ear and was lightly banging it against her forehead. He took another step closer, intending on rescuing Chelle's abused head when she stopped. 

"Dammit Steve! Just shut the fuck up for a change! The world doesn't revolve around you, and neither do I from now on. The wedding is off! You need to get that through your thick head." Another moment of silence and then Chelle replied. "Don't worry about that! My mom is calling to cancel everything. All you have to do is let your family know. I'm not joking... No! Goodbye."

Chelle slammed the phone down and turned so quickly she bumped into Aaron. "Oh, damn! Aaron, I am so sorry. I didn't see you."

Aaron had reached out and clasped her upper arms, steadying her. "It's all right, honey. I was eavesdropping."

Chelle flushed and then she smiled. "Well, you heard then." She opened her small purse and pulled out some change. Walking over to the vending machine, Chelle got herself a soda. She looked at Aaron. "What would you like?" After getting his drink, she walked to the other machine and bought two large chocolate bars. She looked up and saw Aaron watching her. "Hey, I thought cravings were normal?"

Aaron shrugged. "It's probably too soon."

Chelle tore off the wrapper of one and bit into the chocolate. "Then I'm eating for two." She turned away in a huff and walked back to the car. Aaron jogged after her, pressing the remote key chain and unlocking the door. Starting the car, he started the drive back into the city.

Section 22

The drive back into the city passed too quickly for the two of them. Chelle and Aaron had yakked like a couple of teenagers talking about everything from their families to their preferences in of ice cream. 

Chelle told Aaron, "I've never had such an intimate discussion about myself with another... its like a renaissance, the whole world of concerns and fears have been lifted from me." 

Aaron smiled an admitted, "you're a very amazing woman Chelle, and you've covered a whole lot of ground in a very short span of time." 

"But I covered all that ground because you allowed me to" she replied flashing the sweetest smile. Aaron had allowed her grow up and she trusted him in not trying to control her. "It wasn't like this with Steve, does it brother you that I want to talk about him?" 

Aaron looked into her eyes and provided the release Chelle needed from any concerns that her ex fiancé would come between them either mentally or in conversation. Chelle's decision to call off her wedding and terminate the 12 year relationship with the best looking football jock to graduate from Blue Valley high had left no more impact on her than changing a fast food order at McDonalds at the last second. She knew that the venting would take time over the course of many months, but Aaron's response proved that he was not jealous and would allow Chelle to discover and deal with the little issues as she decided to confront.

As they turned off the avenue onto the side street, Aaron felt a knot grow inside his stomach. A silent hush entered the interior of the car as Aaron parked in front of Chelle's apartment. Aaron turned to Chelle and started to speak when Chelle offered a time worn phrase, easing the knot in gut. 

"Would you like to come inside?" 

With the tenseness gone by her invitation, Aaron's dry wit emerge again, "Again?" 

Chelle blushed till her fair complexion turned dark red. She opened the door and told Aaron "Be sure and lock it."

Aaron followed Chelle up the walk toward the Tudor style complex. It was a well cared for older building and the landscaping framed Chelle's body as he watched her body glide across the walk. The gentle sway of her hips sent him to the outer reaches of his saneness. Mr. Happy was stirring in his boxers and he had to feel her body. When she placed the key inside the lock of the door, Chelle was spun around and felt her feet leave the ground. "I've always wanted to kiss a beautiful girl on the front step." Before Chelle could respond, her lips were sandwiched with Aaron's. The world disappeared for the next five minutes. 

Chelle broke the lip lock and announced, "I need to pee." Then she smiled, "I'm expecting, you know!"

Aaron couldn't allow this straight line to pass, "Expecting what?"