 He had cum on her stomach, splashed her panties and short, brief skirt, rubbed his cock over her sopping wet pussy and denied her climax in favour of his own. 

Bastard! 

He rolled her over and, with her torn shirt, tied her hands behind her back. He then used her for over three hours in a sequence of slow, deliberate, sexual torment. He cut the clothes from her glorious body, secured her, bent, over a chair; bottom and labia exposed, and fucked her to several ecstatic, exhausting orgasms. The experience had made her faint. It had never happened to her before or since.

Jessica Weston shivered, trying to turn her thoughts away from Steed Fowler before she ended up with a wet spot at the crotch of her tight white jeans. She moved to the window of her apartment, and, letting her hands roam loose in the tresses of her shoulder length blond hair, looked out at the endless lake of water before her and the deep blue sky broken only by the wispiest of clouds. 

This was paradise, but Steed was coming to see her. 

Why? 

She had been 'sacked' from her role as a presenter on Fox Sports. They were letting her contract run down and her future now lie in other directions. It was fine by her, fine by them and, in any event, she was sick of being nothing but eye candy for the late night viewers. Open another button here, sit on the desk and cross your legs there ..... She was better than that and she would prove it!

Jessica was tall, slender and stunning. In fact her occasional appearances behind the mic on WWE had lead to Vince McMahon offering her a part in the WWE to replace Stacy Keibler such was the attraction of her presence. However, her presenting career was over, she was moving on to other, more credible, opportunities. She didn't need Fox, WWE or any presenting job, so what did Steed want?

Steed Fowler was a high flying, low life. He ran cheap imitations of sports 'magazine' shows using risqué parodies of well known presenters, across lesser known, more regionally oriented cable channels. The very fact that he was visiting after such a long time out of her life concerned her.

Staring again at the idyllic surroundings Jessica once more found herself thinking about Steed. The bastard was old enough to be her father, but still ................ Those orgasms, that afternoon, the feelings of ecstasy, what a memory!

The sounds of a summer afternoon through an open window infiltrated her mind, relaxing Jessica until a new sound came to her attention; an approaching car. A blue Mercedes rolled into view. She knew it was him and her stomach fluttered. She watched as Steed climbed out through the driver's door and could not help but stare at his huge torso; bulging biceps threatening to burst through his white T-shirt. He was in great condition for a man of any age never mind one of his advancing years. She felt the on rush of that wet patch once again.

"Steed," she welcomed the impresario cordially, if a little reservedly.

"Jessica, how are you?" He craned his neck forward and kissed her cheek. 

"You look as beautiful as ever Jessica," his eyes lingered on her unrestrained breasts, "makes me wish .........."

He smiled meaningfully scanning the length of her tall, slim frame and Jessica blushed. She might have already achieved way beyond the ambition of her wildest dreams, and be secure in the knowledge that, at twenty four years old, she could have pretty much any man she wanted but Steed Fowler had a powerful charisma that, despite her deep resentment of his character, made her go weak in his presence. She shook herself and dragged her eyes away from his expansive chest.

A momentary silence broke out between them before Jessica spoke.

"It's good to see you Steed but ........"

"But why am I here?" he anticipated her question.

Jessica nodded.

Steed moved into her apartment and set his huge frame down onto a luxurious white leather arm chair. He sighed and prepared himself to speak.

Jessica glanced nervously at Fowler. He smiled leeringly in return and immediately she knew that she might well not like what he was about to say.

The huge man sighed.

"Jess, you're a celebrity, known across the entire country. I have an opportunity for you and if you co-operate, then I give you my word that afterwards you will be completely free to pursue your new career and a few hundred thousand dollars better off as well."

Jessica, who hadn't even heard his proposal as yet, was confused and extremely concerned.

"Free to pursue my career? Your word, why would I need anything from you?" she hissed through gritted teeth. "What do you want?"

"Good girl," Steed remarked patronizingly, interpreting her question for a developing sense of genuine interest, "now listen carefully to me."

For the next thirty minutes the entertainment entrepreneur took his time to explain what he wanted.

"So, that's pretty much it. That's all there is to it!"

Jessica was lost for words. Finally her elusive tongue found its way forward.

"Let me see if I understand. You want me to appear one last time, for your two-bit sham of an organisation, let the viewers donate money via their credit cards, presumably into your personal coffers, and when the amount reaches certain totals I take my clothes off?"

"Spot on Jess!"

."..and then as an extension to the presentation I get taken by imitation WWE wrestlers and 'used' in the ring?"

She sounded incredulous. 

He nodded, smiling inwardly at the ambiguity that could be attached to her last statement.

."... All live and unedited?"

"Nitro-Nights," he started, Jessica shivered as he used the name of his own show, "will never have seen such publicity. We will promote it as 'Jessica Weston as you have never seen her before -- and never will again!' It will be huge."

"There's no, way Steed. Not a chance. I will not play your perverted game."

"Okay lady, but you know that you're passing up the chance of a small fortune?"

"Even if we did what you suggest, the network will never show it." Was she relenting a little now?

"That's why this will be seen live only for a select 1,000 or so invited studio guests each paying a fortune to be there and then across a secure internet channel for pre subscribed viewers. The interaction will be via in-seat pledging devices or across the web. There will be no photography, no copying or recording from the internet; it will be a one off and it will earn us a fucking fortune. You can take 10%. Could be as much as a million dollars."

Jessica looked Steed square in the face. Their eyes met and for a moment he thought he had his girl. Then the blond beauty let him have it.

"How dare you try to involve me in your cheap little porn fest? I'm through with this crap, including you and your fake show and, if you think I would degrade myself in this way, you can take your small minded thoughts of sickening fantasy, get out of my house now and never come back."

Steed Fowler rose slowly to his feet. His frame stretched out imposingly. Momentarily Jessica thought he was going to strike her. Instead he smiled.

"Okay Jess, I'll go. But think about it and ring me if you have a change of mind." He tossed his card onto the coffee table and left.

Jessica watched him walk down the drive, get into his car and pull away. It was only then that she dared breathe again. With a mixed sense of relief and reprieve she flopped heavily down onto a comfortable expanse of sofa.

******

"Hi babe?" Jason called from the front hall.

Jessica tried to hide her relief. "In here," she yelled.

He walked in with a smile on his face, and Jessica felt an immediate sense of comfort, something she had craved in the few hours since Steed left her.

"Hello gorgeous," he said, undressing Jessica with his eyes and acknowledging his girl with an appreciative smile. 

Jessica's eyes lit up with pleasure. Jason took her hand and kissed it. "You make me hornier every time I see you, babe."

Jason laughed and Jessica waited for a lull before asking, "You're a little late. Did you have a good day?"

He shook his head just as the front door slammed closed. "No, the bastards' wouldn't sign, still want a higher payment and so I now have to find more, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars more!" Jason was looking to buy an old warehouse to turn into a brand new gymnasium facility.

Fleetingly Steed's proposal came back into Jessica's mind, but she quickly shook it out of her head. 

Jason grabbed her hand. "Let's go for a walk," he said, "get out of the house for a bit and into the open air."

Jessica agreed desperate to get into the fresh air and cleanse herself of Steed's repulsive presence, so she practically dragged Jason out of the front door. Her boyfriend stumbled down the steps as she pulled him to the side of the house and towards the woods that circled the lake. 

"What's going on?" He asked concerned with her sense of urgency. 

They stopped moments later, having immersed themselves amongst the trees. Jessica lent back against an old, large trunk.

"Sorry," she said, putting her hand on his shoulder. She found herself unable to stop there and placed her arms around him, burying her face in the crook of his neck. She inhaled deeply, loving the smell of him. "Darling, you feel so good."

He stroked her hair. "So what's going on?" he asked once more.

"I missed you."

"I'm here."

"No." She leaned back against the rough bark so she could see him. "This week I mean." She used her fingers to tuck his long hair behind his ear. "All you do is come in, sleep, worry about the gym and leave again."

Jason had had a busy and frustrating period just recently made worse by the fact that even though they spent a lot of time together they still officially had separate places and so Jason had his own house to tend to as well.

She kissed his ear, whispering, "I've forgotten what you look like."

"I've been so busy lately." He pulled away a few inches. "I don't have time for myself, let alone seeing you."

"It's not that," she said, wondering at his defensive tone. They both worked too much; she was hardly in a position to throw stones.

He took a couple of steps back, saying, "I know I didn't return a couple of your calls."

"Jase," she stopped him. "I just assumed you were tied up. It's no big deal."

"So why the concern then?"

Jessica crossed her arms, suddenly feeling cold. "It's nothing. I just miss you that's all"

He reached out and stroked her cheek. "I love you." Jessica looked at him. She liked the words but sensed that something wasn't quite right. She could tell he was a little distracted but wasn't sure how to draw it out of him. 

"Let's walk around the lake," she suggested.

He glanced back at the house, then at her. "Okay babe. Good idea."

She led him through the remaining trees, taking the well-worn stone path to the shore. They fell into a companionable silence, holding hands as they navigated the dirt track that cut into the shoreline. Overhead, Jessica could hear squirrels amongst the leaves and a colourful bird swooped in an arc just above the trees.

Lake Willow was a large, natural lake that was three hundred feet deep in places. A cold wind came off the water and she shivered. Jason put his arm around her and she cuddled into him. 

Jessica stopped and turned to face her boyfriend. "Please don't cut me out of your life sweetheart."

He gave her one of his most engaging smiles, and she knew from experience that an apology was coming. "I'm sorry I've been working so much. I will make time for you, for us, I promise." 

Jessica returned his smile.

"You wanna head back?" he asked glancing at his watch.

"No," she said, slipping her hands around his neck. "I want you to take me behind those trees and ravage me."

He laughed, but stopped when he saw she was not joking. "Out here in the open?"

"No-body's around."

"You can't be serious."

"It's been a whole week," she said, though she hadn't given it much thought before now. It wasn't like Jason to keep his hands off her for this long.

"It's cold."

She put her lips to his ear and whispered, "It's warm inside of me."

Contrary to his body's reaction, he said, "I'm kind of beat."

She pressed her body closer. "You don't seem beat to me."

"It's gonna start raining any minute now."

"Come on," she said, leaning in to kiss him. She stopped when he seemed to hesitate. 

"What's wrong?"

He took a step back and looked out at the lake. "I told you I'm tired."

"You're never tired," she said. "Not tired like that."

He indicated the lake with a toss of his hand. "It's freezing cold out here. Let's go back now."

"It's not that cold," she said, feeling suspicion trace a line of dread down her spine. After their year together, she knew her boyfriend well enough. He chewed at his bottom lip when he felt guilty. The way his lip had partially disappeared meant there was something he had to tell her but either did not want to or did not know how.

She crossed her arms, asking, "What's going on?"

"Nothing."

"Nothing?" she repeated, staring at Jason as if she could will the truth out of him. His lips were set as before.

"Oh, shit," she breathed, suddenly understanding. "Oh, no," she said, putting her hand to her mouth, trying to calm the sickness that wanted to come.

"What?"

She walked back down the path, feeling stupid and angry with herself at the same time, her mind reeling.

"Jessica ...." He put his hand on her arm but she jerked away. He jogged ahead a few steps, blocking her way so she had to look at him. "What's wrong?"

"Who is it?"

"Who's what?"

"Who is she?" Jessica clarified. "Who is it, Jason?" 

She was clenching her teeth so tight that her jaw ached. It all made sense: the distracted look on his face, the defensiveness, and the distance between them. 

Jessica came straight out with it. "Who are you screwing you bastard?"

He took a step back, confusion crossing his face. "You don't think . . ."

She felt tears well into her eyes and covered her face with her hands to hide them. 

"How could you think that?" he demanded, as if he had been wronged.

"Do me a favour, okay? Don't lie to me. Don't you dare lie to me."

"I'm not lying to you about anything," he insisted, sounding almost as angry as she felt. 

"Jessica .... "

"Just get away from me," she said, walking back toward the lake "I can't believe this. I can't believe how stupid I am."

"I'm not cheating on you," he said, following her. "Listen to me, okay?" He got in front of her, blocking the way. "I'm not cheating on you."

She stopped, staring at him, wishing she could believe him. He said, "Don't look at me that way."

"I don't know how else to look at you."

He let out a heavy sigh, as if he had a huge weight on his chest.

For someone who insisted he was innocent, he was acting incredibly guilty.

"I'm going back to the house," she told him, but he looked up, and she saw something in his expression that stopped her.

He spoke so softly she had to strain to hear him. "I really have been so busy recently Jess, there's no one else you have to believe me."

She looked into his eyes.

"Mean it?"

"Cross my heart."

"I love you."

"Love you too."

"So fuck me then."

Jessica leaned forward and pressed her mouth to his. Jason pulled her close, and with a low moan she pushed his lips apart to allow access to her questing tongue. She could feel his lips tremble as she forced her way lightly between them. He did not pull away but groaned, softly, so she reached down and felt his hardness through his jeans, making him moan all the more.

She had more than just a physical itch to scratch. After the visit from Steed, Jessica needed the reassurance of Jason's love to temper the weird feelings that were irritating her stomach. 

"I don't know if I can do it out here." 

'Don't worry,' Jessica grinned. "I'll do all the work!"

She could feel the hot pulse between her thighs, making her heart race, making her wet. She pulled her boyfriend's T-shirt over his head and ran her hands over his smooth, warm chest. She slipped his belt through the buckle and unzipped his jeans, then crossed her arms at her front and peeled away her own tight white T-shirt. She wore no bra, and her breasts were pert and firm, the thrusting nipples hardening even more on exposure to the air until they protruded with a tingling stiffness.

His jeans betrayed his erection, which Jessica began to knead softly through the denim cotton. Jason groaned in response. 

"Lick me Jase," she whispered in his ear, "I need to feel your tongue." 

He laughed, rather self-consciously, and she saw a flame of excitement flicker in his deep blue eyes. 

Slowly his open mouth approached her teasing breasts, fastened on a nipple and began to kiss. Jessica felt her insides contract with heightened desire and she squeezed his cock more purposefully through the restraining fabric. It began to firm up to maximum proportions, and Jason's mouth suckled harder as his excitement grew. She delved through the open fly and inside his boxer shorts as his burgeoning shaft thrust itself into her hand, seeking stimulation.

"Oh yesssssssss, Jess," Jason arched his back as his girl bent down to give his now rampant penis a feel of her tongue. Already he was emitting a pre orgasmic liquid. Slow down, thought Jessica. It would be unthinkably frustrating if he came before she could get him inside her. She gave his cock a last, loving lick and stood back up to kiss him. He could taste his juice on her tongue.

"Babe I so want you, but let's go back to the house." 

Jessica was confused over Jason's apparent reluctance to make love to her outdoors but was so turned on that where they actually did it seemed relatively immaterial.

"Okay, come on then."

Without any further hesitation Jessica set off running, naked to the waist with her T-shirt in her hands.

"Come on Jase, quickly I still need you to ravish me!" she shouted, laughing, as her boyfriend followed her through the woods and back to the house.

By the time the front door had been reached their coupling was a frenzied competition to see who could touch most skin first. Hands, mouths, tongues all played a part until they stumbled hot and lust filled into the hallway.

"Come on then lover boy, if you're so tired then lay down here and watch."

Jessica pushed Jason against the arm of her sofa causing him to fall backwards. He stared up at her expectantly.

She started to shed her remaining clothes. Her T shirt had already been released from her fist and dumped on the floor, and soon her skin hugging white jeans had joined it. Then, making sure he was watching, Jessica turned her back and hooked her fingers into the waistband of her panties. Looking over her shoulder, she watched him as she slowly pushed them down over her naked hips. She bent forward and slid the white silk thong over her thighs and then down her long, long tanned legs to her ankles. Daintily stepping out of them, she tossed them aside. Making sure her feet were parted, she shifted so her bottom was pointing directly towards him. 

"Watch me," she purred barely above a whisper.

She turned around and lowered herself into a chair opposite Jason, the same chair that had been occupied by Steed Fowler only hours earlier. Not taking her eyes off him and making sure her knees were spread wide, Jessica began teasing him. Her pussy was wet and swollen; the lips engorged and spread wide, her juices trickled down and towards the rose of her bottom.

Jason couldn't hold on. With a groan he delved inside the open fly of his jeans and wrapped his fist firmly around the base of his swollen cock and pointed it towards her. The first clear drop of pre-cum oozed from the tip, hanging suspended, begging to be licked. Slowly, his fist moved upwards forcing more of the precious liquid to flow from the widened slit. With the ball of his thumb, he spread it around the helmet shaped head. His tightened fist pushed the skin down the shaft, drawing it tight all the way to the base. Jessica watched as if her eyes were glued to his hand and his cock, as it twitched and throbbed, another clear drop forming at the tip. 
