 Part V-- Month Two:Changes and Fun Times Multiply -- No Turning Back with Some Pretty Permanent Changes

*************

5th Part of a multi-part story of how a wife in just nine months comes out of her cocoon to be become a sexual dynamo. This section covers the bigger physical changes and Sheila really embracing her changes. 

*********

The Miracles of Modern Medicine

Monday was a quiet day; the store was closed and Sheila and Anna made sure that everything the doctor's office had directed was completed before noon. In medical terms Sheila's boob job was only a minor procedure, so no being put all the way to sleep, just a local anesthetic and a lot of pain killers. The new method her doctor had recommended would also use a two part approach. There was the traditional implant, but not nearly big enough to give petite little Sheila the DDD's she had selected.

After the silicone pouches were placed inside her natural boobs, the doctor would use a series of shots all around the breast to insert new fat cells to be absorbed and enlarge the breasts to their targeted size. Her breasts would jump to between a D and DD cup right away, and over the next weeks the implanted fat cells would spread out and grow to make her a DDD. The idea was there was more natural breast tissue and a smaller implant, but the result was still the same, just a lot more natural to the touch and as her new breasts moved.

That afternoon the operation went very well, they were done in two hours and on the way home. Sheila was pretty out of it, it turned out she was very receptive to the local anesthesia and the pain pills. She barely noticed that Anna had convinced the doctor to combine the dermal filler shots into her lips with the work on her chest. Sheila had to be on bed-rest till Friday night, no activity allowed so she could heal up and allow the fat cells to begin to expand. She then had to wear special bras till the weekend and limit activity over the weekend and the following two weeks. The drugs were great and she was pretty woozy all week. But she did notice that as she went to pee her entire body was different. She had a very curvy upper body, even under the shapeless gown she was wearing and her entire center of gravity had changed.

The bandages came off on Sunday night, per the post-operative treatment sheet. Sheila was amazed, and so turned on, when she looked at herself in the mirror. Her tits were world-class now, and the rings in her nipples made her large chest look slutty and super sexy. Even now her tits, she had a hard time calling them breasts now, were full and round, jutting out like two huge cantaloupes from her body. They were sitting high without any sagging on her narrow frame, so though she had to wear the support bra in recovery, she wasn't sure it would be essential afterwards. Better yet, she knew they would continue to grow over the next week. As she moved her hands around to wash and put on the support bra, her tits were at least twice as sensitive, just brushing her piercings almost made her cum...awesome!

On Tuesday, still pretty doped up, but taking less and less painkillers, Anna insisted that Sheila work on tan lines for her new body. She had found some swimsuits online at Wicked Weasel, and told Sheila to wear one each day and to tan at least 4 hours, using her special tanning lotion to avoid burns. She told her that later after she had started the tan and her breasts were recovered, she would supplement the time in the sun with using their tanning bed in the basement. Anna told Sheila that she had to have no tan lines and be a golden brown all over before Dan got home.

The first swimsuit was one piece bright aqua but would have gotten her lynched back home. The whole suit fit in the palm of one hand easily. It was made up of just a set of thin strings that had slightly wider patches to cover her nipples and pussy. In back it was only strings. Sheila lounged around, basically stoned on tropical drinks, wine and weed the whole week, laying in the sun in the morning and afternoon every day.

When Anna and Brad came back each night, she sat up on the deck where she had been laying out. Anna and Brad loved the stretchy outfit how it showed off her toned body and new chest. They told her she was now a newly minted fucking machine and that in another two weeks, after the doctor's restrictions were done whey would prove it. Anna and Sheila typically kissed for about 10 minutes, and Sheila normally fingered or ate Anna to orgasm, but followed doctor's orders on no sex or upsetting Sheila's new enhanced chest.

On Wednesday, Anna gave her the second same style suit, just in red, so she could alternate days. Sheila followed the directions perfectly and was already amazed at how brown she was. She was now off the painkillers and was happy there was only a tiny bit of soreness at the incision. The wound had really healed up already, unless you knew where to look you didn't know there was even an incision...but let's be real she thought, nobody has an DDD cup on this body!

Sheila took the instructions seriously; she couldn't have sex or engage in any activities that would bother the stitches or her healing breasts in any way. She did notice that the injected fat cells were already expanding. Her boobs seem to grow a little almost every day. However just sitting around her quiet place or over at Anna's she realized she couldn't be totally celibate. Every day she woke and either finger fucked herself while playing with her clit ring or pulled one of the toys that Anna let her borrow out to play. She loved that long dildo with the handle, routinely slamming the entire length in and out of her wet pussy till she had a nice morning orgasm. In the evenings she would start with her butt plug and either fuck herself while the plug filled her ass or pull the plug out and use that metal dildo with lots of lube up her ass. That anal play, combined with some vibrating balls up her pussy was a nice end to her long boring days of enforced inactivity. She did pine for some hard dick and rough fucking though.

In the second week home Sheila was a little stir crazy. She decided she needed to relearn how to strut in her favorite heels with the huge weight she now carried around. So, each day Sheila pulled on some high heel sandals and practiced walking around the condo and then the block. She now could easily strut with up to 7-inch heels, which normally had 2-3-inch platforms. She got used to her new center of gravity and practiced bending over with her legs straight and other moves to tease everyone around her.

Establishing a Salon and Fitness Routine

She was both little stir crazy, and a lot horny. She knew that Brad and Anna had stopped their special drug cocktail, but the effects seemed now to be permanent. She also took advantage of the healing period away from work for a full day at Anna's favorite spa and salon. Sheila knew what she wanted. The look I saw when I first set eyes on her in our kitchen started with this visit.

Beyond the typical facial mud wraps and waxing her legs and pussy, she had them dye her boring brown hair a dark black, weave in extensions so it suddenly came down to just above her ass, and had the hairdresser put a lot of body into the look. She also had new blood red; inch long nails glued on. The promise was that the nails were virtually indestructible, and as her natural nails grew, she would soon have inch and a half dagger like nails. For her face Sheila had them trim her formerly unruly brows so they were very narrow and very arched. The salon glued on some fake lashes that were super thick and very long. All in all, my southern belle was now replaced by a chic New York girl

So, it might have been more than her high heels that attracted attention as Sheila exercised. When Sheila went out to stretch her legs each day, she noticed she had at least one and sometimes three or four teenage boys basically following her in the park down the block. It might have been her tight ass, or the big boobs she now had, but it also might have been the tight latex and leather miniskirts and the skin-tight spandex tops. And it might have been the wild hair and dramatic nails and face, with those huge puffy lips. But whatever the reason, the boys were clearly loving what they saw, and the new Sheila loved the effect her body and teasing could have.

Sheila spun around towards the end of the third week, "like the view?"

The one boy who had been following her that day stammered a yes. Sheila laughed and made him crouch down and snap a pic on her phone looking up at those long legs, tiny tight leather and spandex pieces and her wild hair that she messaged to Anna. It simply said "his tongue wants to be up my pussy, or maybe my ass" Sheila also let the obviously aroused boy snap a few pics on his phone. It was only fair. Anna messaged back, that she looked amazing and she would return the favor over the weekend in spades.

After she returned from her walk and tease experiment near the end of her recovery, Sheila had a sudden understanding. Before she would never dream of walking in heels higher than two inches. Now for whatever reason, unless it was in running shoes at the gym, low and no heeled shoes almost hurt. The higher the heel the better they felt and not just in her legs. She got a sexual turn-on from wearing high heels. It turned out that Anna and Brad had allowed her to understand how sexual she really was.

The sexual charge started to be noticeable at four inches and her six to seven-inch heels were as good as 15 minutes of foreplay. After wearing them for a short while, her pussy never failed to be so wet she almost sloshed as she walked. Sheila smiled as she filed away yet another change that had crept up on her. Her favorite pair was probably the bright red spike heels seven inch heels with straps around her ankles. They were very stable, but very sexy at the same time. She loved that she was almost six feet tall with them on, and as she had with the anal sex, she could use them for all sorts of improved, useful leverage.

She was sure that Dan would love that outward part of her changes immediately. In fact, with all his bothering her since they had started to seriously date to go for a sexier look, she was betting Dan would love all her new outfits, as well as the boots and shoes, not to mention the big makeover at the salon. Sheila wasn't as sure that Dan would love the more assertive and sexually aggressive Sheila, but knew that aspect was truly core to her identity now as well.

A Weekend Learning Experience

Saturday of the third week was a quiet day as the healing finished up, but on Sunday everyone got together for an intimate little party to admire Sheila's new body and some of her outfits that could still be worn with her hugely enlarged bust. As they shared some snacks and a lot of wine, Sheila showed off her new tits and lips with several different lingerie looks. All agreed that underwire bra's and bustiers that showed off her new assets were best. Her ass was still great and Anna and Brad really liked her new party outfit that started with seven inch heels, thigh highs that ended just below a tight leather skirt and then a corset type top that just about exposed Sheila's nipples. However, all three of them were still very careful to not start anything too physical, the stitches were in till Monday evening after all. So, with all the restrictions in mind, after they had a few drinks and smoked a bit of weed, Sheila proposed some fun that day to expand her sexual skill set.

She explained to them that she felt she was now very skilled at fucking Brad in all her holes. Her muscles were strong and Sheila had mastered the art of either squeezing Brad's hard cock and nearly stopping his thrusting, but also in rippling her muscles backwards and forwards to literally milk Brad of his cum in a very short period, whether he was in her pussy or ass. She also had gotten very good, after all the practice with Anna at the store, in eating out a girl. Sheila knew how to tease and play with a girl's lower lips and clit, while also massaging the G spot expertly; a routine that almost always made Anna squirt all over Sheila's face and upper body. But Sheila pouted and looked over at Brad,

"but lover, I can barely get the head of that wonderful cock inside my mouth. I want to be able to swallow all of you, just like Anna does easily."

Brad laughed and told Sheila that he would be happy to help her develop her skills right then and there. So, for the next two hours, Brad and Sheila, with additional pointers from Anna, worked on Sheila's sword-swallowing skills. Sheila told them that she had used some of her alone time while healing to work on her skills. She had used some large bananas and of course Anna's huge dildo with that handle at the end. Though Sheila told them that although the exercises were fine, the real thing tasted so much better, and she told them with a big grin,

"and if I do it right, with your hard dick Brad, I get a creamy snack."

Brad groaned at that, and dropped his pants right there on the patio, to get started. Sheila was able to get his head to the entrance of her throat at the start and able to jerk him off with her left hand, but that was Sheila's standard method till now. But she had told Anna she would not be satisfied till she could take all of Brad's eight inches down her throat, but knew it would be a challenge, he was not just long but very thick. Anna told her that today's goal was to start down the road to deep throat pro. Anna promised to give Sheila her best tricks, but said that had taken her a couple of months. Sheila took that as a challenge, to do a lot faster than Anna.

In that first two hour session before dinner Sheila coaxed two big loads of cum from Brad and by the second time was able to relax her throat and get about four inches of Brad's wide dick in her mouth and throat. There was a lot of gagging, choking, and lots of saliva all over Sheila's chin and new boobs, but she was starting to make real progress, even if her jaw muscles felt really sore. At least the steady intake of wine and Gin and Tonics kept her hydrated and relaxed. They took a break for a meal of grilled chicken and a salad, and agreed to try again later.

After dinner they went for it again, this time in the basement. At least there Sheila could knee on a thick carpet. She tried all sorts of different angles and tricks, getting another load of cum as she played with Brad's balls and then massaged his prostrate with one very wet finger as she went down at least half way towards his stomach. Brad needed a break, but agreed, reluctantly to one more try. Sheila had quite a bit to drink by then, and she and Anna had shared about six joints, making her forget about her sore jaw for at least a while.

Finally, in the last sessions they had a breakthrough. Brad's dick was finally worn out, but Sheila had claimed success in only one day of sustained effort. Anna had been coaching her all afternoon with hints on how to widen her mouth and relax her throat. Finally, in the last blow job seminar, as Anna was calling it, her gag reflex had totally disappeared and she had no gagging or choking as she swallowed Brad's long thick cock not just to the entrance of her throat but all the way till her lips touched the edge of his ball sack. Sheila realized triumphantly that she had finally managed swallow Brad's huge tool.

Sheila pulled away and gave her phone to Anna. She had Anna take pictures of the entire process, ending when Anna took a shot of Sheila's tongue lapping at Brad's balls. Sheila then had Anna shoot a video clip to demonstrate her skills. She did tell Anna she would save that till Dan got back, he might now like how she learned to suck cock like a porn star. Not only could Sheila take a huge dick down her throat, she also now could ripple her throat muscles up and down and was able to play with her tongue up and down the underside of Brad's shaft as she sucked on his wide cock. As she achieved her goals for the day, she understood there was value to being a natural nose breather.

As they joked about the day Sheila knew she had swallowed some big loads of come, but after the second time, she made sure none of it escaped her mouth, even though Sheila had decided that scooping up extra cum off her face and sucking it off her fingers made a very sexy picture. Frankly Brad was exhausted anyway, and Sheila had to admit her jaw was probably permanently affected. For once, after Brad's fourth orgasm, even Anna and Sheila could not get his dick hard again.

The gang pounded down a final pitcher of G&Ts and called it a weekend. They were now ready to get Sheila's stiches out and hopefully have her cleared for unlimited activity at their Monday appointment.

The Doctor is happy, Sheila is ready for a test drive

Monday was another lazy day, with only the doctor's appointment on the schedule. Anna and Sheila worked on their tans, did some low impact yoga, and generally lazed around. Late in the afternoon Anna took Sheila back to the doctor's office. It had been three weeks now and there was no swelling or soreness near the incisions. Sheila felt distinctly under-dressed in baggy sweats, no makeup and a pair of trainers. Anna giggled and said they had plans afterwards and she had packed a much more fun outfit, but first they had to be ready for whatever the doctor wanted. Sheila sighed, making a pouty face, and said ok.

The doctor was very happy, checking the new work every which way. He was also happy that the injected fat cells had distributed themselves and begun to expand as desired. The doctor measured and told Sheila that she had already gone from a D to a DD in just three weeks. He told her that in only a few more weeks she would stabilize, likely as a very healthy DDD. The surgeon was very proud of his technique, telling Sheila that this approach not only healed a lot faster, but it also made her new boobs look nearly natural. Sheila loved all the touching, even the examination had her on the edge of cumming, her skin was staying as sensitive as it had been right after the surgery. And she kind of doubted anything could make her huge chest look "nearly natural". What woman had a pair of DDD breasts on a 5' 4" slender 110 pound body.

After they checked out at the front desk, setting up the six-month follow-up, Anna pulled Sheila into the big ladies' room suite. It had everything, even a couch to set yourself down on while you primped. This luxury was kind of a surprise to Sheila, but it was a lady's room in a medical complex of plastic surgeons. What was nice was that as they were the last appointment of the day, and thus the room was totally empty. Anna put a "closed for cleaning" sign on the door, closed and locked it from the inside. She then stripped Sheila out of her baggy sweats until she was standing in front of her totally naked. Anna then pulled Sheila close, towering over her in her six inch heels and kissed her for a minute. Then, still in their tight embrace, Anna reached down between their huge matching tits, pushing her fingers inside Sheila's bare pussy, telling her how much she had missed her body and having no limits on their play time.

After a few minutes they took a break and Anna told Sheila she would have to see if she agreed with Anna's fashion choices, post-surgery. Anna started by passing her a black tiny lacy thong but no bra. Sheila pulled up the thong, it barely covered her lips, and showed over her piercing, very visible through the intricate lace pattern. She finished Sheila's lower half with some classic thigh high black stockings which looked hot as they slid inside some new six inch leather pattern pumps that Anna slid on Sheila's feet. Sheila was a little puzzled at the lack of a bra, but new her big fake tits really didn't need a bra every day.
