 When the doorbell rang, I thought I was going to explode.

I stamped on the power switch for the vacuum cleaner and strode to the door, flinging it open with enough force to bend the metal door stop. "What the hell do you want?"

The woman standing on the doorstep just stared at me for a moment, blinking her perfectly mascara-ed eyes at me. "Hello, sir. I'm looking for the lady of the house."

"She's not here." I barked. "She left for Acapulco two weeks ago and I haven't seen her since."

"Oh. I see." She paused for a moment. "Well, my name's Aubrey Simmons and I sell … "

"Yeah, I know what you sell. I've seen you guys in your pink Cadillacs, tooling around town."

"Then you know that we make good products."

"Lady, I don't give a fuck what you make. Now if you will excuse me, I have a house to clean."

"Please, sir." The sadness in her voice made me pause. "I haven't sold anything today and I really need a sale. Can I make a bargain with you?"

I looked her up and down for a moment. She was short, about 5' 2", probably weighed no more than 100 pounds soaking wet and had dark blue eyes that had me leaning closer to find where the color ended and the pupil began. "What kind of bargain are we talking about?"

Her cheeks flamed with embarrassment and she offered me a shaky smile. "I'll help you clean the house if you'll buy fifty dollars worth of products from me."

"You'll help me clean if I buy products from you?"

She opened the screen door and stepped in, setting her briefcase down. "If you have a clean pair of shorts and a shirt that I can change into, I'll get started."

"You're serious?"

Aubrey took off her pink suit jacket, putting her fisted hands on her hips, her slight Southern twang sliding off her tongue. "Try me."

He found a shirt and a pair of shorts that belonged to Linda and Aubrey disappeared into the bathroom to change. When she came back out, her pink shirtdress and hose were hung over her arm, a pair of pink stilettos hanging on her fingers. She set them on the couch alongside her jacket and briefcase and went into the kitchen to start working.

An hour passed, then two before I came downstairs, hauling a huge bag of garbage and was surprised to see Aubrey wearing a smile. "Wow, done with the kitchen already?"

"Would you be willing to buy one hundred dollars of product from me?"

"A hundred? A hundred??"

"Come with me."

Not only was the kitchen clean but the back room was spotless and he could hear the washer sloshing dirty clothes around. The big surprise was that she'd even managed to clean out the hot tub and the perfume of fresh lavender spread through the back patio's air.

"Wow, you did a lot of extra work!"

"It wasn't extra. I'm a good worker." Aubrey flashed a smile and peeled the sticky, sweat-heavy shirt off her tiny body, quickly following with the shorts. "I'm kinda hot and sticky. Want to join me?"

For the first time in thirty-five years of life, I was speechless. I watched with a stiffening dick as she slid into the warm, frothy water, her thick, wavy hair trailing behind and sticking to her heated back. I guess I lost my mind for a minute and shed my clothes, stepping into the warm water. She gave me a smile and a giggle.

"I'm ticklish." Aubrey swam over to me, those lovely large A-cups bobbing in the midst of the foam. "Are you?"

"Why don't we find out?"

I swept her into my arms and we started kissing, softly and deeply, then hard and violent as she slid down on my hard cock. I had only looked at her as a 'little girl' but she was anything but that. She started riding me like a horse, splashing water out of the tub while she tried to stick her tongue down my throat. It took me a few moments to finally respond but when I did, I lifted her out of the water, stumbled down the stairs and dropped to my knees on the freshly-mopped kitchen floor, laying her against the clean linoleum.

She didn't say a word. She just held onto my shoulders as I maneuvered us into position to continue a good, hard fuck. I smiled at her as I started pounding into her, setting a pace that I was amazed to find her matching, thrust for thrust. Her tiny mouth made feed of my neck and face, taking tiny bites here and there that made me growl like a bear with an enemy on his back. My cock seemed to thicken inside her tight hole, liberally greased with her pussy cream and she rammed her little body on top of it like the world was going to end.

I thought it was. I grabbed her hips and hammered into her, groaning as she thrashed in orgasm, taking me along with her. I pumped a load of cum into her pulsing snatch, loving every inch of her hot, liquid quim. I pulled out of her and sat on the floor, looking down at her. "You're a pretty good saleswoman."

She sat up, a wicked grin on her elfin face. "Wait 'til we get to the make-up."