 I stirred, glancing at the glowing figures on the bedside clock. 4 a.m. Laura was asleep beside me, her breasts slowly rising and falling. I got up carefully, going out to the bathroom to pee. When I returned, she was propped on one elbow, watching me.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you," I ventured.

Laura shook her head. "It's fine."

She stretched. "I can leave, if you want to get your beauty sleep. I won't charge you the full thousand - you bought dinner, and I had a good time too."

I hesitated. "Laura?"

"Hmm?"

"If you're not busy tomorrow, could we spend the day together? I have meetings, but you could come with me - I could introduce you as my PA - and afterwards we could have dinner again."

I could see her wrestling with the idea. "I don't have anything to wear."

I reached across to pull out my wallet. "My meeting doesn't start till eleven. You could go shopping, get some stuff."

The unfeigned smile that spread across her face told me that I'd convinced her. "OK."

She patted the space beside her. "Come back to bed, then. We can try something different again if you like."

I shook my head, smiling. "Let's save it for tomorrow. But can I hold you?"

She came into my arms, closing her eyes, and after a few minutes her breathing slowed. I was awake for a little longer, her soft young body against mine tempting me to wake her again, but eventually I drifted off, the last thought in my mind one of anticipation for the next day...

***

I felt her pull out of my arms, and watched her cross to the bathroom. She left the door open, catching my eye with a wink as she peed. "Offer's still open - you know, the shower."

"Before dinner?" I suggested.

"OK."

She stepped into the shower cubicle, starting to wash, and I felt myself stir as it became obvious she was putting on a show for my benefit, hands caressing her breasts, thighs, mound. She turned her back to me, looking over one shoulder as she moved her bottom provocatively from side to side. I shook my head, smiling, and she shrugged, rinsing off and stepping out into the towel I held for her. I wrapped her in my arms, kissing her wet hair, and she tilted her face up to press her lips to mine. "I'm looking forward to today."

I watched her dress, smoothing her skirt with her palms. "Shopping, then. OK if I get breakfast at McDonalds?"

"Mm-hmm. I'll have something here. See you in a while."

The door closed behind her, but her scent lingered. I sat for a moment, then went and had a shower. I dressed, went down to the hotel restaurant for a quick breakfast, then took out the papers for my meeting - despite the distraction of the last few hours, I was determined to be prepared.

I was deep in terms and conditions when the door opened again. I looked up, and my heart stopped for a moment. Instead of the slightly provocative outfit she'd worn when I met her, now she was the perfect businesswoman - dark suit (granted the skirt only just reached her knees), low heels, her hair caught up in a clasp. "Wow - you really look the part."

She grinned. "Come on, then - we don't want to be late."

We took a taxi to the office block, and the secretary behind the desk looked up as we entered the reception area. "Ah, Mr Smith - and..."

"This is Laura, she's my new PA."

She pressed buttons on the intercom. "Mr Andrews - Mr Smith and his PA Laura have arrived."

Andrews emerged from his office. "Ah, Tim. And Laura, good to meet you. Shall we go through? Alice has got everything ready."

We followed him to the boardroom, and the young woman sitting at the table got to her feet. "Mr Smith."

Laura stepped forward. "I'm Laura, Tim's new PA. Good to meet you."

We sat down and began to go through the draft contract that was the reason for the meeting. Mr Andrews' secretary brought coffee, and I watched as Laura sipped hers.

After an hour or so of work, Alice glanced at her watch. "The caterers should be bringing lunch in a moment. Shall we break for a while?"

I nodded, closing my folder, and stretched. Andrews turned to Laura. "So, what brings you to this job?"

"Well, I left school after GCSE's, didn't really know what I wanted to do. But PA work has always appealed to me, making sure the boss's needs are taken care of. I've had a few different positions, I've only just started with Tim."

I managed to keep my face straight, holding my coffee cup in front of my face, but Laura's eyes caught mine and she gave a brief flash of her eyebrows.

The caterers arrived, bringing in sandwiches, snacks, and Andrews gestured at the table. "Go ahead."

Lunch was delicious - dessert was chocolate profiteroles, a favourite of mine and obviously of Laura's too - but finally everything was cleared away. "Ready to get going again?" Andrews queried.

"Um, where's the bathroom?" queried Laura.

"I'll show you," Alice volunteered, and the two left.

"Very pleasant young woman you have there," Andrews remarked. "Seems competent too."

He gestured at Laura's place at the table, and I was slightly surprised to see that Laura seemed to have been taking notes. "You should give her a raise, make sure you keep her."

Again I held back a smile, wondering where exactly my account with Laura would stand by the end of the day. "I'll definitely consider it."

Laura and Alice returned, taking their seats, and we continued working through the document. Finally I pushed the papers back. "That all seems exactly as we discussed it, I think we're ready to sign."

I turned to Laura, still busy with her notes. "Anything else you think we need to check?"

She nodded. "Actually, there are a couple of points I wouldn't mind going over with you - I'm sure they won't hold things up, it's more for me to be sure I've understood. Sorry, Mr Andrews."

He shook his head. "No problem at all - I was just telling Tim that I thought you had potential, and it's worth taking a little time to make certain we've not missed anything."

Andrews got to his feet. "We'll leave you to it, then. Just let Jane know when you're ready."

The door closed behind them, and Laura stood, walking over to me. I gasped as without hesitating she bent to loosen my belt, her deft fingers releasing me and her mouth surrounding my already-growing hardness. "Laura..."

She lifted her head, grinning, and reached in a pocket for the familiar foil square, tearing it open and rolling the condom onto me. She got to her feet, hitching up her skirt and bending over the conference table, spreading her legs. "Come on, then."

I realised what I'd not seen. "No panties? Isn't that a bit risky?"

She shrugged. "No-one was going to notice."

I moved up behind her, pressing my tip to her inviting opening, and she made a low sound of pleasure. "Mm, yeah. Don't hold back, this is just a quickie, all for you."

I thrust into her, my hands on her hips, pushing her against the table. She started to moan as I moved more insistently, and I glanced at the door. "Not sure how soundproof this place is."

"I'm sure you can think of something," she offered, and I took the hint, putting a hand over her mouth. I felt her moaning against my fingers as I renewed my thrusts, coming closer to my climax. "Oh - I'm - yes - ahhh..."

Again the condom was a barely-perceptible barrier as I spurted once, again, then relaxed. "Wow, Laura, that was amazing."

I reluctantly withdrew from her, and she turned, slipping the condom off, making a neat knot, and dropping it in the waste paper basket. "That'll give the cleaners something to wonder about later."

She tugged her skirt back down, and watched as I readjusted my clothing. "All good, nothing to see."

I opened the door, leaning out. "Jane? We're ready now."

A few moments later Mr Andrews and Alice returned. "Thank you for that," I ventured. "I've been through things with Laura and we're both entirely satisfied."

I pulled the folder towards me, signing my name on the last page with a flourish and handing it to Alice. "Here's to a very rewarding relationship."

We made our farewells, and when our taxi was out of sight of the offices, I put my arm around Laura's shoulders. "Thanks for today - all of it. I'm really looking forward to this evening, dinner and afterwards."

She grinned. "Actually, I have a surprise for you. I asked Alice if she'd like to join us for dinner and she said Yes."

Laura must have thought she detected disappointment in my face. "What?" she teased. "You get to fuck me in the shower before she arrives. Then we have a nice dinner - I'll make sure we sit so you can play with me discreetly. Then she goes home, and you have me to yourself again."

She smiled knowingly. "Or maybe not - I don't think you'd complain, would you?"

"She is attractive," I admitted.

The taxi drew up outside the hotel, and Laura walked slightly ahead of me, glancing over her shoulder with a smile as she exaggerated the movement of her hips. We reached the room, and she shed her clothes with a sigh of relief. "Don't think I could wear business stuff every day."

"Not even if you were taking care of the boss's needs in several different positions?" I chuckled.

"I liked that line," she admitted. "Now, you ready for that shower?"

"Sure."

I undressed, following her into the bathroom. The shower cubicle was large, but I took her in my arms as she started the water running. I reached for the shower gel, and started to wash her back gently. "That's nice," she murmured. My hands moved further down, smoothing foam over her bottom then pulling her close, pressing my hardness against her stomach. "Mm... wash my front too," she breathed.

I squirted more gel, soaping her breasts and caressing them, her hard nipples against my palms. I slid one hand lower, over her stomach then her mound. She moved her legs apart to give me access, and I brushed a fingertip over her nub, then slid a finger gently into her. "Ah..." she gasped softly. "Two fingers?"

I complied, pressing deeper into her and curling the tips of my fingers slightly. "Mm," her voice caught in her throat. "Fuck me like that."

I started to thrust with my fingers, and Laura flexed her hips in response. She took the shower gel from me, squirting some into her palm then reaching to wrap her hand round my hardness. "Does that feel like you're in me?"

I nodded, and she started to move her hand in rhythm with my fingers in her. "Oh, yeah, this works - maybe we can come together..."

She tilted her head back, oblivious to the water splashing on her face, and tightened her fingers around me, feeling me begin to tense. "Oh - baby - yes - come for me, let it go..."

As she felt me begin to climax, her own release hit her, and I felt her knees weaken momentarily as her whole body tensed, shook. She opened her eyes, watching with obvious enjoyment as I spurted sticky fluid at the glass, mingling with water droplets running down.

I let my fingers slide from her, wrapping my arms around her, the water cascading over both of us and washing off soap, stickiness. "Mm, that was good."

I wrapped a towel round her, helping her dry, then she sprawled naked on the bed while I dressed. I glanced at my phone on the bedside table, and hesitated. "I should phone Pam, really."

"OK."

I picked up the phone, dialling. "Hello, darling," I heard at the other end. "How was your day?"

"Pretty good. I got the contract signed, that's the main thing."

"Oh, well done. When will you be home?"

I glanced at Laura. "Day after tomorrow - I have some details to work out with Andrews."

Pam's voice held a hint of disappointment. "All right, then. We'll have the weekend together, anyway."

"Looking forward to it. Love you."

Laura grinned as I ended the call. "Can't get enough of me, eh."

"It's true," I admitted. "Now, don't you need to dress for dinner?"

"Mmhm. I have a surprise or two for you, why don't you close your eyes."

I did as she suggested, trying to guess from the quiet rustling what my surprises might be. "OK, you can look."

I opened my eyes. "Wow."

Her dress was black, strapless, the flared skirt finishing at her thighs. From there, sheer tights? stockings? highlighted her slim legs, her feet. "Oops," she smiled, stepping into sleek heels. "I'd better do my makeup too, Alice will be here in a second."

A few minutes later there was a tap at the door, and I went over to open it. "Hello, Alice."

Alice too was dressed differently to her office attire, her dress a deep red colour with thin straps that criss-crossed a low cut back. She leaned forward to accept a kiss on the cheek, then stepped into the room to hug Laura. "Hi, guys. Thanks for inviting me."

"Ready for something to eat?" I asked.

"Sure."

We made our way down to the restaurant, getting a booth with a round table. Laura sat between me and Alice, and I felt her fingers squeeze my leg briefly as she flashed me a smile. "OK, how about drinks?"

"We could get a decent bottle of wine," I suggested. "Unless you two would prefer cocktails?"

Laura glanced at Alice. "Wine sounds good. Do you like red, or white?"

"I quite like Rioja," Alice ventured.

Laura nodded. "Me too."

"Settled, then." The waiter was already moving in our direction, and I pointed at the wine list. "A bottle of that one, please."

I opened the menu. "Now, food."

The selection was predominantly Italian, and I chose crespolini - "Might be a bit much chilli in it for you two."

Laura feigned fanning her face. "Want to share a pizza, Alice? My favourite's ham and pineapple."

"That's mine too," Alice nodded.

The waiter returned with our wine, letting me taste a splash before pouring. "That's fine," I confirmed.

We gave him our food orders, and I settled back in my seat, sipping my wine. "So, Alice, how did you come to be working for Andrews? I've known him for years."

"I went there for work experience from school, and things just seemed to click. He comes across a bit stuffy at first, but he's really gone out of his way to help me - training, gradually giving me more responsibility."

"What sort of training?" queried Laura.

"Well, the usual office stuff, but quite a lot of IT as well - databases, spreadsheets. And social media, that's really interesting."

I could see wheels beginning to turn in Laura's mind, but before she could take the conversation any further, our food arrived. I took a forkful from my dish, and nodded, grinning. "This packs a punch."

"Let me have just a taste," requested Laura, and I scooped up cheese sauce, holding my fork out to her. "Phew," she agreed, taking the morsel with her lips. "Lovely flavour, though."

I could see Alice looking on thoughtfully, and I wondered what exactly Laura had told her along with the dinner invitation. But I concentrated on my food for the time being, watching the two young women good-naturedly debating which slice of pizza had the most topping.

Finally Laura put down her fork and sat back. "Mm - that was great. Wonder what's on the dessert menu? Those profiteroles were amazing, but maybe I'll have something a bit less sweet this time. Sorbet?"

She picked up the menu again, and I felt the fingers of her other hand nudge my leg. Guessing what she wanted, I slid my hand across under the table to rest on her thigh. I moved my fingers gradually upwards, and my question earlier was answered as my fingertips touched soft skin. Stockings, then. I felt her shift position, her thighs parting to give me access, and I took the hint, exploring. Further up, expecting to meet lace or soft cotton, then - oh!

Laura must have sensed my surprise, her eyes meeting mine for a moment, and her murmured words were for my ears only. "Remember this afternoon?"

I conceded her point - if she didn't need panties for the office, why would she wear them for a romantic evening out, with passion promised later?

I cleared my throat. "So, have we decided?"

"Ice cream," nodded Alice. "For me too," Laura agreed.

"Coffee?" I queried.

"We can go upstairs for that," Laura suggested.

I caught the waiter's eye and gave him our dessert orders. Laura continued her conversation with Alice, but I felt her fingers on mine, clearly hinting that I was welcome to continue my exploration. Her now-hard nipples showed clearly through her dress, and I wondered just how observant Alice might be.

Dessert arrived, and Laura scooped up ice cream on her spoon. "Want to try this pistachio, Alice?"

Alice leaned across to take the spoon between her lips, and for a second I got a clear view down the low-cut front of her dress, surprised to see no sign of a bra. Her breasts were a little smaller than Laura's, crowned with neat nipples, and I found myself imagining my lips on them... "Aren't you going to eat that?" teased Laura, squeezing her thighs together around my fingers, and I pulled myself back to the present, taking a forkful of cheesecake. "Mm, it's good."

We finished our dessert, and I signed the bill the waiter brought, leaving a generous tip. "Now, coffee?"

Alice nodded. "Definitely."

We made our way back upstairs, and Laura sprawled on the bed, patting the space next to her. "Sorry, Tim, you'll have to have the chair."

Alice joined Laura on the bed, nudging her playfully. I made the coffee, and sat down, sipping mine. "I'm glad we got to meet up outside work," Alice ventured. "It's nice to get to know both of you better."

I watched mesmerised as she brushed a strand of Laura's hair away from her face, then leaned slowly forward, their lips touching. Laura responded, her fingers reaching for Alice, pulling her harder into the kiss. Alice seemed to hesitate, then reached out a hand to caress Laura's breast, in response getting a quiet moan. Laura broke the kiss, reaching to lower the zip of her dress, sliding it down then unhooking her bra, letting the cups fall from her breasts and glancing down in obvious invitation. Alice leaned closer, her lips surrounding a nipple, and Laura's fingers tangled in her hair, her other hand squeezing her own breast. "Mm..."

Alice moved back for a moment, standing to slip her own dress from her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. She knelt on the bed, drawing Laura towards her for another kiss, and I felt a thrill as Laura reached out to explore between Alice's thighs. "Oh, please," whispered Alice, and Laura smiled, lying back and guiding Alice over her. Laura's pink tongue began to lap, and Alice moaned, her fingers drawn to her nipples, touching, squeezing...

Laura seemed to recall my presence for the first time, pausing in what she was doing to glance up at Alice. "You don't mind if Tim helps, do you?"

Alice shook her head wordlessly, and I moved across to the bed, kneeling behind her and reaching to cup her breasts in my hands as Laura resumed the attention she was giving with her mouth, her tongue.

I moved back a little, stroking one hand down Alice's back then letting my fingers seek between her thighs. "Oh yes," she gasped, "inside."

I slid a finger into her, close enough to feel the movement of Laura's tongue, and Alice moaned. "Oh god, I'm nearly coming already."

I replaced one finger with two, thrusting deep into her, then waited for her gasps to become almost desperate. "Ah - I'm -"

I placed a kiss in the centre of her back, then very gently brushed my thumb across her rear entrance. Her reaction was immediate, her muscles tightening around my fingers, a deep groan, her hips shuddering. I felt her pulsing against my thumb, and at the same time clear fluid spurted, splashing Laura's face as she continued to press her tongue against Alice's most sensitive place. "Wow, Alice," I breathed.

Finally she subsided, her chest heaving. "Oh my goodness."

Laura drew Alice into her arms, and I joined them, arms around both. After a few moments, Alice stirred, gently stroking Laura's back. Laura stretched, turning, and Alice's fingers followed her curves, caressing one breast. I shifted to cup the other in my hand, and Laura closed her eyes, smiling. Alice glanced at me, a question in her face, and my eyes signalled my answer. Her expression turned to one of anticipation, and she moved downwards, between Laura's parted thighs. Laura arched her hips as Alice's tongue touched her, and at the same time I began to use my fingers on her nipples, wetting my fingertips. "Oh, your mouth," she begged, and I bent over her to suckle, my tongue circling a hard nipple. "Oh - yes - I'm so close -" she gasped.
