 I woke to see Laura gently shaking Alice's shoulder. "Mmf," Alice managed, "I'd better think about getting to work."

Laura glanced at me, a definite hint of mischief in her expression. "We could all go out again tonight?"

"Sure."

Alice swung her legs out of the bed, heading naked for the bathroom, glancing back over her shoulder. "Shower looks pretty big," she hinted.

Laura grinned. "I call dibs, then. Tim's turn later."

I must have dozed off again, because the next thing I knew was Alice - now back in her office attire - leaning over me. "Be good."

She grinned. "Or don't be. Either way, I'll see you both later."

Her lips touched mine briefly, then she was gone, the door closing behind her. Laura emerged from the bathroom, towelling her hair dry. "Enjoy your shower?" I queried, raising my eyebrows.

"Yes - and no, I'm not going to tell you, well, not yet," she mock-scolded, wagging her finger at me. The mischievous expression returned to her face. "But I'm sure Alice will want to know about our day later - what shall we do that'll get her hot under the collar after a dull day at the office?"

"When you put it like that..." I grinned, pulling her down on top of me. The sensation of her breasts pressing against my bare chest was exquisite, and I felt myself begin to harden. Laura obviously noticed, and she shifted position, watching my face as she slid her growing wetness against my length. "Ohh, that's good," I breathed.

"I know what'll be even better," she hinted, raising her hips, guiding me into her. She put her hands flat on my chest and began to rock back and forth, her eyes closed. "Mmm..."

After a few moments, she lifted from me, moving so that her back was turned to me, and guided me back inside. She looked over her shoulder, her eyes full of promise. "Think you'll enjoy the different view?"

She began to flex her hips again, and I watched fascinated as her bottom rose and fell, the pink star of her other entrance visible above the opening I was penetrating. "Oh, god, Laura, you're not wrong."

I saw her hands move to her breasts, stroking, squeezing. "Yes, Tim, fuck me, fill me..."

I felt my climax approaching, and matched the movement of her hips with my own. "Mm - I'm close - oh yes - ahhh..."

As she felt me tip over the edge, she pushed down and back, once, again, "Mm, yes, give it to me..."

I subsided, panting, and she eased herself back to rest against my chest, still keeping me inside her. "That was good."

I softened, slipping out of her, and she turned, pillowing her head on my shoulder. "Did I say 'Good morning', or did I forget?" she teased.

"I think that counts as good morning," I chuckled.

"So what are we going to do today?" Laura queried. "Apart from fuck again when you're ready."

"Well," I mused, "you went shopping yesterday - that dress was amazing, by the way - but I missed out seeing you try things on. Why don't we fix that."

Laura's eyes lit up. "But breakfast? And you need a shower..."

She sat on the lid of the toilet while I stepped into the shower, and I watched, distracted, as her fingers slipped between her parted thighs. Her other hand squeezed one breast, gently pinching the nipple, and her face betrayed unmistakeable pleasure as her fingers slid deep inside her still-wet opening. "Mm," she gasped, moving her hand from her breasts to use fingertips on herself. "Oh yeah - can't wait till you're back inside me - maybe we can fuck in the changing room -"

Her voice tailed off, and I watched her face, her eyes closing, her mouth forming an O of pleasure. "Ahhh..."

Finally she opened her eyes, grinning at me. "That felt good. Like the show?"

"You bet," I agreed. "But I'd better wash, or we'll never get to the shops."

I finished showering, pulled on my clothes, and watched as Laura dressed in jeans and t-shirt. 

"Ready?"

"Sure."

The receptionist nodded as we passed the desk, then we were outside. "Need anything from your flat?" I queried.

Laura thought for a moment. "Let's pop in on our way back later."

"OK."

We turned the other way, and Laura slipped her hand into mine as we walked towards the town centre. "Keep them guessing," she teased. "Uncle and niece, or maybe stepdaughter. Or...?"

I grinned. "I get it. So where are we going first? Monsoon, New Look?"

Laura raised one eyebrow. "Not quite. Actually there's somewhere I'd like to show you."

We reached the precinct, but instead of heading for the main shopping area, Laura led me to one side, a narrower street with not many people about. "Here."

The window display seemed to involve a lot of velvet, in dark shades, with motifs that put me in mind of Halloween. "Wow."

Laura pushed the door open, and I followed her inside. The young man behind the counter - pierced, tattooed - glanced up, nodded at us, went back to the book he was reading.

Laura started to riffle through the racks of items, pulling out one then another and holding them against her body for me to assess. "I like that one," I nodded, indicating a corset dress, a leather front panel with cords to pull tight, the rest heavily-ornamented lace.

She grinned. "Me too. Shall we try it?"

I followed her towards the changing room, glancing back at the assistant. "Oh, he won't mind," Laura reassured.

The cubicle was generously-sized, and every wall was mirrored. Laura unselfconsciously shed her clothes, and I chuckled. "I should have guessed there was nothing underneath."

She nodded, slipping the dress over her head. "Help me with the laces?"

I drew the ends together loosely, looping them around then tying a shoelace-style bow. "OK?"

She threw me an amused look. "Can you manage a little tighter?"

I undid the bow, this time pulling the laces harder, the corset starting to crush her breasts, the gap between the leather panels narrowing to emphasis her cleavage. I managed to tie the ends again, and Laura turned, studying herself in the mirror. "That's more like it."

"You look like, what's the word, a dom-, domin-?" I ventured. "Like you need a whip or something."

"Oh, you have no idea," she grinned. She pulled back the curtain of the cubicle, stepping out. "OK if we go in the back for a while?" she called to the assistant.

"Help yourselves."

I followed Laura as she pushed through another curtain, stopping in my tracks as I took in what it concealed. "OK..."

The room beyond was filled with an array of items, some of which I vaguely recognised, others baffling but at the same time seeming to hold a hint of menace. A mannequin to one side was dressed much as Laura now was, but with a flesh-coloured shaft protruding, lifting the front of its skirt.

I swallowed, remembering the sensation of Laura penetrating me, and I felt my mouth turn dry. "Ah, Laura..."

She rolled her eyes, smiling. "Don't worry - I know you're a 'vanilla kind of guy', I won't go too far."

She reached across to pick up something closely resembling a small cat o' nine tails, knotted leather straps attached to a smooth handle. "Do you have your phone on you?"

I fished in my pocket. "Send Alice a picture," she urged, and I complied as she posed. A few seconds later my phone beeped: 'Wow! Bet you're having fun - good job no-one was looking over my shoulder. I might just have to go off to the loo by myself for a couple of minutes...'

I showed Laura the message, and she grinned. "Now, is there anything else here we might need?"

She picked up something long, smooth, flexible. "OK, I think I have everything else at my flat."

I followed her back to the cubicle, watching as she changed back into jeans and t-shirt. We went to the counter, and the assistant rang up our items on the till, slipping them into a bag without comment. I handed over my credit card, wondering exactly how this particular transaction would appear on my statement, and tapped in my number. "Thanks, Tim," smiled Laura.

I held the door for her as we returned to the street. "You ready for something to eat now?"

"Sure."

I spotted the familiar golden arches. "How about a burger?"

For a moment Laura's expression seemed much younger than her age. "And a milkshake?"

"Of course."

We got our food - Laura insisted on me getting her one of the kids' toys too - and found a table in the window. We talked as we ate, and I began to fill in the gaps in my knowledge of Laura's life. Finally she finished her milkshake, sucking the last few drops up the straw noisily. "OK, I'm ready."

"Where would you like to go next?" I queried.

"Actually I quite fancy seeing a film - they do matinee showings at the place in the precinct."

I disposed of our tray, and we walked towards the cinema. "That one sounds interesting," Laura pointed.

I bought tickets, and we went through into the auditorium. "Let's go on the back row," Laura suggested.

We took our seats, and after a few minutes the lights dimmed, the film beginning. Laura took my hand, guiding my fingers to the waistband of her jeans. "Makes things a little more exciting," she whispered.

I took the hint, sliding my fingers down, finding warmth and wetness, and Laura flexed her hips as my fingertips moved on her. "Mmm..."

She leaned closer, her mouth near my ear. "Let me tell you what I've imagined for later, when we're with Alice again."

I chuckled. "Can't wait."

"So we're just finishing dinner - I'm in my new dress, she's wearing that low-cut number with no bra again. You've been touching me the whole time, just like you are now, and every so often I've been leaning across to whisper naughty things to Alice."

I blinked as I felt Laura's tongue dip wetly into my ear, then shivered as she blew softly. "And Alice really likes it when I do that," she murmured.

"So we finish our coffee, start walking back to your room. We take the lift, and as soon as the doors slide shut, Alice and I are kissing, moaning, we can't keep our hands off each other. The lift stops before it gets to our floor, and we only just move apart before the doors open to let some guy on. Alice's face is flushed, she's panting, but he doesn't seem to notice, and the lift stops again, we get out."

"We get inside the room, and Alice is fumbling with the zip on her dress. I help her get it off, then push her gently back onto the bed. I kneel over her, start to rub myself against her mound, my hands on her breasts."

"You come up behind me, you've found the bottle of lube, and you lift my dress at the back, run your fingertip down my cleft, slide your finger into my back opening. Alice starts to push her hips upwards as I move on her, and I feel myself getting close. 'Oh - yes - I'm...'"

Laura closed her eyes, and I felt her shudder with pleasure, her thighs tightening on my fingers. "Mmm."

I chuckled. "Wow, Laura. I was going to say, don't wear yourself out for later, but I think it just makes you want more, doesn't it..."

Laura nodded. "You bet."

"So what happens next?" I queried.

"I start to kiss Alice again, and she grabs my hand, pushes it between her thighs. I take the hint, and start to fuck her with two fingers. You take over kissing her while I use my lips and my tongue on her breasts, and she's moaning against your mouth. She breaks the kiss, gasping, and you move down, now we're both sucking her nipples and my fingers are fucking her harder. She tangles her fingers in your hair, her other hand's on my back, her fingernails digging into my skin."

"Suddenly her whole body tenses, her back arches, she cries out, she's almost crushing my fingers as her thighs come together -"

Laura broke off, another ripple of pleasure coursing through her body, her breathing heavy in my ear. "Mmm..."

I waited a few moments, then turned to whisper to her. "So that takes care of you and Alice - well, the first time at least. How about me, what did you have in mind?"

She smiled against my cheek. "You remember last night?"

I nodded. "I'm hardly going to forget that."

"Well," chuckled Laura, "it's hard to improve on a classic."

She paused. "Unless... but no, you wouldn't want to hear it, being so 'vanilla' and all..."

I curled a fingertip inside her, getting a gasp in response. "Well, tell me anyway - you never know."

She continued, though her voice was obviously distracted. "Well, you could be inside one of us - I think you like Alice's cunt, don't you - and I could be in you, I'd enjoy fucking you again."

I didn't reply, and she blew softly in my ear again. "Think about it."

I felt her fingers pressing against my erection. "Feels like you could be ready again."

"Film's not quite finished," I pointed out.

She shrugged. "I've guessed the ending anyway. Come on..."

We picked our way through the darkness, and I blinked as we emerged into the foyer. "Back to the hotel?"

Laura grinned, shaking her head. "I have a more interesting idea."

She took my hand again, leading me towards the car park, up concrete stairs. "It's early, nobody's going to be on the top level."

Doors opened onto a rooftop parking area, and Laura walked across to the low parapet, looking out over the city. I joined her, and she turned, coming into my arms and kissing me. "Help me with my jeans," she hinted.

I fumbled with the button, then lowered her zip. I hooked my fingers in the waistband, tugging her jeans downwards, off. She turned her back to me, leaning on the parapet, and I moved up behind her. "Ahh..." she breathed as I eased into her, cupping my hands round her breasts. "Don't hold back," she murmured.

I took her at her word, satisfying myself in her wetness, thrusting until I reached a gasping climax. "Mmm," she sighed.

I kept her in my arms for long moments, both of us contemplating the city below. Finally she turned, retrieving her jeans and pulling them on. "Think we can go to the flat now."

We made our way back past the hotel to the Victorian villa, and once we were up in her flat Laura nodded towards the bed. "Make yourself comfortable while I sort out a few things."

I put my arms behind my head, watching as she moved around. "Do you like this place?"

She shrugged. "It's cheap, and it serves a purpose. Why?"

"Oh, nothing."

Laura finished what she was doing. "You look very settled there. Maybe we could have a nap."

She grinned wickedly. "After all, we have a busy evening planned."

She joined me on the bed, and I wrapped my arms around her. "Sweet dreams."

Some immeasurable time later I opened my eyes again. The afternoon was drawing on, darkness starting to fall. Laura woke, stretching, and I stroked her hair. "You hungry?"

She shook her head. "I'll be fine till dinner."

"Shower here, or at the hotel?" I queried.

"Hotel, I think," Laura decided.

She picked up the bag containing our purchases from the morning. "OK, ready."

When we got back to the hotel, the housekeeping staff had clearly taken care of the room - bed neatly made, coffee replenished, bathroom cleaned. Laura shed her clothes and stepped into the shower. "Join me?"

I shook my head. "But hold that thought for the morning."

I watched as she showered, then towelled her hair dry. "Help me with my dress again?" she asked. This time she seemed satisfied with the tightness of the laces, and she posed for me, hand on hip. "It's 'domme', by the way," she winked.

My shower took a few minutes, and I'd just finished dressing when there was a knock on the door. I opened it, and Alice stepped into the room. "Wow," I breathed.

In place of the red dress, Alice was wearing a crop top which exposed her flat stomach, and a short, flared skirt. I could already see the outline of her erect nipples, and she leaned forward to accept a kiss on the lips. "Glad you like the outfit," she smiled.

Laura emerged from the bathroom, and Alice grinned. "You bought the dress, then."

"And some other things," Laura nodded. "But that's for later. You hungry?"

"Definitely."

Laura glanced at me. "Could we order from room service? I'd feel a little conspicuous going out like this."

The look she gave Alice reminded me of the fantasy we'd shared earlier in the day, and I guessed that Laura might not want to delay fulfilling it, or something even better.

I walked over to the phone. "What would you two like to eat, then?"

"I think they do a decent steak, baked potato," suggested Laura.

"Sounds good," nodded Alice.

I ordered for all of us - "and a couple of decent bottles of Rioja" - and put the phone down. "So what shall we do while we wait for dinner?"

"So tell me about your day," urged Alice. "I know you went shopping, but..."

"Then burgers - Tim bought me a milkshake. After that we went to the pictures."

"On the back row, if I know you," grinned Alice. "And I bet you haven't a clue what you watched."

Laura tried but failed to look sheepish. "Actually we didn't even stay till the end. We made a bit of a detour via the multi-storey."

"All right for some," Alice pretended to grumble. "I did get a few minutes to myself after lunch, though. What then?"

"A nap at the flat, then back here to shower." Laura held up her hand, grinning, as Alice took a breath to speak again. "Alone, honestly."

There was a knock at the door, and I opened it to find a neatly-aproned maid pushing a trolley. "Thank you, we can serve ourselves."

Laura took a plate from me, lifting her fork to sample the baked potato. "Mm."

I poured wine for us, and Alice tapped her glass against Laura's. "Here's to tonight."

"Tonight," Laura agreed.

When we'd finished eating, I stacked plates and left the trolley outside the door, hanging the 'Do not Disturb' sign on the knob. When I went back inside, Alice and Laura were sitting on the bed, Laura's arm slipping round Alice's shoulders, leaning closer, their lips about to touch. "Room for another one?" I teased.

Laura paused, and I smiled, shaking my head. "Don't let me stop you."

They kissed, and Laura's fingers stroked the bare skin between Alice's top and her skirt. I joined them on the bed, sitting on the other side of Alice, caressing her back. "Mm," she murmured.

I kissed the back of her neck softly, sliding my hands around to cup her breasts through her top. Her nipples were hard, and I brushed them with fingertips, getting a gasp. I caught Laura's eye, and she nodded, smiling. I eased Alice's top over her breasts, cupping them again, rolling her nipples gently between my thumb and fingers. Her lips moved against Laura's more urgently, and Laura reached for the zip of her skirt. Alice lifted her hips to let Laura tug the skirt down and off, then the two resumed kissing.

After a few moments Laura moved back. "I have a treat for you, Alice."

She reached to the side of the bed, retrieving one of the items we'd bought that morning. Alice's eyes widened, but she nodded, lying back, parting her thighs. Laura watched Alice's face as she slid one end of the smooth, flexible object slowly into her. "Ahh..." breathed Alice. Laura eased the other end inside herself, flexing her hips, and glanced in my direction. "Tim - I'm sure you can think of ways to help."

I kissed her on the lips, then moved across to kiss Alice likewise. My lips moved downwards, brushing Alice's nipples, then further, over her smooth stomach, the soft fur of her mound. I buried my mouth in her wetness, starting to use my tongue on her most sensitive spot, and at the same time reached out searching fingers to touch Laura. "Mm," she moaned, her hips flexing, and I heard Alice's gasp as she was penetrated more deeply. I moved tongue and fingers more insistently, and Alice's hands were drawn to her own breasts, squeezing, kneading. "Oh - I -" she managed, before her hips bucked, her back arched. "Ahhh..."

I shifted the attentions of my tongue to Laura, and she put a hand behind my head, pressing me into her, pushing her hips up against my mouth. Alice's eyes were fixed on Laura's face as she began to moan softly, then to gasp. "Mm - oh, that feels good, so full..."
