 "Bye, then. I'll talk to you tomorrow."

I ended the call, and looked around the hotel room. A bed, four walls, bathroom. I couldn't stay here for the rest of the day. A walk would do me good.

I pulled my jacket back on and made my way back to the reception area, nodding to the young man behind the desk. "I'll be back for dinner."

He nodded, and I walked out through the sliding doors to the road. I vaguely recalled a row of shops, then a park, so I turned left, in no hurry.

When I reached the shops, the area was more run-down than I'd remembered, Victorian villas converted into cheap flats. But I could see the park railings ahead, so I carried on. I paused just before the park gates to read the sign, not really noticing the young woman standing by a nearby lamppost.

"Looking for anything in particular?"

Her voice was quiet, with only a trace of the distinctive local accent, and I noticed that even though the day had been dry, she wore a raincoat perhaps a size too large for her.

"Not really," I replied to her question. "I've got a few hours to kill, I thought I'd get some fresh air."

She took a couple of steps towards me. "Maybe you'd like some company? I'm Laura, by the way."

She loosened the belt of her coat slightly, her smile suggestive, and I felt a strange thrill run through me as I suddenly realised. "Oh, um, hi, Laura. I'm Tim."

Laura tilted her head slightly. "I guess maybe you're not used to this. Don't worry, I'll help you, if it's what you want."

My vision blurred for a second, scenes from the last few days flashing through my mind, and something rose inside me, a mixture of freedom, defiance, anticipation. Why not? I asked myself. 

"I'm tempted," I admitted aloud. "But I'm assuming there's a quid pro quo?"

I wondered if I'd have to explain my obscure words, but she smiled, raising then lowering her eyebrows. "It's two fifty to start with, then a hundred an hour if you want more."

She seemed to assess my business suit, perhaps the shine of my shoes. "Or if you want all night, that's a thousand."

I blinked, but my decision was made. "Let's see how things go, shall we."

I looked around. "Um, do you want to come back to the hotel?"

Laura shook her head slightly. "My place isn't far, and there are some things there we might need."

She paused, again seeming to assess me. "This is vanilla only, right - if you want anything unusual, I'll tell you if I'm OK with it, and how much."

I swallowed, wondering what 'unusual' might consist of. "Sure. I think I'm a vanilla kind of guy."

She flashed one eyebrow. "Well, maybe you'll surprise yourself. Come on."

We walked side by side up the road for a few hundred yards, then she turned in to one of the better-kept properties, using her key to open the front door. "Top floor at the end - nobody minds so much if there's any noise."

Another key for the door of her flat, then we were in the tiny hallway. "Bedroom's here," she indicated.

I stepped through the doorway, glancing around. I wasn't sure what I'd been expecting, but everything looked pretty ordinary. The bed was probably king-size, and the sheets were crisply ironed, matching pillowcases. No ornaments, but a couple of soft toys on one side of the bed.

I heard a rustle, Laura unfastening her coat and slipping it off, dropping it over the back of a chair. Underneath her garments were less provocative than I'd expected - thigh-length skirt over stockings, a satiny blouse through which I could make out breasts a little more generous than her slim figure might suggest.

"Want me to strip for you?" she queried. "Or do you prefer to do the undressing?"

"A bit of a show would be nice," I admitted.

Laura grinned, running her hands briefly over breasts, thighs. "I like it too."

She used fingertips to pull her blouse loose from the waist of her skirt, lifting the hem to briefly reveal a red lacy bra before letting the blouse fall back into place. "Of course, a little teasing is always a thing."

She turned her back, this time crossing her arms and lifting the blouse off over her head. Her back was smooth, white, and I watched fascinated as she lowered the zip of her skirt, slipping it down to the floor, stepping out of it. She turned back to face me, arms by her sides, and watched my face. "I think you like what you see."

I nodded. "Laura, you're... gorgeous."

She gave a tiny shrug. "Anyway, your turn."

I felt more than a little self-conscious as I shed shirt, trousers, socks, straightening to stand in my boxer shorts. "Not bad," Laura conceded. "Do you keep yourself in shape?"

"Not as much as I should," I admitted. "I used to run a bit, not often these days."

"Well," she grinned, "there are ways we can help you keep up."

My eyes flared open as she suddenly stepped closer, putting a hand on the front of my shorts. "Getting a reaction, anyway."

I'd not been paying much attention, but I realised that she was right; my body had reacted in the predictable way to having an almost-naked young woman in front of me.

"Let's see," she murmured, hooking fingers through my shorts and carefully drawing them down as she sank to her knees. "Oh, yes, you'll do fine."

She wrapped her fingers around my erection, then just for a moment enveloped me between her lips. "You like that?"

I nodded dumbly, and she straightened. "Let's take this over to the bed, shall we?"

She stretched out in the middle of the bed, giving an inviting wriggle. "Come here."

I joined her, moving as though to put my lips on hers, but she turned aside. "Maybe later," her voice held no anger, leaving things open. "But you can put your mouth in some other places if you want."

Her nipples showed clearly through the lace of her bra, and I ventured to kiss the nearest. "Mm," she nodded. "Like that."

I moved from one nipple to the other, gently pressing with my lips, then dabbing with a tonguetip. "You want them bare to you?" Laura queried.

Without waiting for my response, she arched her back, reaching behind to unclasp her bra, slipping the cups off her breasts but not completely discarding the garment. I bent to her nipples again, this time suckling softly, feeling them harden. She breathed in, her chest rising, and I paused for a second. "You like this too?"

Laura nodded wordlessly and I returned to suckling, tonguing. I felt her fingers again wrapped around me, then her other hand took mine, guiding it between her now-parted thighs, where I found unmistakeable dampness through the cotton of her panties. "Press harder," she whispered, and I obeyed, feeling warmth and more dampness. I dared to move my hand, sliding fingers inside her panties, fingertips crossing only smooth skin before moving lower again, slipperiness, and a gasp from Laura as my finger brushed a hard nub. "You're not bad at this," she chuckled softly. "Take them off, they're in the way."

I moved to kneel below her feet, and she raised her hips, letting me slide her panties down, off. Again I felt a thrill at her next words. "There - completely naked."

She looked up at me. "Are you ready? Or would you like some more help?"

I quirked an eyebrow. "I'd like it, but I think if you gave me any more help, there wouldn't be anything after that."

Laura nodded. "Maybe later, if you like."

She reached across to the bedside cabinet, opening the top drawer. "Do you have a favourite colour?"

"Um, blue?"

She took out a familiar-looking square, deftly tearing the foil and taking out the contents. "Come here, then."

Her fingers were businesslike but gentle as she rolled the condom onto me, then she drew her knees upwards, parting her thighs even further in an obvious invitation. "Now, then."

I lowered myself, wondering if I'd be too heavy for her, and I felt her hand on me, guiding me towards my destination. Then I was moving into her, and I couldn't help but give a quiet moan. "God, Laura, that feels good."

"For me, too. Has it been a while?"

"Yes," I admitted.

"Then go for it," she encouraged, "don't hold back."

I began to move in her, and she matched my rhythm, flexing her hips. "That's it, " she whispered, "just like that."

I felt the pressure of long months building irresistibly. "Oh - Laura - can I -"

"Yes, you can come," she breathed.

"Oh - ohhhh!!" Incongruously her words floated back into my mind: Nobody minds about the noise. Then I was spending myself, hardly conscious of the barrier between us, feeling Laura using her muscles to increase my already-overwhelming pleasure.

Finally I subsided, and she drew my head down onto her chest. "Well done," she murmured, "you were great."

I pillowed my head on her breasts, feeling my heart rate coming back down, my breathing slowing. "Laura - thank you."

"Mm-hmm," she murmured, fingers gently stroking my hair. "Just relax..."

***

I must have dozed off, and when I opened my eyes Laura was sitting on the edge of the bed, panties and bra back in place. She smiled at me. "OK?"

"More than OK," I admitted.

I glanced around but couldn't see a clock. "What time is it?"

"About six."

She seemed to be waiting for something, and I gave her a hesitant smile. "Do you need to be somewhere else?"

Laura returned my smile. "Not at all. You?"

I shook my head. "Laura? You said - I think you said... Would you come back, spend the night with me, at the hotel."

I hesitated. "We can go past a cashpoint. And maybe I can get us something to eat?"

"Both of those would be perfect," she nodded. "OK - let me get some clothes on, and I'll need to bring a few things."

I watched as she dressed, this time exchanging her raincoat for a smart jacket. "Turn your back," she motioned with a finger, and I obeyed, puzzled.

I heard the sound of drawers opening, closing. "OK," I heard, "you can look again now."

Over Laura's shoulder she carried a largish handbag, the zip closed, and I wondered exactly what items she'd selected as necessary for later.

I pulled my own clothes on and followed her out of the flat, starting to feel a slight anxiety as to the reaction of the hotel staff when I turned up with a young woman. But the concierge just nodded, handing me my key. "Will that be two for dinner, then, Mr Smith?"

"Please."

We took the lift back up to my room, and Laura looked round as the door closed behind us. "Nice. Bed could be bigger, though."

She glanced at the bathroom. "I need to pee, really."

"OK if I watch?" I ventured.

She grinned broadly. "I knew you weren't all that vanilla- we'll have you enjoying some kink in no time. Sure, come on."

Laura hitched up her skirt, slid her panties down, and sat, legs parted. I watched fascinated as her stream began, splashing strongly in the water, then slowed to a trickle. She wiped herself neatly with a square of toilet roll, then glanced at me with a smile. "Liked that?"

"Mm-hmm."

I hesitated. "Laura - can I ask you a question?"

"Of course."

"Do you - um, when you come - do you, well, ever squirt?"

Again the grin. "It has been known. Maybe after dinner you can see if you can find out."

"Suddenly I'm really hungry," I chuckled. "Shall we skip starters, though? Takes too long."

Laura pretended a disappointed face. "Well, maybe a different kind of starter."

She moved closer, standing on tiptoe, and watched my eyes as she touched her lips softly to mine. "I did say later, didn't I."

Our kiss deepened, and I put my hands on her hips, pulling her against me so she could feel my hardness. "Mm," she murmured. "But we did definitely say dinner."

I reluctantly released her, and we made our way to the restaurant. Laura smiled as I held her chair for her. "Not many gentlemen around these days."

The menu was adequate but unexciting, and we both chose pasta. "Not going to do the Lady and the Tramp, though," I teased, and she looked blank for a moment. "Oh, yes, the spaghetti."

We ordered red wine with our meal, and Laura sipped at hers. "Only the one glass each," she mock-warned. "I don't want you falling asleep on me."

Finally the dishes were cleared away - "Dessert back in your room, too," Laura promised, her eyes dancing. I signed the bill and we made our way back upstairs.

The door closed behind us, and Laura again looked towards the bathroom. "I wouldn't mind a wash, actually."

She glanced at me. "Want to fuck me in the shower?"

My eyes widened, and Laura chuckled. "I can see you like being shocked a little. How about it?"

"Maybe later," I stole her phrase. "Have your wash, I'll be waiting."

She shed her clothes, tossing them in an untidy pile on the chair, and stepped into the cubicle. I watched for a few moments as water cascaded down her body, her breasts, then went back into the room, undressing and lying down on the bed with my hands behind my head. I wondered for a moment, what I had got myself into, but as the sound of running water ceased and the anticipation kicked in again, I dismissed my doubts.

Laura appeared, towelling her hair dry. "So, lover, what's it to be? Same again, or a little variety?"

I raised an eyebrow. "Actually I think it's your turn - and I definitely want to find out if you, you know..."

She grinned. "I'm not complaining. Let me show you my favourite way, then."

She slid across me, positioning herself so that her mound - still damp from the shower - was over my face. I took the obvious hint, pulling her a little closer and starting to use my tongue on her, alternating with kissing her mound. I felt a faint prickle, and wondered how often she shaved. But even this sensation was a turn-on, and I tongued more insistently, my hands sliding up to cup, stroke her breasts, then back down again to grip her thighs, her bottom, as she rocked against me.

I heard her breathing begin to quicken, then turn to tiny gasps. I wondered if anyone in a neighbouring room might object if she got any noisier - or I did later - but then the thought was lost in Laura's obviously-growing pleasure. "Oh - oh god - yes -" she whispered. Then louder - "Oh! Yes - I'm nearly -"

Her words dissolved into incoherent cries, her hips flexing insistently, the muscles under her smooth stomach tensing visibly. Then - more amazing even than I'd imagined - a spurt, then a second, a third, of clear fluid, coating my face and chin, tasted on my tongue. I held her against me, pressing my mouth into her until I was sure she was spent, then released her, tilting my head back to look up at her face. "Mm," she nodded, still not finding words. "Mm yeah."

Finally she slid off, moving to lie beside me, and it was her turn to pillow her head on my chest. "OK?" I queried. "Mm."

A few minutes later I felt her stir, and unmistakeable fingers round my still slightly hard shaft. "Do you need a little help?" she queried. "I can use my mouth again, or I brought some little blue pills."

"Let's try without the pills," I ventured a little nervously, and Laura grinned. "They're nothing to be afraid of," she reassured. "But OK, just the natural way, then."

She slid down, and once more I felt the incredible sensation of her lips surrounding me warmly, tongue swirling. Soon I was hard again, and she looked up at me. "Ready for something a little less than vanilla this time?"

"Um, OK."

Laura unzipped her bag, flashing her eyebrows at my unsuccessful attempt to see inside. "Naughty - only one toy at a time. In fact, talking of toys..."

She produced a slim plastic cylinder, and a bottle of liquid. "I think we can make good use of these."

She unscrewed the lid of the bottle, upending it over her palm and letting a generous amount pour out. "It'll be a little cold."

Her hand went to my erection, liberally applying the slippery fluid. Then I blinked as she turned her back to me, moving her feet apart, sliding her still-slippery fingers into the cleft of her bottom. One finger dipped into her pink star, and I heard her moan unmistakeably. "Think you can cope with being in there?" she breathed.

"I guess," I ventured, and she grinned. "One incentive - you won't need a condom for this."

She used her hands to pull her cheeks apart, moving from side to side invitingly, and I made my decision. Whatever this amazing, passionate, sensual girl offered me, I would do.

I pressed my hard tip against her rear opening, easing in slowly, and Laura moaned. "Oh, yes, Tim, this is my favourite."

She picked up the plastic cylinder from the bed and slid it into her other opening. "Oh - yes - if you're careful, take your time, I'll come like this."

I chuckled. "After earlier, I think I can hold on for a while."

I moved fully into her, and started to flex my hips. "Oh - mm - wow," came Laura's response, and she started to work her toy in and out, her other hand squeezing her breasts and nipples.

I had an idea, and slid a hand to cup her mound, then brush a fingertip against the hardness just below. "Ahh - oh goodness - yes -" I heard, then her hips pushed desperately back against me. "Mm - mm - mm - Oh!!"

A sensation like nothing I'd ever experienced as her muscles rippled around me, and I gasped in surprise as my own orgasm suddenly crashed onto me. Spurt after spurt into her waiting depths, and a smile in her voice through her own still-gasping breaths. "Oh, well done..."

I softened, slid out of her, and she turned in my arms. "Hold me..."

This time we must both have slept, and Laura opened her eyes, blinking. A moment's uncertainty, then "Mmf, Tim, I feel really relaxed."

She sat up. "But not too relaxed for more fun, if you're up for it."

I took a deep breath. "Wow. Definitely up for it in my head, but it might finally be time for those blue pills."

Laura rummaged in her bag, then I watched appreciatively as she walked still naked to the bathroom, returning with a glass of water. "Just the one, anyway."

I put the offered pill on my tongue, washing it down, and glanced at her. "No going back now. How long does it take?"

"Oh, not long. Anyway, what I have in mind lasts for a while, so you'll be fine."

She put her hand flat against my chest, pushing gently. "On your back for this one."

"OK".

I expected her to kneel over me for more of my tongue, but instead she picked up the bottle, pouring a generous amount into her palm. My eyes flared wide as her fingers cupped my balls then moved backwards, distributing the slippery fluid around my rear opening, a finger dipping daringly inside. "So that toy again, but somewhere else?" I queried.

Her grin was more wicked, knowing, this time. "Well, a sort of toy. Close your eyes."

I obeyed, hearing the zip of her bag then some sounds I couldn't identify. "OK, I'm ready."

I opened my eyes and for the first time felt a flash of fear. Round Laura's waist were straps - plastic or leather, I wasn't sure - and from just above her now-concealed mound protruded something long, narrow, with a slight bulge at the tip. "Is that -?"

She nodded. "You bet. Wanna try? I promise it'll be worth it."

I gulped. "OK."

She knelt between my legs, pressing the tip of her surrogate cock against my opening. It was cool, slippery, and with a sense of amazement I felt it slip inside me. "Oh - oh god - that's actually good - what's it pressing against?"

Laura chuckled. "I think that's called your prostate. Lots of orgasms are good for it, by the way."

She flexed her hips, moving in me, and I saw pleasure reflected in her face. "Why do you like this?" I queried.

She shrugged. "Not sure. Sense of power, roles reversed, I can be the dominant one, decide the pace."

Laura thrust insistently, getting a gasp from me. "And I can even be a little too rough if I want - get my own back on men."

My face must have betrayed my trepidation, because her expression softened. "Don't worry - I won't really hurt you. Anyway, do you think that pill is starting to work yet?"
