 What in the fuck have I gotten myself into? When he said that he had a surprise for me, I never would have thought it was going to be anything like this. Now, here I am, completely naked, tied to this bed, my eyes blindfolded, and I'm completely under his control. Maybe I should have given into him, maybe I should have fucked him all those times he'd asked for it, but I just didn't think that I was ready for it. I mean, my God, I just met this man a month ago! I had to wait, I had to decide that he was going to be right for me, and now I've gotten myself into this mess. Maybe I shouldn't have led him on, maybe I shouldn't have let him kiss me, or feel on my tits, and then told him no when he'd reach to unbutton my pants. But I guess I can't change that now, no turning back for me, I wonder where he is, what he's going to do to me, I haven't heard him in awhile. 

Oh God there he is, I think it's him, I wish I could fucking see! Why am I moving my head from side to side? It's not like it's going to help a god damn bit! Fuck, I hate this! I wouldn't have minded if he took me somewhere and fucked me, I would have done that, but to be like this, it's just too much. What's that smell? Did he bring food? Yes, I smell something sweet, like chocolate, or fruit, and that's a wine cork being unscrewed. Is he going to let me up? Or is he going to feed me? 

"Are you hungry Darling?"

"Yes, are you going to let me up?" What's he laughing for, this isn't funny!

"No, I'm not going to let you up."

"Why, what've I done to you? You're scaring me so bad!"

"There's nothing to be afraid of my little one. It's just a game; soon you will be enjoying yourself."

"This is one game that I don't feel like being a fucking part of! Untie me! Or at least take the cloth from my eyes, and let me see!"

"No reason for the harsh words my Love. Just be patient."

Be patient, what the hell, how can I be patient! I wish I wasn't tied up, I'd kick him, or punch him or something, God he's making me angry! What's that?

"Drink honey, it's your favorite wine." 

"You didn't lace it with anything did you?" Why the hell did I ask that, not like he'd tell me if he did. 

"No, I didn't. Why don't you trust me?"

"There's a couple of reasons!" There's that stupid laughing again. 

"Okay, okay, I get it. Just please trust me, I wouldn't do anything to hurt you. I love you, and I just want to please you."

"If you wanted to please me, you'd let me see!"

"Fine, I'll nix the god damn food for now, and move on!"

"Don't you get angry with me Mister! You have no right!" Look at me, I'm the one that's defenseless and still I am talking back! What's he doing now, why'd he get off the bed? Oh God, please don't let him leave me again, I couldn't stand it if I was by myself again, I'd go crazy! What am I talking about, going crazy? I'm already half way fucking there! Where's he at? Oh there he is, thank God! But what the hell is he doing? What's that? What's he put on me, is that, that chocolate? He's pouring chocolate on me? 

"What are you doing?"

"Well, you wouldn't let me eat my lunch, so I'm going for desert! Baby, just please relax, I promise you, you will enjoy yourself so much, if you'd just trust me, and just relax."

Whatever! Mmmm...what's that? He's tongue? Oh my that feels nice. Oooo...yes, lick my nipples, oh God, that's good! What the hell! I can't be getting all horny! I can't lose myself, I can't give in to him, anymore than I already have! But...oh yes, that feels so good! Mmm..Yes baby, suck my nipples into your mouth, that's it, oh yes! Stop it! Stop giving into him! What's he doing now? Where's he going? No, come back! Play with my tits some...Oh fuck! He's kissing my pussy! God yes! Yes! Lick it, please lick my pussy! 

"Are you feeling better now?"

"Yes, please keep going. That feels so good!"

"You like this?" 

Oh Baby if you only knew exactly how much I liked it. Yes, lick me! Oh that's it.

"Yes I like it very much!"

Oooo...yes, yes I do! Oh yeah, fuck me with your tongue! Oh that's good, that's it, just do it, oh fuck don't stop! Oh God, he's going to make me cum! Who would have thought that I'd like this so much! Where's he going? What's he doing. Is that his, oh yes it is, he's licking my ass! Oh shit that feels good! But please come back up, lick my cunt! I want to cum so bad! 

"Aaaaaa, yes baby that feels so good! Oh God I love your tongue! Oh baby, baby please make me cum! Please! I need to cum so bad!"

"But we've just started! You want to cum so soon?"

"Oh yes, please!"

"No, no I don't think so." 

What a little imp! I can't believe that he just up and quit like that! Dammit! I want to cum! What's he doing? Mmmm...there's his cock, resting on my lips, and my my isn't he hard! Oh wow, I really should have fucked this before! Mmmm...he tastes so good, his pre-cum is so sweet! God, he feels good in my mouth. That's it Honey, fuck my throat! Oh yes! Mmmm...do it harder! That's it. Hey where're you going? Don't take your cock from...Oh yeah, fuck my tits! God this guy really gets around doesn't he? Oooo...yeah, pinch my nipples! Ram that cock in between my big soft tits! Just like that, oh yeah! God this guy's good! 

"You like that?"

"You better believe it! I love feeling your big cock between my tits baby. It feels so good!"

"You want me to fuck that pussy of yours?"

"Oh yes! Please fuck my pussy!" 

"Really? That didn't sound to convincing."

"Shit, please! I want to feel your cock ramming into my cunt! I need to feel it. I have to feel it or I might die! Please, my darling, my love, please fuck me!"

"That was better."

That was better my ass that was great! What else does he want me to say! Mmmm...there he goes! Oh yes Baby, give it to me! Give me your dick! What? What are you doing? Give me all of it! 

"I want all of your cock baby! Why are you only giving me half of it?"

"You want it all? Why? I don't need to put it in any further for myself."

There's that stupid laugh again, "Yes, I need it all! I need to feel all of you inside of me! I need to feel all of your cock, not just some of it! Please give it all to me!" Why am I bucking my hips, not like I can move them that much! God, why does he have to tease me like this? 

"Okay, okay, I can tell by the way you're pressing your lips together that you're really angry. I guess I've teased you enough."

"Yes you have! Now give me your cock!" 

Oooo...yes that's it. More, more, Oh fuck yes! That's it, my God that feels awesome. That's wonderful! Now, fuck me! Fuck the shit out of me! Make me cum baby! 

"You like that don't you? Now, you're sorry for not fucking me before aren't you?"

"Yes, yes, please just fuck me! Fuck me hard! Make me cum all over your cock!"

"Like this?"

"Mmmm...just like that!" Oh yeah baby, that feels so good, shove that cock into me! Oh yes, I'm going to cum!

"Oh baby, I'm going to cum. You're going to make me cum! Fuck me harder! OH Shit just like that! Oh God I'm cumming! Oh yes! That's good, that's so good!" 

"That's it baby, cum all over my cock. God your pussy feels so good! So wet, so hot! Mmmmm...that's it, squeeze my cock with your wonderful cunt!" 

Oh God, am I ever going to calm down, am I ever going to quit cumming. Aaaaa...I don't know if I can take anymore! I'm so dizzy, but fuck it feels so good! What's that? Is he, I can see! Oh yes, he took off the blindfold. Look at him, looking so sexy as he fucks me, that little impish smile on his face, his chest glistening with his sweat. Mmm..What a site to see! If I'd ever calm down, I'd thank him! Oh here it goes, there the dizziness is gone. Whew, what a ride.

"Thank you my darling for letting me see!"

"I wanted to see the look in your eyes as you came. You're so pretty when you're cumming. Those bright green eyes get even brighter when you're caught in your own desire."

What words he has! I'm going to start cumming again if he doesn't stop.

"You want me to untie you too? You want to ride my cock?"

"Please! I do, I do, I want to ride your cock!"

That feels good, those ropes were a little too tight. I am glad that my hands didn't fall asleep that would've sucked! Mmmm...look at him below me, he's too damn sexy for his own good. There, is cock feels so good, so deep. God that's too wonderful for words. Here, you like that baby, like when I dance on your cock, up and down, side to side? I know you like it, I can tell by that look on your face. Mmmm...like when you grab my hips like that. Oh yes, make me fuck you! Bounce me on your cock! Mmm...you're going to make me cum again! Oh yes! Why are you taking your hands from me. Oh...that's good, mmmm...play with my tits! Oh yes that feels good! Here honey, suck on them. Oooo that's it! Suck my tits while I fuck your cock! Oh God, your mouth feels wonderful wrapped around my nipple. Oh yeah, bit it a little, that's great! Fuck that feels so good! 

I feel your cock swelling my Love, are you going to cum? Are you going to cum for me baby? Mmmm...yeah, cum for me. 

"I'm going to cum!"

"Fill my pussy Baby! Cum in my cunt! Oh I want to feel it so bad!" 

That's it, grab my ass, bring me to you, oh yes! Yes, yes! I feel it baby, I feel your hot seed releasing into my cunt! Oh that feels so fucking good. Mmmm...that's it baby fill me all up! 

Oh wow, that was wonderful! I could kick myself for saying no to him so many times before. Though I must say that I'm still not very happy about the way he went about it but look at him, his eyes half closed, looking so content, so happy. I really shouldn't be mad at him for it anymore. 

"So, you trust me now?"

Look at him, always smiling so devilishly, "yes I do." 

"Good! Hungry?"

"Starving!"

"Then let's eat."