  (This is a continuation of Priestly Encounters, which I highly recommend you read first)

**This is Fiction**

* * * * *

I thought everything would be fine. How could I be so stupid?

This man, whom I had wanted with every fiber in my body, I had finally gotten, and I was on cloud nine. They say all good things must come to an end right? Well screw that. I was determined that this would never happen. 

Fr. Anthony and I had evolved as a couple. I genuinely loved him, and although the sex was very good, there was more to our relationship. 

We frequently had sex in the confessional, but after exhausting all the possible positions in a 4x4 space that you possibly could, Anthony decided that we needed to take a chance, that the confessional was too “mundane” as he referred to it. 

Very lucky is what I would use to describe our situation. We had not been caught, and this was a very large miracle, considering the fact that people had been waiting to give confession outside of the confessional while he was fucking my brains out. Yeah, I was happy.

One Sunday in October, I showed up for confession. Ready, and wet. I couldn’t help it, the man had a hold on me. 

I stepped into the confessional, and he stepped out.

“Where are you going Father?”

He took my hand and silently led me out of the church, down the steps, and across the street to the rectory. 

I was scared shitless. I knew there had to be someone in there, whether it be the cook, or the other priest in our church. Luckily, he led me through the kitchen, and we encountered no one on our trek up to his room which was directly over the entrance to the rectory.

He pushed me gently into his bedroom, and closed the door behind us. 

“You look beautiful today Kara...nice fishnets.” He said with a wry smile as he approached me.

I thought it amazing how every time he complimented me, my breath caught in my throat. How could this be happening....to me of all people??

He put his hand on my shoulder, and with the other, he took my chin in his grasp and kissed me, his tongue gently fluttering past mine in the exchange. 

He laid me down on his bed, and after removing his black shirt, he laid down next to me. I looked over, and studied him. His blue eyes were fixed on me, but mine roamed down, to look down on his washboard stomach. I adjusted my gaze to not be so obvious.


“We should do something different this time Kara.” He whispered in my ear.

“Au contraire Anthony, I should do something different.”

He looked perplexed, so I decided to take the pause into my own hands.

I put my arms around his neck, and pulled him close to me for a quick and deep kiss before I got up, and straddled him with my legs. 

He looked amazed, truly amazed. Never before had I been so openly dominant with him. 

I pulled my shirt up and over my head, to reveal a red bra, which I left on. Next came the skirt, which I lifted up over my hips to reveal, much to his amusement....I had nothing on underneath.

“Oh, Kara...”

I put my index finger on his lips.

I leaned down, and starting on his Adam’s apple, I kissed his neck, nibbling softly with each stop. My hands roamed over his chest, feeling the muscles contracting with each breath he took, and with each breath he took, they became faster. 

I turned around, and without any hesitation at all, planted my pussy square in front of his face.

I proceeded to unzip his fly, and hassle with his boxers to find what I needed.

I took the tip of his dick in my mouth, and traced lazy circles around the tip, stopping just a minute to explore the slit in the very very tip. 

A moan escaped his lips, then he roughly pulled my hips down until they met his lips. He spread my bald pussy lips with his hands, and dove right into my dripping depths. He bit my engorged clit softly, eliciting a hiss of surprise and ecstasy from my end. I however, was hard at work. I had his dick in one hand, and his balls in the other. I was massaging his balls softly, and I felt the spongy mass in my mouth continue to grow. His dick was pulsing in my mouth, I could feel it on my tongue. He put his tongue in my pussy, and pushed it in. It felt small compared to his large endowment, but it was great considering the angles at which he could manipulate his tongue. And oh the things the man could do with his tongue.

I lifted my hips up, and let his dick out of my mouth with a sloppy *plop*.

I turned back around and positioned myself above his dick, which was ramrod straight and on a mission. I slowly lowered myself onto his dick, painfully slow if you ask me, but it was no bother...I wanted to provide for him what he had provided for me...a mind blowing orgasm.

I hit bottom, and then I contracted the muscles inside me.

He gasped for breath. “If you keep that up, I’ll blow soon...please...”

I gyrated my hips back and forth, while still his dick was completely inside me. Then I went side to side. 

When I opened my eyes to look down at him, he had a broad smile on his face, and was holding my breasts with both hands. I slowed down my pace, and that’s when he flipped me over, showing me who REALLY was in charge...apparently it wasn’t me. He placed his forearm behind my head, and with his pants still on, drilled into me like he had only one more day to live. 

The headboard of his bed was smacking the wall with a crack every time he thrust into me, I had the sheets on the bed balled up tightly in my fists, and 

I was moaning into his ear, and kissing his neck while he continued to pound into me with each excruciating thrust. I thought I was going to cum right then...

*click*

I heard the door open, but apparently Anthony didn’t.

“Oh Kara...yesssss” He moaned softly.

I looked over at the door, and there stood the head priest of our church.

“What the HELL do you think you’re doing Tony?!?” He screamed at the man on top of me.

He rolled over, embarrassed, and his dick came out of me with a wet sloppy sound. Anthony tried to gather the sheets around him, but to no avail.

“Kara?...out in the hall. NOW.” I got up, pulled my skirt down, and red as a beet, exited the sex scented room. I was dead, my mind was racing at a million miles a minute, what was I going to do? What would Father Patrick (the other priest) do to me....or worse yet...to Anthony?

I heard muffled voices inside the room. 

I began to cry softly...How could I have let this happen? I shouldn’t have let him take me over there, I shouldn’t have...

The door opened, and there stood Fr. Patrick’s lanky frame.

He pulled me over to the lounge on that floor, and sat down. I followed suit. I still had no shirt on, and I was very, very embarrassed. 

“Kara....was he...did he hurt you?” He spoke softly to me, with much concern in his voice. “I walked in, and it looked really bad...I hope he didn’t hurt you...please tell me he didn’t hurt you.” His voice was pleading.

I sniffled and tried to clear the tears from my eyes. “No, he didn’t hurt me.” I managed to choke out. 

“Oh...this...I don’t know what to do...this is wrong...wait, I’ll be right back.” He said to me with much grief in his voice.

I heard the door open again to Father Anthony’s room, and when Fr. Patrick returned, he had my shirt and purse in hand.

“I need you to go home Kara, please, I’ll come by your house tomorrow, but I have a few things to clear up first.” He said, rather emotionally.

I looked down the hall, trying to catch a glimpse of Anthony, I just wanted to know if he was alright. No one was there.

Fr. Patrick placed his hand on the small of my back and led me out of the rectory.

I walked home with my head down, thinking to myself of all the horrible things that might happen. I of course, wasn’t concerned with myself, but all of my anguish was for Anthony. 

I thought that Fr. Patrick might send Anthony away, that he would be excommunicated from the church and never be allowed to be a priest again.

As I crossed the final street to my home, a damning thought popped into my head. Would Anthony be mad at me if he got punished?

I struggled to open the door...he wouldn’t be, would he?

He loves me right?

So many questions unanswered...

I slept rather restlessly that night, and nightmares haunted me.

I saw visions of Anthony tied up, and every time I took a step towards him, he only became farther away. I woke up at 3 AM with a pounding headache. I went out to the couch and sat down, flipping on the television, hoping to avert my mind....but it didn’t.

I rested my head against one of the end pillows on the couch. 

There were so many questions left unanswered by Anthony...and the worst part of it all was that I had no idea if the man I loved, the man I had wanted for so long, would fight for me. 

The dawn would answer my questions...

*To be continued*