 (Inspired By Sam Mendes' American Beauty)

First thing's first, I want to stress the fact that regardless of what you read from here onwards, I love my wife, I love my daughter, and I would never do anything with the intent to hurt them... sometimes... sometimes we just make bad choices.

My name's James. I have a beautiful wife named Nicole and an even lovelier daughter named Sasha. We are what you would consider a happy family but like every family, once you push past the surface, what you'll find isn't pretty.

You see I and my wife reached our peak back when we were younger, when the world and our dreams seemed to have absolutely no limitation. She was...perfect, and I know almost every husband will say that about the love of his life, but I'm serious, she really is perfect!

It still baffles me how exactly she can be thin and thick at the same time. On the one hand she's toned, like something out of vogue, sculptured to excellence, and then she turns to the side and suddenly her ass curves in an almost obscene fashion. 

But her physical qualities aside; she is a poet, a philosopher of her time, a woman who commands the attention of an entire room with a single glance and then proceeds to testify exactly why she and she alone deserves that attention. If she was ambitious enough, I'm convinced she would have literally ruled the world.

That's the public side of her.

Then comes the side only few men are worthy enough to see, the freak. The woman is an absolute slut in bed, and no, I don't mean that as an insult. There really is just no other way I can describe it. The way she talks, moves, what she does, what she's willing to do, it's the complete opposite of everything she as a black woman of the 21st Century has convinced the world she is. 

In college, we fucked like rabbits in perpetual heat, she'd wake me up every morning with her mouth and wear me out every night with her ass. And you couldn't possibly say that she was doing it for me, fuck no, she just wanted it as bad as everyone else did... she was just honest about it.

The things we did in that dorm room were downright sinful, every fetish we could think of, BDSM, foot jobs, threesomes with her best friends, incest roleplay; name it, we've tried it at least once. It was bliss, to the say the least, but everything ends right.

Inevitably, I got her pregnant at 22. I mean what did we expect, right? I definitely could remember a handful of moments when the condoms had run out and we just said fuck it. 

After the shock had passed, she told me straight up, abortion was not an option. You see her mom raised her completely on her own so her respect for parenthood was unwavering. Plus, I wasn't going anywhere, I'd always wanted a kid, someone who would look up to me, someone who I could nurture, protect. I felt like I would be good at that, loving someone with my very being.

Just like that, our lives were changed. She dropped out, and went to live with her mom. I finished my course and got a decent steady job. 

When Sasha had turned three I finally had enough to buy a house in the suburbs, a good environment with a decent school and atmosphere that my daughter could grow up in. 

And so, 16 years later here we are, one big happy family. More or less anyways...

Nicole and I drifted over the years. I guess I expected it, I couldn't have seriously thought that things would stay the same forever. 

It started when she got pregnant, and the sex just completely stopped. Mostly because of circumstance, I wasn't gonna fuck her in her mother's house. Plus, uncharacteristically, she just wasn't into it anymore, hormones I guess. 

Even after the baby finally came, we tried to stir ourselves up again, but between her going back to college and my going to work, we were just either too busy or too tired. Eventually we just silently gave up, and it was downhill from there.

Leading us to present day.

"Hi daddy!" My precious little girl said as she jumped up to give me a hug. At 19 she was still my baby, but 19 is a woman's age, I was reminded as I noticed the girl behind her.

"This is Nyla, a new classmate at school"

How... how can I describe her? The soul cause of all my worries, that subtle yet devious smile, those tempting eyes, those lips, that body. At six feet I towered over her, not to mention my bulk. If we were outside I'm pretty sure my shadow would quite literally eclipse her. Then there was that innocent look she had, you knew it was lie, but still you believed it; her small tits, her tiny arms, her fat ass, all coming together to form absolute trouble. She was...off limits! I guess that made me want her even more. 

You see, Sasha was just as beautiful as her mother, so unsurprisingly she was part of the popular groups in school, and popular groups tend to be filled with beautiful people. So Nyla looking like that shouldn't be something that surprised me...but fuck she was stunning.

Actually now that I think about it, she looked a lot like my daughter, and acted a lot like my wife back in college. Not that I wanted to fuck my daughter, however, most women are attracted to guys who look like their dads, so I guess I'm not entirely in the wrong. Admittedly though, I did want to fuck my wife, and here was a girl who reminded me too much of the old Nicole.

"Hello sir," she said with a smile, a horribly evil smile.

"Uh... hi." I said, deer in headlights. I was prey and she had me in her sights.

Not to brag but I wasn't what you would consider a bad looking guy, how would you expect me to land a woman like my wife if I was. 

I was always the guy the girls swooned over, and at 37 not much had changed. In fact I absolutely loved it when I picked up my daughter from school because the stares the soccer moms gave me were like cat nip for my ego. When you're in a catatonic relationship, you take all the love you can get, and married women in similarly unsatisfying relationships had more than enough love to give. Not that I would ever have an affair with them, I just liked the idea of a house wife sitting on her laundry machine while she thought about me. 

I've always held loyalty paramount though...well, I guess until now.

"Dad, I'm gonna go upstairs and change"

"Uh...ok sweetie"

And there I was, thrown into the shark pit.

She just stared at me. Her eyes studying my physique while I stood there unsure of what to do. Sasha's friends used to linger while they were around the house, but definitely not like this.

"Uh...*cough*cough*...so...um what...uh...where are you from?"

"...around..."

She said while she slowly began to walk towards me, as I slowly backed away from her.

"How... how did you guys meet?"

"I said hi...she said hi."

She said while I backed into the fridge and she came in front of me.

"What...uh...wha"

"Can I suck it?"

"...s..suck...it?"

"ahmm...you know...it..."

Her hand reached for my pants, tracing out my semi with her finger tips.

"I've wanted to, ever since the first time I saw you pick Sasha up. I knew a big man like you must have a pretty big one... Ahmmm I wasn't wrong."

"You're...you're my daughter's friend!"

"So what?"

"Seriously!"

"Oh c'mon don't act... your wifey probably hasn't sucked it in a while has she? I could... do for you what she doesn't. Give you what a big strong man like you needs... you know... to strengthen the relationship, because I'm nice like that."

And with that she dropped to her knees. Regardless of my weak attempts at stopping her, she proceeded to unbuckle my belt, opening my trousers and pulling my zipper down in one move.

Suddenly her hand was in my boxers, a smile creeping on her face while she grabbed me. The first hand to touch me in a long time, aside from my own.

She pulled it out and marveled at it for a few seconds...the look in her eyes reminding me all too deeply about the look my wife used to give me.

"Damn...that's... damn! I'm actually not even sure I can handle it... Mmmm, but for you... I'm gonna try as hard as I can"

And with that her mouth engulfed my cock. The warmth, the wetness, taking me back to my college days. I know I should have stopped her, my daughter was in the house and could come in at any second, and here I was in the kitchen getting a blowjob from one of her friends. Fucked up would be an understatement...but honestly, can you blame me?

She sucked it like a typical teenage girl, all enthusiasm, no skill, but I loved it regardless. I missed the feeling of a tongue go down my shaft, even though Nyla was only letting three quarters in, it was still heaven.

I watched her intently, trying her hardest, but she choked every time she reached close to half way and pulled herself back. She repeated this, forth, choke, and pull back motion, taking a little bit more every time. 

"Fuck it" I said to myself as I decided to just go with the flow. I was already getting sucked, might as well finish right? My dick clearly thinking for me as I decided to be the man I was once before, in control of his woman. 

I grabbed the top of her head, dipping my fingers into her hair, and pulled her head towards my crotch, lodging my cock into her throat with a grunt

She tried to pull back, but I held her there, feeling her throat close and reveling in the sound of her gagging.

I finally let her go and she fell back, coughing with tears in her eyes

"You said you wanted to give me what I need right?"

With a smile, she said "Yes Sir"

She got back on her knees, taking my cock in her hand and pushing it down her throat with new found vigor, I grabbed her head, pulling her back and forth, fucking her mouth.

God, I missed this, this visceral train of action, moving not through logic but instinct, this was me at my mos...

My train of thought is cut when I hear a car pull up on the drive way. Looking outside I instantly recognize my wife's Prius. My mind races, on one hand, I'm cheating on her right in the house we've raised our daughter in... on the other I'm so close to my first real orgasm in ten years...I make the obvious choice.

Fuck Nyla's mouth until I cum.

I grab her face with both hands, her eyes wide open as she realizes that my wife is about to walk in on us and I have no intention of stopping. I thrust into her faster, losing myself in this moment, feeling her saliva over flow and pushing this high schooler to her limit.

I look outside again, watching as my wife as she collects the groceries and my orgasm rises, the idea that I'm cheating on the woman I love right in front of her, fueling the taboo eroticism she and I used to crave in college. 

I and Nicole's eyes meet through the window, and I come down Nyla's throat.

"Hey, how was your day?" She says as she walks into the kitchen, my pants zipped and closed, Nyla silently crawling to the bathroom to wash up.

"Uh... uneventful" I lie to her face. 

"Hey Mom!" Sasha walks in almost coincidentally.

"Baby, hey! How was school?"

"Fun! I made a new friend today. Hey Daddy where is she?"

"Uh... washroom, I think."

"Mom, can she sleep over? We have this project that's due on Monday and we're super behind. She's gonna hang with her family the entire weekend so she had the idea that since its Friday, we could just pull an all-nighter."

"Yah, I guess as long as it's for school work."

"Awesome!"

Then Nyla walks in, her make up redone, but eyes red and skin visibly flush.

My wife pauses, staring at the beautiful girl standing in our house... I don't think I've ever seen her jealous, what could a woman who looked like her possibly be jealous of? But there she was with a sort of worry in her eyes.

"Mom this is Nyla."

"Uh...hi." Nyla says with a hint of shyness in her tone... probably because she was speaking to the woman whose husband she'd just sucked off, I guess that'll shake up even the most confident of women.

"Hello," my wife says, her eyes studying Nyla's body with what I think was envy.

Women are amazing, regardless of what they know they have, they will always find insecurity. 

Nyla walks past me, looking at me if only for second. That smile at the corner of her face pulling every ounce of my attention as I watch her ass sway out of the room.

When she's out of sight I finally look up. My eyes meeting my wife's, watching me intently as I stare at another woman. 

She doesn't say a word, our marriage is too broken for her to justify any feelings of anger she has towards me.

Dinner was awkward, to say the least. Here I was sitting at the end of the table opposite my wife, while Nyla on my right kept dragging her leg up and down mine and my daughter on my left kept laughing at some inside joke with her friend. I honestly couldn't finish the meal any faster.

An hour past, and my daughter had taken Nyla into her room. While I and my wife got ready for bed, and our daily rant of anger.

"Nicky, what's wrong?"

"Nothing... nothing at all."

"It's clearly not nothing."

"I said I'm fine so just leave it be."

"You know this is how our problems started, not communicating."

"Oh really! Because I'm pretty sure the fact that you look at every piece of ass that can move is my biggest problem."

"That ...that wasn't..."

"Don't fucking lie to me, Jesus James she's 19."

"Can you fucking blame me? I haven't touched you in years Nicole. At this point I'll take what I can get."

"It's always about sex with you, isn't it?"

"Don't you dare fucking do that. Acting all high and mighty like you've never once begged for it. You loved it as much as I did, arguably even more. Now you treat me like I'm messed up for wanting to touch my wife."

"I grew up. I became a mother, I'm sorry I don't have the time or strength to satisfy your every fucking fantasy after doing ever other fucking thing in this house."

"It's not about me getting off Nicole. I just ... I need to feel my wife in my arms... is that really too much to ask?"

"..."

"Nicole?"

"..."

"NICOLE?!... Fine!" I said as I grabbed my pillow and stormed out of the room.

Sadly I must admit, this wasn't the first time I decided I couldn't sleep next to her. 

I went down stairs, throwing the pillow on my couch, what I referred to as "the bachelor's bed."

I went to grab a glass of water before I slumped down to sleep, but suddenly I found myself staring at a half-naked Nyla. 

Trouble!

"Hi there!"

"Nyla what are doing?"

"We heard your fight... I thought I'd come down and...comfort you."

"We?"

"You can pretty much hear everything you two talk about from Sasha's room... thin walls"

"Oh shit...really?"

"Don't worry... she's used to it."

"A child shouldn't have to get used to listening to their parents fight."

"Yeah but every childhood is fucked up. I mean look how I turned out. Anyway, don't worry about Sasha, I...comforted her."

"You comforted her?"

"Yeah... isn't that what friends do when their friends feel bad, make them feel good?"

"..."

"Do you want to taste your daughter's pussy on my lips? I didn't clean it off... I like to run my tongue over and lick it from time to time."

"Jesus!"

"Ahmm, I don't think he would approve." She said as she dropped on her knees again, grabbing at my pajamas and releasing my cock easily.

She took it down her throat, learning from the past session and using her new-found skills to their fullest.

Honestly guilt was the last thing on my mind. Anger, arousal...revenge, those superseded my guilt rather easily.

I grabbed Nyla's shoulders mid suck, she looked confused as I picked her up and put her on the counter...

"Wha...What are you doing?"

"What do you think I'm doing?"

I said as I grabbed at the hem of her panties and slowly started to pull them off.

"Uh-huh...wa...wait"

"What?"

"I'm sorry... uh... I ... I don't know if I can do this."

"Are you being serious? After all those nasty words you were spewing my way?"

"I know...shit...I'm sorry ...I just... I just expected to like ...suck you off again... I didn't think it would go this... far."

"Nyla, you're in your underwear, how could you expect anything else?"

"I know I sound silly. Look I've never actually been with a guy...yours, was the first dick I've ever seen... I mean apart from porn..."

"So, you're all talk?"

"No... I mean... I guess... I just... I really wanted to do this... And I thought... an older guy would be a better choice than just another boy... I always thought your daughter was so beautiful, so my original plan was to just mess around with her... cause messing around with girls is safer than with guys, but then I saw you pick her up a few weeks ago... and I guess I couldn't help myself."

"So what's stopping you now?" I said as I leaned forward towards her, ignorant of her feelings "Might as well just get it over with right?"

"I don't...know... you're so big... and I just didn't picture losing my virginity... like this."

"Nyla sweetie. There's no such thing as perfect, but trust me... I'm as close as you'll get."

I pulled her panties down with one swipe, spreading her legs and coming into view with her dripping lips and slowly becoming aware of her rising aroma.

"Trust me," I said rather predatorily as I got down in-between her legs and engulfed her pussy.

With a sharp inhale she moaned... her body instantly beginning to shake and squirm as I performed.

I've never understood men who don't go down on women, personally I'd rather eat a woman out than fuck her. The sound of her moaning, the taste of her pussy, the feel of her body shake. It's like the feeling you get when you do something for charity, self-righteousness, self-assurance, pride, and plus people assume it's a position of submission, on the contrary, the power you have over a woman in that moment is rather dominating because you are the soul orchestrator of this earth shattering pleasure that is pulsating through her. In that moment, she is yours completely. 

I swirled my tongue over her clit as her moans got louder. My care for indiscretion non-existent, all I wanted was right in front of me, regardless of the consequences.

I pulled myself from her lower lips, looking her in the eye while I plunged two fingers in her pussy.

She cringed, her eyes flattering though her face portrayed an immense amount of hunger, of wanting.

"Do you want to taste your own pussy?" I said with a smile as I grabbed the back of her head and kissed her. My fingers thrusting faster and faster, making her squirm while my tongue explored her mouth.

And suddenly she came. My hand never ceasing as she coated it. Her moans being muffled by my own mouth and her uncontrollable quivers passing through her as I held her body close to mine.

I let her go, and she fell back on the counter, nearly paralyzed with pleasure. Her legs spread wide while her thighs dripped with her own cum. Her eyes flattering as I assume her orgasm still moved through her.

I was at my most manipulative in this moment, and I'm ashamed to say when I saw her vulnerable, I took advantage.

I snapped her front closure bra open, exposing her tits. Grabbed my rock hard cock in my hands and eased into her dripping pussy.

She inhaled again, her eyes popping open as she felt me fill her orifice. 

"Wa...wait" She said weakly, pushing back on my chest, stopping my descent into her. 

"You want this Nyla, I can feel the heat coming from you, why fight it?"

"I just...I ..."

"Trust me."

I said only thinking of myself and the fact that I hadn't felt a pussy for what currently felt like eons. This was not my proudest moment, but I've always been a slave to my urges, this instant was no different.

I pushed forward, her hand slowly letting me move towards her as our lips met and my cock filled her completely.

"Oh... my... gawd..." She said in-between breaths, her tightness overwhelming me as I felt the same euphoria she did. But like I said earlier, it's been a while, I did not intend to make love to her.
