 **This is fiction**

* * * * *

I had always liked Fr. Anthony. He was a very kind man, who after learning of my life story (which was somewhat sad) became one of my good friends. 

I, however...being the addictive personality I am, soon began fantasizing about what it would be like to actually DO something with this man who was for all purposes to me...off limits. Little did I know what fate would bring me.

But first...a little about me. I'm about 5'10...blonde hair, green eyes, about 125 lbs. 

Fr. Anthony however, wasn't overly attractive, but his piercing eyes and cute personality were what drew me to him.

Well, soon my fantasies got out of hand. I was a lector at church, and I found any excuse I could to make sure that I switched masses so that I was reading when he was there. I also began to flirt with him in innocent ways. Wearing clothes that revealed a little skin, wearing sexy makeup to church...you get the idea. I had always harbored the thought in the back of my mind that he thought of me the way I thought of him, but due to the circumstance, I let it go. 

About August, right after I had graduated high school, I thought I noticed him looking at me, or coming over to me a little too frequently, but I shrugged it off as nothing you know, I'm a logical person, did I think this absolutely godlike man would be interested in me? I don't think so.

Our friendship progressed, and I went off to university. I came back home during my summer vacation, and would attend church...just to rekindle the old flame within me you know, then, being the horny girl I was, go home and finger myself. 

This soon got frustrating as hell, because I wanted nothing more than to fuck his brains out, I really did.

One Sunday in July, I decided to go to confession. I walked quietly into the confessional, and there was only a small curtain of velvet separating us, I could smell him, his scent intoxicating me.

"Forgive me father, for I have sinned. It has been 3 months since my last confession."

"Proceed my daughter."

I went on to tell him about me drinking at university, the swearing, you know, little stuff. I decided to mix it up.

"I've been having impure thoughts, Father."

"About what dear?"

"Well, about an older man I know. I'm attracted to him."

"Do you wish to tell me who this man is?"

"Well, you know him, lets just put it like that."

"And what do these thoughts entail my child?"

"Well, sexual things father." My face went crimson.

He opened the curtain between us and peered into my eyes, I was very embarrassed, but remember, it was I who had pushed this, I should have just kept my mouth shut.

"This is causing you a great unrest isn't it Kara?" He said very caringly, still looking to meet my gaze, which still was focused on the floor.

"Yes Father, it is consuming my thoughts." I said sheepishly, looking down at my shoes.

"You might feel better Kara if you told me who this person was."

"I couldn't Father, I just couldn't." Starting to feel a lump rise in my throat.

"And why is that?" He said, prodding for information. "You know, nothing you tell me will be repeated."

"That isn't the problem Father."

"Then what is the problem Kara?" 

He placed his index finger under my chin, and lifted it ever so slightly, enough to meet his gaze. I stared into his startling blue eyes, trying to convey the message through them. I began to tear up, he didn't get it.

"Father...the problem is, this man, that I am having impure thoughts about...well...he's not really available."

Something must have clicked in his mind. I turned my head towards him, and he wiped the tear rolling down my face with his thumb. 

"I think I understand Kara. Is this man me?"

I turned my gaze at the opposite wall, ashamed.

"You have nothing to be ashamed of Kara, you probably just misinterpreted something I said or did...right?" He sounded concerned.

"You, you've just been so nice to me, I wish some of the guys at university were like you."

"Oh Kara, you'll find someone, don't fret my dear." He said soothingly.

I immediately felt better. 

"Is there anything else you'd like to tell me Kara?" 

"Well Father, I've been having dreams about you also."

Well....I won't drag on what happened, he made me describe one of the dreams to him, and it was very rehabilitating in my mind, to know this was alright. He absolved me of my sins, and as I got up to leave, I hugged him, and as is custom in our church, I kissed him on one cheek, then, before I could kiss the other cheek, he kind of intercepted my kiss, and I ended up kissing him full on, on the lips. His lips were soft, and oh so warm. I was shocked, I pushed myself back. He didn't look alarmed, so I knew it wasn't my fault for what just happened. He initiated everything.

"Do you really think that I don't have feelings for women Kara?"

"Well no, I know you're still a man, Father."

We both laughed quietly at that.

"Father, I just never thought you'd ever like someone like me."

"What is there not to like Kara? You're a beautiful person...inside, and out."

My mind was reeling. What the hell had I gotten myself into? I had gotten myself into exactly what I had wanted for so long.

"I just, thought you didn't notice me or something." I said as I turned to leave.

"Oh my dear, you are wrong again. I've noticed you for quite some time." He paused briefly, as if pondering what he would say next. "And I can tell you...you too have been causing me some difficulties."

"What do you mean Father?" I felt bad.

"Well, I've had to confess some things also." 

He looked at me, trying to judge my feelings, seeing if he could proceed. 

It seemed almost a forethought that we were still entwined in the hug that we had shared earlier. The duration of this little talk, my arms were around his neck, and he had his around my waist. I felt something stirring in my own groin, but I once again shrugged it off.

"Kara...you are so beautiful to me...and yet so innocent that you don't even realize this of yourself." And with that, he kissed me again, tightening his hold on me, and before he broke free of the kiss, he sucked on my bottom lip.

I thought to myself that his lips definitely should be a sin.

He kissed my neck, right under my jaw, and then came back to meet my gaze. At the position we were at now, he was standing, looking down at me, I was about 2 inches shorter than he was. 

He went to kiss me again, but instead of doing just that, I noticed...is it...he was...pushing his groin into me. 

That's when I felt it. He was rock hard. 

I felt like exploding.

"See the effect you have on me Kara?"

I looked down at the floor.

"Oh Kara...you are so immaculate...don't be afraid."

I wrapped my arms around his neck even more and kissed him back, letting him know I wanted him too. I was intoxicated with everything going on. Not only was I kissing the man whom I had fantasized over for years, but he was kissing me back.

He took a step back, and toyed with the spaghetti straps on my shirt. He pushed them down over my shoulders, slowly kissing down my neck, then down to the hollow of my collarbone.

He slowly backed me up against the marble wall of the confessional. 

I wasn't wearing a bra, and as soon as he pushed the shirt down over my breasts, he knew that too.

He took one of my breasts in his hands, kneading it so softly, taking his time.

I let a small moan escape my lips, and he smiled at that.

"Do you want me to stop Kara?" Trying to make sure I was okay with what we were doing.

"No." I was breathless. "Please no."

He leaned down and took one of my nipples into his mouth, sucking gently on it, moving his tongue quickly around my nipples.

I could feel myself get wet, that was for damn sure.

He unzipped my jean skirt, and along with the shirt, pushed it all to the floor.

I was wearing a red lace thong.

"Beautiful Kara, absolutely beautiful."

He then pushed that off also, and I stepped out of it.

He looked between us, down at my completely shaven pussy.

His hands traveled from my shoulders down across my stomach, down to my engorged pussy lips. He ever so painstakingly slow slid his middle finger into my waiting pussy. Then, to my utter amazement, lifted the glistening finger to his mouth, and licked off the juice. 

"Mmm Kara....I knew you'd taste exquisite." He said very huskily.

He got down on his knees, and looking into my eyes the entire time, licked my pussy dry. 

I felt as though I should return the favor.

"Stand up Father." I said quietly.

He did as I said, and I knelt down on my knees, unzipped his black pants, and fished for his dick. When I found what I wanted, I pulled it out, revealing probably a 8 inch monster...not because of the length, but the sheer girth of it was amazing. 

I took his dick into my mouth, and traced circles around the very tip of it with my tongue. I went down on him, working what I couldn't get into my mouth with my hand. He was moaning and had his hands on the back of my head.

"Oh Kara...yesss" He said....just egging me on.

I continued swirling my tongue against the pulsing monster in my mouth, reveling in the situation I was in. 

I stood back up, much to his dismay.

"I'm a virgin Father, but I'd like you to be my first."

He smiled a rather fatherly smile at me, and took his pants off.

I backed myself up against the cool marble, and he came over also after taking his shirt off too.

He lifted me with his powerful arms up to his belly button, and I put my legs around his waist. I could feel the head of his dick against my clit, and it was sheer agony I felt.

He positioned me against the wall so he wouldn't have to completely support me, and put one palm against the wall. 

With the other hand, he pushed the tip of himself into me.

I felt completely blissful that is, until he reached my hymen, and he wasn't even half way in.

"Tell me if I'm hurting you Kara....I don't want to ever hurt you." He looked sweetly into my eyes....and that was all the reassurance I needed.

"Don't stop." I told him, in agony.

I felt my hymen rip as he pushed farther in, and after the initial pain, I felt the long, slow, purposeful strokes he was giving me. I loved every second of it.

He braced himself against the wall, and with his hips, he pistoned into me, and I could feel his balls against my ass. I had his full length inside of me, and I felt full.

"Open your eyes Kara, let me see your eyes."

I hadn't even realized that my eyes were closed, I was so caught up in the moment. I opened my eyes, and met his gaze. There was a look of pure love coming out of his eyes, and it only made the moment even sweeter.

He kept thrusting himself in and out of me, then, all at once, he picked up his pace. My breasts were bobbling up and down, and I looked down and saw the muscles in his stomach flexing with the pace he was setting. I felt his dick twitch...and then he moaned, and I could feel his cum in me...it was so warm, so very warm.

He held me there for a moment, with himself still in me, then lowered me down so I could stand.

I felt cum running down my leg as I stood there, but it didn't matter. 

"Kara, you have made me the luckiest man alive you know that?"

"How did I do that Father?"

"You gave me something that can only be given once."

I realized what he was talking about.

I smiled wryly and kissed him softly.

He held me, very tenderly, and I realized that I loved him.

After that, nothing was the same.

Father Anthony didn't leave the priesthood for me. Instead...I went to weekly confession. Our relationship still is hard to keep up, due to the circumstances....but we make it work ;)