 Laura glanced at her watch. "Alice will be here in a while."

I nodded, already feeling anticipation. "What do you think we should do with her?"

Her face took on a knowing look. "There are a couple of things we haven't tried yet."

"Such as?"

She shook her head. "Let me surprise you."

I heard the sound of the key in the door, and got up to hug Alice as she stepped into the hall. "Mm, you smell nice."

"Thanks," she smiled. "Have you two had a good day?"

"Mmhm. You?"

"It's been pretty full on, with the new contract and all. But you'd know about that anyway."

Laura appeared from the kitchen. "Hi, Alice."

They hugged, and Laura whispered something in Alice's ear, getting a grin in response. "Mm, yes."

"Anyone hungry?" I queried.

"Let's phone for something later," suggested Alice. "We've not had Chinese for a while."

"OK. I'll open that bottle I've been saving, then."

I poured wine for us, and we settled down on the sofa, Alice in the middle. Laura leaned over as though to whisper to Alice again, but from Alice's reaction I guessed that Laura had done one of her favourite things, dabbing a tonguetip into her ear and blowing softly. I bent to do the same, taking a deep breath of Alice's fragrant hair, and Alice responded with a quiet gasp. "Mmm..."

She parted her thighs, and Laura smiled, sliding her fingers upwards and beginning to press gently on Alice's already-dampening panties. I took my cue, cupping a breast through thin cotton -- I'd already noticed that Alice had left off her bra -- and brushing the nipple with my thumb. "Oh, yes," murmured Alice.

I bent to dab the hardening nipple with my tongue, press it between my lips, moving my hand to the other breast. "Oh god," gasped Alice as Laura's fingers pressed more insistently. She submitted to me lifting her t-shirt over her head, then I returned to pleasuring her breasts. Laura's fingers pulled Alice's panties aside, revealing wetness into which Laura eased two fingers. "Ahh..."

After a few moments Laura paused, hooking her fingers through Alice's panties and teasingly sliding them down, off. She penetrated Alice again, bending to use her tongue just above her thrusting fingers, and Alice groaned. "Mm, like that."

"Sure you wouldn't like something else in there?" teased Laura, and Alice nodded wordlessly.

I stepped back for a moment, shedding my clothes, and laid back on the sofa. Alice glanced queryingly at Laura, getting a nod, and shifted position to kneel over me, her wetness sliding on my hard shaft. She lifted her hips, using her fingers to position me, then sank down, her eyes closing, her face betraying her satisfaction as I entered her. I lifted my hands to her breasts, stroking her nipples as she rocked against me.

Laura watched for a few moments, then undressed slowly, sensuously, giving me a show. She dipped one finger between her legs, letting me see it glistening before putting it in her mouth, watching my reaction. My eyes widened as she produced a familiar item from beside the sofa, fixing the straps carefully round her waist. The bottle of lube was next, and Laura leaned to whisper in Alice's ear before sliding her fingers down the cleft of her bottom. I felt Alice tense a little as Laura's fingers obviously brushed her other opening, spreading slipperiness, then she relaxed again. 

Laura positioned herself behind Alice, and I felt a unique sensation as she pressed the hard tip inwards. "Oh... god..." breathed Alice, "that's..."

I flexed my hips upwards, and Alice started to rock against me again, putting her palms flat on my chest and angling herself to put pressure on her most sensitive place with my shaft. Laura reached round to cup Alice's breasts, kissing the back of her neck and dabbing one ear with the tip of her tongue, biting the earlobe gently.

Alice's movements on me became more insistent, and I watched as her face contorted with pleasure, her mouth forming a tense O. "I -- I'm going to --"

Her climax hit her, her hips shuddering against me, and I felt a thrill as creamy liquid dribbled onto my stomach, coated my shaft. "Oh, well done," breathed Laura, her hips pressed close into Alice's bottom, her arms wrapped round her waist. "I know how much Tim likes it when I squirt -- maybe it'll happen next time he uses his mouth on you too."

She eased out of Alice, and glanced at me with a smile, one eyebrow raised. "Now, what can I tempt you with?"

"How about Alice and I swap places?" I suggested.

Alice nodded eagerly. "What I'd really like is Tim to come all over me, though, especially my stomach."

She grinned guiltily. "Don't know why, but that really turns me on."

We changed positions, and I felt Laura's fingers behind me, slippery from more lube. But instead of the hardness of plastic, she slid two fingers inside me, stretching me a little and curling her fingertips. "Mmm," I nodded, "that's different."

Her other hand reached to wrap around my shaft, starting to move, and I saw Alice glancing from my face downwards and back again. "Oh, yes, Laura, make him come for me, I want it all over, and on your fingers too, I want to put them in my mouth and suck them..."

The combination of Laura's penetrating fingers, her hand on my shaft, and the hungry look on Alice's face as she continued her graphic fantasy pushed me over the edge, and I groaned, seeing her delight as spurt after spurt of stickiness splashed her stomach, the last few drops dribbling onto her mound, mixing with fur already slick from her own juices. When I was spent, Alice reached to take Laura's fingers, making sure I watched as she tongued them, then took them deep into her mouth, swallowing everything her lips could capture. "Mmm..."

Laura untangled herself from me, bending down to kiss Alice softly. "Mm, he tastes good, doesn't he."

She grinned. "Talking of which, I'm starving -- why don't we order that takeaway, while you two think about what you're going to do to me later?"

"Sure thing."

I tapped on the screen of my phone -- "Everybody want their usual?" -- and placed the order. "I suppose I'd better at least put a dressing gown on, wouldn't want to shock the delivery guy."

Our food arrived promptly, and the girls sat cross-legged to eat, talking between mouthfuls and laughing. My eyes kept straying downwards, and Laura grinned at Alice. "He can't get enough of us, can he."

She flashed her eyebrows at me. "That gives me an idea for later. You'll definitely need a blue pill, though."

She fished in her bag, handing me a foil strip, and I obediently popped one out, washing it down with a mouthful of wine. "OK."

We finished our meal, and Laura got to her feet. "Think the bedroom works better for what's next," she hinted.

I followed them both upstairs, enjoying the view as they purposefully swayed their hips. By now the pill was working, and I was almost uncomfortably hard. "On the bed," Laura directed, and I sprawled on my back. "What do you think, Alice?" she queried. "Hands or no hands?"

Alice pretended to ponder, finger at the corner of her mouth. "Oh, no hands, definitely. I love the way you touch me, anyway."

Laura opened a drawer, producing the leather bracelets with their attached cords. A few moments later, I was spreadeagled, securely fastened, and very conscious of my erection protruding as though with a life of its own.

"You first, Laura," Alice indicated, and Laura slid across my body, taking my hardness inside her without a pause. "Mm," her voice took on a throaty sound, "that feels good."

Alice knelt behind her, fondling her breasts then sliding one hand down over Laura's smooth mound. I felt her fingers splayed on either side of my shaft as Laura raised and lowered her hips, then Laura moaned as Alice's fingertips began to explore her, brushing her most sensitive place. "Mm -- that's amazing. But let's slow it down a bit, I don't want to come yet."

Time seemed to change, everything becoming dream-like as Laura moved on me, Alice stroking her back, her breasts, sometimes dipping between her thighs and taking her to the edge. "Now you," I heard Laura whisper, lifting to let me slip from her. Without hesitating, Alice guided me inside, then took Laura's fingers, pressing them hard into her wetness. Laura looked over her shoulder, watching Alice's face. "Want to be teased the same way?"

"Yes -- no --" gasped Alice. "Oh, just fuck me now..."

Laura grinned. "You heard the girl, Tim."

Obligingly I started to flex my hips faster, while Laura's fingers touched Alice insistently. I felt Alice's muscles begin to tense, and suddenly she cried out. "Ohhhh!! Yessss!" I felt her spurted fluid running down, and Laura made sure Alice's climax was complete before offering me dripping fingertips. "Taste her."

Alice watched as I cleaned Laura's fingers with my tongue. "Mm, that looks good."

"Tim can have another taste," Laura hinted, "while you help me finish."

Alice moved to kneel over me, facing Laura, her still-wet opening invitingly close to my tongue. My view was blocked -- not that I was complaining -- but I felt Laura take me back inside her. "My nipples are really sensitive," she hinted, and Alice must have reached out to her, because Laura started to move more insistently on me, pushing me into the bed with each downward thrust. "Oh -- yes -- mm -- ah -- more on my nipples --"

She went completely silent for long moments, then I felt her shuddering uncontrollably, moans suppressed between tightly-pressed lips, her muscles clenching around me. Finally she was unable to hold in her ecstasy. "Ohhhh! Mmm! Oh god, yes..."

She broke off, gasping, still moving on me. "Wow..."

Alice slid off me, and I blinked at Laura. Her usually smoothly-brushed hair was tangled, her lower lip caught between her teeth, and her hands had moved to her breasts, squeezing them as her chest rose and fell. "Phew..."

She glanced at Alice. "Think Tim's ready for his final treat -- help me?"

I decided I had finally died and gone to heaven as the two knelt, Laura facing down the bed, her just-fucked opening teasingly on view. Alice faced me, her breasts pressing into me as she started to use her tongue on one side of my shaft while Laura followed suit. They took it in turns to use lips, tongue on my tip and to spear me deep into warm moistness. "Mm -- oh -- like that -- mm, I'm nearly there --"

A gentle squeeze of fingers wrapped round my shaft finally tipped me over the edge, and Alice gave a squeal of delight as my first spurt painted her cheek, then the next caught her lips, running down her chin onto her breasts. She used eager fingers to catch stickiness, tonguing them then offering them to Laura. "Mm -- he does taste good."

"Isn't anyone going to let me go?" I tried to sound plaintive.

"Hmm," teased Laura. "I don't know."

"Only if you promise to fuck us again in the morning," relented Alice.

"Oh, I think I could be persuaded," I chuckled.

Between them they released me, then curled up one either side of me, breasts pressing softly against my chest. "G'night..."