 My heart is pounding in my chest in time with the pounding of my feet on the trail before me. I keep my eyes focused on my destination, not daring to look back at what may be there and the effort adds to the tension coiling inside me. My lungs burn and my legs ache, yet still my arms pump faster and faster until I fear that exhaustion will be the ultimate end of me.

I knew better than to run. I knew what would happen, knew that the odds of winning were slim, knew it was only putting off the inevitable. But I couldn't stop myself and now here I am, breathless and desperate, running, running, running in the middle of no where, cursing myself for giving in to a game of predator and prey.

I know I could have just said no. I could have rolled my eyes and laughed it off or simply just kept walking along at a leisurely pace, but no, that would've been too easy and after only a moment of hesitation I took off running, fueled by the predatory sounds of your laughter at my back.

Branches whip against my face as I hurtle from the trees into a clearing and immediately I sense my mistake because you know these woods and the traps they hold. I can't hear you or see you, but I can feel you crashing behind me and around me and my heart practically explodes from my chest as I give in to the urge and quickly glance behind me.

There's a blur of movement to my left and, too late, I attempt to bolt again. You smash into me and we're airborne just long enough for me to gather my voice, only to have it ripped away as we crash to the ground, rolling in a tangle of arms and legs. There's no struggle, no defense or offense to get me out of it. I'm caught, stunned and trapped, and my heart pounds even harder in anticipation.

We come to rest in the cool, damp grass by the river and I'm sprawled on top of you haphazardly, my body aching, my lungs heaving with the need to get my breath back. I manage to take in a small amount of air and my vision clears just enough for me to make out the fact that you're not at all stunned. You're watching me, silently. Waiting.

I start to ease away from you, stupidly using my hands on your chest to push myself up and you grab me by my wrists and use my own momentum to roll me back until you're on top of me. You press my arms up over my head, your legs pinning my lower body to the ground and I abruptly stop struggling.

You stare down at me, eyes wide, nostrils flaring with effort and I track a bead of sweat as it rolls from your temple down the side of your face. It pauses along your jaw then drips into space before finally landing on my collarbone and I can't stop the shiver that rolls over me. Can't hide the pulse of lust that arrows through me.

Your gaze shifts down and I clench my jaw as you slowly lower your head. I hold my breath on a whimper, turning my face away then back again as I attempt to avoid your lips and teeth, tongue and hot breath. I pull against your hands on my wrists, going through the motions of getting away even if my heart is no longer in it. Struggling seems silly now, but it's all I have left, the last fine line between giving in and giving up. Of letting myself take and take and take until there's nothing left to take.

You make a low noise in your throat then shift your weight just enough to gain access to my neck and shoulder and you take advantage of my moment of brooding to latch on where you know it'll do the most good. You lick a delicate line along my collarbone and over my shoulder, then I feel your hot breath on my neck and I squeeze my eyes shut against the urge to press closer, to beg.

You say my name in the softest of whispers and I can't stop myself from opening my eyes and looking up at your face and what I see there is heated and hungry and something inside me clenches and releases. I'm hot and cold all at once, fighting my mind and my body on what's right and what's wrong and I feel what's left of my control slipping away a thread at a time because I know I want it, this, you. Denying it and fighting it doesn't change it at all. Just makes it worth more once you give in and take it. 

A low moan catches in my throat and I renew my struggles, just managing to force you back and to the side, but then your strong grip on my wrists only serves to haul me over with you and by the time I exhaust myself I'm straddling you with both hands behind my back.

Instinctively, I pull against your grip, even knowing there's no point. You're faster, stronger, tougher; I should know, that's how I like it.

My gasping breath presses my breasts against your chest and the thrum of desire pulses from my hard nipples to the deep ache between my legs. I squirm closer and a small shudder goes through me at the intimate contact of our bodies.

You press your face against my neck, neither kissing nor biting, and it takes me a moment to realize that you're just breathing me in and this time I can't control the shiver. I'm falling slowly, sinking effortlessly without even trying and there's nothing I can do to stop it. Maybe I just don't want to. Maybe I never did at all.

You wrap yourself around me more securely and I do my best to remain impassive. You squeeze me tighter and I struggle to keep from smiling a bit smugly. I release some of the tension in my shoulders and my head falls forward the barest of inches and I can smell you, sweat and musk and smoke.

I take a breath, my tongue wetting my lips and I squeeze my eyes shut against the tanned expanse of skin on your neck and the throbbing pulse just beneath the surface. I want to take a bite out of you. To sink my teeth into you and mark you, so I lick you almost delicately, then bite down until I hear your breath catch, relishing the warm saltiness of your skin in my mouth.

I feel your breath on my ear a moment before your teeth and I resist the urge to jerk away as you lick and kiss my earlobe. You earn a shudder of pleasure from me, a quick intake of breath and just like that I'm melting into you, over you, and I'm turning my head, pressing my face against yours and giving in to the urge to relax against you, not in defeat, but in acceptance. I know when I'm beat, when it's no longer a question of if and when, but of here and now and there's no going back.

I lean back a bit, just enough so I see your face clearly and you see mine. You give me a challenging look, your eyes smiling devilishly as they shift to my mouth and your lips part the slightest bit, as if you're willing me to take that final leap. You glance back up expectantly and your body tenses, just in case.

I smirk at you then pull at your shirt, pushing and pulling the material until you finally yank it off over your head. I stroke my hands up your arms to your shoulders, then down your chest to your stomach. I reach lower, scooting back and palming the bulge in the front of your shorts, squeezing, stroking.

Your intake of breath brings my eyes back up to your face and the feral look in your eyes intensifies the ache between my legs. I reach up, thread my fingers in your hair and yank your head down, my breath painting your mouth as my tongue teases your lips.

I lean closer, pressing my mouth fully against yours, and you open for me, your tongue and teeth and lips returning the challenge tenfold. We feed on each other, hands exploring, hips rocking subtlety. I chase your tongue out of my mouth then bring you back in again, nipping and sucking as I rub myself against you.

You pull back, dragging your lips over my jaw to my neck, licking and biting a path down, down over my collarbone to my breasts. You pull at the tight material covering my chest and I follow the silent demand and drag my top and bra off over my head. You lick and nip and suck my sensitive flesh and I strain towards you, rubbing my hard nipples against your mouth and my aching pussy against your cock.

I ease away from you, shifting beside you until I'm kneeling in the grass by your hip. I push your shorts down and you raise yourself up enough for me to ease them down all the way. I pull your shoes off, your socks, then sit back and stare at you, reclining unabashedly nude on the sun dappled grass by the river.

I smile lasciviously then wrap my hand around your hard cock, stroking up and down, fingers gripping firmly and rubbing up over the slick head. I want to taste you, to swallow your length into my mouth, my throat. I want to lick and suck and tease you until you come all over me, in me. I want it so badly I can practically taste it, smell it, feel it.

I lean forward, laving my tongue from your balls up your shaft to swirl around the head. I wrap my lips around you, sucking and fluttering my tongue. I moan around you, the salty taste and feel of you adding to the pressure building inside me and I rock my hips without meaning to, wanting you to fill me up and bring me over.

I feel your hands on my head, your fingers weaving in my hair then tightening almost painfully. I gasp around you, breathing in sharply through my nose as you urge me closer and I take you in until I feel you hitting the back of my throat. I swallow impulsively, once, twice, then build up a steady rhythm of sucking and licking until you finally pull me off of you.

You surge forward, spilling me backwards so I'm sprawled beneath you and you use your grip on my hair to hold me steady as you slant your mouth over mine, your tongue plunging, your lips and teeth eating at my mouth and I can't stop my moan of pleasure as you press yourself between my legs, rubbing, writhing.

Your hands are pulling at my pants and I raise myself up, helping you push them down my body. I kick off my shoes, my socks come off with my pants and then you're kneeling over me, between my splayed legs, a look of primal urgency on your face. 

You push into me but you're holding back, the strain evident in the tension in your body as we watch you sink into the wet heat between my legs. I gasp in pleasure, writhing and pumping my hips as I try to bring you deeper inside me. 

You stop moving, your hands gripping my hips, pinning me down and I glance up, my breath catching in my throat at the predatory look in your eyes. I slowly, slowly manage to quiet my body, but my mind is racing and I'm sure the lust-crazed edge is mirrored in my eyes. I take a ragged breath in through my nose, and it turns into a shuddering sigh of need as I take in your scent and the taste of you on my tongue and it makes me want it even more.

You lever your hips up, and I feel how slick I am around you, feel the length and width of you as you stretch me to accommodate you and I'm panting with it, my nails digging into my palms as I force myself to remain still. I bite my lower lip, my eyes closing as I turn my head to the side, but you quickly bring my attention back to you as you shove yourself into me.

You pull out slowly then push back in, taking your time and obviously enjoying it even more as I go mad with it. I want you to fuck me. I want you to hold me down and fuck, fuck, fuck me until I'm incoherent and screaming with it. I want it hard and fast and long and deep. All of it. Now.

I ask for more, silently pleading with my sex noises and my hands and my tight, wet pussy fluttering around your cock. You answer with more force. Same slow, measured pace, but now you're punctuating each inward thrust and I can feel you touching deep inside me.

We're both watching where we're joined, your hard cock now disappearing inside of me in rapid strokes. My breasts are shaking with the force of your rutting and I can feel you hitting that sweet spot deep inside me, the spot that sometimes mirrors pleasure with pain and I bite back a sob, my teeth digging into my lower lip as I writhe beneath you.

You stop moving, your cock seated deep inside me. You relax your arms, easing your upper body down until your chest is pressed against my breasts. You let me take your full weight and reach down to cup my ass, lifting me up, pushing in deeper. I rock against you, my breath coming in pants against your neck as I clutch at your back and shoulders. Then you start to pump into me faster, harder and I wrap my legs around your waist, gasping as the base of your cock rubs against my clit every time you push inside.

You thrust into me, as deep as you can get, until you're pressed against the end of me. Then you stop and all I hear is your ragged breathing and the small moans coming from within me. You grind yourself against me and I spasm, my internal muscles twitching as small shocks of pleasure shoot through me.

I feel that heaviness between my legs, and I know I'm close. You start to move in and out of me again, a rhythmic push and pull that hits all the right spots and I can't quiet my response as you urge me closer and closer to orgasm. I want to hurry it along, to reach my hand down and stroke myself in time with your thrusts, but I resist and instead ride the pulse of your body moving against mine.

It all coalesces, your taste and smell and the firm push of you between my legs and up the length of me, and you bring me screaming, cursing, bucking underneath you, my nails digging into your shoulders. You try to pull back, but I'm wrapped around you, my hips pumping, pulling you in fast and hard and you give in to the pleasure, your hands suddenly in my hair, your mouth against mine. You push into me hard and deep, once, twice then you're moaning your release against my lips, your final grinding motion pushing me over a final time, and you collapse into me, over me.

You pull back a bit, drag your lips down, down until you're pressing your face into that sweet spot where my neck meets my shoulder. You scrape your teeth against that sensitive spot then bite down, a low, breathy moan making me writhe against you some more. I'm panting from effort and I can feel my heart pounding in my chest, my blood roaring in my ears.

Eventually, you raise yourself off of me, your expression a bit dazed as you peer down at me and I smile lazily, resisting the urge to stretch like a satisfied cat. You raise an eyebrow, shake your head at me then swoop down and catch me off guard with a quick, hard kiss.

You slowly pull yourself from between my legs, shifting to the side so I can breathe a bit easier. You collapse half on top of me, your head pillowed against my breast and shoulder. You don't say anything and neither do I and soon I hear your breathing even out and I feel your body relax completely against me.

I sigh, my eyes heavy, my body aching pleasantly in all the right places. I caress your wrist lazily, my other hand sifting through your hair and my last thought as my eyes drift shut is how beautiful the forest looks from this angle.