 Once again early daylight woke me, and I shook Alice's shoulder gently. "Wake up, sleepyhead."

She blinked, stretching. "Mmf. Wish I could take the day off, spend it with you guys."

I glanced at Laura, just waking up. "I have to drive back today, anyway."

Alice pulled the covers aside reluctantly. "Shower with me, Tim? That'll give me some incentive to get up."

I followed her into the bathroom, sliding the cubicle shut behind us and starting the water running. "Don't worry -- I'll make sure Andrews gets me back here pretty often for 'contract reviews', that sort of thing. If you want me to, that is."

She nodded. "Definitely. But what about Laura?"

"I don't know," I confessed. "What do you think?"

"I think... I think she's starting to be fond of you." Alice's words came out almost as a confession, her expression solemn.

I sighed. "I think you're right."

"You'll figure it out," Alice reassured, reaching for the shower gel. "Now, I'll wash your back if you wash mine..."

When we got back to the bedroom, Laura had dozed off again, and Alice leaned down to kiss her on the forehead. "I'll see you soon," she promised, getting a murmured response. I gave Alice a final hug, then closed the door behind her.

I dropped my towel on the floor and slid in beside Laura, wrapping my arms around her. "I don't have to leave for a while -- what would you like to do? Anything at all..."

She snuggled into me. "I'm fine just here."

At her words, something seemed to change in my heart. "Laura?"

"Hmm?"

"I've decided something. Well, only if you want it, but..."

She propped herself up on one elbow, her eyes on my face. "Sounds serious."

"My boss has been telling me for a while that I really do need a PA, but I've always resisted -- I didn't like the idea of someone organising me, telling me where I was supposed to be."

Laura chuckled. "Whereas someone bossing you about in the bedroom hasn't been a problem at all."

"It's true," I confessed. "So what I was thinking is, I go back to the office, say I've decided I should have a PA after all, put an advert out. You can come for interview, and of course it turns out you're ideal for the job."

Laura seemed to be on the verge of tears. "You'd really do that?"

"Sure."

She took a deep breath, looking more like her usual self. "Well, I was planning something special for you as a goodbye, but it'll do just as well for au revoir..."

"Should I be afraid?" I teased. "Knowing what 'special' might mean for you, that is."

Laura shook her head. "No toys, no whips. But something we've not done yet."

She sat up, then slid her body across mine so that she was facing my feet, her opening enticingly close to my mouth. I took the hint, beginning to explore her with my tongue, occasionally daring to flick my tonguetip across her pink star. "Mm," I heard, "you've really got the hang of this already."

She leaned forward, and I felt her fingers wrap around my growing erection, then -- oh! -- her mouth surrounding me, her tongue beginning to swirl on my tip. For a moment I was distracted from what I was doing to her, then I focused again, making the movement of my tongue match hers. I felt her breasts pressing on my stomach, the nipples hard points, and the more insistently I tongued her, the deeper she took me, almost gagging.

I could feel her muscles beginning to tense, and she moved her head back so that her mouth surrounded only my tip while her fingers curled round me, moving up and down to imitate me being inside her. "Mm -- I'm nearly there --" she gasped, "let's go together."

I pressed my mouth into her opening, flickering my tongue on her most sensitive spot, feeling my own climax approaching. Suddenly she groaned, and I felt a thrill as all her muscles clenched, her pink star pulsing as she climaxed. She gasped again, and a spurt of clear fluid drenched my lips, my mouth. I swallowed, continuing to press my tongue into her. Now her fingers on me were moving rapidly, and I reached my own point of no return. "Oh -- god -- Laura -- yes..." I felt myself spurt, and her mouth surrounded me again, receiving almost greedily, swallowing, her tongue catching every last drop.

Finally we both relaxed, and I wrapped my arms around her, still unable to see her face. "Laura -- that really was special."

She shifted position, pillowing her head on my chest, eyes closed. "I'll be able to remember this, when you're gone for a while."

I held her for a few minutes, then reluctantly started to sit up. "I need to think about going, really."

Laura nodded. She watched as I dressed, packed my case. "You'll send me the job ad, won't you."

"I promise."

***

The intercom on my desk buzzed. "Mr Smith -- Laura Brown is here for her interview."

"OK," I acknowledged. "If you can ask her to wait in the conference room, I'll be there in a minute to start her off with the aptitude test."

I opened the conference room door, and Laura looked up. "Good afternoon, Miss Brown," I greeted her formally, but my eyes were laughing. I slid the sign on the door to 'Interview In Progress' and closed it behind me. Laura got to her feet, pressing her body against me and kissing me hard on the lips. "Missed you."

"You too."

She stepped back, her fingers already on the buttons of her crisp white blouse. Underneath, her breasts were bare, nipples hard, and she lay back on the conference table, drawing her knees up and lifting her skirt. "Come here and fuck me."

I unfastened my belt, losing trousers and boxers, and positioned myself between her spread thighs, my erection pushing at her opening. I used my fingers to drag my hard tip up and down her wetness, sliding over her hard nub. "Mmf," she gasped, "feels good, but I want you in me."

I relented, thrusting deep into her without pausing, and she tilted her head back with a low moan. "Oh yeah, just keep going."

Her moans became louder as I increased the pace of my thrusts, and I covered her mouth with one hand while my fingers squeezed her breasts, gently twisting one nipple. "Oh -- oh god --" I heard her muffled words. She flexed her hips upwards, my penetration of her now so deep that bone touched bone through skin. "Ready for me to come?" I gasped out, and she nodded, her eyes fixed on my face. "Mm -- I'm -- oh -- ah, yessss!" I released into her, and her eyes widened as her whole body convulsed in response, muscles clenching around me, one spurt then another of warm fluid splashing my stomach, running down. "Oh, yeah..." she breathed, her hips still spasming upwards every few moments.

Finally she stilled, and I withdrew from her, helping her slide off the conference table, watching as she smoothed her skirt, refastened her blouse, her eyes on me all the while. I pulled my trousers back on, and glanced at the table, seeing wet droplets catching the light. "Hmm, seems my nervous interviewee knocked over her glass of water," I deadpanned. "I'll ask one of the secretaries to mop it up."

Laura grinned. "So... did I pass my aptitude test?"

"Do you really think there was any doubt about that?"

"Good," she nodded, "seeing as I've already rented a house near the office."

She reached into her bag for an envelope. "The address, and a front door key. See you when you finish?"

"You bet."

I walked through the foyer of the office with her, and watched as she walked towards the bus stop. When she was out of sight, I made my way back to my desk, stopping at the secretaries' office. "Sarah -- would you type up an offer letter for Laura Brown, please? Terms as discussed..."

***

I turned the key in the lock and stepped inside. The house was silent, and I began to explore; dining room, lounge, modern-looking kitchen. Stairs led up from the lounge, and I grinned as I found discarded items every few steps -- Laura's work shoes, skirt, her blouse. At the top of the stairs was a landing, and I looked left along the hall to the bathroom. I turned right, stopping in the doorway of the bedroom as my eyes discovered Laura lying on top of the covers. "What kept you?" she mock-scolded. "Get naked and come here."

I undressed, leaving my clothes in an untidy pile on the chair, and went to her, our lips meeting almost greedily as she pulled me close. "Mm," she smiled against my mouth as her fingers discovered my erection. "I was hoping you'd be ready again."

She shifted position, moving down to kiss my hard tip. "Bend your leg," she requested, and I gave her a puzzled look as she put a hand on my ankle to guide it. "OK, there," she nodded.

She moved again, taking me back into her mouth, and I gave a startled gasp as I felt the wetness between her thighs pressing against the ball of my foot. "Oh, yeah," she managed around me. She began to flex her hips, and I groaned as her increasing pleasure was reflected in the movement of her mouth, her tongue, on me. I reached to take hold of her hair, using it to fuck her mouth as she slid herself almost desperately against me. "Mm -- come for me --" she begged, wrapping her hand around my shaft and spearing me into her mouth. Then "oh -- oh god -- I'm -- ohhhh yes!" and the utterly new sensation of warm fluid spurting from her, wetting my feet, running between my toes. Finally I yielded to the insistent touch of her mouth, her fingers, reaching my climax with a loud groan. Laura's mouth eagerly accepted what I gave her, her throat moving as she swallowed, her lips surrounding me to catch every spurt. "Mmm."

She moved to rest her head on my chest. "Think that's the bed christened, anyway."

I felt her lips curve in a smile. "But I have a few ideas about the rest of the house, too."

She sat up. "Can you stay for a while?"

"Sure."

Laura opened the drawer of the bedside table, taking out what looked like wide leather bracelets with thin cords attached. "So I have a treat for you."

I watched as she fastened the bracelets to wrists, ankles, then laid back on the bed, arms and legs stretched out. "Now tie them."

I hesitantly secured each cord in turn to the bedposts, feeling a new sensation as Laura tugged at her bonds, her expression feigning fear and frustration. "Good."

She tilted her head to indicate the drawer, still open. "Help yourself to what's in there -- you can do anything to me you like."

The first thing I retrieved was a strip of the blue pills, and I glanced at Laura. "Think I'm going to need one of these."

She nodded, and I popped one of the pills out of its foil, taking a sip of water from the glass on the table and swallowing. "OK."

I looked in the drawer again, finding a bottle of clear liquid, remembering the feel of Laura's toy in me. "What's sauce for the goose..." I teased.

A slim plastic cylinder with a flat base was next, and finally -- "Body massager?" I queried, reading the label on the box.

Laura smirked. "That's how they're sold, but I'm sure you'll work out what it's really for."

I knelt between her spread thighs, and tipped clear liquid onto my fingers. "Hope it's not too cold."

I reached out a fingertip to her pink star, feeling it contract briefly before Laura relaxed again. I spread slipperiness around, then slid my finger carefully into her. "Mm," she murmured. "Nice."

I withdrew my finger, replacing it with the tip of the plastic cylinder, and pressed inwards, watching fascinated as her opening accommodated the length of the toy. "Oh yeah," was Laura's response, "that feels really full."

I moved up to kiss her, my fingers still on the end of the toy exerting gentle pressure then relaxing. "Remember that thing I said Alice liked?" she whispered, and I nodded, dabbing my tongue into her ear and blowing softly. She shivered deliciously, tensing around the toy. "Ohhhh... go back down..."

I picked up the massager, twisting the base to start a low buzz, and watched her face as I brushed the rounded end slowly over one breast, then onto her nipple. "Oh please," she begged, "you know where I want it."

I circled the nipple, then moved the massager to her other breast, teasing her. Finally I relented, moving the end onto her smooth mound then gradually drifting it lower. "Mm -- yes -- oh! there!" she gasped.

Her voice took on a dreamy tone. "I think Alice would like this too... Imagine her tied the way I am, that toy filling her, squirming with pleasure as you use the massager between her thighs."

I raised my eyebrows. "Something tells me you wouldn't just be watching."

I moved the massager more insistently, and Laura's mouth formed an O of pleasure as she tried to reply. "I -- mm -- I'd be kissing her, and -- oh god, yes, like that -- playing with her nipples..."

Her voice dissolved into moaning, and I took over our shared fantasy. "She'd be flexing her hips, pushing against the massager, and she'd beg me, 'Put something inside too'. I'd slide two fingers into her --"

I followed my words with action, my fingers thrusting deep into Laura's wetness, and she gasped. "Oh, can't I have at least one hand free, I could touch my breasts."

I shook my head. "Nope."

I watched her face, curling my fingertips inside her, and as I brushed another sensitive spot she gasped, then her whole body convulsed. "Oh -- I'm -- ahhh..."

I thrilled as a stream of clear liquid arced into the air from between her thighs, splashing on the polished wooden floor. "Wow, Laura."

She bit her lip, nodding dumbly as the aftershocks of her pleasure coursed through her body. Finally she subsided, her chest heaving, and I put the massager aside, half-covering her body with mine, my arm across her breasts.

Laura turned to kiss me. "Mm... Can't wait to try that one with Alice."

She raised one eyebrow. "Now, that little blue pill should have kicked in by now. What do you want to do to me?"

She indicated her bonds. "After all, I can't stop you having me any way you want, can I."

I grinned. "True." I picked up a pillow. "Lift up."

Laura obeyed, and I slid the pillow underneath her, raising her hips. I watched her face as I eased the toy out of her, and she closed her eyes for a moment. "Mm."

I found the bottle of lube, and Laura's face began to show anticipation as I wrapped my fingers around my erection. I positioned myself between her thighs, pressing my tip against her still-slippery back opening and easing into her. I put my hands on her breasts, rolling her nipples between thumb and fingers. She gasped as I thrust into her, tilting her head back. "Oh, god, I think I could come again."

I moved one hand down, cupping her mound in my palm and brushing the pad of my thumb firmly across her nub, making her squirm. "Oh -- mm -- yes," she groaned, and I felt her body shudder, her muscles tightening around me. "Now you," she begged.

I moved more insistently, feeling my climax approaching, and just at the critical moment I slid out of her, gasping as I spurted, white stickiness splashing her stomach, her mound, then onto her opening, mingling with her wetness and the lube. "You've made a real mess of me," her voice held amused admiration.

I knelt between her thighs, enjoying the look of her, hair across her face, glistening stickiness on skin, wet openings. "You look like you've been thoroughly fucked."

Laura pretended shock. "You don't usually talk that way."

I grinned. "It's the effect you have on me. Want me to let you loose now?"

She nodded, and I freed her from her bonds, rubbing her wrists. She curled up, and I wrapped my arms around her from behind, pressing myself against her bottom. "I'll have to be going soon," I whispered. "Sorry."

"S'ok," she murmured. "I'll see you at work, anyway. Didn't I see a store cupboard opposite your office...?"

"Maybe," I chuckled...

***