 "Pretty," he started calling her Pretty, on their first "date' which was not a normal boy meets girl date, but an afternoon in a hotel. He insisted that she deserved a better name than Prissy, because, well it just sounded prudish, and for a woman of her undeveloped sexual potential, anything that smacked of prissiness could get in the way. So Pretty it was, and pretty she felt when he called her by name. His name, Treat, was fanciful too, but it was original. Pretty didn't want change Treat's name, only to prefix it with "My" as in "My Treat". Although technically he was married to another, he was "My" to Pretty in the possessive, and "My Treat" in the sensual sense of "My, he is tasty as the hot fudge on a sundae."

Pretty was still discovering sex four years into her relationship with Treat. She had been a 20 year old virgin when married and somehow through three kids and 25 years of mattress attacks, she and her husband never found adventure between the sheets. Even in that first afternoon with Treat she experienced more orgasms than she had in the last five years. "This is just the beginning Pretty." Treat had prepared her. "Now that you know the possibilities, you are going to love it more each time and want it all the time." How he identified her sexuality during the sparring that preceded their affair, Pretty could not fathom, but wow, was he right. With gentle and not always gentle touches he helped her get off a dozen different ways. She was drained and smiling each time they parted, and she felt glorious for a day before she became hungry for another "Treat."

Pretty's only complaint was that she had to play Huck Finn to Treat's Tom Sawyer. Nothing was simple with Treat. They had to have an elaborate plan to add to the excitement. They couldn't do a blow job in a parking lot of the movie theater, it had to be a blow job in the last row of the theater with popcorn butter on his cock. They couldn't just throw a blanket on the ground on a warm summer day, they had to have feather blankets underneath, pillows and fine cotton sheets in a secret hiding place.

Today marked the tenth anniversary of their affair, and Pretty knew it would be special with a fine chilled pinot noir, focaccia, and spanish cheeses. She had packed picnic. "But what would the sexual tease be?" Pretty wondered. Pretty always played along with what Treat asked her to do. After all, he had taught her everything from kissing to oral sex. "Oh, my," Pretty's clit twitched at the thought of Treat enthusiastically lapping at her pussy. Pretty's goal was to get fucked early and as often but she did get lost in those electric orgasms Treat bit her into. 

All this anticipation put Pretty on edge. Their busy schedules and demanding spouses usually only allowed them to meet once a week. That was bad enough, but family matters had extended this absence to half a month. Pretty slid into his old Cadillac and gave him a mouthful of a kiss. "Hi Pretty. Ready for a picnic." Treat greeted her when he came up for air. "

"I'm ready for a taste of you." Pretty surprised herself with her boldness, but she still didn't feel free with the language of sex. "Tasting you" they both knew was a euphemism for sucking his cock until she came. 

"Sorry, We are just going to kiss today." Treat teased.. 

"Well duh, that's what we do best. I would kiss your sweet lips right now if you weren't driving."

"Today is going to be a lazy August afternoon", Treat revealed his plan for the day. He clamped his hand on her thigh as he drove towards their usual campsite in the abandoned subdivision. "I mean we are going to do that long kiss, the kiss that feels like hours, the kiss that moves you from being ready to fuck, as I can see you are now, to writhing and moaning and begging. Yes, you can taste my cock but that will be at least 15 minutes from now. Five minutes into the woods, and a ten minute kiss.

Treat sounded committed, but Pretty worked the edges. "Why don't we kiss and fuck at the same time, we've done it before." 

"Yes, my Pretty, we have, but concentrating on that kiss is such a turn on. Oh, and we are going to do it naked, damn the mosquitos." Treat pulled into the cul-de-sac, weedy from the years of neglect. "I'll grab the blankets, you bring the picnic basket." 

The necessary trudge through the thicket was almost too much to bear. Pretty avoided the poison ivy and thought about the once grand plans that would have filled these spaces with oversize Mcmansions and laughing children. The boom was off in Michigan, but that made life all the more interesting. Fancy hotel rooms could be saved for conventions. They weaved through the tall flowering grasses, ducked under tree limbs, and found their favorite fucking place, a beaten down bed of grass shaded by a fragrant honeysuckle bush. The picnic lunch could wait, Pretty tore into Treat's belt hoping to tempt him into a standing suck on his cock while she knelt on the blanket. He laughed her off, but started stripping himself. "the kiss starts when you are naked, better pop under the sheet quick." She made a quick escape from her clothes handing her blouse on a convenient limb. Even the bugs avoided the afternoon heat, but Treat shook out an oversize sheet that settled over their bodies.

The kiss was all he promised and more than she imagined. Their tongues sought each other in the first eagerness, then they slowed to pressing moist lips, and little licks. Pretty's body responded to his nakedness by arching into him so her breasts could squeeze into his chest. Now Treat took the initiative, cupping her breasts in his free hand, then twisting a nipple to erect attention. Pretty wanted him to suck her nipples, but relentlessly, their kiss continued. 

Her orgasms started a minute later when he moved his left hand down between her legs. Rubbing her clit softly brought her to the edge, then he plunged two digits into her vagina and started finger fucking. Pop, bang, she wanted his cock in there, but anything Treat did worked for her. He fingered her to bliss over and over, smacking hard and splashing her cum on her thighs and never once letting go of the kiss.He settled her for a moment, then moved to her now erect clit rubbing and pinching her to another series of orgasms. Pussy, clit, tits, he rubbed and repeated. Pretty noticed his erection pressing against her. She had to have a taste, but the kiss wouldn't stop. She reached down to squeeze out a drop of precum and rubbed it around the tip with a finger before slipping it into a free corner of her mouth. His taste set her off onto another round of furious pumping, she had to hurry him up. Travis was gently rubbing her G-spot now, stretching her pussy for the sure fucking to come. He touched her everywhere inside except those places so deep only his cock could reach. Pretty came until her entire body became sensitized to every. At the moment she was ready to beg for his cock, he broke off the kiss and whispered in her ear. "You can have a taste." Pretty squeezed his cock in her excitement. She knew a taste would lead to a suck and a suck to a rock hard cock and a frigging fantastic fucking. 

Pretty loved her power to make him hard. No matter how much fucking they had put in earlier, she was confident that her lips and tongue could bring him to full attention. She barely grazed his nipples while sliding down his sweaty chest. Her lips found his long smooth cock as she licked another drop off the slit. She enjoyed that taste, swirling it around his pulsing head, before launching into a full blown suck that got her off in the first dozen strokes. Sucking Treat's cock got him talking. "oh yes, that's lovely baby, C'mon, do it now, make me feel real good. Suck me real good." His urgings, the feel of his hand in her hair, and best of all the taste of his cock in her mouth were heavenly. Every stroke became an orgasm until they blended into one long scream. Pretty wanted this, she wanted his cock, his sperm, his arms around her. She had to get fucked NOW. She let his cock slip out, and asked with her eyes if it was fucking time. "One more good one, make me so hard it hurts. Then I'll fuck you."

Pretty eagerly obliged, then rolled over, pointed her toes towards the sky, and waited all of two seconds, even that seemed too long, and Treat was on her and in her. He held her without moving for a moment, watching her smile, then grimace as the orgasm hit. Pretty could feel every inch of Treat's cock as he held still and swelled it deep. When neither could stand the tension he eased off and began the rhythmic ritual, slow easy strokes, building to harder pounding repetitions, then easing and repeating until Pretty's legs were aching and her body went beyond enjoying orgasms to flat out craving sperm. She lowered her legs, carefully keeping Treat's cock in place, then got him moving again my reaching down and grasping his balls. They were heavy with sperm and hot to her touch. Hell, he was hot all over steaming with exertion and dripping sweat on her breasts on this humid August afternoon. They had been making love now for 30 minutes, and Pretty knew the end game. His mumbling endearments increased with the speed of their fucking. Her pussy grasped, squeezed and twisted his cock pulling him ever closer to the explosion she needed. Suddenly, he stopped, lifted himself up on his arms, gave her a twisted smile, then started shooting. Bang, she felt the sperm hit the back of her sensitive pussy. Pretty quivered, and came, and again, and again until he slumped onto her changing in seconds from a roaring lion to a docile kitty cat. 

Now came the worst part of lovemaking. He had to leave her. Treat felt his embrace turn into heaviness, so he slowly rolled off leaving a trail of cum across her thigh. Pretty compensated for her loss by scraping the biggest glob onto her finger and into her mouth. She felt she deserved every bit of him. 

As they lay silently for a moment, Pretty tucked herself under his arm and hid from the first buzzing mosquito under the sheet. The smells of sex, her juices, his cum and sweat, were overpowering. She pulled off a couple of small quiet orgasms as her body absorbed the sperm. She should let him sleep a moment as a reward for his exertions, but Treat roused himself enough to set stage two into motion. "I need a drink of wine. You are great, Pretty. Where are the sandwiches? Is this a picnic or what?"