 It was a fun, flirtatious evening from the moment Hubby and I got home. It had been a long day at work and all we wanted to do was slip into comfortable clothes and relax. After a quick change, we slipped into the kitchen to make dinner for the family.

I stepped in behind him at the sink and slid my hands under his white t-shirt, then beneath his shorts onto his hips and bare tush. Likewise, he returned my playful advances -- sliding his hands under my silk pajamas to cup my bare breasts underneath. We were both anticipating some fun as the night wound down. 

After a busy but playful night, we both crawled into bed. It all seemed familiar -- he in his underwear and me in my silk PJ top and thong panties. Curled up behind me, Hubby gently kissed the back of my neck good night. I sighed softly in response to the warm lips on my skin. Sensing my pleasure, He nibbled my neck gently and slid a hand over my breast, massaging it firmly through the silky material. It was VERY nice! 

I turned to kiss him deeply as he ran his strong hand along the curve of my hip and down my thigh. I couldn't help but moan softly into his mouth as he drug his fingers firmly up the back of my thigh and over the bare skin of my ass, massaging my tired muscles. I LOVE that feeling!

Subtly, I felt him wiggle out of his underwear, followed by the warm sensation of his bare cock pressing urgently against my bare bottom. I quickly turned and gripped it softly, tugging his thickening cock toward me again and again as it grew harder in my hand (ANOTHER feeling I love). I could feel his excitement growing as he feverishly unbuttoned my silk PJ top -- just half way -- to expose my bare breasts. Nearly tearing it, he spread my top wide, slipping his hands beneath and spilling my full C-cup breasts out into the open night air. 

Hungrily, Hubby began squeezing, nibbling and sucking at my breasts! Starting from beneath, he gnawed at the entire surface of my breast, intentionally grazing but ignoring my hardening nipples. "Unghhhh," I sighed hornily as Hubby engulfed my thick nipple in his mouth. It felt soooo good as his tongue circled firmly over my areola before sucking and pulling his head away, tugging my nipples to their fully-engorged length. 

Having breastfed my children, my nipples are long and VERY thick and crave rough play. Knowing this, Hubby gripped both breasts firmly, perking my nipples up high and began gnawing relentlessly -- one breast to the next and back. I released his thick cock and placed my hands over his, massaging my breasts into his hungry mouth. 

As if a single string connected my entire body, the rough squeezing and tugging of my breasts sent urgent, aching pangs DEEP between my legs! I couldn't help but swivel my hips as muscles all over my pussy contracted and released in painful anticipation. I could feel the increasing wetness flowing warmly from my center with each maddening gyration. I was getting DELIRIOUSLY HORNY!

Sensing my arousal, Hubby pressed his muscular thigh hard into my nether regions, causing me to moan LOUDLY as I mindlessly began grinding my wet panties against his leg. Crushing my clit, I wanted something -- ANYTHING -- inside me as I desperately needed to erupt in orgasmic release. 

Hubby's big hand released one of my breasts and drifted quickly beneath my ass and upward, palming my entire womanhood like a sweaty, slutty basketball. I groaned at his touch, feeling so overwhelmed and taken. It was intense! His thick fingers drug heavily from my clit, past my moist opening, and gently over my anus and back again. He continued this path at a maddeningly slow pace until I could LITERALLY feel by pussy muscles trying to draw him in as his fingers fumbled painstakingly close with each passing. It only took a few of those and I was wiggling out of my shirt, letting my breasts bounce freely, as Hubby quickly yanked my thong panties down my thighs. I was so, soooo ready for him!

But he surprised me! Hubby grinned evilly and disappeared beneath the sheets (we usually pushed them all off). I giggled as his warm cock drug down my leg -- and jumped when his mouth touched my thigh. I knew what was next ... but when? Suddenly, I felt his two thumbs open the wet outer lips of my pussy as his tongue dove firmly into my opening. A surge of pleasure ROCKED through my body as I arched, then collapsed in satisfaction as Hubby's tongue slid from inside me, up over my clit and back down. The anticipation and response -- the sheer arousal of being robbed of preparation -- was making his disappearing act under the sheets a tremendous turn-on. I was a slave to the sensations his exploring tongue delivered. All I could do was live in the moment -- and feel every physical response with overwhelming honesty. 

My honesty moaned like a whore when Hubby replaced the tongue in my pussy with two of his thick fingers! I jumped and fucked back on his fingers as they entered my saturated pussy with practically no resistance. The thickness and fullness of Hubby's invading fingers, circling gently against the walls of my pussy, was VERY satisfying! I could feel the pangs of orgasm getting increasingly urgent from deep inside. I needed to cum sooo badly but this build-up was maddening. I panted like a dog, breathing heavily past my full lips as the pace of Hubby's fingers increased! To my surprise, I felt the flat surface of his tongue rock clumsily over my clit and hood and the few trace hairs atop my otherwise shaven pussy. "OOHHhhh," I blurted as the newly-combined sensations shocked my senses.

Knowing all my signals -- my wetness; my sighs; my needs -- Hubby sucked fully against my swollen clit, pulling my lips tightly, and plunged his fingers DEEPLY into my pussy. With familiar precision, he stretched and curled his digits to finger at the opening of my cervix! The slurpy sounds of Hubby's collective invasion was only muffled by the grunts, groans and moans that unabashedly left my mouth. I gripped the sheets, bucked and fucked my hips until I erupted in a loud, overwhelming orgasm! It felt like every muscle in my body converged to burst a water balloon wedged deep inside me. The rush of warm wetness cascaded from inside me like a waterfall. I could feel it escaping and drizzling over my puckered anus with each instinctive convulsion.

But I didn't care! I flipped the covers back to expose Hubby's shocked expression as I demanded, "FUCK ME ... NOW!!!" He was pleased with my arousal and wanted to TAKE it! Hubby wiped my wetness from his face and rose above my body like an angry shadow. His dense forearm hooked behind my knee and raised it until it crushed my breast beneath. The cool night air was startling on my open, exposed wetness. In one hard, heavy movement, his thick, rock-hard cock SLAMMED into my soaked pussy in one unforgiving motion. I groaned and gasped painfully, adjusting to his thick presence inside. He slid it back out slowly as I could feel the walls of my pussy working to cling to his every movement. I had so badly wanted him inside me! I raised my right leg higher to accommodate his length as he entered me again and again with increasing depth. Within seconds, he was fully inside me again, crushing my slippery, sensitive clit between our pubic bones. Holding us firmly together, he lurched his considerable weight forward, pinning me down with his cock fully engulfed. Helpless but happy, Hubby rhythmically nudged forward, burying every conceivable length of him inside me. 

Overwhelmed, I could feel the head of his penis teasing at the opening of my cervix. WHAT A SENSATION!!! I gripped his ass urgently, trying to pull him deeper inside. Could he enter my womb? Would it hurt? I was so deliriously aroused I couldn't care. I could feel my womb opening slightly around the tip of his penis -- and judging from his moans, so could he! The teasing was intoxicating. We continued these deep connections until pleasantly, Hubby withdrew fully and began entering and reentering my pussy with long, steady strokes.

I immediately erupted into another wet orgasm, digging my nails into his arm as my convulsing muscles paved my pouty pussy with more moisture for his continued attack. I came all over his cock, which was now leaving and reentering my pussy fully with every vigorous stroke. I was so, SOOO wet; there was no missing my pussy as his every lunge accurately pierced my wet gaping hole. 

He was relentless and primal, fucking me with no regard; single minded in pursuing and prolonging his own orgasm. The intoxicating smell of sweat and sex swelled within the room as the unmistakable sounds of our passion rang loud like church bells. Yet the slapping of flesh subsided as Hubby began teasing my spent opening again with varying strokes. Shallow penetrations teased as crushing entries followed that sent me moaning into his chest. His large hands pinned my breasts and shoulders to the bed. I was his -- helplessly impaled against his deepest invasions. A broad and powerful man, I had often witnessed his animalistic, aggressive tendencies; but this sexual prowess was unlike him! Untamed and unforgiving, his pace and endurance were selfish -- pummeling my sensitive insides one moment, then teasing them lovingly the next. He was full of surprises this evening ... and the surprises continued!

His own orgasm imminent, Hubby released me from his captive grip and leaned upright, his still-firm cock nearly slipping from my now-stretched pussy. With feather-like sensitivity, his large hands softly explored the smooth, sweat-slicked skin of my breasts, stomach and thighs as we worked to recapture our breath. Arching his back sharply, Hubby's cock reclaimed its position in my depths as he penetrated me with long, loving strokes. But this loving interlude was erotically interrupted as he wickedly grasped my upper pussy lips with his thumb and forefinger, grinding my clit between them. The direct pressure sent surging convulsions like rippling waves up and into my nether regions as his invading penis resumed its long, languishing pathways. I could feel another orgasm mounting as his pace increased and his thumb fumbled beneath the fleshy folds onto my hardened clit. Like a joy buzzer, each touch of my swollen button reverberated like soundwaves into my aching pussy! My hand joined his as we both fumbled to stimulate my hypersensitive hood. 

My left hand violently gripping my breast, the right feverishly swirling circles over my pussy, I was lost in pure ecstasy anticipating my next orgasmic eruption! Yet like a whisper in the haze of my arousal, a distracting new sensation captured my attention.

Hubby's thumb traced my opening as his stiff cock slid steadily inside. A most pleasant experience, I must say. Yet, to my surprise, I felt the mouth of my pussy stretch WIDE as the tip of Hubby's thick thumb accompanied his cock inside me. Before I could react, his ENTIRE thumb disappeared inside atop his substantially-thick penis! 

OH MY GOD! The fullness was intoxicating! NEVER had I been stretched so wide; yet it seemed to slip into my wetness with ease -- a scarce thought quickly eradicated by the overwhelming sensation of Hubby's thumb, now hooked upward onto the rough skin of my G-spot. As if a fire was lit in my belly, uncontrollable waves of heat and sensitivity cascading through my insides. "UNGH, my GOD," I moaned incoherently as Hubby's grip grew tighter ... the pounding strokes of his cock, more aggressive. Apparently pleased with my whore-like moans of approval, I could feel Hubby hardening inside of me, stretching me more as his body eagerly anticipated its orgasm. 

Urgently, Hubby flung his thumb from my wetness and grasped the headboard! With a single, gut-wrenching stroke, his weight crushed me helplessly against it as his burning-hot cock unloaded wave after wave of warm, wet cum into the depths of my pussy. The erotic convulsions of his quivering cock inside me launched another violent orgasm as my tired muscles strained powerlessly against my vulnerable position. 

Still in the euphoric haze of my orgasmic bliss, Hubby hunched over me and FUCKED me hard and fast with his hard, numb cock! My cum-soaked pussy put up NO resistance as he pumped me -- as fast as he could -- with long, punishing, unapologetic strokes. The slapping of sweaty skin and primal grunts echoed throughout the house as I moaned louder and louder, screaming profanities and praise upon each hypersensitive stroke. Orgasm after orgasm ripped through my body as each one blended into the other. The endless foray of breathless satisfaction subsided as Hubby's softening cock slipped sloppily from my gaping, cum-soaked pussy. His absence inside was quickly filled by the now-humid bedroom air as I lay exhausted below him. We kissed, breathlessly panting, as we struggled to calm our pounding hearts -- ignoring the tickling sensation of our combined orgasms escaping my body. 

Exhausted, Hubby laid beside me. The puddle beneath my bottom grows on the sheets and the night's reward seems to flow endlessly down my inner thighs and round cheeks. Thoroughly satisfied, I steal away to clean up -- hardly able to walk -- and return with a warm, wet cloth. Lovingly, I worship and wash the soft, thick cock that has given me such satisfaction and curled up beside my man for a well-earned rest. 

I am a lucky woman -- and the familiar sensitivity of my well-used womanhood is a blessed reminder.