 Everyone hates going to the dentist. Landon Ashby was no exception. Even though he'd had relatively few dental issues over his 29 years, the idea of a stranger drilling, tugging, scrapping and scouring God knows what sorts of implements through his mouth always made Landon's stomach turn. The fact that he was an adult now, and actually had to pay for the pleasure of all that out of his own pocket, just added insult.

At least for a few years the company he worked for paid a good chunk of his dental insurance, but the economic downturn inevitably caused them to drop that benefit from their expenditure page, leaving Landon and Lisa, his wife of five years, on the hook for 100% of the cost.

The routine, six month cleaning visit was easy to swing financially, but when Lisa suddenly developed a few issues that required a root canal the same week the transmission went out on one of their cars, the Ashby's finances were suddenly stretched paper thin. Landon discussed an installment plan with the office manager at the dental office, but they'd been burned so often by delinquent patients, they were demanding a healthy chunk of the cost up front.

The fact that they'd been going to that dentist for all those years pissed Landon off to no end. They could have put the surgery on one of their credit cards, but given the vehicle issues, not to mention Lisa's little issue with retail therapy, all four of them were maxed out. He could have borrowed the money from his folks, but that wasn't something Landon wanted to do a few weeks before his 30th birthday.

He continued to stew over how to pay for his wife's procedure until she came home later that night saying she'd scheduled the root canal for the following morning, and that she'd worked out a payment schedule.

"I just spent all morning going round and round with the office manager...how did you get them to agree to this?" Landon curiosity couldn't be contained.

"Don't worry about it, Hon...sometimes a little subtlety goes a long way," she told him in a way that left Landon feeling utterly inept and worthless.

"We don't need charity," he maintained as Lisa made her way upstairs.

If that little hit to his pride was tough to swallow, Landon Ashby hadn't tasted anything yet.

_______________________________

The Ashbys had been going to Ned Cameron's dental practice for many years without incident. A dashing man in his late 40's, Cameron evoked a vibe of a younger George Hamilton, only with a less orange tan. As you'd expect from a man in his profession, Ned possessed a dashing, near perfect smile. One that nearly led Lisa to ask, several times in jest, who his dentist was so she could go to him.

Going to the dentist had never been a fearful experience for Lisa. The daughter of a physician, she always had a feeling of trust, and safety around men in that position, and other than an occasional cavity, or one small bout with a gum infection, Lisa generally got off easy in the chair.

In addition to the feeling of ease she felt in the presence of men who's job it was to provide comfort, Lisa privately had always felt a certain stirring attraction to them as well. The fact that she'd married a construction foreman hadn't quite added up, but many things in life don't always compute.

Like what she'd allowed to happen at the end of her routine cleaning that one fateful afternoon, nearly a year earlier.

Truth be told, Lisa Ashby should have filed a sexual harassment lawsuit right then and there before things tumbled so far out of control. And also while there was actually something of Dr. Cameron's to get.

Lisa had always felt a calm come over her each time she visited Dr. Cameron, not to mention a certain little itch that she couldn't quite reach when she was in his presence. Most of the time, his hygienist would do most of Lisa's cleaning and Cameron would swoop in towards the end just to double check and make sure everything was OK before sending her on her way. This particular day however, the hygienist must have either been on lunch or had the day off, leaving the owner of the establishment to provide the full service treatment.

Lisa was quite content to sit back in the reclined and raised chair so Dr. Cameron could do his thing. Listening as he made small talk, Lisa would alternately nod or grunt her tacit agreement to whatever he was saying. After all, it was rather difficult to talk with something in her mouth. 

So put at ease by the good doc's charisma and chair-side manner, Lisa nearly found herself drifting off several times as she stared straight up into Ned's smoky blue eyes, feeling strangely as if she was a lump of clay on a potter's wheel.

"Sure you didn't slip me some knock-out gas when I wasn't looking," Lisa asked once Cameron pulled the cleaning utensil out of her mouth and told her to spit.

"I've got some if you think you'll need it," he joked.

"No...I think I'll be alright...," she smiled before opening her mouth again and allowing Ned to work on her top row of choppers.

Even though it was early Fall, it was still warm enough for Lisa to wear a nice skirt and blouse set to her appointment. For whatever reason, Lisa always felt the need to dress up somewhat for her visits to Dr. Cameron even though she didn't for several of the other medical professionals she occasionally saw.

The hem of her skirt draped over her lower thighs as she rested in the chair, Lisa tucked her hands neatly together on her waist, just below the sliding tray the dentist used to organize the tools of his trade. Her jaws flexed all the way open as all 10 of Ned's fingers steadily worked in and out of her mouth, it wasn't long before the fire that seemed to ignite inside Lisa's loins on each visit suddenly sparked to life. With the tray hiding her hands, she was almost tempted to try and quell that burn.

Closing her eyes to keep from making any sort of telling eye contact with the handsome face hovering above her, Lisa drifted lazily through her self imposed darkness, all of her other senses heightened as she allowed him to do his job. With this being the first time he'd performed her cleaning since maybe her first visit years earlier, even though Lisa was doing her best to remain in a state of relaxed calm, for someone as astute as Dr. Cameron, it was clear to see his patient was sending out signs. 

Ned kept his exam rooms colder than they truly needed to be. In the Summer, he wanted his patients to be comfortable and sometimes he just forgot to dial the AC back as September gave way to October. While Ned believed he worked better in the cold, there was also a far more devious and sophomoric reason he kept the air conditioning on full blast. It provided a few added 'perks' he'd never readily admit.

Having drifted off between that lovely realm between waking and sleep as the minty scent of fluoride swirled around her, Lisa may as well have been floating on a raft in a Caribbean pool, enjoying the sunset, instead of laying in a dentist chair in downtown Rochester getting her teeth cleaned.

The gnawing grind of her libidinal rumbling omnipresent, Lisa pressed her folded fingers down a little bit tighter on her waist and pressed her bare thighs together until Ned wrapped up.

Opening her eyes for a few seconds to gain her bearings when she sensed the dentist putting the finishing touches on her, the first thing Lisa saw when she looked down were the twin nubs of her erect nipples pressing through the sheer white material of her blouse and bra cups, just like two tantalizing cherries resting on her chest. "All done," Cameron leaned back in his swiveling chair and said.

Her senses swimming, those two words swarmed inside Lisa's head with equal parts relief and disappointment.

"Oh God," she murmured beneath her breath when Ned began to pull the cart away so she could get up.

"Maybe he hasn't noticed," Lisa told herself, trying to decide which would be the most efficient way to slide out of the seat without him seeing the unquestioned evidence of her aroused state.

Waiting for Dr. Cameron to raise the seat back up so she could make a polite getaway, if she'd looked to her left at just the precise moment, she would have noticed the unquestioned evidence of his own arousal, as well, swelling along the inside of his right pant leg.

In that lag time of waiting, Lisa's nipples only grew more plump and visible. Like a teenage boy trying to think of the most dreadful image to talk down an ill-timed erection, Lisa rifled through her memory banks trying to think of something to pull the plug on hers. Any hope of that was lost when she impulsively looked up and lost herself in the dentist's eerily haunting, yet comforting gaze.

The gravity of the situation didn't need any spoken words, men and women had been sharing that particular type of stare since the genesis of humanity. The sparkle in Lisa Ashby's gaze told the older man hovering above he didn't need to ask permission for what he was about to do.

Extending his left hand out once he's properly ushered his dental supplies aside, Ned Cameron allowed his open palm to come to rest on Lisa's left leg, just above her knee. Seeing the way she neither jerked or made an outward sound when his flesh contacted hers, Ned knew Lisa had been expecting it. Noting the way her thighs parted ever so slightly as he began to massage his fingers into her warm pale skin, Ned took it as tacit approval to proceed.

Before taking so much as another breath, the dentist gracefully grazed his hand upwards between his prone patient's legs, bringing the hem of her skirt with it.

His eyes latched on to Lisa's with a warm fatherly glow, flames seemingly flared in those sockets of Ned's once he began inching his left hand higher. The warmth of her vagina bathing his fingers as he traced them closer, the embers in Ned's gaze flickered brightly when he got his first touch of the front panel of the younger woman's panties.

An audible, almost 'scientific' grunt of approval rose from the dentist's chest when he looked down and got a good look at the lacy white undergarment.

"MMMM...HMMMM," he groaned a little louder when he grazed the tips of his fingers across the musky and moistened patch of material.

Groping his fingers immediately into the pulpy mire between Lisa's legs, Dr. Cameron used his free hand to hit the button on the chair, forcing Lisa's suspended body upwards until she was shifting anxiously in her seat. Slipping the same hand that he'd just used to clean her teeth beneath the elastic band of Lisa's panties, Ned wasted no time drenching his fingers in her abundant arousal. Guiding the hand that had just been on the chair's electric control all the way up to the crotch of his slacks, Ned gave his erection a good, hard squeeze through his pants before reaching down to brush Lisa's silky brown hair from her heated brow.

Ned could have easily unzipped his fly and lugged his cock free. There was no doubt the married woman in the chair would have gladly gobbled him down as he fingered her cunt. Switching the water fountain back on with his right hand to provide a measure of ambient noise, Ned cupped and gouged his hand deeper between Lisa's swollen vaginal folds, causing her to grip her hands hard around the each arm rest.

"Go ahead...kick your shoes off. You might be here awhile longer," Ned leered down and told Lisa in his most eloquent tone. 

His dick throbbing inside his slacks when he saw both of Lisa's high heels tumble to the floor, a grin of vindication spread across Dr. Cameron's hawkishly handsome face when the younger woman folded her legs Indian style in the chair, providing clear and unfettered access to her steaming crotch.

Smirking when he saw the diamond on Lisa's wedding band glisten under the bright, fluorescent lights as she clutched the cushiony support, Ned swelled with toxic pride knowing his own gold wedding band was now drenched in the woman's juices as he stirred his three fingers through her quivering fissure.

Reaching down with his right hand, Ned took Lisa's left and brought it up to the crotch of his pants.

"I think her husband has an appointment here in two weeks," Dr. Cameron arrogantly reminded himself as he and Lisa jointly tugged at the raging girth lurching inside his slacks.

Further emboldened when he removed his steady hand and watched Lisa massage the bulge all on her own, Ned sped up the pace of his jabbing thrusts through the married woman's quim. 

It was now essentially a race to see who could make the other cum first. Ever the prepared pragmatist, the dashing and deceitful doctor knew he had carved out an insurmountable head start.

"Kind of like going to the gynecologist," Lisa thought with perverse amusement, seeing the way her knees were spread wide against the drab and sanitary backdrop of a medical office's wall.

The only difference here being instead of the doctor in question kneeling down there with his various tools of the trade, Ned Cameron was simply performing the exam with his bare hand, and he didn't even need to be down there to see what he was doing.

The muscles of Lisa's vagina clenching a little tighter around his fingers each time she kneaded her own hand around the ample ridge of his caged penis, Ned dropped his right hand down to the married woman's chest and pinched at both of her bulging nipples through her sheer white blouse.

The added sensation was all it took to send Lisa Ashby over the edge.

Brimming with delight as Lisa's crotch gyrated upwards against his plunging hand, Ned watched her twist violently in the chair as she tried desperately to keep from screaming out her release. His dick became as hard as a railroad spike seeing the way Lisa crumpled and writhed below.

Continuing to stir his left hand through the prone woman's pussy, it felt like hot, melted butter had seared his fingers as she continued to spew her lust all over his buried hand.

With his right, Ned reached down and finally unzipped his fly. He didn't have to wait long for Lisa to flail her right hand across her body to try and pull his fully aroused girth free. With a couple of twists and turns, then one final, harsh jerk, Lisa had the pulsing slab of meat resting between her soft, trembling fingers.

It wasn't the most ideal or comfortable way of going about things, but where there's lustful will, there's a way. Her lacy white panties askew, and her skirt still bunched up around her waist, Lisa leaned towards Dr. Cameron and propped herself up on her left elbow as she took a firm hold of the dentist's jutting penis. Taking one massive inhale as she arched her parted lips forward, Lisa took the older man's dick into her mouth and quickly began shoving all she could down her throat.

Stepping a few degrees to his right, Cameron finalized his stance beside the chair where Lisa was leaning forward. Not by accident, the very spot where his patient's lips were sealed around his cock was directly above the running spit sink. The choreography of it all suggested this wasn't Ned's first liaison in that exam room. If for whatever reason Lisa wasn't able to ingest his imminent flood, the handy sink would be there to ferry the remnants away.

There was no need for the extra pre-caution however. Braced for the impending deluge, Lisa heartily ingested every last drop of the older man's semen as he massaging all 10 of his fingers lovingly into her scalp.

Biting his lip and pressing his tongue hard against the roof of his mouth, Dr. Cameron did all he could to audibly contain the rapturous release of his boiling lust. Hearing footsteps meander up and down the hall outside the closed door to the exam room, if he listened hard enough, Ned could also hear the faint mumbling of the people waiting out in the lobby, all of them oblivious to the debauchery taking place just a few feet away. 

Pulling his cock free from the glorious vacuum seal of Mrs. Ashby's lips and stuffing it quickly back inside his pants, Ned took a step back and allowed the married woman to get to her feet so she could gather herself before walking out to pay for her visit.

It was only the first of dozens of visits the two made behind their respective spouses' backs. An affair that would last just over a year before Landon Ashby made a fateful discovery. 

_________________________________

No question Landon was happy his wife had worked out some sort of arrangement with the dental office to handle her impending root canal. Problem was, having tried to broker some sort of agreement himself, Landon's pride had taken a bigger hit than even he wanted to admit when Lisa came home the night before and said she'd taken care of it.

Slipping out for lunch a few minutes earlier the following day, Landon decided to swing by Dr. Cameron's office just to get up to speed on what that agreement entailed. Part of it certainly was his own nagging and bruised ego, but he was able to at least couch the trip across town as a discovery mission just to find out how the surgery was going to effect the couple's already shaky finances.

About a block before Landon pulled into the dental office's driveway, he saw Dr. Cameron pulling out and making a left up the road in his silver, late model BMW.

Knowing it was a few minutes to Noon, Landon assumed the only dentist he'd had since he was 16 was doing what thousands of other people were doing at that time of the day, simply going out to grab a bite to eat.

"I'll just follow him and grab lunch wherever he stops...maybe bump into him at the buffet and get the details," Landon decided.

The stretch of road Landon was tailing Dr. Cameron had every sort of menu option. There were a handful of Chinese places, a Thai place, several Italian and Mexican options along with a cornucopia of burger joints. Landon was sort of hoping the dentist would pick the great Thai restaurant a few blocks further up, but before they got that far, Ned pulled his Beamer into a non-descript motel parking lot a little over a mile from his office.

"Holy Shit," Landon instantly laughed as watched the dentist ease his vehicle into the rear parking area, out of view from the main road. "Looks like old Doc Cameron is getting some on the sly."

Sadly for Landon, he couldn't have been more right. 

The easiest and most logical thing would be for Landon to have just kept on driving, maybe even stop for some Thai take-out, but like a well trained snoop who had a hour before he had to be back at his office, Landon made the right turn and eased into the relatively empty lot.

"There's an exit on the other side," he told himself as he hummed along with the song on the radio.

With Dr. Cameron still in his vehicle, Landon wheeled right on by and prepared to make the final left turn and make his exit from the horseshoe shaped driveway. He likely would have done just that if he hadn't driven over a beer can in the process. 

Looking instinctively into the rear view to see exactly what he'd hit, Landon couldn't help but notice a gray sedan parked a few spaces from the spot the dentist had pulled in. A nondescript discovery actually, but it was the same type of car his wife, Lisa, drove.

Putting some distance between his rear wheels and the crushed can of Bud Light, Landon once again focused his attention on exiting the lot, but before he could really stop himself, his hands had steered him into an out of the way parking space at the far, upper corner of the lot.

A vague uneasiness that Landon couldn't quite explain suddenly filtered like bile-soaked butterflies through his insides. He couldn't see Cameron's car from the spot he'd settled, but he could see the driver's side of the gray sedan. Lighting a cigarette to help settle his nerves, Landon watched as Ned suddenly appeared, easing around to the driver's door of the other car with his cellphone glued ot his ear. Landon took a long drag of his Camel Light watching the older man sort of wave up to someone who must have been in one of the rooms looking out at him. A few seconds later, Dr. Cameron opened the door to the gray car then reached inside and pulled something out.
