 I was a big fan of Princesa's new diet. Not that she needed to lose weight--quite the opposite. She was 96 pounds, nothing but tits on a tiny frame. But regardless, she was eating low-calorie and high protein, and--here's the part I liked--she decided the best way to supplement that was to drink multiple cumshots per day. 

So as of late, Princesa was giving me even more blowjobs than usual--waking me up with one every morning, then following me to the bathroom for some shower sex with a side of swallowing, greeting me with a welcome home BJ before dinner, and on and on until I'd finally pass out at night. 

Neither of us could really complain--I generate enough testosterone in my work (I get paid to punch people in the face, and I train every day to get better at it) that I come home from the gym ready to pound holes with a different part of my body than my fists, and Princesa is such a little nympho that she wants everything that I'm laying down and more. 

Princesa had taken to calling my cumshots 'protein shakes'. She'd pump my shaft around and say she was shaking me up, getting me ready to pour herself a big man-shake. And when I came, it was always deep inside her throat, every stream of cum shooting straight down into her tiny little tummy. 

So this afternoon, when I got home from the gym, I was ready to keep up my end of her diet, as I had been doing for the past few weeks. But when I bent down to kiss her after I walked in the door, she whispered in my ear that she wanted to try something different tonight.

"What, like, kinky different?" I asked. Princesa wasn't really a kink girl, she just really loved hot men (and sometimes, hot girls), and loved to get her brains fucked out repeatedly. So I wasn't expecting anything too bizarre. 

"No silly," she said. "But it's a surprise, though. A sexy surprise."

I pressed my finger against her lips. "Then say no more, mi amor." She smiled behind my index finger. 

"Just make sure you come to bed with your cum-gun loaded," she purred. Then she kissed my shushing finger and went back to stirring the food she had sizzling on the stove. 

I leaned against the kitchen island and watched her work. She was, in her around-the-house clothes, dressed to kill--and by "kill" I mean cause la petit mort. 

She had on a tight little spaghetti-strap top several sizes too small for her rack. Cleavage and underboob spilled out, and her melons jiggled individually whenever she moved. The top read, in cursive script, SLUTTI BABII, and the text was stretched out across the front by a wall of breast. 

For bottoms, she wore cheer shorts that matched the top, also reading SLUTTI BABII across the back. Her perky cheeks made the text pop out at me. Like the top, the shorts must have been a size 3X Small, as they left the majority of her booty exposed. To make the view even more mouth-watering, she had the waist of the shorts rolled a few times, leaving the bare minimum of fabric covering her ass and kitty. She had a matching g-string on, too, its thin, pink waistband and t-back clearly visible above her rolled down shorts. 

Whenever she stirred the sizzling food in the pan, her ass and titties jiggled. Princesa had told me that I better come to bed with a "loaded cum-gun"--just watching those round things jiggle as they jutted off of her tiny frame was enough to make me sure that I'd be able to deliver what she wanted. Truth be told, I was loaded already; and I could barely wait until we went to bed and I could put it to use. 

***

After we ate, Princesa told me to wait there at the kitchen island, she was going into the bedroom to change. She didn't bother to add 'into something sexy' because she knew how devastating she looked already. I waited, still rock-hard from watching her jiggle as she cooked.

She peeked out of the bedroom door and motioned for me to come closer. As I approached, she opened the door completely and let me have a full-body view. 

This outfit fit her similarly--which is to say, jaw-droppingly--another spaghetti-strap top, this one a white tank with an army star on the front, cut off to the length she liked, stopping mid-breast so that it had to strain to hide her nipples. Her bottoms were a pair of olive green boyshort panties that fit her like the cheer shorts she wore earlier, except these weren't rolled down, they were just extra skimpy. The waistband read BOOTY CAMP, as did the back, which she showed off, spinning around and dancing for me. To top it off, she wore a camo hat that she played with, pulling the front down over her eyes as she danced. She gradually backed up, still shaking her goodies, until she was right next to our bed. 

"Hi, soldier," she purred, and pulled my shirt off over my head. "I hope you brought your cum-gun fully loaded, because we're going to have target practice tonight. And I've got two big bullseyes for you to hit." She flipped her little tank top up, giving me a peek at her nipples. "See these two extra-big targets? These hard, pointy nipples," she touched them with one finger each, "and these big, round areolas. Each one of my targets is even bigger than a B-cup. Think you can shoot enough to cover them, big boy?"

I nodded, licking my lip. I already knew Princesa's (extra-extra-extra large) bra size, but what she just said put the true size of her boobs into perspective--just her areolas ALONE were the size of B-cups! And despite the size of her areolas, they didn't exactly take up the majority of her rack: there was still a ton of breast that surrounded them. My girlfriend was STACKED, which was obvious by any eye test, but it was hitting me all over again just to what extent. 

"OK soldier," she said unbuttoning my pants, "First, I'm going to make you stand at attention." She slid off my pants and stood me up, wearing nothing except my briefs. "Ready?" she said. "Attennnnnnn-TION!" She called out the command in her high, girly voice, then giggled. "Oooh, look at you, hottie. You ARE at full attention." She pressed my erection down and let it spring back into place inside my briefs. 

"Now let's try that again," she said, sliding my briefs off of me. She slid her top up over her hat and flung it on the bed. Pushing her breasts all the way up to her face, she said, in her girly little voice, "Atennnn-TION!" and giggled. "Look," she said, "I made my boobies stand up, and I made you stand up too!" 

The she slid off the 'BOOTY CAMP' boyshorts so she was completely naked except for the hat. "Show me just how straight you can stand up for me, sexy." I started jacking off, but she took my hands and put them behind my back. "I bet just the sight of me will make you stand up all the way straight." 

She wound her body downwards so her tits faced the floor, then jiggled them back and forth. My rod swelled even further. Then she bounced up, standing with perfect posture and saluted me, smiling as she touched the brim of her camo hat. She said "Atennnn-TION!" again, giggled again, then said, "Oooh, look at you, you big hard stud, you're saluting right back at me." 

She brushed a hand against my lower abs and lowered it past my package, sending shivers all through my body. She put a hand on my chest and whispered in my ear, "I want to feel you standing at attention inside me." 

With that, I picked her up and slid her lips onto my manhood, slowly. I held her by the waist and lowered her down the length of me, until she complleted the long journey down to my base. 

And just like she asked me to, I stood straight the fuck up at attention inside her. 

***

Princesa talked dirty to me the whole time, calling me "soldier," which was--and I don't know why--incredibly hot. After she came, she kissed me on the lips and purred, "Good job, soldier," smiling a banged-silly smile, eyes rolled back. 

"Now, she said, "are you ready for target practice? Yeah? Good. 'Cause my targets are both ready to get sprayed." I kept drilling her, watching her areolas in hypnotizing motion as they bounced around. 

"Ooohhh yeah, I love that, soldier, fuck me with that big cum-gun." I drilled her harder and she moaned. 

"Mmmm...my man's got a big cum-cannon between his legs. Oooh and it's soooo full. Mmmm, all the way full for me. Are you gonna fire all that cum like 'phew phew phew'?" She giggled.

"Mmmm...make you shoot right on my big bullseyes." She was pushing her breasts together with her arms so they overlapped, and teasing her nipples with her fingers. "Let me see you hit these targets, soldier. You gonna pull out and spray them? Yeah?"

I pulled out of her and stood on the floor--she kneeled on the bed so that her tits were level with my stiffy. 

"I'm gonna make you cum a bullseye!" Smiling wide, she bounced her watermelon breasts in her palms. "Make you go 'phew phew phew' all over these big pink parts of my boobies." I pumped myself hard enough to make my balls swing.

"Ready?" she said, still bouncing those melons in her cupped hands. I felt those first few anticipatory spasms coursing through my package.

"Aim." I lined the tip of my dick up with her huge areolas, feeling more anticipatory spasms, the rumble of my orgasm still building and building. 

"Fire!" she said in her girly little voice, throwing her hair back over her shoulders, and I followed through with her command, my long-building orgasm rushing out of my pole in rapid-fire shots. 

"Ooh yeah, hit those big bullseyes, sexy," she said, as I did just that. I was aiming and firing right at those massive pink ovals on her chest, covering them with liquid. Every time I sprayed one of her targets, she let out an "ooh!" at the moment when jizz hit skin. Princesa had a big smile on her face, and I'm sure I did too. It was ridiculously hot how she came up with sex games like this--the way she was responding to our "target practice" was so unbelievably slutty.

One of my shots missed the mark and I ended up jizzing on her cheek. "Uh oh," she said, "Misfire!" and giggled. I aimed my rod farther downwards and hit the mark with my next spray. "Oh, yeah," she said, looking down past her chin at it. "Nice shot, sexy sharpshooter." 

I moved in closer as my shots wound down and lost some propulsion, until eventually she was pressing her areolas right up to my cock and letting me empty my balls on them. I let out a long 'ahh' as I aimed downwards and emptied out on her. 

She looked up into my eyes as she sucked the wetness off of my tip. Then she purred, "Good job, soldier," and ran her hands over my abs. 

Bringing her hands back to her boobs, she pushed them out and held them like she was putting them on display. "Look at this big load," she said, smiling at me. I started rubbing the outsides of her boobs. There was more than enough room, just on the outer sections of her boobs, for our four hands--there was plenty of outer breast left uncovered, and I made sure to explore it all. Princesa kept looking down at her cum-covered nipples in awe, then back up at me with that same awestruck expression. 

"Wow," she said, "mission accomplished. Mission Cum All Over Princesa's Big Nipples!"

We kissed, then I said, after a big breath, "OK baby girl, that's one mission accomplished. What's next?"

She put her camo hat back on; now she was wearing nothing but the hat and a big load on her chest. 

"The next mission? Hmmm..." She rocked side to side and bit her lip as she play-thought about it. "The next mission is...Mission Bang Princesa's Cute Little Booty Until She Has a Booty Orgasm. And then after that, definitely Mission Cum On Princesa's Cute Bouncy Little Cheeks."

"And how about after that?"

"After that? Hmmm...then I think it's time for Mission Make Princesa a Protein Shake."

She was putting her 'BOOTY CAMP' boyshorts back on, jiggling her cheeks around as she pulled the panties over her cute ass. My next stiffy was already starting to swell. 

I could tell I was going to do just fine at Booty Camp.