 My name is Jake Camden, a 26-year-old former model from the University of Texas that is now in the real estate business in Texas. I work at a Century 21 real estate firm in Austin owned by a mother and daughter. The mother is Leslie Marshall, a pillar of the community in her late 60's that is on the verge of retiring. Her daughter, and co-owner of our firm, is Debra Marshall, a 36-year-old quasi-celebrity. I say quasi celebrity because from 1998 to 2002 she worked for World Wrestling Entertainment as a sexy diva that persuaded men with her sexy assets. I was a huge wrestling fan, and still am to an extent, so I knew of Debra. What I didn't know was that she seemed to despise men. 

Even though I never asked, I assumed it was because she was married to Steve McMichael, a former football player that was known to cheat her and also former wrestler Steve Austin, who four years ago in 2002 got charged for beating her. Also, in our office there are seven employees that work under Leslie and Debra. Four are women while the only men are a gay dude named Lance and a 60 something year old man Charlie that's been dating Leslie for about a decade. In 2003, with Leslie having money from her late husband's success as an oil salesman and Debra from settlements she got from her two marriages they took over this firm. In late 2005, when I was close to graduating, I read about how this office was struggling and that it might close down, so I figured I'd apply there. The first time I did, Debra interviewed me and was really cruel giving me her man hate attitude. Then I tried again, this time I was interviewed by Leslie, who is a very nice older woman, and I got the job starting in 2006. 

I started working for Debra and Leslie on January 9th, 2006. It was a bit of a drag because my girlfriend moved three hours away from me, so I only really saw her on weekends. It was hard working in an office with mostly females without acting on it. All the girls that worked there were nice to me and the two that I would consider dating respected that I had a girlfriend, so nothing ever happened. In my mind, though, I felt like ending the relationship with my girlfriend because the distance was a little too much. Then things changed on Valentine's Day, February 14th.

It's been 26 days since I got the job and since I got hired I've sold or leased 58 properties. Company profits for the month of January were up 80% and halfway through February we were on pace for profits of over 125% in that month. With this news also came the announcement that I'd won employee of the month for the second month in a row, despite the month being only half over. Everybody was happy for me because they knew how hard I worked and how much I wanted to be successful. The way the office was set up was there was a big open space with seven cubicles where we all had our own desks, computers and two chairs in a small space while Debra and Leslie had very large, spacious offices with top of the line desks, couches, computers and everything else. When the seven of us that work in the cubicles went to lunch that day together, one of them informed us that Leslie was planning on retiring soon and that Debra would be picking one of us as the successor. While most fired off one liners ripping on Debra being mean or whatever, I never really said anything because I felt that while she had never gone out of her way to be nice to me, she never was mean to me either. So I sat there silently most of the lunch. 

The day went by rather quickly. I was a little disappointed that I wouldn't be with my girlfriend that night because of the commute, but I had a busy day of work that day. I spent much of the afternoon on the phone closing two deals for condos that had been tough to rent. While most of my co-workers could barely close two deals per week, I was doing over two a day. Big office deals too. Not just small time stuff. I really worked hard to perfect my craft. It didn't hurt that I had good looks and a ripped body that I took care of. Often times I'd try to close deals on the phone, couldn't do it and then when I'd meet them in person people were more willing to make a deal. I never compromised the business, though. Never slept with a woman to cut a deal. Never did anything underhanded. 

Every day at the office was fun only because I got to look at Debra. Despite not being in wrestling, she kept in great shape and often wore short skirts to show off her impeccable legs. Debra looked so gorgeous on Valentine's Day. She had on a red business suit, the type she'd wear in WWE, with a very short skirt to accentuate her legs and ass, black heels and a buttoned up top covering her bra, which housed her world famous 36D sized breasts, also known as puppies. They were implants sure, but they turned me on big time. 

I left the office just before 6pm as the day ended (we work from 10-6 in real estate) with the intent of going to show a house to people for a couple hours. As I was about to leave the office out the front door, Debra called me into her office. 

"Got a second?" She asked. 

"Sure. What's up?"

"You going to show that house on Main Street right?" I nodded yes. "How long will you be?" She asked. 

"About an hour and a half, tops. Why?"

She explained, "I was going through the payroll since today is the 14th and tomorrow is pay day. I just got done looking at your output so far this month. I was hoping you could spare some time so I could talk to you about a bonus. You've definitely earned it."

"I guess I could stop by after I'm done, sure."

"Okay great, it probably won't be too long." She explained. "Just that nobody here has performed at such a level that they warranted a bonus before, so I wanted to talk to you about it. We can negotiate what's fair. Like I said, it won't take long and I know you probably have plans tonight for Valentine's with..."

"No," I interrupted. 

"I thought you had a girlfriend?" She wondered.

"I do, but she lives three hours away and since it's a Tuesday today we're going to hold off on that."

"I understand." She paused, then as if a lightbulb came on above her head she said something more. "Why don't you pick up some dinner when you get back here? I was going to get some myself, but since you'll be back here you might as well get it."

Intrigued by the offer, I let out a smile. "Sure. Italian sound good?" She said that's fine. 

"The front door will be locked soon when everybody gets out, so just knock on my back door here. One other thing, Jake. This won't just be a business meeting. It's after hours. Nothing is off limits." I smiled back at her, closed the door and had the biggest shit eating grin on my face. 

I admit that when I showed the house that night I didn't really focus on it. All I had on my mind was Debra and what an opportunity I had sitting in front of me. I picked up some fettuccini alfredo from an Italian restaurant, plus some salad and some water, then head back to the office at about 8:45pm. While I sat in the car waiting to go into her office, my cell phone rang. It was Debra. She asked where I was. I told her I was "almost there" just because I needed a moment before I went into the room. I asked her if she wanted me to get dessert, but she informed me that it was taken care of. She hung up, so then I called my girlfriend just to check in for the night and tell her I was going to the gym, then to bed and that I'd talk to her another time. I looked back into Debra's office from afar and noticed the blinds in one corner of her office weren't closed. I took a peek inside the room to see Debra looking at herself in the mirror touching up her lipstick. I also noticed her skirt and how it was up higher than normal, yet very reminiscent to how short she wore it when she was in WWE. I stopped looking into the room, then knocked on the door and she answered it. When I walked in, she made sure to lock the door and told me to have a seat the small table she set up in the corner of the room, which is where we'd be eating. I also noticed her closing the curtain that I was peeking into the room out of. I'm not sure if that meant she saw me or if she just noticed it now. 

The table we were eating on was very makeshift. It was just one of those ones you can pull out of the closet to set up. I had a seat across from her as she sat with her legs crossed. Those legs were fantastic. I felt like my heart skipped a beat just looking at them. As she was eating the fettuccini alfredo, a bit of the white sauce spilled from her mouth and landed on her leg, just above her knee. Ten seconds later, she didn't really notice it so I pointed it out. I sorta chuckled as I told her what it was because it sorta looked like cum and with the way my mind was working I certainly did think of that in that situation. She politely smiled, wiped it off and folded a napkin over her legs while uncrossing them. Soon after the business aspect of our talk was over and it got a little more personal.

"So tell me about this girlfriend of yours?" She wondered.

"We've been going out a few months. She's a nice girl. I don't know how serious it is or what kind of future it is, but we've had some fun."

"That's nice to hear. Obviously if it was really serious you'd be with her right now, right?" She asked.

"Maybe, maybe not. I don't know where our relationship is, but maybe since I'm not with her on a night like this it's a sign of something. Forget about me, what about you?"

"Ha, what about me?" She said with a smile. "I married Steve McMichael, we hated eachother for years, we took forever to come up with a settlement and when we divorced I was so fucking happy. Then I'm single again, I meet Steve Williams in WWE, it goes good for like two years and then that gets messed up too. Since then I haven't had a date. Haven't been with a man at all sexually and I'm sure some of the people in this office think I'm some sort of bitchy man hater or something."

"I won't lie to you, I've heard some say it. I'm not going to name anybody, but some of them think you're a little too rough in general." I informed her as I wondered if I made a mistake by saying this. 

"I'm not surprised," she conceded as she sipped on her bottled water. "I've become a tougher person because of the failures in my personal life. I still have a lot of goals and I try to accomplish them with a tough exterior. I'm not like my mother, though. She's angelic almost and nice to a fault. We don't always agree on stuff. Like you, for example. I didn't think you were qualified for this job, but I was wrong. I don't have a problem admitting when I'm wrong. I was wrong about you. You're the best employee I've ever had and you're an even better person."

As I took my last bit of fettuccini alfredo off my plate and she did hers, I could only say "thank you, I really appreciate that."

With dinner out of the way, we talked a little more business. She sat behind her desk and told me she wanted to talk to me about what kind of bonus I would receive. She told me that her mother wasn't aware that she was giving me a bonus, but that she was doing this because she felt I deserved it. 

"It's hard to put a dollar figure on how much you've meant to this company and to me personally." She continued, "Sometimes I wonder if we'd even have this company at this point if it weren't for you."

"I don't know about that, Debra. I'm sure you were doing fine and you'd be successful with or without me."

"It's not just about business, Jake. The people that work here like you. Every person that you've sold a property to has had something good to say about you. They call me and tell me. You've given us a reputation now and I'm very, very thankful for that. Maybe I should take lessons from you on how to be a better person," she suggested. "Maybe I am a bitch."

"Oh Debra, don't be so hard on yourself. You're smart, you're successful, you're beautiful and you really are nice," I assured her. "If anything, they're the bitches for disrespecting you like that."

"You're so sweet, Jake," she said while smiling at me. "I don't know how this is going to come across, but I was wondering if you wanted to dance with me."

"Right now? Here?" I asked. 

"Yes silly. It's Valentine's Day, I've always liked dancing and you've been so nice to me. If that's a problem then I can just..."

"No, no problem at all." I assured her. 

"Good," she told me. "There's a CD player over there. Just hit play. I think there's something adequate in there."

I walked over to the CD player in the corner of the room and hit play on the CD. I didn't really recognize the song, but it was some soft music that definitely was romantic. When I turned back around to see Debra she was standing in front of the desk with two of the four buttons on her top unbuttoned, which allowed me to see a lot of her wonderful breasts, which were being supported by a black bra. I was a bit taken aback by it. I wasn't about to complain. As I looked at her amazing body leaning against her desk, she told me to walk towards her. She immediately took off my coat, telling me she wanted me to be comfortable. 

"Are you comfortable?" She asked.

"Very."

"I am too. So, do you know how to dance?" She asked again.

"I can do okay," I replied. 

I walked in close to her, holding her hand with one hand and putting the other on her back. Then she quickly readjusted my hand, moving it down her body until it was on her ass. 

"How does that feel?" She asked of me. 

"Good. Very good."

While my hand was on her ass, hers was also on mine as she groped me. 

"Mmmm, you're in such good shape. I remember seeing you in those Hanes underwear ads. You filled out a pair of those bad boys very good." She put her head on my shoulder as we continued to dance a bit more. "When you watched me in the WWF did you like when I unbuttoned my top to show off my puppies?"

"Oh yeah. That was definitely my favorite time as a fan."

"Seems to me like we're big fans of eachother. Maybe we should do something about that."

"What did you have in mind?" I asked her, playing coy.

"Just this..."

She took her head off my shoulder and kissed me passionately on the lips. Her hand quickly moved from my ass up to my head as she brought me in close to her to kiss me some more. I moved down to her chest, kissing the top of her tits as she began to moan.

"Mmmmmm. Take me baby! Take me. On the desk. Fuck me on this desk!"

She turned around, then wiped off every damn thing off her desk! I was shocked. It was all gone, even the computer. She sat on the desk and took off her top completely. I took off my shirt. She pulled me close, then undid my belt and I slipped my pants off. I was sitting there in my Hanes as she got on her knees on the desk. I smiled at her, then unzipped her short skirt, slid off her panties and smiled as I glanced at her pussy. I started to rub it gently as she unclipped her bra with her hands and was now naked on the desk. I was about to take off my underwear when she stopped me.

"Let me," she said with a smile. 

She reached with her left hand for the front of my undies and squeezed my cock. I was rock hard by this point. With her hand she slipped down my undies, as I pulled them down my leg and left them on the ground. I joined her on the desk as she rubbed my dick. 

"Why don't you lay back and let me be the boss." She told me. I laid on my back as she mounted on top of me, rubbing and kissing my dick. "Is this the kind of bonus you wanted?"

"Hell yeah, baby. This is exactly what I wanted."

She kept teasing my dick with her mouth, but never taking it all in. Instead she moved her body back a bit so my dick was in between her tits.

"The puppies, they like you. They want you to fuck them." 

I leaned up the desk using my hands to support me as she kneeled over the desk so her tits were around my dick. I was really hard inside as she rubbed her massive breasts on my cock. Every so often she would take them out and lick my cock for a bit, then she'd put her tits back on my dick. It was a cock tease and I loved it. I did my best to keep my cock upright and hard for her as she moved her tits up and down on it. She kept moaning as I pushed hard in between her tits. Then she got to her feet again, climbing onto the desk as I slid back up a bit. 

"Fuck me, honey. Fuck me all night long!"

She positioned her pussy right over my dick with her knees on either side of me. When she sat down on top of my cock I could feel her body shake.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh. It's been soooooooo long. I need you. I need you now!"

She started to ride me fast as I went hard inside of her. She was rubbing her tits with her hands, but I wanted them. I kept reaching up for them. She laughed, then leaned down and I tilted my head up to take them into my mouth. I started sucking on them, licking them and rubbing my face into them.

"FUCK ME HARD! HARD!"

She extended her hands out, so I put mine out and we locked our hands while my mouth was still transfixed on her puppies. With her hands locked with mine I had more strength and I really pushed my cock inside of her. She moved her body in perfect motion with me while I took my mouth out of her tits for a second. She then leaned down with her head so we could make out some more while she rocked her body with mine. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm! MMMMMMMMMMMMM!" 

She couldn't talk because we were kissing so deeply. I positioned my hands on her back now, pulling her in close as she bounced up and down on my dick. She kept moaning and swearing the whole time.

"SHIT! OHHHHHHHHHHH! MORE! LIKE THAT!"

"I'm gonna cum," I told her. 

She nodded, assuring me it was alright, and I let loose of a load deep inside of her pussy. I could feel how wet she was in her pussy. Her body shook again as the cum kept flowing out of me. At the same time, her moans increased and I could feel her reaching her orgasm. 

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

She calmed her body after the last drops came from me and she put her head down onto my chest. 

"Stand up." She told me, while helping me to my feet. I stood off of the desk. 

She got on her knees on the desk while I stood there waiting for what she wanted me to do. 

"Get under me. Eat me. Now."

I liked when she gave me orders, so I obliged. She lifted her right leg up as I got under her on the desk with my mouth right at her pussy. She sat up vertically as I stuck my tongue in her pussy. I wiggled it around her clit while she moaned loudly.

"Oooooooooooooooooooooooo! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" 

I picked my head up off the desk a bit, sticking my tongue deep in her, licking all around, kissing it and sucking in all of her juices. As I continued, so did her moaning. 

"Uh huh. Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. Just...like...that." She was trying to keep her breath. "More! More! Ooooooooooooooooooooooo Godddddddddddddddddd!" 

I picked up the pace even more, bobbing up and down inside of her clit, my mouth fully in her pussy. 

"Stop! Please! Stop!" 

I could tell I was really pushing her, so I slowed down a bit and took my mouth out of her. 

"Now it's my turn," she said with a coy smile. "Get in the chair."

We each got off the desk as I sat back in her plush leather chair while she stood in front of me, naked and wet.

"So, is this part of my bonus?" I asked. 

"It's my favorite part, hon. All you gotta do is sit back and let me take you."

"I'm all yours...boss." I said back to her, smiling hugely. 

She got down on her knees in front of me, spreading my legs open. 

She really went to work on me, rubbing my balls with her right hand while her left stroked my cock. She liked to tease me I could tell because she didn't go fully down on me. She kept rubbing and rubbing. After thirty seconds or so, she dipped lower and wrapped her lips around my fully erect cock. She put her right hand on my stomach while her left was holding onto my right leg. She licked my head a few times, teasing me a bit more. Then she went up and down my shaft with her mouth, licking and sucking me while I stayed strong for her. She was aggressively sucking me, I didn't think she could go that hard, but she did it. I kept rocking my hips towards her mouth to let her take me all in. It must have lasted a solid five or six minutes of straight dick sucking. Then she took her mouth off of my cock and stood up in front of me. 
