 This is my true sensual story about one of my first visits to a "Gentleman's Club." If you're looking for raw sex, it's not here; but, if you want to a springboard for your erotic fantasy, then I'm happy to be of assistance. 

This is dedicated to Nate: "Thank you for reminding me to keep it real and for doubling my love circle."

**************

Her name is Shelby. She has long legs and curvy hips, plus full natural breasts. She makes you think she is dancing just for you.

I have been watching, enjoying the sights and thrills for about an hour now. My husband is sitting next to me, reminding me of the typical routine of how things "work" at a strip club. Then seemingly out of no where, she stepped on stage. My back arches, my breasts rise...instantly I'm wet. How did she do this to me? I whisper to Theo, "Her. I want her." He encourages me to go up and sit at the stage where I can get the best view. The closest view. He hands me numerous single dollars.

"I don't know. I'm nervous. Where do I put the dollars, I ask him?"

"You can put them in her g-string," he instructs from his obvious experience. 

I hesitate. I'm losing time because each stripper is only on stage for 2 songs at a time. So, I take a swig of 'reinforcement' beer and a deep breath while walking forward. I settle down, put my purse on the small bar-like table in front of me and take another swig. Why am I so nervous? I have been to a strip club Once or twice before with Theo. We found it to be erotic foreplay and couldn't wait to get home. Those first experiences lead to fantastic sex and therefore we definitely wanted to repeat them. But tonite is strangely different. Because... she's here, Shelby's here. Damn, she's gorgeous. 

Shelby sees me and flashes this heavenly smile. I melt. She's on all fours slowly writhing, grinding for all to enjoy in perfect time with the sensual beat. I'm perfectly happy that the DJ chose a slower melody for her to dance to on this set. I realize she's crawling towards me. Oh god, my heart races and I get wetter, soaking my new black lace panties. Shelby is just 3 feet away now. I think, if I reach out and lean over just a bit... so that my breasts would press into the metal bar encircling the stage...then I could touch her flesh. I realize, with a spark, that I WANT to feel how soft she is; but, of course I don't do it. I'm too damn shy, why am I so timid? I'm never this shy in my "day-life" but she has me all discombobulated. 

I turn toward Theo again and smile. I need him to give me moral support. He does so by smiling back. No, actually he is smirking at me, enjoying my discomfort. He takes a gulp of his beer to hide his forthcoming chuckle. Theo knows me all too well and knows how nervous I am, but also ho strangely excited too. He had lovingly watched me change my undergarments and clothes multiple times before deciding on one my final choice at home. He waves his hand at me flippantly, gesturing to me to go on and enjoy the sights, sounds, smells and maybe even the touch. I turn back around.

Shelby is right there. She slowly turns over with her legs spread wide and begins to girate. She is just inches away from me and I can even smell her musky sweet aroma. She is working hard so her skin glistens with sweat. My hand shakes as I lift it to place some some dollars next to her thigh flesh. I brush the skin and sigh as I register it's velvety softness.

Another smile curves at her lips, so sincere and genuine. Shelby moves her body so elegantly that it's mesmerizing. I don't even remember her moving and now I have to shake my head a bit to clear it because she's waiting for me to respond. She had asked me a question. Shelby realizes that I haven't heard her and says again, "I like your purse." Girl talk. Simple, easy. No pressure, so why can't I respond?

I make a quick smile and gulp before responding, "Thanks." Nothing else comes out. Really, is that all I've got? I take a deep breath and slowly place some dollars in her g-string around her hip. Her eyes drop and they land on my cleavage, which I'm Now glad that I've purposely displayed. She's still moving, changing, shifting...I notice a small splatter of freckles across her chest. It makes her more real to me for some strange reason. My chest is right at the metal barrier bar and her hand is now there too. She lifts her eyebrows and looks deep into me as if asking, "May I?"

I blush but lift my breasts slightly so they are within her reach and she does touch, actually squeezes. Electricity runs through me and out my toes. I sigh and she moves again. This time, gently caressing down my shoulder and arm while holding her hand over mine for a few more seconds. Brief moments, but they are powerful, wonderful. Shelby turns again but as she removes her hand it seems like she flicks her finger over my ring, my wedding band. She moves to the customer near me, always smiling while still seemingly connected to me through her, albeit less direct, stare.

I rise and dreamily stride over to Theo while sliding into a retro swivel chair. He smiles at me and asks if I'm having fun. I have barely started to answer when I feel her presence, her heat beside me. She leans over me but looks at Theo and asks him if she can give me a private lap dance. He eagerly nods his consent. Shelby grabs our hands, one in each of hers and leads us to a back room.

Entering the back room, she guides us to these makeshift loveseats with small wooden partitions between each one. Shelby gently pushes me into the soft cushions of one and motions for Theo to sit in another seat that's perpendicular to ours, for a good view. She then straddles her long, toned legs over me, sitting on my thighs. I shudder slightly. My hands grip the cushions. I'm so wet that I can feel it build in between my legs. 

The music builds as she moves her body near mine, less than an inch away. I can feel her heat radiate off of her skin. She leans in and whispers to me, "It's okay if you touch me. They don't mind the women touching." I place my hand on her thigh and slowly trace up her hip and rest it on her waist. Shelby is so smooth and full of luscious curves and now I'm even wetter. How could I be wetter? I recline into the cushions even further so that I nearly lying flat as if on a bed. Shelby moves above me, grinding into me while mimicking my hand movements on my body.

She has her face in front of mine, our eyes lock while her hair falls down and caresses my cheek. I can feel her hot breath as I watch her lick her lips. They are full and pouty with a glittery pink lipstick glistening them to a shine. My heart is racing and I am transfixed on her mouth. I take in a sudden gasp as I feel her caressing my breasts. She is slowly kneeding and pressing into them. I was torn by so many sensations when IT happened. Her mouth was on mine. The kiss is delicate at first but then I open my lips slightly and her tongue touches mine. This sweet, sweet kiss was unbelievably warm and wet. My response is deep, kissing back harder and with urgency. Her body didn't stop moving. She was grinding in slow circles now while pressing onto my body. 

I realize I'm purring with this erotic sound of pure pleasure. The intensity rises as I feel that intense sensation before an orgasm deep in your loins. I know I won't climax but this overwhelming sensation envelopes and consumes me. She looks into my soul with her green eyes. Slowly she is parting, the song is closing and I feel her pull away. I don't want this to end and she senses this as well, pressing her full body into mine onch more while asking me, "Was it good for you?" I nod my consent, my voice has left me again. She turns towards Theo and smiles a wide grin.

He stands to pay her and I watch their brief verbal exchange. I'm locked, unable to move as if floating above myself. Shelby drifts from the room and he walks over to me. Theo offers his hand to assist me in standing. My legs are like jello. I grasp hold of him and steady myself into his strong frame. I find my voice and ask him, "Did you see her kiss me?"

"What?! No Damn! Her hair must of been blocking my view. Fuck, I would have loved to see that!" He shook his head in obvious dismay. 

I rose to my tiptoes, placed my arms his neck and whispered, "Please take me home and fuck me until morning? " We were out the door within a minute...