 Scene One

I ring the doorbell. You must be upstairs, I think as I wait. You know it's me. You're expecting me. I try the knob and then enter through the door you have left unlocked. I walk slowly up the stairs and into the bedroom. You're sitting on the bed, but dressed; watching something on TV.

"Hi," I say with a smile as I walk over to the bed and bend to kiss you. "Please turn off the TV."

You look up surprised, but comply. 

"Now bring your office chair over here in the middle of the room." 

Now you look really confused. It is totally unlike me to come in and take charge of our time together like this. I sense that you know something is going on, but aren't quite sure what. You get up to move the chair. 

"Sit down in the chair and wait for me." 

You do as I request. You're clearly not sure of what is happening. 

"Here are the rules. You don't get to touch me unless I specifically ask you to. And yes, you will do anything and everything that I ask you to do. Talking is highly encouraged. Tell me what you like, what you want more of. Tell me what you want me to do – to myself and to you. Tell me what you want to do to me. The more you talk, the better it will be. Are you ready," I tease. "Oh yah, you're ready."

I walk slowly around the room turning off the lights, lighting the oil lamp and a few candles. The glow of the lamp and the candles cast shadows around the quiet room. I place a CD in the boom box. A hard driving beat fills the room and I begin to dance. I move my hips to the rhythm. It is strong and powerful, just like I am. You sit in silent wonderment at this crazed woman dancing wildly around the bedroom, just out of your reach. I dance around the room, free and uninhibited. The music is hot and I am hotter. My hips sway and gyrate to the rhythm. I shake my boobs and my ass. I am psyched.

Then for a moment there is silence before the sultry sounds of a very sexy, slow song fill the room. A deep sigh is heard. I stand close to you, looking deep into you eyes. 

"I am your private dancer. I'll do what you want me to do, but not for money, for the pure pleasure of our bodies together." 

I begin to move in time with the music; this time sensuously and seductively. As you watch, I slowly begin to strip, for you, only for you. 

There is a long silk scarf under the lapel of my jacket. I slide it off and across my face. I move closer to you and slide it across your face. It is soft and smooth and suggests the feel of my skin against yours. I drape the scarf around your neck.

Next, the zipper of my suit jacket slides down easily to reveal a lacy white blouse. I let the jacket fall to the floor. I begin to unbutton my blouse. My gaze never leaves you as I continue to move my hips in response to the music. The blouse falls open to reveal my lush, full breasts, confined by a lacy white bra. I move toward you and you reach out to touch me. 

"Uh, uh, not yet, remember? You'll get your turn," I whisper. 

My body is very close to yours now. Sometimes the soft lace of my bra rubs against your arm. I wonder if you can feel the heat of my body as it moves gracefully around yours. The music continues and so does my dance. I play with the scarf, alternately draping it over my body and then yours.

My hands move across my breasts, gripping each in a hand. My nipples are tight little points peeking through the lacy fabric. I gently slide my blouse off. It drops to the floor. My hands continue to move across my body; down each side of my hips and across my gently rounded tummy. Seductively I slide my skirt up revealing a glimpse of the tops of my stockings and garters. My hips gyrate sensuously in front of you. I can feel you watching as I reach behind to unzip my skirt. It falls to the floor and reveals a lacy white garter belt and stockings. I kick the clothes out of the way and move slowly toward you. 

I use the silk scarf across my body and yours. I use it to pull your face to mine. Occasionally I bend to kiss you. My tongue glides across the smoothness of your teeth. I suck on your lower lip. I run my fingers through your hair and trace the outline of your nose and cheekbones with my finger. My tongue grazes your ear, sliding along the outer edge. I blow softly and kiss gently. I can feel your body quiver. 

Stepping back slightly, I bury your face in the warm softness of my breasts. Your eyes are closed. I hope my image is imprinted on your mind. Your mouth reaches instinctively to suckle at my nipples. You are gentle, but insistent. My hands dance all over your body. You sigh deeply.

The music picks up a bit in tempo. 

I move away deliberately just out of your reach. My hips are moving in response to the music and to the touch of my hands. You watch mesmerized as I grab hold of each breast. I cup their fullness in each hand and massage with the firm, steady pressure that I prefer. I move each nipple between thumb and finger and squeeze. My breasts are completely out of the bra now so I reach behind and unhook it. I move forward and drape the bra over your face so that you can breath in the smell of me. I reach down and bend my head to take a nipple in my mouth. I suck hard and you see my teeth take the hard little point between them. 

My hips continue to respond to the music. I move my hands firmly over the front of my body. I trace patterns over my tummy and move each hand down my hips and across to the sweet spot between my legs. The silk scarf slides across my breasts and then between my legs. I reach up above me to run my hands through my own hair. It is thick and full and falls gently across my face. My fingers trail across my lips. My mouth opens. Gently my finger probes my mouth. I close my eyes, slowly sliding my finger around my lips and in and out of this warm, moist spot.

I open my eyes and gaze at you; drinking in your essence. I smile gently as I come toward you. Moving behind you, I lean into your back. My head and arms come across your shoulders from either side. I begin to unbutton your shirt. My hands are warm and gentle as they move across your chest. I reach down and take your nipples between my fingers. It is no surprise to me that they are as tight and hard as mine. I slip the shirt off your shoulders and run my hands all along the wonderful width of you broad shoulders and down the length of your arms. I take my time; absorbing each and every point of definition in your strong, sinewy arms and across your powerful chest. I push you forward slightly in the chair and brush my breasts against your back. I bend down and kiss the back of your neck gently tracing your spine with my tongue down its length. My hands continue to massage your arms and chest. Then you lean your head back and feel the soft pillow of my breasts. 

Slowly I move around you, brushing my body against you until I stand in front of you. I straddle your left thigh and place one stockinged foot on your right thigh. You watch as I move my fingers around the perimeter of my mouth and begin again to gently probe its depth. My head falls back as my mouth continues to suck on the fingers of one hand. I balance myself with one hand on your shoulder. When my wet fingers emerge from my mouth, I move them directly to

your mouth. Immediately you begin to suck. We're both imagining my mouth on your penis.

I feel your hand reach down between my legs. You look up into my face with a look of puzzlement on your face. Your fingers have encountered some foreign object that you were not expecting. 

"Uh, uh," I remind you. "Just wait."

I move again. With my backside to you, I wiggle out of my panties. I reach down to pick them up, turn quickly around and hold them under your nose. I hear you inhale deeply. The scent of me fills the space between us. I press your face again into my breasts and slowly lower myself to the floor. I lean back and raise my legs to rest on your thighs. I begin to finger my clitoris. As you watch in amazement, I slowly begin to slide a strand of black beads out of my vagina. With each tug, my hips buck and I moan. The pleasure of removing these beads, every so slowly from my vagina is exquisite. As the full strand appears, with one hand I bring it to my face to breath in the scent of me. My other hand has quickly filled the empty space. There is a kind of pleasure/pain that comes when the hollow of me that should be filled with you, is empty. My fingers fill the sweet spot between my legs. They slide easily into my vagina. It is so wet. I look up and can see the size and strength of your penis straining against your jeans. My fingers slowly move in and out of my vagina. You reach out to grab my arm; your eyes never leaving my crotch. I allow you to pull me up, but then back away. 

"Patience, patience. You'll get your turn," I say as my hands move yours away from my body. 

I drape the black beads around your neck and trail the strand across your lips. Your mouth opens and you begin to suck on the sweet beads. My fingers are dripping with that same sweet juice. I lean forward and trace the outline of your lips with my fingers. The beads fall around your neck as you open your mouth. I insert my fingers, letting you really savor the familiar sweetness of me. You gently suck on each finger. Your eyes never leave mine. You clearly are ready for this dance to be interactive.

You stand up and reach to pull me toward you. You open your mouth to me. I want to savor that sweet taste too. This time I don't resist your touch and our kiss is long and deep. Our mouths are locked together. Your hands move intently across my backside pulling my body to yours. Your tongue demands a response. I can feel the strength of your penis through the thick fabric of your jeans. I move my breasts against your bare chest and my hands move down working to finally unleash your throbbing penis. With my mouth never leaving yours, I unloose your belt and unzip your fly. Your pants open. Our kisses are deep. I can feel the heat off your body. I can feel how much you want me. I reach under the waistband of your BVD's and slide them off. You move our bodies in unison to step out of your pants.

