 Jody got more excited than the men she danced for sometimes, she was a flirt she loved the reactions she could extract from a man. Married or not old or young, did not matter she knew her stuff.

Jody had dance at Rudy's place for nearly 3 years now. When she looked back at herself when she first started she hardly recognized what she recalled. Naïve, bashful a virgin even. How had she ended up there was pure desperation. Being there now was a turn on for her.

Now at the ripe old age of 21 Jody was an experienced, skilled, high dollar tease. She thrived on it she depended on it. Each of Rudy's girls was special, hand picked by Rudy or his mother. They had an eye for making money therefore an eye for what helped it along. Rudy's mom saw the power tucked way inside of Jody she just knew there was a woman who could totally tame a man.

Each of the girls had a specialty area, one that really stood out for them. Jody's was the "private dance" the guy with the bucks in the dark room beside the lounge was her specialty. 

When Jody first started dancing she just could not get on the stage and let herself go like some of the girls could. She was there because she heard about the money to be made. She needed money real bad at the time. One of her brother's friends took her to meet Rudy. She never again left.

Rudy was good to the girls his mother was a bit rough at times but she had a great business sense. It worked best if Rudy handled the girls and mom handled the business but mom had an eye for the right girl.

Jody watched the girls dance that first night she loved it. She wanted to do that she imagined herself up there doing what they were only a step further that was Jody always one-step further.

Dancing was a passion of Jody's she loved the music dance and an audience. She had never had this kind of audience before, the mirror in her room was about all the experience she had with it. She could close her eyes and take herself far away anywhere she wanted to be. Doing anything she wanted to be doing. She could just tune the world out. That is how Terry her brother's friend found out about Jody's private dances. He stayed at the house one night, he woke up to music, the house was dark, and his friend was asleep. Terry got up and followed the music right to Jody's door. He knocked softly he got no response so he turned the doorknob and opened the door just enough to get a view of Jody as he had never seen her before.

She was wearing a white G-string; it glowed on her tan body. Jody had long silky dark hair nearly touching her waist. She had a small waist and long legs entrancing dark eyes. Terry had noticed her body before he could see it through a sweatshirt and jeans. He had never seen her like this before.

Jody swayed softly to the music, her eyes were closed her breasts bare and glistening in the light from the candles she had burning in her room. Jody was fantasizing about dancing for a group of men she knew she could turn them on that they would find her attractive she liked that thought. Jody danced like this many times before for many men even if it was only she in the room and a full-length mirror.

The music was sensual, slow with a rhythm that drew you into the room. Jody moved her hands along her body she stopped at her breasts and seemed to caress them so firmly moving them down and across her flat stomach. She seemed to be making love so sincerely to herself it was very exciting to Terry. She appeared to be completely absorbed in her dance she did not notice him standing there. As the song came to an end he quietly closed the door and went down the hall to the bed. He lay there still visualizing how beautiful she was, he was hard and could not seem to get it under control. He touched himself he held himself until sleep came and dreams of Jody.

Jody was an early riser she was up with the sun and in the kitchen reading the newspaper. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail and she wore her favorite floppy slippers and her big red Nebraska sweatshirt with her worn out blue shorts that her dad claimed were too short. She smiled big when she saw Terry come in the room. She looked so innocent so pure and cute in the sunlight. It was just that Terry kept getting flashes of another Jody, sexy sensual stimulating.

Jody did not date too much she seemed to be content at home or at a movie with girlfriends. Guys called for sure but she just did not have much interest. Jody did have an attraction to the female gender somewhat, but men would be okay too she guessed. Her only sexual experience with a man was some heavy petting in the back of a pickup truck in the woods once about a year ago. She had a couple casual relationships with a few women nothing serious.

Twenty-one and she did not know what she wanted to do with her life. She thought about teaching she loved children. At one time she considered dance school and ballet. Teaching involved time and schooling she just could not get her self into that. Ballet meant full time 100% commitment and no life except dancing if she could even get on with a company and make a living at it. She worked at a taxi service as a dispatcher, compliments of her dad. He had worked there for the other guy for nearly 28 years. 

Jody had three brothers none were more than laborers but her parents were proud of each of them. They were proud of her. Jody's mother never worked outside the home, she was the true life Marion Cunningham if there ever was one. 

After Jody's dad had a heart attack about a month after Terry saw her dancing in her room the family fell onto very hard times. Her brothers did their best they had families of their own to take care of too. Jody's extra shifts and long hours did not seem to be enough to hold it together. Terry often went to Rudy's, he would drink a few beers with the guys after work flirt with a few girls and go home alone. Terry did not think badly of the girls who worked for Rudy, he knew they made a lot of money and they enjoyed it for the most part.

Terry saw Jody walking home one night after work it was late and she walked a route that really was not to safe. He slowed down, came to a stop next to her smiled big and told her to hop in. Jody was glad to see him a familiar face a friend she was so tired. They sat in the driveway at Jody's house and talked for a long time. Jody found herself crying and falling apart on her friend. She just had enough.

Terry let her cry he let her talk he held her, he smoothed her hair with his hand, her tears fell hot on his neck the smell of her and the feel of her introduced a Jody to him he did not know but would like to. She talked about the house money her dad she said she did not know what was going to happen. Jody went into the house looking back once as she opened the door to see Terry in a way she had never saw him before as well.

She took a shower she lathered up with lots of exotic smells and silky oils, rubbing every inch of her body, it felt good and for a moment she imagined the hands so skillfully touching her to be those of Terry.

Aroused a little due to her fantasy when she stepped from her shower wet and shinning with oils she entered her room where her music was playing she closed her eyes and said out loud Terry this one is for you. She started to dance. She moved gracefully moving her body perfectly she spoke his name softly over and over again.

Terry saw her once in a while he made it a point to be driving home around the time she would be walking. She looked so tired and frail. After dropping her off Terry drove to Rudy's and sat down at the bar. He drank his beer he watched the girls but all he saw was Jody.

Rudy sat down beside Terry made small talk joked around a little. They watched the girls. Rudy asked him which one he liked the best Terry smiled and said Jody. "Who" Rudy asked Terry realized what he had said and laughed. He told Rudy about her, told him how beautiful and sensuous she is. He told Rudy he had seen her dance, told him about the private dance and how he could not get it out of his head. They began to talk about money and taxes all the guy things. Terry asked how much a girl could make dancing there. Rudy told him he paid the girls $75 a night and they kept all the tips. He told Terry the good ones could easily make $500 or more a night.

The next time Terry and Jody talked, he wondered if he should even mention such a thing to her. He would have to tell her what he saw. He was not sure how she would react to that. Money came up again Terry decided to tell her about Rudy and the club. He did not tell her about seeing her dance.

Her response was almost laughter, she told him she did not think she could ever do that but the money was tempting enough to think about it. Even the $75 and never get to come back would help a lot. Jody just seemed to shrug it off

Jody lie in bed thinking about Rudy and his club the girls and the money.

She had to laugh to herself when she wondered if ballet and a pair of ballet slippers would earn her much. 

After a few more weeks of grueling hours and no rest she thought about Rudy's again. When she walked home that night she cut over a couple blocks and as she grew closer to Rudy's she could see the sign and the dim lights, a little closer she could her the music and voices inside. She began to wonder if she couldn't do that too.

Many nights after that Jody changed her route and walked that way just to see and hear the action at Rudy's. This night as she walked by she saw Terry's truck in the parking lot, thought it would be a great excuse to use to go inside and see what was going on. Ten or fifteen minutes of debate by the door and a lot of uncertainty later she opened the door.

The smell of smoke and liquor filled the room. The low chatter and laughter of voices could be heard. No music was playing at the time. The room was full. There was a lot of men and several women there that surprised Jody for some reason. She looked around the room for Terry she was about to leave when she saw him. He was sitting at a table, several beer bottles around him, he sat there alone he looked so sad. She did not know if she should go over there, perhaps he was with a date. No one came to his table so she walked that way.

He could smell her and sense her before she even spoke. Saying her name he looked up and saw her. He wondered why she was there but was so happy to see her he did not ask.

Rudy came by the table, he said to Terry that had to be Jody. She was taken back by that, she had no idea who he was how would he know her? Terry smiled and introduced Jody to Rudy. Jody held out her long arm and sleek hand and fingers and put it in Rudy's hand. From across the room Rudy's mother spotted Jody, immediately thinking how beautiful she was and hoping she was there to see about a job. Walking over to the table she introduced herself, she told Terry it had been a while but she was glad to see him.

She wanted to know who that beautiful woman was and how much she wanted. Jody was not sure what the woman was talking about for sure but she said she was pretty expensive but worth it. Rudy and mom smiled and said they bet she was and said if you can dance how about $125 a night plus tips.

Jody realizing it was not a joke was speechless. She told them she had stopped in because of Terry's truck in the parking lot and was not there for a job. Pity Rudy thought, you could make a lot of money for both of us. Jody smiled at him as he walked away with his mother going into a room in the back.

Jody and Terry joked some about the comment. Then Terry wanted to know why she was there. She told him about walking that way sometimes just so she could see the building, she told him she had been intrigued since he told her about the place the girls and the money. She told him she was not shy at a ballet or a play but mostly naked on a stage in front of a bunch of men she did not know about that.

Together they sat watched each girl, Jody thought to her self she was that good or better, she imagined what she would be doing up there if it were her. Thinking out loud she said I am better than that. Terry responded, "I know that." She wondered how he would know. She said nothing about it.

They both had a bit much to drink, Jody was feeling good, the lack of sleep and the screaming orgasms she drank mellowed her and she loosened up more than Terry had ever seen.

There was hardly anyone left in the place, she noticed that she and Terry were the only ones at the tables and only two men at the bar. It was late she thought, and she did not want to be kicked out so she asked if they should be leaving. Terry was feeling no pain he was so attracted to Jody anyway that it was a volatile combination. He said they would go soon but he wanted her to dance for him. Bold with alcohol she laughed and said she would, she yelled for music.

Jody forgot there was anyone in the room but Terry, did not take long after the music started for her to not see him either. The room was darkened, it was quiet and the music filled the air. Jody imagined herself in her room. She imagined herself dancing for Terry she was going to act out a dream.

Jody had on a blouse that was tight across her breasts it buttoned in the front and was short, right about her waistband on her jeans. The pink color in the fluorescent lights was stunning she seemed to swell in the blouse, forcing her way out of it. He watched as her eyes closed and she began to move. She became one with the music he could tell she really loved the music. She pictured the mirror in front of her as she had so many times before. She slowly undid one button then another until there were no more too un-due. Jody had on a pink satin bra, the push up kind the fit was so that it barley contained her. She was beautiful. He watched her as the blouse slipped off of her tanned shoulders and fell to the floor. She could only hear the music.

The two men at the bar Rudy and his mother and Terry watched as Jody entranced each of them with her grace. Jody reached her hand inside her jeans she touched herself through her panties. Her hips moved with the beat slow and timed just right. Jody took her hand from her pants and put one finger then two on to her lips, she licked the moistness tasting it she liked the way it felt and the way she smelled. 

Slowly she unbuttoned her jeans, working them down to her hips Terry could see her pink silk panties they were cut low and he admired her soft smooth stomach he wanted to touch her but did not dare. He did not want to bring her out of this trance. Jody teasingly stepped out of her jeans kicking them aside her hair glistened in this light moved lightly with her moving with the breezes from the fan.

Jody walked closer to Terry, placing herself behind him, her hair fell across his shoulders he could smell her feel her breath on him. He felt the silk brush across his neck her firmness was evident. Jody again touched herself pushing aside her panties and rubbing her hand firmly against her pussy until her hand was wet and slick with her juice. Jody put her hand gently to Terry's mouth she whispered in his ear how badly she wanted him to kiss her hand to taste her. Terry moved his tongue across her fingers slowly tasting her this made him want her more.

She slowly walked around to the front of him, she turned her back to him she sat on his knees, grinding moving she leaned back against his chest, laying her head beside his, she moved her hips back and forth across his lap she moved very slowly and she loved to tease. Jody reached behind she undid her bra she dropped it to the floor. Terry wanted her to turn so he could see her she knew that so she didn't. Jody sat there on his lap, she seemed to explore him without her hands she could feel his muscles tense she could feel the slight movement in his hips, this excited her even more.

Jody massaged her tits, she circled her nipples with her wet finger she moaned and made little sounds that echoed in Terry's ears. She could masturbate him just by moving her body. Jody turned around facing him for the first time; she saw her beautiful firm breasts her nipples red and swollen she looked as if she were experiencing ecstasy and pleasures all within herself. She pressed her tits against Terry's face, they were damp and soft they were perfect.

Jody slowly unbuttoned each of Terry's buttons, exposing his bare chest it was the first time she had seen it. She liked what she saw. Jody straddled the chair, her long legs could move her close, she wrapped her legs around the back of the chair, moving her wet pussy around and around on his chest. She was speaking softly under her breath to her self. She was saying what she wanted to do with him. Terry saw her tongue sweep across her lips her eyes looked at his now, she seemed to be looking into his soul. Jody lay back, moving her legs to his shoulders rubbing her body on his, her shoulders rested against his groin she could feel the life there this too excited her.

Jody sat back up facing him once more she moved her tongue across his mouth, sucking his lip biting softly. She was so totally into the music now, she worked him expertly. She got on her knees pressing herself against him teasing him, she put her hands on his chest, carefully touching him, she squeezed his nipples gently then hard sending a pain through him he let out a groan. She worked her tongue from his chest, to his belly, she darted her tongue in and out just inside his waistband. She bite down on him through his jeans, his bulge was huge and throbbing. 

The music ended as she got to her feet, she stood there in front of him she was like a goddess he knew he loved her. The few people in the room clapped and whistled she had really put on the show. This is when Jody realized once again they were not alone, she was a little embarrassed but thanked them the same.

Rudy and his mother walked to the little table in the corner and sat down. Jody was impressive they told her about the money she could make, and if she could make it look like she enjoyed it like she just did she would do very well. 

That weekend Jody showed up for work at Rudy's she was scared she was having second thoughts for sure. The music started she closed her eyes and moved with the music. She was good but she was not the same as the last week at the little table. Jody told them that night she enjoyed dancing but it was hard to just stand there and dance she had to get into it with someone. She did not think she could for anyone beside Terry.

With some time and practice Jody could fantasize about Terry, she could feel him smell him taste him on the stage while all alone. She drew the crowds she could mesmerize the men she was incredibly exotic and sexy. She was good on the stage but where she stood out and shined was private dances. She could lead him to the little room beside the lounge turn on the music close her eyes and when Terry came into view she could take that man places he had never been without even leaving the chair.

She and Terry were never apart much after that. He was so hooked on Jody she was all he needed, they seemed to fill the void in one another's lives they grew closer each day.

Terry went to the club often after work, he watched Jody dance he knew she was dancing for him. They saw no one but each other they spoke a language with their eyes that let them know there was no one else.

Jody drove him crazy, she was so sexy so full of confidence and she was the most sensual woman he had ever known. She did private dances for him often. She loved to tease him. He had never been able to touch her, club rules applied even after hours. She did not think about women very much anymore she loved Terry. 

He wanted to make love to her so badly, when she danced for him he just wanted to fuck her, or for her to fuck him something it was driving him crazy. Soon Jody would tell him, when we are married we will make love. She told him she makes love to him every night, and one day it would be without clothes, close and with an unbreakable bond. Until then he would have to let her love him with private dances.
