  (An erotic outdoor voyeuristic tease)

*

It began like every other Friday. I awoke early, kick started my day with a couple cups of strong coffee, browsed the regular internet sites, shaved, showered, dressed and wished my darling goodbye with her morning cup of tea. Suddenly, she wrapped her arms around my neck, and pulling me close whispered

"Have a gooodd morning and I'll see to you this afternoon." Suggestively brushing my manhood as I stood. 

She closed her eyes and I wondered if I'd somehow disturbed her mid dream or if it were I who was dreaming. 

Intrigued, I drove the 45 minutes to work, pondering upon the brief encounter and what, if any, meaning lay beneath it. Around 8.00 I phoned her -- she gave no indication of anything special happening as we discussed the usual mundane and exchanged pleasantries, so I settled down, concentrating on the business at hand -- but in the back of my mind............ hope springs eternal!

It was exactly 11.30 when the internet hotline rang and I noticed my darling had the webcam turned on. I answered with a cheery greeting and noticed there was no one in front of the webcam.

"Are you alone?" was her curt greeting 

"Yes." I replied. 

"Then you might like to maximize your screen. I'm just trying on some clothes and wanted your opinion." 

As she sauntered into view I could see she was wearing a little bandeau top and a long sarong style skirt. Placing her leg upon the chair, the split in the sarong revealing a smooth shapely leg, then as she bent forward to adjust the camera she enquired,  

"Is this top too tight?" 

Now, just thinking of her pert breasts and nipples causes me instant genital disquiet, but thrusting her unencumbered (apart from the bandeau top) chest onto my computer screen resulted in such a blood rush -- instant erection! It was obvious that nothing was under her top as her glorious nipples strained proudly against the body-hugging top. My dumbfounded silence was obviously her queue as she giggled slightly, took a few steps back, turned away and said 

"I can't decide between the shorts or the skirt to wear with it." 

She then unwrapped the skirt, revealing just the string of her tiny black thong separating her delectable globes. By this stage I was busily undoing my fly in an effort to relieve the pressure on my now pulsating engorgement. As I watched, she wiggled provocatively as she pulled up the obviously tight fitting shorts and turned back to face the camera. Sashaying forward, she again bent to adjust the camera -- this time the focus was on her wicked camel toe as she pulled the shorts ever tighter. 

"What do you think?" 

By this time my free hand was busily taking care of my thoughts! 

"Oh!" she said in mocked disappointment 

"I was hoping for some reaction -- even get a little rise out of you." 

She then turned away and left the room. 

" I was thinking, its such a nice day -- why don't we go to that quiet little beach -- have a picnic -- and get a little sun on our bodies. O.K.? I'll meet you at the turn off -- hope you'll be up for it. Love you. Bye."

Momentarily stunned, since my darling, although recently becoming more adventurous, had rarely taken the initiative in our little sexcapades -- but I was certainly not about to complain. I quickly shut down the computer and the office and jumped in the car heading for our rendezvous. All the way my thoughts ran wild which made driving with a semi-erection slightly uncomfortable, albeit pleasurable.

After a ½ hours drive I arrived at the turn off to the secluded beach. My darling had already arrived and was waiting patiently in her car. Anxiously, I walked over to her.

The sight that greeted me was a pure voyeuristic delight. My darling had her hair pulled back into a tight bun, she wore little make up apart from eyeliner and bright red lipstick -- accentuating her dark eyes and luscious lips. Around her neck hung a swarovski crystal, part of the nipple jewellery I had bought for her birthday. 

The silver chain ends of her necklace disappeared provocatively into the tiny dark blue triangular tops of her string bikini. Worn daringly low on her hips were the tiniest pair of tight gold coloured shorts with laced up sides through which I could just make out the blue string of her bikini. The shorts were so tight that the outline of her luscious vulva was clearly visible. 

"Hi!" She said as my gaze retraced the amazing sight before me. 

"Does this meet with your approval?" 

Thrusting her shoulders back and her chest forward she reached out the window, gently rubbed my raging erection and said, 

"Do you like my top?" 

At the same time she reached behind her with her free hand and unfastened the string holding the tiny triangles barely covering her nipples. 

"Isn't this jewellery great?" 

She said as the covering fell away revealing the ends of the chains secured to her nipples. 

"Lets hit the beach." 

And with that she fired up the car and headed off down the dirt track towards the beach.

Left standing beside a busy highway where this amazing scenario had played out, sporting a rock hard erection, I must have been an almost comical sight. I quickly made my way back to the car and followed the trail of dust up the dirt track. My darling was waiting at the fork in the road where the track to the beach veered off from the track to the camping area. She turned along the beach track and I followed noting that she had not refastened the string around her neck and was happily driving with her 'top down'. -- Very sporting! 

We arrived at the beach parking area and found it deserted, meaning, I hoped, that we would have the beach all to ourselves. I pulled alongside my darling, locked my car and walked over to her. She was retying the string to her top and she told me to get the things from the boot. I found two large picnic baskets in the boot and dutifully picked them up just as she appeared beside me. The true beauty of her minimal attire now on full view, she greeted me with a little kiss on the cheek.

"Now lets see if you've got everything." "Oh! You forgot these." 

She said, retrieving a pair of my shorts from the boot. 

"I brought these for you to wear." 

"They wouldn't fit in the baskets." 

Reaching down to caress my raging erection and slowly undoing the zipper containing it she said, 

"I think I know somewhere we can hang them."

With that she unleashed me and gently draped the shorts over my exposure. 

"Now follow me -- and don't drop anything."

Watching her walk in her healed sandals and crotch hugging micro-shorts, the only things I was in danger of dropping were the picnic baskets I held in each hand. After about a 50m walk we arrived at the golden sands of our secluded beach -- my darling paused -- and bending from the waist, removed her sandals. As she did so my shorts literally rose a few inches -- what an inviting sight!

Glancing over her shoulder, a cheeky smile spread over her beautiful face as we both became aware of my predicament -- as I emerged from the cover of the coastal undergrowth onto the naked sand -- a picnic basket in either hand and a pair of shorts draped over my stiff and now aching cock. 

"You look a little awkward -- would you like to get more comfortable before we go any further? Just get changed if you like."

I put the bags down and removed my shoes, socks, shirt and trousers. I was about to put the shorts on over my underwear when my darling interrupted, 

"No! Take it all off -- and put your clothes in the empty basket -- here."

(No room for the shorts - huh!) 

"Now drape those shorts back over that peg and follow me!" 

My shy angel had taken control and was fulfilling my fantasy. I dutifully complied and followed my darling as she proudly pranced towards the northern end of the beach. What a sight for any casual onlooker -- an almost naked nymph, proudly strutting along the beach, followed by her naked man carrying a basket in each hand with cotton shorts draped over an engorged erection.

Finding a small alcove-like depression in the sand, my darling turned to me -- again with a wry smile on her face. 

"This will do nicely -- spread out our towels and you can put your shorts on now." 

"You will find a nice cool drink for me in the basket and something to eat -- you can serve it now!" 

I quickly spread the towels, served her a cool drink and the prepared food and put on the light blue coloured shorts. Meanwhile she seductively removed her shorts revealing the third triangle of her bikini, which exposed the reason her luscious vulva was so prominent beneath her shorts. This tiny third triangle neatly covered her trimmed pubis with the bottom of the triangle just covering her clit, the attaching string then separating her nether lips causing them to protrude. As I wore no underwear my throbbing erection now obscenely tented my shorts while the vision before me caused copious quantities of pre cum to clearly stain my light coloured shorts.

As we sat on our towels enjoying our picnic my darling, almost nonchalantly, stroked my cock through my shorts. 

"Isn't this wonderful, just you and I. There's only one thing wrong -- I want your shorts to match my dark blue bikini -- but I couldn't find any dark blue shorts -- but it looks like your fixing that. Lets see how much we can change the colour before we leave. O.K." 

"Now I'm going to lie down and I want you to put plenty of sunscreen on me -- especially the parts which aren't normally exposed." 

She then lay on her stomach while I applied the sunscreen, willingly paying particular attention to the places usually hidden from view. As I rubbed her heart shaped rear I felt her lifting off the towel, pressing into my hands as little moans escaped her lips. I traced the string between her cheeks and massaged her inner thighs and her breathing and moaning became louder. Suddenly she rolled over after quickly untying the strings holding the top of her bikini. She lay before me with only a tiny piece of material covering her pubis and nipple chains on her breasts. Removing the chains slowly, she looked into my eyes, 

"Time for your dessert." 

I began immediately to suck her left breast whilst teasing and pinching her right nipple, then alternating my attentions -- mouth, hands -- hands mouth, enveloping her with my carnal lust My darling's moans became more vigorous and her breathing more ragged. This stimulation soon elicited a mini-orgasm from my darling until she quietened, temporarily satisfied. I, however, was harder than ever -- this tease, almost painful -- but gratifyingly pleasurable. 

After a short rest, my darling sat up and informed me that she would apply the rest of the sunscreen herself and that I should go and find her some pretty sea shells -- making sure to maintain my erection and to display myself in profile for her. She loves to be able to see the effect she has proudly on display. 

Embarrassed, yet strangely aroused, by my predicament I began to search the nearby sand for shells glancing back to witness her applying the lotion to her beautiful body. She seemed to be paying particular attention to her breasts and then her inner thighs, which ensured that my state was unflagging. After applying the lotion she retied her top and waived me back. She lay on her back with her legs bent and slightly apart. 

"Sit here so I can feel you while the sun caresses my body." 

She closed her eyes and gently stroked my cock, eliciting even more pre-cum as my eyes feasted upon her beauty. This went on for some time and whenever I was about to lose my load she somehow, as if by instinct, would suddenly stop stroking -- saying dreamily, 

"Not yet -- my lover - maybe tonight!" 

My sweet, sweet darling -- teasing, denying -- fulfilling my fantasy - Satiating my voyeurism with her own exhibitionism. A dream in a deserted paradise.

After what seemed like an interminable period of endless tease my darling sat up and said that we should go for a quick swim in the cool clear water before we left. We walked to the surf hand in hand, the coolness of the water making her nipples almost as hard and erect as the cock straining the wet patch in my shorts. We swam for a little in the clear waters of the Pacific Ocean all the while my darling was rubbing against me or just rubbing me -- purposely ensuring I remained rigid to parade back up the beach out of the water. As we left the surf, my darling reached inside my shorts and took a firm hold of my manhood,

"Cum with me!" she commanded. 

As she headed up the beach with me literally in tow, the humiliation was almost too great -- I was on the verge of exploding. Suddenly she paused, spun me around to face the surf, ripped off my shorts and said, 

"Now the're the same colour." 

Stroking me from behind ever so slowly whilst I stood naked on the shore gazing out to sea, she said, 

"What do you want more than anything?" 

"TO CUM!" I cried.

Moving round in front of me she placed her hand in the middle of my chest, pushed me to the sand then, standing over me, stripped naked apart from her nipple jewellery, turned to face the surf, and mounted me. As her sweet pussy engulfed me I could wait no longer and immediately exploded for what seemed an eternity. She continued to ride my aching erection until she too had a shuddering orgasm.

A magnificent climax to a magnificent afternoon!