 Note: Both the male and female in this story are over the age of 18. And once again, feel free to leave a comment and thanks for reading! I hope you enjoy. Also: Yes, this is the same Judd and Shanna from my Jail Break story. 

*

"Judd, why won't you just tell me where we're going?"

"Cause it would take all the fun out of the surprise. Don't worry, you'll love it."

Shana sighed and shook her head, knowing how stubborn Judd was. After loading all of their stuff, she got into his jeep and he began driving. Now, maybe it's from when she was a baby, but being in a moving vehicle always put her to sleep. As her eyes kept trying to droop shut, Judd chuckled. "Baby, just go to sleep if you want. It's gonna take a few hours to get there."

Shana nodded already laying her head against the headrest. "Ok..."

Within minutes she was fast asleep, the smooth motion of the car acting as a lullaby. However, as it normally did, her mind took a detour through all the thoughts in her mind, settling on Judd. The dream she had been having the night before was catching up with her. She and Judd were laying on his bed, just cuddling. But, Judd seemed to want more so he began nibbling on her ear and whispering sweet nothings. Shana shuddered from the sensation and Judd took it as a sign to take things further. He put his lips to her neck, trailing quick kisses up and down the smooth surface. The mixture of his hot breath and skilled tongue was slowly making Shana tremble. She grabbed his face and kissed him with everything she had. He grabbed her closer and shoved his tongue into her mouth, then spent a few minutes exploring while his hands rubbed her curves. It didn't take long for them to be naked and for Judd to have Shana under him. He played with her nipples, rubbing and twisting them until Shana was so wet she couldn't stand it. Judd readied himself but before the dream could go any further, the jeep jerked and she snapped awake. She looked around confused for a moment before Judd spoke up. "Sorry baby, didn't mean to wake you up. This road is full of potholes."

Shana yawned stretched, then relaxed in her seat again. "It's ok...how long was I out?"

"Oh about an hour. We got another hour and a half to go. Just a warning though, these potholes are gonna stick around for a while."

Shana was about to reassure Judd that she would be fine but the jeep's jerks were starting to get to her. The dream had made her wetter than she thought and all the movements were starting to drive her up the wall. The car's bumps, the road's constant roughness, and the tight seam of her jeans. She squirmed a little in her seat against the tingling growing in her lower stomach. Much more of this, and they were going to have to make a pit stop. Luckily, Judd didn't notice-he'd just make it worse knowing him. But, about fifteen minutes later, an extremely deep pothole racked the jeep and Shana let out a whimper of desperation. Judd looked over at her, grinned, then turned back to the road. "I know that sound. You're horny aren't you?"

Shana glared out the window and said through clenched teeth. "Shut up. You're not helping..."

"Who said I wanted to help?"

Shana was becoming wetter by the minute and the urges were quickly making her insane. "If you make me any worse than I am right now, we're gonna get pulled over for having sex in your car!"

Judd laughed and Shana felt like killing him for being so calm right now. "Don't worry babe we're almost there. Just thirty more minutes-" His voice dropped to a low level and every word he spoke dripped with seduction. "And trust me, it'll be well worth the wait..."

Shana moaned again and closed her legs together tight. Nothing was helping and all she could think about was how long it had been since she and Judd has last made love. Her schedule at Hooters was crazy busy, giving her almost no free time and Judd had been at a family reunion in Florida. For the first time in several weeks, it would be just the two of them. Just thinking about what they're going to be doing was enough to make her toes curl. "Judd, how can you be so calm and collected right now?"

He laughed again. "For one, the potholes aren't affecting me. And two, I'm the one that planned this getaway."

"I hate it when you make sense."

"Love you too Shana."

She just rolled her eyes and tried to pay attention to the scenery. But really her hormones were on overload. Because of her high state of arousal, her nipples were tight and rubbing against her bra. Thus causing her to feel even more wet and the jeep's bumps to affect her even more. She squirmed a little more but no position seemed to be comfortable. After a few more minutes, she felt like screaming when Judd stopped the jeep and said the most beautiful words she had ever heard. "We're here! You go on inside and I'll get the bags."

As Shana stepped out of the jeep, her legs felt weak but somehow she managed to walk. Even through her daze, however, she noticed how gorgeous the cabin was. It looked like a handmade, wood cabin that overlooked a stunning lake. It actually took her breath away so she went inside for further exploration. Walking in, she saw a living room, kitchen, and a hallway that led to the bedrooms. She was so busy looking, she didn't notice Judd come up behind her until he gently squeezed her hips and whispered into her ear "Hungry? Cause I don't mind waiting..."

Shana turned to gaze him in the eye, her breathing ragged with pent up frustration. "If you don't take me to that bedroom in the next second, I will get myself off."

Judd grinned, swooped her up, and dashed to the bedroom. He laid her on the bed, laid down next to her and immediately began kissing her. Tongues battled for dominance while Judd's rough hand slithered up Shana's shirt to tease her nipple. The young woman arched her back and moaned loudly into the kiss causing the connection to break. For the first time that day, Judd's eyes looked dark. Shana smiled and put a hickey on his Adams apple, causing him to groan. "Come on Judd...why are you making me wait? Just give in to what you want..."

Judd chuckled and ran his hands down Shana's back, stopping to play with her magic spot. It caused her to twitch and shudder. Her boyfriend loved to torment her. "Did you really think I was gonna give in that easily? Why do you think I took that back road anyway? It was to get you ready..."

Judd's voice was so seductive Shana almost didn't realize what he said until it sunk in. Her eyes cast a glare at him and she smacked him arm. "You took that road on purpose!? It was hell!"

"I know...this is going to be the best night of your life."

Something snapped inside Shana. She growled, pushed Judd down on the bed, and slammed her lips onto his. She kissed him with as much fire as she could muster and settled her breasts onto his chest. She was quite curvy and it was something Judd never seemed to get enough of. But, just as he was about to force her closer, she slipped out of his arms and stood next to the bed. Judd cocked an eyebrow her direction. "What are you doing babe?"

"Two can play this game...remember that little outfit I said I was bringing? Well, guess what I'm wearing right now..."

Judd's face lit up and he propped himself up against the pillows. There was a prominent lump in his jeans which he didn't bother hiding. "Well then go on honey, give me a show."

Shana grinned, reached into her pocket, pulled out her iPod, and put on a song. A few seconds in, Judd realized it was the song Bottoms Up by Trey Songz. As the music played, she sensually swayed her hips. "All those moves Krissy knows, she picked them up from me."

She rocked her body in ways Judd had never seen before. Moved her hips, dropped it low, and all while slowly stripping off her shirt. Underneath was a black bikini top with white, frilly sleeves and cleavage that seemed to go on for miles. Shana continued to dance until Judd looked like he was about to snap. " Aren't the jeans going to come off?"

Shana giggled cutely as the song ended then reached for the zipper of her pants. "Just wanted to make you feel as desperate as me."

After that comment, she finally shed her jeans, revealing a matching skirt, that was just long enough to cover her bare, soaking wet pussy. The whole outfit resembled a sexy maid outfit. Judd's eyes went from playful to shock as he gawked. "No way..."

Shanna twirled a strand of hair and leaned against the wall. "I remember that fantasy you told me a few weeks ago...so come and get me, I'm your little maid, at your service..."

Just as Shana expected, Judd resistance faded but what she didn't expect was how quickly he'd spring into action. Within seconds, he was naked and had her pushed against the wall. As he wrapped her legs around his waist, she gasped from his force. "Baby, the bed is right there."

"It's too far. I'm taking you right here...right now."

Them, without warning, his throbbing erection shoved into her warm pussy, causing her scream out and begin bucking her hips. Judd groaned and pounded his girlfriend as hard as he could, without fines. His internal animal coming out with a vengeance. Shana was being repeatedly slammed against the wall but she could care less. Her moans were growing louder with each shove and they were loving it. "Oh God Judd! Yes!"

"Yeah that's it...Oh Shana!"

The sounds of moaning and skin slapping against skin bounced off the walls. It was a damn good thing there were no neighbors. As if their lovemaking wasn't intense enough, Judd reached down to tug at Shana's nipple. His teeth bit down painfully hard but it only served to turn the woman on more. She screamed and began bucking even harder, gripping Judd's ass for dear life. However, all her pent up urges from the car were starting to catch up with her as her inner walls began clenching. Judd sensed that she was close so he gripped her hips even tighter while giving it all he had. Shana kept moaning as loud as she could, her nails cutting into his back, leaving red claw marks. He growled at the movement and became close himself. Shana continued clawing his back as she screamed out "I'm ahh! I'm close...don't stop!"

"I'm close too! Oooooh!"

Pretty soon Shana couldn't take it anymore. Her bucking stopped as her orgasm racked her entire body. Her body shook from how strong it was and she screamed loud enough to break glass. The sight of her head thrown back in ecstasy and the feeling of her pussy leaking hot juices was more than enough to send Judd skyrocketing over the edge. He slammed into Shana one more time unloading several ropes of cum into her. After their orgasms ended, Shana's legs unhooked from Judd and fell lazily to the floor. The exhausted couple leaned against the wall, trying to catch their breath. Hearts were beating erratically and grins were very much present. Shana spoke up first in between gulps of air. "That...was the best sex... we've ever had! Nothing compares to what just happened..."

"I agree...so, are you still mad that I took that road?"

Shana laughed and ran her fingers through Judd's hair. "Not as much as I was earlier but I'm so getting you back before this week is over..."

"I'm sure you will..."

Shana had been resting her head on Judd's chest but the way he trailed off made her look up to find him gazing down at her lovingly. She smiled, feeling nothing but love radiate from him. However, before she could cherish the moment much longer, he led her to the bed. "Shana, could you sit down for a minute please?"

She obliged but looked at her boyfriend with a puzzled expression. "What's wrong Judd?"

He didn't reply but simply reached into the drawer and retrieved something. She tried to see but he closed his fist, hiding it from view. "I had intended to do this later, when the atmosphere was more romantic but I just can't wait any longer..."

She opened her mouth to speak but was cut off when Judd dropped to one knee and held up a glittering diamond ring. Shana gasped and her eyes took on the appearance of a dinner plate. Judd looked nervous as hell while he spoke. "Shana, when we first met that night, I thought you were an amazing girl. Now three years later I can't imagine life without you...I know I'm not very sentimental but you're so much more to me than just a fantastic lover. I wish I could find the right words to say but all I can say is I love you. I've loved you all these years and I'll never stop loving you. You're my life and I would do anything for you. So, down on one knee, I ask you, Shana Michaels, will you marry me?"

For a few moments, nothing but shock registered in Shana's mind. But once the words sunk in, her eyes filled up with tears and she grinned. As best as she could through her tears, she screamed "yes!".

Judd smiled ear to ear, put the ring on Shanna's finger, and laughed when she bear hugged him. "I can't believe you just proposed!"

Judd held her tight while replying "I can't believe you said yes...I love you Shanna-you just made me so happy..."

Shanna wiped away her tears and smiled. "I just became the happiest girl in the world...I love you."