 My name is Rick Janison. I'm a private eye. Well, at least I try to be. I have a two-room walk up office in a down-at-the-heels neighborhood in LA. I carry a gun, not because I need one in my work, what there is of it, but because I feel a need to protect myself from the neighbors. 

I have a secretary named Sally who is a sweetheart—a slutty sweetheart, but a sweetheart nonetheless. She stands about 5-7 with long dark hair. I wouldn't call her fat, but her thin days are long behind her. Just nicely rounded and curvy in all the right places. She has the most marvelous pair of big soft tits and and a nice broad ass—the kind you can get behind and really hold onto while you are fucking her from behind. Not really a movie star, but still very sexy and a great fuck. I pay her when I can, and she works when I pay her, which seems fair enough to both of us. 

I paid her last week, so when I came in this morning (honest—it was before noon, but not much) she was sitting behind her desk doing her nails. She looked up and said, "Nice you could make it." 

"Don't get smart," I said. "I don't see a long line of clients waiting for me." 

"Actually there is a client waiting in your office. A Mrs. Sonia Richards. Says she needs your services badly and is willing to pay in cash, and . . . she won't hurt your eyes either." 

"Hmmm. Finest kind," I responded as I hung my hat on the coat rack and walked towards my door. 

I closed the door as I walked in and said, "Hello Mrs. Richards." She was a tall, leggy brunette with long auburn hair that hung down her back and her chest almost to the tops of her breasts. About the same height as Sally, but a good deal trimmer and lighter. Even though her face told me she was in her late thirties, she was obviously a woman who was investing time in keeping the body God gave her when she was twenty, and the investment was paying off. 

She was sitting on my couch with her legs crossed. I noticed her legs right away, because they were long and shapely, and they were clad in a pair of dark nylons that nicely matched the black pumps she was wearing with the four-inch spike heels. The nylons were the old style, with a dark seam up the back. Her black skirt was conservatively long, probably knee length if she had been standing, but she wasn't making much effort to wear it conservatively. It wasn't especially tight below her hips, and she had let it slide well up her legs so I could see her thighs all the way up to the beginning of the lace top of her hosiery. A string of expensive-looking pearls and a simple white blouse topped off the ensemble, but several buttons were undone, so it provided a plunging neckline that revealed the beginnings of what I was sure were a great pair of tits. Her face was lean, with high cheek bones and large brown eyes that just wanted to suck you into her. Her long hair was shiny black, piled up in a knot behind her head. All-in all, a very nice package. 

I took off my coat and hung it on the rack in the corner of my office. Instead of sitting behind my desk, I pulled up a chair backwards and sat down in front of her with my legs wrapped around the back of the chair and my arms folded on the top. Before I spoke, I released the buttons on my cuffs and rolled my sleeves up to the top of my forearms. Sitting behind the desk might have looked more professional, but given that I hadn't been laid in a couple of days, I was more interested in the view. 

"What can I do for you, Mrs. Richards?" I was trying to sound professional, but mostly I was thinking about how good it would feel to have those long legs wrapped around my head while I lapped at her pussy. 

"Well," she said, as she uncrossed and re-crossed her legs, "I am looking for someone who can tail an unfaithful spouse and get pictures of infidelity." 

By this time I was so distracted by her luscious legs and exhibitionist tendencies, that I was more or less running on autopilot. "Yes, ma'am, I have a lot of experience at that. I charge $65 per hour plus out-of-pocket expenses, with a $500 advance." 

She leaned forward to get her purse, giving me a great view of her luscious-looking tits, barely covered by the minimalist bra she was wearing. She knew I was soaking up the view and paused while she retrieved the cash from her purse, just so I could enjoy it—or she could enjoy showing me. I didn't really care which. At this point I was so horny I would have taken the job without an advance, but she pulled out a wad of cash big enough to choke a horse and peeled off five C notes, which she laid on the coffee table. 

My mind jumped back to business, and I remembered to ask question one: "Mrs. Richards, is your husband violent? My hourly rate is higher if the guy I'm tailing is dangerous." 

"Who said anything about tailing my husband?" she said, as she very slowly and deliberately re-crossed her legs giving me a good look at a pussy unecumbered by panties. 

I didn't respond until she got all the way through her little show, which caused this subtle smile to float across her face. I tried to ignore the fact that she knew she was driving me nuts, and was enjoying every minute of it. 

When we got through with her little exhibitionist drill, I asked, "Well, just who do you want me to tail and take indiscreet pictures of?" 

"Why me, of course," she responded. "You really wouldn't mind taking pictures of me having kinky sex with someone I am not married to, would you?" She kind of purred as she said it. 

"You see," she said, "My husband and I have always had an open marriage. Our deal is that we each date other people and then afterward we tell each other abut the sex in graphic detail while we're fucking. It was a part of our wedding vows—well, not the vows we said in church. There is nothing that makes that big dick of his harder than hearing me talk about how I seduced someone else." As she spoke, she spread her legs and slid two fingers into her now very exposed pussy. 

"But Mrs. Richards, you are willing to bet the $500 you laid on the table there, which is by the way non-refundable, that some really hot pictures of you and some other stud will make him even harder?" I was amazed that I still had enough business sense to mention the non-refundable detail, given that all of the blood that should have been in my brain was in my dick, which was turning my suit trousers into a pup tent. 

"Yes," she said, "Oh, and please call me Sonia." As she spoke, she slid down in the couch and pushed her hips forward so she could push her fingers deeper into her cunt. She squished them around in there for a moment and then pulled them out and sucked the juices off of them before putting them back in place. Meanwhile her other hand was massaging one of her tits. 

My gift of gab was about gone. I just watched while my dick got harder. Finally recovering just a bit of my commercial sense, I said, "All right, Sonia, when do I start?" 

"How about now?" she responded. Her voice was low and breathy. It had dropped at least an octave since she had shoved her fingers into her cunt. 

"So who is the infidelity with?" 

"You just take the pictures, I'll make up the story to go with them." 

"Okay. I have to go out to the front office to get the camera," I said as I stood. 

"How is your secretary going to react to that tent in your trousers?" 

"She has seen a lot more of my cock than this," I said. 

"Will she be jealous?" 

"Not when I explain that this is a paying case. She gets paid when I get paid. Besides, it is not like we have some kind of big romantic thing. We just fool around when things get slow around here." 

"Sort of fuck buddies?" she asked. 

"Sort of, yeah," I responded. "We are both too horny to get by without it for very long, so we accommodate each other." 

"How convenient. How do your spouses feel about that?" 

"They don't feel, because we don't have spouses," I said. 

"Oh. Well, run along and get your camera, and if I think you are doing a good job I will let you cum on my tits, because my tits covered with cum is the picture I really want. It will drive my husband wild." 

She still had two fingers shoved well up into her sloppy wet cunt and was slowly grinding her ass against my couch,as I walked out the door. 

"We got us a live one," I said to Sally after I closed the door behind me. "I need the Nikon." 

"I heard," she said as she pulled the camera from a drawer. 

"I am really disappointed in you that you feel a need to eavesdrop on my private conversations," I said (not that I didn't know that she always did it). 

"Hard to avoid given these paper thin walls," she said. "By the way, that is quite a boner you are sporting there. Will I get the benefit of it after she leaves?" 

"I don't know. She wants me to cum on her tits." 

"Oh! How nasty. Can I watch?" 

"You know where the peephole through the bathroom wall is. It's up to you. But if you do, let's not be calling anyone else nasty," I responded. 

I had installed the peephole so that I could have a witness to conversations with not so upright clients without their knowledge. Very useful sometimes, given the class of clientele I had. 

As I walked back in carrying the Nikon, the thought that Sally was going to be watching through the peephole was really making me hot. Still, I had the presence of mind to pick the five bills up off the table and drop them in my pocket. 

Sonia was sitting behind my desk with her feet up on the desk making a great show of her long sexy legs, the black stilettos and the black nylons, her skirt pulled up so it was laying in her lap. I put a new memory card in the camera and started to shoot. 

As I shot, she slowly unbuttoned her blouse and started to talk. Sonia, had a really filthy mind and a filthy mouth. 

"So, do you like my legs, Rick? How about my tits? Do you want to see more? Is this making your dick hard? Would you like to fuck me?" 

"How about doggie style? Do you like to fuck from behind? I do, she said." 

Sonia stood up and begin peeling her clothes off. I just kept that Nikon rolling and my mouth shut, as she stripped down to nothing but her thigh-high nylons and those fuck-me,stilletto heels. Then she flopped back down on the couch, sort of slumped down with her legs spread as she resumed playing with herself. My dick felt like a bar of iron, but I kept the Nikon going. The lady wanted pictures of herself being indiscreet, and these shots would certainly qualify. 

My guess was that by this time Sally had her dress pushed up, her panties off, and two fingers in her cunt as she watched through the peephole. Sally loved to masturbate almost as much as she liked to fuck. 

Sonia dug into that big purse of hers and pulled out a big dildo, which she proceeded to shove up her soggy cunt. I got some great close ups of it. 

All the time she kept up her monologue. 

"Wouldn't you like to be fucking this cunt. How about sucking on these big tits? I love it when I have one guy fucking me while someone else sucks on my tits. God it makes me cum and cum and cum." 

"How about that slutty looking secretary of yours. Would she suck on my tits while you fuck me? Or is she just going to keep spying on us through the peephole?" 

"How did you know about that?" I asked, but she was too far gone to answer as she lay on her back with her legs spread, her eyes closed and the dildo ramming her pussy, so I just kept shooting. 

When she looked like she was about to cum, I set the Nikon down and asked, "Do you want to suck my cock now?" 

"Yes," she panted. 

I dropped my trousers and boxers and my cock leaped to attention. She was an excellent cocksucker. I knew I wouldn't last long with her making like a Hoover on my prick, so I tried to think about something else because she sure seemed to be enjoying giving me a blow job, and far be it from me to spoil a lady's enjoyment. 

The problem was that the only other thing I seemed to be able to think of was Sally on the other side of the wall finger-fucking herself while she watched us. That didn't help my staying power at all. 

After a few minutes I told Sonia that I was about to cum, so she pulled back and said, "Get my tits good. I want them covered with your cum." 

I yanked on my cock for a moment and then did just what she asked for. My dick exploded, shooting stream after stream of white goo on each of her tits. 

Just then we heard a crash from the adjoining restroom, and I instinctively yelled, "What the hell was that?" 

Sally yelled back, "I fell off the fucking toilet I was standing on to watch." 

Sonia started laughing. "You guys are the gang that couldn't shoot straight. I don't know if I have hired a detective agency or a couple of cast-offs from Saturday Night Live." 

She was sitting there laughing at us with cum all over her very tasty looking chest while I stood with my rapidly deflating prick in my hands looking at her. Commercial reality was rapidly sinking in, and I was very concerned that the five hundred bucks in the pocket of my pants, which were lying in a heap around my ankles, might be the last money we would ever see from this client. 

I quickly pulled up my boxers and trousers and stuffed my now limp dick back in them, while I tried to assure Sonia that we were really better at our work than this appeared. 

She finally stopped laughing and said, "Tell you what. You finish taking the pictures and give me the flash memory card. I will call you in a few days with another task, but I think I will use a different stud the next time. One that doesn't come with Guilda Radner back there." She was still laughing at us. 

I told her to look nasty and then snapped a few pictures of her goo covered chest. I think she tried to look nasty, but she was still too close to hysterical laughing to pull it off. 

Finally she said, "That's enough." She reached in her seemingly bottomless purse and pulled out a towel, which she cleaned up with. Then she got dressed, morphing from slutty Sonia to conservative Sonia and began walking toward the door. 

I stood, my pants in a puddle around my ankles, watching Sonia leave, shutting the door behind herself. As I pulled my pants back up I could hear her talking to Sally, but it was muffled so I had no idea what they said. A minute or so later I was sitting on the couch trying to understand what had just happened. Sally sauntered in looking a lot more fully dressed and collected than I expected. 

"Well, I bet these 5 Cs are the last we see from that client," I said, waiving the cash at Sally. 

"6 Cs," she responded, correcting me. "She left me a tip for the 'entertainment factor.'" 

"I still don't think she'll be back." 

"Oh, I think she will be." 

"Why?" 

"Well, I wasn't exactly fully dressed when she came striding out of your office. My dress was pushed up to my waist and my blouse was hanging wide open. Since I hadn't bothered with a bra this morning, my tits were just kind of hanging out there for all the world to see and Sonia took plenty of time to see them. She kind of stopped and stared at me, so I began to massage my tits and pull on my nipples." 

Not being particularly suprised at such conduct from Sally, I simply asked, "Then what happened?" 

"She looked at her watch and said, 'I haven't got time for this, now.' There was a very heavy accent on the 'now,' which is what makes me think she will be back." 

"So you do have skills beyond typing, shorthand, and answering the phone," I said. 

"Of course, you silly boy. Why, just the other day you told me that I was the horniest broad you knew, and that I gave the best blow jobs in LA, although I am not sure that even you have sampled the full universe of cock-sucking women in LA." 

"True, but it is on my to do list. I just checked off Sonia from the yet-to-try list." 

"Was she better than me?" Sally asked, as she slithered down on to the couch next to me. 

"Hmmm. I would have to think about that. Perhaps I need a retest with you." 

Sally pushed herself to the other end of the couch and leaned back against it with one leg up on the back of the couch and one on the floor. She slowly unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it back on both sides so I could see her tits. Sally had big soft tits, which hung down over the upper two-thirds of her chest. None of this perky nonsense for her. 

"God, you have great tits," I said, having lost any and all control of the employer-employee relationship. 

"I know," she said. "God didn't give me the best brains, but the ones he gave me were adequate, and he gave me a pair of tits that can reduce most men's, and a surprising number of women's, brains to mush." 

I sat mesmerized as she messaged her big tits and pulled on her nipples. When she pulled one up to her mouth and sucked on the nipple, I pulled my zipper down and hauled out my cock. That seemed to get her attention. I have a good sized cock, and it had made a nice recovery while I had been watching Sally play with her tits. 

Sally pulled her skirt up to her waist so her sloppy wet cunt was fully exposed, and then slipped two fingers into it. "You know your cock is almost as good as my tits," she said. 

We sat there for quite a while masturbating and savoring the nastiness of watching each other. 

"So did you cum before you fell off the chair?" I asked. 

"Oh yes. That's what caused it. When I saw that big cock of yours spraying goo all over Sonia's chest, I just lost it. I was trying not to scream, and I lost my balance." 

"That's why I thought maybe you hadn't climaxed," I said. "I have never seen you cum without a screech that would wake half the neighborhood." 

"What can I say? I enjoy sex." As she spoke, she squirmed her hips around on her fingers. "God, this is good," she said. 

"You know, I used to have a corporate job," she said. "The pay was a lot more steady, but we never had staff meetings like this." 

"No, I bet you didn't," I said, adding, "So why did you quit?" 

"Actually I got fired." 

"Why?" 

"Well, I was screwing the boss, and his wife found out about it." 

"They fired you for that?" I asked, as I continued to stroke my once again rock hard cock. 

"No, I solved that problem with a full afternoon lunch with his wife. It was a little touch and go at first, but after three rounds of drinks, we wound up in a hotel room, and by the end of the day she told me I could lick pussy way better than her husband, and as long as she and I had sex regularly, I could fuck her husband all I liked. I still meet her for lunch occasionally. She has learned to eat pussy pretty well herself. . . . Oh fuck, I am getting horny." 

At this point she had three fingers in her cunt and was occasionally flicking her clit with her thumb. Her other hand seemed well occupied caressing one tit or the other and pulling on her nipples. 

"So why did you get fired?" I asked as I smeared a few drops of pre-cum around the head of my cock. The sensation was incredible. 

Sally gave me her best dirty smirk. "The boss caught me in a three way with his wife and the intern one night. I knew it was a bad idea, but once I described the size of the guy's cock to her, she just had to have it. We were all naked in the boss' office and the intern was fucking her doggy style, while I sat in the boss's chair with my legs spread and a dildo shoved up my pussy. It was all just harmless fun. He should have joined in, instead of firing both of us and divorcing his wife. That last move cost him a fortune." 

Sally stood up and peeled her dress off so she was naked except for a pair of sling-back pumps. She stood in front of me and said, "I want that big cock of yours in my cunt. Let's fuck." 

I stood up and pulled my clothes off for the second time since I had come to the office. "Sally, I love your subtlety. How do you want it?" I asked. 
