 After our first visit with Sonia, I figured the $500 I had "earned" was the last I would see of her. To my surprise, about a week after I got back from chasing Mike's deadbeats in San Francisco, she called. 

"Well, Mr. Janison, are you ready to go to work, now that you are back from San Francisco?" 

"Sure, but how did you know I was in San Francisco?" 

"Your secretary really isn't that discreet, especially when she has a large black dildo filling her pussy and I'm licking her clit. All I had to was to threaten to stop, and she told me everything I wanted to know about you." 

"I suppose I should be pissed," I said, "but I'm really not surprised. She is one of the horniest women I know. So what else went on while the cat was away and you two mice were playing?" 

"Well, that oversexed lawyer client of yours walked in on us while we were playing. Instead of saying excuse me, like a gentleman, he just flopped down in a chair and said, 'Don't let me interrupt anything,' so we didn't." 

"You must mean Mike, the one with the shiny head. He is sort of a male version of Sally, if you know what I mean." 

"Oh yes. I know. Sally just looked at him and said, 'Rick's not here. Come back later.'" 

"What did Mike say to that gracious comment?" 

"I think I'll wait." 

"Then Sally shrugged and said, 'Suit yourself,' and pulled my head back down to her\ pussy. I kind of wiggled my ass at him." 

"We were both pretty engrossed in each other, but a few minutes latter I looked over my shoulder and saw that he had pulled a very large hard on out of his trousers and was stroking it." 

"That sounds like Mike," I said. "Which one of you fucked him first?" 

"Sally jumped right on it, so to speak, and I just sat there with my legs spread and that big black dildo of Sally's shoved up my cunt while she sat facing me with her legs spread wide on either side of Mike's. She was just bouncing up and down on his lap while his big cock pumped in and out of her cunt. Watching it was better than a porn flick, so I made no effort to compete with Sally, and we all came at about the same time. It was a shame you weren't around with your Nikon to photograph the whole thing. My hubby would have loved it." 

"Well, then I would have had to bill you for it. What happened next?" I asked. 

"Unfortunately, I had to leave for another appointment. After all, Mike and I had both come to see you and you weren't there, so I didn't see any point in breaking a date just to watch Mike and Sally fuck some more. I got dressed and walked out the door. I have no idea what those two did after I left, except I could still hear Sally groaning by the time I got to the elavator." 

"Hmm, somehow I think I can guess and so can you, but did you call just to tell me dirty stories over the phone, or do we have some business here that I can start billing you for?" 

"You mean you won't bill me for phone sex?" she asked coyly. 

"Hmm. Never occurred to me. Shall we try?" 

"Not today." she responded. "If I made your dick hard with that story, you are going have to take care of it on your own." 

"How disappointing." I responded. "Okay, what do you need" 

Sonia proceeded to tell me that she had a love nest set up with remote-controlled video cameras and that she planned on bringing one of her co-workers over for a fuck session next week. My job would be to run the cameras remotely from the next room while she seduced the guy. We talked for a while about the details of where, when, and how I could get in earlier in the day to acquaint myself with the equipment. 

I told her that it all sounded fine and that I would be there as requested. I was about to hang up, when she said, "About that phone sex." 

My dick spring back to life. "Yes," I said. 

"Are you alone?" 

"Well, Sally is in the outer office." 

"Is she listening?" 

"I don't know, but she might be." I knew there was a better than 90% chance she was. 

"Good, that makes it even hotter. How hard is your dick?" 

"Hard and getting harder. How wet is your pussy?" 

"It is pretty wet. Telling you about Sally and Mike and me got me all worked up." 

"What are you wearing?" I asked. 

"A dark business suit over a white blouse. Black nylons with a garter belt and a pair of fuck me pumps with four-inch heels." 

"Nice," I said, as I pulled my cock out of my trousers. It was hard as a rock with a pearly drop of pre-cum on the end. 

"Aren't you going to ask if I have any underwear on?" 

"You are such a nasty slut. I bet you don't." 

"You would win that bet," she said. 

You weren't wearing panties when I met you. Do you always skip that garment?" 

"No. Today I took them off just before I called you." 

"So you knew how this call was going to go, eh?" 

"Seemed like a petty good bet, given the way our first meeting went. Actually, I have my skirt pulled up around my hips, my blouse is open to the waist, and my tits are just hanging out there for me to play with." 

"Mmm. That description made my dick twitch. I love your tits. I wish I was there to suck on them and nibble on your nipples." 

"I'll bet you're good at that. We didn't get to try it when I was in your office. Sally says you're good at it. She says you have a very talented tongue. 

"Do you have a speaker phone?" I asked. 

"Yes . . . Oh fuck, this is good." 

I wasn't quite clear on the last part, so I asked, "What was that?" 

"Yes, I have a speaker phone." 

"No, I heard that. What was the part that came after it?" 

"Just me talking to myself when I flicked my clit with my thumb." 

"Oh, I thought it might be something like that. It made my dick twitch. Do it again." 

"Ahhhhh!" There was a pause. "Is that what you wanted?" she asked. 

"Mmmm, yes," I said as I stroked my cock. "But turn the speaker phone on so you can play with yourself with both hands." 

"You mean without getting a stiff neck, like I am doing now?" 

"Yes." 

"Good idea," she said, as I heard the speaker phone click on. 

"What are you doing now?" I asked. 

"What do you want me to be doing?" 

"I want you to spread your pussy lips wide apart and shove two fingers into your sloppy cunt. You should have your knees pulled up so that your legs are spread really wide," I said. The image of Sonia's long sexy legs clad in her black nylons spread apart to reveal her dripping sex made my dick jump of it's on accord again. 

"Okay, but what are you going to do" 

"I am going to tell you what a naughty girl you are, while I stroke this huge hard on I have in my hand." 

She moaned a bit and then said, "Do you really think I am naughty?" 

"Oh, Sonia, you really are being a nasty little slut right now, aren't you?" 

"Oh yes," she responded. "I feel like the nasty little slut you always wanted to fuck. Don't you wish you were here so you could fuck me? My pussy is so hot and wet right now it would just slurp up that big hard dick of yours, and squeeze it until it milked the cum right out of it." 

"Fuck, you are going to make my dick cum if you keep talking like that." 

"Good! That's just what I want. I want your dick to squirt a stream of cum all over that desk of yours." 

"I bet you are playing with your clit, too, aren't you, you horny slut." 

"Of course I am. I started rubbing it as soon as you told me to put the speaker phone on. It feels so good. I am just hanging on the edge of a climax." 

"So am I. Make me cum, you slut." 

"Okay, start pulling on your dick and thinking about how I look sitting here in my office with my big tits hanging out, my dress pushed up around my waist, and both hands to masturbating my sex as fast and furious as I can." I heard her suck in her breath as she finished talking to me. She really was on the edge. Then she began talking again, "You really would like to be here wouldn't you, and you would be fucking me so hard?" 

We were both silent for a few moments as we focused on our own pleasure. 

"Oh shit, I am cumming, she growled. "Oh fuck, it's good! Yes! Yes! Yes!" And then she just screamed. 

I groaned and shot cum all over my desk. 

There was a long silence from the phone, and then she said briskly, "Well, I have to go see a client. See you next week. That was great." How she made the emotional shift her voice displayed over the phone was a mystery to me. 

As soon as Sonia hung up, Sally barged in and said, "You two are incredible!" 

"So you were listening, you naughty girl," I said. 

"Of course. What did you expect?" she replied, as she flopped down on my couch, her big tits bouncing beneath her dress as she hit the couch. 

"You really are a bit of a voyeur, aren't you?" 

Rick! That's not a nice thing to call me." 

I just smiled as I stuffed my rapidly relaxing dick back in my pants. 

"Although, she said, "I guess it's nicer than some of the other things you have called me." 

"What? I don't think I've ever referred to you with anything but respect. What did I call you that you found offensive?" 

"Slut, cocksucker, great lay, fabulous fuck, bi, piece of ass . . . I can't remember all of them. The list could go on forever." 

"And were any of them untrue?" I asked. 

She laughed. "No probably not. What can I say? I just like sex—often, intensely, and with variety." 

"I know, and that plus your honesty, your sense of humor, and your big tits are the reasons I keep you around here." 

"I can type too," she said, trying. and failing, to sound timid. 

"Okay, okay. I agree you can type. . . . which is good, because I sure as hell can't, and someone has to do the typing around here just so we can get the bills out." 

"You know Rick. You're no better than I am," she said. "I mean in the morals department." 

"Yeah, you're probably right on that point. My ex-wife said I had the morals of an alley cat. But tell me," I said. "When did you discover you were a voyeur—that you got off on watching other people have sex?" 

She giggled. "Oh god. I was barely 18. This 25-year-old guy I had just met and I were watching his parents fuck." 

Wow! That's kinky. Isn't that incestuous?" 

"Not for me. Maybe for him. Of course he didn't have any sex with his parents, but I found out later that they knew he was watching. They got off on having him bring young girls home and performing for the girl and their son. Gets to be a technical question about how you define incest." 

"It at least violates the spirit of the rule," I said. 

"It was fun while it lasted, and I learned a lot from wtching his parents. They were very creative. 

"Really? 

She giggled. "Yes. Some of it could only be described as a fetish. But that was then and this is now. Your phone call with Sonia made me really horny, and I was hoping you could help me with that problem." As she spoke she leaned back against the back of the couch and let her legs spread apart. 

I stood up pulling my limp dick from my trousers. "As you can see, my equipment hasn't quite recovered from my phone call with Sonia." 

That's okay," she said. As she spoke, she pulled her dress up around her hips revealing that she had no panties on and that, as I expected, her pussy lips were swollen with lust and dripping with the honey leaking from her cunt. "I bet your tongue will work just fine," she said as she used the fingers of one hand to stroke her slit." 

"Oh, so you want me to eat you?" 

"Oh god yes!" she replied enthusiastically as she used one hand to continue stroking her slit and the other to massage a tit through the top of her dress. She slid her hips forward so they were on the edge of the couch, readily accessable. Then she unbuttoned the top of her dress and pulled her bra cups down so they were holding her big tits up and displaying them to me without hiding anything. One of her fingers that had been working her slit moved upward to rub her cunt juice on a nipple. She gasped. "Oh shit I'm horny! Come on Rick. Get over here and put that magic tongue of yours to work on me." She retrieved the hand that had been tormenting her nipple and slipped a finger into her cunt. 

I leaned back against my desk in silence, watching Sally continue to masturbate while I took off my shoes and pants—I thought it too undignified to waddle over there with my trousers in a pool around my feet. Besides, I was enjoying watching her.  

"Are you sure you wouldn't rather wait awhile for my cock to recover?" 

"No, no! Oh god no! I'm too horny. Please, please, please come and lick my pussy. Then I'll suck your cock hard and we can fuck. Please." 

"Okay. I can't believe the fringe benefits I have to provide to keep you happy. It's a good thing you can type." 

I walked the few feet to the couch and dropped to my knees between her legs. With my forearms resting on her thighs, I stared intently at her sex. When I inhaled, the aroma was intoxicating—not a scent that could be used for a perfume, but still an intoxicating scent that had my intention riveted on her pussy. I leaned forward so that my nose was just millimeters from her engorged clit and blew softly on her sex. It had the desired effect. 

"Oh fuck! Fuck! Yes—but now lick it. Please. Please eat my pussy." She was thrusting her hips up towards my face and the closer I came to her, the stronger her aroma, an aroma of pure lust. I could feel my cock slowly stiffening in response. 

Much as I wanted to tease her, I couldn't resist any longer. I leaned just a bit farther forward, just that little bit required to bring me in contact with her, and I began to lick her pussy lips with long slow strokes of my tongue that began in the space below her cunt and ended just short of her clit. Sally reached down with her hands and grabbed both sides of my head. She wasn't forcing me—just holding on as if she wanted to be sure I wouldn't stop. 

"Oh yes! That's good. That's so fucking good. It's just what I wanted." 

I kept licking her with long slow strokes. Now she was moaning steadily. Finally she spoke: "Your fingers. Use your fingers." 

"Mumph?" it's hard to respond with a mouthful of pussy. 

"Finger fuck me! Now, damnit!" she said. 

I slid two fingers into her sopping cunt. I pushed them as far into her as I could get and then pulled back slowly, twisting my fingers so they hit all the sides of her cunt. Then I jammed them back in hard and repeated my slow twisting withdrawal. Meanwhile, I continued to massage her pussy lips with my tongue. 

"Oh oh, fuck! Yes, yes, yes! That's it keep doing that." 

Half my face was covered with the juice flowing from her pussy. Occassionally someone will describe a woman's pussy juice as smelling sweet or like nectar. I could never say that about Sally. Hers was strong and it didn't smell like anything I would want to have for dinner. But it was erotic. So fucking erotic. Just a whiff of her put my mind on sex and when I was this close, it took control of my mind. My dick was now back to fully erect and I was looking forward to fucking her after I made her cum. 

Now I started flicking her clit with the tip of my tongue at the end of each stroke. Every time I did it she gave a high-pitched scream. After about four of those she was ready to beg for me to finish her. 

"Oh fuck, Rick! I can't take any more. Oh, oh, oh. God quit teasing me and finish me!" 

I pushed both fingers as far into her as I could get them and then pulled them back, pressing on the front of her cunt until I reached her special spot. I knew where it was from experience. Then I just held them there pressing firmly while I took three or four more long strokes with my tongue. 

Now she used her hands to pull my head up so I had to lick her clit. At first I just tapped it and swirled my tongue around it. Then I pulled it between my lips and began to suck on it. 

Her climax hit her hard. She screamed and I felt her pussy muscles clamp down on my fingers while her legs and hands held my head in place. Then there was an cxplosion of pussy juice that hit my face and ran down soaking my shirt and tie. I should have known to take them off. 

For a few more seconds, maybe a minute, but I doubt it, I kept sucking on her clit. Eventually I could feel her relax and she pushed my head away. "Oh God, that's enough. No more. Stop. Please stop." 

I did—sort of. I pulled my head away. And then dropped my shoulders down below her legs. She was was gasping as she came down from her climax and not paying attention as I pulled her knees over my shoulders. Then I pushed her back and up so I was standing with my cock at the mouth of her still cramping cunt and her legs over my shoulders. I was leaning forward and bending my knees a bit to get down to her level. My arms were holding me up, my hands on the back of the couch. 

"Oh god no, Rick. Not now. I can't take any more now," she said as she realized I was about to fuck her. 

I ignored her and began to press my prick into her still-tight pussy. "Oh no. No. I can't take it now." 

Then the head popped past the entrance to her cunt and slid slowly into it filling it, and she changed her tune. Her brown eyes got big—wide open. "Oh fuck. Oh yes that's good. You're so big. That's it. Just fill me up." 

I pushed my cock all the way into her and then began fucking her in slow steady strokes. She groaned and cried with each stroke. I knew it wouldn't take her long to climax again. It didn't either. Within a couple of minutes she screamed again, and I felt her muscles clamp down on my cock. I wasn't close to cumming yet, so I just kept fucking her. But once she came down we agreed that we weren't in the most comfortable of positions. 

"Lie on the couch. I want to ride you," she told me. 

I pulled out and stood before her with my hard stiff dick pointing straight out from between the tails of my pussy juice soaked shirt. Sally got off the couch, and I stretched out on it. She stripped off her clothes and then straddled me, reaching back to guide my cock into her cunt. 

Once it was fully inside her. She just sat on me and held out her big tits toward me. It was an offer I couldn't refuse. I loved to play with Sally's tits. 

It was a slow langrous fuck. We never changed positions. I just let her set the pace. She came twice more—rubbing her clit to get herself off each time. The second time I lost control and squirted what felt like a bucket of cum into her pussy. 

Sally leaned forward as she climbed off me, and a good deal of the cum I had filled her with poured out on to what little of my shirt was still dry. I sat up, putting my feet on the floor and then I peeled off my destroyed shirt and necktie and threw them across the room, hoping I had a clean shirt in the closet in my office. Sally collapsed on to the couch next to me. We sat that way, enjoying the warmth of each other's body, for a long time. We were totally fucked out. 

Eventually the phone began to ring. 

"Are you going to answer that," I said. 

"What, me?" 

"You're the secretary," I said. 

"But I just fucked you." 

"So?" 

The phone was still ringing. 

"Besides," I said. "You're the one who was begging me to fuck you." 

"I begged you to eat me. The fucking part was your idea." 

"Quit splitting hairs and answer the phone. It might be a client with new work." 

"It might be the landlord wanting the rent." 

"Answer the phone." 

"Okay, okay." She stood and walked naked towards the front office. Somehow, I couldn't remember when she had taken her clothes off, but she looked great as she stepped naked through the door. She turned and stuck her tongue out at me and then walked away toward her desk. 

Whoever it was had hung up by the time she answered. I didn't care.