 I teach, lecture and advise at a private college in my city. As part of that, I promise to help a pretty student with some academic problems that she mentions. Unbeknown to me, though, she has fantasised about me but really just quite lacks the confidence to follow it through.

One afternoon, while we are working together in my office, sitting side by side taking a short break from the tasks at hand, we get to discussing what she wants from life. Tentatively, she works the discussions around to social problems she has had in holding relationships, due to the immaturity of the guys concerned or their inability to be patient with her pace of moving to the levels of sexual fulfilment that they desire.

Inadvertently, I ask whether she thinks that is their problem or hers and, whichever, how she thinks that she should address it. Seizing the moment before her caution gets the better of her, her reply is to swing her chair around, place her hand low on my inner thigh, sliding it up a fraction and explain to me that, as she really wants to learn more about her sexuality but has either been too cautious or too put off by impatient, immature guys of her own age, she is a little worried that it might be hers. Even though she isn't a virgin any longer, she's had few sporadic experiences, merely enough to show her that there is more she wants to explore.

Then she asks whether I could be patient and helpful with her learning process. Of course, knowing the problems this may cause, both for her and myself, I stammer out some weak excuses but am defeated by the welling of her tears and the plaintive "Don't you like me? Aren't I pretty enough?"

Well, arms around her, soft words of comfort in her ear, and she has me unzipped, out of my trousers, increasingly hard and throbbing in her hand. She strokes me, gently at first, then slightly more briskly, until I stop her, remove her hand, pick her up out of her chair and carry her over to the large couch on the other side of the office.

I sit back on the couch, after standing her in front of me, between my knees. I ask if she's sure this is really what she wants and, when she assents, I bring her to her knees, slowly remove her blouse and start to plant licks and kisses on her ears, neck, shoulders and breasts.

Meanwhile, her hands rediscover my manhood, popping both my cock and balls out of my trousers and manipulating them with both her hands. Soon, breathing more heavily, she asks if I mind and leans forward, bringing her lips to the head of my fully upstanding organ. The warmth and bliss of her mouth seems likely to take me completely over the top so, after some moments of savouring the feeling, I stop her gently once again, bring her onto the couch on top of me, her head pointing toward my feet.

The immediate danger point past, I let her resume her oral and manual ministrations to my genitals, while I flip her short skirt up above her waist. With her legs spread either side of my head, I lick and kiss her inner thighs and, then, bury my face between her legs, seeking her pussy and clit between her silken knickers with my mouth and tongue.

At the same time, I caress the cheeks of her bum with one free hand and slide the other between us, feeling for her pert, firm breasts. As I feel her becoming more excited, evidenced by the heat and wetness against my face, I move my hands to the sides of her hips, lift her lower body gently away from my face and slide her knickers away down to her knees behind me.

I bring her body back down onto my face and, for a fair while, we continue with our mutual pleasures, until I feel the moment of my climax approaching. Once again, I lift her gently away from from my mouth and warn her. All I get in reply is a sensual, deep-throated "Mmmmmm".

Surrendering to the moment, I redouble my efforts within the wet, warm folds of her flowering pussy, licking more frantically at her erect little clitoris. Her hips are moving more quickly now, sliding herself back and forth on my face. I feel little involuntary twitches begin in her lower body and hope that she may also be approaching an imminent orgasm, as I know that I am about to cum massively.

Which I do, in a copious spurt of semen, just as she slides my cock almost into her throat, probably as much due to my hips bucking involuntarily towards her, as much as by her intent. Whatever, like the first cold beer on a hot day, I don't think my first volley of cream even touches the sides, disappearing straight down her throat quickly.

The remaining shots are another matter, though, and I can feel her struggling to swallow them, just as her hips press down and her pussy grinds hard against my mouth momentarily. It then twitches crazily against my face and her thighs tighten around my head for a brief period, then release, and she rubs herself back and forth quickly, I guess to make sure that she is really there.

Then, the rigidity starts to go out of both of us and, as we relax against each other, I quickly unfasten her little skirt, sliding it and her knickers further down her legs, effectively bringing her to nakedness except for her socks and trainers.

As I soften in her mouth, even in spite of her caressing my balls, she swirls her tongue around me, creating delightful sensations that, for a brief moment, give me the crazy notion that I am about to become erect again immediately. Wishful thinking, I guess, but can you blame me?

Instead, realising that I need at least a brief period of recovery time, I tug her softly around to come up and lie beside me, face to face. I can see in her eyes that, though she has seemingly enjoyed what has transpired so far, she is in no way finished and wants more from this "tutorial" session.

Confirming it, she whispers "To quote Oliver, Please, Sir, I want some more ..." and I whisper back that we will address that need soon. We lie quietly, stroking and caressing for a short while, until her youthful exuberance gets the better of her and she reaches back between my legs to grasp the root of her attention and tells me, laughingly, that if I don't get it hard and put it inside her forthwith, she is going to tell on me.

Fortunately for both of us, I treat this like the game she intends and remind her that she is, in fact, the one of us best equipped to achieve that. Acknowledging that, she immediately slides down and begins her efforts to "raise the dead" with pretty prompt success. Regretfully, as I will be quite happy to repeat spray the inside of her mouth and throat, like any man, I lift her up from her position to lay on top of me once more.

I reach down between us, slide my fingers through her wet gash and tickle her firm clit a little, then slide the head of my thickened rigid cock into that warm wet furrow. I rub her clit and her opening gently with the shaft of my cock, before sliding just a little further down, intending for the purple end to slip between her pink lips.

Of course, somehow, on the first attempt, I miss the target, so I repeat the manoeuver, until I feel the head slip between the lips and attain a slight purchase within her heated, moist, tight slit. Once again, some slight restraint on my part is required, as I feel that initial urge to simply fire off inside her.

I can sense some confusion from her as to why I have only introduced the first bulbous part of my organ within her. She pushes down to force me inside her slightly further but I motion her to slow down and wait just a little. Then, slowly, I commence slight, short strokes, pushing just a fraction further in with each thrust, feeling her open up, slowly, gently, surely, swallowing more of my hard pole inside of her and releasing more of her fluids to make it even easier.

Soon, she seems to have more of me inside her than I have to give, and as much as I can believe she can possibly want, and I feel my pubic hair bristling against her mound. But she rocks the top half of her body up away, to sit astride me, and even more slides in, if that's possible. If she isn't so tight, I start to feel that my balls might slip right in to join their mate and, in fact, I'm not so sure they won't as we really get into it.

There is now no holding either of us back. I draw back away from her pussy to slightly varying degrees and then thrust back inside, reasonably gently at first. She starts to rock on our joined point and swivel her hips a little. Surrendering to the sensations, we both search for, and find, a mutual rhythm with which we are comfortable.

From that point, things become slightly unclear, other than my thinking that I am pushing into her so far and so hard, that I may achieve the desire of all men, to get back to the womb, and hoping that I do not hurt her. Oh, and the kissing, stroking and grasping that we both indulge in.

There might also be the odd moan, squeak or squeal out of one or both of us, I honestly don't know, the feelings sweeping through me are so all-consumingly incredible. It is as if I, a man of 50 and some considerable experience, am a callow first-timer, unacquainted with the sensations.

We rock together like that for what seems like ages, the pleasure and the sexual tension increasing exponentially, until I feel her release mightily, the lower half of her body convulsing on me and her head shaking wildly, her long hair seemingly flying out in all directions.

This quickish climax is no doubt assisted by building on the residual tension from her earlier arousal, I reason, like any good lecturer, until I am surprised by my immediate explosion inside her, spraying reserves of cum I didn't know I had into all the deep recesses of her pussy, until gravity takes over and it starts to run out of her again, over my cock, balls and stomach.

We gradually start to move more slowly, more gently and come back down from the heights of passion that we reached, and I can feel myself start to soften slowly within her as well.

She pouts sweetly and mentions that the loss of that completely filled feeling is the one thing she really doesn't like about sex. I tenderly pull her down into my arms and remind her that it is one of the inevitable cycles that go to make up life.

At which, she perks up and notes, eagerly, that this means, pretty soon, the cycle may be ready to repeat itself. I almost groan but, gentleman that I am, I catch myself just in time.

We lay quietly together, regathering our strength for what she undoubtedly considers will be the rebirth of the Lizard King. Me, I'm just hoping that she's right!