 "Oh god," I groaned, "I'm gonna cum soon." My girlfriend made an approving noise as she leaned against me on the couch and kissed my neck. Meanwhile, our neighbor sat on my other side and sucked my cock further into her mouth.

It was my birthday, and after the party had ended, everyone went home except our neighbor, Ashley. She was an attractive blonde who frequently came over for movie night. I'd had a slight crush on her ever since she answered her door one time in her pajamas with no bra on. I still thought of her sometimes when I was jerking off, remembering the shape of her tits and the way her nipples poked through the thin fabric of her top.

The three of us had ended up on the couch watching one of my favorite movies. My girlfriend on my left, me in the middle and Ash on my right. About halfway through the film, my girlfriend started teasing me. She was pressing her tits against my arm, touching my thigh, and whispering in my ear. At the time, I assumed I was going to get lucky later.

I was startled when she started rubbing my hardening cock through my jeans since we weren't alone. I tried to be cool and carefully avoided looking at our neighbor, whose attention seemed to be on the movie. I noticed her shifting around a little.

I couldn't have been more surprised when my girlfriend said "What do you think, is he ready?" and Ash replied, "Let me see." Then she reached over and also began fondling my erection.

"Happy birthday, baby," my girlfriend murmured. "I know it bums you out that I don't like giving head, and I thought a good present would be to find someone who enjoys it."

Ash winked at me and began undoing my belt buckle. I watched as she unbuttoned my fly, and slid my jeans and boxers down. Then she wrapped her warm hand around my cock and began squeezing and rubbing. My girlfriend nuzzled my neck and breathed in my ear as Ash leaned closer and started stroking me with both hands.

I didn't know what to do with my hands — was I allowed to touch her? — so I put my arm up on the back of the couch. Ash lowered her head and kissed the tip, giggling when my cock twitched in response. Then she wrapped her lips tightly around me and began to suck.

I groaned, watching her head bob up and down in my lap. My girlfriend smiled approvingly and bit her lip at the sight. I felt my cock get even harder in the heat of Ash's mouth. She pulled me deeper, squeezing the base of my shaft even as the head of my cock pressed against the back of her throat. My legs tensed, and involuntarily I pushed my cock deeper, eager for more.

She gagged a bit, then resumed bobbing up and down. My cock was sliding in and out of her throat, and wet slurping sounds filled the room. I felt the pressure building and moaned, which made my girlfriend press up against me and begin licking and nibbling my earlobe.

"I'm gonna cum soon," I repeated, my breath coming ragged now. My body tensed, and I reached down, urgently grabbing a handful Ash's blonde hair. She moaned when I tightened my grip and held her head in place as I thrust into her mouth. She gagged and started to pull back, but stopped when she felt my cock began to twitch.

I came hard, and she eagerly slurped and sucked as I filled her mouth with cum. After a moment I had to let go of her hair because the sensation was overwhelming. She took the hint and stopped moving, letting the final waves of my orgasm crest. She purred happily, my cock throbbing against her tongue.

She let me finish, then began slowly moving her tongue again. That provoked a few aftershocks as she slowly slid me out of her mouth, and sat up, grinning, licking the last of my cum from her lips.

"Oh my god," I gasped, "that was incredible."

My girlfriend sat up looked at Ash with a sparkle in her eye. I expected her to say thank you, but instead she leaned across me and give her a passionate open-mouthed kiss. Ash's eyes met mine, wide in surprise, but after a moment she closed them and kissed back.

I watched my girlfriend suck on our neighbor's bottom lip and felt my cock begin to stiffen again...