 Lt Katharine MacDonald gazed idly out of her window across the parade square and sighed heavily. It was another dreary day of dull admin duties, completing reports about her junior ratings who were undergoing their basic medic training here at the Joint Services Facility at Mytchett. At first, she had been happy to be sent here following a broken relationship in Portsmouth, glad to be away from painful reminders and have something different to do on shore. But now she was getting bored and restless, her body ached to be touched by someone other than herself, and she was very much in the mood for some good hard, loving from whomever she could get it. 

Her mind drifted back to the night of the Winter Ball, just a few weeks ago, and the fabulous snogging sessions she'd had with a certain young, handsome Private who's name she didn't know, but whom she certainly wouldn't mind getting better acquainted with. Things hadn't had a chance to go any further, far too many people around and they could both get into a hell of a lot of bother, but that hadn't stopped her fantasizing about him since, and wondering if there was any way she could contrive to have him.  

She put down her pen and stretched, her huge, firm, 38H breasts straining against the 

pristine white of her uniform blouse, almost threatening to pop a couple of buttons open 

from beneath her black tie. She looked down and admired them, gently running her fingers over her nipples which responded immediately, showing hard under the starched material. Gently, she rubbed her soft thighs together, feeling the stocking tops chafe against one another, thinking how good it would feel to have that young, hard horny man from the Winter Ball lying between them and giving her the hard pounding she needed. She could feel herself getting wet just at the thought of it.

Her daydreaming was halted abruptly by a loud knock on the door of her office. The 

young lieutenant quickly gathered her thoughts and called 'come in'. But the visitor, 

when he came in, wasn't someone who was going to keep her calm for long.

The door opened and her heart leapt and her stomach contracted with excitement as in walked Private David Fox, her young sexy man from the mistletoe at the ball, and also, she noticed, one of the RP's from the guardroom. Katharine made herself comfortable behind her desk, aware of the fact that she was sitting in such a way as to make her enormous tits strain once more against her tight white shirt, eyeing up the young private as he swaggered up to her desk.

Private Fox enjoyed the sight of the young Navy lieutenant seated primly and correctly behind her desk. He'd had his eye on her for quite a while, ever since she'd arrived from Portsmouth. She had an absolutely fantastic pair of tits on her, a pretty fine arse, and he'd often thought of what it would be like to have that soft, warm, succulent body writhing beneath him, gasping in pleasure at what his hard squaddie cock would be doing to her. Especially after the 3 sexy encounters he'd had with her under the mistletoe at the Winter Ball and he'd not had a chance to follow up, until now. He snapped himself to attention in front of her and saluted, aware of the fact that his tailored combats were starting to feel somewhat tight in the crotch.

"Good morning Private" she said evenly, allowing her eyes to travel up and down his hard 

strong body.

"Ma'am" he replied, and he arrogantly did the same with her, looking her up and down 

very slowly, almost insolently.

"So what can I do for you, Private?"

David resisted the urge to tell her to get her tits out and her knickers off for him, and he handed over the bundle of papers he had with him. He hadn't needed to bring them with him this morning at all, but he was feeling horny and very naughty, and the thought of fucking the red-haired Scottish officer in front of him that most of the guardroom were fantasizing over, made him as hot as hell. And today, he was going to have her.

Katharine took the papers from him, frowning slightly.

"Well thank you Private, but what exactly are these? I wasn't expecting anything."

She flicked through the paperwork, which appeared to be various reports about some of 

her ratings who'd been caught misbehaving around the camp, including one girl who'd been caught having wild and illicit sex with a corporal at the back of her block. Katharine smirked to herself and raised her twinkling blue eyes to look into the gorgeous face of her sexy messenger. 

"Lucky bitch, shagging behind the bike sheds as it were with some randy squaddie." she 

said to him and saw him grin back at her. Fuck, he was even sexier when he smiled.

"I heard she was very lucky indeed, very satisfied in fact." he replied, never taking his 

eyes off her face.

Katharine felt herself grow hot under his gaze; her nipples began to harden and she felt her stomach contract involuntarily with excitement. The way he looked at her, as if he was undressing her with his eyes; such a cliché she thought, but true. Christ, if only he could rip off her clothes for real and put those hard, strong hands onto her soft, willing, sex starved body. Fuck, how she needed some cock, and she felt her pussy starting to throb slightly.

She didn't realize it, but as she thought of being pounded by the Private in front of her, she had been staring glassy eyed at him, panting, her nipples hardening even more. 

It looked to David as if they were trying to burst out of the confines of the bra beneath her tight white shirt and get themselves into his hands and into his mouth. His gaze held hers, and he felt his cock begin to throb again in his tight tailored combats. 

From what he'd heard, Lt. MacDonald hadn't had any cock since she'd arrived here 3 months ago, and now, as she sat flushed, breathless, and with nipples the size of bullets across the desk from him, it was clear she needed a good hard pounding badly. She needed him and his rough, working class squaddie cock. He could feel his erection swelling in his pants, not caring if she noticed and hoping like hell that she would. 

His wish came true as she lowered her gaze and noticed the growing bulge between his legs. 'Oh Christ' she thought and bit her lip to stop herself from saying it out loud. She became aware of how sexually charged the atmosphere had become. Sex suddenly seemed to fill the air, and she couldn't believe what it was going to make her do.

"Are you good at obeying orders, Private?" she asked him, looking straight into his blue 

eyes.

"Of course, ma'am."

"Then go and lock my door and close the window blinds will you."

David did exactly as he was told. Was he really about to live out one of his favourite fantasies of fucking an officer? To make her lose her cool, show her what a real man was like instead of those nancy boy, floppy cocked officers. He wasn't going to fuck just any officer, but he was going to fill the hole of the sexy, red haired, Scottish officer he'd been watching for weeks and of whom he thought when he tossed one off in his room, or wherever else he found privacy to do it. 

He locked the door and turned round to see she had now stood up and was now on his side of the desk. Her gorgeous arse was perched on the edge of the polished wood, and he was glad to see she was wearing a skirt and wasn't one of 

these so called 'liberated' females who liked to spend their life in trousers. David didn't mind if she wanted to spend her time in trousers, providing the trousers she was spending her time in were his.

As he walked back towards her slowly, he thought of how fucking sexy it would be to pull up that pristine uniform skirt to around his officer's waist, and fuck her while she was still wearing the rest of her uniform. He felt her eyes upon him as he closed the rest of the blinds, and turned to watch her, seeing how those eyes were shining with excitement. Finally, he came back to the desk and stood right in front of her.

He pulled off his beret and flung it down onto the desk behind her, knowing this was one time he definitely wasn't going to be getting a bollocking for removing his headgear in front of an officer. They were barely two inches apart, facing each other, feeling the heat from one another's body. Katharine couldn't believe what she was about to do, but the lust in her was too strong, and this man was too fucking sexy for her to resist.

"Do you know, Private, I don't think I'm going to do much about that rating of mine. Maybe tell her to be more, well, careful in future. But I can't blame her for having a good time. I'm quite jealous of her really."

Katharine spoke quietly, her voice slightly hoarse. Her hand reached out as she spoke, and she trailed her long, slim fingers lightly across the front of David's uniform jumper, her touch a little hesitant as she felt his hard, strong chest and belly beneath the rough woolen fabric. 

"Has it been a long time, ma'am? By the looks of it, you're bloody gagging for it." he said softly, stepping forward now so that they were barely a hairs breadth apart. Their faces were almost touching, his nose just brushing hers, lips within kissing distance.

"I've been watching you for a while Private, admiring that sexy body of yours, seeing how you look at me when I see you in the Guardroom, how you watch me in PT, thinking of what it would be like if you had me."

Her lips just brushed his as she finished speaking. Jesus, she ached for him now, the longing, the need for him was so intense. David's right arm slipped slowly around her 

waist, his hand glided down the rough serge material of her black uniform skirt, feeling 

her firm arse, smoothing over her rapidly moistening knickers, feeling the outline of the 

suspender belt she wore. He pulled her firmly against him so that she could be in no doubt that the feelings she had for him were mutual, and that he was standing to attention in more ways than one for her. 

Wordlessly, he took the hand that was stroking his chest and guided it down to his crotch. He let go of it momentarily to undo his fly, then shoved her hand inside his pants to feel the hot, hard, throbbing cock that he wanted to give to her. 

Their lips still touched, brushing against each other. She gasped when she felt him, he felt so fucking good; hot, thick and rock hard. She didn't give a toss about how wrong the situation was, how much trouble they would get into if anyone found out; the officer taking advantage of the Private soldier. But all Katharine could think of now was David's cock, and how much she wanted and needed it.

"I've been watching you ma'am," he whispered to her, "Thinking of how I can have you, how I can get to bury my head in between your enormous tits, run my hands all over your sexy body. Show you what it's like to be fucked by a real man. Wanting to feel your hot, wet, pussy round my hard cock, seeing you behave like a common slut. And I'm going to fucking have you."

Suddenly, he pulled her right into him and kissed her hard, shoving his tongue into her hot mouth, not giving her the chance to think or to change her mind and say no. She moaned into his open mouth, and he felt her rock solid nipples, huge and swollen, press hard against his chest. She let go of his cock to wrap her arms around him and pull herself even closer into him. His hard dick now poked out of the opening of his combats, rubbing against her skirt. There was no going back now.

"Take me!" she moaned at him. "Have me now, I need you.", she panted as they kept kissing. Hard, deep thrusting kisses, hands all over each other, giving into the lust that they couldn't contain any longer. 

David kissed her all over her face, the soft, flushed cheeks, her jaw line, her soft white neck, his hands in her neat, French pleated hair, grabbing the soft, fragrant strands in his hands as they tumbled down. She tipped back her head, breathing hard, her body on fire for him as she felt his hungry mouth on the soft skin of her neck. 

"You're going to be my whore, ma'am." he breathed to her, "For me to do whatever I fucking like to you. I'm going to suck hard on your tits, then shove my rock hard cock in your hot wet hole and ram it in and out of you 'til you're filled with my hot squaddie cum, and yes, that does mean that I'm going to fucking ride you bareback."

"Fuck me please, just do it! Take me as your fucking whore!" she panted at him. She grabbed onto him, and ran her hands over his soft close cropped hair, holding his hot mouth onto her neck.

Abruptly, he stood back from her. He saw her before him; flushed, panting, dishevelled, 

her huge tits heaving and he never felt so turned on in his life. He pulled his jumper over 

his head, and quickly undid his shirt, throwing them both down on the floor next to him. 

"Oh fuck." she thought "He's even fucking sexier than I imagined. His body, that broad, hairy chest, the broad shoulders, and that lovely cock down there."

She was almost moaning now, her desire for him was so strong. She felt her pussy throb, felt how wet it was down there; there was so much fanny juice oozing from her slit that she could smell it. So could David. The smell of sex, of animal desire, filled the room.

Keeping his trousers on, David stepped up to Katharine again. He grabbed the knot of her tie and undid it rapidly, pulling it out from under her collar and throwing it away. He undid the button of her collar, undid a couple more buttons below that, then slipped his big, strong hands inside the top of her gaping white shirt. Suddenly, he gripped both sides and ripped the shirt wide open, the buttons flying everywhere. Katharine moaned; nothing and no-one had ever excited her as much as this. The tattered shirt hung limply on either side of her body and she stood unsteadily now, not sure how much longer her legs would be able to keep her upright. 

David kissed her hard again, his tongue thrusting against hers, hearing her moan into his mouth. Then he shoved his hands into the lacy white bra she was wearing, and scooped out the huge tits he'd been longing to feel for weeks. 

Katharine could no longer speak. She was incoherent with pleasure. As David bent down his head to suck one huge, erect pink nipple into his hot, willing mouth, she groaned hard, not giving a shit if anyone outside her office heard her. 

"My God, your mouth is fucking fantastic on my tits. I want you to suck them, chew them, eat them. I want to feel your mouth all over them.", Katharine breathed frantically to him. David responded by sucking hard on her huge, firm breasts, pulling at each huge, deep pink bud, nibbling with his white teeth, running his soft pink tongue all over them. Rolling the swollen nubs in his mouth, biting the soft, milk white flesh around them. Her tits felt fantastic to him, just bloody amazing. The nipples so hard, so tasty. 

"You have amazing jugs ma'am, and I know how much you want my cock. I can smell your soaking pussy from here. But I'm not ready to give you what you want just yet." he grinned as he finished speaking, and leant over to give her another hard, savage kiss.

David then shoved his hand up his lieutant's skirt and began to stroke the inside of her soft silken thighs. Her legs parted virtually instantaneously for him to stroke his hand up and down. He moved his hand up to the bare flesh above her stocking tops, feeling the wetness from between her thighs spreading down along the milk white flesh of her legs. His hand pushed her knickers aside, and he plunged his fingers into her dripping pink pussy. He found her already hard clit, and began to caress it, feeling his hand becoming coated in her juices. She was now arched right over the desk, moaning and groaning as his fingers moved insistently inside her, rubbing against him as he finger fucked her. 

He leant forward and grabbed her right nipple again with his hot mouth. As David sucked it, he saw Katharine's face flush, then felt her grip onto him tightly as she suddenly orgasmed on his fantastic busy fingers, cumming hard and loud. She opened her deep blue eyes and gazed at him, her mouth open, gasping. David straightened up and grinned at her, licking the nectar from her juicy split peach from his fingers. But he wasn't finished with her yet.

"Now ma'am, you're going to fucking get it." he rasped to her, panting heavily. 

David reached behind his Lieutenant, who was still reeling from her sudden, hard climax, and cleared her desk with one sweep of his hand. Papers, mugs, pens, trays, everything crashed onto the floor. He grabbed Katharine's hand and led her, her legs shaking, to the end of the desk. David then undid the waistband of his trousers, pushed them down slightly, and got his cock out of his pants properly.

"Fuck, that is magnificent!" Katharine gasped at him, seeing his full, thick, pink, throbbing hard length for the first time. 

She'd never been so eager to be fucked in her whole life. Her horny Private then got hold of her skirt, and pulled it roughly up around her waist. Then he reached for the waistband of her white, lacey panties and ripped them off her. 

"Get down on that desk!" he ordered her hoarsely.

"Lie down and open your legs for me!"

Katharine laid back on the desk, her pussy still throbbing from the orgasm she'd had on his fingers, spreading her legs wide and opening up her soaking wet hole for her squaddie's cock.

David lifted up her legs and pushed up against her. The thick head of his dick pressed open her sticky lips, slipped along her wet slit, then found her hot hole. With a hard thrust, he pushed home up to the hilt in her. He groaned as he slid into her. She felt incredible inside, better than anyone else he had ever fucked; so hot, so very juicy and so lovely and tight. As he pushed himself 'til he was buried in her cunt up to the balls, he felt her muscles grip onto him and start to massage his prick. Finally getting to fuck her, this red haired temptress that he'd lusted after for so long, was even better than David had imagined. And the sight of Katharine spread beneath him, tits bouncing off her chin, mouth open panting and moaning, face flushed, eyes half open, hair everywhere, was the sexiest thing ever. 

David gripped the lieutenant's calves tightly as he thrust hard inside her, slapping his balls against her arse. He circled his hips, wanting to stretch her, leaning forward to stimulate her clit, make her beg for more. David wanted to make sure that this was one ride she would never forget.

Katharine's hands gripped the sides of the desk, staring up at her squaddie fucker, so hot, so hard. His dick felt fantastic in her proper officer's pussy. She wanted to milk his cum inside her, wanted to feel his hot, sticky gizz seeping out of her already dripping honey pot. She groaned hard, moving her hips in time with David, grinding her clit onto him, looking at his gorgeous face, sexy chest and feeling her orgasm build around his thick, hard, prick.

David thrust into Katharine's pussy harder, leaning forward more as he felt her grind onto 

him, letting go of her legs and squashing her tits together instead so he could suck both engorged, hard nipples into his mouth at once. Immediately, Katharine arched her back, lifting her own legs up and keeping them wide apart to keep the friction on her throbbing clit. She was getting closer and closer to cumming on his cock, closer to a fucking magnificent orgasm.

David lifted his mouth from his officer's nipples and looked down at her beneath him, 

still gripping her massive breasts. Nothing had ever looked more fucking sexy. He noticed her ripped white shirt, the tits hanging out of the bra, and her uniform skirt up round her waist. 

He gazed at her ripped white panties, wide open black stockinged legs, and watched as his hot, hard rod slid in and out of her tight, rippling pussy, and felt as her internal muscles wanked his cock as it buried itself in her cunt. The sight of all this, this dirty, whoreing, squaddie fucking officer, brought him to the brink.
