 Note: This story is slow developing and is based on the author's fantasy in an actual living situation. There is enough early romance and sensitivity that this would be a good way to introduce a reluctant partner to exotic literature. If you desire to read pure sex, skip to page 4 or 5 of chapter 1. I recommend at least a quick read/scan of the early pages -- the story will build and be worth the time. It will continue to build intense, creative, exotic sex in subsequent chapters including swapping, swinging, lesbian, multiple partners, incest, peeing, bdsm, electric stimulation, but not gay sex. 

***** 

Len locked the mailbox and glanced at the mail -- just junk and a couple of bills. He had lived in The Meadows "over 55" community for nearly 10 years. His wife, Brandi, had been killed in an auto accident just three years ago and he now passed the time playing golf and serving with a couple of community service organizations. He was 65 and kept his 6'4" 215 pound body in good physical condition. There was an ample amount of grey sprinkled in his hair. As he crossed the street he notice his neighbor, Tammi, stop her lawnmower and begin to store it in her garage. Tammi was in her late 50's, he guessed, and had lived next door for about five years. Her husband had tragically died from pancreatic cancer just over a year ago. She was tall, 5'10" or so, which allowed her to carry a couple extra pounds with no problem. 

As the saying goes "her legs went all the way up". Her breasts were not large but still showed sufficient cleavage to attract his attention. The interesting thing was that, since her husband passed, Tammi had actually really spruced herself up. It was probably the stress and effort to provide care that had kept her somewhat dowdy before the death. Now she took wonderful care of herself, dressed attractively and was active, taking several trips a year to fish and see the sights. Today she had some work shorts and a T on with her hair -- brunette with a tint of amber -in a ponytail pulled through the back of an old cap. Len loved the look when gals wore their hair that way. 

"Hey, you sure keep your yard looking great." 

"Oh, hi, Len. Yeah, I know I could pay someone to do it but I enjoy it, even on warm days like today. I think I'll grab a shower and then grab a cold one." 

"Sounds like a plan. I'm about ready for my toddy -- its got to be 5:00 somewhere!" 

"Hey, why don't you come on over and we can have a mini-happy hour." 

"Sounds good -- what can I bring??" 

"Not a thing. I've got everything for alcohol and all kinds of mixes and lots of munchies. Just give me 45 minutes and come down. Let yourself in and we can sit on the patio." 

"See you then Tammi -- sounds great". 

46 minutes later Len knocked lightly and walked in the front door. He had dressed in shorts and a nice polo shirt and his favorite sandals. He found his way to the family room and the slider to the patio. Tammi was just setting out some cheese, crackers and chips. She looked refreshed with light makeup and was also wearing mid-thigh shorts with a lacy blouse and slip on shoes with a slight heel. Her tanned legs were nicely taut by the heels; her hair was now down, nearly to her shoulders. She had obviously changed bras to one with more lift, showing even more of her upper tits. She looked HOT. Len made it a point not to ogle her and decided not to comment on her appealing looks -- no sense making her uncomfortable. 

"Hi there -- I just thought I'd bring a bottle of wine -- thanks for having me down" 

"No problem and thanks for the wine. I've got a Gin and tonic -- what do you want?" 

"The same is great. I can mix my own" 

"Feel free". 

When Len came back they settled in lounge chairs and chatted, mostly about weather, the neighborhood and other minutia. Soon both of their drinks were dry. 

"Can I fix us another?" Len offered. "how do you like yours?" 

"Pretty strong- saves on tonic" Terri laughed. 

Len was back shortly and they resumed chatting, sharing their life backgrounds. Quickly the time passed and the sun began to set. It had been almost 2 hours when Len asked "1 more for a nightcap?' 

"sure". 

Len came back with their third rounds, handed Tammi hers and they settled back. He thought to himself "nothing ventured, nothing gained". 

"Hey, Tammi -- do you mind if I get a little personal?" 

"Not at all -- I feel like talking". 

"I've always wondered what attractive, single women like you do for sex. I mean it is easy for a man. He can pickup gals in bars, or have friends set him up or find women through work or social connections. And of course there are always adult stores or the internet for help in self manipulation, if you get what I mean. And they can always "pay for play" if they are desperate enough. But you gals have it tougher. There are so many wierdos and creeps out there that it would seem that the bar scene and internet dating all could be pretty dangerous for you ladies. Even social dating seems somewhat iffy. And I may be wrong -- after all I am a man. But I just don't see someone like you using books, magazines or videos to -- well let's call it what it is -- masturbate. Tell me if I'm wrong. I mean -- I can take care of myself, though it is usually just quick relief. I just wonder how most gals like you take care of your pent up needs?" 

"Well, Len, you are right on. I've had a few dates. But all the guys seem to want is a quick lay -- no real interest in giving me some satisfaction. I do have a vibrator that I use with internet videos now and then. But it is still not the same as having another person touching and caring for you. Thanks so much for bringing this up. It really is frustrating for me." 

"Tammi -- I am going to be even more forward. I think you should let me help you get rid of your frustrations. Here's why. I am a clean and sensitive guy. Except for a few involvements before I met Brandi I have been a one-woman man. No STD's in my system. Most importantly. I have always put the needs of my partner before my own. I always made sure that whatever Brandi wanted I took care of before I took care of my own satisfaction. I love having a woman go crazy with the climax I provide for her. I love to fuck, but even more I love to her my woman scream with the pleasure I give her. 

"Wow, Len. You really are an up front person, aren't you." 

" Yup --I have always found frank openness is much better than deceit and manipulation. But I am not forceful. I would never make anyone do anything they didn't want to do. With me no is always no. And I'm not talking romance. That may or may not follow. I think we could both enjoy mutual physical pleasure and exploration. Brandi was not a total prude but she really never wanted to explore some aspects of sex that I really would like to try. 

Well, it's getting late. I would suggest we leave our discussion at that. I'm going to leave and let you mull it over. I hope I haven't offended or shocked you. If you decide you want to talk farther just text me or give me a call or stop by. If you don't I hope we can continue to be friendly neighbors with no more said." 

With that Len stood up followed by Tammi. 

"Len, it has been a fun, interesting evening. Thank you for coming over." 

Tammi leaned over and reached out to give Len a kiss, but he turned his head and took the peck on his cheek. 

"Whoa, lady. That's enough. Give me anything more and my hands and body will be all over you. I am one horny man and you are one beautiful, sexy lady. There is nothing I want more than to grab you, strip you and fuck your eyes out right now. But that's just not going to happen until I know that it is not the alcohol or the heat of the moment. I'll let myself out and hope we can take this slowly to a mutually satisfying experience -- real soon. Good night!!" 

The next day Len played golf in the morning and busied stayed busy with some chores in the afternoon. That evening he had an extra glass of wine with his supper to help with sleep. The following day was Wednesday and the day dragged on with no response from Tammi. After his evening meal Len was beginning to think he had overstepped and offended Tammi. 

Then his cell phone buzzed with a new text message. 

"When can we get together? I think I am ready to trust you and take the first step." 

"Are you free Monday evening -- say around 5:00?" 

"Sure, that works." 

"I am taking this to mean a first serious, action date. Just want to be sure I am not making any assumptions." 

"Yes, I'd like to see how some action goes". 

"Great! A car will pick you up at 5:00. Come prepared to stay overnight." 

"Really? Where will we be going?" 

"Let's keep it suspenseful and fun! Just casual clothes needed. Pack your nicest sleepwear -- if you want to make a trip to Victoria's Secret I'll reimburse you. Please make sure your outfit includes high heels. I prefer red outfits, but black or white is fine." 

"Are you sure about VS? It's pretty expensive, but I could do with an update." 

"Sure that is fine. Spend what you like -- my treat." 

"You sure you won't tell me where I am going?" 

"Nope. But prepare to be pampered. LOL." 

The four days seemed to pass slowly for both, although Tammi had some shopping to do and Len made several phone calls to make arrangements. The visit to Victoria's Secret was Tammi's first; at the start she was a little nervous but the attendants were helpful and she quickly relaxed and started enjoying herself. She went with red and picked out a slightly padded push up bra, matching panties and a filmy peignoir. As she felt the satiny material on her body she started to get excited and even felt some wetness in what she calls her "hot box". She realized it had been close to a month since she had last used her vibrator. She was tempted to use it when she got home, but decided to store up her increasing sexual tension for Monday. As she thought about the vibrator she wondered if she should pack it and decided she should drop it in her overnight bag "just in case". 

Monday at 5:00 sharp a large black SUV drove into Tammi's driveway and a nicely dressed driver came to the door to meet her. 

"Uber Special for Tammi compliments of Mr. Len". 

The courteous driver introduced himself as Carl, carried her bag and held the door for her. The spotless vehicle was luxurious with soft music playing through the Boze speakers and chilled bottled water was close at hand. 

"Carl, can you tell me where we are going?" 

"Yes ma'am. To the downtown Marriot". 

Just then Tammi's phone alerted a new text. 

"When you get to the hotel just go to the front desk, give them your name and they will give you the room number and a passkey." 

It was about a 20-minute drive to the hotel. Tammi tried to offer Carl a tip but he declined, saying that Len had generously taken care of it. Tammi walk to the reception desk and introduced herself. She was handed her room passkey and the receptionist told her she was on the top floor, number 15, in the honeymoon suite. Tammi's jaw dropped. After a quick ride up Tammi opened the door to the suite and her jaw DID drop. The suite was huge with a fantastic view. On the coffee table there was a gorgeous arrangement of roses and a nice bottle of red wine that had been uncorked to breathe. The bed was the largest she had ever seen with mirrors on the ceiling and a huge TV on the wall. She saw a large nicely stocked bar with refrigerator. When she entered the bath she saw a huge double spa tub plus a large open shower with three shower heads. In addition to the toilet there was another fixture which she thought to be a bidet, though she had never seen or used one previously. 

Returning to the main area she walked to the beautiful flowers and saw an envelope with her name on it. 

"Take your time settling in, change into your new outfit, relax, have a drink from the bar if you want. If you want to check out the TV all channels are free and channels 900-930 offer some mood setting adult content with a variety of selections. I'll be there in about an hour" 

To say Tammi was overwhelmed was an understatement. 

"What kind of rich person is this guy? Why does he live in such a simple area as The Meadows". 

She poured herself a glass of the wine and helped herself to a plate of cheese and crackers from the tray on the table. She walked around the suite, luxuriating in the wonderful ambiance and the terrific views. Remembering the note she opened her bag and laid out her outfit and shoes on the dressing table. Removing her light jacket, frilly blouse and slacks she hung them carefully in the large closet. Back at the table she unhooked and lowered her bra and stepped out of her lacy panties, putting them in a drawer. Taking a look at herself in the mirror she thought 

"not bad for a 56 year old -- not a whole lot of sag anywhere. I wonder if I should have shaved my hot box hair. Oh, well. Too late now." 

After carefully dressing she again admired herself in the mirror and carried her shoes over to the couch in front of the TV, but decided against another glass until Len arrived. Remembering the instructions she turned the TV on and scanned the guide for the adult channels. She saw some movie titles that seemed to offer a wide selection, including bi, lesbian, and gay. Finding a title that seemed like it might carry a story and emotion rather than just raw sex she selected it. 

After watching the movie for about 20 minutes -- and fast forwarding to get to a couple of the sex scenes -- Tammi was starting to feel some tingling in her body and some dampness in her slit. Not wanting to "jump the gun" she turned the TV over to a soft music channel just as there was a soft knock on the door. Len opened the door, wearing a smart looking casual outfit. 

"Wow, lady -- look at you! Drop dead gorgeous ". 

"Seems like I'm a little under dressed compared to you. What are you? Secretly rich with all this extravagance? You are quite the detailed planner." 

"Nah -- just a special, one-time splurge to treat a gal like she deserves. I'm afraid you better not be expecting it again". 

"Well thank you! I plan to get the most out of this experience." 

Tammi poured them both a glass of the wine and they sat on the couch. After a couple of sips Len turned to her and said 

"Can I get that kiss I took the rain check on the other evening?" 

He moved his lips to her, gently at first and shortly they were kissing and tonguing with fervid passion. 

"Whoa! -- I want this to be slow and gentle. I could pop in a minute I'm so hot from all the expectation". 

"You're the one that set this all up. Talk about hot! I was about ready to cream just watching that TV -- I had to turn it off." 

"We'll get there soon enough. I want to just experience each other and our bodies and take our time getting you out of that sexy outfit. By the way -- being forward again. Do you usually take a long time to have an orgasm? Need lots of touching, kissing and rubbing of your clit?" 

"Sometimes I need a little more attention than others. Depends on my mood and the approach. But I certainly won't need much right now. By the way - now I get to be forward. I haven't experienced the big M yet and still have an occasional period. I know we are both older, but do we need any protection? Stranger things have happened?" 

"Not to worry -- I had the big cut over 20 years ago. No little baby makers flowing up my tubes. Just relax and enjoy!' 

With that they began kissing again and their hands started to roam. Len started with Tammi's shoulders, moved slowly down her sides just gently over her breasts to her waist. He then started caressing her hips, butt, legs and feet, massaging her feet and toes gently. She began at Len's chest and then worked down to his butt and thighs and then back up to his waste where she unfastened his belt and unzipped him. He lifted and Tammi removed his slacks, revealing a huge tent in his tight, red shorts. As she started to touch his engorged cock he moved her hand up. 

"You start now - we'll be over way too soon!" 

Len moved his attentions back up gently feeling her boobs and stiff nipples; then on up to the bow tying her peignoir, which he undid and gently moved the cover off her shoulders. He then moved back down to her tits, massaging then through the bra, then reaching behind her with one hand. 

"Not to worry -- I'm an expert at one-handed bra removal" 

to which Tammi giggled lightly. The bra removed, Tammi slid her hands under Len's shirt, lifting it up and off. As he suspected, Tammi's breasts were not huge, but there was no sag and her nipples were hard as diamonds. Len loved them. Tammi started to reach down to take her shoes off but Len stopped her and said 

"let's keep those on. I want to see you walk naked in them". 

They both knew what they wanted, but they didn't want to end their first tryst too quickly. They gently rubbed the inside of each other's thighs, and then -- even more gently - moved up to the crotch. Tammi pulled Len's shorts off and -- very gently -- ran her fingers over his prick. 

"Nice and full" she thought -- "but not huge enough to make me hurt". 

Len was gently rubbing the outer labia through her panties, which he soon removed. Knowing the time was getting close Len asked 

"here or on the bed?" 

"Right here or on the floor -- I don't want to move away from you for even a second!" 

Len kissed Tammi on the neck and then worked his way down to her tits, kissing and suckling both. 

"oh my God, that is soooo good" 

she moaned as she continued to mew and coo. Then it was on down to her tummy for more kisses. 

"Oh, yes, yes, yes lower, lower, lower..." 

Then it was down to her lower hair, curly and brown. He licked up and down her slit as she squirmed and moaned. He licked and sucked or her labia, outer and inner. And then he found her sex button, already standing tall and erect. He massaged her lovely clit with his thumb and forefinger. Tammi was writhing and bucking. 

"Oh, my God, my God, my God..." 

She was close to her orgasm, but Len wasn't ready yet so he backed off and moved his tongue to her taint and then into her pucker hole. 

"Please don't stop -- I want to come. Fuck me, FUCK ME! FUCK ME!!" 

"Not quite yet, my dear. I want you higher than high. I want you screaming". 

Len quickly reached into his pants pocket and found the small vibrator he had bought just for this time. He turned in on and gently inserted it into Tammi's ass. Her reaction was to moan even louder. 

"Quick, down on the floor." 

Len helped her slide down. On her back he lifted her legs over his shoulders, spreading them wide and causing her cunt to gape open revealing her inner pinkness. He took the vibrator and moved it to her clit, increasing the speed to the high setting. 

"Oh , YESSS! Please fuck me now. I'm comingggggg..."Tammi screamed. 

With that Len shoved his rockhard, throbbing dick into Tammi's wet waiting cunt, plunging as far as their pelvises would allow. He was in and out as fast and as hard as he could. 

"Oh, fuck, Oh Fuck, Oh Fuck!! I'm going ... to ... COME.!! Ow, Ow ,Ow". 
