 Priya needed something new.

The young attorney had just finished her sixth deposition in two days. She used to relish making opposing witnesses squirm. Priya didn't make excuses - she practiced law for the power.

But this case didn't hit many thrill buttons. It centered around complicated environmental law, and the government attorneys seemed just as bored as Priya was. Her partner usually handled environmental cases.

It was 10:45 and the next deposition started at 1. Sitting at the desk in her corner office, the slim attorney decided she needed something fun to distract herself with.

Priya took a long, dark manicured finger and pressed down on her desk's speaker button.

"Maxine, send Matthew into my office."

Her secretary whimpered an affirmative.

Priya crossed and uncrossed her legs as she waited. An email from the attorney she had gone out with a week earlier flashed on her screen. He'd sent her a picture of his chiseled chest in a bathroom mirror.

Priya deleted the email. She wished men would understand when she was finished with them.

A timid knock came on the door.

"Come in, Matthew."

A tall, blond man shuffled into the room, barely making eye contact with Priya. He couldn't have been younger than 25 but looked straight out of college. 

Priya stared at Matthew until he looked back at her. She gestured to the chair in front of her desk and he slumped into it.

"It took you long enough," Priya said. "My office really isn't far from yours."

Matthew furrowed his brow.

"Sorry, Ms. Shanka, I was helping Peter with-"

"Don't make excuses, Matthew. Just be quicker next time." Priya curled her lip in a half-smile.

Matthew relaxed in his seat. Priya decided the intern probably cut a nice figure underneath his too-large suit. Perhaps he would be worth it.

"I brought you in here for a few reasons, Matthew. Do you go by Matthew or Matt?" Priya asked.

Matthew swallowed, spoke.

"Matt, actually."

Priya picked up a pen from her desk and twirled it in her right hand.

"That's too bad," she said. "Matthew is a much better name."

Matthew gave a small chuckle. Priya looked from her pen to him and he fell silent.

Priya let a few moments of silence lapse. Matthew cleared his throat and looked around the office. Awards and degrees lined the walls. Pictures of the young female attorney with politicians. One of Priya with the president of Fiji, her home country.

"How are you enjoying your time here, Matthew?"

The intern leaned forward in his seat, clearly eager to break the silence.

"Oh, it's great. Lot of really talented people here. I'm learning a ton."

Priya flashed another half-smile, set the pen down on her desk. She leaned back in her seat and crossed her bare legs. She noticed Matthew glancing briefly at her gray pencil skirt.

"We're glad to have you. Your research is impeccable and it's helped us in some ..." She dropped a hand to her skirt, beckoned the intern to keep his eyes on her face.

"Tight spots," Priya finished.

Matthew shot his eyes to the floor.

"I'm happy to help," he mumbled.

Priya sighed. Men were so spineless. This boy seemed like every other attorney she'd ever met: cocky until things got real. Priya couldn't count the number of times she'd brought a brash man back to her apartment only for him to disappoint her.

"That brings me to my second point, Matthew. Look at me when I'm talking to you."

Matthew brought his eyes to Priya's.

"You need to be bolder," she explained. "You'll never make it as an attorney unless you have balls of steel."

Matthew smiled. Priya kept a straight face.

"Thanks," he said. "I know you're right, it's just –"

Priya cut in.

"Do you have a girlfriend, Matthew?" 

Matthew's eyes shifted from left to right. He looked down before speaking.

"No," he said. "We broke up after I started working here."

Priya smiled for real. She knew how it was – attorney's work was long, hard and unrewarding. Most significant others couldn't handle it.

"I'm sorry to hear that," she said. "I remember when my last relationship broke down. He couldn't handle my work, either. I suspect I intimidated him."

Matthew cocked an eyebrow. Priya let silence settle again.

She rolled forward in her chair. Matthew watch her get animated for the first time since he walked into the room.

"It's like this, Matthew. I'm sure when you first fucked your girlfriend, she loved it, right?" Priya asked.

Matthew's eyes bulged. He shifted in his seat. 

Priya decided to continue without him.

"Don't look so shocked, Matthew. I'm sure she did. You're a good-looking man and I'm sure this office isn't the only place you work hard."

The intern raised his eyebrows and smiled. Priya knew she had him. It was always so easy.

"But..." She started, now twisting a pen in both hands over her desk calendar. "After a while, it just wasn't the same." She looked up at him with big brown eyes. "Right?"

Matthew looked away. He couldn't take his eyes off Priya without seeing some kind of award she had won.

"Well –"

"It's because you were too timid, Matthew. She stayed with you but lost interest in the sex." Priya pulled her dark hair out of its traditional ponytail and shook it loose. Matthew watched.

Priya made sure to look Matthew directly in the eyes. He didn't look away this time.

"Women want variety in the bedroom, Matthew. They want you to dominate them. They want you to be bold."

The intern blushed.

"I'm not sure – "

"Don't interrupt me, Matthew. Women want you to pull their hair. They want you to slap their ass and take control and fuck them like they're slaves. You need to bring that kind of dominance to the courtroom, too."

Matthew's suit was too big, but his pants were too small. Priya noticed a sizable lump stirring inside them.

So did Matthew. The intern shifted in his seat and looked back at the door.

"Does it turn you on to hear me talk like that, Matthew?" Priya asked. She shoved as much huskiness into her voice as she thought the boy could bear. "Don't lie to me. I can see you getting hard."

The bulge in Matthew's pants grew. His face turned an even deeper red.

"...Y-Yes, Ms. Shanka."

Priya watched Matthew's cock grow. She licked her lips and decided to go for it. She waited until he looked up at her before speaking, slowly this time.

"Matthew, get up and lock the door."

Matthew sat frozen in his seat. Priya thought she had pushed too far too fast. She imagined all the sexual harassment claims and paperwork she'd have to waste her time explaining.

Then the intern rose, turned and locked the door. He stood awkwardly, waiting for Priya's next command.

"Take your pants off and sit back down, Matthew," she said. "I want to see your cock."

Matthew unbuttoned his pants and slid them off. Priya saw muscular legs and a fat cock pressed against a pair of blue boxer briefs.

The intern sat back down, his face still crimson. Priya gave him an annoyed look, and he scrambled to slip out of his underwear.

Priya had to smile. The boy looked absurd with his suit jacket on, but he'd probably collapse into tears if she pointed it out. She decided to direct her attention elsewhere.

"Very impressive, Matthew. How big is it?"

Matthew looked down at his cock. He was so excited the shaft was practically bouncing. A single vein ran through the member.

"I don't know," he mumbled.

"Yes, you do," Priya said.

Matthew looked up, grinning.

"Okay, it's 7 inches," he said.

Priya pushed herself off her desk and crossed the room. She knelt in front of Matthew, letting the intern notice her unbuttoned blouse. She saw him glance down her shirt.

Priya wrapped a slender hand around Matthew's cock. He let out a shaky breath.

"So nervous," she whispered. "How long has it been since you lost your girlfriend, Matthew?"

Matthew looked down at the dark, beautiful woman holding his cock. Her fingernails were painted blood red. His heart raced.

"A –" He drew in a sharp breath. Priya had started slowly jerking his cock. "A month."

Priya smirked. She took her other hand and grazed Matthew's balls with her fingernails.

"Poor boy. These things must be so full."

Matthew had closed his eyes and was breathing heavily. Priya could tell he wouldn't last long – not the first time, anyway.

"Let's drain them, Matthew," she said. "Would you like that?" She tugged harder on his cock. "Would you like to shoot a load for your boss?"

Matthew closed his eyes tighter.

"Yes, Ms. Shanka," he whispered.

Priya pumped her intern's cock with one hand and massaged his balls with the other. She wanted him inside her – but not yet.

Priya began twisting her hand slightly as she jerked her intern off.

"So cum for me, Matthew. Empty your balls on your boss's face. Use me like a –"

Matthew interrupted her again. She looked up and saw the intern give her a look of tight pleasure. His balls started contracting. Priya closed her eyes and pointed his cock at her mouth.

Matthew's hips bucked as he came on Priya's face.

"Good boy," she said. "Good fucking boy."

She took the first shot of cum in her mouth, swallowing it quickly. The hot, sticky fluid tasted slightly sweet.

But Priya wanted a face full. She closed her mouth and held Matthew's cock steady as he dumped cum on her nose, chin and forehead. A stray shot hit her neck and dripped down her breasts.

Matthew came for a full 20 seconds before his cock settled down and shrank in Priya's grip. When the intern finally opened his eyes, he saw his boss's dark features and makeup smeared with his load.

Matthew's breath remained ragged as Priya began scooping his cum off her face with two fingers. He watched the intimidating attorney – one eye on him, the other covered in cum – slowly suck his juices from her fingers.

"You taste so good, Matthew," Priya moaned. She was wet. Her whole body felt hot.

Watching the most powerful woman he knew lick his cum from her fingers was too much for Matthew. He felt himself stiffening.

Priya noticed too. She scooped the last of his cum from her face, then licked Matthew's shaft from bottom to top, cleaning up the strands of cum that had stayed there.

Matthew felt dizzy. He was rock-hard again. Suddenly he felt Priya's tongue on his balls.

Priya looked up at the intern and smiled.

"You're going to fuck me now, Matthew. Try to last a little longer this time."