 The gentle knock on the door pulled me out of my writing trance.

"Hey professor!"

I didn't need to turn my head to know it was Helena. I could tell by the voice alone, having spent so much time working with her over the past three years in my media classes. Seeing her bounding into my office was always one of the most welcome parts of my week.

--------------------

I teach television production at a public university in the southwest U.S. The program attracts all kinds of students, most of whom come with some vague interest in being on camera, producing the news, or making movies. One of my jobs is to help them channel their vague interest into something they want to do for life as a professional. I like to say my job is half inspiration, half teaching actual skills, and half crisis counselor. Media folks aren't good at math.

Most of the students coming into our program are women. I suppose it's not much of a surprise given that a beautiful woman is made for the camera. I certainly didn't go into teaching because of this demographic, but being around gorgeous young women as part of my job certainly is a nice perk. I'm a pretty average looking guy -- decent looking enough and nearly 6 feet tall -- so I've never really been the type of man that women are just dying to give their attention to. I have to admit that part of the fun of my job is that I often get undivided attention from these young ladies as part of the teaching process.

My female students get a little flirty with me, but I think that's pretty normal in mentoring relationships. It's always in fun, because they're grateful to be getting knowledge that helps them or you spend extra time helping them. I have never taken it to mean anything more than superficial behavior, and because of that I have a little fun with the relationship too. Despite my average looks, I know one area where I'm more gifted than most men. Not only do I have an 8-inch cock, but it gets pretty thick when it's erect. Because of that I like to wear jeans that are tight around the crotch when I teach. I don't teach while aroused or anything, but there is a detectable bulge there simply from stuffing too much into too little space, and I enjoy the occasional fleeting glances from my female students as I pace the class during working labs. My students have never acted on any friendly flirtation, but they know what I have under the hood so fair is fair, I suppose.

Helena has always been a special one to me. I've been at my school for 15 years now and in my time I haven't worked with any student more closely than her. She's one of those rare students who come in knowing what to do and she is someone who has done some early reading and study to figure out where she needs to be. In other words, she's prepared for her studies, not fishing for a career. Because of that I have gotten to work more closely to help her further along, and as a professor it's a rare treat to get an advanced student and get to help them.

I was attracted to Helena the minute I saw her in my first class with her. She's exactly the kind of woman I consider to be most attractive, with a short and compact body (about 5-foot-3) with auburn hair. Short women with small breasts just do it for me, and Helena was all that and more. The first time I saw her in a class she was wearing a loose-fitting V-neck t-shirt and apparently with no bra, as her pokey nipples suggested thanks to an overly air-conditioned room. She was wearing tight-fitting jean shorts that showed off her gorgeous toned legs. As I paced the room during lab I couldn't keep from glancing at her occasionally, wondering who she was and hoping she was taking this class because she was majoring in our department.

Fortunately she was. She first came to my office about two weeks after that first class looking for help on setting up a video project she wanted to do on the side. Music to my ears -- a student wanting to do extra work beyond the requirements? I spent a lot of time working with her on the light and sound setup, and then talking through different types of editing forms in post-production.

Through this whole labor of love I got to know Helena better. She was a sharp student with a wonderful mind and infectious laugh. We often found ourselves joking around about story ideas. I have to admit over time I let my guard down a bit more, suggesting more risqué titles for her segments that had nothing to do with the content but were clever plays on words that would get more viewer attention. A smarter version of myself would realize this was a sexual harassment lawsuit waiting to happen, but Helena would laugh at the suggestions and occasionally use them. It only encouraged me.

The thing I really liked about her is that she was normal and down to earth despite being in a sorority. A lot of sorority girls have a bitchy or better-than-you attitude, in my experience, but Helena was a normal girl. I saw her exhibit random acts of kindness to other students in classes, helping them out even if she wasn't getting credit for it. She was just a genuinely nice young woman with a maturity that was much more advanced than most of her peers, and was hard not to be attracted to that.

Often times Helena would stop by my office after most of my colleagues had gone home, seeking for help. Again, a smarter version of me would probably have asked her to come back when there were others around so there would be no hint of impropriety, but I found it harder to say no to her.

"You're 'that professor' to me," she mused one day while we were meeting in my office to go over her latest website stats.

"Hmmm?" I said, figuring I knew what she meant but I let her elaborate.

"You know, like how everyone has that professor that inspires them to do bigger and better things or see the world in a whole new way," she said. "I don't thank you very much, but I do want you to know that you're that professor I'll always remember. You're the one who inspired me to pursue my dreams without forcing it on me. Some profs here basically are trying to force you to live their dreams, but you just listen and encourage me based on what I am thinking I want. I feel empowered because of how you mentor me."

It's always nice to hear these things. I told her thanks and reminded her that's why I do what I do, that it's important she get everything she needs from the college experience so she can be successful in life.

"Funny," she said.

"Pardon?" I asked. "I wasn't making a joke there, I promise!"

"No," she said. "What I mean is it's funny how we talk about student-professor relationships like it's all about the student experience. Nobody ever thinks about what the professors want or need. I promise I won't be like that. We are going to be lifelong friends."

I swallowed a little, not sure what she meant but the dirty mind in me had high hopes. Fortunately she returned to her analysis and I had no time to push the issue against my better judgment.

One evening Helena wanted to go over a design change to her video so we sat next to each other at a table in my office, where she could show me on her laptop what she wanted to do. We sat next to one another and her scent was intoxicating, a mix of perfume and hair conditioner that gave off the vibe of a young woman full of life. A few times during the session I leaned in to play around with some of the video clip ordering on the laptop and our legs touched around the thigh and knee area. The touch of her beautiful bronze leg to my thigh, combined with her intoxicating aroma, was like an electric jolt in my body. This happened a couple times, and then at one point she reached for the keyboard trackpad to stop me from changing something, and at that point we touched hands. Another jolt to me, feeling the skin-to-skin touch. Innocent stuff, but I was her professor. I might as well have groped her.

I could feel my erection growing. In this case the tight jeans worked against me in ways that were literally painfully obvious. At one point I caught her sneaking a glance down at my bulging crotch and I was embarrassed, trying to cover up the growing problem in my pants without calling attention to it.

That night ended fairly quickly and without lines being crossed, but she did give me a quick thank-you hug on the way out for the first time ever. It was not the last time we had moments like this, and I found that she was stopping by more in after-hours time to get help. I couldn't tell if she was trying to tease me or if she was trying to gauge my interest. She clearly had seen my interest south of my belt line, but that didn't mean I'd act on it.

--------------------

Thus today's knock on the door and the standard "Hey professor!" greeting. It was after hours again, but Helena didn't have much reason to be here. Classes were over and she was about to graduate, just waiting during that standard week we have between final exams and graduation. Why was she here?

She looked good. Damn good. She was wearing a tight t-shirt that all of the women in her sorority had and it showed off the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra. What was it with her and no bra? I immediately could make out her nipples but tried not to stare. What I would give to suck those things.

She was showing off her legs too, wearing those short soccer shorts she had from playing varsity ball for four years. Tennis shoes with no socks and a musty odor in the air. I think she'd just come from a workout because her hair was a bit tousled and she had a bit of a sweat going. I shifted uncomfortably behind my desk to hide my growing erection. This girl was a hot little vixen.

"How are you?" I asked her with genuine curiosity. That weird zone between finished classes and graduation is always hard on the student who is about to start a new phase of life.

"A bit frazzled, actually," she replied as she closed the door behind her -- I made a mental note of this, with my mind racing to be sure I'd seen all my colleagues leave today so they wouldn't think anything was going on. "I'm trying to get everything packed up so it's ready for my move. I start work the Wednesday after graduation so I'm on a really tight timeline. I've been working all day getting stuff boxed from four years of living in the same apartment."

Helena had landed a sweet job working on the set of a major motion picture, the chance to study under a top director in Hollywood. I was so incredibly proud to hear the news and she was plainly excited to get going.

"I remember those days. Just don't forget to enjoy the ride. Graduation only comes once and don't lose sight of how you got here, let alone miss the moment right in front of you. Anyway, what brings you by? You don't want to change some edits again, do you?"

The joke made her laugh. This was a regular occurrence with her.

"Actually no, I just wanted to get a chance to thank you for all you've done for me. My parents are in town to help me pack and I was afraid I might miss you at graduation with all the activity that goes on there."

She had a few tears in her eyes and came to me for a hug. I stretched out my arms and swallowed her up, and even though I was her adviser it was just dawning on me that we were going to be saying goodbye to one another at some point soon. I had gotten too close to her and now I didn't want her to go. 

She leaned in close, a bit too close. Closer than she'd ever leaned before. We'd hugged in the past, but this was different. She was melting into me this time. I instinctively wrapped my arms around her tight. I found myself grateful that finals were over, and that means everybody was gone and likely not coming back until fall classes were starting. It was just Helena and I and suddenly I was feeling like I could get a bit naughty if she pushed it.

Helena stayed like that for a spell, resting her head on my chest. I felt like a dad hugging his daughter, so proud of her and so fond of the close bond we'd built over the years. But I wasn't just a father; I was a mentor and a friend who'd guided her through some growing years.

Unfortunately I also was attracted to her, and the smell of strawberries wafting from her hair wasn't helping. I had to shift because of the ache forming in my pants. My cock was loving this moment even as I tried to cover up the fact. Helena leaned into me and brushed up against the bulge in my jeans, perhaps by accident but perhaps not. I froze, not sure how to react. But she just sighed a bit and I wasn't sure how to take that.

"I'm sorry," I said. "I don't know what got in to me."

She looked up at me, deep into my eyes with the kind of stare you only get from those you know intimately. I've spent a lot of time with this girl for three years. We both cherished what we had. Me, the mentor glad to give time to an eager student willing to apply themselves. Her, the student hungry to learn and grateful for time from someone who is willing to share their expertise.

"I know what got into you," she said. "At some point I feel like you stopped being my professor ..."

".... and we started being friends," I finished.

"Yeah, that's about right. And I don't want to say goodbye and lose that."

"Still," I said, "I know that it isn't cool to get aroused around a student, even one I'm close with. There's the age difference, the fact that I have a position of power in terms of your grade, and so on. I don't like the thought that I'm taking advantage of a student."

"Not anymore," she said with a smile. "I'm about to graduate, remember?"

Was this an invitation? I told her I was flattered.

"It's a compliment. A big one, apparently," she said, suddenly raising her eyes with a bit of mischief in her voice. "Shouldn't our relationship for once not be entirely about what I'm getting out of it?"

"I don't know what to say," I said. "But I care about you too much to force something like this. You don't owe me anything. I should be thanking you. It's not every day a gorgeous young woman wants to hang out with a guy like me."

The room went quiet for a bit.

"You think I'm gorgeous?"

"I think you're a knockout," I replied.

I had never thought really about fucking one of my students other than in the wild fantasies I enjoyed in the privacy of my own mind. Sure I liked the give and take, where the students would flirt thinking it would get them leniency in the final grading (it didn't) and I'd tease back with tight jeans, but actually fucking a student is a line I never thought about actually crossing. Not that I'd ever had the chance, but I know it's hard to go back.

And yet there she was. Even if I would have fucked this gorgeous young thing in a second, I found it hard to believe the desire was mutual. I was dizzy.

All pretenses and fake putting-up-a-fight behavior was gone.

"I don't think this is a good idea, Helena,"

Silently, she dropped to her knees and started undoing my belt.

"I mean, I could get in trouble and your graduation would be in jeopardy if anyone found out. And I really mean it when I say I don't want you to think I was helping you all this time so we could do ..... this."

Her hands were shaking a little bit as if she was doing something she'd wanted to do for a long time but was now finally realizing the moment. She carefully undid the button on my jeans and pulled my zipper down. The only thing separating her and my cock was a thin layer of cotton from my boxer shorts.

My protestations weren't going to matter. I decided to just go with it. I was about to get sucked off by my student

The next moment felt like an eternity. She was clearly able to see what was there and just stared. I felt like she was making a mental guess about its length just based on the outline and the bulge. She was breathing a bit more raggedly now. I should have known what was coming next -- I mean, my pants were down in the middle of my office -- but at the same idea I had no idea what was coming. My brain was basically not working well.

She reached for the elastic on my boxers and pulled it away from my body, then pulled my shorts down. My cock practically jumped out at her, and she let out an audible gasp. Like I said, 8 inches, but at this point there was so much pent-up sexual energy that I am sure it had way more girth than normal. Length is overrated, in my opinion; in my experience I get much more attention when my cock is thick.

"It's beautiful," she said, admiring my bulbous purple head and the network of throbbing veins that twisted around my rock-hard shaft.

Helena looked up at me, as if even though she'd pulled my pants down she was still begging for permission to touch it. I looked into her eyes and merely nodded. She reached out with her small hand and touched it mid-shaft, then wrapped her hand around it. She had a look of wonder in her eyes as she did it.

"It's harder to get my hand around you than I thought it would be. You are just so ....."

Her voiced trailed off. She didn't have to say it. But hearing the compliment from this beautiful young woman only made me swell. I swear my cock got a half-inch thicker in response, but that could be the sexual daze talking. Either way, the head was growing more purple and urgent by the minute, and it was noticeable. I didn't want to ask anything of her, but I wanted her to want it. To want to do something.

I think she knew. Helena smiled that beautiful wide smile of hers, then leaned in and kissed the head of my throbbing cock. I gasped at the sensation of her beautiful lips on my throbbing cock,. I couldn't believe this was happening. Then she parted her lips and took me just past the head, then back, then further down the shaft, then back. I groaned out of pleasure, not believing my luck and not sure if this was some sort of dream. She was trying to see how feasible it was to get me in there, and she became more bold. I had to crash back into my office chair, knees too weak from the pleasure I was feeling. Helena just took that as a sign to go further, scooting up to me and burying her face in the effort with a crazed look of lust in her eyes.

Within seconds she was bobbing up and down on my thick rod with expertise and reckless abandon. She was damn good at this, and if her moans were any indication she was getting some pleasure out of this herself.

I was seeing a different side of Helena. She was a nice girl, but she was showing a wilder side to her that I hadn't seen before. It just made me want her more, this feeling I had as I watched her innocent student charm melt away in a pool of unfettered sexual thrill. I was starting to breathe heavy with the occasional grown as she took in about 80% of my cock. I instinctively reached for her hair first, playing with those gorgeous strands as she continued to work her magic.

If she was just doing this because she felt obligated, there was no sign of it. She licked around the head with precision and sucked like she was on a mission. She was good at this. I looked longingly at her as her head rose and fell in my lap. Her hair was pulled back into a short ponytail and she stared at me with a kind of tenderness I didn't expect. She was taking her time to make this excellent, and I had no complaints.

Eventually my hands dipped below her shirt collar, fondling those mysterious unharnessed breasts and squeezing her nipples. She gasped with pleasure and pulled her head off my cock. She pulled the rest of my pants and boxers off and made me stand up so she could remove my shirt. While she did that, I started to work on her pants and underwear.

The only thing left was her blouse, and I slowly unbuttoned it, half out of anticipation and half because I was trying to stay focused in my delirium. Finally the last button, and as I pulled her blouse back to her shoulders I saw her perfect young breasts for the first time. They were beautiful, something in the 32A range and pointing upwards even without her fully erect nipples. They were perfect for everything I wanted to do to them. I touched her soft flesh and she sighed as I caressed her perfect tits. 
