 "Good morning everyone ..." the principal announced at staff briefing, "I'd like to introduce Sheila O'Connor. Sheila is joining us from Ireland and is here on a brief professional exchange." Up to that point I hadn't been paying too much attention, staff briefing's are never interesting at any time but as I saw Sheila stand I thought now might be as good a time as any to look interested ...

I saw a few walk to greet her - you - and as I headed off to my office I quickly pushed in before the resident sleaze and introduced myself. You took my hand with a warm smile which I was taken by, and your accent, well I hoped that I'd be able to hear it again soon ...

Mondays are good for me, only two classes and often the other Deans have full timetables so I usually have the office to myself but I was pleasantly surprised to see you walk past and even more so when you waved. I opened the door ... 

"Hey, you look lost."

There was that smile again ... 'I sort of am I guess, I'm supposed to be with Sue? Is that her name? But she had to go deal with some kids ...'

"Yep, that's her name. She's one of the APs. I'm just about to make myself a drink, would you like one ...?!?"

'I'd love that.' I moved aside for you to enter. The Dean's office overlooks the playing fields and the windows are one-way so it's easy and quite pleasant to sit and watch what goes on, especially the senior girls who would fucking flirt recklessly with the boys, and also try to with myself and the other PE staff ... I handed you your drink as you sat in one of the free chairs. I also sat and was quite surprised at how quickly you seemed to feel comfortable in my presence ...

We chatted easily - Work - Travel - Working with kids - You laughed easily, I guess that is just part of your nature ... The bell rang and broke the moment, I cursed under my breath and I laughed when you swore as well ...

Blushing slightly as you realised that I had heard, you apologised but I laughed and said ... 

"I love it when you talk dirty!!!!"

'You haven't heard anything yet ...', you replied 

"Well then, maybe I'll just have to hang around you more often"

'I hope you do ...', you replied as you pushed past me, brushing against me as you did so ...

'Is that for me or for someone else ...?!?' you asked after gazing at my growing cock ...

"Depends on what you're doing after school?!?" 

'Maybe I could 'do' you -'

It was immediately clear to me - and my cock - that this 'Exchange' was going to be more than just 'Professional' ... The day dragged on and on and it was obvious to the kids that I was distracted - Monday staff meeting proved to be no more exciting than usual, and apart from the furtive glances I gave and received from you nothing of any note happened ... Not that I can recall now anyway -

I checked my pigeon-hole and discarded the usual rubbish, and filed the usual pile of referrals from teachers too useless or incompetent to deal with even the most basic stuff dished up by their kids ... I made my way to my office and farewelled the other Deans as they headed off to other meetings or home for the day -

I dumped my bags on the bench and pulled up my chair, opened my laptop and started wading through the usual admin stuff when I heard a light tap on the door ...

"Yip - Come in ..." I called.

'Hey ...' I recognised that voice immediately and turned to be greeted by your beaming smile ...

"Hey ..." I said as I stood and welcomed you in ...

You moved towards me and as if we had done this a million times you stepped into my open arms. Being the gentleman that I am I pulled you towards me and proceeded to give you a light kiss on your cheek.

'Is that the best you can manage?!?' you asked as you lifted your face and mouth towards me ...

Unsure of how far to go, I gave you a light kiss on your soft lips and felt your hand pull my head harder towards yours and your lips part slightly, your tongue teased apart my lips and I felt it slide against my open lips and into my mouth to be greeted by my own tongue - I slid my hand down your back and cupped your arse, you pushed your leg between mine and I felt and heard you moan ...

'Now that's much better ... ' you said as you smiled and moved away slightly to glance down at my growing cock.

"I've taught it to stand in the presence of a lady ..."

'You've taught it well ...', you replied as you slid your hand down the front of my shirt and cupped my cock. I felt your soft hand stroking my cock and then undid the zipper and pushed your hand into my trousers ... It was my turn to moan now as I felt my cock being slowly stroked as your eyes held mine - I couldn't keep them open as you pulled my cock through the front of my boxers ...

You pushed me back towards my chair and held onto my cock as I sat down. You kneeled in front of me as you undid the button of my trousers and pulled them down further and past my knees. You released my cock only to tug down my boxers. All the while your sparkling eyes held my gaze, daring me to look away ...

I don't know how you had managed to do it but somehow you had unbuttoned your top and your breasts were there although 'held' inside your bra. You quickly released the clasp at the front and as your breasts fell free you grabbed them and cupped my cock in their grasp ...

"FU-UU-UU-UU-ck ..." is all I could manage through gritted teeth -

'Not yet ... sure you will ...' you breathed as you leaned down to cup the glowing head of my cock in your mouth ...

My head was swimming as I looked down to see your tongue curling around my shaft, I reached down to stroke your hair - and to make sure that you didn't suddenly have a change of heart, though somehow I knew you wouldn't, as I did so your head started to bob up and down, coating my cock with your saliva which eased the movements of your hand ... I felt your breasts resting on my thighs and I could see the nipples stiffen as you caressed both them and my cock ...

Soft moans echoed around my office, both from you and me - I saw you move one hand down my thigh and then between your legs, I wanted to be able to slide my feet up between your legs as well to where I guess your hand was but you had my legs spread and as you worked on my cock I could sense you working on your pussy ...

I reluctantly lifted your head and helped you to stand, as I did so I pulled your hand from between your legs and moved it to my mouth, your scent immediately wafted to my nostrils and as I placed the fingers into my mouth I could taste the sweetness that I knew I would soon get for myself - You quickly took off my shirt and I kicked off my shoes, trousers and boxers - As I did so you stepped back and allowed your shirt and bra to fall to the floor - You started to undo your skirt but I stopped you and turned you towards the windows and had you lean across the bench ...

I slowly undid the buttons and pushed your skirt to the floor, you spread your legs and I reached around and cupped your breast with one hand as I cupped your arse with the other - I moved forward and slid my cock against your arse - You moved back towards me and wriggled it against the head of my cock, it pushed your panties higher into your crack and I felt my cock twitch against the silkiness that held what I wanted ...

Moving both hands to the front now I cupped and tweaked your breasts and nipples, while humping the head of my cock against your arse ...

'I ... hope ... you're ... going ... to ... get ... rid ... of ... my ... panties ... before ... you ... AHHHHHH -' 

Your breathless protestations were cut short as I quickly removed my hands from your breasts and ripped your panties off - I quickly and smoothly lifted you up onto the bench and as you placed your hands on the window I had your arse presented to me ... And I darted my tongue up and down your crack, as I slipped two fingers into your swollen pussy -

Your pussy spasmed on my fingers as I teased them into the warm depths of what was there for my delight. You gasped as I slid them higher and you started to slowly squat on them forcing my fingers higher into you, as you did so your wriggled your arse again ... You had one hand tweaking your nipple as you held yourself up against the window - As I slowly started to finger-fuck you I leaned forward and gently nipped your back, leaving small red marks as I did so, and I reached up and pulled at your nipple ... All the while the moans increased as you fucked yourself on my fingers ...

At one point you sat up and as you did so I placed my thumb up against your arsehole and feeling it there, you slowly eased down and as your breath was forced from between your parted lips I started thrusting my hand, three fingers into your dripping pussy and my thumb into the tightness of your arse ...

'Oh ... My ... Fucking ... GODD-DD-DD-DD ...' Was all you could manage as I 'assaulted' your pussy and your arse ... I continued to nip at you and you arched your back and I leaned forward to suck your neck ...

'Please ... fuck ... me-ee-ee-ee-ee ...'

My reply was to remove my fingers slowly and then just as slowly push them back in ...

"Say - it - again - ..."

'FUCK-ME ...'

I pulled my hands away from you and helped down off the bench - I had to hold you as your knees almost buckled ... I sat back down onto my chair and as I did so I lifted you up onto my lap ... Your legs straddled the arms of my big, leather chair and as I held you above my cock I gazed into your eyes ...

"No ... You fuck me -" as I lowered your hungry cunt onto my waiting cock ...

You held on to the back of the chair as you lowered yourself onto me ... Teasing me as I had teased you, you pressed the head of my cock against the swollen lips of your cunt ... And then with as much effort as you could manage you lifted yourself back up, there was a soft pop as I felt the lips of your pussy reluctantly release the head of my cock ...

Down again you moved, using the arms of my chair and the back for leverage ... Deeper this time I felt my cock move and then I grabbed your hips and you were immediately impaled on my throbbing cock ...

We knew the time for teasing had passed as you released your hold on the back of the chair and allowed yourself to sink my cock as far as it would go ...

'GOD-DD-DD-DD ...'

We both uttered in unison as I leaned forward and took your nipple between my lips and tweaked it ... 

"FUCK-ME Sheila ... FUCK-ME ... FUCK-ME ..."

You rode my cock like there was going to be no tomorrow ... And as I leaned back into my chair I could feel my balls begin to tighten ... You bounced up and down, your breasts before me as I held your arse and guided you as you took us both towards orgasm ...

Your pussy twitched as the muscles milked me, I held your hips as you rode the length of my shaft ... Your breathing came in short gasps as did mine, I leaned towards your swaying breast and taking a nipple in between my lips I tugged at it as your body arched ...

I released my hold on your nipple as I grabbed your hips and pulled you down on to me ... I arched my back too and thrust my hips up off the chair as we both shuddered to orgasm, you fell backward and I held you as I felt your cunt gripping the base of my cock - It was all too much as I felt my cum fire into your pussy - Your pussy spasmed again as I felt a flood of our combined cum flow from your pussy and down over my balls ...

I pulled you up and against me, your heaving chest evidence of the exertion, sweat glistened off my head and I pulled you to me and kissed your sweet lips ...

I held you to me as my cock twitched and dwindled within its silky 'prison' ...

I rolled my chair towards the bench and lifted you up onto it ... As I did so you placed your feet on the arms of my chair and you lay back against the cool glass as I lowered my head down to the source of your sweet nectar ... Sliding your arse towards me I leaned forward and tenderly dragged my tongue across your swollen clit, more shuddering as your cum continued to seep from your pussy ... I lifted my head and held your gaze ...

"I think I'm going to enjoy this Professional Exchange ..." I whispered as I looked up at you -

'Oh I KNOW I will ...' was your breathless reply -

'Now lick me ...'