 Author's note: I am an Irish woman in my forties, and I write (in UK English) from that perspective. I welcome your feedback and suggestions. 

***

My hip was very painful. There were darts of pain from my lower back shooting down my left leg as far as my knee. I am an idiot. What did I expect would happen if I run 10k? I could only just about manage to run 5k non stop after 9 weeks of training. I felt good at the end of my 5k and thought that I could just keep running. My 42 year old body was not able to handle that and I developed an "IT band" injury, as the masseur later told me. To add to my woes, I had had a crick in my neck for a couple of days too. I felt like a rusty door creaking at every joint.

So I knocked at the masseur's door, full of hope and expectation. A friendly smile opened the door. His eyes crinkling at the corners. After a brief greeting I followed him down the hall. As I walked behind him, I noticed his firm ass beneath the navy combats. My eyes also lingered over his broad shoulders and biceps that were barely contained by his t-shirt. Mike was in his 40s, like me. He had dark hair and a slight paunch that made me just want to cuddle into him. Gym-honed abs are overrated. They make me too self conscious about my own jiggly bits and soft curves.

Once in the treatment room, Mike asked me to undress and lie beneath the sheet. He politely left to allow me privacy. I smirked to myself at the restrained professionalism of Mike, my masseur.

We had been texting for about two weeks. It started professionally enough, with me asking for an appointment. Before long, my bawdy humour got involved. I joked about the kinky positions I had been in, which resulted in the injury, before admitting the truth. There were a few texts which crossed the line between client and masseur, or two people who are married to others. To tell the truth, his texts got me wondering about him and his private desires, kinks, likes and dislikes.

Then Mike texted me one night when he was drunk. It was so unprofessional and out of character that I assumed the text was meant for someone else. Being the slutty minded girl that I am, I replied in a similar tone. Things got fairly steamy and the message exchange continued for a week or so. 

As my appointment date approached, we texted about what we would do once I was oiled up and mostly naked on his treatment table. While it was all very hot, we were both married. Neither of us wanted to cross this line in real life. It was just textual banter and a bit of fun. I assured him that I did actually need knots worked out of my muscles. Reluctantly, he agreed to treat me on the condition that we both promised to behave. 

Now, I was face down under a sheet wearing just panties. I was trembling with nerves, anticipation and expectation. Some of our texting included his admission that he had got turned on in the past when treating me. I had fantasised too while his magic hands roamed over my muscles working out various knots. 

The door opened a crack and Mike called out to check if it was ok to enter. I do not know if I was relieved or disappointed that he was being so professional.

We spoke about my pain and muscle issues. Mike decided to start work on my knee, but explained he would need to work up my leg into my hip.

My pussy was wet before he touched me. Despite our reassurances that nothing could or would happen after our steamy texts, I still hoped that something might. But I also feared something would happen. Earlier, I carefully shaved and moisturized everywhere. I was wearing black lacey panties, instead of more sensible and modest bikini type panties. 

Mike lifted the sheet just enough to expose my injured right leg as far as my mid thigh. I heard him rubbing oils between his hands and then he touched me. My awareness went directly to where his warm firm hands were touching. I wanted to savor his touch, so that I could recall it later. Mike's two thumbs were on the back of my knee while his fingers were wrapped around my knee, firmly massaging the tender area. His hands sliding smoothly over and around my right leg. Fingers gently flicking up my inner thigh. I couldn't tell if it was intentional, but this slow creep of his fingers up my thigh was deliciously teasing. He was just inches from my pussy. I shifted on the table and widened my legs a little, willing him to cross that processional line. 

Suddenly the hands left my thigh, and for a few seconds I thought the session was finished early. Mike then lifted the sheet further to expose my upper leg, hip and waist.

"Damn!" Mike exclaimed. "That's a nice ass."

"Thanks", I purred. "You can touch it, if you like."

I felt a sharp sting across my ass as Mike spanked me.

"Naughty girl! We already agreed that nothing can happen."

The stinging slap sent sparks of sensation throughout my body. It was such a contrast to his warm firm massaging touch and so sudden. I braced myself for the next slap, but it never came. Instead I felt his warm firm touch as Mike continued massaging my hip, working out the knots. 

After a few minutes I felt Mike's fingers move from my outer hip towards the middle of my back and along the edge of the leg of my panties. He gently move the fabric off one ass cheek and into my crack. Then his hands moved all around my right ass cheek, occasionally grazing my crack and reaching down lower towards my pussy. Again, I couldn't tell if he was purposely teasing me, or if he was genuinely treating me. My injured IT band does originate in the hip and goes down to the knee. Mike's hands on my ass were bringing relief to that pain. However, his hands were also building up a want and a longing inside me. I was lying there thinking about him on top of me. Fucking me hard or bending me over the table and taking me from behind. As his fingers probed and fondled my ass I was mentally willing them to move lower or move under my panties. 

Oh my God. I was so turned on. I pushed my pussy into the bed to get some sort of relief. That just frustrated me more. 

WHACK! Mike slapped my ass again. The sting brought a delicious contrast to the warm wet heat I was feeling.

(This story was first published to www.literotica.com by HottieHousewife. The author has not given permission for it to be published anywhere else.)

"Ok, you can turn over."

Mike held the sheet up in front of his face to preserve my modesty as I turned. The gesture made me smile as all I wanted him to do was throw away the damn sheet and get on top of me.

Instead, I just had to play along. I settled on my back, making sure my legs were spread as wide as the narrow treatment table allowed. I also made sure that the sheet rested a little low over my 34f breasts so that Mike could get a good look at my cleavage. A quick look down and I was happy with the amount of exposure combined with the obvious outline of my hardened and aroused nipples poking through the sheet. 

As I was settling myself, I looked at Mike and he was looking at me. I noticed his eyes flash across my body before he got back to working on my knee. I had to endure another ten minutes of Mike's fingers grazing my inner thigh. I just couldn't stand the build up of sexual tension any more.

"Please", I whispered. "Touch me."

"You know I can't do that", was his maddening reply.

The teasing had brought me to such high levels of sexual anticipation. My pussy ached to have something to grip. I would have settled for one of his fingers. Even just to be touched there. I moved my left knee so that it was off the bed and opened my pussy. My hands went under the sheet and under my panties and I shameless started stroking myself.

"Are you.....?" Mike asked grinning at me.

"Fuck you, you damn tease" I gasped out between strokes. "You've left me no choice. I'm so freekin turned on right now!"

Mike just chuckled and moved up from my left knee to message my left thigh. At first, I assumed he was maintaining his professionalism. Then I realized his stiff cock was pressing against my right arm as he reached over me. I stopped playing with my pussy and held my glistening fingers up to his face.

"Do you see how wet I am for you?" My voice was breathy.

Mike took my hand and swallowed four fingers. Sucking them thoroughly clean of my juices.

He reached under the sheet and grazed my pussy lips through my soaked panties. It was the lightest touch and I needed so much more. He continued with light caresses and gentle strokes for a few minutes. My right hand caressed the outline of his cock through his pants. I was at an awkward angle and couldn't do much for him. I fumbled with his zip, but couldn't open it.

"Get it out for me", I ordered.

"No!"

"Go on, please! I need to see you, to feel you. You must be uncomfort....aaaahhh"

My words were cut off as Mike finally moved his fingers under my panties and found my clit. He jammed two fingers inside me, fully coating them in my juices and slid up to my clit with a long slow smooth stroke. His fingers danced and glided over my clit sending the most incredible sensations pulsing through my body. I couldn't concentrate on pleasing him through his pants. My soft moans had changed to louder groans, which I had to stifle in case anyone waiting outside would hear. Then Mike started to use his other hand. He swiftly lowered my panties and resumed his onslaught of my clit. Two fingers of his right hand ploughed into my pussy, while his left hand stroked and caressed my clit. I was getting close to cumming, but I felt a bit lonely being the only one mostly naked and about to cum.

"I need your cock inside me now. Please", I begged.

"No!" 

Fuck. He was a damn tease. A deliciously gorgeous tease. His talented fingers kept up their stroking, probing and rubbing. My head was thrown back and I was biting down hard on my lip as I grinded myself against his hands. I felt the warmth spreading in my belly and I held my breath to push it down, down into my clit. Then I exploded. My head flicked forward, my stomach convulsed and my legs shook. I felt a wetness between my legs as a long growl came out of my mouth.

"Holy hell, you just squirt," Mike said laughing and licking his hand.

"Oh fuck, I am sorry!" I gasped. "em..actually, no I'm not. I don't usually squirt. You just made me cum so hard. That was amazing. Lonely, but amazing. Please please, let me give you a blow job!"

"No. But turn over again when you are ready and I can work on your neck."

"Really? After that, you are still Mr. Professional?" I rolled my eyes in resignation, sighed and obligingly rolled over, briefly pausing to pull up my panties. 

Mike moved to the head of the table and proceeded to rub my neck and back around my shoulder blades. I lay there in disbelief and blissful afterglow. I didn't really understand why he wouldn't let me touch him. Frustrated that I didn't even get to kiss him, never mind all the things I wanted to do to his cock. I had cum hard, but I was still unfulfilled and I so wanted to return the favour. His cock was just right there, at my head, as he leaned over me working on my shoulder muscles.

I reached out my hand to stroke his cock through his pants again. "Fuck, you are still rock hard." 

Mike just chuckled and said, "Of course!" as he continued to work on my shoulders.

I wanted some of that cock. I needed it! Lifting myself up onto my elbows, I reached for his zip. This time I could use both hands. I knew I had to work fast, as he would stop me, so I had the zip open and my hand inside his pants in a matter of seconds. Mike's hand flew to mine to pull me off him. I looked up at him, my bare breasts swinging beneath me, and I begged him to let me suck his cock. Mike reluctantly took his hand off mine and released a slow sigh of resignation and I withdrew his cock from his pants. 

His cock was wonderful and long and thick with a large mushroom head. I slurped the head into my warm wet mouth and swirled my tongue around it, tasting his salty pre cum. My right hand began a rhythmic pumping while my left went inside the zip to caress his balls and further behind them. Mike opened his belt and button, giving me easier access. His wonderful hands were pressing down on my back. His cock smelled faintly of soap and his shaft was free of hair with a large pink head. It was really tasty and all I wanted was to swallow him whole. It seemed that I had spent the last two weeks constantly thinking about this moment. My left hand went around his waist and I gripped that tight ass as I pulled him into my mouth. Taking him into me as deeply as I could. My right hand went between his his legs. Mike had admitted to me on text that he liked anal play, but it was something his wife wouldn't do for him. I popped off his cock and gasped for air while coating the fingers of my right hand in saliva. Moments later, I was sucking him into my throat again. I moved my tongue while I massaged his asshole with a wet finger. Gently and slowly, I inserted the finger up to my first knuckle and hear him moan aloud. I kept it still for a few moments while my tongue lashed and lapped his shaft and head. I knew his virgin ass would need a little time to adjust to this new sensation. My finger started to move around his asshole in circles, pressing and pushing against his inner muscle, before I gradually inserted more of my finger into him.

"Ahhh fuck! That is sooo good!" Mike breathed out between gasps and moans. He was really vocal and his moaning and gasping was so errotic.

"You know how to...uungh...suck cock! Thats for sure!"

I smiled, around his delicious dick, at the compliment.

Mike was rocking back and forth now, fucking my face, while his hands were still on my back. I had to move my left hand from butt cheek to his shaft to help prevent him shoving his cock too far down my throat. My eyes were streaming and I was trying to suppress my gag reflex. Saliva was dripping out of my mouth and coating his balls. When his cock was down deep in my throat, my tongue lapped at his balls. By doing this I had enough saliva to keep that finger lubricated and moving. I gave a couple of swallows to clear my mouth of some saliva which contracted my throat around his cock and at the same time I hooked my finger inside him, so that I was pressing on him towards the front. Something worked, because he gasped out a warning that he was going to cum. I think he expected me to pull off, but my left hand went onto his butt cheek again and I pulled him into me. I wasn't going to waste a drop! I could feel his inner muscles tighten and pulse as his orgasm washed over him. It was an incredible sensation and a new one for me. As he finished emptying his cum into my mouth I released his ass and, ever so gently, removed my finger.

It was actually the tastiest cum I have ever had. His cock fitted so nicely in my mouth. I know that sounds weird, but I wanted to swallow buckets of him. I wanted to lick his cum out of someone's pussy, off someone's breasts. I don't think I will ever get enough of it.

Alas, I think that is all that I will ever have though. We are both married and he is a very professional masseur.......almost! 

Wait a minute! I have just got a text from Mike.......

The end, or the beginning???

***

Thanks for reading. Sorry for the little interruption in the middle of the story but I am trying to prevent the thievery that sometimes happens. If you like this story, please rate it anonymously by clicking on the star rating below. This helps my stories gain in popularity and keeps me motivated to write more. 