 This is the second part of the Professor Cooper story. It is strongly urged that you read chapter one first.

*

Emma lay in her bed that night, staring up at the ceiling. Surely that didn't happen. Surely it had been a dream. He wouldn't. Not her professor. But still, she knew it was real. She knew he had. And she had loved it. He treated her like a filthy whore and fucked her, and she ate it up. 

She didn't know what to do now. What-was he going to call her? No, she hadn't given him her number. After he had come, he told her to get dressed and go. No thank you or goodbye. She had come immediately back to her dorm room, told her friends she wasn't feeling well, and stayed in her bed for the rest of the day. 

But what happened tomorrow? Did she see him during office hours? Did she say anything if they ran into each other on campus? Did she just wait to see him until the next class? Did they ever even speak of it again?

She was so confused. It was definitely a relationship she wanted to continue, she just didn't know how.

***

Derek lay in bed that night, grinning. It had been even more amazing than he had expected. God that girl was hot. She called him sir, master. He liked it best when she just called him Professor. It was kind of cute. 

But Jesus. That had been one hell of a day. He wondered how long he could wait before he had to have her again. Luckily he knew Emma had a single apartment. She had been high in the dorm lottery that year and gotten the place every senior dreams for. It was above the school bookstore with a private bathroom, room for a couch, bed and desk to fit comfortably, and shared kitchen space. He could drop in on her practically any time he wished and was almost guaranteed she'd be alone. That was his luck to want a double major-not much of a social life. She did have a boyfriend though-he knew that. But of course that would quickly be remedied. 

Maybe I'll go over there right now, surprise her, he thought. 

No. That was a stupid idea. He could control himself. The thought of her was enough to get him off anyway.

***

Three days later Emma walked into a coffee house and Professor Cooper was there. She considered heading right back out the door she came in, but wanted to be brave. She decided she'd order and leave-what she had been planning to do in the first place-without even so much as looking at him. But she'd make sure he noticed her not noticing him.

"Mocha latte with skim milk please," she ordered.

Out of the corner of her eye she saw Professor Cooper turn around at his table to look at her. She ignored him defiantly. 

The entire time it took to make her drink, she smiled and laughed and talked to the people she knew around the coffee house, but didn't even glance in Professor Cooper's direction. She left with her coffee, not noticing as he stood to follow her.

***

He knew she had seen him in the coffee house. And she wasn't ignoring him in a nervous or awkward way; it seemed she thought she was showing him in some way by not speaking to him. He grinned and followed her.

"That was cute," he said as he easily caught up with her.

She jumped, having not noticed him.

"Excuse me?" she asked, trying not to stare at him.

"Ignoring me," he said. "It was cute."

She didn't bother to reply. They continued walking together. It wasn't strange to be seen together; at St. James professors and their students were often close friends. 

"I'm going to the bookstore and then sneaking upstairs," Derek said. "You better be there to let me in."

"And what if I'm not?" she asked insolently.

"Oh look," he tugged lightly on one of her braids, "you're being cute again."

He entered the bookstore and began to browse.

Emma stood outside for a moment, contemplating. He grinned as he saw her enter and head up to her room. After a few minutes, when he was sure no one was looking, he slipped upstairs after her.

She opened the door and pulled him inside before he got the chance to knock.

He pushed her against the closed door and kissed her hard. She moaned and kissed back.

He pulled away and surveyed the room.

"Pretty nice," he said, dropping himself onto the couch.

"I think so," she said.

"What does Zach think?" he asked.

Fuck. Zach. Her boyfriend. She had practically forgotten about him ever since the incident with Professor Cooper three days earlier.

"Um. Yeah I think he likes it," she replied.

"Shame. He's never going to see it again," Derek announced.

"Excuse me?" 

"I don't do seconds. And sometimes I'm going to want you when it's not convenient for you, I don't want some boyfriend asking questions about anything," he explained.

"You're asking me to break up with my boyfriend and then at times drop everything so you can fuck me?" Emma asked incredulously.

"Yes. Do you have a problem with that?"

She thought about it. Actually, she really didn't have a problem with it. Professor Cooper was everything she dreamed about, and the sex was amazing. Plus, her relationship with Zach was more about comfort than anything anymore. She wouldn't be missing much, and she'd be gaining a lot.

"That's what I thought," Derek laughed.

He patted a spot next to him on the couch. Emma didn't move. He raised an eyebrow at her. She smiled and sat next to him.

He unzipped his pants and pulled out his member. She glared at him.

"So this is how it's going to be? No niceties? Just straight up fucking?" she asked.

"I might talk to you once in a while," he grinned wickedly. "But basically this is how it's going to be."

She looked at him and brushed some of his hair out of his face. She wasn't about to give him up just because he wasn't going to let her cuddle.

She leaned over and licked the tip of his head. He pushed his hips forward and she took him. As she worked up and down, throat muscles flexing and nostrils flaring, he didn't do anything. She expected it to be like last time. She wanted it to be like last time.

She slowly let him out of her mouth, dragging her teeth lightly along his underside.

"May I speak, sir?" she asked.

He grinned. "Good girl. Go ahead."

"Will you fuck my face and call me a slut?" she said. It felt so weird to say it out loud, but that was what she wanted. "Please, sir?"

He slapped her. She gasped and held her face.

"I'll do whatever I want, you little whore," he snarled.

She smiled slightly. He grabbed her head and forced it onto him.

"I'm not going to fuck your face, slut," he said. "I'm making you do all the work. And it better be good."

Emma got to work. It wasn't going to be good, it was going to be great. She took all of him, devouring his cock and sucking with all her might. As she let him out, her tongue circled him. She kept his swollen head in her mouth and traced its connection to the shaft with the tip of her tongue.

"Jesus," Derek whispered.

Emma hummed and took him again. She slid him in and out of her mouth fast, each time swirling her tongue around him, soaking his cock in her saliva. Her hands played with his balls. 

His hands went to her hair and grabbed fistfuls of it, helping her pump up and down. He had said he wouldn't, but he couldn't stop himself. He moaned, eyes closed. 

"Come on, come on," he breathed. "Make Professor come, you dirty whore."

She felt his balls tense and clamped around him at his base as scalding juice shot down her throat. She swallowed it all and licked him clean, grinning at him when she was done.

"Holy shit," he sighed and pulled her next to him on the couch.

He held her close as he recovered. She appreciated the little snuggling session. His hands had pulled some of her hair out of her braids and tangled it. He tried to brush it out and kissed her head.

"That," he murmured, breathing heavily, "was amazing."

She bit softly on his ear lobe and giggled slightly. 

"God, you smell good," she said.

He chuckled but didn't reply.

"I'm soaking, you know," she whispered.

"Are you implying something?" he asked.

"No sir, of course not," she replied, smiling slightly. "I know you get to do whatever you want, and I'm just your sex object. That was just the statement of a fact."

He grinned. "I'm hungry. Let's go see what you've got in the kitchen."

Derek jumped up but Emma didn't follow. He looked at her expectantly.

"It's shared kitchen space," she explained.

"So you go check and make sure no one's there," he said.

She didn't move.

"That wasn't a suggestion."

Emma rolled her eyes and sighed, but she stood. She grabbed his cock as she passed.

"Put him away before you come to the kitchen," she said.

He grinned as she slipped out the door.

No one was in the kitchen, so she let Professor Cooper rummage through everything, see if he could find something he liked.

"Those aren't mine," she said as he grabbed a box of Cheese Nips.

"I thought you said this was shared," he shoved a handful in his mouth.

"Shared space, not shared food," she explained.

He continued to eat the crackers. She rolled her eyes. He threw the box down and shoved her back into the counter. 

"That's the second time you've rolled your eyes at me, miss," he growled. 

His eyes were unkind yes desirous; his hands roamed all over her body. 

"I'm so sorry sir, I shouldn't have," she apologised.

His hands cupped her ass and lifted her so she was sitting on the counter. 

"No, you shouldn't have," he said. "You naughty little girl. Now how am I to punish you?"

"Oh please sir, don't punish me," she fake-pleaded. "Professor, please don't hurt me."

He slapped her and forced his mouth upon hers. She kissed back with energy. He moved from her mouth to her neck, pulling her braids behind her back for better access. He bit and suckled; his tongue doing things to her she didn't know were possible. It tickled and she shrieked with laughter.

His left hand kept her braids pulled behind her back while his right hand worked its way to her breast. It slipped under her green long sleeve and unhooked the front of her bra. He kissed her again, his tongue exploring. She gasped into his mouth as his hand started on her breast. He rolled and pinched the nipple between his fingers and tugged on it. He squeezed the whole breast and rolled it like bread dough.

She could feel herself soaking her panties. His left hand finally released her braids and snaked under her denim skirt. His fingers slipped past her panties and played with her lips. She sighed as he slid a finger into her. She was so wet there was no resistance. He easily added another finger and drove in and out of her. She contracted her sex every time his fingers were inside of her, trying to hold them there. He pulled them out and returned with just his middle finger, easily finding her G-spot. She moaned.

He bit her bottom lip. "Quiet, baby. I want you to come for me without making a sound."

His right hand left her breasts and worked on her clit. She had to bite her lip not to moan. She pulled him to her and drowned her noise in his mouth as he fingered her relentlessly.

She stopped kissing him and bit the inside of her lip, forcing herself not to make a sound. He grinned and sucked on her ear. 

"Come you filthy slut," he whispered in her ear.

She did. Heat shot through her veins as she shook and shivered. Her fingernails dug in at the nape of his neck. 

"That's my girl," he said as her orgasm finally subsided. "What a good little slut, you didn't make a noise."

"Yeah, but the inside of my lip's bleeding," she glowered.

He grinned and kissed her. "I like the way it tastes."

She blushed and smiled.

"You can be as loud as you want this time," he said as he pulled her panties off.

"Professor," she said, "no. What if someone comes? Let's go back to my room."

He pinched both nipples and she winced. 

"Let's remember who's in charge here," he growled quietly. "You're my little whore and you'll do whatever I like."

As much as Emma loved when he talked to her like that, she was genuinely worried.

"Come on. If we're caught you could be fired, I could be kicked out of school," she pleaded.

"We're both consenting adults, Miss Davis," he replied. "It's frowned upon, and the rest of the professors will hate us both, but no one would be fired or kicked out. They're all just jealous because they're not getting any."

He kissed her hard, his tongue running over the fresh cut in her mouth. She pulled his body tight to hers.

"Naughty little whore," he grinned as he pulled away. "You like being my slut."

Her hands went to his belt. He cooperated and stood still as she unbuckled his pants and pushed them to the floor along with the boxers underneath. 

Derek pushed her skirt up her thigh and pulled her to the edge of the counter.

"Does my whore want me?" he asked teasingly.

"Please sir," Emma's voice showed her yearning. "Professor, fuck me."

"Hard?"

"Very."

He slipped into her. She was so soft and tight; her sex enveloped him to the hilt. 

"Oh god Emma," he breathed.

"Professor, harder!" she demanded.

She seemed to be the one in control this time. He pounded into her. 

"Faster!"

He sped up. 

She no longer cared if someone found them. She didn't care if the entire world found them. She didn't care if God was watching and sending her to hell as they were fucking. It was too good to matter.

He pulled her off the counter and slammed into her harder, her tailbone hitting the edge of the counter every time he thrust. She squeezed her sex around him and raked her fingernails along his spine. 

His pace began to slow. He couldn't keep up such a high speed for long. 

"Stop," she said.

He stopped. She pulled himself off of him and pushed him backward onto the red plastic kitchen table. She pulled her shirt over her head and took off her skirt. Derek kicked his pants and boxers off of his ankles and Emma yanked off his shirt.

"I'm going to ride you so hard," she announced. 

She climbed onto the table and lowered herself onto him. She began to bounce, up and down and up and down. He thrust with her.

"You are such a filthy whore," Derek grinned. "Look at you, fucking your Professor. Riding him. You slut."

He let her ride him for a little while long before flipping her over. He hooked her ankles over his shoulders. He began to pound.

"Oh god! Oh god yes!" she screamed.

A few more thrusts and she was over the edge.

"Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!" 

Her contractions brought him into elation with her. With one last plunge and a grunt, he filled her.

He let her legs down and collapsed on top of her. They lay there for a few minutes, catching their breath and allowing their heartbeats to slow, before she pushed his head down.

He fucked her with his tongue, tasting his own juice as it flowed out of her. She grabbed him by the hair, shoving his face farther into her sex. He moved to her clit quickly and held it between his teeth, flicking his tongue over it. She screamed as she came again.

He grinned and let her recover as he gathered their clothes. He pulled his boxers back on and tossed her her clothes. She slipped her shirt over her head but didn't have the energy to put on anything else. After rebuckling his jeans, he helped her up and they sneaked back to her room.

"Surely someone heard that," she sighed, lying next to him in her bed.

"As if you care," he said. "Slut. You'd be happy to fuck in front of your mother if it was me you were fucking."

"You're very arrogant, you know that?" she asked.

"I'm honest," he replied. "I'm the best sex you've ever had."

"You do things with your tongue I didn't know could be done," she said.

He grinned. "Tell me how much you like being my whore."

"Oh Professor," Emma giggled. "I'm so naughty, banging my professor. I should be punished for it. But I just love it so much. It's so naughty and dirty, and I love being naughty. And he's so good. He treats me like a piece of meat and I practically cream just looking at him. I would do anything for him as long as he fucks me."

"Anything?" Derek asked.

"Anything," she repeated.

He climbed on top of her and they went at it again.