 Note: This is the first part of a two part story.

That ass. That sweet ass. How the hell was a boy supposed to concentrate when Professor McKenzie was bending over her desk, letting her short skirt ride up. After all, this was the Professor Denise McKenzie, the very one who had once posed in Playboy. The one who had penned an entire book about oral sex.

Over a decade past her Playboy days she still looked good. Damn good. Really it was her impossibly long legs, always accentuated by some sexy stocking or garter. But God was her face sexy too. She spoke with a mischievous smile, and was one of those types that moves their eyes constantly to express emotion. I've always fallen for girls like that.

Oh, and I should mention that she taught Human Sexuality. And she taught it with great gusto. She was never the type to get technical. No, to her it wasn't fellatio, it was sucking dick. She'd explain exactly how to do it well and demonstrate it on a big black dildo. No joke. The thing was obscenely large, but as Prof. McKenzie argued, it needed to be so students in the back could see it.

It was a pretty good-sized class with maybe 150 students or so, held in a big lecture hall. It was the only class where I not only wanted to sit up front, but had to compete with all the other horn dogs to get a good seat. Those days where she'd make eye-contact with you as she licked that big, black dildo made you realize why a front row seat was worth fighting for.

After a while I guess the Professor had noticed I was sitting up front an awful lot. If she called me out I planned on saying I had bad eyes. She didn't call me out, though. All she wanted was for me to stay after class for a minute. Under normal circumstances if a teacher told me to stay after class I'd probably just try to sneak out early and not deal with it. But this was different. I wasn't a fuck-up in Professor McKenzie's class. Sure I drooled over her sweet ass and would stare down her shirt every chance I'd get, but that went for every straight male in class.

The woman had been in Playboy, so it's not like she'd actively tried to avoid making men horny in life. Hell, when I stayed after school to talk with her, she didn't just sit behind her desk like a normal teacher. No, she sat on top of the desk, and crossed her leg high. Almost her entire thigh was exposed. It wouldn't have made much difference if she were wearing no skirt at all.

We made small talk while some other students lingered around. It infuriated me that they wouldn't get the fuck out of there. 

"So it sounds like everything's going well then," Prof. McKenzie said as the last student filtered out of the room. "You don't have any other questions?"

Of course I had a million questions: Have you ever given a rimjob? Do you like to lick balls? Will you suck my dick? These were some of the more vulgar that came to mind. But instead I just nodded my head 'no'.

She smiled a little nervously. "Good, good. Well if anything comes up, of course I'm here to talk."

"Uh, okay."

"You're not all that talkative, are you?"

"No."

"I like that. I like people that only like to talk when it's important. That's not me though. I just love to talk," she said, waiting for me to say something in response. I stayed silent. "Um, so I guess I should tell you why I wanted to speak to you in private."

"Okay."

"Are you familiar with the other class I teach?"

"I don't think so. Do you teach a psych class or something?"

"No, the other class I teach isn't affiliated with this school. It's a private class. Out of my home actually."

She'd leaned over when speaking, and I'd found myself gazing down her blouse. I half paid attention, though. "Oh. You turn your garage into a lecture hall? Is that how that works," I said in a bone dry manner.

I don't think she could tell if I was joking or not. "No, no. It's a little more intimate than that. I don't allow more than six students per session. I don't think it would really work with more than that."

"You teaching arts and crafts, or something? Some sort of hands-on activity."

The professor laughed, but not at my dry sense of humor. "No, I'd say it's more of a mouth-on activity." 

"What?"

"I advertise my class as Erotic Oral Sex Techniques, but I actually call it Sucking Dick 101."

"Sounds...uh...interesting."

"It's exactly what it sounds like. It's a class where I teach women how to give a proper blowjob. It's funny the variety of people you get. There's couples, housewives...I once had a lesbian come in because she was curious what it felt like. She didn't like it. But mostly it's girls here from school, girls that have taken the class. Two girls from your class are signed up for the next session."

"So do you use a different dildo, or do you use that monster," I said, motioning towards the big, black dildo.

"We have all kinds of different sized dildos we use. Every girl's comfortable with something different. But I want to start using something besides just dildos. Ideally I'd like to get a model."

"Like a doll."

Prof. McKenzie stroked my arm and laughed. "No, silly. I mean a real person. It's important to have a real dick to practice on. And it needs to be big, for double blowjobs, and things like that."

I swallowed nervously. "I suppose."

"So I'm going to cut to the chase. The reason I wanted to talk to you is to see if you'd like to model for my next class. I can't pay any money, since technically that's prostitution. But you'll be getting sucked off by multiple women, so that's a form of payment right there."

"Why me?"

The professor put her hand on my cheek. "Because you're a cutie! Do you think I don't notice you always sitting up front? That, and I can tell that you're probably well-hung. It's my job to read people sexually, and you carry yourself with big-dick attitude. It's partly why you don't feel the need to talk all the time."

I blushed a little bit. "Normally I like to make bad decisions, but I'm not sure I should do this."

"Wouldn't the bad decision be to pass up oral sex from multiple women? Isn't that every man's dream?"

I took a deep breath. "Well who exactly is going to...er...actually, what I want to know is...so does that mean..."

The profesor cut me off. "I know exactly what you want to ask. It could happen," she said, and gave me a wink.

"I'll do it."

"Great! There is still one thing, though."

"Yeah?"

"I need to see your dick. My predictions aren't always right."

"Umm...okay. Like right now?"

"Sure. You can relax you know."

I unzipped my jeans and popped the button. Normally pulling my dick out was a matter of pride. Prof. McKenzie was correct. I'm hung like a donkey, and I love seeing the mixture of excitement and fear when a girl sees my cock for the first time. 

But with the Professor I was the one that was excited and scared. I took it out. It wasn't totally soft, but it was nowhere near hard either. I thought it looked pretty good. So did the Professor. "You clearly have a large flacid penis. But are you a grower or a shower?"

"It still gets quite a bit bigger," I responded.

"Okay. Well I will need to see it hard, just to be safe. I can certainly tell you're big, but it's also important that it's nicely shaped, and that you can maintain an erection."

"Umm...alright," I said, and started jerking my cock.

She put her palm to her forehead. "Not now! I don't need to see you hard right away. How about you come over for dinner tonight and show me then? That way we can talk a little bit more about how the class works too."

"Okay."

Prof. McKenzie gave me her address, and we agreed to meet up later. I had no idea what to expect, but I couldn't have been more excited. Something gave me the feeling that she'd wind up playing with my big dick.

I arrived at the professor's house fifteen minutes later than I was supposed to, and knocked a little too eagerly on her door. It took her awhile to answer, to the point that I almost knocked a second time. 

When she opened the door, my eyes shot down immediately to her bush. It was a well-kempt bush, trimmed in a narrow patch above her treasure. It was a pretty bold move of her to answer the door wearing no panties. But she was wearing a sexy, black bustier that was tied in the front, and a matching garter belt and thigh-high stockings.

"Jesus," I said matter-of-factly.

"Well, are you going to just stand out there staring like a dog in heat, or are you going to come in?"

"Sorry," I responded, entering her home.

"Can I get you something?" she asked. "I have apple pie and coffee."

"Sounds great."

She turned her back to me and walked towards the kitchen. My eyes stayed glued to her ass as it rhythmically swayed.

She came back with pie and coffee, but didn't give it to me right away. "Strip for me, then you can have some."

It's hard to describe just how nervous I was. Misinterpreting what she wanted, I began to dance meekly as I peeled off my shirt. The professor laughed. "I didn't mean you had to dance, but by all means, feel free to continue. I just wanted to get another look at your big dick."

I turned bright red. "I think I'll choose not to dance then," I said.

"That's probably for the best."

I took off the rest of my clothes, and stood awkwardly in her living room. "You have an absolutely gorgeous penis," she said. "Whoever gets to play with that thing is a lucky girl."

"Just for the record, I am single right now." I said.

"Good, good. I wouldn't have invited you over here if I thought otherwise. Why don't you make yourself comfortable and take a seat on the couch." She set the coffee and pie down on a coffee table. "Would you like any whipped cream?" she asked.

Although I don't care much for the stuff, I asked for some because I knew she'd have to walk back to the kitchen, and I'd get to see her wiggling her amazing ass some more.

Instead of just handing me the canister as I'd expected, she kneeled down in front of me, and guided my legs apart. She shook the canister, and put a tiny dollop of whipped cream on the tip of my penis. "Holy shit," I said.

She gazed into my eyes, and the next thing I knew my dick was in her mouth. She delicately sucked just the tip for about five seconds, until all the whipped cream was gone. She then swirled around it with her tongue, making sure she hadn't missed a spot. "Tasty," she observed.

Maybe it was just a function of my anxiety, but I didn't get fully hard. I was hoping Prof. McKenzie would help remedy this problem, but she had other plans. She plopped herself on the couch next to me and put her hand on my thigh. We drank our coffee and ate pie while she went over the basics of the class.

"As of now there are four ladies signed up for this week's class. Two of them are in your class. For confidentiality reasons I can't reveal who they are. Would you have a problem participating if it's with girls you may know?"

I shook my head. "It shouldn't be a problem."

"Good. But since these girls are paying for the class, it's important they know what they're dealing with. I already told all participants that they'd be performing on an actual dick, but I haven't told them who that dick is attached to yet. In order to avoid any potential conflicts of interest, I will need to reveal your identity to participants beforehand. Will this be a problem?"

"No," I said meekly.

The professor laughed. "I love how agreeable you are. Obviously this is all contingent on how well this evening goes. I'll be straight with you; you have the kind of personality I'm looking for in a model. You seem non-threatening, and devoid of ego. That's a good thing. And as you know, I think your dick is perfect. However, I need to see that you have good stamina, and can maintain an erection. It can be very arousing to have multiple women pleasuring you, but for obvious reasons you can't cum right away."

"I wouldn't worry about that," I replied. "Truth be told blowjobs don't normally get me off."

Prof. McKenzie smiled slyly. "That's because you've never gotten your dick sucked by someone like me before."

I was hoping this comment would lead directly to more intimate sucking, but the professor had other plans. "You would agree I'm doing you a favor, right?"

"Yeah," I said somewhat apprehensively.

"You don't sound too enthused."

"I'm sorry, it's just that this is a little overwhelming."

"I understand. Perhaps you'd be more comfortable if you got to know me a little better. Here, why don't you have a feel.

She took my hand and placed it right on top of her clam. "Do you like what you feel?" she asked.

"It's nice."

"Would you like to taste me?"

"Of course."

"See!" she replied excitedly. "You seem more comfortable already."

She grabbed the canister of whipped cream, stepped off the couch, and leaned over the side of it. With one hand she spread her cheeks wide, and with the other she sprayed a line of whipped cream down her crack. It looked like she was wearing a creamy g-string. "How 'bout you clean me up?" she inquired.

No words were needed. I hopped off the couch and squatted down so that I was face level with her glorious ass. I smacked it firmly to let her know I meant business, and then planted a kiss on each butt cheek. 

Her ass was unbelievably well-toned not just for a woman her age, but for any woman period. And the fact that it was as tan as the rest of her body led me to believe she sunbathed in the nude quite frequently. I was dying to bury my face in it, but was also determined to make the moment last. My hormones raging, I licked, kissed, and even bit her ass, but restrained myself from going immediately to the whipped cream. 

The professor was lightly moaning the whole time, but it wasn't until I bit her ass with some force that she really let loose. Taking the tanned flesh of her butt cheek between my teeth, I sucked her ass so hard that I knew it would leave a hickey. She tussled her hair wildly and screamed with pleasure. I bit harder and harder, and she responded by getting louder, so loud in fact that I was positive the neighbors could hear. It amused me that these neighbors that probably thought they lived next to a highly respectable professor had no idea that this same professor was about to get her ass eaten out by a student.

I started at her pussy, licking around it first in a circle, and then up and down. Then I continued up her crack, until my tongue was right on top of her asshole. I cautiously poked my tongue in there and lapped up the whipped cream. She quivered slightly, causing her fleshy ass cheeks to ripple. This turned me on even more, and I was determined to bury my tongue deep inside her. 

Spreading her cheeks as far apart as I could, I pressed my lips right up against her opening. I gave it a deep, wet kiss, then ran my tongue around it in a circle. Loving the sensation, Prof. McKenzie reached behind and grabbed the back of my head. She shoved my face so deep into her lovely ass that I could hardly breathe. But the gesture made me completely ravenous. I licked her ass out wildly, as we both let out carnal moans of ecstasy. "Deeper!" she yelped. "You know you love eating it."

She was right. Normally this isn't something I'm into, but her ass was just so perfect, and there was something so erotic about being slightly demeaned by a powerful, professional woman. I wanted nothing more than to give her intense pleasure, and prove how badly I wanted her. Burying my face as far up her crack as I could, I finally penetrated her with my tongue. I dashed it in and out, in and out, and slapped her ass as hard as I could. 

The professor was getting hornier and hornier. She was grabbing my hair so tight that at one point she pulled a clump off my head. I responded by shoving my tongue even further up her ass until it got to the point that I thought it my get stuck. "Oh my god, you're amazing," she said in an exasperated tone. "Why don't you stick a finger in there. I want you to stretch me out."

The thought of penetrating her in this way turned me on, but I wasn't done giving her analingus just yet. I kissed, licked, and munched her starfish until I was blue in the face. Finally I had to come up to catch my breath, and when I did the professor laughed. "All this time seeing you in class you looked like such a good, preppy college boy. But I should've known better. You are very dirty."

Instead of replying verbally I smacked her backside as hard as I could a few times, and gave it a forceful bite. "You like eating my ass?" she asked. "You like being my naughty boy?"

"I could eat you for days," I replied before smacking her ass again. "Now spread 'em wide."

The professor did as she was told, pulling her butt cheeks apart. I had intended to start fingering her tight ass, but seeing her this exposed got my appetite going again, and I couldn't resist rimming her for another minute. Then when she was nice and wet, I guided my finger in a little more roughly than I think she would've liked. She yelped and told me to control myself.

Heeding her advice I slid my finger slowly in and out, all the while stroking my raging boner with my other hand. Prof. McKenzie moaned longingly, and got even more turned on when she saw that I was pleasuring myself. "Move a little closer. I want to help you stroke that big dick," she said.

I obliged, and she wrapped her hand around my log. It felt so warm and loved in her tender fingers. Instead of simply sliding her hand up and down my shaft, she tickled it, and ran her fingers around it in a spiral like she was juicing an orange. She then started doing a technique she'd told us about in class called the "squid" where she'd start with her fingers spread apart, and gradually close them as they moved up towards my sensitive mushroom tip. I'd been extremely turned on watching her perform this technique on her black dildo in class, so having it down to me in person was almost enough to make me cum.

Feeling about as horny as I'd ever been in my life, I worked up the nerve to stick another finger up her tightness. Once again Prof. Mckenzie was caught off guard and let out a slight yelp, but I could tell by her subsequent moans that she was enjoying herself. Her ass was just impossibly tight. It took great effort to remove slide my fingers into her without them getting stuck. I longed to fuck her in the ass, but figured my cock was probably too big for that. The professor had other plans. "I want to suck your dick," she gasped between moans of pleasure.

I pulled my fingers out of her ass, and gave it one last smack. "I'd very much like that," I said.

She told me she needed to grab a few things and would be back in a second. It was so arousing watching that big beautiful ass sway, knowing my tongue had been deep inside it. 

When she came back she was holding a dildo with a wall mount in one hand, and cradling a full length mirror like a surfboard in the other. "What's that for?" I asked.

"I dunno, I was thinking maybe I'd peg you," she said jokingly.

"Huh?" I responded dumbfounded. "Wait...what? No. What's the mirror for?"

"Oh, that's what you meant," she said sarcastically. "A blowjob is such a visual experience. I thought you might like to watch."

"Goddamn your sexy."

"And you're so naughty. Now relax," she said as she leaned the mirror up against a wall.

I reclined on the couch and Prof. Mckenzie got down on her knees right between my thighs. She set the dildo down in front of her. I looked in the mirror. Her back was covered by her wild, light brown hair. The straps of her garters were stretched tight across her creamy thighs, and her ass was glistening with a light sweat. It still looked so yummy. "I can't believe this is happening," I remarked.

"Well believe it," she said grabbing the dildo.
