 Dinner passed so slowly, even though I tried to eat as fast as I could, my body wouldn't listen. It also didn't help that Kimberlee was still wearing my cum on her face and breasts. Occasionally she would wipe some off and swallow it, always making sure that I was watching and would wink. Even though I had just gotten off I was still hard, and wanting more.

We started talking about how she first realized what she could do, "Well it started when I was young of course. Any time I wanted attention, I seemed to get it. Then one day I started getting pick on, like kids do and I just wanted them to stop. The next thing know there were playing tag. I then started to experiment, like in a class when I didn't know the answer, I would make the teacher call of me, then make them forget and call on someone else. 

"Then as I got older, I started to want other attention more than some. I realized that if I got horny, guys would start flirting and trying to touch me. They would not stop until I forgot about my horniness and thought for them to stop. I then knew I had to control what I was doing. I did not want to be raped because I was so horny all the time. So I started using the vibrator when in public to keep my mind on staying hidden."

That was all she said about it, no matter how much I tried to get her to say more. I did ask her if she made me notice her, "Not at first," She said. "But after I flashed you, yeah I did. I made you want me all night, I made sure that when you came to school the next day that you would be hard and wanting me. But once there I just let things go the way of fate. If you really wanted to fuck me then you would, but if you were able to resist then I was going to let you go. With that said I am very glad you shoved me under that desk. "

About that time our dinner was finished and I paid the check. We stood and walked to my car. When we reached the car I opened the door for Kimberlee to let her in. Once in, with just a little of my cum on her still, she turned and unzipped my pants. She pulled out my cock as I was finally starting to go soft, but that lasted for about two good strokes of her wonderful hands. She smiled as she surveyed my growing length, knowing it was all her work. She stroked a little more and then kissed the head of my cock, then kissed down the length. She kissed back up before taking my cock all the way in. She stayed for a second and then pulled away with a wink, and a smile.

She turned to face the front so I could tell that she wasn't going to do any more for now. I smiled and walked over and got into the driver seat. By the time that I had gotten there Kimberlee had opened her legs, placed her right foot on the dash, the left all the way to the console. Her right hand was playing with her clit as her left was massaging her breasts through the fabric of her dress. I did my best to concentrate on the road, but when we reached a stop sign so I tried to reach over and play with her pussy. She slapped my hand away and said, "No playing while driving, I want to get to your house so that we can fuck."

This made me sure I was concentrating on the road ahead of me, and luckily my home was not too far away. I drove as safely as I could as she kept playing with her clit and nipples. I could tell she was about to cum when she suddenly stopped.

As if reading my mind she told me, "I'm saving cumming for your cock or your tongue Jason. Though she stopped she stayed in the same position as if to tease me with what was about to happen.

We quickly arrived at my home, I get out and walk around the car to meet her, but she is still sitting in the seat. She looks at me and smiles before saying "Go on in. I'll be there shortly. Just go and get comfortable." 

I do as she says, I unlock the door and leave it open. I then go to sit on my couch, and at that time I hear the door close. I turn to see Kimberlee walking slowly towards me. When she reaches me she pushes me back so that I'm laying down on the couch. She then straddles my face with her pantiles ass and pussy and starts grinding on my tongue. 

While I am eating her pussy and clit she pulls my cock out and starts sucking and deep throating instantly. I find just the right spot on her and her body starts to tense as her orgasm builds. I increase the pressure and do what I can to restrain her so she can't get away. After just a few moments she tightens before cumming all over my face. I lap every bit up that I can, but know that some runs over my mouth.

Once she is able to speak again she looks at me, smiles, and says "Now I'm ready to fuck."

I smile and lift her small body and carry her to the bed room. While I carry her our tongues rarely spend even a moment apart, her hands on my face, holding me as she tries to devour my face and tongue that she had just cum on. We quickly make it to the bed and I toss her as she giggles. 

"So you want me to be your little fucktoy Jason? Do you want to use my body for your pleasure and care nothing for mine?" As she said this is crawled to the edge of the bed. She laid down on her back with her head off the bed, which put her mouth at the perfect height for my cock to slide right into her mouth and throat. 

My cock slides right into her mouth and I force my cock down her throat. As she starts to gag I grab her perfect breasts and use them as leverage to fuck her throat. I can see her pussy is starting to quiver from me fucking her throat. 

I then pull away and flip her around again, keeping her on her back but so that her pussy is towards me and I slip right into her pussy. 

"Fuck you are tight," I moan as I enter her pussy for the first time. No matter how much I resist I immediately start pounding her pussy. My cock rams into her as she moans, her light pink breasts are quickly covered, one by my hand, the other by my mouth. I grab and massage one while I suck the nipple of the other, all the while my cock keeps pounding her tight wet pussy. 

I feel her orgasm building so I fuck her harder and she reaches her climax, "FUUUUUUCKKK YYYEEEEEEESSS," She screams as she cums from me fucking her. I look at her as she smiles from her orgasm. This makes me want to slam into her even harder, which causes her to have smaller secondary orgasms. 

Once those calm I feel my orgasm starting to build so i revert to a steady pace of fucking, my cock going from all the way in her tight pussy to almost all the way out. As I start my measured fucking Kimberlee really turns on the slut.

"Thats it Jason, fuck this tight little pussy. Use this pussy to cum, masturbate using my pussy Jason. That's it, just use my pussy Jason, use it and my ass if you need to. I am here only for you to fuck and use, and cum all over and in. God Jason your cock is so big, my little pussy must be so tight around you, milking all the cum from your cock. Give it to me Jason, please give your little slut your cum."

After that it is all I can do to resist, so just another second and I slam into her pussy and cum hard. I fuck her through both my cumming and the orgasm that spawned in her. We keep fucking for about another minute before I collapse on her. Her sexy red hair spread out over the bed and her flush skin keep me hard inside of her. 

"You just lay right here Jason. Then when you are ready to go again you can fuck my pussy and ass and send me off to school with your cum leaking out of both my holes."