 Adi's arms strained – she was leaning on the office desk as Jeffery, her professor and obviously her lover, slid into her from behind. He had one hand on her breast, head nuzzling the nap of her neck and his hips rocketing home. The door to the office was locked but the secretary was still at her desk and the department was still bustling. 

After two months they'd gotten a little freer with their insane plight of teacher-student love. The deep rooted feeling of him driving inside her made her lose her mind and she seduced him by just existing. For anyone who knew them the reason why they craved each other.

The scent of sex was obvious and she grunted trying to not make too many loud noises while they coupled over grading papers, a ringing phone and her free nipple waved next to a LCD monitor while he pinched the other one.

"Harder," she growled.

She felt two big, rough hands run down her sides and grab her hips as he shifted gears and began pounding on her with no sense of delicate love making. Like a building fire it burnt there, cornering her loins and she reveled in the pangs of a building orgasm. Like the God he was in her eyes he made a fantastic motion then – his hand traveled down and she felt the rough middle finger of this big man rub over her clit.

She almost lost her balance but his hands kept her tight to him while he ravaged her. As she flittered in and out she felt him kissing her neck and grunting rabidly – he was holding back. 

His finger circled slow, fast, slow, fast, then became light and wiggled quick enough that she felt every inch of her prepping for a climax while he bottomed out in her.

She writhed at this point, trying desperately not to wail but awkward eeking noises spasmed from her mouth. She felt him stop just short of the ultimate build up and she wielded around,

"No!"

A half grin was on his face – he was being a tease. But he wouldn't let her hips turn – instead he slicked in and out of her enough to displace her and then she felt what exactly he was up to.

The condom covered head of his cock, slippery and beautiful, pulled up her slit and passed over her sensitive asshole. Oh-sweet delight! She groaned and he wiggled his cock on the nose of it while one hand stayed to play with her clit.

Then, unexpectedly, he put force in. Her relaxed state let him get in so far and then like a vice grip of the unknown region clamped onto him – he paused, winced, and pushed in more.

"Oh dear god..." she grunted, "Deargod-deargod-deargod!"

"Like that, do ya?" He said, wickedly.

Jeffery knew exactly what he was going to do to her. He got in and slicked around, pulled more lube out of his desk drawer (a new addition now), and soon had her slicked up enough he was able to glide in and out of her tense, amazing rear exit.

All the while Adi felt fullness in her that she loved and soon he began moving quicker... and quicker and she could hardly contain herself.

"In me - oh sweet jesus that feels good - shoot it in me," she begged, a randy association with getting off on him conquering an area with a splash of sperm.

Jeffery almost lost it - the feeling of a sleek young thing begging for him deep inside her – he pulled it out, whipped the condom off and penetrated back into her - raw and real.

A fast moving finger over a tender clit, the thumping of him deep inside her and the rough way he held her became rhythmic, fast, and sensational. The burning began to crackle in their loins – he could feel it building, she could feel it building and in seconds they were splashing each other with powerful orgasms.

Balls deep in her gorgeous ass he marked her as his – threw down his seed into her bottom and pushed her, tits down, over the desk. Her own orgasm made her clamp down on him and milk him of everything he was worth as a man.

Just as they began to settle with each other they were broken apart by a knock on the door – one that scared both of them in their pseudo-danger seeking exploit.

He slid out of her; cum was dribbling on the floor behind the desk and down her legs. She looked back at him, bit her lip and grinned while she took a finger down her thigh and sucked off her thumb for a little after taste. 

Oh, what a precious moment that was.

****

An hour later they sat in the same office they dressed discussing academics with the door wide open. Their two worlds were completely divided. The world really was oblivious to their carnal desires. She knew once that clock barked five it all would absolve back into their lovemaking though. People mulled in and out with random concerns. Adi did a few things around the office – paper pushing, reorganizing and slouching around. About four in the afternoon she turned on some old Irish music, sprawled out on the couch and took a nap.

At five o'clock her watch went off and she walked back into his office.

"Get anything done?" She snickered.

He glared at her over a pair of reading glasses and a disorganized mess of grading papers.

"Not much, I see," she snarked at him.

She wandered in, shutting the door with slow and suggesting motion.

****

She'd wandered over slow and cat like before she grabbed his jeans, pulled his pants off. His underwear was left on and as he rose up she met his member with a kiss from her fine, youthful lips – even through the fabric it felt amazing.

"Oh," he groaned.

"Mhmm," she snickered, great hazel eyes smiling up at him – their bad association was at least a fabulous sexual release.

She ran a finger under the elastic and pulled it down his thighs and released the now erect beast. Her tiny mouth and beautiful lips latched around the head of him. She bobbed and suckled and for a man Jeffery's age it was so ungodly to witness this let alone feel it. Her sparkling hazel eyes never left him. She was sexing him beyond his deepest fantasies – and a wayward finger was behind his balls sending a thrill seekers pleasuring deep into his interior.

He clamped onto the office chair and growled while his eyes lulled in the back of his head.

She then did something he didn't know she'd be able to do – she took herself and took his seven inch shaft into her mouth and opened up the back of her throat and all of him went down past those beautiful fine lips. 

His eyes got big as she deep throated him with a fury he'd never seen before. He wanted to shoot that wad deep down her long throat but she had a better idea.

Like any good girl she backed up and licked the head of his prick and a tiny bubble of pre-cum off. Then with passionate speed she climbed up onto his lap before he knew what was going on. Bareback, the way she liked it, he sunk into the pink and its warm wet arena fell over him. 

She was a vice grip; even her mouth couldn't compare to her divine slit. She fluffed her big tiered skirt around him but he threw his arms around her waist – and then like a pro she began riding him – her eyes never closed, ever faltered. No, Adi made her chocolaty eyes rove deep into the very icy blue of Jeff's and she could meet his soul there – riding on his cock, eyes locked on each other. 

The image was almost innocent, the amount of clothing they were wearing and the very need they had of each other was almost teen-esque. However, its sensual desperation was so very arousing. Who had time to take off clothes when they needed each other so badly?

He wailed as he rocked his hips up and rutted into her – there was something animalistic, completely beyond their relationship, which this escalated into. And like that he grabbed her, stood up and began reaming. He balanced her on his bucking hips and held her under her arms by the shoulders.

She clung to his neck as they bobbed in an entangling pleasure – then with some force he moved over to the door and he slammed her back against it so he could truly maul her. Adi threw her head back as she felt it rough and carnal – the way she adored sex. Her eyes never closed and she was anything but silent. He hadn't been this horny in an age. In-out-in-out-in-out, he could hear the slicking, feel her convulsing and the awesome noises she uttered. She was no dead fish in these waters.

His broad shoulders and overthrowing testosterone made him essentially power hungry over this girl. No, she really was a woman – one feel of her brazen association and hot, wet center was enough to make Jeffery a believer. 

In-out-in-out – oh so delicious – he hit her home so god damn fast he knew she'd be sore tomorrow. He wanted her sore and he'd make her sore. That pain was there to taunt her like he was tormented and so in love with her every day, all day. 

With that he rocked a few more times and lashed out a load – he was truly spent after the sixth lacing of cum deep in her center. He put it right to her, deep into that sweet girl's body. It made him feel alive and wrong all at the same time. 

They slid to the floor together and Adi sat up on his lap. She came forwards allowing him to bury his face in her soft bosoms. They were panting in the everlasting glow of their mating ritual. Adi, in the inner sweet gesture of her being, wrapped her arms over his head. They were there, quiet and tenderly elegant with her clouding over him in a billowing tiered skirt – legs parted knowingly from their assault at one another and in such an innocent, forbidden love.

He could hear her heart-beating and he wondered where in gods name this was going.

He loved this girl – and she loved him. This was the most frightening of all things for the erotic and taboo. He also knew it made the sex a thousand times more electric. 

****

Two days later Andrew was in the department with some bubbling fury. There was no mystery Adi didn't want to see or speak to him so the visit was an odd one. Oblivious or sheer jerk-dom did not allow Andrew to see that and it was one possible culprit to blame.

"Hey, have you seen Adi around, Professor?" Andrew asked, cocky as ever, and he set his jaw with some notice that Andrew was there for something else.

"No," Jeffery had no intention of telling Andrew where she was, either.

"Fantastic, gives me time for you and I to chat about her."

"I have nothing to say," he said with a childish defensiveness in that voice.

Andrew's brow furrowed, "Really?"

"I'm under the impression the two of you are not so happy with each other so I'm not going to yield information to parties not inclined to such privileged information."

"She tell you that?"

"It was observation," Jeffery growled.

"She did, didn't she? Look, dude, I'm not –"

Jeffery just glared – and when he glared, he meant it. His words were like steel – critical, exact and harsh – but those glares were ones you could feel hit you from a quarter mile.

Andrew snorted, "Fine. Look, if you see her just tell her to come see me."

****

Jeffery and Adi walked into the local pub called the Grog Shop that Friday night – a nifty little Irish place that they now favored due to big shielding booths and good music.

They drank and sang along and shared naughty glances over alcohol and wings. It allowed them public freedom as a couple and enough time to make sure they balanced out childishness with adulthood. They were an odd balancing act in some ways.

It was on their tipsy exit that night that they made a fatally gauged error in their public displays of affection. Adi had taken Jeffery's had, walked against him; he loved the feel of it all and she knew it. She walked close enough to feel her brush his figure. Like a child she cling close to him and then it came out of nowhere,

"So that's how you get such great grades," a shallow voice boomed from behind them. 

He'd been standing there in the dark next to a nightclub on the main drag and watched them. Andrew watched them.

Adi felt her heart skip a beat – but Jeffery didn't move his arm away from Adi, he simply moved it down to her waist pulling her back beside him a bit more. For a sensible, even paced man he manifested quite the dark look on his face.

Somewhere in Adi's mind she imagined him younger, furious and in the moments of sheer terror he may have used that face in. This was a man who had seen so much, after all.

It was Andrew who stepped over and then like any testosterone high youth he rushed Jeffery. A crack was heard as a fist met to Jeffery's face – it'd been a long time since Jeffery had been in a fight. Andrew wasn't that good at it, though, and Jeffery snapped back, even with the time lag of moving his arm around from Adi, and sent a reply that caught him by the lower jaw. 

Adi, in some sheer desperation, got between the two of them at that point, one hand on Jeffery's big open chest. She could feel his heart beating fast, her hand entangle in a mat of gray-black chest hair and his hand gently clasping over her fingers. She'd raised her other hand trying to coax Andrew to stop. Andrew weaved and snarled, glaring at Adi.

He slapped at her hand, "I'm going to the Dean, bitch."

"Why? Because that'll stop this?" Adi boldly came back at him. 

Andrew wanted to hit her but his sense of self was not so evil. In some sense Andrew wanted the best for Adi – self admittance that he was not good enough for her was probably not going to happen, though.

"Please, Andrew, please don't turn this into a war," Adi tried to reason.

He glared at her, spit at her feet and walked away like that. Adi felt hot tears on her face when Jeffery curled his arms around her and she turned to him. She was met by a wave of security kisses as they marched off to his car.

****

She sat in the passenger seat quietly playing with the flap of seatbelt with her chin. At that moment she embodied an eight year old, fidgeting and insecure. Jeffery kept looking over to her and reeling as to how bad his jaw felt.

The doubts and true fears of their relationship were real threats. Jeffery was not sure he wanted to tread on this battlefield. Adi meant a lot to him but how much exactly? He would not be the only one crippled by their relationship – Adi could be shattered by it. His beautiful Adi could be torn apart by everything in this world – she was old enough to know better and thought ill of for allowing it, yet she was young enough to still be a victim. 

In his head he knew she would never let them make her out to be a victim.

"If you want out you can let me know," Adi murmured like she'd read his mind.

"What?"

"You're being silent – you don't ponder inside, you talk it out. You explain things to me, how your head works, how frustrated you are, how lonely you are."

He shuddered – "You and I know each other too well."

"Do we? I can't tell what your next move is going to be."

And like that they were on the edge.

****

It was one in the morning when the former fleet car of O'Conner's was pulling into his stretch of town when he asked the question,

"You want me to drop you off at home?"

Adi smiled a little, "No."

Jeffery swallowed the lump in his throat as he pulled into the parking area for his apartment. He did it, he'd made the choice.

If they would have one thing, they'd have the rest of tonight. 

****

His bedroom smelt of two worrying people – the essence of a relationship challenged by the world around them. A sixty one year old man and a twenty two year old young woman was a taboo spanning two generations. 

Big, rough hands of a worker and professor slid over her and pulled off her shirt. He threw his mouth around hers and felt her along her ribs and spine while he took off her bra. Her favorite thing he knew was when he ran his hands up past her breasts and cupped her face. Thick man hands tickled the nap of her neck and she pressed to him with earnest.

As he examined her frame she unbuttoned his big shirt while nuzzling his face, glued to the body heat rushing off of him. And then, like the princess of disregard she was, she had her hands passing his waist and dipping into his pants to cup his balls. She felt him up through his underwear, and made him painfully hard with his jeans still on.

He grunted for some relief and she finally undid his pants and let them fall to the floor. He stepped out of them and slowly nudged her onto her back where he parted her legs with his knee. Her jeans were still on – but he was waiting for something. 

They made of each other with kisses and he pushed his weight over her frame, owning her, for a few minutes before he moved, grabbing a nipple in his mouth and biting down a little as he suckled.

Adi wriggled – she wailed and clung to him as he played with her sensitive nipples, tweaking them. She was taken by surprise when she felt his hand having pulled her jeans back and panties off. He went down on her in a fury. 

The musk of woman was sharp and attractive, his experienced tongue melded down her shaved slit in an instant and Adi's mind raced as she felt his lips over that love button and his tongue musing around after a split second. A few big fingers he nudged into her and finger fucked her softly. His other hand kept her bucking gauged so at intervals he could simply suckle on her clit to the point of sheer sexual agony without her bucking into his front teeth.

She growled and screamed on his bed and he finally shoved in two fingers rapidly, her juices flowing, while he took after her clit with some swiveling expertise. And the flood gates opened – Adi's back arched high and he felt her go, the soft flood of cum on his fingers, the contractions any man would have adored, and then that high pitched, 'Yes!' that she'd arrived.

Adi was panting and her cunt was still contracting after Jeffery came back up to nibble on her nipples, tickle her neck and shove his cunt-juice coated tongue back into Adi's mouth where the two of them fenced tongues for flavor and fevered passion.

"You're next, big man," she threatened and pulled away from him.

Her legs trapped him as she wrapped a leg around his and she was suddenly swinging over him. The two now lay on the bed and he was the only one with anything on – his underwear.

She snickered at him and mused over his hairy chest. She kissed his lips brilliantly, licked an edge of them for looks and made a line over his masculine jaw in little kisses.

With some brilliant slow moving torrent of such kisses she traveled down his chest then, over his belly to his hips. Her goddess mouth teased as she felt him up through the fabric of his Hanes. She pushed his legs apart and got ample access. Her tongue marveled under the side of the underwear and caught a little of his balls while a gentle hand massaged his manhood.

With diligence she kissed down each thigh then pulled down his underwear to reveal the purple headed warrior in full out glory. It was big, she loved the fact it was a man's tool, not a boys. She kissed up along hit and down it – stopping briefly to suckle on the head and flick her tongue at the base of it – then she caressed his balls sucked on them and a finger mused behind them until Jeffery felt a single finger reach up to meander around his asshole.

He growled and felt her move a little – a prepped bottle of lube and suddenly he jumped. She stuck her finger up his asshole and just before he could protest he felt that velvet mouth come down over him and suckle with fury on his cock-head. He was put back down on the bed as he felt her finger inside him fucking him with some uneasy, unwelcome but completely insane pleasure.

Likewise her mouthing on him sent him spiraling into darkness under his eyelids. He wanted to come, would she let him come in her mouth? Down her throat, on her face and beautiful tits?

Then, like the angel she was, she suckled him in down to his balls and bobbed franticly before she felt the first shot come in her mouth, and then he contracted again – she took it on the face and chest this time as she gagged. His eyes had opened to the marvel of her jacking off his spurting cock and the overwhelming feeling that it was indeed this gorgeous girl who owned him – not the other way around.
