 Allison stood at the door, breathing in deeply to steel her nerves. On the other side was the person she'd been fantasizing about for months, and she was going to finally try her luck at winning him over. It was now or never - the academic year was going to end soon, and this was her last chance.

With long blonde hair and a curvy figure, it was already difficult for most men to deny her. But this was different. She had to try harder this time. Looking down at her rather revealing tank top and miniskirt to make sure everything was perfect, she knocked at Professor Andrew's door. Upon hearing a "Come in!" she entered, heels clacking on the floor.

Andrew Crawford sat behind his desk, a stack of papers in front of him. Brownhaired and bespectacled, he looked up at her, and she felt like she was melting under his gaze. The feeling intensified as his eyes immediately flitted over her entire body, and who could blame him? She'd picked out those clothes with every intention of removing them for him later, and she knew she looked tempting.

"Professor Andrew," she greeted him smoothly. Sitting down on the chair in front of his desk, she continued, "I just wanted to talk to you about my grades."

He looked at her, almost in disbelief. A skimpily dressed student had showed up at his office asking about her grades. It wasn't the first time this had happened, but he still managed to be surprised each time.

Best not to jump to conclusions, he thought, replying, "Alright, Allison. Let's take a look at your last test score."

"Thank you." She mentally sighed in relief. Her excuse had worked! Truth be told, she didn't give two shits about her grades - they were acceptable, and she was fine with that. But she could think of no other way to get what she wanted.

Andrew quickly pulled out some sheets from his desk and looked through them. "You did fine, actually."

"But - I should have done better," she pressed further. "I really just want to get a better grade, that's all. Isn't there anything I can do?"

He watched as she leaned onto the desk, giving him an even better view of her large cleavage. It was becoming difficult to focus on her face. "There's not much you can do for extra credit at this point, Allison," he said, placing the papers back down. "I think you did quite well, in fact. It's really not a problem."

"There has to be something I can do." Her breasts pressed against the desk, and she looked at him desperately with those big, big blue eyes, moving her hand across the table just a little too close to his. "I really just want to do better now, I need a higher score. Please."

"I'm not sure I understand what you're implying," he said, intending to get out of this as fast as he could. When was the last time someone had been so insistent, so forward? It confused him - usually students only resorted to this after they'd failed, coming in and begging him to let them pass. Not that he ever gave in to them. But he knew for a fact that had Allison really wanted a better grade, she could have earned it with less effort than trying to seduce her own professor.

Did she actually want this?

Right as the thought came to his mind, Allison decided she'd have to pull out all the stops. She stood, pushing the papers on his desk to one corner and sitting up on his desk, her long legs dangling off the edge. "I think you understand, Professor Andrew," she murmured, looking down at him, her hair falling by her breasts.

He was silent for a few moments, and she thought she finally had him in the palm of her hand. 

"Your grades have been very consistent this entire year, and you seemed very satisfied with them - considering you made no attempt to improve. Why would you suddenly care so much?"

Fuck, she didn't think he'd be so difficult. Her surprise was evident in her face for a split second, but enough time for him to notice. "I... My parents are disappointed in me," she quickly fibbed. "I've been telling them I'd get better all year, and I tried - I really did, but I just can't, Professor, and now is my last chance or else they'll-"

She stopped rambling as Andrew stood up, his chair scraping against the floor. "I think we both know your parents are fine with your grades - just as much as you are." He looked at her sternly, and she felt her heart stop. "Tell me what you're really here for, Allison."

Allison looked like a deer caught in headlights. "I-I don't know what you're talking about."

He placed a hand on her bare shoulder, grasping it tightly and leaning in to her ear. "Tell me, Allison." It sent a strange thrill through his veins, the feeling of having cornered her until she had no choice but to reveal the truth.

The feeling of his breath near her skin made butterflies erupt in her stomach, while also sending a chill down her spinehe knew she'd been found out. Lying at this point was futile. Her eyes darted from his face to the floor, unable to make eye contact. "I... I just," she stuttered, her cheeks turning red, "I just... I wanted to..."

"Wanted what?"

"I wanted you," she finally admitted, feeling almost ashamed of herself.

Andrew moved back, standing straight and looking down at her. The fact that she was so flustered and desperate just for him was incredibly arousing. Normally he'd never have sex with a student for raising a grade, but this was different. This was a horny slut who wanted him to fuck her. And she was so desperate for him, he knew she'd let him do anything to her.

He stepped away, allowing Allison a few seconds of relief from his probing gaze. She watched as he locked the door, and her heart skipped a beat. It was going to happen. Her dreams were finally going to come true!

Andrew stepped back towards her, stopping in front of her. "So, Allison. What are you prepared to do for this grade?"

He felt his cock harden as she looked at him, eyes full of need. "I'll do anything, Professor."

A gorgeous, blonde 19 year old in his office, prepared to do anything for him. He couldn't wait to get started. "For starters, I want that top off. Not that it's much use, anyway." 

She didn't even hesitate, hands flying to her top and pulling it off, revealing her smooth skin underneath. Her ample breasts were almost in full view, only hidden by her lacey red bra.

He took a few seconds to admire her breasts before moving closer and unhooking the small fabric. Her tits were now free, and just for him. He took his time in feeling them up, gently twisting her nipples with his fingers. 

Allison was already a mess by the time he leaned down to suck at them. The feeling of his large hands grasping her breasts, fondling them, touching every inch was too much for her. She couldn't hold back her soft moans as she felt his lips, his tongue on her skin. Almost instinctively, her legs wrapped around his waist and pulled him in closer.

Feeling her so close to his crotch made him even harder, and he let his hands drift down to her skirt. But now was not the time for this. He wanted to use this opportunity as best as he could.

"Eager, aren't we? Remember, you're here to do as I say, not have your way, little slut."

"Yes, Professor," she quickly replied, feeling her most sensitive parts tingle at his harsh words. 

"Good." He moved away, unbuckling his belt. "Get down and open your mouth."

Allison got off the desk, immediately getting on her knees in front of him. She watched as he unzipped his pants, pulling down to reveal his hard dick. It was even bigger than she'd expected, and she felt herself wet at the thought of it in her. Opening her mouth, she began stroking his dick with one hand, and was about to place her mouth over it when-

"No, no," he said, almost gently. "Just stay still."

She stopped, wondering what she'd done wrong. Didn't he want a blowjob? But she obeyed, letting go of his dick and looking up at him expectantly.

Holding her head with his hands, he slid his dick into her, slowly at first. The sensation of her warm tongue was heavenly, but he wanted more - he wanted his entire length down her throat. Her eyes widened as he went further before beginning to thrust.  

It took her a few thrusts to get used to his size. He was almost merciless, keeping her in place as he fucked her mouth, going all the way in as she made helpless sounds. It was difficult and it hurt, and that was what turned Allison on even more. Being used as a hole for his pleasure, to be what he wanted more than anything in this moment was exhilarating. 

She slid a hand down her skirt and into her panties, touching herself to the rhythm of his thrusts. The harder he went, the more she enjoyed it - enjoyed his taste, his rough hands on her head, how he handled her like a toy just for him. Her fingers moved faster as he did, and she felt herself about to come.

"Stop that," he commanded, panting slightly as he slowed down. He didn't want this to end before he'd taken her from behind, felt that young pussy of hers. Allison reluctantly removed her hand, waiting for his next orders as he pulled out. 

"Get up." 

She quickly stood up, naked except for her tiny skirt, her hair now a mess. Anticipating his next words, she faced the desk, impatient to finally feel him inside her. 

Andrew wasted no time in bending her over, and she gasped at the cold, hard surface. He pulled her skirt up until it laid in a useless heap at her waist, displaying her round ass just for him. 

"Not even panties? God, you're such a whore."

Her pussy was unbelievably wet, begging him to enter her. Grasping her ass with one firm hand, feeling her skin, he slid two fingers into her.

She moaned almost immediately, every touch electric to her. He slid another finger in, expertly moving them in and out, stroking every sensitive area she had. But she couldn't wait, she wanted more of him. "Professor, I - I need you, please," she begged, 

"I never thought quiet Allison was secretly a slut," he said. He'd never been with anyone so desperate for him before, and he craved more of her pleas.

"I am, Professor, for you, I want you in me..."

He couldn't take it much longer himself, his dick throbbed with arousal and she looked so inviting with her long legs and that round ass on his table, waiting for him. Pulling his fingers out, he positioned himself behind her, and grabbing her ass firmly, he thrusted into her.

She cried out at his size, and he groaned at how tight she was. Her wet walls pressing against his dick set his nerves on fire, and he quickly started to thrust into her soft pussy. 

Allison moaned as she adjusted to his hard thrusts, his huge cock stretching her vagina. Her fingers gripped the edge of the desk tightly as she arched her back, feeling him slam into her with every thrust. It felt better than she'd ever dreamed. Months and months of secret longing and lust had led to this - her, bent over Professor Andrew's desk as he fucked her hard. She could barely think anymore, only able to focus on his harsh thrusts.

Each movement sent Andrew closer to the edge, and he picked up the pace. He held her tight enough to leave marks on her skin, panting as he kept going. At this point he barely gave a thought to her, fucking her with only one goal in mind. 

She came first, her body tensing and tightening around his dick as she cried out, every sensation heightened as her orgasm washed over her body. He followed a minute later, pulling out and coming onto her ass, panting heavily.

Andrew pulled up his pants, buckling his belt as Allison slowly stood up from the desk. He watched as she wobbled slightly in her heels, exhausted after having the time of her life. 

"Come back tomorrow and we can take a further look at your grades."