 The cold morning air hit her harshly in the face. The biting wind chapped her lips and turned her cheeks pink. Her nose turned red and started to run. She wasn't even sick.

"Thank God I only have a few more months of this," she thought as she reached into her pocket for a tissue. Damn. Her pocket was empty. She looked around, trying to find someone to help her out. 

Up ahead, she saw a figure with long blond hair wearing a purple peacoat and matching hat. 

"Excuse me!" she yelled to the figure. "'Scuse me!"

The figure turned and she was happy to see that she recognized the figure's face.

"Annie!" she called out. 

"Kate, hey!" Annie called back as she started to jog toward her friend. 

"Do you happen to have a tissue?" Kate asked.

"Oh, yeah, here you go!" Annie pulled a tissue with a faux-lipstick mark on it and passed it to Kate. "Can you believe this weather?"

"I know! Its days like this that make me wonder why I left California in the first place."

"Oh, honey, I have wondered that since the day I met you!"

Kate laughed. She had had this conversation multiple times, and she always pretended to make fun of herself, but she knew exactly why she had chosen a college in Missouri. John.

John was her high school sweetheart, the love of her life. She followed him to school, certain they would be together forever. But last year he had studied abroad, and when he came back he had told her it was over, that he had met someone else. Kate had struggled to move on, but she hadn't so much as thought about another man since their break-up. She had briefly considered transferring, but she only had a semester left to go now, so it really was pointless. 

"Where are you headed?" Annie asked.

"Uhm...Taylor Hall. Early 20th Century History."

"Cool, I'm on my way there too; Native American History. We can walk together."

Kate and Annie made their way through the student commons and up the hill to Taylor Hall. Kate spent most of the time in quiet reflection, which was no problem for the talkative and outgoing Annie. 

When they reached the building, the women parted ways, Annie heading upstairs and Kate walking down toward the basement. Increasing enrollment had forced the school to renovate the basements for use as classrooms, but they still felt like basements to Kate, just with a few extra chairs and a whiteboard. It was too cold in the room to take off her coat, so Kate merely removed her right glove so she could take notes, pulled out a pen and notebook, and waited for her professor. 

The man who walked through the door was young for a professor, probably in his mid-20s, and had short brown hair. Kate wouldn't have even thought he was the teacher were it not for the attendance book in his hand. He had a slight build, not skinny but still lean, and he was of average height. He wore glasses with black rectangular frames and a pair of dark jeans with a button-down dress shirt. Kate swallowed hard. He was exactly her type, and she just prayed he would be boring or mean so she wouldn't have to deal with having a crush on her teacher.

"Hey guys," the professor said. "I'm Professor Ben Moore, but you can just call me Ben. I still feel like I'm a little too young to be called 'professor.'" 

Well, Kate thought, he seemed nice, but it was possible that he could still turn out to be rude or harsh.

"For today we're just going to go over the syllabus, and I'll answer any questions you might have, then on Thursday we're just going to jump right in!"

As Ben went over the course outline, explaining that they would be focusing on both world wars, the Depression, and the women's and civil right's movements, Kate felt herself go red in the face. She felt drawn to him. She had never been more attracted to anyone in her life, including John. Not that Ben could ever replace him in her life...but it was comforting for her to know that she could at least picture herself with someone else, finally.

When class was dismissed, Kate thought about coming up with some excuse to stay after and talk with him, but she quickly learned that she was not the only one who seemed to find Ben irresistible. Two other girls were giggling together, then went up and began asking him questions about the layout of the term paper. Kate snorted to herself; the paper wasn't due for two and a half months, but she was inwardly jealous that they had made it to him first. 

She left the classroom determined to get over this. After all, he was her professor, and though he was kind he was also professional, and seemed to give off an aura of knowing she was attracted to him but not willing to do anything about it. 

As weeks went by, Kate found herself falling for him more and more. He would do little adorable things that she found charming, like coming into class after a particularly lovely weekend and asking whether everyone had had fun making him jealous while he graded papers and watched students throw Frisbees on the lawn outside his office window.

He frequently made jokes in class, and Kate knew she was laughing louder than the other students, but she couldn't help it; he was just too cute. She completed all of the reading assignments on time, something she hadn't done since her freshman year, and participated in class as much as she could. She didn't presume that anything would happen with him, but she still wanted him to know that she was smart, and that she was interested in the course.

In the middle of the semester, Ben handed back their midterm tests, and Kate's heart leapt with joy when she saw what he had written on the exam. "Congrats, this is the best test in the class, by far!!!" She was ecstatic. She knew she had impressed him, and that was all she had wanted to do.

At the end of class, Ben approached her.

"Kate, I just wanted to tell you again how impressed I am with your work. It has been a long time since I had a student who was so dedicated to the course, let alone a second semester senior."

"Thanks!" Kate said. Her voice sounded so high pitched, it squeaked like an eleven-year-old boy going through puberty. She felt her face turn bright red. "Well...see you next Tuesday!" She turned and began to walk out of the room.

"Kate, wait," Ben called after her. Kate felt her heart skip a beat, two beats, three beats. Her pulse quickened and her hands grew sweaty. Then she pulled herself together. Come on, she thought to herself, this is ridiculous. He isn't interested in you, he just thinks you're a good student.

Kate took a deep breath and turned around. He had moved closer to her now, practically right on top of her.

"I, uh, just wanted to stress to you how much I appreciate all of your work this semester," he said. "You just don't understand how refreshing it is to have a student who is so...passionate about the course."

She longed to tell him the truth, to whisper in his ear that it wasn't the course she was passionate about, but him, to kiss him deeply and hold him forever. 

"Well, I am just, in love...with the topic, I mean," she stammered.

"Good. That's really important to me. I just want to make sure that my students really get the most out of my classes. I want to let you know that I am here to help you, in any way I can."

God, Kate wanted him. And she thought that he might want her. Their discussion seemed to be clouded in innuendo. But then again, she couldn't read too much into this. If she told him her feelings and she was wrong, there could be terrible repercussions. She knew she had to leave it at that.

"Thanks, Ben. I appreciate it. I'll let you know if I need anything."

"Great," he said, but Kate thought that he sounded a bit disappointed. "See you Tuesday, then?"

"Yeah, Tuesday."

That weekend, Kate spent most of her time in the library, working hard on her term paper. She tried to get Ben and their conversation out of her mind, but she just couldn't do it. She had a difficult time focusing on her paper. All she could think about was him; him kissing her, him caressing her, him rolling his tongue over every inch of her, him inside of her. 

It was all she could take. She got up from her seat, and as she did, she felt herself pour wetness onto her panties. She practically ran to the nearest bathroom and sat down in the last stall. She pulled her pants and underwear down around her ankles and put her fingers immediately on her clit. She closed her eyes and leaned back against the toilet, massaging herself in deep circles as she imagined all of the things that she wanted to do to Ben, and all of the things she longed for him to do to her. 

She saw herself staring up at him as she sucked him dry. She saw him licking her clit fiercely. She imagined herself bent over his bed as he took her from behind, grabbing her breasts roughly and pinching her nipples just the way she liked it. She envisioned him coming inside her, then collapsing on top of her, kissing her between her shoulder blades.

Kate gripped her breast tight in one hand as she came and came. She tried to stifle her moans even though she was alone in the bathroom; how embarrassing it would be to be caught! When she was finished, she bent over and took a deep breath. Then she sat up and grabbed some toilet paper to clean herself off. She had never been very successful at masturbating, but that was phenomenal. 

She made her way back to her work table and sat in front of her computer. She knew what she wanted to do, and she didn't care what happened because of it. She opened up her email and sent Ben a quick message:

Ben,

I had a few questions about my term paper. I would really appreciate it if you could meet with me so we can discuss it.

Thanks,

Kate

Almost immediately after she hit 'send,' Kate regretted her decision. What exactly did she think was going to happen in his office? That he would make love to her deeply and passionately? Yeah, right. More likely, they would talk about her term paper and she would leave without ever being able to tell him how she felt.

Kate got back to work on her paper, but she had only written two more sentences when a box popped up on the screen. 1 new message. Kate's heart skipped a beat. Could it be him??

She opened her inbox and was delighted to see that he had already responded. Giddily, she opened up the email to read his response.

Kate,

Of course! I want to help you in any way I can. How about you stay after class this week? We can sit down in my office and talk about whatever is on your mind. 

See you then,

Ben

Kate smiled broadly. She was certain there was something else there, something behind that message that meant more than just a review session.

Before class that Tuesday, Kate picked out her favorite pink thong and matching bra. Both the bra and the thong were covered in small black polka dots and had a little pink rose sewn into the middle. She opened her closet and chose her favorite mini-skirt, a khaki pleated number, and a black halter top. She was thankful it had finally gotten warm enough out that she could flaunt her long, thin legs and small waist. Her breasts were modest, just a size B, but they fit perfectly on her small frame. Kate wasn't necessarily expecting anything to happen, but she wanted to be prepared in case it did.

All through class she squirmed in her seat, counting the minutes until she would be alone with him. Finally, she heard the rest of her class shuffling their books, signaling that it was time to go. Ben always went over time, so the class had to subtly let him know when it was time to be dismissed.

Kate stood up and looked over to him. He looked especially sexy today. He was clean shaven and wore a black button-up with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, light blue jeans and polished black dress shoes. Kate watched as the other girls in class went up to speak with him, and just as she approached she heard Ben say to them, "sorry, ladies, I really can't talk today, I have an important meeting."

Kate smiled in triumph as the girls sulked away.

"So, Kate," he said to her, smiling warmly. "Are you ready?"

"Yeah!" Again, Kate heard her voice make that high-pitched squeaking noise.

She followed him down the hallway to his office. He unlocked the door and pushed it open.

"After you," he said, holding the door aside.

Kate perched on the edge of the chair facing his desk. She set her bag down on the seat next to her and took a look around Ben's office. It was pretty typical, bookshelves full of history texts and a desk messy with papers to grade. 

"Will it make you uncomfortable if I lock the door?" he asked her. "I don't like to be disturbed when I talk with students and I have found that the best way to do avoid people is to lock them out."

"Uh, yeah, that's...fine!" Kate knew it. She knew he wanted her. Why else would he lock the door? But she had to be sure.

"So, what kind of problems are you having with your paper?" Ben didn't even bother to sit in his desk chair. Instead, he leaned against his mahogany desk, facing her with his arms folded casually across his chest. 

Kate knew she had to choose her words delicately. She had to hint to him what she wanted, to let him know that it was OK for him to make a move, but she didn't want to set herself up for disappointment. 

"See...I'm having a problem...nailing down my topic." Nailing??!! Seriously? Kate, you sound like a frat boy, she thought to herself.

"Well, do you have any ideas? What particular kinds of problems are you having?"

"It's just that, well, every time I sit down to write, I can't seem to concentrate. I have some preliminary research done but..." Suddenly, Kate had an idea. "But I think I want to change my topic."

"Oh?" said Ben. "So you're not interested in exploring the women's rights movement?"

"Well, I am. I just want to focus my topic more."

"Do you have a concentration in mind?"

"Yes," Kate stated firmly. This was it, the moment of truth. Her heart pounded in her chest. "I think I want to focus on how the sexual revolution changed society's perception of women."

There was a long pause. Oh God, oh God, Kate thought. I said the wrong thing. He knows and he doesn't want me. I have made a fool of myself. Oh God. Oh God. 

Finally, Ben broke the silence. "That's an excellent topic Kate."

"Really?"

"Yes. I have never had anyone research that before, and I think you are just the woman to do it."

Wow. He knew and he wanted her. She said the right thing. She was sure of it.

"Are you sure?" she asked

"Definitely," he said. He sat down in the chair next to her and put her bag on the ground. "I hope you don't mind me saying but..." he hesitated. He wasn't sure if he was reading her right either. "You seem to be very in touch with your sexuality."

"I am. I guess I have just always known that when I really want something I need to go for it."

And with that, Kate leaned over closer to him. She stopped halfway to make sure she was right, but Ben immediately came to meet her. He took her face in his hands and kissed her passionately. Kate closed her eyes and felt his tongue fill her mouth. Butterflies rose in her stomach. She felt light-headed and joyful all at once. She wanted him to stay there kissing her forever.

He pulled away and leaned his forehead against hers.

"Oh, Kate, I have wanted you for so long," he told her. "You are such an incredible creature, so intelligent and beautiful and sexy. I have fantasized about this moment all semester."

"Me too," she said heavily, and leaned forward to kiss him again.

For a long time they sat there, leaning across their chairs and kissing each other deeply. Kate stood up and moved to his chair, straddling him as she moved to kiss him again. She could feel the bulge in his pants, and she was certain he could feel the heat coming off her throbbing clit. 

Ben pulled away and began kissing and licking her neck, blowing on it occasionally and sending chills down her spine. 

"I want to make love to you," he whispered.

"Oh, please, please, I want you so much," she whispered back.

He hoisted her up as he stood, her legs still wrapped around his waist as they continued to lick and kiss one another. He leaned her back across his desk and fell on top of her, making his way down the neck of her halter.

"When I saw you walk into class today, I almost sent everyone home. I just couldn't wait to be inside you."

Kate moaned softly as he breathed hot air onto her nipples over her shirt. He ran his hands across her stomach, then brought his mouth down to her belly button. He rubbed his hands along her ribs and up toward her breasts, where they immediately pushed her bra up and began teasing her nipples.

Kate moaned suddenly as she felt Ben licking his way in one smooth motion from her belly button up to the underside of her breasts. 

"Sh," he whispered, his breath hitting her nipples and making them even harder. "We have to be quiet. No one can know about us."

Kate let out a quiet "mm-hm," and Ben continued to fondle her. He enclosed his mouth around her pert, pink nipple. He ran his tongue over the sensitive center of her breast, and her body convulsed at his touch. He stayed there for several minutes, sucking on each of her breasts in turn and biting them playfully with his teeth every once in awhile. 

"Your tits are perfect," he told her. "You are so beautiful. You have no idea how much I want you."

Ben pulled Kate up to face him and began to kiss her again. He stopped for just a minute to pull her shirt up over her head and unhook her bra. Then he took his hand and began to massage her inner thigh, gently at first and then more roughly. He began to suck on her nipples again. Occasionally his fingers would graze her wet slit playfully, and she would throw her head back just a bit and close her eyes. 

Ben kept sucking on her breasts. Kate had never been with a man who had taken such a long time pleasing her.

"I want to make you come over and over," Ben told her as he pulled her panties down to the floor. 

With that, he got down on his knees in front of her. Kate grabbed onto his short brown hair, and he took his glasses off. He started slowly, kissing her thighs and licking almost all the way up before kissing his way back down again. He teased her slowly until she felt as if she would burst. It had been nearly an hour since they had first kissed and he was still pleasing her. 

"Please," Kate pleaded. "Please, I need you. I need you to make me come."

"Of course, I want you to be happy. I will do whatever you want."

This time, Ben dragged his tongue all the way up her leg and flicked it across her clit playfully. He licked the spot between her opening and her clit roughly before he began to tongue her fiercely, sucking hard on her clit. Almost immediately she came, soaking his desk. She reeled up and pulled on his hair, but he continued to apply hard pressure until her legs had finished quaking. Kate felt numb, her mind was spinning and her heart was racing. Finally. She had been waiting for so long, for nearly thee months, and finally he had satisfied her.

Ben patted her gently and then came up to lay his head on her neck. He kissed her clavicle then moved to her mouth and put his tongue inside her again. She could taste herself on him, and it drove her crazy.

"I want to make love to you," Ben said. "I want to feel you surround me."

"Oh please," Kate begged. "I want you inside me so much."

Ben stood up and took off his shirt, then unfastened his belt and pulled his pants down. His penis stood hard and erect; it was straining so much that Kate was afraid he would come before ever making it inside her. 

Ben took himself in his hand and rubbed the velvety head of his cock over her clit, working his way from top to bottom. He teased her with it, pointing it toward her opening then pulling it away at the last moment. It seemed like he knew exactly what she wanted.
