 Previously: A phone conversation at the start of this Chapter will give background. Read or scan Chapters 1,2,3 for more detains and some intense sex stories.

Characters:

Len -- 64 -- widowed 3 years ago (traffic accident)

Tammi -- Len calls her "T" -- 56 - Len's next door neighbor -- widowed 18 months ago (pancreatic cancer)

Jami -- 49 -- Tammi's sister

Kaili -- 18 -- Jami's daughter

"His sis" Jami answered her smart phone. "What's up?'

"Hi, Jaims. Not much- except I got a new guy in my life."

"Really!! Give me details. Name -- age -- how you met him."

"Actually it is my next door neighbor. He lost his wife about three years ago. He is 64, but looks and acts a lot younger. I invited him over for drinks last weekend. After our third drink he got pretty bold -- but still very polite. He said he thought we could have a mutually satisfactory physical relationship. He said he had always taken great pleasure in bringing his wife to intense orgasms that made her scream with pleasure. But he put no pressure on me -- and insisted I take a few days to think it over."

"Wow -- I never heard of a man who didn't want to jump your bones at his first chance."

"I know. I tried to kiss him when he left but he just turned his head and took it on the cheek. I spent the whole night thinking about him and the next day texted him that I wanted to give it a try. Monday I ended up in a limo that took me to the Downtown Marriot -- Honeymoon Suite no less. Jami -- I've never had so many wonderful orgasms in such a short time. We basically had a sixteen hour fuckfest -- I must have cum six or eight times."

"This sounds like a man I want to meet!"

"That's why I'm calling. During one of our discussions I told him about that one cunt sucking session we had when you were home from college. He wants to meet you, too. Can you come over sometime next week?"

"My slit is soaked just hearing you talk about all this. How about tomorrow?!"

"That should be fine. My house -- 6:30?"

"See you then sis. Oh -- by the way. Is it ok if I bring Kaili?"

"Wouldn't that eliminate activities we might want to have?"

"I don't think so. We were talking about sex a few days ago and she really wants to expand her knowledge and experience. All she's had so far is some heavy petting with boys and one girl. The farthest she ever went with a boy was jacking them off to keep them from wanting to fuck her. And, of course, all the boys want is to explode into her cunt -- no thought for her needs. She's still a virgin and I'm sure she wants to change that. Someone so thoughtful and gentle as Len sounds like he might be a guy who would give her her first real fuck, but not force her into anything.. It sounds like the only orgasms she's had are with her vibrator -- maybe with the other girl. I know she's appreciate a good, slow building, screaming cum."

"Ok. See you both tomorrow. Don't bring anything. I'll have snacks and maybe we can order a pizza."

_________________________________________________________-

Len answered the doorbell trying to keep his dick from tenting his shorts. After T had told him that both Jami and Kaili were coming he had tried not to think about what could happen, but it was hard -- and IT was definitely HARD.

"Hi you must be Jamie."

"Hi, Len. Yes -- and this is Kaili."

"Nice to meet you, Kaili."

Jami was a wisp of a thing. She was about 5'2" and slender as a rail. She had absolutely no bust. But Len found her extremely sexy. She wore tight jeans, tucked into mid-calf boots. On top she had a peasant blouse over a cami showing thin red straps. Len doubted she even wore a bra -- she didn't need one. The thought of her tiny tits and pinpoint nipples standing freely underneath caused Len's prick to grow even harder. He loved tiny tits and couldn't wait to get his hands on them and suck her small chest bulges.

Jami wore her blond hair in a pony tale pulled through the back. Had T told her sister that was Len's favorite?

Kaili was also thin, but much more shapely - she obviously wore a bra. She had tight yoga pants -- so tight that Len's dick swelled even more. He could easily make out her cunt lips. He saw no seam lines so he doubted she even had panties on. The thought of feeling her slit through the tight pants, of massaging her cunt and clit, of licking her slit and young clit pole, and of eventually sticking his hard driving sex tool into her made his shorts bulge so there was no hiding it. He knew he would have to move slowly and gently with Kaili, allowing her to decide the pace of her sex training. Kaili had hair down to her shoulders, hair that was blonde but had a touch of auburn highlighting the golden locks. On top Kaili had a sports bra on showing what cleavage she could with her nubile teen titties. Len wondered if they were already larger than her mother's.

"Oh, look K. Len is excited to see us. VERY excited. If you want to feel his cock have at it."

"I think I'll pass -- maybe later.'

"Okay, but one never knows when his is going to shoot off his load -- and that might ruin him for the night!"

"That will ever happen" Len said. "I'll bet you 20 that you spend your sex energy before I do. I'll work my hardest to get you so many intense cums that you get all sore and tired out."

"The bet is on."

"Hi girls" T greeted them as she arrived at the door. "Welcome. Want some drinks and snacks? Kaili you can have whatever your mom allows. Beer -- wine - Gin & Tonic -- Rum and Coke?"

"She can have anything. I'll have a G&T" Jami said.

"I'll have a rum and Coke" Kaili said.

"3 G&T and 1 Cuba Libre coming up" Len said.

The girls settled at the table where T had laid out a good amount of snacks. Quickly, Len arrived with 4 drinks. They sipped their drinks, snacked and chatted for about 10 minutes.

Then Len said -- "Okay lets get the white elephant out of the room."

Kailli said "what the hell does that mean?"

The adults laughed and told her.

.

"Kaili, we are here to have sex. If your mother and T have sex, it will be incest -- sex between family members. Some people think that incest is wrong, but I just think it is a natural extension of love. Sex between your mom and aunt has happened before."

"Mom??"

" Yes, hon -- it did happen and it was great. Back when I was a senior in high school. Sex is not just between a boy and a girl. It comes in many forms. Girl- girl sex is very wonderful."

Len could see some tenseness come into Kaili's face and body.

"Now, look Kaili. You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. Why don't you just start by watching so you can see how caring and gentle our sex will be -- and how much fun it is. You will hear us make many sounds of intense pleasure. You can join in when you are ready -- or not at all."

Aunt T added

"Kaili, like Len says -- you are free to participate or not. Do you masturbate? If nothing else when you are watching us I am sure you will get so hot and wet so will want to get yourself off. Here is one of my vibrators -- have you used one before?"

Kaili's face showed a tinge of red.

"Yes, mom bought me one -- and I've used it some. Mostly right before my periods when I feel tense and tingly and need release. I have one question -- how do I know I won't get pregnant? I haven't started taking pills yet."

Len chuckled.

"That's a good question. Of course you can never pregnant from another girl. As for me- I had a vasectomy years ago. That means I had the tube that carries my "baby makers" has been cut and they can't get through. But I can still ejaculate -- I can spurt oodles of sperm."

Jami had watched the interaction, getting hotter and hotter. She moved over toward T and gave her a deep kiss. Their tongues started intertwining, probing deeper and deeper.

Jami broke the kiss.

"That, my daughter, was a French kiss. It shows sexual interest by both kissers."

T reached over to her sister and hugged her tight.

"God, I've missed you and your body. I just didn't think you had any interest in repeating the fling we had when we were so young."

T's hands rubbed Jami's shoulders - then moved down under her armpits and further down her sides, ending up at her tiny butt. Jami easily allowed her lower body to be pulled tight to T's crotch. The sisters began grinding against each other, both moaning with their rising passion. Each could feel their twat start to get hot and begin to slicken with pussy juice.

Len watched for a couple of minutes, his groin starting to ache, his balls tightening in need of sexual release. His whole day had been spent in anticipation of this pending sex party.

"Hey, don't forget about me."

Len joined the sisters who continued to make out, their hands groping and feeling and rubbing, French kissing - then licking their faces. His left hand went down and started massaging Jami's small, firm butt cheeks. His right hand moved to the inside of her legs and was soon joined by T's hand. They rubbed her inner thighs through her jeans and then started massaging her slit and cunt lips.

Len thought he knew where he could pinpoint Jami's clit.

"Oh, my God. That is sooooo goooood" Jamie uttered.

Len knew he had his on the mark. Wanting to finally see her tiny tits, Len moved his other hand up under her blouse and cami, rubbing her tummy just over the top of her jeans. When he moved up to her chest he found that he was right -- no bra. He began to tweek her pointed, erect nipples with this hand. Len knew that most guys preferred large boobs where they could bury their face in softness. He also knew that big tits eventually sagged. Len liked tiny -- or at least smaller tits. When they perked up they were like a man's hardon, ready for action. Shortly he tugged her blouse and cami over her head.

T meanwhile was working her sister on the lower body. Her hands rubbed inside her thighs, meeting Len's at her bare tummy -- they then both moved down to her labia and slit, massaging hard and harder. Len unbuttoned her jeans and reached around to feel her firm butt. He rubbed her butt crack and pucker hole, then over her taint, meeting up with T, working Jami's clit from front and back.

"Oh my God -- you two are such a team" Jamie offered as she shuddered in pleasure.

She had been kissing both her sister and Len from the nose downward, sucking her sister's nipples through her clothing. She managed to pull Len's shirt over his head, then removed Tammi's see-through blouse and deftly unhooked her bra with one hand.

T & Len removed Jami's boots, unsnapped her jeans and started to lower the tight skinny jeans. Len quickly saw that Jami was "commando" and then discovered that she was shaved bald, revealing a nice set of puffy labia. Len and T spread her cunt lips wide, showing a wonderful pink slit already filling with pussy juices.

"God, sis. Your fuck hole is SO gorgeous" T gushed. "I had no idea you shaved your box."

"Started doing that in college. Guys seem to love being able to eat muff without any hair in the way. Don't you shave?"

"I do now. Len shaved me for the first time a few days ago. He left me a nice little arrow pointing right to my hot button. I do like the feeling my newly shaved pussy gives me. Sometimes when I'm just walking around the sensation of my silk panties gets me hot and wet."

"It's time I see you naked, sis."

Jami quickly got rid of T's pants and panties.

Not to be left out, Len dropped his shorts -- he was also commando -- letting his pulsing, throbbing cock free from restraint.

" Wow! Len!! What a monster you're hung with! Sis, you gave me no clue you were being fucked by a horse!! I can see why you are in sex with this guy."

Len quickly buried his face in Jami's crotch, licking her slit and lapping up her tasty cunt saliva. He saw her clitoris, pearly white and standing erect. It was obviously saying "suck me, suck me". He obliged.

Jami moaned "Yes, yes. Right there. Oh that feels so great. Keep it up and I'll cum real soon."

"I'll be back. I want to compare the taste of two sisters."

While Len had started his cunnilingus, the sisters had continued kissing, sucking their tits and massaging their butt cheeks and then under the crotch, fingering their dripping wet cunts. Now Len moved his mouth to T's snatch.

"Oh, yes, hon" T gasped as Len found her clit and started licking and sucking her fully distended female pole.

"Ummmm. What a great comparison, tasting two related vaginas in such a short time. They are different flavors -- Jami seems just a tad sweeter than T. But both are delicious and I love that cunt juice."

During the time of the threesome's ménage-a-trois, Kaili had been watching intently, slowly rubbing herself through her yoga pants.

Len happened to glance at Kaili just as she stood up and took a step to the hot pile of flesh before her.

"I wonder if she's finally going to give in and join in" Len thought to himself. "Wow! She looks delicious. I think I can see a little discoloration in the crotch of those pants right about where her slit would be. I wonder if ......."

(to be continued as Katie quickly broadens her sexual experience)