 I'd been in his class all semester. His sexy British accent made it so easy to listen to his lectures. I didn't even have to take notes because I would remember every single word that he said. He was tall, strong, and no more than thirty years of age with lightly tanned skin and dark hair. He had a little stubble on his chin, green eyes that glowed in the dark, and best of all (though no one knew I was aware of this except for him) an amazing cock.

Professor Duke stopped me as I was exiting the classroom one Friday to ask me about an assignment I had turned in. The whole time I was explaining, he was biting his lip and staring me directly in the eye. It made me want him more than I already did to think that he wanted me back. When I was done he walked me to the door and opened it for me as I made my way out. I turned back to see him staring at me through the window of the door and not even bothering to look away once we made eye contact. This man wanted me.

That weekend I studied extra hard for my test that Monday. Professor Duke had asked us to tone down the partying just for that weekend because of finals and we all promised him we would. I'm not much of a partier anyhow. I spend most of my time studying or doing my homework. I know what you're thinking. A degree is a degree, but if I want something, I need to work for it to the best of my ability and not sit around wasting time. I aced my final that Monday and Professor Duke stopped me again on the way out of class.

"Peyton, I've been watching you all semester. You are an extremely beautiful being on the inside and out."

"Thank you, Professor."

"You're not my student anymore. You can call me Duke."

"Yes sir," I said with a smile.

He laid his hand on my lower back and pulled me in a little, looking me straight in the eyes. "You have so much potential, Peyton. I'm not sure you're even aware of just how much you have. You're intelligent, bright, you're witty. You're the complete package."

I had no idea how to react to this, but I didn't have much time to do so anyhow before he kissed me. I had ben smiling and probably blushing. That much I know. His kiss was the most erotic thing. The way we were extremely in sync with each other was like nothing I'd ever felt before. His touch sent chills down my spine. And when he leaned his head back to see my face his eyes sparkled in the fluorescent lighting of that classroom. I was breathless.

"Peyton," he walked over to his desk and started writing something on a small notepad and handed me the piece of paper, "this is my number if you should ever need it. Even if you just want to talk, call me. I'm always available to converse with my students."

"I thought you said I wasn't your student anymore," I said with a sly smile.

He grinned back at me. I was teasing him. He liked it. "Well, love, I will answer anytime you call."

I got wet the second he called me love. I wanted something to go down right then and there in that classroom, but I knew it should probably wait unless we wanted to get arrested. I went home and thought about him for the rest of the day. When I slipped into my more comfortable clothes, I thought about his hand on my lower back. When I made dinner, I wished he was there to wrap his arms around me. When I changed into my night clothes, I focused on his kiss so much it became real. I wanted to call him, but I couldn't. He'd have to wait. In the mean time, I touched myself for some release. 

The next day was dreadful. I waited until that night the whole day. I had showered, gotten dressed, ran some errands, grabbed a bite to eat, and now I was sitting at home watching Law and Order and staring at my phone. When 7 PM finally rolled around I found the note in my purse and dialed his number. My heart beat faster and faster as the phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Professor Duke? Hi. It's me, uhh... Peyton."

"Peyton, I've been wondering if you would call, love," there it was again, "How are you this evening?"

"I'm wonderful, Professor, and yourself?"

"I'm doing just fine, but I told you you can call me 'Duke', lovely."

"I know, but I like to call you 'Professor' if I'm being honest."

"As long as we're being honest, why do you prefer that name?"

"Professor, I..."

"Peyton. I already know. I just want you to tell me. I've seen the way you look at me all semester and you know I've been eyeing you too. So say it, Peyton."

"Professor, I-I've always had this fantasy of having sex with one of my teachers, but I've never had the opportunity or anyone that was nearly as attractive as you are. I just... I wasn't trying to make it that obvious. I just enjoy watching you. Oh... that sounded creepy. I-I mean... what I mean is..."

"Peyton, you don't have to explain yourself and that doesn't sound as creepy as you think it does."

"But that means it still sounds creepy."

"In a way, yes, but I know you. I've had you in my class all semester. It's not the same as if you just said this to a stranger. Peyton, I want you too. I can't stop thinking about you. I haven't all semester. You have a gorgeous body and I can tell just by the way your hips swing that you know how to use every inch of it. Come over, Peyton. Just come over right now. Please."

"Professor, are you sure?"

"Yes, Peyton. Just come over and bring a few things to stay the night."

He gave me his address, I changed into my sexiest lingerie, threw on a nice outfit over it, grabbed my nightgown, toothbrush, soap, and other things of that nature, and ran out the door to my car. I arrived at a very nice sand colored brick, one-story house with white trim and a dark brown front door. He opened it as soon as I pulled into the driveway, came to my car, grabbed my bag and carried it inside for me. 

We made our way to the back of the house to his bedroom where he sat my bag down in a chair in the corner of the room. We walked back through the living room and into the kitchen.

"Can I get you some coffee, tea, or anything else to drink?" he asked.

"Umm just water," I replied.

I will admit I was a tad bit unsure and quite a bit anxious about what was about to take place, but I was going to do it regardless because I knew I really did want it. If I didn't want it, why would I think about it every second of every waking hour ever since the day I first laid eyes on him? He filled my glass of water from the fridge and handed it to me, making direct eye contact as he did. I sipped it for a couple of minutes as we stood in the loudest silence I'd ever heard. I leaned against the counter and he stood in the center of the room. When I set the glass down he walked straight towards me, slipped his hand between the counter and my back to hold me, and pressed his lips against mine as our eyes closed and the night began. His tongue dancing and his lips harmonizing with mine took my breath away. 

He backed away. "Should we make our way to the bedroom?"

I pursed my lips and nodded my head. I'm sure he could see on my face how nervous I was.

We walked back into his room. It had one of the most comfortable vibes and had a scent of oak trees and vanilla. He closed the door behind me and I took a seat on his bed. He sat down next to me and again pressed his lips against mine and held my head in his hand. I places my hand over his and tilted my head as we kissed, rubbing my hand up and down his muscular thighs through his pants, getting closer and closer each time. Finally, I rubbed it as he tilted his head back and moaned slightly. I could barely feel it so I'm sure he couldn't much either. I was only rolling his balls around. He brought his head up and kissed my neck as I continued to massage him. 

Things were getting more and more heated by the split second. Our hearts beat faster and faster as our bodies got warmer and pretty soon we couldn't take anymore. He slipped the top of my dress and my bra under my left breast and kissed it hard before taking it into his mouth and sucking. He flicked his tongue up and down and swirled it around on my nipple and then moved and repeated on my right. My red lace thong was beginning to get moist and I was dying to get off and to get him off. I could feel his bulge growing and growing through his zipper. I stood up, pulled my dress up and over my head and turned around so he could unfasten my bra and then take off his shirt. We stood chest to chest. He reached his hand behind me and pulled me closer to him as our lips crashed together and our skin started to mesh as we kept each other warm. I reached my hand between us to continue rubbing his member. I was trying to make him walk backwards to slam him into the wall when we tripped over my dress and my black and red bra and fell onto the bed. I was on top of him so I went with it. Now only in my thong and my converse high tops, I kissed from his lips down his neck and then down his stomach before undoing his belt and zipper and pulling his pants down. This was the first time I had ever seen a man that actually wore white briefs. His chest was extremely chiseled and his arms were captivating. I could see his cock through his briefs, but when I slipped off loafers and pulled down his Hanes, I was extremely pleased with what I saw. He was completely hairless which would make it so much easier and I could go as far down his shaft as I wanted without being nervous about getting hair in my mouth. 

I pressed my lips against his head getting a taste of his pre-cum and pausing for a minute to taste it. The second my tongue touched his throbbing cock he revealed a sigh. I put my lips over his head and started to glide up and down his cock placing my hands behind my back so my mouth was completely in control, occasionally stopping to kiss his body. After a while I alternated to suck his balls as my fingernails tickled his bare skin. He was in complete awe, moaning my name every time I began to send him over the edge, but once I did, I always switched my technique.

Finally the words "I want to taste you" escaped my mouth and he roared a loud moan before shooting his cum into my mouth for my indulgence before swallowing.

"Peyton, you are amazing."

I know I was beaming as he sat up to slip off my panties and sat on his knees on the floor to lick up my juices while the front of my thighs pressed against the bed to keep me stable. When his tongue entered my soaking hole, I threw my head back and pressed his face closer. My knees almost completely gave out when he started flicking his tongue on my g-spot. I could feel myself about to cum so I stopped him.

"I need you inside me. Right now."

I laid on my stomach on the bed and he leaned over me, kissing my neck and pushing the head of his dick against my vagina before biting me as he entered. I moaned so loud. He glided in and out of me and the friction warmed us both.

"Professor... this feels so... good. Go... faster."

His thrusts increased speed a bit and he kept pumping while he flipped me onto my back. He laid the back of my knees over his shoulders and leaned over to kiss me. Our bodies intertwined as well as our lips as his cock slipped back and forth inside me. I bit his lip and kissed him a few more times before guiding his head towards my neck and breasts to kiss all over me. His thrusts got stronger and I pulled his head up next to my face to trace my tongue along the edge of his ear and nibble it. His face gave me everything I needed to know hat he loved the way my mouth felt on any part of his body. He slid out, picked me up, and slammed me down on my hands and knees prior to forcing himself inside of me again and grabbing my boobs as he wildly bucked his hips. His balls were slapping my clit with each pounding and I couldn't help but to begin a constant moan. My muscles contracted and I let out the sexiest sound I have ever heard come from my mouth. The contraction was enough for him. His pumping increased drastically before he came a second time deep inside me. His cum filled me, but he did not stop his force. He kept going and kept going as more and more of his load poured into my pussy. His booming grunting and moaning continued as well. When he had finally finished, he removed himself and I got on my knees to taste it on his cock. What was inside me started draining out of me. He laid on the floor under me to lick it all out with his mouth and I sucked the rest of our cum off of him. I unmounted his face and sat on my knees staring him in the eyes.

"You are so beautiful and so extremely talented."

"Professor, you said I was talented before. How did you know?"

"Your personality, your attitude... You have a confidence that only talented people can have. There are people in this world who act confident, but it's all a mask, Peyton. On the inside they are very insecure beings. You are different from those people. You stand out in a crowd. Your smile is brighter than all of the others because it's real."

I beamed and bent down to kiss his lips.

He stood up and we snuggled up, naked body against naked body in between his sheets, our bodies twirling and rolling over each other as the night came to a close. We fell asleep intertwined and when I awoke I was - for the first time in my life - not filled with regret. This professor saw something in me that everyone else saw, but he was brave enough to speak of it. Most people will assume if there's something positive about you, that you already know it. I didn't want to go home that day, but after breakfast and a sensual blow job in the shower, I packed my things back into my oversized tote and left, reminiscing the whole way home as the sun was shining through my windshield and I was wishing I could be back in his arms again.