 In my second semester of my master's program, my supervisor and mentor left for another college. This professor gave me every opportunity I had, including writing me a letter of recommendation for the program. I gotten used to traveling with him and working with him almost every day. I'd also fallen helplessly in love with him. 

I knew I needed to get him some sort of going-away gift, but I had no clue what to do. His interests were broad, and he'd seemingly heard every song and read every book. I could have framed some of our travel tickets, but I didn't want to seem forced or weird. What to get for the scattered professor who has everything? 

The last day of term came around, and I still had nothing at all. I finished teaching my last class and headed back to my office. Our offices were adjacent, with a window in the upper corner; one that I had assumed was too small to jeopardize my privacy. I often changed into more comfortable clothes for my late night graduate courses in my office, without thinking twice. 

A few times during the semester I felt as though someone was watching me over my shoulder, but when I looked, the door was firmly shut and the hallway was silent. I wrote it off to the draftiness of the old building. 

Today I felt the same feeling of being observed. I had the distinct sense that it was in the upper left corner of my office - the same corner that connected my office to my professor's. Could it have been him this whole time? I decided to test my theory. 

Luckily I'd worn a matching bra and panty set. I slipped out of my blue dress and let it fall to the floor. My black lace bra held my pale breasts, slightly pushing them to create cleavage that was just on the cusp of sexy and professional. I kicked off my nude heels and bent over to pick them up and put them off to the side, exposing my full ass, barely covered by my sheer boyshorts. I loved the way they felt when I wore them. I'd been working on toning my ass to make it as high and tight as possible, and this type of underwear showed off my hard work. 

I heard a crash behind me. I'd turned and caught sight of my professor darting out of the frame. Bingo. 

I immediately knew what I would give my professor. 

I sauntered over to the office phone and dialed his number. He had the decorum to let it ring a few times before he picked up. "Hello?"

"Hey, I'm having trouble downloading these files from the group. Do you have a moment to help me?" I have never been good at coming up with lies on the spot. 

"Sure, I'll be right over."

I decided I didn't want to shock him immediately, but I didn't want to get fully dressed, either. I quickly pulled down my panties and stuffed them in the top drawer of the desk, and put on the jeans and blazer I'd brought to change into. 

As looked at myself in the mirror, something seemed still too uptight. I let down my long blonde curls and shook them out. I took off my glasses and set them on a cabinet. I wouldn't be needing them anyway. 

Just then I heard a knock on the door. I opened it, and my professor walked in. I could tell he had a raging hard-on, but I didn't say anything. Let him think his secret was safe. 

"Mind if I take a look?" he asked, his voice slightly shaky. 

"Of course. I'm sure it's something silly, but I figured I'd get as much help from you as I can while you're still here," I replied. Tears welled up in my eyes, but I forced them back. Now was a time for seduction, not sadness. 

After a few minutes, he figured out the problem. I could have fixed it myself, but how else would I have gotten him within my grasp?

"See here? You were using the wrong program, and it was distilling the images in the wrong format." As he spoke, he pointed to the screen. I took the opportunity to lean over the desk to get a better look. I shifted so that it became office I wasn't wearing a shirt under my jacket. I'd adjusted my tits so that at the right angle, you could almost see my nipples. It helped they were rock hard from desire. 

He gulped. I pretended to catch him staring and offered up an explanation. 

"Oh, sorry. I guess I was in such a rush I forgot to put on a shirt! Forgetful me." 

"It's quite alright. In fact, I'm glad you forgot." I was shocked. I hadn't actually expected this to work. Everything I've wanted for three years, right in front of me. I didn't want to mess up. 

"So, what are the rules, since it's your last day here?"

"As far as I'm concerned, there are no rules. We can be completely honest with each other. And to be honest, I've wanted you since I first saw you on that trip three years ago."

I felt a surge of wetness rush to my pussy and soak my jeans. So much for wearing them to class later. "Oh, really?"

"Don't play coy with me. I know you noticed. Why else would you have worn that tiny bikini on the beach? Your perfect body drove me wild. And then you started wearing everything tighter and shorter... It's taken every ounce of self-control I have not to hold you down and kiss you."

Now or never. 

"Well, why don't you? It will be consequence free. I may not even see you again." I meant every word. 

Without hesitation he stood up from the desk and shut the door. He picked me up and sat me down on the desktop, without regard for my careful placed trinkets. Before I knew it, one of his hands was on my waist, the other grabbing a fistful of my hair. His kisses were hot and wet and delicious. I felt like I might come, right then. Years of pent-up sexual tension create waves that are impossible to stand against. 

"You taste just as sweet as I imagined you would. Are you so delicious everywhere?" He illustrated his point by biting and licking down my neck toward the top of my breast. Without warning, he pulled down my bra and put his mouth on my nipple. I was sure that would send me over, but somehow I managed to keep myself in check. 

My hands traveled up and over his shoulders. I slid my hands slowly down to his belt, where his cock was begging to be freed. I did him the pleasure and gasped when I saw it. 

"How have you been hiding this this whole time?" I was shocked at it's length and girth. There isn't anything I love more than a nice, thick cock. 

Without another word I jumped off the desk and pushed him against it. His pants fell to his ankles and he wrapped his hands around my head. I swallowed as much of his cock as I could before I started to gag. 

After a few minutes of my hands cupping his balls and my tongue gliding up and down the underside of his, he picked me up and spun me around to face away from him. 

"You know, we can stop this now and never talk about it again." The tip of his penis was pulsing at the slick opening of my pussy. 

"How about we do it and never talk about it again?"

With that he pushed inside me as deep as he could go. He slapped his hand over my mouth to keep me from crying out and being overheard. I've never been so full. I'd also never been with a man 30 years my senior, so maybe it was all the experience he had.  

He pumped in and out of me as quickly as he could, as though our lives depending on it. 

Maybe they did. 

My tits bounced painfully with every thrust, and he noticed. He caught them with his hands and simultaneously used them as leverage while pinching and pulling my rock-hard nipples. 

After just a few moments, I reached my hand down to my clit and started rubbing. He brushed my hand away and started doing what I can only explain as raising me to a complete state of nirvana. I felt him pump his cum deep inside me and we collapsed together. 

He collected me and started to dress me, putting on an article of my clothing, and then an article of mine. When we were both dressed, he fixed my hair and makeup, adjusting my top to make sure I didn't look too disheveled. 

I reached into my desk for my perfume, when he stopped me. 

"Really, the best going away present you can give me is knowing you'll be smelling like sex during your last class of the semester." He kissed my forehead and walked out. 

I never did see him again, but sometimes we'll email each other to check in. The experience is burned in my mind as though it happened yesterday. No one's been able to fill his shoes, and I don't expect they will.