 I was a woman enraptured. Classes were hard to focus on, and I was impatient to see Professor Cormac. I felt horny all the time; I was sitting in Biology when I had the sudden, incredibly overbearing need to cross my legs tightly. I needed to come, badly. But I wanted the Professor to do it. 

I showed up to his office with a pleated skirt and button-up shirt, trying to look presentable, and maybe a bit flirtatious. For good measure, I put on the one pair of skimpy underwear I had and the matching bra. 

I knocked, and heard his voice tell me to enter. He was sitting at his desk, reading a paper. He gestured to me to approach him, not looking up at me. I stood obediently next to him until he looked up. 

"Not bad," He said, approvingly, as he looked me up and down. "Let me go over a few things: you are here for my pleasure, and I will use you as such. I will not intentionally cause you abject pain, except for what you will incur for disobeying me. If you are an obedient pet, I will make you feel immense pleasure. That being said, it is not my main goal, nor will my enjoyment of your body be diminished by your lack of it. Understand?"

I nodded, then quickly added, "Yes, master." 

"Good. Take off your shirt and come sit on my lap." I unbuttoned the shirt and did as instructed. My legs draped off the left arm of the chair as I sat. He resumed his reading, and I admired him as we sat there. He smelled intoxicatingly good, and his eyes were even more pronounced when focused. Unable to resist, I stroked his neck with my index finger. 

"Danielle, did I instruct you to touch me?" He asked. 

"No, master."

"Then why did you?"

"I apologize, master. I could not resist. Please punish me as you see fit. I will endure like a good pet whatever you deem worthy of inflicting." I saw a slight upward pull of the corner of his mouth at this. 

"You make a tempting offer, pet," He answered, his voice heavy. "I think I might just take you up on that." He pulled my hair back, suddenly, and his mouth went to my neck. He kissed and bit me, hard, and I could tell I would be marked tomorrow. His right hand grabbed roughly at my breast, pulling the fabric aside to reveal my aroused nipple. He put his mouth over it, and I felt the tickle of his beard before I felt his teeth grating over it. I was so horny I was afraid I´d drip onto him. He kept up his attack on my nipple, and I felt an orgasm threaten to burst. 

"Please master, wait," I requested, "I will come."

"You better not," He demanded, continuing to pull at my nipple with his teeth. The skin was red and irritated, but I loved it so. I tried to hold back, and when I had almost given up, he stopped. I breathed a sigh of relief. 

"Good pet," He said. I lay shaking in his arms as he shuffled at his desk more. I felt his boner at my back. When the pressure had somewhat worn off he was back. This time his hand was reaching under my skirt. I wriggled in his lap. He found the fabric of my underwear and pushed it aside. His finger was at my clitoris, and he rubbed it slowly. I moaned aloud. 

"Shh, pet," He instructed, "not too loud." I tried to bite my lower lip and keep calm as he rubbed me. He looked at my tortured expression and smiled. I writhed at his touch, and felt an orgasm building again. I arched my back and I was lifted off his lap, with only the armrests supporting my shoulder blades and my ass. My legs closed around his hands, so he pulled them apart. I fell back onto his lap and he swiveled me so my legs fell over his. He used his feet to pull me apart, his finger continuing its torture. 

"My door is unlocked." He whispered into my ear as he worked. "Someone could enter at 

any moment and find you in my lap like the little slut you are." I had to admit, somehow it turned me on immensely. I was close again, and he knew it. He bit my ear, increasing his frequency. I needed to finish so badly I had tears streaming down my face. 

"Please master," I cried, "I need to come." But he took his finger off my clit. Then, suddenly, he flicked it, and I almost jumped out of the chair, letting out a small yell. His hand went to my neck and he pulled me back, as his fingers resumed on my clit. My legs were shaking uncontrollably as he spoke into my ear again. 

"You're wholly under my control. Say it, pet."

"I am yours-all, ahh, all yours," I stumbled out. It was building again, painfully, and I groaned in frustration. 

"Come for me, pet," He spoke, and I did. It was incredible, and lasted forever. The aching was gone and instead there was nothing but sweet relief, and release. I came into his hand, which blissfully didn´t move. My legs were taut, as well as my arms, before all of me loosened. I was paralyzed. 

He made me stand, and I leaned on his desk to support myself. 

"On your knees," He commanded. And I did so. 

"Crawl to me," He said, so I did. He put my head in his lap and stroked my hair. 

"Have you ever performed oral before?" He asked. 

"No, master." I said. 

"I am going to teach you today, pet. Undo my pants." I started to do so, struggling with my useless fingers. He sat up so I could pull them down. I stopped and waited. 

"Take it out," He followed, and I reached inside his boxers to pull his large and beautiful cock out. I was suddenly nervous for my throat and pussy. 

"Lick," He said. So I took it in my hand and did. He let out a very low moan. "Get me very wet, little pet." I licked everywhere, wrapping my tongue around in circles. When I licked a straight line from the bottom to the head his hands gripped the armrests. I was pleased to see him so affected by me. I kept licking, covering him thickly with my saliva. 

"Keep your hand there," He said, "and put me in your mouth. Get me all the way, but go slow. Take your time, pet." So I put his head inside and started to suck. He groaned and I knew I was doing well. He tasted so good, and I craved his whole length. I lowered a bit more, but felt like I was choking slightly.

"Breathe," He told me. I struggled to focus and breathe evenly, and it helped. I kept moving, taking in more and more. I felt him twitch inside me, and he pushed me even further My 

throat was slowly accommodating him. He was so large. I could tell my jaw would be sore later, but I wanted him, to please, to obey. His hand grabbed my hair roughly and he pushed me until he was fully inside. Then he pulled me in and out, and I put my hand on his balls. I kept sucking the head as it exited my mouth, and his breathing was heavy above me. 

"Just like that, I am close pet," He groaned out, "when I come you need to swallow everything, or I will have to punish you," he warned. I kept going, relishing the feeling of his dick hitting the back of my throat. He was pumping me so quickly now, I kept my mouth open and receiving. Then, he pushed into me, holding my head close, as I felt thick streams coating the back of my throat. I tried to swallow his seed, needed to, as he started to soften. I sucked at him, and his dick kept spasming slightly in my mouth. I looked up at him, seeing if he approved. His features were softer than I recalled, and he placed his right palm on my cheek.

"Very good, pet. Very good." His thumb swiped under my lip and I could see a little spot of cum. He put it in my mouth and I sucked it clean.

"You missed a spot, pet," He said. "I´ll need you to come back for further punishment next week." I got dressed as he studied me, his hand at his mouth. 

"Yes master, I await to receive my punishment eagerly," I told him, as I turned and walked out of his office. 

I meant every fucking word.