 Thirty-Five year old Albert Downey was excited. His divorce from a nagging, bitchy wife was finally underway. He had accepted a new job at a prestigious private university miles away from his old job. And the move had given him a pay raise and promotion.

Life could not be better. There was only one fly in the ointment, his office. He was not at all thrilled with his office assignment in the basement of a classroom building. 

He looked around the hallway as he unlocked the door to his office. Nothing but storage closets. His students would need a roadmap, he mused, in order to find him. What the hell, he thought. The elevator is close and it takes me right to the floor where my classrooms are located.

Also. Out of sight, out of mind. I'm far away from the other faculty, the departmental office and prying eyes. I'm out of the gossip loop and this will give me freedom and time to work on my new book. Little did he know that this office assignment would be a blessing in disguise.

Albert was a hard working and ambitious man. He had proven himself to be an excellent teacher and productive scholar at his previous position; a state university which emphasized teaching rather than scholarship.

The fact that he had produced a biography of Robert Lowery that had attracted national attention and several articles and conference papers in five years attracted the attention of his new chair.

The interview had gone smoothly and he had accepted the job, partly to create distance from his estranged wife, who had agreed to a divorce with great reluctance. 

The office was small, with a large desk dominating one wall and a sort of working ledge against another wall. A typing desk with a computer and printer took up the other wall and the door completed the room.

Not much room, he thought as he looked around. Just then there was a knock on the open door. He looked up to see a young woman standing there, a smile on her face.

The young woman put out her hand. "Hi professor. I'm Jane Benton, your undergrad assistant." 

Albert took her hand as he ran his eyes over her. Not bad, he thought. She's cute, nice reddish brown hair, pretty wide-set blue eyes, some freckles, and, from what I can see, not a bad body.

Jane was dressed in a long shift-like dress slit up one side. It fit her loosely but closely enough so that Albert saw she had curves in all the right places.

Jane was also taking stock of Albert. Ummmm. He's young to be an associate prof; must be good and smart. He's kinda cute. Looks like he works out. She felt her nipples coming erect as Albert's eyes ran over her body.

Albert shook his head. Stop staring, you idiot, he told himself. "I'm pleased to meet you, Jane. It is difficult to believe that classes start in a week. There is a lot to do."

Jane smiled at him brightly. "That's why I'm here professor; to do what you want me to." She ran her tongue over her bright red lips as she finished.

Albert looked at her closely. Was there a double meaning there? He shook his head. Get your head out of her crotch, you fool. She's a student here at this university. You do not need to let your imagination run wild.

Before the week was out it was "Albert" and "Jane." Jane proved to be an invaluable assistant. She had worked as a student assistant for another professor the year before and knew the ropes.

The only problem was the smallness of the office. The two of them were forever bumping into each other as they worked. The files were next to Albert's desk and Jane's body seemed to be in contact with his every time she pulled out a drawer to the three drawer cabinet. 

Albert found himself pressing up against her when he leaned over her shoulder to look at whatever it was she was preparing for him; a seating chart, a draft of the first chapter of his new book, a preliminary draft of a paper he was writing.

There began to develop a certain amount of sexual tension. It became clear that Jane did not like to wear undergarments. And the sheath-like dresses she wore seemed to cling to her body when she was close to him, outlining her nubile breasts and mound of Venus.

Albert found himself with a more or less perpetual hardon when Jane was in the office. Things came to a head late one Thursday afternoon. Albert swung around in his desk chair just as Jane was walking past him to the file cabinets.

Accidentally or deliberately, she began to fall and Albert reached for her automatically. She landed in his lap. Her voice tinkled with laughter as she smiled up at him; one arm around his neck.

"Well, professor. You have me now. Do you plan to ravish me right here or carry me to your cave?"

As she finished speaking, she pressed her full, moist, lips to his. Her mouth opened and she ran her tongue over his lips.

Albert, horny as hell after months of celibacy, joined in the kiss fervently. He used the hand not resting on her waist to fondle her breasts through the cloth of her dress.

Jane sighed, pressing her breast against Albert's hand. What took him so long? She wondered. He is a good kisser and he sure likes to play with tits. Ummmm. I'm getting turned on. Time to turn up the heat.

Jane pulled her lips from his and rose from his lap. Albert was about to apologize when Jane pushed the lock on the door.

"I think we need privacy while you ravish me, Albert. I don't want to be interrupted."

Albert's mouth fell open when Jane unbelted and unzipped his pants and pushed them aside. She reached into his shorts and pulled out his rigid cock.

"Nice." Jane said as she eyed his member. "I like it."

Albert was proud of his eight inches of manhood and delighted at the way Jane responded upon seeing it.

Jane reached down to the hem of her dress and pulled it over her head. Straddling Albert, she rubbed the head of his cock back and forth across her outer labia, already dripping her juices.

Albert, after the first shock of what was happening had passed, put his mouth to one of her tits, massaging the other with one hand while his other hand caressed her back.

Jane closed her eyes as she lowered herself slowly; enveloping his cock with her hot, moist, slippery pussy. "That hand on my back could be put to better use Albert, like rubbing my clit." She told him as she moved up and down on his throbbing rod.

Albert moved his hand quickly and was soon rubbing her clit with his thumb as he licked and sucked at her tits. His cock was jerking and throbbing inside the grasping maw of Jane's tight pussy. He was breathing hard and knew he would cum soon.

Jane's breath was coming fast and hard also. "Hang on, Albert. I'm almost there," she panted as she lifted her pussy, sucking, massaging, squeezing his raging cock.

When she lowered herself the next time she pressed hard against his body, her pussy vibrating, trembling, grasping at his jerking cock. "Ohhhhh. That's It, Albert. Fill me up. I'm cumming. Now. Aghhhhhhhh."

Albert's control disappeared and his cock erupted, spilling his load into her quaking pussy. He had not had such a satisfying fuck for years. His entire body was shaking as his cock kept unloading into her.

Jane lowered her head and kissed his neck and his cheek, murmering to him softly. "That was wonderful. I loved having you shoot inside me."

Albert's cock began to shrink. Jane's eyes popped open. "No you don't." She said. "We're not through yet Albert."

Jane kissed Albert as she used her tight pussy to manipulate his cock, alternately squeezing and releasing it, she soon has him erect again. "Ah. That feels so good." She said as she lifted and lowered herself slowly, caressing, massaging, loving his once-again erect pole.

Albert was thrilled. He had not cum twice in one session since his honeymoon. He licked his lips, and then fastened his mouth to Jane's tits, loving the feel of these youthful breasts in his mouth.

Jane closed her eyes as she fucked Albert, loving his ready acquiescence to her being in control. She loved sex and especially when she was running the show. 

"Ummmm. That feels so good." She whispered in his ear. "I love having your mouth on me. I want this one to last. Your cock feels so good inside of me; so hard, so full of life."

Albert's mind was blown away by the events that were unfolding. He had never been seduced before and it was a nice feeling to just let Jane take charge. Her hot, wet, soft, tight pussy around his cock was the most wonderful thing he had felt for years. His body began to shudder as another climax began to build.

Jane licked and kissed his ear, murmuring to him. "I'm almost there baby. Almost. Hold it a little longer. Mommy wants a little more of your cock before you shoot off."

Albert used all his self control to keep from unloading. He felt loved to be called baby, soothed by her tender motherly voice.

"Now, baby." Jane told him, her voice cracking, hoarse with the sexual feelings that filled her body. Her pussy throbbed around his shaking cock as she pressed herself down against him.

She closed her eyes, loving the way his cock shook and then exploded, filling her with his hot load. Her pussy grasped and released his cock spasmodically as her own orgasm shook her body.

A low moan of animal pleasure escaped Jane's mouth as she climaxed. Her body became rigid, and then shook, then slowly, very slowly, her body slowed its movement until she was still in Albert's arms.

Albert held her to him tightly as they both shook through their second climax. When their bodies finished their sexual dance, Jane pulled some tissues from the box on Albert's desk.

She shoved them against her crotch as she lifted herself off Albert's now flaccid cock. "Don't want to make a mess of your pants, sweetie." She told him. She pulled her dress over her head and gave him a quick kiss as she unlocked the door and left the office. "Be right back lover."

Albert wiped his cock and wrapped some tissues around it to keep from filling his shorts with aftercum. He was still shaking a little from the unexpectedness of what had happened.

He licked his lips, replaying every moment of the past thirty minutes. God. She is so damned sexual, he thought. I hope this was not a one shot event.

When Jane returned his fears were allayed. She sat on his lap and kissed him, a long, passionate, sexually-charged kiss. "That was wonderful." She told him when she had pulled her lips from his.

Albert caressed her body with his hands, kissed her on the neck and cheek, telling her. "Wonderful does not begin to tell how I felt and feel." He buried his face between her breasts. "I can't get enough of you."

Jane ran her hands over his head, massaging and scratching his scalp with her fingers and nails. "There's more to me to love, baby. More for you to get into your mouth."

Albert's cock stirred at her words. Did she mean she was agreeable to pussy licking? He hoped so. One of the major bones of contention between him and his wife was her refusal to let him eat her out.

She called it disgusting and absolutely refused to let him tongue her pussy.

Albert licked his lips and lifted his head from her breasts , looking at he face, he told her. "I'm a great one to explore, Janie."

Jane hugged him, planted a lingering kiss on his lips, and rolled her hips suggestively, rubbing her pussy against his crotch.

"Here's to explorations." She told him, handing him a key with a tag with her phone number and address attached on a tag. "Call me when you are in an exploring mood."

There was no class for Albert on Friday, who was on a Tuesday/Thursday schedule, which allowed him to spend concentrated time on his book.

By Saturday Albert was horny and hungry for pussy. He called Jane and was excited to hear her voice.

Albert's voice was trembling when he asked Jane if he could come by. "Of course. I'm so glad you called." She told him. "Use your key. I'll be in my bedroom. It's to the right when you come in."

With shaking fingers, Albert unlocked the door to Jane's apartment. He turned to the right in the small one bedroom apartment and found himself in her bedroom almost immediately.

Jane was sitting at her vanity and stood up when he entered. A short robe and tiny bikini panties covered her body. The robe was translucent and Albert had a clear view of her full, firm breasts.

Jane held out her arms in welcome and pressed her lips and body against his. She ground her crotch against his hardon as she probed his mouth with her tongue.

Albert's hands were all over her; caressing her tits, and her back, pulling at her ass t get her crotch closer to his.

Jane pulled her mouth from his and kissed his neck, resting her head on his shoulder she cooed to him. "Baby is eager and mommy has just the thing he wants." She helped him undress and lay on her back on the bed, her thighs open.

Albert lay next to her, kissing her, letting his hands wander over her body, loving it with each touch of his fingers.

He pulled her robe off and lavished attention upon her up tilted breasts, sucking on them, licking the turgid nipples, now reddish brown and fully erect. 

One hand toyed with the tit not in his mouth and the other dipped between her legs, rubbing her crotch.

Jane arched her back, lifting her hips, pressing her crotch against his probing finger. 

Albert ran his finger under her panties, rubbing, loving her outer labia. Moving his finger upward, he opened her inner labia and then rubbed a finger over her erect clit slowly and gently.

Jane held his mouth to her breasts as she took in and released deep breaths. She loved he slow, gentle way Albert was making love to her. She pressed her pussy against his hand, opening her thighs wider.

Albert inserted a finger into her pussy as he rubbed her clit. It was exciting to feel her pussy grab at his finger, pull on it, release it as he finger fucked her.

"I'm going to make it soon, lover." Jane told him. "Yessss. That's it. Slower, solfter." She licked her lips as she began to climax, her pussy grabbing and releasing his finger. "Do it! Aghhhhhh. Ohhhhh God. Hold it there."

Albert stilled his fingers as she finished her orgasm. She kissed him fiercely, driving her tongue in and out of his mouth as she pressed her crotch against his hand.

Albert was almost as excited as Jane. He loved to make love, slowly, gently, with great attention to detail. He liked to please his sexual partner and his wife's indifference to the subtlety of the sexual act repelled him.

Pushing her panties down her legs, Albert began a slow, meandering licking and tonguing of Jane's body. He licked and sucked at her tummy, running his tongue around her navel, which brought squeals of delight from Jane. "It feels as if your tongue is in my pussy." She told him.

Albert inserted a pillow under Jane's ass and crawled between her thighs. He was now where he loved being. He loved to fuck and to get a blow job, but his real passion was reserved for pussy eating.

Jane looked down at Albert as he positioned himself between her thighs. She stifled a giggle as she watched him. Then she licked her lips, her body tingling, goosebumps rising on her tits. He is drooling! My God. He is actually drooling. Oh. This is going to be some experience. She closed her eyes in anticipation.

She did not have long to wait. Albert kissed and licked at the crease separating her pussy from her thighs and then the tender skin of her inner thighs. He loved the soft yet firm flesh of her nubile body.

Lifting his head, he looked lovingly at her pussy lips, so full of her red blood, bloated from the sexual tension that filled her body.

Gently he kissed her outer pussy lips, and then opened his mouth and pulled them inside. A rush of sexual pleasure filled his body as he felt the soft, rubbery, engorged lips in his mouth.

Jane's body shuddered when she felt his mouth take her pussy lips inside. She squirmed on the bed as waves of pleasure filled her. Her fingers touched his scalp gently as she murmured. "That's so nice, baby. So nice to feel you lick and suck on mommy."

Albert was thrilled to hear Jane's encouraging voice. Emboldened, he licked between her fat lips, pressing his tongue into her greedy channel. His face shoved as far as he could get it between her open thighs, he tongue fucked her pussy, his nose rubbing up and down her slit and clit.

Jane gasped as Albert's tongue and nose sent thrill after thrill of sexual delight coursing over her body. A little cum came from her loins, and then she grabbed his head from behind and pulled his face to her crotch forcefully. Her thighs were clamped against his cheeks.

Her voice raspy, hoarse, full of sexuality, she groaned. "Yesss. Get your tongue into me. Fuck my pussy with your tongue. Rub your nose on my clit. I'm cumming. Aghhhhhhhh." She humped Albert's face, her hips rising and falling as she orgasmed.

Albert was thrilled. He cupped her asscheeks with his hands as he tongued her pussy. He was so excited by the way she was talking to him he almost shot off rubbing his cock against the sheets. It mattered not that he could hardly breathe. Her pussy in his mouth was all that mattered.

When her body stopped trembling Jane released his head from her grasp and loosened her thighs. "Whew, Albert. That was wonderful. Do you have an encore?"

Albert grinned up at her, his face covered with her cum. He lowered his head again and put his mouth to her cunt, sucking and licking her cum from her pussy.

Jane licked her lips as she watched him under hooded eyes. She was elated at the way he was cleaning her pussy, sending little tingles of sexual pleasure over her body as he tongued and sucked at her sex.

Albert now turned his attention to her clit. He licked up through her outer and inner labia until he found her erect nub. Softly, gently, he licked and sucked at her clit until she was moaning with sexual pleasure.

When he sensed she was about to climax, he put his mouth around her clit and sucked in and out of his mouth, rubbing it with his lips. As he did this he licked at the very tip with soft, gentle licks of his tongue.

Jane's entire body began to write on the bed. Her head jerked back and forth and her hips lifted and fell rhythmically, fucking Albert's mouth. Quiet moans of pure sexual pleasure came from her mouth as she climaxed. 

She released his head from her thighs and grasping hands as her body slowed its sexual dance. She caressed Albert's head, cooing to him how much she loved the way he was pleasuring her.

Albert returned to his task and soon Jane was again soaring through the clouds of sexual ecstasy. Albert stayed between her thighs most of the afternoon. From time to time Jane would mount him, giving him a fuck to die for.

When night fell they sent out for pizzas and when their stomachs were settled Albert returned to her pussy. Jane had to almost force him to leave. She was exhausted and excited. She had not dreamed in her wildest dreams that she would meet a man who could satisfy her as did Albert. 

She hugged herself as she dropped off to sleep, knowing that this was but the beginning of many more sexual times with Albert.

Albert was in a daze when he drove to his apartment. He replayed the events of the afternoon and evening over and over again in his mind. He almost turned back but realized Jane meant it when she said she needed rest.

The two made mad passionate love every weekend. Jane insisted that Albert and she tend to their respective responsibilities during the week. They both put in long hours; Jane on her school work and Albert on his book and teaching.

At the end of the year Jane found herself at the top of her class scholastically and Albert had finished his book. A very satisfying year for both of them, individually and together as a couple.