 "Just finishing up boss; I'll go as soon as your guest has properly arrived." I didn't know what 'properly arrived' meant but I appreciated the consideration. Finally my patience runs out, I couldn't think of a good reason not to meet Mel in the front office. I don't meet anyone in the front office; all clients must pass muster with my staff before they are allowed to see me. But this is Mel! Even that thought unnerves me. Where is this leading me? Mel steps in from the street just as I open my office door and in an instant the question doesn't matter. My smile is hurting my cheeks and my palms are sweating like a teenager's. 

Gwen smiles with something between pleasure and conspiracy. She's going to have some tale to tell in the morning. I don't doubt I'll get some questions, which I might not answer right away. After Gwen finishes gathering her things she approaches the door. I take the opportunity to introduce her to my new friend. "Mel, this is Gwen, she researches new clients and now waits well after quitting time to make sure you arrive safely."

Gwen's hand rises, this is the work place and handshakes are common. Mel ignores the hand and wraps, my very startled, employee in her arms. "I'm so very pleased that Ken has someone like you to look after him at work."

Gwen's hands are slow rising to the hug she didn't expect. "I get the impression you are planning to look after him outside of work. If so we need to stay connected." Her hands finally find the strength to return the hug. Mel's smile says it all. Gwen's parting remark is short.. "Ken, get Mel out of here, this place smells of work."

"I think you are absolutely right!" Taking Mel's hand I lead her out the door leaving Gwen to lock up.

"Uhm; I'll need some of my things tonight, should we shift my bags to your car?" Mel hesitates.

"My car is safe where it is, but your car would be gone by morning if we left it here. Besides I don't want to waste our time moving baggage around." My arm is around Mel's waist as I guide her to the passenger door. Without asking she passes me the keys and seats herself as I hold the door. I bend down for a kiss before I close the door and hear Gwen behind us. 'Get a room already.' I make short work of getting home in spite of Mel's wandering hands. "You could cause an accident doing that."

Her hand closes on my erection and she smiles. "What kind of accident?"

"Either one or both; we'd best take this inside, even if this car is big enough, I'm not 20 anymore." I open my door with every intention of stepping around and holding Mel's door for her. Before I'm standing Mel is at my side with a smile on her face. "Excited are we?"

"A little; there's so much that is suddenly new and brightly coloured, when just this morning everything was old and gray. Show me your home, please." She takes my hand and leads. 

"Who's doing the showing?" I step up to her side, I don't need to lead but I can't be demonstrative and follow.

"I'm sorry, I'm just excited. I want it all to happen at once." Mel squeezes my hand and waits for my lead.

As soon as we start again we stumble. We take the stairs from the garage to the main level together but the door isn't wide enough for us to enter side by side. We collide. I step back to allow Mel to enter first, but she does the same and I move forward just as she does and we collide again. "We need to stop meeting like this. My shoulders are getting bruised." With a gesture I offer Mel the lead and finally, safely we enter the house. "The way things are going, maybe we should take out insurance?"

"I'll be gentle and I'll kiss all your bruises." Her smile warms me. Mel turns slowly to survey the house.

"From here you can see the Kitchen and the hallway. The front entry is to your left and." Mel interrupts at this point.

"Where're the Master bedroom and the Lieu? I don't mean to put you to work but could you get my bags?" Her smile softens the requests.

Taking her elbow I direct our path down the hallway and indicate the facilities before I retreat to recover the needed luggage. I'm not long in my quest, maybe 5 minutes. I enter the bedroom with 2 of the 5 or so bags in the car and drop them. There is a centerpiece on my bed, Mel naked!

"I can see the house later, right now I would like to tour something else. Come here." Her index finger mimics the motion to follow the words.

I step past the discarded luggage, leaving the door open to stand at the side of the bed. "What tour did you have in mind?"

"Oh, it's a self guided tour, with bonus features." The smile on her face is that of an Imp. Her hands reach for my belt and in short order I'm well on my way to being in the same state as Mel. "See, I knew exactly how to find Him." I didn't have to look down to know who Him is. I can't believe the glitter in Mel's eyes as she lowers her head and plants a kiss right on the top of Him's head. "You made me feel so incredibly beautiful and so wonderfully appreciated this afternoon, I don't know what I can do to repay you."

"There was never a question of repayment from you." I caress her hair, then her breasts and explore her back and buttocks; because I don't want to interfere with what her mouth is doing. 

"More." Now I'm getting instructions from Mel? My hands slow in their exploration. My fingers are firmer and I pay more attention to the sounds coming from my new friend. Mel's explorations are more focused than mine and she's using her mouth as well as her hands.

"I'm at a disadvantage here. I can reach your breasts and your ass, but I can't reach the rest of you." My hands are still kneading Mel's fine ass, but my frustration is showing.

She giggles and the vibration telegraphs to my cock, which is deep in her throat. Mel lifts her head enough to just kiss the head of Him. "Suffer; I was at your mercy this afternoon. Now it's my turn." With that she lowers her mouth over me and sucks Him deep inside.

I can feel the heat rising. "If you keep this up I won't last very long."

"If I wanted you to last I wouldn't be doing this. You can last longer next time." If it is possible she seems to suck even harder.

"If you consider this started out as coercion, I'm not doing very well. Could you explain what I'm doing wrong?" Mel seems to have outdone me; she may have some advice. I'm never averse to learning.

"Ymmm mmght thhhh." Your first lesson in diction with your mouth full. 

"We'll talk later." I have to find Patience; although I've never met her let alone known her. 

I can feel my balls tightening and my cock swell. "I'm going to come very soon." I want to warn Mel, not being certain of her intentions. My warning only brings on more intense sucking and deeper thrusts; so "here it is." I think my first explosion went straight down her throat, but the second and third Mel caught in her mouth swallowed, after tasting.

Mel invites me into my bed after licking me clean. Smiling like the Cheshire cat that got all the cream, she comments. "You tasted like I hoped, now if you fuck like I hope..." She lets this drag out with anticipation.

"You just deflated Him and now you want to know if I can fuck?" My ego is deflated. Mel thinks I'm going to fuck her like a teenager.

The confidence in her smile is reassuring. "Oh, I think I can re-inflate Him in a few minutes. But first I have something for you." Turning away from me she stretches for something on the floor beside the bed and I take advantage of her exposed derriere. My distraction doesn't go un-noticed, "I can't give you my gift while you're grabbing my ass."

"Right now grabbing your ass seems to be a priority!" I continue with my exploration.

"You can continue with what you're doing as long as you like, but I'd like to give you something first." Turning towards me she holds out a small ring with two keys attached.

I accept them with a puzzled look; I'm sure. I almost frown, then; realizing the question required. "What do these keys fit?"

"These." Mel holds up two pair of padded bracelets. "I saw these in a shop window a couple of months ago. I didn't know why; but I had to buy them. Now I know. You can't properly steal someone without these."

"So you mean to be properly stolen?"

"Yes."

"With these I'll make you my slave." Him has revived.

Holding her wrists together, between us, she smiles; "I hope so."