 Promotion day. I'd been waiting months for it. I'd been working at Crimson Inc. for about 4 1/2 years. It was nice, and I know most people would kill for my job, even though it wasn't even close to the one I deserved. I work as a lower-class designer for Mr. Smith's company. The pay is alright, 50k or so a year, but Mr. Smith gets up to half a million every year or so. His assistant got a hell of a pay check too. 80 thousand dollars a year.

I was smarter than that air-head of an assistant Mr. Smith hired earlier this year. I mean for God's sakes, the girl couldn't even get his coffee order right, let alone get his appointments settled. Everyone in the office knew the only reason he kept her was because they were secretly fucking. Though, it wasn't such a secret anymore. Once Mr. Smith had even left his intercom on, so everyone in the office heard them going at it.

I mean, Hillary was no older than 20, and Mr. Smith was almost 50 now. But the thing that bothered me the most, was that I never got what I deserved. I knew his coffee order by heart, and I rarely went into his office! So as you can imagine, I was excited about Promotion day, like everyone else. Mr. Smith stood before all of his employee's, taping a piece of paper to his office door. "The list of promotions has been posted. Have a good weekend everyone." He called out, then quickly hurried into his office with (Who else?) Hillary. Giggling could be heard from inside, but no one gave a damn with such important news just sitting on the door.

I was so excited. Surely Mr. Smith would have me as a top designer after that project I landed with the Hoshimaru's. My eyes quickly scanned the Promotion List, butterflies swarming my stomach. Where was my name? I looked under S, over and over. Well, maybe it was First name, Last name for a change. I checked under A. I could feel the blood from my face disappearing, turning me a pale white. I wasn't on the list. 

I was about to let out a blood curdling scream, but I figured now was not the time. I sat down in my cubical and silently scribbled designs on a few of my sticky notes. Before I knew it, it was 6 pm. Time to go home for the weekend, but I guess everyone had already gone home. I didn't have any friends at my work, so no one bothered to remind me. My blood seemed to boil in my veins, my anger returning. How could he not promote me?

I sat in my chair and silently waited until finally, I saw Mr. Smith open the door and gently lead Hillary out, buttoning his pants. As soon as the blonde assistant left, and my boss had returned to his office, I stormed inside and threw the promotion paper on his desk. "How dare you do this to me, Frank!" I screamed, angrily. "I've worked here 4 and a half years, and you give the promotion and assistant job to some 19-year-old whore you found?" I continued, my voice rising even more. I was tired of Mr. Smith's bullshit.

Strangely enough, he only smiled. "Ah yes, Annabelle Sylena. You didn't make my list this year. Better luck next time..." He laughed coldly, quietly returning to browsing through his files. I felt my face grow a fiery red, and I angrily tossed the files he had been going through on the ground. 

"No!" I screamed, horribly upset. "You will give this promotion to me, and I will be your assistant!" I added, until tears formed in my eyes. The stress level I'd been carrying was so high, I just broke down. Tears spilled from my eyes as fast as Hillary spilled Mr. Smith's coffee.(Which was pretty damn fast, mind you.) He stood and gently wrapped his arm around me, smirking.

"There there, Annabelle. Maybe we can work something out about you being my assistant." He started, with a devilish grin. I could tell he had wanted me to break down and cry, and wanted me so desperate I would do anything to get the job. I was at that stage. He gently cupped my chin with his thumb and index finger, and planted a quick kiss on my forehead. 

I only blinked, then quietly sat down in one of the chairs in his office, only a few stray tears spilling from my emerald green eyes now. "W-what do I have to do, sir..?" I asked innocently, gently tugging on the ends of my skirt, a nervous habit I was never able to rid of. I bit my lip and looked up at my boss, who seemed to be grinning ear to ear.

"Why don't you come sit on my lap, honey?" Mr. Smith asked with a sly smile, and I could see the erection in his pants. I was about to say no, but I remembered how much the Assistant job paid and silently sat down on his lap. I squirmed a little, slightly uncomfortable, but said nothing. "Would you like to hear my proposition?" He asked me, gently rubbing my leg. I bit into my lip gently and nodded, I wanted this job more than anything.

Apparently this is the answer he wanted to hear. "Well...if you want to be my assistant, you have to show me how badly you want to work for me." He smiled, sliding his hand up my inner thigh, questioningly. I really didn't want him touching me, but I wanted the job more than my dignity, so I said nothing. "Good girl." He whispered to me, with a smile. "Now, maybe if you fuck me, I'll reconsider you as my assistant." He said, starting to massage my thigh.

"But what about Hillary..?" I asked, gathering up my shaky, innocent voice. "W-wont she get mad..? And isn't it her job?" I continued, biting my lip yet again. I don't know why I was so curious, but if it meant getting my dream job...

Mr. Smith only smiled, and kissed at my collarbone. "Hillary and I are through.." He assured me, starting to pull off my skirt. I wanted to protest, but my smart side, or perhaps it was my foolish side, was egging me on. I let him continue and slowly unbuttoned my shirt, tossing it onto the green carpet. "Mmmm...Such a good girl.." He said again, squeezing my full breasts through my bra. Soon, that was off as well. I was horribly nervous, and whimpered softly. 

He only smiled. "There there, precious. I wont hurt you, I promise." He whispered to me and gently lied me down on his desk. I swallowed hard, and said nothing as he slid off my skirt and my thong, but shuddered at the sudden loss of warmth. My boss chuckled and starting planting soft, gentle kissing down my body until he reached my neatly shaved cunt. I was only a little wet, but he decided to change that by licking and sucking at my pussy, and rubbing fiercely at my clit.

I only moaned. "Ohhh godd, sir.." It felt lovely to have his tongue buried so deep inside me. I must admit, I hadn't had my pussy licked in quite some time. Bucking my hips towards his face like a bitch in heat, I moaned and begged him to continue. He only shook his head and laughed, straightening up. I slowly leaned up and softly kissed him, feeling his tongue rub against my lower lip, which by now had started to bleed. He happily lapped at my crimson blood, as he lied me back down on his desk, pulling off his pants and underwear.

I swallowed hard as he positioned his hard cock at my entrance, then suddenly dove into my cave of wet, warm fantasies. "Ohhhh fuck, Annabelle.." He whispered and groaned, pulling in and out of me fast. I moaned in reply, lying helplessly beneath my horny boss, showing how badly I wanted that promotion. With each thrust there was a moan from him or me. He tenderly sucked at my nipple, tweaking it with his tongue. I groaned and begged for him to continue, harder and faster. To my enjoyment, he did until he got to the point that he was about to cum. 

"Now, take it like a good little slut." He whispered to me, and smiled in approval as I sat up on my knees in front of him as he stood now, my mouth open and ready to be covered in ropes of his hot, gooey cum. The first string of it hit my tongue, which surprised me a little. I sat up more, and gently began to lick at the tip of his cock as he stroked it harder and faster, wanting to feed me his seed. I lapped it up hungrily as it poured out over and over again, some of it landing on my cheeks, nose, but mostly my tongue. I licked my now white lips and smiled, swallowing Mr. Smith's cum like a good whore.

Now was the time that I started to suck. I'd forgotten how much I hated him, and how much I wanted to kill him. He tasted so wonderful, how could I remember? I mean, all I could think of was sucking his cock dry, even though he'd already cum. He groaned and moaned as I bobbed my head back and forth on his limp cock, then let out a pleased sigh as I stopped and returned to my standing position, pulling on my clothes.

He gently patted me on the head and let me clean my face up before leading me out of the office. He gently kissed me goodbye and whispered in my ear. "I'll see you on Monday, Assistant. And don't forget my coffee!" He said, as if he'd been saying it for years, like he should've. I smiled and nodded, returning his kiss. 

"Don't worry sir. I wont be...And would you like anything else on Monday?" I asked, anxious to get him everything he needed.

Mr. Smith laughed and nodded. "Yes, I think I'll need some more of that delicious slice of pussy pie.." He whispered, which made me grow as red as a cherry. 

"...Yes sir."