 I had been very clear in my Personals ad: "I'm not interested in penetration! But if you live in the Valley and won't mind me watching you jack off and come all over yourself while you watch me touch myself, leave me a message at 5991." 

I had never, ever placed an ad like this one. I had been thinking about doing it for years and then, one day out of the blue, I found myself phoning into a hook-up site I saw advertised on late night tv, setting up an account and placing this dirty, desperate, horny ad. I'd waited until my husband was deep asleep one night. 

I slipped downstairs and got comfortable in the reclining easy chair which we keep covered with sheepskin. The house was dark and quiet. I turned on the tv and kept the volume low, pulled a fleece throw over me, and reached around in the dark for the phone handset on the table next to me. 

I had already memorized the phone number and dialed it from memory. I felt like hanging up as soon as the line connected and I heard the sleazy canned music and the recorded voice welcoming me to "The Meet Market." Ugh, I thought, "What am I doing? Do I really want to see some stranger jacking off and coming all over himself? Do I really want someone to see ME at my most vulnerable? What if Mark ever found me out..." 

So many questions were running through my mind, but as soon as I realized that my panties were soaked just thinking about everything, I knew that I couldn't deny myself my curiosity anymore. I opened an account and started to record my ad. 

The first few attempts were awful, awful, awful! I was trying so hard to be quiet that you couldn't even hear what I was saying. By the fifth try, though, I realized that Mark was in a near coma upstairs and would never wake up. 

I raised my voice, stuck out my chest, and spoke slowly and clearly. "I'm not interested in penetration! But if...." I listened back to my whole message and could still hear a nervous shakiness in my voice. Perfect. I did not linger on the phone -- I hung up immediately after confirming the ad and pulled the fleece throw over me. 

Using my knuckles, I rubbed my sopping wet clit through my panties. With my other hand, I used the hard rubber buttons of the remote control to inflame my nipples poking up against my see-through nightie. The thought of watching a total stranger masturbate in front of me -- oh! 

I slid my panties off and felt the luxurious sheepskin cradle my ass. I closed my eyes, rubbed my clit with palm and ran my fingers in between my wet swollen lips. My nipples were both completely hard. I came so intensely that I thought I was going to pass out! The sheepskin was wet with my sweat and pussy juices. As my cunt pulsed and spasmed, I thought, "I can't wait til tomorrow..."

I woke up as if it were any other day. I made Mark breakfast and coffee, made sure I knew what he wanted for dinner and, when he was ready to leave, I saw him off at the front door. As he was leaving, I said, "Bye honey," and I pulled myself towards him. Instead of the usual peck on the cheek, I leaned into him, kissed him on the lips fully and parted my lips enough to signal my submission. 

"Mmmmm," he murmured, "Come here." He had one free hand and used it to cup my ass and mash my pelvis into his. He opened his mouth hungrily and our tongues and lips explored each other feverishly. He never said anything but I'm sure he must have been thinking, "What's gotten into her!?" Mark rubbed my ass in big hard circles, making me even hotter. We kissed deeper. His hand moved from my ass. He ran the back of his hand over my belly and hips. I ground into him, moaning. The whole time, all I could think of was watching another man stroke his cock for me. I was so excited and felt so dirty, so naughty. I sucked on Mark's tongue hungrily. 

All of sudden he pinched my left nipple so hard that it sucked all the air out of my lungs, "Aaaaaah...." I quietly gasped. "Mark, oh, Mark not so hard." 

He stared back at me with a playful but angry look, "Save it," he said, "You're making me late for work." He pinched my nipple even tighter. "Are you trying to make me late for work?" 

The electricity between us was undeniable. "No," I answered with my head down. "I don't want you to be late." 

Mark's hand reached down to my ass. He lifted up my nightie, grabbed the back of my panties in his fist, and pulled up hard, giving me a wedgie. He was pulling so hard on my panties that he almost pulled me off the ground. "You'd better be here when I get back from work," he hissed. He was treating me so roughly, so meanly. 

"I will!" I insisted. "I promise." 

He pecked me on the cheek and, just before he ducked out, he said, "Be good!"

I waited for 15 minutes after Mark left before I curled up on my recliner, sheepskin and all. I dialed the number, logged in, and couldn't believe my ears when robo-lady announced, "You have seven messages." Seven messages?! Before I'd even heard the end of the first voicemail, my pussy had once again soaked the sheepskin and my hands were stroking my slick pussy towards the first of many orgasms that day.

I sat in the food court at the table closest to the mall's public washrooms - just as I had arranged with Anthony, the first man to respond to my ad. I was sucking on an Orange Julius and I was wearing what he requested: a lace bra, a light blouse, a short skirt, long black boots and sheer pantyhose (no panties). He had asked that I make a slit in the crotch of my pantyhose. 

While I sat waiting for him, I could feel the seam in the crotch of my pantyhose rubbing against my vulva. I was already moist. We had described ourselves over the the phone and I was expecting to see a dark-haired, Italian man with salt and pepper hair walk towards me. I was about ten minutes late because there had been an unexpected traffic snarl that had delayed me. I immediately began to worry when I didn't see him there. 

"I blew it!" I thought. Or maybe he got cold feet. I sucked the dregs of my drink and continued to wait. I was ready to throw in the towel when I felt someone standing right behind me. I didn't turn around but I knew it was him. 

"It's about time," he whispered in my ear. "Don't turn around, just count to ten and then follow me. You are absolutely gorgeous, by the way. I can't wait to jack off for you." 

I immediately started to sweat. I thought, "This is it - there's no turning back." I felt my cheeks flush.

I gathered my things immediately and followed him. He was already ten feet ahead of me by the time I turned around. He was walking quickly. I only saw him from behind but wow -- he had a great looking ass in those jeans! 

I saw him duck into a private bathroom meant for 'families'. When I opened the door, the bathroom was pitch black. He pulled me into him and immediately we began necking like teenagers. I could tell he'd just had a shower -- he smelled so goooood and he was an amazing kisser. He pushed me up against the door and I heard him click the lock shut. My mouth froze open and he plowed his tongue deeper into me. 

I melted into him, weak in the knees. I let his hands wander and explore the most private parts of me. His rough-palmed hands pulled my ass cheeks apart while I sucked his tongue.

Anthony's cock was pressing against me. I let myself open up to him, inviting. He started lifting up my skirt and I broke away. I heard him laugh, "Hey you can't blame a guy for trying!" I laughed too and he breathed into my ear. "I'm more than happy to help you fulfill your fantasy and nothing more," he coaxed.

"Thanks, I appreciate that," I answered. 

I could smell the soapy scent of his neck. His hand reached up the wall behind me and turned on the light behind me. I saw his face for the first time. He asked, "Are you ready?" 

I didn't say anything. I half-sat, half-leaned against the counter and rubbed my nipples through my blouse. I got a good look at him. He was handsome! Definitely handsome. He had a five o'clock shadow and dark curly hair. He had dark hair and beautiful dark eyes. We couldn't help but smile at each other and I saw he had an endearing gap between his front teeth. 

"Don't start without me!" He said as he lowered the toilet cover so he could sit on it. He undid his belt buckle and I could tell he was already well on his way to a raging hard-on. He was hot. 

He rubbed his throbbing bulge through his jeans and stared at me in silence. All I could hear was the sound of fingers on fabric. He stopped smiling. The look on Anthony's face turned hard and cold and serious. All of a sudden I felt a rush of blood flood into my cheeks. 

He unzipped his jeans and lifted up his t-shirt. His stomach was covered with dark fuzzy hair. He pulled his jeans down off his ankles and left on his boxers. "Take off your skirt. I want to see your pantyhose," he demanded. 

I unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor. I kicked it off to the side and showed him the full length of my legs, wrapped in pantyhose, and my beautiful black boots. I knew he could easily see my wet pussy lips through the slit I'd made in the panthyhose. 

I rubbed my clit in tight, hard little circles through the rough but silky fabric of the hosiery. The seams were soaked, chaffing my sensitive skin.

He ran his fingers up and down his boxers, through which I clearly saw the outline of his cock. He and I stared at each other intently. I'd never felt so exposed. Anthony showed me the tip of his cock. It was beautiful, I immediately felt a rush to my pussy lips. 

"You like my cock?" He asked. He fished the rest of his cock out of his boxers and stroked and teased the length of his shaft. 

"Mmmm... yes, I do," I quietly replied. 

"You like watching my hand rubbing my cock? Tell me what you like." He was staring right at my crotch, staring at the wet spot forming in the seam rubbing against my pussy and my fingers. The last thing I wanted to do was talk but I could tell he was turned on by the sound of my voice. 

"Uhnnnn," I groaned, "I like how thick your cock is. I like how hairy you are. I like how wet you're making me." 

He closed his eyes for a moment and his cock twitched and spasmed; he had to stop stroking in order to keep from coming. "You wanna see me come?" 

Now it was my turn to show some self-control. I nodded but said nothing. 

"You wanna see me come? Up close?" He marched over, making sure I could see him jacking off his cock. "I want to see how wet you are. Show me how wet you are." He was right up against me now, pushing into my nipples with his chest, moving my knees apart with his hips and thighs. His boxers hit the floor. 

"Move your hand out of the way," he said. "Close your eyes. Close them tight. Open your mouth. Open your legs. Wider. Now move your hand out of the way. I want to feel how wet you are..." 

He brushed his mouth right up against my ear and placed both of his hands all over my breasts, pinching my nipples through the fabric of my blouse and bra. He wasn't just pinching though, he was twisting and rubbing and pulling, making the fabric from my bra scratch into my nipples. 

"OH!" I gasped -- my biggest weakness is having my nipples pinched. I felt a jolt of electricity race between my nipples and my pussy.

"Sorry, am I pinching you too hard?" He asked, concerned. 

I nodded an emphatic yes, my eyes shut tight. 

"Too bad," he hissed, and squeezed even harder. 

A rush of hot liquid spurted out of me. I felt it drizzle over my busy hand, down my leg, through my pantyhose. 

"Yeaaaah, yeah," he said. "You like that, don't you?" 

I nodded yes again. My free hand was resting against his bare hairy chest, under his t-shirt. He leaned into me, moved his cock right up against the back of my hand. I could feel him grind into me, cock, balls, sticky wet pubic hair. 

My mouth, fully open, let out a whimpering low moan. He rammed his tongue into my mouth and I instinctively made a tight O with my lips and cheeks. His tongue fucked the wet hole of my mouth. 

"Uhns" and "ohhhhhs" flowed out of me freely.

"Let me feel how wet you are..." he again whispered. 

I stopped masturbating and pulled wide the slit in the pantyhose in order to make way for his hand which he was lowering down towards my pussy. I waited for his fingers to start massaging my slick pussy but instead I felt him rub the head of his cock against my swollen lips and clit. 

"NO!" I admonished as I opened my eyes.

He looked right at me and reassured me, "I'm not going to fuck you, I promise, I just want to see how wet you are, I promise. I just want to see, okay? You're so beautiful. Please let me just feel how wet you are." 

He kissed me tenderly, almost paternally, and eventually I relaxed and let my body soften. I opened my legs slightly and he moved in closer, his hips shifting and rocking. He moved both my arms up over his shoulders and I could feel his muscular shoulders and biceps. He pulled me in so tight that I couldn't lower my arms.

Anthony butted his cock head right up against my wet pussy lips, slipping and sliding his shaft against the wetness along the length of my sensitive folds. "I promise, I just want to see how wet you are, mmmm, so nice, so wet, mmmmm, you smell so good." 

It felt so good, hearing him say these things. 

"Oh, you are so wet, aren't you?" He used his thighs to open my legs wider. 

"No fucking, okay? Promise me," I begged him as I closed my eyes. 

He opened up my mouth with his lips, kissed me deeply for what seemed forever, and then said, "I promise not to fuck you." Now he was running more than just the head of his cock up and over my wet pussy and clit. I squirmed to pull away but couldn't lower my arms.

"I promise not to stick my cock inside of you." 

He reached down with his other hand and I heard him ripping my pantyhose a bigger hole. He pushed my legs apart with his hips and told me to hold still. "I just want to see how wet you are."

The more I squirmed, the more of Anthony's cock I could feel dipping into my wetness, rubbing against my swollen lips and clit. 

He wasn't whispering anymore. He raised his voice and it buzzed inside my ears: "I promise not to fuck you til I come inside and onto you. I promise I'm not going to fuck your precious pussy or make you come all over my cock, okay? I promise you -- NO fucking!" And right when he said "NO", he pulled me onto him and and rammed his cock repeatedly into my wetness; just a few inches at first and then, before I knew it, he was in deep, fucking me so hard and fast with his impossibly thick cock that I wanted to start crying. 

All I could muster were whines and moans. I tried pushing him away with my arms and hands, but he was unstoppable and unbelievably amazing. I willingly and shamefully released to his thrusts.

"Awww, I lied, didn't I?" He said as he fucked me, "I am so so so so sorry. Poor baby, will you ever forgive me? I totally lied to you, didn't I? I totally lied. You trusted me and I tricked you, didn't I? You asked me NOT to fuck you and now that's exactly what I'm doing -- oooooooh you're getting fucked by a total stranger, aren't you? Aren't you?" 

I nodded a quiet yes. I opened up my legs now willingly and held onto the counter while he worked his cock in and out of me expertly. 

"Do you even know my real name?" He asked me. I gasped, shocked once more at my recklessness. I found myself grinding into him, onto his cock, involuntarily.

All of a sudden his cock head found my g-spot and a look of panicked pleasure came over my face and I stopped breathing. All I said was, "Ohhhhh... ohhhh... ohhhh...." I couldn't hide my ecstasy and "Anthony" knew it. 

He groaned into my ear, "There you are. Yeah, there you are right there, huh? Right there, baby 'ohhh ohh ohhh' you dirty little freak. I know what you like. You wanted me to fuck you all along, didn't you? That was your plan, wasn't it?" 

I shook my head no but it was too late, he was fucking me right and he knew it. He fucked me so mmm mmm good. He put his hands under my ass and used my hips to absorb his hard and furious fucking and, before long, my pussy, my clit, my, his cock and balls were drenched in each other's juices. 

Anthony's stiff, thick cock kept rubbing against my hungry g-spot. His balls slammed up into and against my wet crack and made squeaking noises. I could tell the pantyhose were rubbing the bottom of his balls. He put his hands on my knees and lifted my legs up higher, pulling me towards him more, almost pulling me completely off the sink counter. This new position, or maybe it was his insatiable lust, made my slick, hot pussy tighten. He moved his hips in and out, side to side, up and down, in every direction possible, letting his thick cock drill into me. 

I whimpered like a whipped dog, his cock was rubbing into my engorged g-spot with every single sexy stroke. He pulled my ass cheeks up and apart every time he rammed his cock into me; it hurt but it felt so amazing, like our bodies were made for each other. 

I groaned and moaned with every aching stroke. He stiffened up and then it happened -- his come spurted out of him and all over my pussy, my lips, my pantyhose, my legs, and my boots. He let out a long and animal grunt and pulled out his cock and let the rest of his cum drip all over my thighs and pantyhose. I almost fainted.

He put a hand on the back of my neck and forced me to look down at myself while his cock dripped cum everywhere. Still dripping, he shoved his cock back inside me just in time to feel my cunt spasming uncontrollably. 

"Nice!" He gloated. "Mmmmmm.... Yeah, yeah, yeah! Just like that, huh? You like it just like that, don't you? Did you come for me? You like being fucked by me, don't you? Did your wet little cunt come for me?" 

He continued to taunt me while my cunt grabbed at his cock involuntarily. Once he knew my ride was over, he pulled out and kissed me deeply and wetly. 

We frenched for a long long time. I let him finger my wetness while I buried my face into his neck.

"You're a mess," he said as he pulled me off the counter. "You're a dirty filthy mess. Suck me off now and make it good." 

He sat back down on the toilet and I knelt before him, my cunt throbbing and pulsing and dripping like a leaky faucet. He held my head in both his hands and directed where he wanted my attention. 

I methodically sucked off his cock and balls with my mouth and lips and tongue while tears of shame and ecstasy rolled down my cheeks.

-------------------

I drove home in auto-pilot, my mind distracted by one undeniable thought: I had crossed the line. 

My wet pussy was throbbing. I looked a mess. I looked down at my bare legs and thought about my brand new pantyhose which were now ruined - covered with cum and rips - and now in the hands of a stranger.

After I had sucked off "Anthony" he made me take off my pantyhose and give them to him. 

He said, "I intend to jack off into these later while I think about you and the way you let me fuck you so easily. I'm going to leave you a voicemail and it's going to be the sound of me cumming all over your pretty little pantyhose. You can play with yourself while you listen to it." By the time I got home I was hornier than I'd ever been in my whole life.