 Part 2: Behavior Unbecoming an Officer

Kacy stepped forward. "Rick, you disappeared at the party. I tried your cell - no answer. I came here to see if you'd made it home okay."

"Bullshit, you ditched me!"

Kacy gestured Rick into the other room, and I of course eavesdropped.

"Rick, I saw you go into that bedroom with Angela Morris."

He was silent. The hickey on his neck condemned him.

"Look, I can't deal with your jealousy anymore," he responded angrily, searching for a way to put her on the defensive.

A moment of silence followed.

"Rick, please," Kacy said softly. "It was just a matter of time. Let's not make this any harder than it is."

Rick sighed. "Yeah. We were better off as friends."

Kacy cleared her throat, though it sounded almost like disguising a laugh. "No hard feelings?" she said soberly.

He hesitated a moment before responding. "Yeah, I guess. I'll see you around."

"Take care, Rick. And call me anytime you need help with calculus."

Kacy re-entered the kitchen, leaving Rick in the other room. "Well Major Pierson, I guess this is good-bye for now."

I smiled at her act for Rick's benefit. "Kacy, please, in my home call me Craig. And it's a small base, I'm sure we'll see each other around. Stop in and have some chamomile tea anytime."

She winked at me. "Thank you, Craig. I will. So long."

And with that Kacy Ramos walked out of the door and out of my life for the near future, and left in her place a bittersweet longing.

The days following were torture. Saturday and Sunday dragged on forever. I couldn't even enter my living room without getting instant wood, recalling what happened on that old sofa. Evenings found me at the sports bar or O club, just to have some company while I ate. But there was no way to escape the emptiness at the house. Though I wasn't sure it was a good idea for Kacy and I to see each other, I sorely missed her. Damn, I missed that girl!

The following week I threw myself totally into work. Though it was hellishly busy, I was grateful for the long hours of distraction. My boss Lt. Colonel Mueller was on a three week conference in Europe, so I had to do his job and mine, and answer directly to his boss Colonel Steele. I hadn't interacted with her much, but she was a good commander. I had a meeting with her that Friday afternoon.

After we'd concluded our business, the work day was nearly over. Col. Steele took the time to chat a bit with me. She learned of my divorce and my trouble with Rick. She spoke of her divorce and remarriage, and empathized with me on the difficulties of raising teenagers. She had a comfortable way of speaking, and was not an unattractive woman. We had a real rapport going. Then the conversation turned a bit.

"Craig, I get the feeling you're a bit distracted lately."

I froze. I thought of Kacy constantly, my inner conflict yet unresolved. Was it that noticeable? "Ma'am, has my work been suffering?"

"No, no, nothing like that. I just want you to know that if you or anyone else who works for me has a problem, I'm available to discuss it."

I sighed and smiled in relief. "Thank you, Ma'am, but it's just woman troubles."

"Oh?" She gave me a sly smile. "Women are difficult creatures sometimes. But I may be able to give you some insight."

"Well," I paused, searching for the right way to simplify things. "It's not a big deal really. There's a woman -- a civilian - I really enjoy spending time with, but she's got a lot going on. She's going to school and just broke up with her boyfriend. So I just want to wait a little while before we pursue a relationship."

"Ah, that's prudent. You certainly don't want to be the rebound guy, do you?"

I laughed, "No, I don't."

Just then someone knocked on the door, and Col. Steele called them in.

"Hi, Mom, are you busy?"

My stomach lurched to the floor. I knew that voice only too well. I turned in my chair, praying I wouldn't see her, but there she was -- Kacy Ramos, my Kacy. She looked at me and her cheeks flushed pink -- not unlike what happened when she was aroused.

"Come in, darling, Major Pierson was just leaving."

She entered, looking sexy in jeans and a sweater. How I wanted her.

"Hi, Major Pierson," she said softly, surprise in her voice. "How are you?"

Col. Steele looked at me strangely, and I felt a wave of nausea. "You know each other?"

I nearly blurted out that Kacy was dating Rick, but that would have hit too close to my sob story. So I said, "Kacy was tutoring my son for a while. Really turned his grades around. You have a very smart daughter, Ma'am."

She beamed with pride. "Thank you, Major."

Determined not to make a fool of myself, I shut my mouth and beat a hasty retreat from the office. A million questions flew through my mind, and for once in my life I did thank god it was Friday.

Back at my desk, a few urgent e-mails awaited my reply, so rather than getting home like I wanted, I was forced to hang back to finish work. Being Friday, most of the staff had gone home around 4, and it was well after 5. Kacy had to pass my office to leave the building, and I prayed I'd finish before she did.

My brain buzzed with questions - every misgiving I had came back with a vengeance. As though I needed yet another huge reason to run like mad from this girl! Had Kacy known I worked for her mother? Maybe there was bad blood between them. Was she using me for revenge? Or was she trying to set me up for a scandal? The thought was horrifying. I needed to get home, to my sanctuary, away from the office, and just think.

I hastily hit send on my last reply, logged off my computer, and grabbed my coat and hat. Just then, my office door flew open, sending my heart into my throat. Kacy ducked into my office, closing the door behind her and turning the deadbolt. Shit... I couldn't think straight with her around.

"Kacy..." I didn't know where to start. She held up her hands.

"Craig, I swear, I didn't know you worked for her." Her eyes pleaded with me. I nearly melted, but quickly recalled my anger.

"Why the hell do you have different names?" I demanded.

"Mom kept her maiden name for career purposes. Everyone knows the name Steele. I have my dad's name Ramos." She looked appropriately dismayed at the situation. 

I took a deep breath, rubbed my temples, trying to make sense of this. Was this relationship prohibited by UCMJ? True, Kacy was an adult, but the rules governing military members were quite different than those governing civilians. Her mother could easily make my life hell. Did I want to risk it? Madly enough, I wanted to say the hell with the consequences. I wanted to break out and follow my heart's desire so badly... I simply didn't know how.

My gut twisted into knots, but I forced the words out, "We shouldn't see each other anymore."

Her eyes flew up to meet mine, and I believe she saw the indecision in my eyes. "But we're both adults, Craig. I'm a civilian. What's the worst that could happen?"

I shook my head and shrugged. I didn't know the answer.

She continued in a small voice, "Is this your way of telling me you're not interested?"

"No!" I fairly shouted, startling her and me. "No, I want you in my life - more than anything. But it's not prudent, Kacy. It may not be illegal, but it could be dangerous."

At that, she smiled that a mischievous smile and flicked off the lights. Now only the fading sunlight illuminated the room. Kacy pulled her sweater off over her head, revealing a sheer pink bra. I hardened instantly.

"I like a little danger," she said, "don't you? That's what makes it fun." 

"Kacy, don't --"

Unclipping her bra and dropping it to the floor, she advanced on me like a tigress stalking her prey. I stood in front of my desk, powerless to move. Her fingers deftly unfastened her jeans, and they slid down her hips to the floor. She stepped out of them and walked behind me to the end of my desk, then proceeded to climb on top of it. A centerfold could not have looked any sexier cat-crawling across my desk in only her panties. She sat in the center and placed her feet on my chair.

"Come here, Major," she purred over her shoulder.

"Kacy, this is insane!" I whispered fiercely, even as I walked towards her. "Your mother...! What if someone hears?" 

Perhaps if I hadn't been picturing her just like this all week long, it would have been easier to resist her. Or not. It didn't matter -- but it should have. My commander -- her mother -- was still in the building.

"If we're quiet, they'll think the office is empty."

I simply couldn't resist her. It had been a long week since I'd last touched her. She was my addiction, and I needed a fix. I came to stand between her smooth white thighs, her full breasts with taut pink nipples just inches from my chest. I could smell her arousal, and it turned me into a rutting beast.

I gripped the hair at the back of her head and forced her into me for a brutal kiss. She responded with such unrestrained passion, and I began to realize that she liked things a little rough. Her hands roamed over my shirt, but she didn't unbutton it. When I made a move to do so, she stopped me.

"No," she gasped, "Leave the uniform on,"

Seeing how hot and horny she was, I didn't want to lose momentum, so I left my uniform alone. Her legs wrapped around my waist, pressing my hard bulge against her wet panties. I was content to let her dry-hump me for a moment as I twisted her nipples. She moaned so loud I thought the whole building could hear, and I prayed to god that Col. Steele had already left for the day.

Forget this, we were both too hot to wait. I leaned back and felt Kacy's clit through her soaking wet panties. I hooked my hand inside those panties and jerked, tearing them clean off her and tossing them on the floor. I quickly dropped my pants, and drove my cock into her as I clamped a hand over her mouth,.

A wise precaution, that. Kacy cried out against my hand as her hips bucked against me, trying to take my cock deeper. Oh, that tremendous heat and exquisite tightness wrapped around me once again and it was like coming home. I pulled back and drove in hard, and that girl took it with gusto. She gripped the ends of my open belt like reins, pulling me in with every thrust.

I could feel my pulse throbbing through my whole body. I had to savor this moment. My commander's daughter was spread beneath me, in my office, on my desk, taking my hardcore fucking like a cock-hungry whore. Once again, the forbiddenness of the situation was like a narcotic, heightening the intensity, fueling the fire.

I pulled out, roughly flipping her over. She moaned, pleading, until I plunged my cock ferociously back into her. I gripped her shoulders, riding her hard doggie-style over my desk. I watched her soft round ass jiggle with every thrust. This girl was a treasure!

"Yeah, fuck me, Major," she whispered back at me.

It was like a porno fantasy come true: fucking a hot young woman on my work desk. I'd pictured her like this in my mind all week. Now I'd never sit at this desk again without vividly recalling this moment.

Kacy rocked her hips back against me, slapping our bodies together wetly. I thrust my cock deep into that hot little pussy, and she grunted in time with my thrusts.

Then I heard a door close down the hallway. I froze, holding Kacy still by her shoulders, impaled deeply on my throbbing dick. Mercifully, she was silent, but her hips twitched the tiniest bit to keep momentum. She wasn't ready to give up, interruption or not.

I heard footsteps come down the hallway toward my office. The footsteps passed by my door and paused for just a second. My heart hammered in my throat and my erection throbbed, as Kacy kept her rolling hip action going, a little harder now. 

As the footsteps shuffled around the hallway, Kacy's hips began to jerk and her breath came strained. Hot wet contractions squeezed my rock-hard cock, sending electric currents through my body, and I realized Kacy was silently climaxing.

I couldn't believe that she could stay so horny in the face of imminent discovery. Though I admit, the risk of getting caught was something of a turn-on. Fuck it, this was a challenge! I wanted to pump my load into her, and see if she could stay quiet. 

"Shhhh..." I whispered to her as I grasped her hips and began to pound her hard. She gulped deep breaths to maintain her silence, but pushed back with her round ass to meet my every thrust. The girl was insatiable. And all the while, she was orgasming.

Vaguely, I heard the footsteps retreat down the hallway. But all thought ceased as my own orgasm seized me, tearing through my body into Kacy's and back again like an electrical current. Suddenly the challenge was upon me to maintain my own silence in the grip of a bone-melting orgasm.

I'm sure the look on my face was laughable, frozen into a silent scream of absolute pleasure. I thought I might implode with the force of my restraint. I gripped Kacy hard, one arm around her waist, the other in a chokehold around her throat, holding her immobile as I slammed into her, pulsing jet after jet of hot creamy cum into her convulsing pussy.

As the final aftershocks coursed through my body, Kacy's knees buckled. Afraid I'd choked her into unconsciousness, I sat in my chair and pulled her with me, still impaled on my cock. She twisted sideways, draped her legs over the arm of the chair, sighed contentedly and snuggled into my arms. Eventually, my softening cock slipped from her sheath, and our combined juices trickled from her onto me. I was thankful the chair was leather.

We sat together like that until the last light was nearly gone from the sky. Kacy felt so good in my arms, I was reluctant to end this moment and return to reality. But the war that had raged within me now sounded like a distant battle. To hell with the consequences, I decided to let my heart lead me where it would.

"Would you like to have dinner with me tonight?" I murmured against her hair.

She tilted her head back to look in my eyes, surprise clearly written on her face.

Once the words started coming out, I couldn't stop them. "I've spent so much of my career and my life doing what's right, and doing what's expected of me. And doing that, I've passed up a lot of opportunities to be happy. I have feelings for you, Kacy, I can't deny that. And maybe it's not the smartest thing to do, but you are one opportunity I don't want to pass up."

"Wow..." she murmured, her eyes probing mine. I swear I could see my soul reflected in those green orbs. I kissed her with all the tenderness I felt for her in my heart. Tenderness soon gave way to lust, and I had to break the spell, or we'd never leave the office.

"So how about dinner?" I asked again.

She nodded with a smile, and murmured, "I'm starving!"

"Meet me at my house in an hour."

She dressed quickly, sparing only a glance for her panties lying torn on the carpet, and left my office. Though I knew it would only be an hour until I saw her, I was sad to see her go. I snatched her torn panties off the floor and brought them to my nose, inhaling the musky scent of her arousal before stuffing them in my pocket, knowing tonight would be something special.

To be continued...