 She opened the door and invited him into her hotel room. Emily and Jerome had been chat pals and phone lovers for over a year. Today they finally meet. He was handsome in an adorable way, well-built and nicely dressed. She was pleasant-looking, no one you would particularly notice on the street. He walked into the room, closing the door behind him. After a momentary nervous pause, he took the step closer to her and kissed her mouth. Her eyes closed and she lost herself in his feel and smell. Emily had driven across country to meet him, to be with him. Now she was.

They stood together kissing, holding each other, learning the feel of skin and curves. Soft and hard molded together, hands searched and found, hearts beat together. When the kiss ended, they were reluctant to part. He looked down at her, her sweet face, and was glad they were meeting. Jerome wasn't sure what he had expected. Perhaps a wilder-looking woman, one who would fulfill his fantasies. Emily looked like an older Donna Reed, every inch a lady. He would have to rein in his dreams and be content to spend an afternoon kissing and cuddling, which was all they had planned for today anyway.

They stood together, nearly behind the door, holding and kissing. He found her lips deliciously soft and moist. She lost herself in his kiss, feeling her entire being sinking into the now of being in Jerome's arms. Long minutes passed. Jerome looked up and saw the comfy couch, a little sitting area, just behind them. He walked Emily over to the couch, sitting down and pulling her close. She leaned against him, already feeling bereft of his mouth on hers. They continued kissing, Bodies together, her full breasts pressed to his chest, his hand moving slowly up and down her back. 

He was still dressed from the office in a dark suit, light blue shirt and somber tie. He slipped off his polished loafers as they kissed, wishing he didn't have so many layers of clothing between them. Emily was dressed in jeans and a light blouse, her bare feet small and pretty, her tiny toenails polished a bright pink. 

They would occasionally stop kissing to say something, ask something. But their lips kept returning, the need to taste each other was overwhelming. Her hair was short and soft, and Jerome ran his hands through it, loving the feel. Her eyes were a dark brown, deep and gentle, "bedroom eyes" they were called. Sometimes, they would stop kissing long enough to look into each other's eyes, smiling and pleased to be together. 

Jerome stretched out on the couch, taking Emily with him. Now she was atop him, her bare feet barely reaching his knees as they continued kissing and their hips began a dance of need. Her soft breasts were squashed between them, her hard nipples indenting his chest, even through his clothing. 

Finally, Emily pulled back and invited him to get comfortable. She scurried to the end of the couch and smiled as he removed his jacket and tie. He unbuttoned his shirt, revealing a patch of curly reddish-brown hair. She watched, licking her lips, as he rolled up his shirt sleeves, again exposing skin covered with fine copper hair. 

Jerome returned to the couch, smiling as Emily unabashedly scooted down to him, her mouth already seizing his. God, she could kiss! Her mouth molded to his, her tongue explored every bit of his lips and mouth. He felt her softly entering him, then shyly pulling back, only to probe deeply again. She licked his lips, tracing them, softly teasing the corners, making him moan slightly. He wasn't sure if an afternoon of kissing would be possible. He was already erect and dripping, wanting her badly.

Emily, again, was the one to pull back. "I think we might be more comfortable on the bed, it is roomier and there are lots of pillows. Would you care to join me?"

Jerome's cock answered for him, throbbing and bobbing. He smiled at her, taking her hand and following her past the arch, into the bedroom. She had lit candles, and the scent of cream filled the air. The radio on the nightstand was tuned to an oldies station and the song playing reminded him of his college days. They sat on the edge of the bed, hands touching, lips locking, and began again. She was still fully dressed and it appeared her plan was to remain that way. She pulled him back with her, lying stretched out beside him, now feeling his erection through his dress pants. Her hand slowly moved down his body, seeking his manhood, anxious to touch him. He rolled to his back, sighing, hoping her hand would continue its caress. He couldn't remember ever being so excited. Yet, she was a good girl and he didn't want to scare or offend her. She had asked for an afternoon of kissing, saying it was all she was prepared for, and he had promised.

He decided to allow her whatever she wanted, and to keep his word. There would always be another day and he didn't want to ruin his first time with her. Emily was kissing his neck, unbuttoning his shirt further. Her mouth moved down his chest, licking and leaving a damp trail. She pushed his shirt opened, finding his pale nipples and capturing one in her mouth. With the first pull, Jerome cried out. It was so incredibly sensual. Women didn't seem to know men had sensitive nipples and rarely spent time there. But Emily did. She was atop him, her mouth busily moving back and forth, sucking and nursing, enjoying the response she was creating. Then his shirt was opened and she helped him remove it, enjoying the freedom of touching him everywhere, feeling his smooth back, massaging his shoulders. 

She slid from him, lying again stretched out alongside his body, her heat warming him. Her fingers moved constantly, touching and learning. Jerome wondered once again if it were possible to just kiss this woman all afternoon and keep his promise.

Her fingers returned to his erection. She lightly traced him in his clothing, causing his cock to dance against her. Without Jerome even noticing, Emily had his fly opened and her little hand slid into his pants, capturing his throbbing dick. He looked down into her innocent face, and saw the look of satisfaction there. Her hand moved constantly. She certainly knew about cocks. He relaxed and closed his eyes, again vowing to make this experience exactly what she wanted. He felt her hot hand leave his cock, and then felt his pants and shorts being pulled down and off. Now, she was fully dressed and he was naked, with a massive erection, aching to be touched.

She moved down his body, her eyes only inches away from the throbbing cock. He ccould feel her hot breath, rapid and shallow. Looking up at him, she smiled. "Teach me, Jerome. Take my hand and show me the way to pleasure you, please?"

Jerome couldn't believe his ears. He looked into her sweet, very good-girl face and then saw her hand hovering above his dick, waiting for instruction. He pulled a few pillows under his head and reached down, circling the cock with his hand. He slowly massaged it as he had for years, his favored technique. She watched intently, then replaced his hand with hers. "Like this?" she asked. 

He almost couldn't talk, the pleasure was so overwhelming. He had never met a woman who cared if she massaged him correctly, so intent on his pleasure. With very little instruction, Emily was touching him exactly as he enjoyed. Her face remained near his center, her hands moved busily on his cock and balls. 

Jerome felt himself quickly reaching orgasm. He wasn't sure if this was something she wanted. He slipped his hand into her soft hair, called her name. She turned to him and smiled. "It is ok, I want you to come, I want to see it. Please, come for me, Jerome."

That was it. He erupted, spraying hot come all over her innocent hand and his tummy. She held him, massaged him, until the spasms stopped, then quietly went to the bathroom for a warm, wet cloth. Returning, she gently cleansed his cock and skin, kissing him as she worked.

Even her clothing excited him. The feel of her jeans on his naked thighs, her breasts covered in layers of fabric. She was a good girl, and he wanted to honor his promise. They snuggled together, kissing and holding, talking more now about the time they had known each other and what they wanted. Without him asking, she unsnapped her jeans and wriggled out of them. While kissing, he opened a button on her shirt and she didn't stop him. Slowly, he opened them all, inhaling her sweet scent. She wrapped her bare legs around his, bringing her very wet panties in contact with his thigh. She was moaning softly in her throat, rubbing against him, lost in the desire she felt.

Her hand moved once again to his cock, still softly asleep against his balls. He started to explain to her that he needed some time, when a miracle occurred. His cock stirred and came to life, throbbing to engorgement as she touched him. She smiled at him, kissing him lightly on the lips. "Would you like to fuck my mouth, Sir? I am hungry for your cock, I want to taste you. Actually, I need to taste you, and I would love for you to fuck my good-girl mouth. I am so ready for you." She slid further down in the bed, opening her lips, offering him her mouth to fill. And he did. He couldn't stop himself. It was so incredibly naughty to look down at her, and hear those words, hear her begging. His cock was stretched to capacity, and she was having trouble getting it all into her little mouth. But she was persistent. Her fingers massaged his balls and pulled him closer, intent on taking all of him.

Jerome's hips were swaying above her face. His cock was thrusting deeply down her willing mouth and his balls were tight and hard again. This was unbelievable. Hearing those words come from her mouth, her sweet innocent face, was indescribably naughty and erotic. Amazed, he felt ready to come again. He slowed his thrusts. Emily looked up at him, nearly frantic. 

"Jerome, I want to be fucked. I want to feel your thick cock inside me, your fat head probing me, opening me, using me. Would you fuck me, please?" She turned and quickly climbed up the bed, resting her head on the pillows, offering her panty-clad ass to him. She spread her legs, reaching down and pulling her panties to one side. He could see her face, hear her words, smell her excitement. He slid up behind her, grabbing her swaying hips and holding her in place. Her hand reached between her thighs, wrapping around his erection. She guided him quickly to her brown curlies, using the smooth, fat head to separate the curls and find the engorged slit. She held him very still and then thrust back against him, burying his cock deep inside her. She screamed with pleasure, turning her face into the pillows to muffle the sound.

Jerome probed her pink depths, quite sure he had never felt such silky heat in his entire life. They set up the perfect rhythm, in and out, up and down, deep then shallow. All the while, he could hear her, hear his sweet woman, muttering about his fat cock, his heat, his cock in her cunt, his cunt now. She said she loved the fat head, the way it probed her then popped out, only to fuck her again. He was inflamed with desire. Finally, he held still, feeling the need to explode overwhelming him. At that exact moment, she clenched her muscles, pulling him deeper, making the space tighter and hotter. That was it. He came. He held her hips tightly and filled her with come, throbbing inside her until he couldn't remain there any longer. 

She collapsed on the bed and he crawled up to her, cradling her against his shoulder and side. They kissed again. Once more, she looked like his sweet angel, her hair softly tousled, her lips puffy and pink. 

So much for promises.

THE END....