 Author's note: I'm a longtime reader of Literotica, but this is my first submission. It's based on an elaborate fantasy I have about the actor Chris Pratt, particularly his character in Jurassic World. I suggest you imagine him in the lead role. Enjoy!

-----

"And you're telling me this now?" Marshall Hughes barked into the phone. "When did you get this information?" He paused for a moment, then replied, "Fine, we'll get her into a safe house right away." 

He motioned to Donna. "We just got some new information. We think Dragos may have found out you're the witness, which means you're in danger. We need to get you to a safe house immediately. You have five minutes to pack a bag." 

She stared at him, a feeling of anxiety and dread washing over her. "Five minutes?" she asked in surprise.

"Patterson will help you. I have another call to make." He went to the balcony and started his call.

She looked at Patterson. "Do I seriously have only five minutes?" she asked in despair.

Marshall Chris Patterson looked at her and smiled gently. "Hughes is just in a bad mood and doesn't want you to take an hour. You have at least fifteen minutes before he starts complaining," he said with a smile.

"I'll help. Just hand me your things and I'll pack them. This suitcase ok?" he asked, pointing to a navy carry-on.

"Yes, thank you," she said gratefully. He put the bag on the bed and she handed him t-shirts, jeans, and toiletries. He packed quickly and efficiently. She handed him socks and panties, realizing too late that a hot pink thong was on top. He glanced at the items, looked embarrassed for a moment, then packed them quickly.

Despite herself, she found herself wondering what he thought of her underwear. As soon as she'd met him, she was drawn to him, with his short, wavy brown hair, hazel eyes, and muscular physique. He was tall, well over 6 feet. She had always liked tall guys. If she had to go to a safe house, at least he'd be there.

Chris continued packing, and tried to put the hot pink thong out of his mind. He found himself imagining her wearing the thong, the pink triangle emphasizing her curvy ass. She was average height, with medium, firm breasts and a very shapely rear. She was slim and toned, with the kind of body he was most drawn to. She had pale skin, dark eyes, an adorable nose, and long, wavy hair that was dyed pink and purple. She looked exotic and was probably of Middle Eastern decent. He hoped he wasn't staring: she was beautiful.

He noticed her embarrassment when she realized she had handed him such intimate items. Then, her embarrassment was replaced with something else, something like defiance. She seemed to be saying, "Yes, I wear sexy underwear. Get used to it." He was drawn to her bold confidence. Damn, she was hot!

He had seen more than just the pink thong. As he was packing, he'd noticed that there were purple satin panties and an assortment of other brightly-colored items. Did she really wear these on a regular basis? His last girlfriend had assured him that most women wore boring cotton underwear unless they were on a date. She told him that most women did not wear underwear from a Victoria's Secret catalog, and she had no intention of indulging his "demeaning male fantasy." 

Donna was intriguing, and not just because of her appearance. She was smart: he'd heard someone mention she had a PhD in computer science. Plus, she'd founded her own company.

When he'd first met her a week prior, he was taken by both her appearance and her personality. She grilled both Chris and Hughes on every aspect of security. Her questions were direct and intelligent. Hughes was frustrated, but Chris was impressed. At one point, they brought in the ADA to answer her exacting questions. Only when she fully understood something would she accept it and move on. She was intense, and Chris found her personality exhilarating. He wondered how he would fare under her scrutiny. He wanted to find out.

He realized he was lost in thought and looked at the suitcase. "Is that everything?" 

"Yes, thank you," Donna replied with a small, grateful smile.

He looked at his watch. "Not bad, just ten minutes. That's the power of teamwork." He smiled at her, and she nearly melted. He had the most adorable, irreverent grin. It lit up his whole face and made her smile again, despite the situation.

Hughes came back to the living room. "All done?" he asked, directing his question at Chris. "Yes sir," Chris replied, zipping up the suitcase. Hughes seemed to be in a slightly better mood. To Donna's disappointment, she noticed that Chris's demeanor became more formal as soon as Hughes was back. 

"Let's get her to the house and make sure it's secured. Then, you'll have the first shift," Hughes said. "I probably can't relieve you over the weekend. Mary says we have to go to a goddamn couple's retreat, and Stevens is busy with his case. Jones will do your food runs, but other than that, you're on your own."

"No problem," Chris replied. "I'll be fine."

Chris put Donna's suitcase into his black SUV. Fastening her seatbelt, she asked, "Hughes is having marriage problems?" 

"Yup," Chris replied. "That's why he's in such a bad mood. Ordinarily he's not the most cheerful guy. These days he's intolerable. I just try to stay out of his way."

They drove on for about 30 minutes. Donna tried to make conversation, but Chris seemed uninterested in talking. They settled into silence.

Once they arrived, Chris and Hughes talked logistics while Donna unpacked. The house was a typical suburban one, spacious but ordinary.

Chris came back in, without Hughes. She noticed he was more formal than when they were at her apartment. He asked her what she wanted for dinner, then retreated into another room.

Donna sat on her bed. The events of the last 24 hours still didn't seem real. The nightmare had begun several months earlier, when she and her coworker Dan had looked into some odd activity on one customer set of accounts. They had founded a startup for managing personal finances, similar to Mint. Ordinarily, they would never examine customer data, but they found unusual activity with one account. It had login IP addresses from all over the world, all within a few hours of each other.

What they discovered was a network of over 300 connected accounts and evidence of money laundering. Dan insisted they go to the FBI. Donna argued with him and lost, pointing out that they had no legal responsibility to report money laundering, unlike all the banks that actually held the funds. Finally, he appealed to her conscience, pointing out that the people in question may have been involved with trafficking or weapons sales.

It turned out to be the notorious Dragos cartel, who traded in weapons and drugs. She didn't regret going to the authorities, but she wished it hadn't turned her life upside down. The data provided to her service and the login activity was the smoking gun. Aside from handing over the data, she had to testify about how her software worked. As the lead programmer, she was on the hook to bring Dragos to justice. 

Her only hope was that the prosecutor would manage to convince Dragos to take a plea bargain. Right now, he only knew they had financial evidence. He wasn't supposed to know she was the witness.

Dinner was a silent affair, just like the car ride. Chris barely spoke to Donna, despite her attempts to make light conversation. It seemed that now that he had fulfilled his duty in bringing her to the safe house, his distant demeanor had returned.

She didn't suspect the real reason for Chris's behavior: he couldn't control his attraction for her. He could barely stand being in the house. He fantasized about her full, beautiful lips. He imagined kissing her. He pictured her lovely lips around his hard cock. 

Since they'd met, he'd dreamt about her nearly every night. Once, in the shower, she entered his thoughts while he was masturbating. He came, thinking about riding her doggie style, grabbing her beautiful, round ass. Afterwards, he felt as though he had somehow violated her, and felt even more haunted by his feelings for her.

The days went by slowly. Donna was not permitted to talk to friends or family or use any social media. As an engineer, she felt the restrictions were designed by someone who didn't understand how the Internet worked, but Chris was not interested in the debate. He responded to her impassioned arguments with short, curt replies.

On the third day, Donna stopped trying to talk to him entirely. She felt even more lonely than usual, and wondered if it was possible to go crazy in just three days.

Chris was concerned. Donna seemed to be retreating into herself. When he had first met her, she was strong and confident. She was rattled by the situation, to be sure, but she'd decided that she would handle it head-on. Now, she was quiet and vulnerable. She seemed distant and very sad. He realized the situation was taking its toll. He wished he could bring back the strong, confident woman he'd met just a few days earlier.

She was pretending she was fine, but Chris knew better. "Is everything ok?" he asked, walking over to the couch.

"I'm fine," she replied tersely. She wasn't interested in sharing her feelings with a man who had practically ignored her for three days. 

"You don't seem fine," he replied lightly, sitting next to her. She ignored him.

"You seem upset. You're hardly eating," he said, pointing to her dinner at the table. She had barely touched it.

She looked at him and wanted to punch him. She couldn't stand people who pretended to care. She was going to maintain her tough exterior if it killed her.

"I'm just trying to help," he continued, touching her arm lightly. 

"I'm fine!" she said, then burst into tears. His apparent sympathy, combined with her feelings of loneliness and despair, were too much to handle. She sobbed, covering her face with her hands.

"I'm sorry," he said gently, and touched her shoulder awkwardly. He was at a loss for what to do.

"It's just a lot to handle," she said between sobs. "Everything is horrible, I can't talk to anyone, and you've barely said two words to me since we got here. There's only so much I can take." 

His heart immediately sank. It seemed that his plan to maintain his distance had backfired. He should have been more supportive. She was an ordinary person, not someone who had ever associated with criminals. Her life had not prepared her for this. 

And he could have helped. Instead, he thought it would be easier if they weren't too friendly. He had tried not to be attracted to her, but had failed miserably. His fantasies were becoming more frequent and more intense. Keeping his distance had seemed the safest option.

"Hey, I'm sorry," he said gently, putting his arm around her. "I just wanted to keep things professional. Things can get awkward in close quarters. I've had some bad experiences on that front."

She looked at him in exasperation. "I'm not asking you to be 'unprofessional.' I just wanted a friend. Is that against the rules?" she asked bitterly.

"Of course not," he said ruefully. "But sometimes people can mistake friendship for something else."

"Really?" she asked. "That seems like a stretch," she added, not looking at him.

"Have you heard of something called transference?" he asked. 

"Yes, that's when someone thinks they're in love with their therapist. The patient transfers feelings to the therapist," she said. "What the hell does that have to do with anything?"

"It can also happen in these situations," he replied. "A witness will feel grateful toward their protector, and mistake that for sexual attraction. They'll misread responses. Kindness and friendliness will seem like mutual attraction." 

"I've had it happen to me, at least once," he went on. "It made everything much harder for her. I couldn't help feeling guilty. Maybe I had been too friendly and too casual. Maybe I should have seen the warning signs."

Donna frowned. "I suppose I can see how that might happen," she said slowly. 

She paused. "But first off, now that we've talked about it, isn't it less likely? And second, is the only way to avoid transference to act like a total fucking jackass?" she exploded.

Chris laughed, despite himself. "Fair enough, I probably have been a jackass. I wasn't trying to be. I just overcompensated. Forgive me?"

She sighed. He looked so contrite and so crestfallen that she couldn't stay angry. "Fine, but if you start acting like a dick again, I might punch you in the face. Consider this fair warning."

He laughed again, and she noticed how his entire face had lit up. "Fair enough. I'd deserve it, anyway." 

He looked at her again. "Feeling a bit better? It seems that you've redirected some of your emotions, which probably helped," he said, with a wide grin. 

"I guess so," she replied. "But let's assume that I'll actually feel better if you're nicer to me," she said, looking at him defiantly. 

"I get it," he said. "Believe it or not, I'm ordinarily a nice guy," he said, touching her arm lightly.

"Let's take your mind off things," he went on. "Right now, it's a waiting game to see whether he'll take the plea. Let's not worry about that right now. How about a movie?" 

"Sure," she replied. "That could help."

They decided on Iron Man, which wasn't a drama and didn't involve crime. At least, not crime in the usual sense.

She relaxed once the movie started. She even began to enjoy herself. The movie was so engrossing that she found herself letting go.

About an hour in, Chris noticed that she had nodded off, her head resting lightly on his shoulder. He couldn't help noticing how beautiful and peaceful she looked. At least for the moment, her painful emotions were not troubling her. This gave him some comfort.

He looked at his watch. It was only 10 pm and she usually stayed up past midnight. He decided to wake her so she could get to bed.

He touched her arm gently and murmured her name. She awoke slowly, and looked at him in confusion. "Woah, I must have fallen asleep. What time is it?"

"Only ten. You must be exhausted."

"I haven't been sleeping well," she admitted. 

"Can't get to sleep?" he asked, frowning. He squeezed her shoulder gently.

"Nightmares," she said with a sigh. "I wake up after a couple of hours, and I don't want to go back to sleep. Finally, I fall asleep sometime after dawn."

"So how much sleep are you getting?" he asked.

"Maybe 4 or 5 hours. But it's never restful."

"Can I help?" he asked. "It feels better to talk to someone after a nightmare. It takes the power out of it.

"How about this," he went on. "The next time you have a nightmare, just come to my room. Don't worry about waking me up. I'm a really good listener."

"Are you sure?" she asked in surprise. "That's very generous of you."

"Of course," he replied. "It's the least I can do. Apparently, I've been acting like a 'total fucking jackass' the last few days," he said with a grin. "I really need to improve my image." 

"I might take you up on that," she said, wrapping her arms around her chest. "The nightmares are pretty bad. I never had nightmares like this before."

"I'm happy to help," he said, helping her to her feet. "I want to make this easier for you." He kissed her gently on the forehead.

She felt safe and cared for. She was amazed at the transformation in his behavior. And the adorable kiss on the forehead! She wanted to melt into his arms.

Chris went to his bedroom, his head spinning with thoughts and emotions. Should he have kissed her? It was a chaste kiss, but still.... Perhaps it was too intimate. Was he getting too comfortable with her?

As he drifted off to sleep, he imagined Donna in his arms. He would kiss her softly and tell her everything was ok. He desperately wanted to protect her, to keep her safe. To tell her she didn't need to worry so much. He wished he could take away her pain, and remembered how calm and peaceful she looked while she was asleep. His heart wrenched when he thought about her crying earlier. He hated the fact that he had caused her tears.

In his dreams, they were lying in his bed as he held her close. He kissed her softly, then more and more intently. She stroked his chest and told him that he was sexy, that he was irresistible. Soon, their clothes were gone and she had his hard cock in her hand. She stroked it expertly, making him moan with her every touch. He put his hand on her breast, which was pale and soft and firm. Her nipple responded immediately to his touch, puckering in such a sexy and adorable way. As she continued touching his hard dick, he sucked on each nipple, savoring the salty taste of her sweat. She moaned more and more loudly, seeming near orgasm.

Then he was inside her, his hard cock exploding with pleasure. She thrust against him as he fucked her in multiple positions. First missionary, which morphed into doggie style. He grabbed her bare ass as he pounded into her. Then she had her first orgasm.

Then she was flat on her stomach and he was on top, entering her from behind. It was tight and wet and warm, and he felt as though he'd come any minute. She pushed against him, gasping for breath and whispering his name over and over. She told him she loved fucking him, that she'd always wanted him, that he was her lover and her protector. She told him not to stop and then she came, hard. Her orgasm seemed to last forever. He felt her orgasm on his hard cock and finally exploded in a hot mess. 

Chris slept soundly with a raging hard-on.

Donna also fell asleep quickly that night, but did not sleep soundly. She awoke from another nightmare, crying and gasping for breath. This one was even worse than before. It felt so real. She tried in vain to calm herself down. Finally, she decided to go to Chris's room.

His door was open, so he could respond quickly if there was a threat. She called his name softly, a few times.

He woke with a start and reached for his handgun on the nightstand. "No, it's just me!", she said quickly.

He relaxed. "Is everything ok?"

"I had a nightmare. It was even worse than the others. I'm afraid to go back to sleep. I'm afraid I'll have same the nightmare again. That's happened before," she said, nearly in tears.

"Come here," he said gently. "Tell me about it."

She sat on the bed next to him, with her back against the headboard. "It was bad," she said. She let out a deep sigh. "Dragos was after me. He had discovered who I was, and wanted to make me suffer. When we were in the house, I dreamt he was outside, stalking me. At one point he tried to get in, and I kept trying to close the door on him.

"Then the dream changed. We were outside, and it was daylight. But I was afraid. You were about 20 feet away, and he jumped out of a car with a machine gun. I tried to warn you, but I couldn't speak. He shot you. There was blood everywhere.

"Then he grabbed my arm, and said, 'You're next.' I wanted to scream, but I couldn't. I couldn't move. Then I woke up. It was horrible, it felt so real."

"Wow," Chris said, stunned at the intensity of the dream. He put his arm around her, holding her close. "No wonder you're afraid to sleep," he said, squeezing her arm gently.

"Yeah, my mind is really twisted," she said. "I'm sorry I killed you in my dream."

He let out a short laugh. "The dream wasn't about me, exactly. Do you see that?"

"What do you mean?"

"I represent your protection: when you're with me, you feel safe. If I'm not there, no one is protecting you, and that's what scares you. In your dream, that translated to me being killed. You're just afraid you'll have to handle everything on your own.

"But you're not on your own," he went on. "Think about it: the government has a vested interest in you testifying. They're going to make sure you're protected. They would never let you out in public without a ton of security. And, I'd never be 20 feet away from you. I'd be right by your side."
