 I'm a man, wait, a married man. And a happily married man at that. My wife Shelly and I have been together for 30 years. We married pretty young - I was 24 and she was 22. We had dated for almost 3 years when she got pregnant so we rushed to get married.

We have 3 kids, a crowded house and all that comes with it. It hasn't been a story-book marriage, but a real-life marriage. We've had our trials & tribulations. We've had our infidelities, financial crises & personal issues. I know there were times where I was ready to just give up and leave. If I felt that way, you can at least double that count for her wanting to leave me, easily. But through those times, we've both come to forgive each other and reached down to support and help each other pull through those times. There's a lot to be said for that. In the end, we love each other and we want to be with each other.

It all started with her after I dropped out of college (I loved the partying life too much) I got a job as a cook at a restaurant. This is where I met my wife. I can remember it like it was yesterday. She came through the kitchen and she made my heart stop. She was very pretty (still is). Auburn Hair, hazel doe-eyes and supple pouty lips. She isn't tall but very leggy. With all of that came a delectable set of breasts. She wore a deep cut blouse that displayed a firm sensual cleavage. Her breasts weren't huge as she was probably a 32C. Her breasts were silky round and looked delicious. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her or her breasts.

Well, the pursuit was on. I had to have Shelly. Even though she had been seeing a guy from high school, she finally accepted a date with me. We hit it off immediately. I will never forget the first time we got a little intimate and she finally revealed her breasts to me. To this day, I can distinctly remember the coy look on her face as she released the clasp of her bra and let it drift ever so slowly from her breasts. Her full breasts barely moved. Each breast was nearly perfectly symmetrical. They were presented full and soft. The sides rounded outside her lithe width. The undersides were perfectly engorged and curved. As her globes dropped ever so slightly, the slope of her breasts tilted her nipples up to my eyes. Perfect silver dollar size nipples shaded a light brown. They were much better than advertised!

As I admired, I could hear her breath pant and a rush of goosebumps flooded her chest. Her nipples tightened. My fingers gently cradled her milky sacs. I was astonished as to how warm and perfectly soft but firm they were. I remember my thumbs sweeping up and bumped over her nipples. They instantly jutted out over a ½". She gasped. They were sensitive. I nearly busted through my shorts. It was almost surreal, as I gazed and explored breasts that belonged on Playboy. I couldn't be more serious. These were simply perfect breasts. I could go on and on, believe me.

As you can tell, I'm a "breast-man". I often laugh at the notion when brought up in conversation with friends--both male and female. I love everything about a woman's body, so to use those simple terms is too elementary. But I am a breast-man...a true breast-man. A common misguided notion about a breast-man is that they have to be huge balloons to be attractive. That isn't true at all. I've been turned on to all sizes and more likely than not, they aren't these HUGE BALLOONS. To the contrary, breasts have to fit her body type & fit her distinct look.

Symmetry is important but not necessarily perfect symmetry. The nipples are important too. They don't have to be large or small. They have to fit the breast type and the woman. However, sensitivity is important, as well. There's nothing like a breast tipped with a stiff nub to be nibbled, sucked and teased.

So, as our married years rolled along and the kids grew older, I got involved with the local youth sports pro-grams and my daughter's, Brittany, teams. It was nice because it really kept me in good shape and it was a good way to stay close to Brittany. She made many friends growing up that I got to know well from coaching them. It was a lot of work and most of the time fun. I got to watch all of these girls grow up from the time they were around 6 all of the way through high school.

My daughter Brittany was not really athletic but she got to appreciate activity and keeping fit. The friends she grew close with were pretty much the same way. Of course, as they grew older their friendships grew deeper which meant sleepovers and hanging out a lot. By the time they all got into high school, they started to develop, date boys and party. The two she was closest with, Abby & Penny, were developing into two sexy young ladies. Abby, like Brittany, is very petite. But Abby had a pair of very perky breasts which I would say are A+. Brittany had a solid B. Penny was quite different from them.

Penny started developing in 9th grade. I could tell during the summer between 9th & 10th grade, Penny was blooming a sexy body. She always is very pretty. Golden blonde hair and deep azure-blue eyes that were large, round and bright...kind of like Cindy-Loo Who. She is taller than Abby & Brit by 3-4 inches. Her hips widened slightly and tilted so that it shaped the orbs of her bottom up-right to form a tidy shelf at the arch of her lower back. Her thighs and calves are firm and smooth. And her skin, as with them all, is so smooth and without imperfection. It is almost like she has no pores at all.

I also noticed that her breasts started developing with a broad base. Each year from her freshman year through high school they slowly filled. It seemed every time her skin adjusted to her engorged mammary glands, they would fill just a little more. By the time she reached senior year, she had fully developed C+ or D breasts. Her cleavage formed a deep & pillowy cleft that drew attention from anyone. And she didn't mind showing it off.

Penny was often at my house hanging out with Brit & Abby. They would layout a lot or get ready to go out to party from our house. She always had the various tops or dresses that were cut just right. Tube-tops, halters, scoop necks...whatever. Every so often, her nipples would rise and poke against her garment. Her nipples appeared to be thick strong nubs that ached to break through.

I found it very difficult to not ogle or contain myself at times and would dismiss myself to my home-office just to cool down. At the end of their senior year of high school, my wife decided it was okay for them to drink at the house as long as they stayed over. I nearly bit my lips right off when Penny would sit there in her revealing tops, drinking & giggling causing her breasts to bobble in her top. There were times where I could feel myself gawking, half drunk, and quickly catch myself and then leave to my office or bed.

The summer before their 2nd year in college, she went with us on vacation to the beach. We would drink at night, playing games & such. She would still be in her bikini top--just that thin material containing her wondrous breasts. Invariably, the girls started on sex talk. They'd start on about all their dates & boys...and all the stuff the boys wanted to do them. I could feel my arousal almost instantly envisioning all of this. I quickly chuckled and said "I guess this is where I exit, g'night ladies." I scurried to my room and immediately stroked my cock until I shot 6-7 thick strings on the shower wall thinking of her young, full tits. She was really driving me crazy! Afterwards, I'd feel so guilty remembering Penny as this little girl and now all I wanted to do is rip her clothes off.

I got the feeling Penny knew that too. I didn't get caught gazing often...or I should say, the times when I know she caught me wasn't often. The first few times, she would blush deep red. It was amazing how red she would get against that blonde hair. But I guess after a while she started to feel confident. She would blink and give this barely audible giggle and coyly smile towards me. It was never really obvious and she wouldn't make any other gesture. She didn't cringe, or thrust her chest out or any other action that spoke to whether she protested or wanted more. I always felt like she looked upon our relationship as her being comfortable with her body and me. I always thought of it as her "special giggle".

About 10 years ago, I had just started a new job. I was 44. Penny, Abby and Brit were 20-21 years old and heading into their junior year of college.

It had been a crazy first few weeks for me, so I was working late a lot. With my wife being an early-to-bed type of person, I had no time to release any of my sexual tension with her. And I barely had time or the thought of taking care of this pent up angst inside me. I could tell that I was getting anxious and aggravated. Man, I was wound tight!

One evening, I was running late and hurried home from the office. I was rushing around and knew I had to run back to get my haircut. It was starting to look like a mop and needed to get it cut badly, pronto! I flew through the front door, dropped my laptop and headed right through the kitchen to my bedroom. I yelled to my wife that I was changing then going to get my haircut. She yelled back something totally incoherent. That got on my nerves so I barged from my room into the kitchen where I saw Brit sitting there reading a book. I leaned and gave her a kiss on the head and gave her a quick "Howya doin' sweetie?" Then yelled out, "I can't hear you Shelly!!"

Just then the basement door knocked open, pushing me back over the threshold of our living room. It was Shelly carrying a load of laundry. She dropped the basket, planted her fists on her hips and gritted her teeth, "I SAID, it's too late! It's almost 8:00 now & they close at 8!" She glared at me and snarled "And you haven't even eaten yet!"

Not realizing until that moment that it was so late, I mumbled "shit." I had a contract meeting the following day and wanted to make sure I didn't look like a '60s hipster-doofus. I started getting agitated yet again.

I was startled when I heard from the living room a flinty "I'll do it." I leaned back to look and there sat Penny. She was sprawled on my recliner. One leg was casually hanging over the arm cushion of my recliner. Her loose satin gym shorts scooted high on her tender thighs. She was wearing a simple V-neck Tee Shirt. It was an older tee that was just starting to be threadbare. My eyes blinked and flickered at the sight. I could feel my throat lock-up as I gazed. She let out that barely audible special little giggle.

She grinned a little and repeated "I can cut your hair, Tom. I do it all the time for my Dad and brothers." As I studied her, the tee shirt was loose but as she laid back, it formed over her torso. The front rose fully and enveloped the natural swells of her breast, before smoothing out down against the flatness of her tummy. It was then that I realized she had no bra on. The blood rushed through my body. I think I was the one blushing, noticeably, now.

I started to reject the idea when Brittany piped up, "She does, daddy. She even cuts my hair," she said, as she tugged on a wisp of her hair, barely lifting her attention from the book.

My wife huffed at me, "There ya go! That will be perfect. Penny will cut your hair, while I make you dinner. Give me about 30 minutes. Now take this to our bedroom!" She said, kicking the laundry basket at me.

I took a glance at Penny and she grinned while hopping to her feet. She reached up above her head, twisting her long blonde locks of hair into a knot. Her breasts jiggled against the thin T shirt enough for her nubs to slightly rise and tease. I swallowed hard as I grabbed the basket.

My mind was racing trying to wrap my head around this. I could feel the blood engorging my cock already. My wife barked for Penny to go down into the garage and grab a sheet for a smock. Shelly directed Penny "Just do it down there. Tom can just sweep it outside."

As I stepped out I saw Penny tying the T-shirt in a loose knot just above her navel. The tee now draped from the slope of her curves & revealed the sparkled spike in her tiny navel. Her gym-style shorts just barely hugged the edges of her hips. She oozed sex. I could feel my breath pant.

I ran into the bedroom and dropped the basket on the bed. I felt myself begin to almost panic. The blood rushed to my cock while I mentally tried to stave off the embarrassment. I started to fight with myself and the natural urges inside my body and mind. I threw on an old Tee and pulled on some shorts as a quarreled in my mind until I examined myself in the mirror. I looked a mess. I shook my head and chuckled to myself "What the fuck Tom. Look at you! Calm the fuck down. Ain't nothing going to happen." I dragged myself down to the sad fact that it was true...nothing was going to happen. But, on the brighter side, maybe I can use these images with Penny to rub one out of me later. I gave that plan a playful thumbs-up then scurried to the basement.

I bounced into the basement, trying to avert my eyes from Penny to stay calm. I quickly dragged a bar stool from my basement out to the garage because it was closest. From over my shoulder, I asked Penny if I should grab a different chair or if this was ok. As she entered the garage, she just shrugged and dismissed the suggestion with "That'll work."

My heart jumped as my eyes met hers and quickly diverted to her full swells staring at me. I blinked quickly but I heard that little giggle. I snarled to myself Fuck!

I could feel my cock pulse instantly. I tried to rush to the stool to get seated quickly, but clumsily I dragged my bulge against her hip in my haste. She had to feel that, you idiot, I thought. But she just went on and flung the sheet around me as if nothing happened. I was relieved that I was covered to conceal my ever throbbing cock. I was hoping that by the end of this, I would calm down. But there was little hope.

Penny started by circling me like she was assessing. As she commented about clippers or something, I gazed at her breasts just swaying tantalizingly. There was an awkward silence. I looked up and she smile and did that quiet giggle. BUSTED AGAIN echoed in my brain.

She stepped to my side and started running her fingers through my strands, so delicately, to measure my hair. That touch rifled down my spine. She snipped then fingered my hair, then snipped again. Each touch sending sudden jolts through me. Then she leaned in. Her breast pressed full against my bicep. I nearly groaned. It was the first time I actually felt them. Her breasts felt warm & soft but firm...and alive.

Her movements around my scalp were slow and deliberate. As she worked my left side, she stepped up on the support ring of the bar stool to get a better look from above. She gently nudged my head to tilt to the side which landed my head flush against her breast. My face burned red and I swore she let out that giggle once more. My cheek lightly rested into her fleshy breast. I felt myself trembling as if an electric current was buzzing me.

My body was burning up. My cock was fully engorged and flexing underneath the tent of the smock. I could feel my man-muscle stretching down the leg of my shorts like it was trying to reach out for a breath of air. Every nerve ending was on full alert.

She clipped around my ear. Her fingertips lightly brushing around it before gently blowing against it. Her breath was warm and sweet. She giggled and whispered "Sorry, but I had to get that out of there."

I could feel my body's pulse and replied back as coolly as I could, mustering a shaky "Oh sure...tease the poor old man." I had to chuckle but it was true.

She stepped from the support ring and retorted "Mmmhmmm...you know how I am Tom." Again that special giggle, then started working around the back.

As she was running her fingers through my hair and clipping away, she commented how she loved my hair. "It's so thick and full. I love running my fingers through it," she murmured. My head was spinning from the sensations and, now, the comments. Was she pushing me?

With some boldness, I replied "This old man loves it...feels really good."

She tilted my head back against her chest and whispered "You keep saying that, you're really not that old, Tom."

I quietly rested my head back and said "Yeah, I guess not that old, yet." We both chuckled.

She worked around the other side humming nonchalantly. Penny would giggle quietly every time her breasts touched, brushed or pressed against me. I knew my eyes were telling. As hard as I tried not to, I could feel myself growing toward full lust mode. I was fighting every urge I had to keep from grabbing her and having my way.

I was in unfamiliar territory now. I wasn't sure my cock could hold out without making a huge mess. Even my swollen balls started to ache. The pain was something I haven't felt in many years.

Penny finally came to the front. She reached up and delicately ran her fingers through the front of my scalp. Her breasts jutted from her youthful firmness directly in front of me. They just swayed subtly to each little motion she made. I could see the faint outline of her nipples through that thin T-shirt now.

She murmured "I'll need to feather this in." With that, she put her foot on the ring of the stool and hoisted herself up. She came up awkwardly with some momentum. She lost some balance and I instinctively reached for her with my palms catching the curve of her hips. At the same time she slid her knee between my knees but over the smock to prop herself up. With her exaggerated momentum, her knee slid right up and knocked into my hot steel cock. My eyes immediately rolled up as I groaned "Oooh fuck."

Penny immediately started apologizing "Ohmygod Tom! I'm so sorry...I didn't mean to hurt you...did I hurt you..god.. Hope I didn't..." As she went on apologizing, she went to step down my hands gripped her hips, making her still. 

I was struggling mightily and I growled low "No, no, no Penny, you're good...I'm fine...you're good...fine."

She relaxed just a bit and whispered "Are you sure?"

I nodded "I'm certain." She giggled. Dammit, I thought.

As Penny leaned forward to finger and cut on top of my head, my eyes blinked open. The V on her neckline of the T-shirt unknowingly dropped and hung down. I gazed in awe.

There they were! Penny's full breasts...naked & inches from my eyes. In her full glory and unfettered for my eyes. Her breasts appeared at peak ripeness as her glands filled her alabaster smooth skin. Her nipples were semi-erect. The areoles slightly goose-bumped. My cock throbbed furiously against her knee. She giggled again. Her breasts jiggled. It was like she was fishing. I couldn't take it.

My palms started stroking her hips until I caught the hem of her T. My fingers turned underneath her T and lead my palms up under her shirt. Making full contact with Penny's skin, my hands stroked along her ribs. I could see my hands invade from above. It seemed as I was watching this from outside, like it wasn't me.

As my touch skated onto her skin, Penny quickly froze. Her wrists fell on my shoulders and she harshly gasped. She leaned towards my ear and in a shaky breath she whispered "Tom, what are you doing?!"

I could only muster a snarly "I need...to," as my hands caressed and explored her skin.

I was in no rush to just grab. I wanted to get a full sense of her supple skin. Penny's skin was flawless. A softness and smoothness I've never felt before. Penny panted in my ear "Please...please Tom...I can't...we...shouldn't..." Her voice drifted off as my fingers reached the full underside of her milky sacs. I watched as a wave of goosebumps washed over her skin.

I gently palmed each breast. Carefully kneading and caressing each perfectly engorged breast. Penny was now panting and fighting off moans in my ear. She was quietly pleading "Ohhgod...Tom...we can't...please.."
