 Everybody likes money, or at least the things that money can buy. The thing that really differentiates between us is what we'll actually do to acquire that money. Our moral compass, you might say. Take two sweet young things - two nubile young ladies. One would be horrified if you offered her money to strip. The other would be half undressed before you put your wallet away.

I'd always known this sort of thing but it never really registered with me until the day our baby-sitter had her little clothing mishap. My wife was away and I wanted to go out for a few hours, so I'd arranged for Michelle to come and sit for us. Michelle was quite pretty and had a nice figure which she didn't mind showing off. She was also the most expensive of the baby-sitters we use, but no-one else was available. 

I was in the kitchen saying goodbye to the kids. Michelle was feeding the youngest, and that can be quite a task, with the little fiend's arms and legs going in all direction. I was in the fortunate position of being right next to Michelle when Toby latched onto the front of her top and pulled both top and bra down quite hard, letting this lovely young breast pop into view.

I laughed and Michelle gave a little squeak and hastily tucked her breast out of sight, then turned on me.

"If you were a gentleman you'd have politely turned your head instead of looking and laughing," she reprimanded me.

I was totally unrepentant.

"You have to be kidding. I'd have paid good money for a show like that."

At the mention of money I could practically see cash registers flash up in her eyes. Then she made a pretence of modesty and turned away. I finished saying goodbye to the kids and shot through.

I went out and enjoyed myself and it was close to midnight when I got back home. I was feeling happy because I'd stuck fifty bucks in the pokies on my way out and taken out three hundred and fifty; a nice little bonus. 

The kids were dead to the world and Michelle was watching TV, looking a little sleepy. She sparked awake though, when I took out my wallet to pay her. The interest in her eyes as I took out my wallet, plus the fact that I'd had a drink or two, lowered my inhibitions. I'm not saying I was intoxicated. Nowhere near it, as I'd only had a couple of glasses, but apparently that was enough.

Watching Michelle looking at my wallet and assessing what was in there I couldn't help myself.

"I wasn't kidding earlier when I said I'd pay good money for a show like the one you put on with Toby," I quietly observed to the air.

Michelle blushed, looking maidenly confused, but I could see speculation behind the confusion.

"Really, Mr Rhodes," she protested. "I couldn't possibly do such a thing."

"Pity," I murmured. "I'd pay ten bucks for the first item off, an extra twenty for the second, adding ten buck extra for each item."

The calculator in her head clicked on. Two items and she'd have an extra thirty dollars. If she dared go as high as four she'd have a hundred dollars.

I'd pitched it that way deliberately. Assuming bra and panties, her skirt and top would be four items. Effectively, one hundred dollars to strip.

She looked at me blushing slightly and then looked away. Getting undressed in front of a man? That should be a no-no, but a hundred dollars was a hundred dollars.

"Um, you wouldn't try and take any pictures?" she asked.

"Certainly not," I assured her. "I don't even have a camera on me."

"And no touching," she emphasised.

"Last thing on my mind," I said, quite truthfully. Well, the second thing, actually. The first thing was getting her out of those clothes.

She dithered about, but she was going to do it. Blushing, she lifted her top up and over her head. She was watching me watching her, and for all her pretended confusion and violated modesty, she was enjoying being watched. She had a nice body and she knew it.

Her skirt quickly followed her top, and then she really dithered. She didn't know what to take off next. Bra or panties. Finally she settled on lowering her panties and stepping out of them, turning slightly so I couldn't really see her pussy. With the panties gone, taking off her bra was a lot easier for her.

"Now face me," I told her, and she was blushing as she did so, hands strategically placed. 

"Put your hands behind your back," I told her, "and then turn in a circle."

So, hands behind her back she did a full turn, letting me get a proper view of a very nice body. I reached out and gently pressed on a nipple, feeling it sink back against her breast as I touched it, only to unfurl and stand out firmly when I took my hand away.

"You said you wouldn't touch," Michelle protested, hands coming up to cover her breasts.

"I lied," I said gently. "How can I not touch something as lovely as you?"

This time I reached over and just ran my fingertips over her mons. Michelle squeaked and drew back. She was just about to dive for her clothes when I chipped in.

"How old are you, Michelle?"

"Nineteen, nearly twenty, but that doesn't mean you can touch."

"Maybe not, but how would you like to double your money? Make it two hundred."

She looked at me, wanting the money but hoping I didn't mean what she thought I meant. Her eyes dropped to where I had started undoing my belt.

"Ah, what would I have to do?" she asked cautiously. 

"Oh, I think you know. You're not a virgin, are you?" 

My trousers were sliding down and my intentions were clear. Michelle was torn between looking at my erection and wanting to seem too embarrassed to look at it. 

She finished up looking at me and assessing my gift.

"How do I know you'll pay me," she asked.

I picked up my trousers and took out my wallet. Extracting four fifties, I spread them. 

"Your choice," I told her. "Take the hundred or the two hundred, but whichever you choose, that will be the end of it. I'll accept your decision."

The hell I would. My cock was wanting action. If she said no I'd have to up the ante a little, probably after I ravished her, which could be expensive.

Michelle took a hundred, and her hand stayed there. Then she took a big breath that did nice things to her breasts and grabbed the second hundred. Turning, she snatched up her bag and shoved the money in.

Then she gasped. While she was bent over her bag I had stepped up behind her and my hand had closed over her mound. Michelle just froze there while I made free of her, massaging her mound. I think that every moment she stayed bent over like that she was expecting me to suddenly take her. She was flushed and breathing hard when I backed off a little and encouraged her to stand up.

It would have been embarrassing for her if I was to ask how she wanted it. Far better to just lay her down and take her, letting her see what was happening. A finger dipping between her lips while I massaged her had confirmed that she wasn't a virgin and I was ready to proceed.

I gently tugged her over to the rug in front of the couch and eased her down onto it. Moving her legs apart I settled between them, my erection resting lightly on her tummy. Michelle was staring at it nervously, not sure how to take this. This wasn't a situation where she'd been willingly seduced by a boyfriend. This was a man who was almost a stranger.

To rush her or not to rush her. Would she panic if rushed? I thought not. She had her money and she intended to keep it. I was still idly playing with her pussy, fingers darting here and there, stroking and teasing. I drew back a little.

"You put it in," I said quietly.

Michelle looked at me and then back to my erection, blushing. Then one of her hands dipped down to her slit and her fingers gently spread her lips. Concentrating hard, she took my erection with her other hand, guiding it into position, pressing it lightly between her spread fingers. Then, still holding it in position, she bit her lip lightly and pushed up against me, her mound rising to swallow me, closing tightly around me.

She sank back down onto the rug, looking pleased with herself, and I followed her down, continuing to press down, driving firmly into her.

"Nicely done," I praised her. "You're good at this. Now show me how good."

I was pressing firmly against her, even as she started pushing up against me, and she did feel good. I drove in hard, taking my time and sweet-talking her after each stroke. I complimented her on our good she felt and on how responsive she was. I teased her on how her breasts wobbled when I drove into her, shaking her. I cupped her breasts to hold them still and told her how wonderful they felt. 

And all the time I banged her, harder and harder, and Michelle was frantically bucking beneath me, almost glowing in her eagerness to please me and be pleased by me.

I took my time, dragging it out as long as possible, enjoying the way Michelle was gasping and shaking her head, begging for a release that was too slow in coming. 

Finally I settled into my end run. My hands closed tightly over her breasts and I started pounding hard and fast, driving Michelle quickly into her climax. And mine. I wasn't forgetting mine. By the time I finished I was done. Completely spent. Michelle, on the other hand was lying back, glowing, with a happy smirk on her face.

Michelle departed, looking thoroughly pleased with herself, assuring me she was available anytime I needed a sitter. And I suspected, even if I didn't need one. I watched her go, turning over the nights events in my mind. The whole incident had clarified something I'd always known. Some people would do anything for money. The trouble was in picking the right ones.

I'm a glazier by trade, and on the following Monday I was scheduled to do some work at a college. When lunchtime came around I was way up at one end of the place and everyone else seemed to be at the other end or out in the grounds. I assumed they had some sort of canteen where I could get something to eat but I'd packed a lunch and had my thermos and couldn't see the need. I'd just eat and get on with the jobs. Time is money, and all that.

I took a fifteen minute break to actually eat my lunch. While I was doing it this student came past. She glanced in, looked me over and decided to talk. She came in and started nattering. I hardly had to say a word. Just nod and agree in the appropriate places.

"Gosh, you must think I'm an awful chatterbox," she finally said.

"Not really," I said smiling. "You're just an extravert, not shy around strangers."

"You've got that right," she said, laughing. "As soon as I meet someone I feel that I've known them all my life."

"Not that that can have been very long," I pointed out. "How old are you?"

"Eighteen. People say I don't look it, but I think I do. Do you think I look eighteen?"

I assured her that she did and added I could see her getting into a pub without having to show ID. 

"Ha. A lot you now," she grumbled. "I'm always having to show I'm the right age. It comes from having small tits, I'm sure of it."

Small breasted she may have been, but they seemed nicely shaped to me, and that school tunic couldn't disguise her womanly hips.

"Well you seem quite self-assured to me," I said. "I can't see you being intimidated by the bouncers and such."

"Oh, no. I'm good to go. I'm willing to take on any dare."

"Somehow I doubt that," I said teasing her. "I mean, here you are talking to a stranger. Even though you say you now feel that you've known me forever I'll wager you fifty that you won't take your panties off with a stranger in the room. Me, in this case."

She went red and started to bluster.

"I'm not going to bet that. Whoever heard of such a thing? Really. You're terrible to even suggest it."

I grinned at her. "And you haven't got the fifty that you'd have to fork out," I suggested.

"I wouldn't have to fork it out," she said, all dignity. "I just don't want to take your money."

I took out my wallet, ostentatiously took out a fifty, folded it and tucked it in my shirt pocket and put my wallet away. She blushed again, looking at me, and then at the pocket where the fifty resided.

"You're on," she said briskly. Reaching up her tunic she wriggled out of a pair of panties and stuffed them in her pocket. Then she stuck out her hand for the fifty, smiling triumphantly.

"Hold on," I said. "I have to be sure."

Reaching over I lifted the front of her tunic to inspect her bare loins. Very nice, with a little tangle of fur, just not enough to show over a bikini.

"Very nice" I extracted the fifty and handed it to her. She was smiling smugly. The smile faded somewhat when I tossed out my next challenge.

"Lay you another fifty that you're still a virgin," I said.

She flushed again but said, "Done. Now pay up. I'm not. Lost that on my eighteenth birthday, and quite interesting it was, too."

"Hold on," I said again. "It's only fair that I check to make sure you're telling the truth."

"Ah. And how do you propose to do that?"

I could see she was thinking that I wanted to grope her. For the fifty she was prepared to put up with it. I was almost sorry to disappoint her.

"It just so happens that I have my little old virginity tester here. Why don't you just bend over that desk while it gives you a thorough examination?"

"You expect to have sex with me to test my virginity," she asked indignantly. "I didn't agree to that."

"Then you lose," I said smiling, "and you owe me fifty." I put out my hand.

She did not want to give back the fifty she already had. She considered that her money. She was considering alternatives.

"Um, can't you just test with your finger," she said, face blazing.

I sadly shook my head. "That would only show that your hymen might be broken," I pointed out. "It doesn't give that deep penetration and let me feel your reaction.

I'll tell you what. I'll start the test and if you think you don't want to go ahead with it, just let me know."

With that I turned her and had her bend over the nearest desk. Pushing her tunic up I slid my hand between her legs, stroking her mound. She was tense at first, but after a little bit of attention had been made she started to relax, pushing her pussy against my hand.

I eased a couple of fingers past her lips, stroking her more sensitive inner flesh. She gasped and squirmed a little, but didn't say anything. Then I was parting her lips and my cock was pressing forward and into her. 

"Oh my god," she said in a soft squeal and talking fast. "I can't believe I'm letting you do this. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god."

I couldn't believe it either. We were in a frigging classroom, for god's sake. Students or teachers might come past at any time. I started taking her, very firmly. Non-virgin was right. Right from that first stroke she knew what was expected of her and she delivered. 

I had to make this fast. Too, too, embarrassing trying to explain to a teacher why I was shafting a student instead of working. I drove in hard and fast, keeping the action moving quickly. She seemed to understand the need for speed and was most obliging in her response. (I guess she didn't want to have to explain to a teacher why she was screwing the glazier instead of being wherever she was supposed to be.) 

She was gasping and squirming under me, her bottom working hard to keep up with me, little eager squeaks escaping her as we mated. Faster we went, racing towards a quick climax, both of us relieved when we found ourselves getting there.

I finished off with a groan of relief, while she finished up by burying her face in her hands to muffle her shriek of delight. I withdrew and guided her sideways so she sank down onto the seat of the desk. She sat there, breathing hard. She was spent. Not so spent, I noticed, as to prevent her sticking out her hand for the fifty she had won. I slapped it down and her hand closed over it while she grinned at her victory. I guess she showed me.

The next time I win some money on the pokies I know just how I'm going to spend it.