 The last time my daughter, Lee-Anne, got into real trouble with me was when she was fifteen. I received a phone call from a friend telling me that she and her best friend, Sophia, had been caught shoplifting. It was one of those cases where it was just for fun and a laugh until they got caught.

I asked my friend if it was OK if I was allowed to handle it. If so, I would take care of both girls, seeing as how they were in it together. He didn't mind as it saved him paperwork and we both knew I'd owe him one. He put my daughter on the phone and I gave her some instructions.

Short and sweet, I told her she had ten minutes to get home and that she'd better have Sophia with her when she arrived. They made it in time and I ordered them to my bedroom. Once there I didn't muck around. They knew they'd screwed up. I was just going to reinforce the idea.

Lee-Anne went across my knee and I didn't give a damn about her age. She got soundly spanked on her bare bottom. The fact that it was happening in front of her friend was probably the most humiliating part of it. Daughter done, I turned on Sophia, ordering her to bend over. 

She was horrified.

"You can't spank me," she told me. "I'm not your daughter."

"Sophia, I don't care," I replied. "Now bend over."

The look on her face was wonderful to behold, but she went across my knee and received the same treatment. Afterwards I read them the riot act and grounded them for two weeks.

Sophia was still defiant.

"You can't ground me," she said. "Only my parents can ground me."

"You may feel free to discuss your grounding with your parents if you wish," I informed her, "but if I find you have not obeyed the grounding I will discuss it with them. Your choice."

I got killer looks from two young misses but they both took the grounding. I sometimes wondered what Sophia's parents thought when she stayed home for two weeks.

That was a few years back and they apparently took the lesson to heart. This isn't to say that they didn't get up to the occasional mischief and got yelled at but they made sure they didn't do anything major. (Or if they did, they took care not to get caught.) Now they were eighteen, still friends, and turning into a couple of very fine young women.

Sophia turned up at my house the other day after work. (Her work, not mine. I was working from home at the time.) She was expecting to find Lee-Anne at home but I had some bad news for her.

"You're out of luck, Sophia. Lee-Anne just called. The trains are screwed up and she probably won't be home for another hour. Feel free to make yourself at home if you want to wait for her."

Sophia decided she did want to wait and wandered off to Lee-Anne's room while I returned to my office. Shortly afterwards I left my office, went to the front room, and turned down the volume on the music player. Sophia grumped but I ignored that and went back to my office. 

It wasn't entirely unexpected when the volume crept up again but it wasn't too bad so I let that go. Sophia then came into my office and said she was making coffee and did I want any. 

"Not right now," I told her, indicating the monitor. "I'm just a little busy."

She wandered off and came back shortly after, drinking her coffee and wanting to talk. I explained that I really did want to get the job I was doing finished. Preferably today. She just smiled and wandered out again.

Then it was the TV. The music had been turned off but the TV was on, loudly. Who wants to listen to Dr Phil yelling at some idiot and telling them why they're an idiot? Not me. Once again it was into the front room to turn down the volume.

"Oh, too loud was it?" asked Sophia, with this little smile playing around her lips.

She was doing these little things deliberately, intend on provoking some sort of reaction out of me. At times a little provocation goes a long way.

"Sophia, dear," I said smiling nicely, "do you remember what happened when you were fifteen and were caught shoplifting?"

She laughed and nodded.

"Well, just keep that in mind if you intend to continue in your little game of provocation."

She laughed again and I turned to go back to work.

"Ah, Mr M," Sophia called to me, "I'm eighteen now. Would you really try to spank me?"

"Keep pushing and find out," I told her.

"OK," she said and to my surprise she reached up her dress and dropped her panties. Then she bent over the end of the couch, looking back at me with a wicked look on her face. I'm not sure if she realised it or not but bent over like that her short skirt had risen enough to show everything she would normally conceal.

"I'm waiting to find out," she told me.

I'm not sure what she expected when she tossed the challenge down, probably that I'd back off quickly or maybe give her a token smack on the bottom. I was actually a little surprised myself at what happened. I stepped over to where she was bent over, bringing my hand around and into contact quite smartly.

"Mr M," she said with a small shriek. "That's not my bottom. What are you doing?"

She wasn't telling me anything new. After all, I was the one who placed my hand where it was. As for what I was doing, surely she could tell when she received a friendly massage? Especially where I was massaging her.

"Um, spanking?" came the nervous question when I didn't reply.

"We'll get there," I assured her. "I'm just preparing the ground first. I've decided at your age a different kind of spanking is called for. Unless, of course, you would rather apologise for being a provocative little minx and we'll call the whole thing off." 

This time she didn't reply, but I could see her stiffen slightly in outrage. No way was she going to apologise or back down. Things were going to get quite interesting. I was moving on from just rubbing her mound. Now fingers were slipping between her lips and exploring. Among other things I subtly checked to see if she was still a virgin. No way was I deflowering my daughter's friend. Take advantage after someone else has, possibly, but not lead them astray in the first place.

I could feel the heat in her and my fingers were damp. I was stroking her mons, pressing heavily just above her clitoris, knowing the vibrations of what I was doing would travel through. From the choked of scream I suspected that I was eminently successful.

I noisily undid my zip, seeing her head whip around to look and then turning away just as quickly, deciding she didn't want to see.

"Ah, you're not really going to, ah, I mean, you know what I mean."

"Am I going to use my little truncheon to spank you?" I suggested. "Why, yes, I am, unless you tell me not to."

I listened for the word no but was greeted by silence. I eased my erection forward, letting it rub along her mound, brushing along her slit so her lips felt the hard heat of it. No response apart from the fact that Sophia seemed to be breathing slightly harder.

I eased her lips apart, the head of my cock moving into position, pressing against her. She said something but it was too low for me to catch.

"I'm sorry, but I didn't catch that. Were you saying no?"

"No. I mean I wasn't saying no. That is, I just said I don't believe this is happening."

"Ah, I see. So does this help you to believe?" I asked, pressing forward slightly and letting her lips close over me.

"Yes. My god, you're really going to do it. Oh my god. Oh my god."

I started moving deeper, giving her time to adjust (or tell me to back off, if she wanted to). It seemed she didn't want me to back off. There was a subtle clue in this regard in the way she started pushing back to meet me. She was hot and tight, wet and eager, and I found I was pushing deeper faster than anticipated and Sophia was right with me, hips rising slightly as she strained to take me.

I held myself steady, deep inside her, while I started pulling her blouse loose from her skirt. 

"What are doing?" she wanted to know, guessing the answer when I reached up and unclipped her bra. 

My hands captured her breasts, holding them firmly, coaxing the nipples to stand by teasing them with my thumbs. Not that much teasing was needed. They were already hard and starting to stand. Now I was ready to proceed.

I started moving within her, feeling her respond and move with me. It was plain that while she wasn't a virgin she wasn't all that experienced, and seemed somewhat surprised at what was happening, although quite happy to explore these feelings in depth. The deeper the better from the way she raised her hips to press back against me.

I had, given her expected inexperience, started off rather slowly, the idea being to give her time to adjust. I needn't have bothered. She was all fire and passion and the tempo of our coming together mounted. Finally I settled into a nice steady rhythm, driving in hard, my hands amusing themselves with her breasts as I took her.

I took her hard, enjoying the drag of my hard erection against her softer flesh, relishing her little cries of pleasure as I thrust in hard, her passage yielding and clinging. I prolonged our encounter, feeling her need for me to come in even harder, but holding things down, determined to stretch the pleasure, to torment her with pleasure.

Finally I reached a point where I was going to have to cut loose. She was almost ready to scream out her need, which was fair enough, so was I. I upped the tempo, shifting the dynamics that had her almost mindless with need to a driving tempo that was destined to destroy her.

I was hitting harder and harder, swearing silently to myself when she didn't climax, because there was no way I was going to last much longer. Then I was done, finished, and spent, blowing my load in helpless jerks, spreading my seed whether she was ready or not.

You'll never know what a relief it was to me to have her climax at the end. I could feel her shaking, hear her trying to scream, but without the breath to do it.

I sat on the couch while Sophia snuggled up next to me, still breathing hard. For a while we just sat there.

"I trust that you have learnt that there are penalties involved with provocation?" I suggested.

"Really," came the reply. "I'm a slow learner. I may need a repeat lesson. I'll be interested to see how you deliver it if Lee-Anne is around."

I have to admit she had a point. My daughter might have a word or two to say if I grabbed one of her friends and tossed her on the nearest bed to teach her a lesson. I shrugged.

"I have a good imagination. I'd come up with something. Just try to behave yourself when she's about."

I couldn't see her doing it. I think I was in for a world of trouble in the short term. Long term, who knows.