 She smiled at me, that smile that made me melt and I couldn't help but smile back. She undid me in just that instant with her smile and deep brown eyes. The uniform was form fitting showing off her beautiful physique and I had to concentrate not to stare at the beautiful D Cups standing perky beneath her polo. Her stomach was flat and she had a fine definition to her legs that were hugged by the tight pants and I couldn't help but imagine them unsheathed and beautiful. I tried to focus on what I was doing, just placing an order for my breakfast but that twinkle in her eye made me stutter and she winked at me.

"It's okay, I know what you're getting," her voice was soft and filled with a gentle southern accent that had filled my dreams for a few years now. I smiled and I know I blushed as she went to making my breakfast. I stepped back from the counter as she got the ingredients and put them together just the way I liked. She knew my sandwich because I'd been coming there every morning for the past 3 years and this morning was no different. I didn't know just how different my morning was going to be.

We were the only two there and for a Monday morning that was quite odd but she chatted happily asking how my daughter was. We talked for a few minutes before she put my sandwich into the toaster then a very sad look came over her face and I knew she hadn't meant to let me see it. She tried to recover but she knew I saw.

"What's going on?" I asked. I hated to think of what could have caused her to look this way, I wanted so badly to help even if it was just to listen.

"No, it's nothing. I'm fine." She tried to play it off.

"You know, Kels, I've been coming in all this time and I've thought we became good friends. I'm interested and want to know, you're not burdening me." I got closer and she looked into my eyes and smiled sadly.

"I know, it's just personal and stupid." I smiled.

"Everything is personal and stupid to someone. I promise it won't go any further than us." I looked at her for a moment and saw her look go from searching to determination and she nodded. 

"Can you lock the door while I run to the back?" She turned and disappeared into the back but not before she set my sandwich out of the toaster on the counter. It was left forgotten there as she disappeared. I went to the front of the store, turned off the open sign and locked the door from the inside. I couldn't imagine what it was she wanted but I assumed it wasn't anything that bad.

She called my name a few moments later and asked me to come to the back with her.

Equipment lined the small kitchen and I poked my head in, looking for her. She was standing in the back by the door with her back to me. I came towards her slowly, making sure she could hear me as I approached as I naturally walk softly. I am almost a head taller than she was so when she turned to face me she had to look up into my eyes and I saw how wet they were with the beginnings of tears. I didn't wait for an invitation as I gathered her into my arms and pulled her tightly against my chest.

She fit perfectly against my body, her cheek resting against my chest as I held her and rubbed her back tenderly, feeling her arms going around my waist and clinging to me like I was the last thing on earth holding her there. It didn't hurt but I knew what desperation was and knew how it felt to hold something solid when you needed it so I let her squeeze me as hard as she needed. I rested my cheek against the top of her head and held onto her, letting her dictate the length of the hug which was a minute or more. I felt my shirt get wet with her tears and simply didn't care as long as this is what she needed.

She pulled away from me but only enough to look up at me and smile with half her normal smile, it didn't reach her eyes. "Just as solid as I always dreamed you would be." She gave a little girlish giggle and rested her head against my chest again, sighing in contentment. I didn't give her words much thought as I smiled and held her. We stayed like that while she spoke again, very quietly.

"I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to just break down with you. You have no idea how badly I needed someone to hold me and just feel safe for a minute." She paused I didn't know if she wanted me to speak but I didn't. "I've had a rough couple of days and you're the only one who's seemed to notice. And when you did ..." she breathed in and the rest of her words came out in a rush, "it was just such a relief like someone had finally seen. And it was you and it just felt like I needed this, you and your solidness like a great mountain that just holds onto me and keeps me safe." She sighed out and hiccupped a little.

"Kels, you don't have to explain anything to me. I'm glad I can do this for you. Sometimes you just need someone who's listening and it's okay and they don't think any the worse of you for it." I automatically pressed my lips to the top of her head gently and felt her freeze against me. I silently kicked myself for that. "Sorry ... I didn't mean to make you ..."

"No...it's not that." she was so still against me but I didn't let go. She wasn't pulling away just still and then as if she decided something she pulled back from me, not letting her arms come lose but just enough to look up at me. "Kiss me." it was soft and quiet, a request more than an order but I needed no more invitation than that and bent down to place my lips against hers. They were soft and warm and when our lips touched, an involuntary groan escaped her mouth.

I moved my hands under her arms which encircled my neck now and pulled her against me hard, feeling my aching erection against her stomach as I lifted her off the floor and set her on the workspace behind her. She gave a little startled gasp and moan against my lips as I did this and then being more comfortable we kissed harder. I felt her tongue press against my lips and let her into my mouth with a growl of my own. Her breasts crushed against my chest and she was holding me tighter against her until I felt her hips slide forward and her crotch was against the ache of my raging hard on and I could feel the heat permeate our clothing.

I felt her hands in my hair, entangling with it as she pulled my lips against hers and felt her grind her sensitive lady parts through her khakis against my erection and growled playfully into her mouth now as she teased me. She pulled away my lips, panting hard as her eyes closed. "God I've wanted you for so long. I didn't know how to ..." I shut her up with a kiss and she happily went back to making out, surprising me by reaching down and rubbing my erection through my jeans making me groan but I wanted something more.

"Are you just teasing me?" I asked against her mouth as my hands slipped down her hips and captured the hem of her polo. "Or do I finally get to make my fantasies a reality right now?" she raised her arms up and I lifted her top releasing her soft skin to the cool air of the kitchen. I kissed her neck now, inhaling the soft fragrance of her and becoming further intoxicated. I always knew her skin was soft but feeling it beneath my lips only made me tingle more and I wasted no time dispensing with her bra and releasing her lovely breasts.

They were well shaped, dropping into a tear shape with small nipples and ariola's about the size of a silver dollar. I wasted no time latching onto the left one with my mouth and sucking it hard into my mouth hungrily devouring it. She groaned and held my head hard to her breast, her voice now throaty, "Oh god yes ... suck on my tits. God I love it when you do that. Do the other ... ungh please, the other."

She didn't have to say that twice, my mouth moved and took her breast into it hungrily, my hand cupping the other letting it fill it with its weight and massaging it gently, lifting it and squeezing the nipple as I sucked and flicked my tongue over the tip of the other. Her hands went to her belt and undid it pulling her khakis out from under her and revealing a total absence of panties. Her mound was shaved smooth except for a small triangle pointing down towards her soaking slit. I could smell her arousal and knew I had to have a taste.

I grabbed her thighs and pulled her towards the edge of the counter, looking up at her and the now shocked look in her eyes. "No, oh please no. That's ..." I smiled and dove between her legs, my lips sucking gently on her outer lips and I felt her whole body shiver. "Oh God!" I suctioned my mouth around her small hood, teasing the labia with my tongue and parting her lips with it as I felt her whole body start to convulse. I'd dreamed of this for ages, having her legs wrapped around my head as I ate her delicious little pussy and she tasted so sweet. I was too far gone now to pay any heed to her pleas and licked my way further until I was below her, running my tongue down over her entrance and up to the top.

She screamed now as she felt my tongue slip into her and her whole body shook as her first orgasm take her. The taste of her sweet nectar ... I can't even describe it but I wanted more so I grabbed her hips and drank all of it down I could. I felt her hands in my hair trying to pull my mouth away but I wanted more so I continued to tongue her sweet pussy, my thumb resting on her clit as I brought her over the top again. My name was a muffled yell as her thighs crushed my head trying to pull my tongue into her body again.

She released me as she came down from her orgasm but I was far from done. I needed to be in that hot little pussy. I stood up with her legs still spread around me and undid my belt and pushed my jeans and boxers down, releasing all 7 inches of me. I felt it snap forward like a spring and it hit her pussy. 

She opened her eyes and looked at me with a hunger in her eyes and nodded just before I moved forward and hilted myself in her tight little pussy. She screamed as our bodies collided but it was from sheer pleasure and I wasted no time in going slow but began slamming into her body in quick strong thrusts, bottoming out in her pussy as I felt her cervix hitting my cock. She leaned back and rested on her elbows as I fucked her harder, watching those firm tits bouncing with every thrust until she was writhing on my cock again, crying my name as she came hard all over me.

She put her hands on my stomach and pushed me out and I raised an eyebrow as her as she grinned at me and slid off the work surface. She then turned and leaned over exposing her beautiful ass to me and wiggled it invitingly. I grabbed her hips and aimed right for her as I hilted in her again and fucked her hard from behind. I was so close when I leaned over her back, grabbed her ponytail and pulled her hair back as I continued to brutally take her.

"Oh sweet ... FUCK! YES! Cum in me! God, please just ... CUM in me!" she was convulsing as her most powerful orgasm took her and the squeezing of her tight pussy sent me over the edge. I hilted one last time and pumped her full. She shook and twitched against me as I spurted deep inside her until I was completely spent and then she was done. She slid off my still semi hard cock and turned around to face me sliding down to her knees.

She was beautiful with her hair coming out of its pony tail now and she grinned wickedly at me as she took my cock in her mouth and began sucking on it. Her mouth was heaven and then I felt the small ball of her tongue ring against the bottom of my cock and I began to grow again. I hadn't been able to get hard again that quickly since I was 21 almost a decade ago and here was this sexy little vixen sucking me back to hard like it was nothing. She groaned against my cock as she sucked me deeper and then she gagged as it hit the back of her throat.

I tried to pull back but she put her hands on my butt and held me tighter as she continued to suck me. She wasn't letting go and I grabbed her ponytail and began feeding her my cock, guiding her mouth up and down on it. I felt her breasts pressing into my legs and her fingers fondling my balls as she continued to suck me and then just as I was about to go off again, she released me and got up higher on her knees and put my cock between her breasts. She was jacking me off with those beautiful D's like it was the most natural thing in the world and she smiled up at me, pressing her firm tits together to cocoon my cock.

"Mmmm, god that feels good. You're so hard." she was smiling up at me. "Are you going to cum again?" I was speechless, so lost to her ministrations that I couldn't form words. "Good, I'm going to suck it all out of you. God I've dreamed of tasting you for so long and after you've fucked me so good ... I want your cum in me." She was now moving faster up and down and she spit on the head of my cock to lubricate it and suddenly it was spurting again. She quickly sucked me balls deep into her mouth and I continued to spurt down her throat until I was finished. I was so sensitive after this that every movement of her mouth, the gentle moan of her pleasure made my whole body twitch.

Finally my deflated cock slipped out of her mouth and I felt my whole body relax almost instantly and I was looking around at where we were with my pants around my ankles and her naked except for her socks kneeling in front of me smiling up at me. That smile ... how could she do that with just a smile?

"Well, that was just what I needed. Do you still have to go to work today?" And she smiled and I knew I wasn't.