 As a future surgeon I wasn't terribly excited about starting my psychiatry rotation. Talking to crazies and listening to depressed patients go on about their feelings wasn't my idea of fun. It turned out, however, to be much more interesting than I thought.

The first day of the rotation I arrived to meet the other two students who I'd be working with for the next six weeks. Chrissy was a cute, curvaceous spitfire with piercing blue eyes and a quick whit. I had a feeling we'd get along. The other student, John, was already somewhat familiar to me. He was in my med school class which means I had seen him around during lecture for the first two years of school. Since our class was so big though, we never really got to know each other. I guess you could say he was an average looking guy; about six foot tall, short brown hair, medium build with broad shoulders. He was a friendly guy with an easy smile and a bit of mischief behind his eyes.

As the first week passed, Chrissy, John and I got to know each other better. We were on the consult service which wasn't very busy so we had a ton of time to sit in our workroom and hang out. Chrissy and I bonded over shoes and playfully making fun of John. He always took it really well and, in fact, seemed to enjoy it for the most part. Our group dynamic formed around this and we really hit our stride in the second week. We started getting more daring and intimate with our conversations. Sex came up frequently and was definitely a favorite topic. I couldn't help but notice that John spent the better portion of our conversations paying a bit more attention to me than Chrissy. I think Chrissy noticed it too.

As the second week neared its end Chrissy suggested we all go out and get a drink together that weekend. We readily agreed and met up at a local bar that Friday after work. We started off with our usual topic of conversation, picking on John. We ran through his wardrobe, explaining to him exactly what he needed to change. More blues to bring out his eyes, a pair of nice dress shoes, and a replacement belt for his badly worn favorite. The drinks kept coming and our tongues began to loosen a bit more. A couple rounds later and we couldn't help but veer back to the topic of sex. 

We started off talking about physical traits we were attracted to. I mentioned how I was a sucker for a five-o'clock shadow, knowing full well that it would peak John's interest as he sports one daily. He gave me an understanding grin.

"You like this?" he said as he ran his hand across his jaw line. 

"I think it suits you. Much better than the beard you showcased back in our lecture days."

"I'll be sure to keep it then."

Sitting next to us, Chrissy had been shrewdly watching our interaction. There's no doubt she noticed the steady eye contact we were keeping and she was probably sharp enough to pick up on the subtle flush that had come over me. She pushed the conversation onward, commenting that she too was a big fan of the five-o'clock shadow. It didn't get the effect she was hoping for because John chose that moment to comment about how hot the girl was at the table next to us. 

The conversation went on kind of like that for the next few minutes until we found ourselves somehow talking about vibrators. This really piqued John's curiosity. He squirmed a little in his chair as I described how my recent acquisition had changed my sex life. Chrissy countered, insisting that hers was better so we listed off the pros and cons of each. I had to admit hers sounded nice. As we were talking John grabbed a piece of paper from his bag and began to take notes. When he finished taking down the names and styles of each of our vibrators he made a joke about how he was vastly superior to any vibrator when it came to pleasing a woman. Of course Chrissy and I couldn't let this go so we asked him to be more specific. Did he have a vibrating tongue or something? To my surprise, rather than laughing off my jibe he responded by sketching out the female form on his note paper while explaining how he brings a woman to climax. 

"I start off far from the clit. You have to build up to it." His pen pointed to the drawing's thighs. "I use a gentle blowing technique along the inside of the legs to get things warmed up. Then, when she's ready, I move up to the labia and make long upward and downward stokes."

My legs involuntarily opened a little wider as I felt blood rushing to the sites John was describing. The thought of his full lips lightly blowing warm air up my thighs was intoxicating. I've always had a weak spot for head and here was a guy illustrating exactly how to do it right. 

"So what do you do when you finally go for the target?" I asked with a raised eyebrow and a smirk. I was trying to act like a smartass so Chrissy wouldn't know what was running through my head. 

John ran his pen up and down the small circle that was meant to depict the clitoris. He did so in small rapids bursts to indicate his rhythm. I grabbed his pen. 

"I prefer this." I made small tight circles slowly around the clit until there was a dark ring of ink saturating the paper. John looked at the paper seriously for a few seconds then quietly folded the paper in two and slid it in his pocket. Chrissy made a joke about it but I excused myself from the table and headed for the restroom. I was so hot from our interaction I needed to get away before I made a complete fool of myself by attacking him right there in the bar. 

I took a few minutes, splashed water on my face to cool down, and paced back and forth in the cramped bathroom. What was wrong with me? Just a couple weeks ago John was some average-looking guy that I had passed in the halls without notice a hundred times. Now I saw his lips and wondered what they'd be like pressed against mine, or even better, against my legs, my breasts, my clit. 

As I sat back down at the table Chrissy squinted her eyes at me. She was very good at communicating with her eyes and this time they said, "What the hell was that?" I shrugged it off, leaving her silently seething. It was obvious that Chrissy liked John too but since she was the single one and I was not, he should have been hers according to girl code. 

***

A couple more weeks went by and John, Chrissy, and I found ourselves now on the locked psychiatry unit for the acutely and dangerously insane. We spent most of our time interviewing patients in a closet-sized room, then writing up our notes in an only slightly bigger work room. The intimacy of our enclosure wasn't lost on me and it made it difficult to stay focused on my work. 

Since the night in the bar, my flirtations with John grew more blatant and frequent. John had this way of making eye contact that he held for an awkwardly long time. Most people glanced away after a couple seconds so things wouldn't get weird. I had taken it as a personal challenge when I first met him to hold it as long as he did, but as we got closer it became a flirtation of its own. We were each willing the other to admit our not-so-secret desires. It was sexy, exciting, and playful at the same time. Not to mention dangerous, as Chrissy was quick to call us out on it in front of anyone who might be nearby.

One morning in the interview room I found myself sitting across from John. Our attending, a resident, Chrissy, and a patient were also in the tiny room and we were supposed to be listening to the interview. My concentration had been waning all week though, and I couldn't keep from drifting off into daydreams. A quick glance at John revealed that he was staring at my stiletto heels. I was wearing a knee length black wrap dress that day with fire-engine-red four inch heels that he had commented on earlier in our rotation together. Under the dress was a black lacey garter holding up sheer nude stockings. I used the fact that psychiatry required so little physical work as an excuse to dress up on a daily basis. I always made sure to look professional but I liked to add a little extra sex appeal underneath for my own satisfaction. Besides the garter and stockings I had a tiny black g-string and a sleek matching bra that had a bad habit of peaking out from under my dress when I bent forward. 

I glanced around the room, making sure that everyone else was paying attention to the patient as he spoke excitedly about how his cat had caused all his problems. When I was satisfied that my display would be for John's eyes only, I casually uncrossed my legs letting the slit of my wrap dress ride up my thigh exposing the strap of my garter belt. As quickly as it had happened, I re-crossed my legs in the opposite direction and readjusted my dress. Out of my peripheral vision I could tell that my maneuvers weren't lost on him. His head shot up my legs, then to my face. He was checking to see if I had caught his voyeurism and once satisfied that I had been paying attention to the patient he let his eyes wander back down my figure. 

My bit of exhibitionism had worked and my pay off was the thrill of knowing I could probably make him hard anytime I wanted. I caught his eye and smiled delicately. He smiled back and held my gaze while the sound of the patient's voice drifted off in my mind. 

A daydream had taken over again and I found myself alone in the room with John standing across from me with the same knowing smile he had flashed me at the bar. He stepped toward me and softly pressed his body to mine, backing me against the cement wall. With one hand steadying myself on the wall and the other holding on to his muscular arm I let myself melt into his body. Never breaking his gaze he ran his left hand down the small of my back. It slowly traced over the curve of my ass. As he continued down he lifted my leg up allowing the slit of my dress to widen, exposing the entirety of my stocking-clad thigh. He let his hand roam all the way to my knee before reversing direction, traveling back down to my ass, this time below the thin fabric of my dress. My heart was beating wildly as he outlined the rim of my stocking. The anticipation of his next move made me lightheaded and I held my breath. I pleaded with my eyes for him to continue with his exploration. I wanted him to rip open my dress and ravage me up against the wall. 

A cough by the resident in the room brought me reluctantly back into reality. John was staring at me with a devilish grin on his face letting me know he had caught me daydreaming. The interview was coming to a close. I'd have some time to compose myself at lunch before coming back to write my notes for the day.

It turned out that I had miscalculated how much time alone I would need to truly regain composure. I had lunch with John and Chrissy as usual then took a short lap around the hospital to clear my head. Images from my daydream kept popping up like the intrusive memories of a PTSD patient. I didn't have enough time to refocus before I had to be back to the workroom to write my notes. I had taken a new patient that day which made the note more complex than usual and the added distraction of constantly picturing John's strong hand running up my thigh resulted in an extremely poor quality note. My frustrations started getting the best of me. This was fun initially but I was actually starting to consider cheating on my boyfriend and I wasn't even able to collect my thoughts enough to do my job! The rest of the day I was sullen and quiet, trying to distance myself from my guilt and from John. 

The next morning when I still hadn't cheered up John approached me privately to see what was wrong. He was visibly concerned and wanted to know if he had said or done something wrong. I assured him he hadn't and tried to get back to work but he persisted. Was it something at the hospital that was making me sad? My resigned nod prompted an onslaught of additional questions. Was it Dr. S? Was it the resident? Was it Chrissy? Was I sure it wasn't him? I stopped answering at this last one. I couldn't bring myself to let him know that he was the nidus for my current internal struggle.

He tried to cheer me up all that day. He smiled playfully at me, told jokes to try and make me laugh, offered to take on extra work so I wouldn't have to. By the end of the day I did feel better but I hadn't shed my attraction for him as I had intended. Instead I just resolved to be the same cheery person I had entered the rotation as. There were only a few days left and I didn't need to bring everyone else down with me. Anyway, it was really unlikely that I'd sleep with John before the end of the rotation and once it was done I'd probably never see him again. With that rationalization in mind, I decided it was safe to make the most of the next few days with John and really have some fun.

***

The next day I showed up at work in a tight high-waisted black pencil skirt that highlighted my petite waist line. Rather than nude stockings I had chosen to go with black, back-seamed ones to give the look a more retro feel. The effect wasn't lost on the men of the ward as I received several compliments that day from patients and staff alike. When I saw how some of the female workers shots looks up and down my body then smiled weakly with poorly concealed malice, I knew I looked good. 

As I walked in the workroom I smiled as all eyes turned toward me. Chrissy kept her mouth shut but I knew she was cursing how good I looked. John's eyes ran from my ankle strapped stilettos up my legs. I took the opportunity to bend over at the waist to grab the notebook out of my bag I had just tossed on the floor. I knew from our previous conversations that John was more of a "boob guy" than an "ass man" but my ass looked GOOD and I was pretty sure he'd appreciate it. My B-cup breasts weren't my crowning achievement but they fit my small frame well and looked nice and perky under my crisp white button down shirt.

All that day I flirted like crazy with John. I made sure to smile often, get close whenever possible, and even rub my leg up against his when we sat near each other. He was getting bolder too. He made more flirtatious glances at me in front of Chrissy, asked for favors that required me to touch him like scratching his back, and walked so close to me when we went places that we were touching the majority of the time. 

As we sat in our workroom writing our notes for the day I was pleased this time to drift off into another daydream. This time I was sitting up on the workroom desk while John stood opposite me.

"You need to get a new belt." John looked down at his cracked belt then back up at me making the same intense eye contact I had come to crave. He walked slowly toward me. When he came within reach I stretched out and grabbed his belt pulling him in between my now widely spread legs. Without looking down I began unbuckling it. "Yeah, this thing has definitely got to go." I slid the belt out from his slacks. "You should probably get a new shirt too."

"You think so, huh?" His fingers slipped up to the top of his shirt and he began to unbutton it as he leaned in closer. "What about my pants?"

"Hmm, I like the pants. Are they new?"

"No, I've had these for a while." He was down to his last button. I ran my hands down his chest, pausing for a second at the trail of hair leading from his belly button down into the confines of his pants. When I was done admiring I removed the shirt revealing a well defined chest and nicely built arms.

"Well, if they're old you may as well scrap them and start fresh," I purred as I slid the zipper down. Underneath I was pleased to see he was wearing a blue pair of boxer briefs which sent a chill down my spine. From the outline of them I could tell he was well endowed and a second chill ran over me followed by a wave of heat. 

"Seems kind of unfair that I'm the only one in need of some wardrobe attention," he whispered in my ear.

"I'm in the market for a new bra. The one I have on now is a bit small." Without flinching he started unbuttoning my shirt, going faster than he had with his own. His breath was getting more rapid and shallow, betraying his desire. Once finished with his task he carefully peeled my shirt down around my shoulders exposing the rounded tops of my breasts. He leaned down, kissing my collar bone on the right, then running his tongue along it toward the left. As he passed midline his tongue retreated back between his lips and he drove his mouth to the sensitive part of my neck just above the collar bone making me gasp. He continued the attention to my neck as his hands removed the rest of my shirt. 

My hands had been busy as well. They found their way into the front of John's unzipped pants to the prize within. I lightly brushed my fingertips along his length prompting him to kiss my neck deeper. My left hand went around to his ass pulling him closer as I used my right palm to gauge his girth. My estimates told me I would certainly not be disappointed. 

At this point John couldn't resist the call of my tits begging to be released. He grabbed them firmly, filling both hands. A deep swelling of lust rose in me and a moan escaped my lips. Deftly he reached behind me and in one move my bra was unhooked and falling off. It was casually tossed aside and John took a moment to admire the view. A second later though he was down running his tongue along the underside of each breast in turn. The man was in a hurry but he knew what he was doing. My nipples stood at attention waiting impatiently for their turn. After paying proper respect to the periphery, John began to hone in on the nipples. He skated his tongue around the receptive edges of my areola causing me to catch my breath. He flicked his tongue over the nipples and alternated with gentle sucking. To my surprise a stream of cool air came next, tightening the skin over my nipples to even greater extremes. 

I was beyond horny now. The dampness that had formed in my panties early on had developed into a small river of lubrication. The sweet smell emanating from my crotch filled the room adding to the intoxication of the moment. I needed something inside me. My pussy ached to be filled. 

Reaching into the front of John's boxer briefs I pulled out his large member. It pulsed in my hand, swelling to even greater proportions as I drew it toward my wanting pussy. "Fuck me," I whispered. Then louder, "Fuck me, fuck me, oh God, I need you to fuck me."

John reached down to yank my drenched panties from my legs. He spread my legs wide and in one swift motion pushed his entire length into me until I could feel it stretching the back wall of my pussy. I couldn't help but let out a pleasured groan as shock waves traveled up by body. He started slowly, making long in-strokes with faster out-strokes. 

"Is this what you wanted?" he asked tauntingly. "Or do you want me to really fuck you?"

"Oooo, please fuck me harder... please," I whimpered. That was all John needed to hear before pounding his cock firmly in and out of my wanting pussy. I leaned back on the desk grabbing my tits and lightly twisting the nipples between my fingers. John pumped harder still as he watched with eyes locked on my pert little mounds. 

"That's right, play with your tits for me." His knowing smirk was back. He recognized how close to orgasm I was and he was enjoying the power he had to make me scream with ecstasy. 

With higher and higher pitch I couldn't help but let out a series of short staccato cries, "Ah, ah, ah," until they were nothing more than a squeak. The build of my impending orgasm was almost more powerful than I could handle. That's when John changed the angle of his thrusts to target my now highly sensitized g-spot. In seconds the crash of the best orgasm of my life hit me. The room blacked out for an instant as my body began convulsing in wave after wave of pleasure. My pussy contracted around the head of John's cock urging him to continue his onslaught. He gradually slowed his pace and leaned forward to kiss the beads of sweat that had collected across my chest. 
