 A continuation of the fantasy involving Chris Pratt. There's more sex and less plot in this chapter, which I think makes a better story. Tell me what you think. All feedback is welcome!

*****

When Donna awoke the next morning, Chris was gone. She tried not to panic. Did he regret their night together? Maybe it was just casual sex for him, despite what he had said last night. The fog of orgasm might have made him sentimental.

She heard noises in the kitchen and entered the room. Chris was there, looking very sexy in just his boxers. When he saw her, a bright smile lit up his face. "Morning, sunshine," he said, wrapping her in a warm hug. "I missed you." He bent down and gave her a short, but passionate, kiss. 

Donna didn't know what to say. She didn't know what she had been expecting, but she was somehow surprised by Chris's warmth and affection. "What are you making?" she asked.

"Scrambled eggs, and some bacon." 

"Sounds great," she replied, as she took a seat at the table. She wanted to bring up the conversation from last night, but didn't know where to begin.

Chris noticed that Donna seemed subdued. He tried to push the thoughts out of his mind, but he couldn't help worrying that he had a crossed a line last night. She had seemed into it-hell, that was an understatement-but maybe she regretted things.

After a few minutes of silence, he sat in the chair beside her and gently rested his hand on the back of her head. "Hey there. What's up? Is everything ok?" She saw the concern in his eyes and her stomach did a flip.

"I'm ok," she smiled, but he noticed that the smile did not reach her eyes. "Just tired."

He raised his eyebrows and smiled gently at her. "That's great, but I don't believe you." He stroked her hair gently.

His friendly tone broke her resolve. She might as well talk about it.

"I was just thinking about last night. Do you remember what we talked about afterward?" she asked quietly.

"Of course," he smiled. "That was one hell of an orgasm, but I remember what we talked about. I told you that it was one of the most intense experiences I've ever had. And I want to keep seeing you, even when all this is done."

Chris frowned. "Is that the issue? You feel like you promised too much? It was just one night, and we should move on?" He looked away, feeling foolish. Of course it was just sex for her. Why assume otherwise?

"No, of course not!" Donna exclaimed. "I felt-feel-the same way. I just wanted to make sure it wasn't some sort of post-sex haze."

Chris laughed. "Yes, I was probably in some kind of sex trance, but I meant what I said. I really like you. What gave you that crazy idea?"

"I just wanted to be sure," Donna said, holding his gaze. I've learned the hard way that you can't trust everything a man says, especially after sex. Guys will say things they don't really mean but wish they did."

Chris ran his fingers through her hair. "Well, that's shitty. I don't do that. And you deserve better," he said, as he looked at her intently. "And I'm going to need some names and addresses of these dickwads so I can give them a good talking to. That's no way to treat a woman, especially not one as sweet as you." He frowned, disturbed at the thought that someone had hurt Donna so deeply. She deserved better. He wanted to be better.

Donna laughed. "That's ok, I can take care of myself. Most of this happened a long time ago, when I was less self-assured."

"I can't imagine you not being self-assured. You're feisty. You're direct. You tell it how it is, even if it's something people don't want to hear. I love that about you," he said, burying his fingers in her hair. He had never met anyone like her. Compared to her, most women seemed meek and... boring. He couldn't imagine going back to that.

She laughed again. "That's a nice way to put it. I've also been told I take no prisoners and that I'm way too intense for most people."

"You're not too intense for me," he replied, staring at her deeply. "You're a lot to take, but not more than I can handle. Plus, I like handling you."

He kissed her slowly and deeply, then planted kisses down her neck and arm. She moaned. "Don't stop."

"I don't plan on it," he replied, as he pulled her to her feet. "Breakfast can wait."

He guided her back to his bedroom and slowly stripped off her clothes. She looked slightly embarrassed, but then noticed his cock. His rock hard cock that was straining against his underwear.

"This time, I'm going to take my time and enjoy you," he murmured in her ear. "I love seeing you like this."

His hands travelled down her neck, her shoulders, her arms and rested on her bare ass, which he pulled closer to him. The feel of his hard cock against her body made her moan in surprise. She pulled down his boxers and stared at his impressive member. It looked even bigger in the light of day, thick and engorged, with a perfectly-shaped mushroom tip. He looked at her as she looked at his cock. He loved seeing the desire in her eyes.

She got down on her knees. He moaned as he realized what she was doing. She gripped the base of his cock as she planted little kisses on his head and shaft. He moaned more loudly. His cock twitched in anticipation.

She swirled her tongue around the tip, sucking gently as she looked up at him. He stared back at her, his pupils dilated and his arousal apparent. He moaned again as she let out a deep breath. He put his hands in her hair and managed to resist the urge to push his cock deeper. She was teasing him, and he could hardly stand it.

Then she put her mouth around the tip of his cock and sucked gently at first, then increased her force and speed. She took more and more of his beautiful cock, until she had almost his entire length in her mouth. He groaned as she licked the vein under the head. 

And she looked at him the entire time. That was almost the best part, seeing the wanton desire in her eyes. It felt so... intimate. He tried to clear his head. This was just a blowjob. An amazing blowjob, yes. One of the best he'd had, yes. But he didn't need to get carried away.

"Donna," he said hoarsely. "Can I fuck your mouth?"

She pulled away and smiled. She had such a beautiful smile. Especially when it was in such close proximity to his dick. "Of course. Whatever gets you excited."

"Oh, I'm plenty excited," Chris replied in a low voice. "In fact, we're going to have to stop this soon so that I can thoroughly fuck you." She moaned, which made him smile. He loved pleasuring her.

He grabbed the back of her head, still making eye contact, and slowly pushed his cock into her mouth. He did it slowly at first, to make sure it wasn't too much for her. When her eyes started to water, he pulled away and slowed his pace. This was amazing. This was almost as good as fucking her. This was intimate. He could feel his emotions stirring, but decided not to fight them this time.

He pulled his cock out of her mouth. "Get on the bed," he ordered gruffly.

Donna smiled at him. "Yes, sir!" she said as she lay on the bed obediently.

At that, he let out a groan, his eyes full of desire. "What did you say?" he gasped.

"You heard me," she teased.

"What did you say?" he repeated, even more intensely. He looked almost angry.

She smiled. "I said, 'yes sir,'" her voice light and teasing. "You gave me an order, so that seemed like the right response." 

"It was," he replied, his voice hoarse and dripping with desire. 

"Tell me, Donna. Do you want to be dominated?"

"Yes," she replied breathlessly. "Yes, sir, I do." She looked him deep in the eyes.

"Do you want me to dominate you?" 

His eyes were full of animal desire. It was dark and deep and intense, and almost a little scary. He seemed like a different man, as if he were unleashing part of himself. A part he kept hidden.

"Yes, please. Please dominate me, sir."

With that, he quickly sprung on the bed and held her wrists. His cock was against her stomach, and he was gasping for breath.

"Do you want me to hold you down?" he asked, his voice thick and raspy.

"Yes, please."

"Do you want me to tie you up?" 

"Yes," she replied breathlessly. "I want you to tie me up and take me."

At this, Chris groaned. It was an animal groan, and Donna felt herself getting even wetter.

He looked around the room for something to tie her with. 

"I have a scarf in my bedroom. It's in the closet."

Chris quickly left to retrieve it. It was long, silky, and perfect for the task. 

He moved efficiently as he wrapped the scarf around her wrists and on the headboard. As he tied the knots, he checked to make sure they weren't too tight.

It was such a contrast, she thought. He touched her gently and made sure he didn't hurt her. And yet he wanted her tied on the bed, helpless. His for the taking. She moaned at the thought.

He stepped back to admire his handiwork. Donna looked beautiful. The bright blue scarf contrasted with her purple hair. Her skin was pale and smooth. Her nipples were tight and hard. He could smell her arousal. She was practically squirming on the bed.

He caught her looking at him and smiled. 

"You look beautiful. I just want to memorize this moment. You are so sexy and I can't wait to fuck you."

"Please fuck me, sir. I need to be fucked hard."

"I'm happy to oblige, ma'am," he said with a grin. He raked his fingers through her hair and kissed her deeply. 

And kissed her.

And kept kissing her. 

She was surprised. She expected him to ravish her, after the look she'd seen in his eyes. But he wanted to enjoy her slowly and memorize every minute of it.

After what seemed an eternity, his fingers were on her clit. He touched her slowly, teasing her. She bucked against her and pleaded with him to put his finger inside her.

He pulled away, teasing her more. "No, my dear, I decided how fast or slow this goes. And right now, I'm enjoying seeing you writhe and squirm. Too bad your hands are tied."

She groaned in frustration as he continued circling her clit. "That was a terrible pun."

"I know," he laughed. "But I'm not going to stop."

"Fuck," she moaned. "You're driving me crazy!"

"I'm driving you crazy, what?"

"You're driving me crazy, sir."

"Good girl," he replied and kissed her.

His fingers wandered around her pussy, stroking her clit with more and more pressure. He pushed a finger inside her and sighed at her wetness. He loved how turned on she was. He pushed it further and she moaned. Then, he added a finger and she squirmed in pleasure. 

"Harder," she instructed.

"That's not the right tone, my dear," he said as he pulled his finger out of her pussy. He slapped her lightly and she shuddered.

"Please, do it harder, sir," she panted.

At that, Chris inserted three fingers. She gasped in surprise and pleasure. He was careful not to hurt her, but increased his speed as she moaned and grabbed his arm. He curled his finger and gently stroked her g-spot. Then she cried out even more loudly than before. Chris grinned as he saw the pleasure on his face. It was so fun to make her cum.

Donna could barely think, she was in so much pleasure. She couldn't remember the last man whose touch was so... amazing. Chris knew exactly how and where to touch her. It was almost as if he were already familiar with her body. His touch was electric and intimate.

Chris increased his speed as Donna nearly screamed in pleasure. He was touching both her clit and g-spot, rhythmically increasing his speed. She bucked against him as an orgasm rolled through her.

"Good girl," Chris murmured, keeping his pace. "That was a nice orgasm. You needed that, didn't you? You've been under so much stress. You just needed to cum, baby girl."

Donna gasped as he shifted his hand. "Oh my god, I'm going to cum again," she stuttered. She writhed as she had a second orgasm.

"Very nice," Chris said as he kissed her deeply. He slowed his pace, not wanting to over-stimulate her. He rubbed her clit lightly with his thumb as she sighed in pleasure.

Donna couldn't believe what he had done to her. Most guys weren't able to make her cum, and certainly not more than once. Chris knew just what to do. She briefly wondered how many women he had slept with to be so skilled, but she tried to push the thought out of her mind. Was she getting jealous? 

Chris lay next to her and kissed her gently. "That was amazing, Donna. That was such an incredible thing to witness. It was beautiful and so fucking hot."

She smiled. "You're very good with your hands," she teased.

"I love touching you. You're so responsive," he replied. "It was fucking incredible. You came all over my fingers." He licked his index finger. "And you taste so good. Nice and sweet and musky."

His hands moved to her breasts and he rubbed her nipples lightly. "I love your body," he whispered in her ear.

Donna shivered. How was he this good? There must be something wrong with him.

Chris sensed that Donna was distracted. After her orgasm, she seemed to be lost in thought. She responded to him, but without the same enthusiasm as earlier. He'd just have to use sex to get her attention.

Chris positioned himself above Donna, looking her deeply in the eye. She saw lust and desire and... something else. Emotion? Affection? It was unreadable.

She smiled and let herself go. Now was not the time for thinking. Now was the time to focus on this beautiful, sexy man who was so wonderfully delicious in bed.

Chris smiled when he realized he now had her full attention. "I want you," he breathed. "Do you have another condom?"

"I have an IUD," she replied. "Have you been tested?"

"Yes, at my last physical. All clear," he replied.

"I'm good too," she said. "So, if you want, we can do without."

He let out an animal growl as he kissed her. "I can't wait to fuck you with my bare cock."

He kept kissing her as he slowly pushed into her. He was fully erect and her pussy felt so warm and tight. This time he could enjoy every sensation.

He increased his pace as he pumped into her. "You feel so fucking good," he breathed. "It's taking all my self-control to take my time."

Donna was too lost in pleasure to respond. She moaned with every thrust and savored his hardness and girth. He fit her perfectly. He was hitting both her clit and g-spot. She couldn't think.

Chris looked at Donna, lying on the bed moaning, her eyes lightly closed. He was suddenly taken with emotion at the sight of her. He cared about her. He cared about making her happy, making her feel pleasure, making her feel safe. The feeling terrified him, but he couldn't stop feeling it.

Her eyes fluttered open and she gave him a slow, pleased smile. He kissed her and plowed into her, hard. She cried out in pleasure as his cock pumped in and out of her. She tightened her vaginal muscles, making him grunt in pleasure.

"Oh fuck, you're amazing," Chris said, barely aware of his words. He could feel his orgasm building as he bucked against her. He couldn't remember the last time sex had felt so intense. It was almost surreal.

He yelled as he came, and she felt his hot seed spurt inside her. His whole body shuddered, and he grasped her body for support. 

Donna looked at him. She could see the pleasure on his face, his eyes shut and his mouth open. It felt so personal to see him this way. Then she realized he had seen her, and not once, but twice!

Chris fell on her, his arms no longer able to support him. He was breathing heavily, as if he had just been sprinting. 

After a minute he rolled over, looked at Donna, and grinned. "That was fucking amazing. Even better than last night, and last night was unbelievable."

He rubbed his beard. "I don't even know the last time I came that hard. It was almost unreal."

"I know what you mean," Donna said as she rested her head on his chest. "You do things to me that I didn't know were possible!"

Chris kissed her deeply, holding her head in his hands. He didn't want the moment to end.

* **

A few hours later, the call came. Dragos had signed a plea bargain! Donna would no longer need to testify, and she could go back home. She could hardly believe the news.

Part of her was disappointed. She would have to leave Chris. What would happen when they were back in the real world? She could still feel his touch on her body, his mouth on his lips. She feared it was all over.

Chris looked at her, his face blank. His reaction seemed to be thoroughly neutral. Maybe he didn't care one way or the other. They had had great sex, sure, but he had clearly slept with his share of women. He'd probably have a date within hours.

"Well, I guess you had better pack," Chris said. He tried to sound cheerful. He just seemed awkward.

Donna packed quickly, her emotions a whirl. It was just casual sex. His response made that crystal clear. How could she have thought it was anything more? Otherwise, he'd have said something about them going on a real date. Instead, he was distant, almost cold.

She sighed. She felt tears welling up in her eyes. How could she have gotten attached so quickly? She should have known better.

Chris sat on the couch, his mind a whirl. He thought they would be there a few more days, and they would have time to get to know each other. He would tell her why he was afraid to be in a relationship, and she would tell him that he could trust her. He wanted to trust her. She seemed like she would understand.

But now, they'd have to have the conversation early. Or would they? He didn't even know anymore.

He carried her suitcase to the SUV, and they drove back to her apartment. The conversation was stilted. Chris tried to be cheerful, but he was too distracted. He was probably being rude. He didn't know what to do.

Finally, they arrived at her building. Chris insisted on helping her with the suitcase. As soon as he placed it in the living room, he cleared his throat. 

"Alright, well, I'll let you relax and get some rest. I hope the whole ordeal wasn't too traumatic."

Donna looked at him, shocked and hurt. Ordeal? What about the sex? What about all the nice things he had said? What a fucking jackass.

"Alright then, I guess I'll see you," she said tightly.

"Yup. Take care," he replied, kissing her on the cheek. 

"Stay safe," he added, a distant look in his eyes. He walked out and didn't look back.

Donna held back a sob. She was right, he was too good to be true.