 "Good afternoon, Ma'am. Do you know why I pulled you over?" The cop was tall and lean and I have to admit that I was already turned on when he pulled me over. I could feel my pussy still pulsing, still wanting to cum. I had to hold it together. I didn't want to get a ticket.

"No, Sir. I have no idea."

"License and registration, please." He stretched his hand out for the documents and I tried my best to lean over and open the glove box without drawing attention to my bare pussy. I wasn't wearing panties and I had a purple dildo shoved deep inside of me where it was now resting and threatening to push out onto the seat right in front of the cop. I took careful care not to allow that to happen as I leaned over and gently opened the glove box. I began my search for my registration.

"It's in here somewhere," I said as I rifled around.

"Take your time. You were swerving quite a bit back there. I thought you might be drunk. What was going on in here?"

"I, um...I was looking for something," I lied. "I should have just pulled over and looked but I was...um...in a hurry. I'm so sorry officer. I'll never do it again. Oh, here! I found it!" I handed him the piece of paper and then grabbed my purse to get my license to hand to him as well.

"I'll be right back," he told me and I waited impatiently as he went to his vehicle to check and see if I was a criminal or not. As soon as he walked away I pulled the dildo from my pussy. It was sopping wet and I didn't want to just set it down on my seat or carpet. I had nothing to wipe it on and so I did what any slut would do. I shoved the dildo in my mouth to lick it clean. The taste of my own juices only made me hornier and I wanted to shove the dildo back into my pussy. It took every bit of strength within me not to do so. I held the dildo as the saliva dried and continued to look around for something to wrap the dildo in. I didn't want it to get gross. As soon as this cop was gone I planned to shove it back into my pussy and finish myself off.

I'd been so horny lately and I wasn't sure why. I wanted to fuck myself constantly and I guess I'd been giving in to those urges whenever I had a chance. It had gotten so bad that I couldn't even drive a car without fucking myself. How had things gotten this far?

"Okay, I just ran your license and registration and I'm going to need you to step out of the car. Wait. What is in your hand?" He pulled his gun from its holster and pointed it at me. "Wait. Is that a dildo? Hand it over," the cop stretched his hand out. I wanted to tell him that he didn't know where it had been but I didn't dare. I handed it to him and he shook his head in disgust. "So this is why you were swerving? You little slut! Get out of the car!"

"Okay," I opened the door, feeling the fear with his gun still trained on me.

"Stand facing the car, legs open, arms in the air. There you go," he praised me as I followed his directions. "Come on back here to the trunk," he commanded and I did as he asked. "Wow, you are a sexy woman, you know that right?"

"Thank you," I said, not knowing what else to say.

"Now bend over," he told me and I did as he asked. I knew he was going to fuck me even before he did it. We were in a pretty rural area and there wasn't anyone around. He lifted my skirt to see that I wasn't wearing panties and I'm sure when he saw how dripping wet my pussy was that he put two and two together. "You need to be fucked don't you, you slut?" 

I bristled a bit at being called a slut but I bent over the hood and waited for him to fill me with cock. He started with my dildo, shoving it roughly into my pussy with a sickening sigh of sadistic pleasure. He fucked me roughly with my own dildo and the way he was trying to hurt me only made me wetter. I moaned with pleasure.

"Oh, you're a twisted slut, aren't you? You like this?"

"Yes. Please. Give me your cock! I need it. I'm so horny."

"Yeah, I know. You were so horny you couldn't even drive without fucking yourself. You want this cock?"

"Yes, give me that hard cock!" I begged him. "I need it. I'm a slut!" I screamed. I hoped he understood and gave me what I needed. He pulled the dildo from me and presented it to my mouth.

"Suck your juices off of it while I fuck you, you slut!" I could feel his cock sliding slowly into me. It was much wider than the dildo and I loved the feeling of it stretching me out. I made a noise as it pushed deeper and the dildo went down my throat. I began to choke and I could hear the officer laughing a bit as he watched me try to take a cock down my throat and another in my pussy at the same time. He was gentle at first, but as he saw I could handle it, he got rougher and rougher until he was really pummeling me with his cock. 

"That's a good girl. Take that cop dick. Take my dick you little slut! Take it!" I was taking it and I was cumming hard. I couldn't seem to stop the orgasms. Him forcing me over the back of my own car, making me suck my own juices off of my dildo was too much. I couldn't stop cumming!

"You're nothing but a slut!" he screamed at me and my dildo dropped from my mouth as he reached for my hair. He pulled me back by the hair onto his cock. He was really hard now, his dick bigger than any other I had ever taken. I couldn't stop cumming and I could feel the spasms of my pussy as his cock pummeled me from behind. I was cumming so much that I didn't know if I could take anymore. I thought I might pass out from the pleasure and I felt weak. I collapsed onto the trunk of the car, unable to hold myself up anymore.

"Take it! Take it, slut!" The cop was slamming his cock into me harder than anyone had ever dared to fuck me. I could feel all the anger, resentment and pain that had built up inside of him as he fucked me. I was his punching bag, his whipping girl. I was supposed to just take it and so I did. I took it. I came again, unable to believe the number of orgasms one fuck could give me. "I'm gonna cum, slut! Stick your pussy out! I'm gonna cum up inside of you!"

I normally used condoms and so the sensation of his cum filling me was new and something that I would never forget. I could feel the violence from within him as he ejaculated into me. I could feel the warmth of his cum as it spread through my insides. He paused when he had finished and it took him a few moments to pull his cock out of me and then help me up from the trunk of my car. He helped me back to the driver's seat and he went back to the rear of the car to find my dildo, which had rolled onto the dirt.

"Your toy got a little dirty. I'm sorry."

"It's okay. That was really fun," I admitted. "Your cock is way better than this dildo."

"I'm happy to hear that. Your pussy was really good too."

"Should we meet up again sometime?" I asked him.

"That would be nice. You're from around here?"

"Yeah, not too far. Do you fuck all the women you pull over?" I asked, curiously.

"You're the first one I've ever done that to. Honestly, I saw the dildo in your pussy when I came to your window. I knew you were a slut when I saw that and I couldn't resist you. You're so fucking sexy. Can you, um, please not say anything about this to anyone? I could lose my job over something like this."

"I can keep quiet if you don't mind giving me some of that dick once in a while. Let me give you my number."

"Excellent. What are you doing tomorrow?" he asked as I programmed my number into his phone.

"I'm busy tomorrow but I'm free right now if you want to go again."

"That works."

"Can we do it in your cop car?" I was excited by this thought.

"Yeah, why not?" he laughed. "Just remind me to turn off the cameras before we do or my whole station will see."

"Okay," I giggled. I wasn't going to tell him what I was thinking. My mind had already drifted to fucking him in his cop car and leaving the cameras on. The thought of his whole station seeing him fuck me was a turn on. I wanted all the cops to know what a slut I was.