 When they remodeled their bathroom they intentionally built a walk-in shower. They large kind that requires no door. 

And they intentionally built the vanity with a view of the shower from the mirrors. 

And they intentionally built a padded bench at each end of the vanity. They did this for two reasons. They wanted a place to sit, like to put on or take off shoes. And if desired, they wanted a place to sit and watch the other shower.

None of this was done with raunchy or flashy or aggressive intent.

It was all done because they thought the other was attractive. And showering was an interesting and intimate thing to watch. 

On an otherwise uneventful Saturday afternoon she finds herself sitting and watching him shower. It's not voyeuristic in the least. They've been talking non-stop ever since he got home about a serious injury that happened at his work. 

She listens raptly. He tells and retells the story with skill. 

She certainly notices his naked body in all of its soapy glory, but this is not a sexual moment for her. For men in might be, but for most women it's not. 

He continues to tell the story as he dries off and as he steps up to the mirror to comb out his hair. 

She listens and she ask questions. He gives more details and he emphasizes key parts. 

And inadvertently her eyes land on his penis which is resting on the fake marble surface of the vanity. It registers oddly to her. Maybe it's the angle. Maybe it's just a new and wholly different way to see it. Maybe it's within the context of the intensity of the story. 

She doesn't know. 

But something had clicked. 

She's not a big fan of giving him oral sex. It's too connected with bad odors and impersonal, impetuous desires. 

But something odd clicked at that moment. 

Maybe because it was freshly washed and dried. Maybe because it's so near her and so empty of sexual intention. Maybe at that moment she saw it not as a thing of pee and sperm, but of beauty and desire. 

She doesn't know. 

But something did click. 

"Honey, come here."

"Huh?"

"Come here. Scoot over. Come here."

"Huh?"

She motions with her hand. 

"Why?"

"Just do it, please."

As he does she tells him to keep going, keep talking where you just left off."

In his mind he thinks she wants to see something on his legs or stomach or whatever. 

He is surprised when he gets within reach of her and she pulls his hips towards her. And far more surprised when she pulls his limp, clean penis into her mouth.

She sucks three times. Hard. He feels the pull. 

"Woh! What are you doing?"

"I don't know. Don't ask. Just keep talking."

He pauses a moment and takes in the sight. Which is really, really rare. And he takes in the feeling. Which is really, really, good. 

He begins again but he stumbles all over his words. 

"I don't know if I can keep talking."

"If you want this to continue. Talk."She laughs. 

So he does. 

And so does she. 

She's sucking his limp penis with force. She's pulling on it with her mouth. The tug is nothing he has ever felt before. He forces words from his mouth as he watches his wife.

She hears words, but they no longer really register. But hearing whatever she is hearing pushes her on. She still does not know why. But she does know she's enjoying. 

Now along with the sucking she pulls her head back each time. She feels the pull on his soft penis. He feels it too. But he is so distracted that he stops talking again.

She stops. Pulls her mouth off. And says sternly and playfully, "Keep. Talking. Don't. Stop."

And so he does.

And so she resumes.

She can feel him growing inside her mouth. She can't think of the last time he was in her mouth. And she can't really determine why it's happening now. Except it just seemed suddenly desirable. 

She sucks. He can feel it. And since he's growing he can hear the sucking sound. It helps her greatly that there is no odor and that he wasn't asking for it.

It just seemed fun at the moment to have him in her mouth. 

The feeling is odd, unlike any food. The feeling is odd because it's human flesh in your mouth. Men don't get that. We'll most men don't.

As it grows she sucks less. She feels less of a need to suck. And she doesn't feel a need to bring him to an orgasm. What she's now feeling is simply a desire to have him fully into her mouth. 

But it matters that he keeps talking, keeps telling the story, keeps emphasizing parts. And he does.

And she continues to bring him fully in and out of her mouth. She can feel him on the back of her throat. It's doesn't bring a gag reflex. But if fills her mouth. 

He tastes salty and soapy. His pubic hair scratches her nose. She doesn't emphasize the head of his penis at all, but she can feel it go over her lips. It's very soft.

She begins to feel a bit of sperm in her mouth. The taste and texture are unmistakeable. 

Long ago she unintentionally got a mouthful, a very full mouthful, of sperm. Everything was wrong about it. The guy, the place, the mood, the moment. She's never forgotten that moment.

She has no intention of getting a mouthful now, but she would like all this to last a bit longer. This time everything is right; the guy, the mood, the moment, and the place. She's enjoying it.

She doesn't mind the taste of sperm. Nor the texture. She finds both exotic. But in small doses.

She speeds up some. She doesn't know why. She'd been going slow. Speeding up seems right. 

It's turns a bit more sexual now. Probably speed. It doesn't turn her on, but it has that sexual, fun, sensual feeling. 

Her husband has stopped talking again. And that is okay. She's distracted too. She knows how it will end, and she senses it'll be sooner than later, but she hopes it lingers. It's been a long time since she felt the spontaneous desire to bring him into her mouth. She's enjoying it. She feels alive.

She feels his hip twist a bit. She knows it's coming soon. And just as she thinks that he pulls himself from her. With the force of a faucet he shoots a heavy stream just past her head and onto the wall.

He moans as he uses his hand to wring every ounce of pleasure from the moment. 

She watches. It's so close.

"Where'd that come from?" he asks.

"I have no idea. I just saw it as you were coming your hair out, and I wanted it."

As she finishes that sentence she takes him back into her mouth. She feels the urge to suck him while he is limp again. She sucks hard. He can feel his penis being pulled. She can feel him as she pulls on him. 

She hears him say, "We've got to do this more often."