 Peach Powell was 26 years old and was just beginning to get over her shyness. At 5'6" and weighing 300 pounds, she was a very big girl. She had been teased a lot about her weight and the size of her enormous breasts as she grew up. She developed early and filled out a 46HH bra by the time she was in high school. She had had the nicknames "Beach Ball" or "Beach Balls" since elementary school. That being said, she was extremely pretty. She had a beautiful face with flashing blue eyes and chubby cheeks, and a teensy little nose that upturned at the tip. Her hair was blond and slightly wavy, and it hung about her shoulders.

Peach had just started working at an important engineering firm as an executive secretary a month ago, a job her father had gotten her. Since she had recently established a "very special" working relationship with her boss, she found herself with all kinds of expensive new clothes, a new apartment, and as of last Friday, two days ago, she found herself the proud owner of a brand new Porsche 911 convertible.

Peach was now speeding down a highway in the Nevada desert, her black Porsche gleaming in the blazing sunshine. With the top down, her blond hair was blowing in the wind, swishing in front of her dark sunglasses and across her ruby red lips. A bead of sweat slid down her neck and soaked into her black tank top which strained to hold back her huge knockers. She adjusted her knee-length white skirt and pressed her black stiletto-heel shoe harder onto the accelerator. The engine growled in a satisfying way and a smile spread on her lips. The vibration of the engine and a light sense of boredom turned her thoughts to sex. A warm feeling in her belly spread down to her pussy, giving her a pleasant tingling sensation.

As she rounded a bend, a valley stretched before her, lined with billboards on either side. She wiped her hand across her forehead and stroked her hair back, savouring the sensation of the cool wind rushing past her. Her smile quickly faded into an expression of anguish as she saw a motorcycle quickly approaching in her rear-view mirror with red lights flashing. She frowned and blew a lock of hair out of her face as she braked and geared down, preparing to pull over.

She pulled her vehicle to the side of the road as the motorcycle closed, pulling up behind her. The trooper dismounted and parked his cycle, unbuckling his chinstrap on his helmet and removing his gloves. The trooper cut a handsome figure, tall and lean, with a sexy swagger which reminded her quickly of how horny she was feeling about 10 minutes before she was pulled over. Brightly polished leather boots shone in the sun and clicked against the pavement as the trooper approached. Almost involuntarily, she slid a hand in between her legs and gently squeezed her pussy as she reached over and grabbed her purse to retrieve her license.

A voice rumbled from behind the mirror-surfaces of state trooper sunglasses, "Hello there. Going a little fast around that corner, weren't you?"

She felt a flush pass through her and her voice said, "Yeah, but I can go way faster," before she had a chance to think.

His eyebrows raised and he fixed her with a stare. Just as she was beginning to think she had made a terrible mistake, a smirk crossed his face. "I'd love to see that some time," he said. "But I'm afraid today, I'm going to have to write you up a rather large ticket."

"Oh, officer," she began in a husky voice, "Isn't there anything I could do to change your mind?" 

A chuckle emitted from his throat as his smirk deepened.

"Not trying to bribe an officer of the law, are you?" he enquired. "You'll find a state trooper's integrity isn't for sale."

A grip of near terror seized her as she realized again the seriousness of her situation. She forced a smile and turned to him, trying not to show how scared she was. She was suddenly aware that her pussy was soaking wet and throbbing as she made a decision that terrified her even more. She quickly pulled her tank top underneath her left breast, exposing it fully to his view. The cool breeze chilled the dew of sweat on her naked boob, causing her to shiver and her nipples to harden like steel tips. She felt a dizziness wash over her as she was gripped in near panic, her twat pulsing and throbbing, not sure if she was about to cum or pass out.

It seemed like forever until he spoke. "Integrity can always be bartered for, however." His left hand reached over and bared her right tit. Her nipples seem to harden even more, almost painfully so, as his fingers gently traced the underside of her breasts, sending a deep warm thrill through her. The breath that she now realized she was holding came in a series of deep gasps and her pussy felt aflame, soaked and twitching. Her legs parted and her thighs flexed, her pelvis rocking back and forth gently as he kneaded her soft melons. "These are the best tits I've seen on this stretch of the highway or any other", he mused, then looked straight into her eyes as he removed his sunglasses.

"OK, here's the deal," he said plainly. He opened her door and reached down to her seat back release, dropping her back almost prone, coaxing a startled gasp from her lips. "You lie back there nicely and hold your tits together while I fuck them, and maybe we'll forget all about that heavy foot of yours. Sound good?"

"That sounds wonderful, officer!" she breathed, pulling her tank top off as her clit stiffened, the slightest friction from her skirt driving her mad with desire.

He unzipped his pants and pulled them down to the top of his thighs, revealing a rock-hard throbbing prick. "Squeeze those titties together," he ordered in a tight raspy voice. She did as he said, in a daze of lust, almost unable to comprehend what was happening. He spat on his cock and again into his hand, spreading his saliva in between her jugs. "Spit on my cock," he told her. Again, she did as he commanded, spattering his glistening shaft as he presented it in front of her face. She remained fixated on his pulsating rod as he slowly lowered it into her cleavage, swinging his leg over to straddle her chest.

He began slowly pumping his cock back and forth between her luscious mounds, the tip poking through right in front of her eyes at the pinnacle of each thrust. The sight excited her even more, her cunt clenching in time with each of his pelvic motions. His breath quickened with her heart rate, his fucking rhythm picking up pace. A low moan escaped her lips and her pussy began to sting and vibrate. She was sure that even without anything touching her snatch, she was about to orgasm!

He was now furiously humping her cleavage, sweat dripping from his forehead. "God damn!" he exclaimed. "These are the sexiest tits I've ever seen in my life! I'm gonna fuckin' cum!" 

"Yes!" she cried out. "Yes! Do it! Cum all over my titties!" She squeezed her jugs tight together, and he pulled his dick out from between them. A guttural cry tore from his throat and he started pounding his quivering dick. He leaned forward and his helmet fell off, bouncing off the car and clattering to the ground. A thick white strand of semen erupted from the end of his engorged red glans, spattering her right breast and on to her neck. A wail came from deep inside of her as at the sight, her cunt convulsed and contracted in the deep waves of an intense orgasm!

A long low groan came from him as his dick continued spewing out jet after jet of white hot sperm, coating her tits, her shoulders, her neck, her chin, and a couple of dots spraying onto her cheeks, her sunglasses, and into her hair.

She was sure she'd never seen so much cum in her life! His hand action on his cock slowed down, and he wrung the last couple of sticky lines of jizz onto her nipples, sighing contentedly as her own orgasm subsided. Incredibly, her pussy seemed even more sensitive and horny, dying for his touch, burning with hunger.

She lied there seemingly stunned as he dismounted her chest and stood beside her Porsche, hiking up and rebuckling his pants. "Well, we can definitely forget about that ticket!" he exclaimed, his legs still slightly wobbly beneath him. He regained his composure, gathering his helmet and putting it back on. "You just slow down there now, OK?" he said, rebuckling his helmet and redonning his gloves. "If I catch you speeding down this stretch of highway again I'm gonna have to strip search you, ya hear?"

A quiet "Mmm-hmm," is all she could manage as she felt a sticky glob of sperm drip off of her left tit onto her arm. Her right hand reached under her skirt and began to caress her clit as the sound of his boots trailed off into the distance. Her pussy rejoiced to her touch and her breathing quickened rapidly. She heard him start his motorcycle with a throaty rumble as she began frantically finger-fucking herself.

Within seconds, she was nearing another orgasm, gasping "Oh! Oh! Oh! OH! OH! OH! AHH! AHHHHH!!!!" howling out in abandon, her rapidly pistoning fingers making sloshing sounds in her soaking cunt!

Her entire body clenched and she screamed out in joy as a fantastic climax tore her from head to toe, causing her to thrash and buck in her seat, tears almost welling up in her eyes from the force of her release. Her breathing slowly returned to normal and she sighed deeply, slowly becoming aware of her surroundings once more.

Looking down at her breasts, she saw that she was utterly covered in his jism. A wave of contentment washed over her. Dimly, she was aware of the sound of a motorcycle engine trailing off in the distance.