 It was during a weekend family retreat. It was supposed to be a good chance for the N.C.Os (non commissioned officers), Officers and their immediate families to not only get to know one another, but take a time out from their daily lives and enjoy a bit of well deserved rest and recreation.

Saturday evening was a banquet. I somehow felt a little underdressed. I looked more like I was going to a Techno club rather than a stuffy military dinner. I wore a black velvet long sleeved, mini dress. It hugged every curve of my body, so that meant I couldn’t wear a bra. Like I needed to. My breasts are firm, perky and not the least bit too big or too small. Just enough and just perfect. The neckline was scooped low and bare, save for a few spaghetti straps leading up and joining at the base of my neck. One could say it looked like a Cleopatra cut.  I wore a very thin black string thong and matching mesh stay up stockings. My shoes were black and the PCV shined. The high heels made my legs look simply endless and just as tall as my husband. Much to the chagrin of the other women there, my husband was proud to show me off. I met his CO, Hauptmann (Captain) Kunz. As we shook hands, he gave me the once over with those steel-grey-blue eyes of his. My heart fluttered. I could almost imagine him stripping me with his eyes. His large hand pumped mine firmly. His face was simply handsome. He was so dapper in his black slacks and grey uniform jacket.

Dinner went as usual. I sat there with the NCOs and their wives hearing boring speech after speech. Then the men ushered themselves off to another conference room to watch Full Metal Jacket in original wide screen English and I was left in a room full of clucking hens.

“This just sucks.” I said to myself as I immediately left the room. I made my way to the hotel bar and made my entrance in the quietly, dimmed bar. The bartender cast me a casual glance and then resumed wiping dry a champagne flute in his hand. I licked my lips. Fresh game, I thought. But there was a good chance, that when he got off duty then the movie would be over. I scanned the bar for a more accommodating time killing partner, and then I saw Hauptmann Kunz sitting alone on the other side of the bar.

I casually walked over. “Good evening, Hauptmann.” I said.

He looked up, surprised. “Jane. You’re not sitting with the other women?”

“You’re not with the other men.” I replied.  “I thought that all soldiers were war movie freaks.”

“I’ve seen the movie a million times before.” He chuckled to himself.

“And I don’t consider a baby a fashion accessory.” I bluntly said.

He chuckled at my remark and motioned for me to sit next to him with a gallant wave of his large, sexy hand. “Can I buy you a drink?” He asked politely.

I climbed up on the bar stool next to him. The bartender came by, almost tripping and dropping the glass in his hand. “Bloody Caesar, please.”

The Hauptmann nodded. The bartender returned with my drink.

“Where is Lisa?” I casually asked. “I thought she would be here. We’re the only two with something in common.”

The Hauptmann looked away and then down into his brandy glass. “We broke up.”

“I’m sorry, I didn’t know.”

“I thought you knew. The whole company knows.” He growled.

Hearing the tone in his voice, I chose my next words carefully as I crossed my legs daintily. I saw his eyes shift nervously at my movement. “Hauptmann, I am somewhat of an outsider. No body tells me anything.”  I took a sip from my Caesar. 

The Hauptmann sighed heavily. I had hit a nerve. From the rumours I heard, Lisa had dumped him cold and hard. He waved the bartender over and shoved a 10 Euro bill in his hand. “For the drinks.” He said. “Have a good evening, Jane.” Then he was gone.

As I watched him go, I wondered if I had said something wrong. But one thing was sure, I was doomed to waste a cool Saturday night doing jack all! So I finished my drink and made my way back to my hotel room.

Just as I slipped the chip card through the door to allow me access, I heard heavy footsteps, muffled by the plush carpet, coming closer and closer towards me.

“Jane.’ Said a voice.

I jumped. I wasn’t expecting anyone who knew me to be here. I looked up. “Hauptmann.” I nodded politely. 

He stood there proudly before me at attention. “I want to apologise for my attitude in the bar.”

“Such outbursts are so unbecoming of an Officer.” I replied curtly as I cocked my head over to once side, discriminatingly.

“You’re right.” He looked down at his shoes. They were polished to a high shine but not shiny enough to look up my dress, for he took a step closer to me. “And just to prove that I can be a gentleman, I want to ask if you will join me for a champagne?”

I knew where this was going. The electricity was there, I could feel it. “Sure then.” He then offered me his arm and we walked down the quiet, carpeted hallway to his room at the end of the hall. He slipped his chip card in the door and we entered his room.

He had a suite to himself! We were directly in the living room part of his room. On the coffee table situated across from the black leather couch was a silver ice bucket with a large green bottle protruding out of it. In front of it were two glasses. So he had planned this all along? I thought.

“Make yourself comfortable.” He motioned to the sofa.

“That’s a pretty loaded request.” I smiled as I sat down daintily on the leather sofa and crossed my legs, Sharon Stone style.

He looked at me, stunned. At my remark or at my actions, I will never know.

“I’m not your typical, average, sergeants wife you know.” I said. “Just because I’m married doesn’t mean I’m dead.”

As he sat next to me, his gaze scanned me with the complete accuracy of a Hauptmann on inspection. Complete, intense, as if he was looking for some irregularity. But I was confidant that he wouldn’t find any. When his eyes rested on the swell of my breasts I could see his hands form tight fists on his lap as if he was trying to fight what he was feeling. His eyes, however, gave away any sense of control he had left. His gaze pierced through my velvet dress. I could feel my nipples harden at the thought of his large hands, kneading my breasts. “Are you nervous?” I asked nonchalantly.

He didn’t answer. His gaze wandered lower to the hem of my dress, and being the little cock tease that I am, I crossed my legs again, allowing him a teasing hint of the lace tops of my mesh stockings. I could hear his breathing get harder, sharper. A quick glance at his groin told me that his cock was all ready for its assignment. I licked my red rouged lips. I was proud of my results. I was married and I still had ‘it’ and here was the Hauptmann – the commanding officer of my husband - and he wanted it!

I suddenly straddled his lap and his fists clasped my hips possessively. His palms slid the hem line of my dress up to my waist. His mouth widened and then watered at the sight of my mesh panties, barely covering my pussy which I had waxed bare save for a thin column of neatly trimmed hair up the middle. Our eyes met. I teasingly raised a perfectly arched eyebrow.

“To think that one of my best Sergeants has you in his bed.” He finally managed to say. 

My eyes never left his as I reached behind my neck and started to unzip my dress. I had gotten halfway when I felt his fingers take over. Then he lifted my dress up over my torso and then let it drop carelessly to the floor. Immediately, he took one of my cherry nipples between his sensual lips, making me shudder as he whipped it into tautness. I could feel already my pussy starting to cream with want for him. My fingers buried themselves into his dark brown hair. My head rolled back as I pushed more of my breast against his face. “Hauptmann.” I breathed.

“Mark.” He bit down on my nipple, making me yelp. “My name is Mark.”

“Mark.” I sighed. Testing his name on my lips. “Oh, yeah, Mark.”

As he started his assault on my other breast, I could feel his fingers push aside the thin fabric of my panties and press against the lips of my pussy, and then slip themselves deep within my now drenched slit. His long, thick fingers probed in and out of my pussy. I groaned approvingly as his thumb rubbed my clit furiously. “Come, Jane. That’s a direct order.” He said with such authority that I held onto his shoulders for support and bounced up and down on his strong hand.

“Mark! Oh yes, Mark!” My breasts were bouncing in his face as I grinded myself harder against his hand as my orgasm tore through my body.  My love juice was just oozing from his fingers and dripping down onto his black uniform slacks. I could feel his other hand resting against the lower curve of my back, counterbalancing me.

I fell forward and rested my head against his shoulder. His cologne was very mild and pleasing. My heart was racing, my breathing rabid. My orgasm had taken whatever strength I had left. I never had such an orgasm. Not even from my dear husband.

“You’re not finished yet, Jane.” Mark clasped my hair and forced me to face him. His face was hard, serious. He licked his fingers clean from my juices and smiled devilishly. Then he was all serious again. “On your knees.” He commanded.

As if I was under the hypnotic gaze of a cobra, and that the slightest abrupt movement would cost me my life, I slowly sank down from his lap and knelt between his knees. I could see clearly that I had stained his slacks with my cum.

“Suck my cock!” he commanded.

I reached cautiously for his belt and undid it. With slow deliberation, and wanting to try his patience, I slowly unzipped his slacks and his cock sprang out menacingly from under his boxers. I was breathless in awe. Compared to my past lovers, his penis was indeed large. So perfect, smooth, long and thick. The shaft was peach in colour and it’s bulbous head was purple and already there was a tear of desire emitting from the tip. More than willing to follow the Hauptmann’s orders, I gently took the tip between my lips and I licked greedily the pre-cum that emanated from it.

I heard Mark groan and his hands clasped the sides of my head, forcing more of his cock into my mouth. “Take it all.” He said between breaths as my tongue slapped and stroked his hard flesh. “Oh God!” His head rolled backwards against the sofa. His hips bucked against my face. Clasping his tight balls in my hand, I kneaded them with the same aggression as he did with my breasts. With my other hand, I stroked that sensitive spot between his sack and anus, daringly pressing against his puckered hole.


His grip on my head became harder, more forceful. “Stop, baby. That’s too good, I’m going to cum.”

I stopped and he lifted my head off his cock. My jaw did start to hurt so I was somewhat relieved that he had ordered me to stop. As I faced him, I felt some more pre-cum dribble down the corner of my mouth. Like a greedy cat before a bowl of milk, I licked up the stray stream of sperm and I straddled him again. I started with the buttons of his jacket and then his shirt. “Fuck me, Mark. I want to feel your cock inside of me. I want you to cum in me.”

My words fuelled his desires and motivated him even more. He stripped off his uniform jacket and shirt. My hands wandered across the flat, hairless, toned plane of his chest, savouring the soft, smooth hardness of his body against my fingertips. I wanted him to crush me under him. I wanted to feel my breasts being flattened against him. My hands daringly wandered down to the nest of curls of his groin. God he was magnificent! I thought as I held onto his broad shoulders. The lips of my labia rubbed teasingly against the head of his cock. He groaned. The mutual touch of our sexes almost sent me over the edge. I wanted to impale myself on his magnificent piece of meat.

“Kiss me, Mark.” I said, this time commanding him.

Clasping the hair at the back of my head, he pulled my face against his and we kissed with the intensity of an unquenchable fire. Our tongues fighting for control as our lips hungrily sucked and tasted. My pussy still hovering over his mighty cock. A moan escaped my throat as I felt it prodding against my swollen clit. “I want it, now.” I squirmed over his erection. I wanted to impale myself on it, but the way he was holding me prevented that.

“Not here.” He managed to say between breathes.

Our kiss stopped and he slowly stood up and he scooped me up in his arms. He carried me into his bedroom and tenderly lay me down on the double futon bed. As I lay on my back, I parted my legs invitingly. He slipped his hands up the sides of my panties, and gently pulled them down. “Take me, Mark. I will never be more ready for you.” I sighed as my back arched towards him.

“Perfectly shaved,” he mused as his hand rubbed my mons veneris. “Naked save for stockings and high stiletto heels.” His middle finger dipped into my slit causing me to cry out. I watched him as he quickly pulled out and licked his finger. My head sank back onto the pillows.

“Oh Mark.” I squirmed.

Then his hands pushed my thighs further apart and then his head sank between them. The lapping of his hot tongue against my clit was enough to send me over the edge again. My hips rocked against his face as his tongue then wandered lower to my labia. I screamed the moment his tongue slipped into me. I tried to capture his tongue within my sheath, but he was so stealth.

“That’s it, baby.” He kissed the lips of my labia as if they were the lips of my face and his tongue darted deep within my sheath. “Mmmm. You taste good.”

“Mark! Mark! Mark! Oh, Hauptmann Kunz, fuck me now!” I begged.

He stopped and rose himself off of me. His muscular arms planted themselves on either side of my head as he hovered over me. “I want to hear you scream when I force my cock deep inside of you.”

I nodded obediently. I concluded that his fingering and oral caress was to determine if I could handle such a mighty piece of flesh. I noticed that he was still wearing his slacks. With quick thinking and initiative, I pulled up my legs and slipped the heels of my shoes in his belt loops. I slid his pants down for him. I heard his shoes drop noisily to the floor and the light rustle of his slacks following suit. I did the same with his boxers.

“You little minx!” he growled approvingly.

The second his boxers hit the floor, he had my legs over his shoulders. With him above me, I could see his penis dripping with pre-cum. My heart raced. This was the moment I had been waiting for, the moment I had dreamed about. My breathing was sharply paced. “Hauptmann, I need you now.” My own voice was raw with passion.

His eyes regarded mine. It was not demanding, serious or even sadistic, but sensitive. It was as almost he was concerned about hurting me. His cock slipped against my clit a few times, causing my hips to rise and rock into a rhythm. I mean, I’ve had other men, but none so magnificently large as the Hauptmann. I knew his penetration would be painful.

I sighed as the tip of his penis finally found its goal and I screamed blue murder as he slowly pushed his way through my slit, filling me completely and at the same time, tearing me apart. My hips bucked out of rhythm and then he released my legs and rested his full weight on me. The muscles of my hot cunt clamping down on him, trying to press him out. I clawed at his back, drawing blood.

“Easy baby.” He breathed in my ear. “God, you are so tight! Oh, mmmm.”

The pain of his intrusion subsided and I started our rhythmic dance. We rolled to the center of the bed and I was on top. I bounced eagerly upon his cock, screaming my approval, screaming for more. His eyes rolled into the back of his head as I grinded his entire length in me. His hands clawed the cheeks of my ass. I hovered over him and he suckled on my breasts, nibbling, biting. My fingers got lost in his mass of brown hair. “Mark, you are so good.”

He flipped us over and I was on my back again. He knelt before my open thighs and locked the back of my knees in the nooks of his elbows. His cock, now drenched with my juices and his pre-cum, entered me with all the passion of a man possessed. He shafted my sweet shaved pussy hard. It was like he was tearing my tiny pussy into shreds. My sex was officially drawn and quartered by his pounding. The sound of our combined wetness filled our ears with savage lust. Our bodies were drenched in eachother’s sweat.

“Mark, don’t stop!” I screamed. “I’m coming!” I could feel that familiar rising from deep within my pussy. My back arched to him.

The Hauptmann’s breathing became quicker, harder and stressed and I knew he was almost there with me. The muscles of his entire body tensed and the moment his cock expanded deep within my tightness, he screamed my name, filling me up with hot jets of cum. I shot up like firework and saw stars as he pounded into me harder, bringing me over the top again and again. My slit was on fire. I screamed a long and guttural cry of his name, begging him for more and not to stop, but his erection was melting as the last drop of his love jam had left his body.

He fell on top of me, almost passing out. The blood from his cock rushing back into his head. He panted through parted lips against the nook of my neck and shoulder. “Jane.” He gasped.

“Mark.” I replied as I massaged the tense muscles of his back. Our bodies spasmed against the feeling of each other.

When our breathing and heart rates had returned to normal, our eyes met. I was comforted to see him smile at me. “Why did you have to get married to him?” he asked. “You’re the only girl I know who can handle my cock?”

“Is that why she left?” I asked cautiously as I left feathered kisses across his handsome face. I mean, why beat around the bush? (mind the pun) I like an honest man.

Mark looked away and nodded. “That’s why they all left.” His voice betrayed his thoughts and for a moment I felt sorry for him. A man blessed with such a fine penis should not be cursed to live a life of loneliness.

“You know, as much as I would like it to, but we can’t go on like this when we get back.” I said caressing his cheek.

“I know.” He sighed as he captured my hand in his. “But I will find a way.” His gaze became quite serious. “We both know it is against the code on honour, but this will be our secret. This is only between you and me. No strings, no guilt. I don’t want to ever hurt you, Jane.”

“The movie won’t be over for another 2 hours.” I smiled. “We can have some more fun if you like.” My thigh wrapped itself around his waist.

Mark rolled onto his back and laughed. “What did we come in here for anyway....Ah, the champagne...” He got up from the bed and disappeared into the living room, returning with the bottle and two glasses. “Then after our little drink,” he paused for effect. “We’ll play it by ear.”

I licked my lips, knowing that the next 2 hours in the Hauptmann’s company were going to be nothing but mega sexual ecstasy bliss....