 I had just finished my evening work out and had to cross the weight room to get to the showers. My body was glistening and slick with sweat so I grabbed a towel from the rack. About that time, I realized that I wasn't alone in the room. I turned and locked gazes with the one person I had been hoping not to see. To be honest, I wanted to see him, but not when I was hot and sweaty. Even in office attire, he was sinful to look at. To see him in nothing but shorts was… well… breathtaking. 

I don't really remember when I first started noticing him. I had been aware of him for months, but it was in the most general sense…another presence in the room, nothing more. We would pass each other in the gym and on the street. He wasn't incredibly handsome, but carried himself with such confidence that my eyes were always drawn to him. I began to see him at my other haunts – the bookstore and my favorite pizza place. He never seemed to pay much attention to me, never even seemed to look my way, which gave me many opportunities to watch him. He moved with the grace and athleticism of a cat stalking its prey. He had a physique that was impressive without being overdone. I never had the courage to speak to him, but I could see the gleam of intelligence in his eyes. I knew we were members of the same gym, but didn't see him there often. My hours were irregular to say the least, so I was surprised when I saw him that evening.

It looked as if he had just finished working out as well because he was headed right for the towel rack, and me. I was frozen in place and could do nothing but stare at him as he approached. I felt like a deer in headlights as he got closer, and he never took his eyes from mine. He walked up and reached around me with both arms and grabbed the towel that was behind me. He kept the towel wrapped around me and pulled me toward him until I was up against his body. I looked up in surprise and caught my breath when I saw the predatory gleam in his eyes. He never said a word, just leaned down and kissed me. It started as a soft kiss, a gentle brush of the lips, feather-soft against me. That little kiss was enough to make me lean into him and run my hands up his chest and around his neck, begging for more. 

He backed me up against the wall by the towel rack and proceeded to seduce me with kisses. Hard, demanding kisses with his body pressed against mine, his tongue probing my mouth and teasing my lips. Soft, feathery kisses and nibbles down my neck and to my chest. He had one hand on the back of my head, wrapped in my hair and the other hand was trailing up and down the side of my body, caressing my waist and hip. I was lost in his kisses and the smell of this hot, sweaty, sexy male. I wanted to feel his skin on mine and I was arching my hips and breasts toward him, wanting his tongue to tease my nipple the way it had teased my mouth. He took a deep breath and pulled away from me for a moment, leaving me stunned and shaken. 

It only took a moment for him to glance around the gym, acknowledge that it was empty and then walk over and lock the door. When he turned back to me, it was with a smile that promised satisfaction. He grabbed my hand and pulled me down so I was straddling him as he sat on one of the weight benches. He started in with those incredible kisses again and his hands were slowly coaxing my tank top up. He pulled away long enough to pull the tank top off over my head and then dove right back in, plundering my mouth and using his fingers to tease my nipples until they were hard peaks. He wrapped his hands around my waist as he kissed his way down my neck and shoulders to my chest. I leaned back and he took one nipple into his mouth. His tongue flicked across the tip and sensations rocketed down my body. I thrust my hips against him and could feel his hot, thick shaft pressing against my thin gym shorts. I started rocking against him and could hear him growl his approval. He shifted and moved to the other nipple and started working his magic on that side. The kisses and nibbles and flicks of the tongue were making me moan and strain against him. I wanted more of him. He slowly lowered me backward so that I was lying down on the weight bench and he pulled back enough so that he could slide my shorts down my legs. 

I took advantage of the moment when he turned to drop my shorts on the floor and I slid out from under him. When he turned back to me, I was on my knees in front of him, wearing nothing but a lacy thong and I was tugging his shorts down. He made that growling noise again and put his hand in my hair to guide me to what I wanted. I teased his cock with kisses the way he had teased my mouth and nipples. I caressed his skin, appreciating the soft, silky texture of his shaft, rubbing my hands and face against him. Kisses and nibbles along the insides of his thighs, running my tongue along his sack, gently lifting and sucking as he groaned in pleasure. I ran hot, demanding kisses up and down the length of his shaft, then long slow licks around the tip until he was tight with tension. I licked the pre-com from the tip of his cock then I wrapped my lips around him and took him deep into my mouth. I could feel his hands running through my hair as I sucked and licked his cock. He was lifting his hips and thrusting into my face as I slid him in and out of my mouth. 

I knew he was watching me, watching his cock move between my lips. I glanced up at him, and the look of pleasure on his face was enough to make me moan. I knew he was on the verge of exploding so I quickened the pace. He fisted his hands in my hair and groaned with pleasure as I swallowed the jet of cum that shot into my mouth. His body was trembling with aftershocks as I continued to lick and suck on his cock after he came. He looked down and smiled at me the way a wolf would smile at its next meal. 

He lifted me up onto my toes and shattered me with another kiss. With one hand, he slid my thong off my hips and it slipped to the floor. His fingers separated me and probed the aching wetness between my legs. He was kissing and nibbling on my neck as he worked his fingers into me. His thumb was caressing my clit and sending jolts of pleasure through my body. He managed to guide me back to the weight bench and stretched me out along its length. He knelt at the end of the bench, spread my legs wide and dove in with his tongue. He slipped his fingers back inside my slit and used his mouth to lick and suck my clit until I was arching my hips against him and demanding that he fuck me. I wasn't satisfied with his fingers and tongue; I wanted his thick, hard cock in my pussy. He made that sexy growling noise and slipped his fingers out of me. He kissed his way back up my belly and breasts, pausing to suck on my nipples until I was writhing against him. Then he grabbed my hips and slid his cock inside me. I could only moan my appreciation as he pumped his hips against mine. 

With every thrust, he managed to grind against me and bring me closer to the edge. I was rocking my hips against him and could feel every inch of his long, thick cock inside me. His hands were tight on my hips as he rode me until I was screaming with my orgasm racking through my body. When he felt me cum, he leaned down and thoroughly kissed me, then flipped me over and entered me from behind. I braced myself against the weight bench and he started pounding into me again. He was fucking me hard and fast and it only took a few minutes before he was pumping his cum inside me. He leaned down and started nuzzling my neck while we both recovered. Then he pulled me upright and guided me towards the showers.

I wondered for a moment if I was going to shower alone, but he never took his hand from my arm as he turned on the water and stepped into the spray. He pulled me into the warm, soothing water and started running his hands up and down my body. I leaned back and let the water cascade down my hair, feeling all the sweat and exhaustion slip away. He covered my body with soap, exploring every curve with his hands and mouth as he washed me. I was overwhelmed with the sensations of the water spraying against my skin and his hands and mouth softly caressing me. He turned me so I was facing into the water and slipped his fingers back inside me. With the other hand, he held me open so the water was spraying directly against my clit. He was kissing and sucking on my neck and shoulders, marking me as his when I shuddered to another climax. I collapsed back against him, my pussy still clenched around his fingers. He made that incredible sexy growl again and gave a low laugh along with it. Then he turned me around to face him, lifted my fact and devoured me with another kiss. He reached around, turned off the water and pulled me out of the shower. He grabbed some towels, wrapping one around me and using another to dry himself, stopping to touch and gaze at me as I dried myself. He gave me that wolf grin again and said, "Be here tomorrow because we need to try out the climbing wall."