 A few years ago, I started talking to this girl online. Her name was Toni, and she lived and went to school in Utah. Mormon country. Toni was not your typical little Mormon girl, though. Oh no. What first started out as just idle conversation soon turned into a full-on cyber relationship, complete with webcam shows, e-mail exchanges, and AIM cybersex.

Toni was a wild child when it came to sex. Being raised Mormon, Toni didn't necessarily agree with all the rules and restrictions, and it wasn't long before she was breaking them. By the time she and I started talking, she was 19, and had already been a part of threesomes, had affairs with married men, and tried out a variety of fetishes including bondage, roleplay, and more.

Underneath that, all, Toni and I had a deeper connection. We had both gone through a lot in the past, and that was how we were first able to connect. We understood the darkness and pain that each other had gone through, and that made our relationship that much more intense. Because, and we talked about this often, there were times when the darkness would creep in at the edges and all you really wanted to do was find the nearest warm body around and fuck the sadness and pain away.

So that's what we did online. In addition to providing emotional support, we provided each other with physical release. It probably helped too that we both had gargantuan libidos. If you couldn't figure it out before, Toni is a sex maniac. I found myself getting jealous sometimes about how casually she would have sex with someone. But at the same time, I found myself stroking off to her stories of picking up older men at the store and fucking them in their cars, or how she would find some kid studying in the library and climb under his study desk and suck him off.

We had talked for a long time about one day visiting each other. It hadn't happened, mostly due to the fact that we both ended up in relationships, so when one of us really needed the other, there wasn't really much time to spend together. But, as fate would have it, we finally got our chance last month.

Toni had just finished her junior semester at college, and I had just finished a year of teaching as an associate professor of English at my college. She had some free time between classes, and asked if I wouldn't mind coming out and keeping her company. I had just ended a long-term relationship, and had been dating a little in the meantime, but I decided to put all that aside, and put aside my summer research for a couple of weeks, and hop a plane to Utah.

So, in what seemed like no time at all, I was landing on the tarmac at Salt Lake City. When I'd gotten all my stuff, deboarded, and headed out into the terminal baggage claim area, it didn't take long for me to spot Toni. There she was, exactly as I knew her. She was taller than most women I knew, about 5'8 or 5'9", a fact that she said sometime intimidated guys. I liked it because it gave her a confidence and power that made me want her all the more. She had blonde, curly hair, and her face was dotted with piercings. She had piercings in other places too, but I wouldn't be seeing those yet.

Toni rushed over to me, and without preamble closed her mouth against mind, shoving her tongue into my mouth and moaning into my lips. I dropped my bags to the floor, paying no attention to the herds of people around us, and wrapped my arms around her. I pulled her to me, feeling her B-cup breasts press against my shirt, and letting her feel my hardening dick press against the fabric of her skirt. She pressed herself harder into it, and slowly pulled her mouth from mine.

She looked into my eyes, saying matter-of-factly, "Should we go do something about that?"

"Yes, please." I smiled. Toni reached down to pick up one of my fallen bags, and together we walked hand in hand through the terminal out into the parking structure. Toni led me to her car, and popped the trunk for me to throw my things inside. After I shoved my suitcases away, Toni slammed the trunk closed and kissed me furiously again. She even hopped up onto me, forcing me to hold her butt to keep her from falling even as she wrapped her legs around me.

We stood there for a few minutes, making out, breathing and sighing against each other. Her kisses were overpowering. They were sloppy and eager, and they reminded me of making out with girls back when I was in high school. I couldn't believe it, really, that I was standing there with her, finally having her in my arms.

Toni finally lowered herself off of me, and I held her tight, feeling her body slide down the front of me again, pressing against my dick. "You've got me so hard," I grimaced.

"Yeah? Well, let's do something about that."

Toni unlocked her car with her keychain button, and we got in the front seat. Before I had a chance to buckle in, though, Toni was climbing over into the passenger seat, straddling my lap. "Here?" I asked, a little surprised.

"You don't really expect me to wait, do you?" She reached down and unfastened my pants, deftly undoing the button on my boxers and grabbing hold of my cock, freeing it. She adjusted herself, licking the palm of one of her hands to get it wet, reaching down and swirling the spit over my dick. With one hand, Toni hiked up her skirt a bit, and with the other, she guided my aching dick up inside of her.

"Oh Jesus!" I screamed.

"Unn," she groaned, already moving up and down along my shaft.

"You didn't even wear panties?" I asked bemused.

"I told you I couldn't wait to have you inside of me."

Toni was moaning now, and the car was rocking with the effort that she was putting into humping my shaft. Her hair kept getting in my face, and we both started panting. My legs trembled, my feet kicking against the floorboard a little bit. Her pussy was milking me as she was riding me. I could feel it tense and pull at my dick, trying to pull me farther inside. Years of practice had made Toni a sex expert, and I was reaping the benefits.

"Oh fuck," she moaned. "Oh fucking God." She was really panting now. I could start to smell the scent of sweat and precum in the car. I could smell her pussy too, even as my dick throbbed and ached, my hips lifting into her as she thrusts along my shaft. "Fucking cum in me. Now," she urged. She gripped hold of my shirt, holding my dick up inside of her, squeezing it with her pussy lips.

I gritted my teeth, grabbing her sides, helping her move along my dick. My arms were sweating, and I grunted with the effort of moving her as fast as I needed to, but I began to feel my dick start to harden even more, the tingling in the base of it building, signaling I was ready to cum.

"Do it," she urged. With a final couple of thrusts, I felt my hips buck against her, and shoot loads of cum up inside of her. "Oh God!" She screamed, and I could feel her pussy milking my dick, trying to get all of the cum out. At the same time, I felt her shudder, and her pussy began to pulse against my dick. I felt hot liquid seeping out of her into my lap, and I knew she was coming. Her eyes were shut, and her body was trembling.

We stayed like that, her body trembling, for a few moments. Then, she collapsed against me. She spat out strands of her hair, resting her head against my shoulder. I could still feel her massaging my dick, but now I could also feel how soaked my boxers and pants were with our juices.

"Sorry about the mess," she breathed. "We'll get you home and out of those clothes in no time."

"I like the sound of that," I smiled, turning my head to kiss her forehead.

"I knew you would."

We sat there for a few more minutes, recovering our breath. Then, quietly, Toni pulled herself off of my dick, opened the passenger side door, and got out of the car. A couple was walking by, and she said hi casually before opening the driver door and hopping in the car.

"I wonder if anyone noticed," I commented.

"Maybe," she smiled. "I wouldn't mind."

"I know you wouldn't," I laughed. "I guess I wouldn't either."

"Oh, really?" She smiled big as she turned the car on and started to back out. "You like being an exhibitionist, huh?"

"Well, maybe," I replied.

"Well, put that on the list of things to do while you're here then."

"You're the only thing on my list to do while I'm here."

She looked at me directly. "Good. Then you'll get your fill. I'm going to make up for lost time."

The drive to Toni's apartment wasn't long. It felt like eternity, though, especially when Toni pulled my hand over and shoved it up under her skirt to have me start fingering and rubbing her. The car ending up swerving a couple of times as her legs quaked with orgasm, but she was able to keep control. It was all very exciting anyway. The intensity, and the sheer hunger that we had for each other.

We arrived at her apartment, and she reminded me to put my dick back in my pants before getting out of the car. I did, and made an effort of untucking my shirt to try and cover up what was left of the wet spot from before. We unloaded and headed inside. 

"My roommate Caitlen is at work, so you have time to shower if you want to."

"How about a quickie?" I asked.

"Sure," she commented, dropping her keys on the table. "No problem."

Toni then took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom where she pushed me down onto the bed, undressed me, and then had her way with me again. Toni was even louder and fiercer than in the car, and she didn't even care when we heard the door open and Caitlen announce that she had returned home. Instead, Toni burst into a screaming orgasm, and she ran her hands and nails over my chest as she ground her pussy against my dick. After several more minutes, Toni climbed off me, put on her panties and a t-shirt, and opened the doorway to head out into the hall.

Scared of my nakedness, I quickly put on my boxers, pants, and shirt again, and walked out into the hall. Caitlen was getting something to drink from the refrigerator, and she looked over at me.

"Hi," I said. "I'm Eric. Toni's friend."

"Yeah," she replied. "I could hear you guys when I came home."

I didn't know quite what to say. "I'm sorry—" I began.

"No, it's fine. You're not the first guy she's brought home to fuck." I couldn't tell what Caitlen's mood was. She seemed so nonchalant, but at the same time, there wasn't any real anger or animosity in her voice. "I would offer to shake your hand," she smiled, "but you should probably wash it first." She laughed, and walked away with her drink into her own bedroom, pulling the door closed behind her.

By the time I had time to think of Toni again, I could hear the shower running, and Toni came out into the hallway naked. "Come on," she motioned, and I followed her into the shower.

I won't lie and say we had a quick shower and then left the apartment for a while to avoid the awkwardness. Instead, Toni seemed to revel in making things unbearable, and she ended up begging me to ass fuck her in the shower. When I couldn't resist, she was screaming loudly as I rammed my dick up her asshole. What should have been a shower, turned into a wet, slippery, hour-long fuck fest. About 40 minutes into it, I heard the door shut as Caitlen left.

I commented, "Doesn't your roommate mind?"

Toni ground against my dick, tightening her asshole a little bit. "Nah. She and her boyfriend are just as loud. It's like a competition. We see who can be the loudest sometimes."

We finished up in the shower, and went to Toni's room to get dressed. As I gathered my things, Toni stood naked in front of her closet mirror, brushing her hair. I could see all of those piercings now. Nose, lips, tongue, eyebrow, ears, nipples, and yes, clit. Toni also had a couple of tattoos, one on her ankle, and one on her left shoulder.

"You're my hardcore punk princess, you know." She looked back and smiled at me.

"So you like?" She waggled her butt at me.

"You bet."

"Good." She went back to finishing her hair, and started to get dressed. "Before we do anything else, I have some quick shopping to do." She pulled on a t-shirt over her breasts, no bra. "I hope that's okay. I just have to get some things."

"That's fine," I reassured, standing up, dressed and ready to go.

"Cool."

In a while we were on our way to the mall. I was a little worried at first. I didn't really want to spend hours wandering from store to store in the mall while she did her shopping. But, luckily, it didn't turn out to be that bad.

When we arrived, we got out of the car and Toni took my hand and led me inside. As soon as we entered, I could see men everywhere looking at her. I don't know why I noticed it, maybe because I was looking at her too and didn't want to share her with anyone. I could see why they were looking at her too. Her tight little t-shirt was showing the rigid, pierced nipples of her breasts sticking through proudly. Though her tits were small, they were still perfect and amazing. And I could see high school guys, married men, and even store clerks taking peaks at her as we walked by. In a way, it made me feel proud.

Toni led me straight to Hot Topic, which is the alternative/punk/goth store in a lot of American malls. "What do you need here?" I asked.

"Well," she started, leading me to the back wall. "Do you remember how you promised that one day you'd by me a pair of 'fuck me boots?'"

I grinned, looking up at the wall and the wide selection of trendy, goth-punk footwear.

"Well, today you're going to buy me a pair," she turned to face me, "and you're going to take me home and fuck me in them."

A mom and her younger daughter looked over as Toni said that, and I smiled, a bit embarrassed.

In a little bit, Toni had picked out a few pairs to try on, and had also picked out a couple of other things, skirts and tops, to try on. We found one of the workers who opened up the dressing room for us.

If you've never been to a Hot Topic, the dressing room is in the back of the store usually, covered with a red velvet curtain. It's usually chained shut, so you have to ask someone with a key to come by. Normally, it's only supposed to be the person trying things on that goes inside, but as soon as the clerk was walking away, Toni dragged me into the room and pulled shut the curtain.

Toni kicked off her shoes, and I watched as she began to undress and redress in a variety of outfits. All the while, my dick grew hard, and she made an effort of flaunting herself in front of me. Finally, it came down to a couple of pairs of boots. She had already decided on a short, and I mean really short, plaid skirt, and she had that on now. The choices were between some boots that looked essentially the same, but one pair went up to her knees, the other went only about half as far.

"I don't know. You look sexy in both of pairs."

"Hmm," she mused. "Then I guess we'll just have to try them."

Toni quietly pulled down her white panties, stepping out of them and tossing them into the corner of the dressing room. Then, tight shirt, pierced nipples, plaid skirt, and black leather boots intact, she walked over and knelt in front of me, undoing my pants and pulling my pants and boxers down to my ankles. Just as deliberately, she stood up, straddled me again, and guided my dick up inside of her.

It popped inside of her, and she let out a little moan. This time she was being quiet. She didn't want us to get kicked out, that's for sure. But that didn't slow her down. Again she was grinding along my dick, and she even leaned forward to lick and nibble my ear, and bite my neck.

The feel of her hot breath against my skin, and her teeth pulling at me, made me long for her more. I reached up and slid my hands under the back of her shirt, digging my nails into her back. It only made Toni wilder. She was a glutton for pain, and her winces were tinted with moans, and she leaned back, tossing her head back too as she fucked me.

"Mam, are you almost done in there?" It was one of the clerks asking.

"Mmm hmm," Toni replied.

"Thanks," the clerk responded and walked away.

Toni slammed herself along me now. And I watched her body move, watched how her tits jiggled, watched how her boots contrasted against her pale skin, and how the fabric of her plaid skirt looked spread open over my crotch. And I came. I came hard. I bit my own lip to keep from letting out a sound. Toni wasn't so successful. She made a loud, swallowing gasp, and then began to slow her thrusts on my dick.

After a few moments she stopped moving, and now it was her turn to bite her lip. She took a few deep breaths, then lowered her head to look at me. "I like having your cum inside of me." She squeezed me again.

"Oh God," I whispered.

Toni climbed off of me slowly, and my dick felt cold in the air, exposed in the dressing room. Quietly I stood up and pulled my pants and boxers back on. "We only got to try one pair," I mentioned.

"Then let's buy both. We can try them out at home." Toni didn't bother putting on her panties, I noticed. She also didn't bother taking off the skirt. Instead, she pulled off all the price tags and walked up to the counter. "All of this, please." She smiled over at me. I walked up next to her, and saw how the cashier took glimpses at Toni's breasts, and how she looked him straight in the eyes, even as she reached her hand over to grab my crotch. I responded by reaching a hand over to run my fingers along her naked pussy lips. Toni looked at me, blinking slowly, and we finished paying and walked away.

"Now where?" I asked.

"Well," she smirked, "you've been a bad boy. I think you should go to my room."

We both smiled at each other, and walked quickly to Toni's car.

And that was just the beginning of my stay with Toni. Maybe I'll write more of it later. Believe me, there's a lot more to tell. About all the sex in public we had, about how she paid another girl to fuck me, how we had a threesome with her roommate Caitlen, and more.

It was a dream come true. Well, a lot of dreams come true. A lot of fantasies. Maybe I'll find time to tell them all.