 He was just shutting the station down when he heard her pull up and stop her car at the pump.

He locked the door and shut down the lights. He heard her car door slam.

She leaned against the trunk of her car, arms crossed, and waited.

He walked over. 

It was the height of summer and the humidity had not dropped despite it being close to midnight.

He stood in front of her. The distant streetlights faintly illuminated her. She was wearing a short white sundress and a pair of sandals. 

"Hi," he said, smiling.

"Hi," she said, not smiling.

"What's wrong?" he asked.

"Have fun last night?" she asked.

Sigh. Here we go again, he thought.

"It wasn't bad," he said, trying to concentrate but also wondering if she was wearing anything under her dress. From what he could see, it didn't appear to be much.

"No?" she said.

"Did you have fun making a scene with that girl in the middle of the bar?" she said.

"Oh, come on. Your gossipy girlfriends making up stories about me again?" he said, smiling.

He tried to reach for her, and she pushed his arms away, giving him a better look at the dress. And what she wasn't wearing.

She felt his eyes on her. It was so important for him to want her right this second. She wanted to rub it in his face. But feeling his eyes on her was also a distraction. 

"So you're saying you weren't dancing with a girl last night?" she asked.

"Ok...ok...I did DANCE with a girl, maybe I got a little flirty...but that is IT," he said.

"Yeah, yeah, I'm sure that is it,' she said.

He smiled at her still, maddeningly.

"Don't you have anything else you want to say?" she said.

"Hmm. Well, yes," he said.

"Are you wearing anything under that dress?" he said.

A jolt of heat went through her despite herself, and before she could turn he caught it in her eye.

"Damnit!" she said, turning around.

"Come on, baby," he said.

"Don't be mad," he said, smiling.

"Just leave me alone!" she said.

"So you came all the way out here just to tease me in that dress and you're going to leave now?" he said.

"No," she said.

"I need gas first," she said.

He laughed.

"And you need me to pump it?" he said.

"Fuck no, I'm going to do it myself," she said.

He laughed again.

"Ok, let's see this," he said, leaning back against the pump, arms crossed.

"Don't watch me!" she said.

"Oh, I wouldn't miss it for the world," he said. 

"Go ahead," he said.

She popped open the tank cover and reached in for the gas cap.

She turned it the wrong way, making a grinding sound. And turned it. And turned it.

"Ughhhh, why won't this OPEN?" she said.

He moved behind her, leaning against her back, and wrapped his left arm around her waist. He moved his right hand over hers on the gas cap.

"Because you're turning it the wrong way," he whispered in her ear.

"Don't," she whispered, making a faint move to push his left arm off.

"Let me teach you...you like when I teach you things...," he whispered.

He gently twisted open the gas cap with her hand under his, moving his left hand to her hip, pushing against her ass.

He took her hand and put it on the pump, under his, pulled it out, hit the button to start it with his elbow, and their hands together slowly slid the nozzle into her gas tank. She caught her breath.

He moved his finger over hers to start the pump. They felt the gas flow together. 

"There we go...see, that wasn't so hard...was it?" he whispered.

She leaned her head back against his shoulder. He buried his mouth in her neck as she lifted her left arm up and over to hook around his neck.

He could see straight down the front of her dress now and she was not wearing a bra under it. They let go of the forgotten gas pump.

He had to find out the rest. He moved his left hand down as he pushed his hardening cock against her and reached down to her bare thigh.

"You know why all your bitchy girlfriends love to cause trouble between us, right?" he whispered.

"Because they are just so jealous of how good it is. How good you get it," he whispered, his fingers teasing, touching, moving up...up...

She felt herself giving in to it and stopped, suddenly.

She turned and pushed him backward.

"No! The reason they keep telling me things is because you keep giving them material!" she said.

"You want me," he said, smiling.

"Maybe! But you do not get to fuck me tonight. You don't deserve it!" she said.

"No? And why not?" he asked, his eyes still moving over her dress.

"Because you don't deserve it," she said, quietly.

"You're still mad, eh?" he said. His amusement was infuriating. He had this look on his face like he knew he was going to win, no matter what. And it was that sneaking suspicion that he was right that made her all the more determined.

"YES, I am still mad," she said.

"So slap me, then," he said.

"Don't tempt me," she said.

"DO it," he said.

She did it.

Hard. 

"Ohhh yeah," he said.

"That felt good, didn't it..." he whispered.

"Yeah...," she said. "Yeah, it really did."

"Do it again," he said.

She slapped him across the face, hard.

He rubbed it.

"Still mad?" he whispered.

"No," she said.

And she wasn't. 

Her dress strap had slipped off on one side and she made no move to fix it. She wanted it off. She wanted his mouth, his hands all over her. 

He saw it in her eyes.

He moved against her, pushing her into the side of the car.

He opened her mouth with his and found her tongue with his, wider, deeper, hotter. His hands moved under the hem of her dress and up until he found her naked ass. 

"Oh...yeah," he whispered into her mouth.

"You're right, I don't deserve it...," he whispered.

"So how about you let me earn it instead," he whispered, moving slowly down to one knee, then the other.

She gasped.

"NO! Someone might see!" she said, looking around.

"The lights are off, and you think I give a fuck?" he smiled up at her. 

"If someone sees they can thank me after," he said.

She laughed but it caught in her throat as he moved his head under the short hem of her dress and buried his mouth in her soaking wet pussy.

Her fingers found his hair and she buried them in it tightly, gasping. His tongue was wild and hungry, his mouth working her hard and eager. He moved her left leg over his shoulder and worked his tongue deeper, deeper, finding her clit and relentlessly teasing it with his hot, wet tongue. Without warning he slid two fingers slowly inside her and moved them fast, and hard, in and out, in and out, in and out, and he heard her breathing short and raspy.

He heard and felt her cum at the same time, sweet and delicious, and he worked her harder, wanted more. 

She finally pulled at him, back up to stand in front of her.

"I can't breathe," she whispered.

It was so hot - they were both wet with sweat. He grabbed his bottle of water from the top of the pump and poured some on himself and over her, over the top of her dress, making it wet and transparent, her hard nipples pressed against the fabric.

He worked her wet nipples through the scratchy fabric with his fingers and found one with his mouth, making her back arch into him. He worked her nipple hard and fast with his tongue, making her gasp and shake. He lifted her up and onto the hood of the car, still working her with his mouth.

He pulled his mouth away, grabbing her hips in his hands. 

"Do I deserve it now?" he asked, looking into her eyes.

"Fuck yeah," she whispered.

"Hmmm, are you sure?" he whispered.

She leaned up to look directly into his eyes. She ran her fingers through his hair, and in the moment of heat and silence, slapped him across the face one more time. 

He was so turned on.

"You might not. But I do," she said, smiling. 

He laughed.

"You want it?" he asked.

"FUCK yes," she said.

"What if people see?" he said, smiling.

She sat up, facing him, working on his pants.

"I don't give a fuck. Just fuck me," she whispered, looking deeply into his eyes.

"Oh...all right...if you insist," he whispered, smiling.

His hands tightened on her hips and thrust himself hard, and deep inside her.

Her back arched high in the air, dress half way down, nipples hard, hands in hair.

He thrusted hard and deep, pounding her, over and over, not slowing, not stopping, harder, getting harder, unable to stop.

"Fuck yeah, harder, oh God, harder," she whispered.

He fucked her harder now, so hard, harder than he'd ever fucked anyone in his life, watching her cum over and over, and over.

"Cum for me," she whispered.

"Oh yeah?" he said, stopping.

"YEAH," she said.

"Now?" he said.

"Right now," she said.

"Get fucking ready," he whispered.

He finished - hard and fast, so good. So hot. So relentless.

She lifted herself up to wrap her arms around him, still on the hood of her car.

After a few minutes of them just breathing, he looked down at her and lifted her face to his.

"You know, you're right - THAT? That is exactly what you deserve," he whispered, smiling.

"In fact," he said, bringing his hand back and playfully smacking her ass, "you might deserve a little more, even." 

She laughed quietly, and closed her eyes, leaning against his chest - the thumping of his heart the only soft sound she could hear in the early summer morning.