 I follow you to our seats toward the back of the plane and hand you my carry on luggage to stow in the overhead bin. We settle into our cramped quarters and get comfortable, well, as comfortable as you can get in an airplane seat. There's a bit of bumping and shoulder knocking as we straighten seatbelts and get out our in-flight entertainment. For you, a book and for me, an ipod complete with a pair of gigantic headphones. Yes, I'm that person on the plane with the full size headphones. Then I focus on the air conditioning. I waste too much time and energy making sure the air is blowing on me at just the right angle and just the right intensity. Bemused, you watch me sit down and lean back, put my hand up to test the air and then reach up to adjust the settings at least five times. 

"Comfortable?" you ask with a wry smile.

"Almost," I grin, "Give me a sec and it will be perfect."

Shaking your head, you pull out a book and start to read and I put on my headphones, turn on my music and watch the hustle bustle of travelers going about their preflight routines. Leaning over, I nip your neck and suck gently. Flicking my tongue in the indentation behind your ear I lick slowly, suck, nibble and then blow warm, wet breath while my tongue taps against your skin. I can feel goosebumps rising on your arm below my fingers. Air hisses between your teeth as you inhale and your fingers intertwine tightly with mine. "More," you exhale slowly. 

"More what, lover?" I tease while tracing your ear with my tongue. A low growl escapes from your throat. "Hmmm, baby? What was that you said?" I murmur.

"Tease." you whisper behind clenched teeth. 

Even though I know you can't see, I bat my eyes demurely and gasp in mock indignation (in a very passable Southern accent, by the way) "Why, what ever you mean, lover?" Reaching over with my other hand, I stroke my fingers rhythmically against the back of your hand in time with the tap, tap, tapping of my tongue on your skin. 

You turn your head to look into my eyes, "I mean you're a tease...a good one, but still a tease. We both know this isn't going anywhere today." You turn back and lean your head against the headrest.

"What does that mean?" I sputter, pulling back to glare at your profile.

Without opening your eyes, you say, "You and I both know you'll be asleep, pressed against that window in about five minutes flat. But go ahead do your teasing...thing." Opening one eye you glance down at your watch, "You have about four and a half minutes." Then you close your eye again.

I'm almost stunned to silence. Almost. "What makes you so sure I'm not going to follow through?" I whisper tartly. 

You smile, eyes still closed, "Dear, how many flights have we taken together?"

"I don't know. A lot?"

"And what usually happens as soon as you get settled into your seat, play with the air conditioner and put on those massively embarrassing headphones?"

"I fall asleep" I admit.

"How quickly would you say?" I can hear you smiling.

Begrudgingly I whisper, "In about five minutes."

"I'm sorry, I didn't hear that. What did you say?" you needle.

"In about FIVE minutes." I reply tersely. 

You smile, "That's what makes me so sure." Then you lean over kiss my cheek and turn back to your book.

I try again, "But what if today was going to be different?"

"Sweetheart, it's ok. Even if you weren't going to fall asleep two seconds after your seatbelt fastens, you wouldn't get much farther. You have great ideas, really you do. You just don't always..." you hesitate, "follow through."

"But, I was going to...." Just then the flight attendants came by to check seat belts and do the safety protocol. I listened because ok, you were right...normally I'd be sleeping by now. It was fascinating to learn that my seat cushion could be used as a floatation device in case of a water landing. If A. I survived a water crash landing and B. sharks didn't eat me first, yes, it was reassuring to know that I could float in the ocean on my seat cushion. 

After the flight attendants finished, I started thinking about what you said. And I realized you were right, again. We had been discussing the idea of taking risks in public for months. We even managed to get pretty hot and heavy in the movie theater a few weeks ago. Until someone sat down a few rows behind us and totally freaked me out. You kept reassuring me there was no way that guy would know that your hand was under my skirt, buried in my panties, rubbing my clit and finger fucking me. But I was convinced he could see me shaking and breathing heavily and somehow knew that I wasthisclose to coming right there in front of him and I made you stop. 

Or the time we were in my car, at the park just after dusk. I was kneeling between your legs giving you one hell of a blow job until I saw other headlights reflecting on our windshield as they left the park. Realistically, there was no way they could see the nitty gritty details, especially since we were in the back seat and my windows were tinted, but I just couldn't finish there. 

And the day we were swimming in the lake, hidden in a coved area. We were in chest deep water, you were behind me with your hands in my suit, pinching my nipples. Sure I wanted you badly. I wanted you to fuck me from behind while we were hanging onto our floaty noodles, but there were too many people on the beach who would know exactly what we were doing. 

I rested my head back against the seat and realized with horror and a little bit of shame that I was a Class A Tease. Granted, I wasn't teasing you for fun, this certainly hasn't been a power play, and I know you understood that but I suddenly felt awful about the interruptions you've been experiencing lately. 

I've definitely come to terms with the fact that I'm not a risk taker at heart. I mean, my idea of taking risks is buying a bag of cherries having only tasted one. (Ok, or two. Three at the most.) Which made me pretty damn proud of my steps into exhibitionism but I'm ashamed to say that I never really thought about the impact my chickening out had on you. 

While I was mid-thought, our plane started to taxi to the runway. I'm not afraid to fly, I love it actually, but during take offs and landings I always reach for your hand. I like to squeeze it as the plane leaves the ground. It makes me feel safe and secure. We hold hands for a few minutes after take off and then I fidget in my seat trying to get as comfortable as possible. Turning around, I rest my head on your shoulder and wrap my arms around your right arm. You kiss my forehead as I whisper, "I love you." 

We settle in like this for a bit while I look around. Our plane is divided into two columns with 3 seats in each row. This flight was about three quarters full. An older woman was in the seat next to you, and there was one open seat across the aisle. The seats in front and behind us were mostly filled with an empty seat here and there. The bathrooms were about eleven rows behind us and the emergency exit rows were three in front of us. 

I snuggle closer to you and kiss your cheek. "Honey?" I say quietly.

"Hmm? Yes, baby?"

"I've been thinking about what you said earlier and you're right. I'm sorry I've been teasing you in a bad way all this time."

You turn to look at me and I see love, respect and understanding emanating from your eyes. 

"Sweetheart, it's really ok. I know you're trying to stretch your boundaries and I'd never push you beyond your comfort level. I didn't mean to make you feel badly."

"I know you didn't, but it still stung a little," I reply.

"The truth often does, lover. Would you want me to lie to you?" you ask.

Shaking my head vehemently I say, "Never. I always want you to be honest." Biting my lower lip, I continue, "So tell me honestly, do you think I'll always be bad with the follow through?"

You kiss me, "I don't. I just think you're fighting this too hard," you say as you tap my forehead gently. "You have the desire, the thoughts, the want, the need, you just let your brain have too much to say about it."

One of my hands slides from your arm to your thigh and I rest it there, caressing your leg almost unconsciously. A thought forms in my mind. A plan to push some boundaries and maybe, just maybe put a crack in my Class A Tease reputation.

I don't want to spend too much time plotting details because then it would seem too rehearsed or planned. I just needed some time to visualize in my head what I wanted to happen. Whether or not it actually progresses that way doesn't matter, but I like to have a plan in mind. I mentally thanked myself for packing a shawl. I get cold easily and like to have something to snuggle under. Another plus was that you and I both prefer comfort over fashion any day. Our travel clothes were lightweight, comfortable and most importantly, loose. 

I nuzzle into your shoulder and burrow closer to you. I spread my shawl out covering both of us from mid torso to just above our knees. Kissing your neck again I work up to your ear. "Lover, how long is this flight?"

"Just under 2 more hours," you say, as you turn to kiss me. Your tongue licks the edges of my lips. I sigh because you know how much I love that. 

"So maybe about an hour and a half until we have to prepare for landing?" I ask between kisses. I pull your tongue into my mouth and suck it gently. Your hand slips beneath my shirt and rests just under my breasts. I feel your fingertips tracing the bottom edge of my bra. 

You nod. "Yes, you'll have enough time for a good, long nap." 

I look at you expecting to see some kind of mocking smile or accusation in your eyes, but there is none. You genuinely hope I do have a good nap. 

I drag my lips back to your ear and whisper, 

"That's great, but I'm not going to take a nap today."

"Why not? Are you going to read instead?"

I smile in a wickedly innocent way, "Nope. I'm going to spend the next ninety minutes driving you so crazy you'll be out of your mind with desire." As I am saying this, I slide the hand that's been on your thigh a little closer to the junction of your legs. I squeeze your thigh gently and let my fingers brush against your cock and you start to harden. 

"Mmmmm. I like." 

"You're gonna more than like by the time we land," I grin. I see you glance at the woman next to you and then back at me. 

"What about our company?" you ask nodding in her direction. 

I think for a moment. "I'll let you decide how to deal with that problem." You place both of your hands on top of the shawl and rest them just above your stomach. 

"Fair enough. Am I allowed to do anything?"

I shake my head. "You're going to have enough trouble controlling yourself so I'll let you off the hook now. Besides, I'm looking forward to reaping the benefits in our own bed when we get home tonight." I wink saucily at you.

While I'm keen on pushing the boundaries, I really don't want to get arrested for lewd and lascivious behavior on an airplane, so I make a few adjustments to our surroundings. I prop up a small pillow on your side between you and your neighbor to hide a little of the under-the-shawl action and thankfully we're on a night flight so the lights are already low. Most of the people around us are sleeping, watching the in-flight movie or listening to music.

We kiss again. There's an edge of suspense, spontaneity and something almost pleasurably dangerous lingering just below the surface. I drape myself as close to you as possible and rest my head against your shoulder. My lips are lined up perfectly with your ear. To anyone passing by, it would appear that I had fallen asleep curled up on your shoulder. "Baby, have I told you how hot our experiments have been? Even if they haven't been a success, I get incredibly turned on by them," I whisper as I gently lick the edges of your ear. My hand is still resting on your thigh and I start caressing it slowly. "Do you want me to touch you, love? Want me to run my hand over your leg from knee to hip?" 

"Mmmmm" you nod.

"Like this?" My fingers spread out, covering most of the width of your thigh and I press my fingers firmly into your skin massaging rhythmically over the length of your upper leg. The tips of my fingers tickle your kneecap and I feel your leg jerk. On my stroke back up to your hip, my thumb grazes your erection and you sigh. I ignore your sigh and repeat the massaging caress a few more times. Each time I slide my fingers closer to your cock but not quite touching. I can tell you're anticipating a more intimate touch. "I told you baby, we have a lot of time ahead of us. Just be patient and trust me, ok?" 

You tilt your head towards mine and murmur, "Always, lover." I love that you trust me enough to be open and willing to try my crazy ideas. You settle back into your seat and close your eyes. You still have both hands on your stomach but you move one of them to rest on top of my hand and you follow along it's trail from your hip to knee. I like the feel of your hand laying on mine; warm, comforting, strong. After a few moments, you start pressing down as I get closer to your erection. I slide my hand a little closer to make more contact and I feel you relax even more and move your hand back to your stomach. I pick up the pace, rubbing your leg a little faster and with more varying pressure. I'm alternating timing so you never know how long I'm going to linger in one place. 

"Want to know one of my favorite words?" I ask you 

softly.

"Tell me"

I slip my tongue behind your ear and lick that area lightly. "Linger. It has such a lovely connotation. The word reminds me of things I want to make last. A piece of good chocolate. Mornings with you, café de olla and the crossword puzzle, a beautiful sunset, a perfectly roasted marshmallow. The exquisite climb to orgasm. I think that climb is the best part. Sure the ending is spectacular, but the journey there is more important to me. I like feeling like I'm dangling over that edge just waiting for a light push." As I say this, I grip you in my hand and continue the slow stroking. "I want to linger over this. For you, but also for me. I want to slowly erase everything from your mind except for me, my hand and how badly you want me to make you come. You'll forget that we're on a plane and that we're not in our bed about to make love all night. But you'll have to remember that you have people very closely around you, that you can't cry out in that soft growl that I love so much. Remember that you won't be able to talk to me and tell me to suck harder or stroke faster. I want that feeling to linger. Do you want that too, baby?" You nod, seemingly unable to speak.

I nip your earlobe and nuzzle your neck. "I want to feel you in my hand. Not through your shorts. I want to touch your skin with my fingertips. Is that ok, love, can I touch your hard cock?" You nod again with a smile because this is another game we play. You never ask me to talk dirty to you, but you love it when I do. I slide up to your waistband and slip my hand underneath it and feel how warm your body is. I wiggle my hand down so it's on top of your boxer shorts. "Mmmmm. Easy access. Many thanks, darling. I'll be able to touch you so very soon. God, I love how hot you are already." 

I flatten my hand and rub your cock with my whole hand. When I reach the head of your penis, I wrap my hand over it and let it slide through my fingers. I feel your hips move with my stoking. 

"I feel my panties starting to get wet. I really want to touch myself too and feel us both getting wetter and hotter, but I'm going to wait. You have all of my attention. Well, at least this does," I say as I tap my fingers against your cock. "Should I baby? Should I tug you out of your boxers so our skin can touch? I want to feel you pulsing in my palm." You shudder with pleasure. "Kiss me baby. Kiss me while I stroke your cock." 

You turn to kiss me while I reach inside your boxers and slowly pull you out. I moan in your mouth as I feel the moisture leaking from the tip. I use my fingertips to rub it gently all around the head of your cock. Now you moan softly. "Like that, do you baby? I like knowing that you're already so turned on." You growl softly and bite my lower lip. I smile and I know you feel it. I press my tongue against your lips to break our connection. "You want to be inside me right now, don't you? Making love in the dark." I ask softly. 

"Very much. This is beyond hot"

"Good."

Time passes as I stroke you with ever changing pressure and speed. Sometimes it's a fast hard stroke followed by a few slow ones. We are silent, each lost in our own fantasy world. Once in a while I suck your ear or kiss your neck. 

I still have my fingers wrapped around your cock when our flight attendant comes by with the drink cart. I close my eyes pretending I'm sleeping and I whisper in your ear, "Order me a ginger ale please." Wrapping my hand around the head of your cock, I use my fingertips to twist and tug it. "Baby, this makes me so fucking hot, thinking about you putting your fingers inside me, slipping around in my wetness. I want to come." I sigh, licking your ear. "Talk to her, while I'm stroking you slowly, whispering naughty things in your ear. 

You swallow hard. "I'm not so sure I can be coherent right now," you mutter.

"Make small talk. You're so good at that." I urge. 

"Ginger ale," you say to her as she takes your drink order.

"Ask her about the weather," I tease.

You take a deep breath as I lightly stroke the underside of your cock. "Can you tell me what the weather is supposed to be like when we land?" You ask.

"That's good baby. Feel my fingers? Imagine it's my tongue now, hot and wet and licking you right here." I pull some of the moisture leaking from your cock and rub it on that sweet spot. "God, I want to suck you so hard. Pull you inside my mouth so you can feel my tongue and cheeks and lips holding you in place. Run my tongue up and down you like a popsicle." 

You cough. I'm not sure if it's to cover a moan or if I just really surprised you. Either way, I like it. A lot.

You continue speaking to her, "So it's supposed to be hot?"

"Mmmm. Good baby. Yes, I bet it's gonna be hot tonight. Wet too. Sticky even. I'm dying to make you come right now while she's standing there. Can you ask for some pretzels or cookies?" I increase the speed of my stroking. I know exactly how hard and fast I need to stroke to make you come and I know you're damn close. I can see sweat starting to bead on your upper lip and you are concentrating on maintaining control. "Come on baby, I want you to come in my hand, right now." I stroke faster and I can feel you tensing up. I see your hand flexing and releasing on your other leg as you squirm in your seat. The flight attendant reaches over with the cup of ginger ale and you have to raise your hand to take it. I stroke you faster, squeezing from bottom to tip. You have an agonized look on your face as you reach out to take the cup.

"Sir, is something wrong?" the flight attendant asks. 

While I'm stroking you, I'm sliding my tongue in and out of your ear. "So fucking hot lover," I say, "Are you close baby?"

"Yessss....I mean no. I'm ok. I just have a...," you pause to breathe, fighting for control, "a leg cramp," you finish weakly.

"Ok, if you need to get up to take a walk, feel free," she says as she moves her cart to the next row. You take a sip of the ginger ale to hide the fact that you can't speak and just nod in her direction.

"Come on baby. Can you come for me?" I urge as I employ my secret weapon, the twisty stroke all the way up and then down. Loose grip, fast speed and a twist in the middle. 

"Uh huh," you groan. I stroke faster. "God baby, I'm so close. I'm gonna come," you hiss. Your hips start pumping and I can feel you straining against my hand. You lean your head back and close your eyes. I quickly slide my hand down to the base of your cock and squeeze hard. 
