 The afternoon started out like every other Thursday. Kate jogged from one station to the next on the trail through the apartment complex where she lived. This was her Tuesday/Thursday route and she bent to retie her shoe before continuing around the curve of building 2330 and to the push up station. 

She hated push ups. Jogging in place, she contemplated the sign showing their suggested method. She usually just used the grass for 20 push ups. The complex provided a wide wooden bench with a metal bar about a foot above the sign end of the bench. Evidently she was supposed to grasp the bar and kneel on the bench, then lift and lower herself suspended in thin air. She snorted. Like that was going to happen. She was safer on the grass.

It was the moan that caught her attention first. A deep groan, from a guy. She tilted her head to peer behind the sign. There was an apartment with the screen open on their slider. Another moan. She wondered if someone was sick. She cautiously stepped up to the half-wall surrounding the small patio area. Peeking in the door, she first saw the TV screen and her mouth fell open.

On screen, a woman was sucking the biggest, darkest cock she'd ever seen. A shudder went though her as the woman nearly swallowed it whole and Kate's throat caught imagining how it would feel. She shifted closer and saw the man on the couch. He wore a tee and jeans, but his fly was open and his hand was pumping his cock to the same rhythm as the woman on the TV. Her core tightened and she shivered again, feeling wetness between her thighs. He groaned, his hand moving a bit faster and her mouth went dry. Her hand slid unconsciously down her stomach and under the waist of her shorts.

"I don't think that's an approved exercise." The male voice behind her had her squeaking and spinning around. A tall blond stood leaning on the push-up sign. 

"I...He...I..." The words just wouldn't come, especially when his eyes did a long, leisurely scan of her body. She glanced down and blushed. Damn spandex. Her nipples were hard and clearly visible pressed against her racing bra. If she hadn't already been a little sweaty, she imagined he'd be able to see the dampness on her shorts too.

"I don't think he can help you," the man continued with a little nod towards the apartment, "He seems to be a bit busy." She glanced over her shoulder and her mouth fell open again. A naked woman was now kneeling between the man's legs, her mouth on his cock, his hands in her hair as she swallowed his erection. Kate swallowed hard, unable to tear her eyes away from the couple.

Hands slid over her hips and she started, turning her head. The blond stood right behind her and his big hands held her in place as he smiled. "I can help you out, though," he said, "I've got all the free time you need." Kate started to tug away, but his hands were strong and held fast.

"I'll scream," she whispered. He just chuckled.

"I'd love to hear you scream," he answered, "But I don't think you'll want to do that here. You'll disturb the couple in there. Oh my, maybe not..."

Unable to stop herself, Kate looked. The woman was riding the guy, her naked body arched as she bounced on his cock, his hands gripping her ass. They were both moaning now and Kate shivered with arousal. This was so wrong, but she couldn't make herself stop.

The man behind her lowered his head, his breath hot on her neck. Another shiver as his breath tickled her ear and he chuckled softly. "Looks like fun, huh?"

This time Kate pulled away, her body flushed and trembling, her breath short. She faced the man, taking in his loose gray tee with it's vee of sweat covering what she'd felt was a solid chest, his blue shorts sporting an impressive bulge topped strong legs. It was obvious he had been using the exercise trail too. "I don't know you," she managed.

"I want to know you," he grinned, "In every way a man can." She took a step back, but hit the half-wall. He sighed. "Trace. Trace Hunter. Apartment 2340B."

"I...I shouldn't have peeked, but I thought someone was sick," she held up shaky hands when he stepped forward. 

"But you did. And you liked it." His voice was persuasive. "I can see you're all ripe and ready."

"I just need to get moving." She didn't deny his words. She could still feel her core throbbing and her breasts felt so heavy. She skirted around him and went back to the push up equipment.

"You'll feel better if I help you out." Trace had followed her and again leaned on the sign. "I know just how to touch you to give you the release you need." His voice dipped lower and she felt a shiver along her spine. She was sure she'd feel better, at least physically, but sex with a stranger wasn't her thing. She decided to just ignore him and started to stretch, pulling her foot up behind her.

"My, my, how I love a flexible woman..." He was watching, openly staring at her breasts as she arched her back and they thrust forward. She glanced around for anyone else out on the trail. This was a relatively secluded section, just the back of the apartments jutting into the trees, and no one was in sight. She switched legs, keeping him in the corner of her eye.

"If you won't let me help you, I guess I'd better get on with my push-ups." His voice was a low growl now. She made the mistake of looking at him and saw he was stroking himself through his shorts. When he saw her looking, he peeled his tee over his head. She gasped and he grinned...his cock head was visible above the waist of his shorts, red and glistening. "I'm a big boy, but I like to go slow."

God, he was hot. She couldn't help staring as he moved to the bench and stretched. Muscles rippled along his back and her mouth watered. What was happening to her? She wasn't usually this...horny. But then, no one she'd ever dated had looked like Trace or been so comfortable with their body and with sex. Plus, it had been almost six months since she'd last been on a date, with or without sex. This was just normal hormones, she told herself. But she couldn't make herself continue down the trail. She couldn't make herself look away from him.

Trace hid his smile and climbed on the bench the way the sign showed, then lifted himself using the bar. "I love this motion," he commented. He began to push, his body lifting and lowering, his erection working further out of his shorts with every up stroke. "Feels like sex," his voice was husky. Every down stroke had Kate catching her breath as she watched his cock thrust and imagined feeling it thrusting into her. Her body hummed with arousal, her pussy quivering and weeping. She couldn't take this. She needed to just step away. Instead she stepped forward.

"Okay." She couldn't believe she'd blurted it out. His head came up and he just looked at her as he kept pumping. She was so hot she was sweating just standing there watching him. His shorts were almost completely beneath his erection now and she swallowed hard as his thick shaft reached almost all the way to the bench when he lowered his body. Her pussy quivered and ached for his attention. "Okay."

"No kidding?" he grinned, getting up. He'd known she would cave. He always won. His cock bobbed, jutting straight out from his groin as he faced her, nearly nude. He grinned again as he watched her eyes follow his cock. He held out his hand. "Come here, pretty lady."

"It's Kate. 2120D." She couldn't believe she was doing this, but she took his hand. He drew her close, his hands moving to cup her breasts, squeezing and pinching her nipples through the spandex. She glanced around, hoping no one could see them, but she couldn't stop herself from wanting this. She thrust her breasts into his hands and he made a soft grunt of approval.

"Hey, Kate," he murmured, lowering his head to nuzzle her neck as he drew her closer. His hands slid over her ass as he pressed her hips to his own, his cock trapped between them, throbbing against her belly. She shuddered and he slid his hands under the spandex to stroke her bare ass. "I love when my ladies don't wear panties."

"It's for exercise," she whispered, pressing a hand between their bodies so she could touch his erection. He was velvety soft and hot as fire and she wrapped her fingers around him, loving the feel of his shaft throbbing against her palm. One of his hands slid around to her belly, pressing further into her shorts, until his fingers found her slick folds. He made a strangled groaning sound as he began to stroke her pussy lips, burrowing a finger to find her clit. She arched and gasped as he pressed his finger to her clit and her hand tightened on his cock.

"Sex is the best form of exercise," he growled, his hips thrusting, his cock jerking in her hand, "Careful, baby, or I might explode and that won't help you at all." He rubbed her clit until her hand went limp and she leaned against him, melting with pleasure.

He pulled away gently, turning her and guiding her to the bench. "Kneel for me and hold the bar," he murmured, stroking his hands over her arms. His voice was low, hypnotic, erotic. She would do anything he said. He lifted her hands as he nudged her closer with his body, his cock rubbing her ass. She shuddered, but moved to the bench, kneeling on it, letting him close her fingers over the bar. He tugged off his shorts, naked except for his running shoes, and stroked his hands over her back as he moved behind her. "My sweet Kate," he murmured, pressing his lips to her back as he straddled the bench behind her.

She trembled as he peeled her shorts down and pressed kisses down her spine as his hands stroked her bare ass. She let her forehead rest on the bar, her eyes closed, as the pleasure and heat built inside her. He gave one cheek a light bite and she moaned. She wanted this. She needed this. It didn't matter where they were. Just that he was touching her. Just that he continued touching her.

"You smell so sweet," he said, that hypnotic quality back, "I want to eat you up, but that will have to wait for later." She just nodded as he leaned over her, his hands stroking her hips as he rubbed his thick cock up and down against the crack of her ass. "I'm going to fuck you now, sweet Kate," he growled, "I'm going to fuck you hard and fast until you want to scream with the pleasure. But you can't scream, baby, or they'll see you." She nodded again and he smiled.

A shift of his hips and his head was poised at her cunt. His thumbs pressed the small of her back and she arched, lifting her head with a moan, his tip just pressed against her. "You're such a good girl," he crooned, rocking his hips, still not penetrating. His head teased her pussy and he felt her quivering under his hands, felt the slickness of her juices on his tip. "Tell me how much you need my cock."

"Please..." Her voice was a breathless plea.

"Tell me how much, sweet Kate," he growled, "Tell me what you want me to do with my cock." His whole body ached for release, but he'd taught himself an iron control long before he knew what to do with a woman. That control just made it easier to torment a woman into giving him everything he wanted.

"Fuck me." It was barely a whisper and she lowered her forehead to the bar again.

"I didn't hear you, Kate," he murmured, leaning over her, sliding his hands up to peel up her bra, to cup her bare breasts. His tip pressed into her a little more, beginning to stretch her inner muscles and she whimpered. "Tell me Kate."

"Fuck me." Louder, but still too soft to travel very far. He smiled and rocked his hips as he gave her nipples a light tug. His cock twisted against her pussy and she shuddered, her juices dripping from his head.

"Fuck me, please." She gasped it as her body quivered for release. "Fuck me, Trace."

At her words, he rammed his cock deep into her body. She cried out, arching, pressing back against him, as his thick cock stretched her pussy wide. Another thrust and another cry, echoing in the small clearing around the exercise equipment. Yes, he groaned silently as he gripped her shoulders, driving his cock into her pussy like a jackhammer, pounding her. Her body vibrated with his assault, her moans turning to sobs as he fucked her like an animal. 

Trace bent his knees and tilted his hips to ram up into her cunt. She gave a broken cry as her whole body bucked. He loved his women like this...willing, eager, and slick. His cock made slurping sounds as he pulled free and thrust deep again. His hips slapped her ass. The musky scent of their sex enveloped them and he took a deep breath in pleasure. He lived for the hunt, the triumph, and this apartment complex provided plenty of women for sport.

"Trace," her voice shook as she pushed her pussy back to meet his strokes. He felt the quiver of her inner muscles around his cock and tilted his hips a little more. The new angle took him right to her core and she cried out as he struck gold. A couple more thrusts and she was sobbing, climaxing, her cum enveloping him and spilling over his balls. He groaned, hammering her harder, faster, his fingers tightening on her shoulders, pulling her back even as he slammed forward. Her cries vibrated through the clearing as he panted and grunted his way into orgasm.

"Yes," he roared, dropping to the bench and yanking her onto his lap, his cock impaling her, erupting into her pussy with a rush of hot cum. She writhed on his lap, her weight pinning him, his cock buried to the hilt and spurting into her very core. He let his forehead rest on the back of her neck as he felt his cock empty into her and she went limp against him. Another successful hunt, another sated prey. 

In the apartment, Janie motioned Bill over to the sliding door. "She got hers," Janie smirked, pointing to the woman sprawled on the man's lap, his red cock visibly buried in her cunt. Bill slid his arms around her waist and nuzzled her shoulder. His cock was already ready again and it pressed, hard and hot, against her backside.

"Maybe we should invite them in," he murmured, nibbling on her neck, "Have us a party all in one room this time." His hand slid up to her bare breast and gave her nipple a tug.

"You just want to fuck us both," Janie moaned, letting Bill guide her back to the couch, "Or have one of us take two cocks."

"It's not really an orgy until everyone's touching each other," he answered as he pressed her down onto the cushions...