 The tension in the room was thick as wood. I stood there hoping that you wouldn't believe the horrible things I had just said to you. How could I be so cruel. My heart told me to reach out and grab you, hold you in my arms, and tell you that I was sorry. My pride, on the other hand, wanted you to hurt the way I did. We never fought like this. Why was tonight so different? 

You turned to me and with an icy cold tone, you said "I'm going out for a while. I think we need to be apart for a bit to cool off." With that, you were out the door.

I stood there in disbelief. You've never left because of a fight. My body began to tremble, and I could feel the hot wetness in my eyes. The sobs overcame me and I slumped down in defeat of my emotions. I wondered where you were going, and when you'd be back. I wondered what we would say to each other when you returned. Maybe you were right. Maybe I was. It didn't really matter who was right or who was wrong. It really wasn't worth fighting over, but, as it was, we said the things that shouldn't have been said.

I laid there crying softly, until I fell into a restless sleep. A couple hours went by and when I awoke, you still weren't home. I decided I had to do something to feel better. I rounded up all my candles, placed them around the room and leading into the bedroom and adjoining bathroom. One by one, I lit them all, turned off the lights, and admired the flickering glow throughout our tiny home. The candles all had a soft vanilla scent, making the place smell sweet and relaxing. I ran a bath and let my muscles soak in the warm water, embracing my tension, letting it slip into the waiting water.

As I stood up to dry off, I could hear the front door open. Your unmistakable steps coming closer to the bedroom and pausing. I peered through the door way from the bathroom to see what sort of reaction you had to the mood in the house. Reaching for a fluffy towel, I stepped closer to the door for a better view of your face. To my surprise, you had a small smile playing on your lips as you looked around the room. Your stance was relaxed, and the time apart seemed to have cooled your anger. I watched as you spotted me in the bathroom. Starting at my tiny feet, I watched as your gaze lazily made their way up my body, pausing briefly when they reached where I was holding the blue towel together at my breasts, then moving further up to my eyes. When your eyes met mine, I could see the tears that threatened to overflow, making my eyes fill in response. 

You strode over to me and put your palm against my cheek. "I'm sorry, angel," you whispered. My lips parted and I replied, "So am I." You drew me close to you, holding me tightly in your strong arms. How I loved being there. Everything always seemed right in the world when you held me. 

As you took a step back, you held me at arms length and flashed me a brilliant smile. Taking my hand, letting the towel fall to the floor, you led me to the bed. As you sat down, you wrapped your arms around my waist and rested your head against my tummy, letting me cradle your head in my arms. I giggled when you let your hand slowly fall to my cheeks, softly rubbing. You pulled back and kissed my stomach, trailing kisses from one side to the other, and finally making your way to my breasts. Tenderly, you kissed and caressed each one as if this were the first time you had ever seen them.

In a silky smooth voice you said, "You are so very beautiful, my love." 

I knelt down, kissing your lips, reveling in their smoothness, and continued down until I was at your waist. I lifted your shirt and kissed your abdomen, while undoing your pants, freeing your love stick, that wonderful center of you, that I've come to know so very well. I pulled your pants off of you completely and kissed your thighs. You reached over and took the clip from my hair, letting the long tresses fall, cascading over my shoulders, back, and your legs. Placing feather soft kisses around your sex, I never let my lips touch your searing hot member. You ran your hands in my hair, watching it fall softly back down over my shoulders. 

Listening carefully to your moans of pleasure, I knew you couldn't take much more of the teasing. I placed my lips at the tip of your sex, letting my tongue slip out and softly circle around the tip, wetting it. I closed my lips and pressed them against you. Making a vacuum in my mouth, I let your member part my lips and slide over my soft tongue. In a well practiced motion, I made love to you with my mouth, enjoying the sounds you made. Your musky scent sailed through my senses, my need for you growing with each passing second.

"Let me love you. Let me make love to you. Let me show you how much you burn in my soul," you feverishly told me.

As I climbed onto the bed, you took off your remaining clothes, and crawled up beside me. Delicate kisses drifting over my body, starting at my neck, and grazing over my skin to find a home on my inner thighs. After teasing me for just a moment, letting my anticipation rise, your knowing tongue found the spot where my whole being longed to feel you most. With a single finger, you pressed into the soft folds, finding the button that brings the world to a screeching stop, and together with your tongue, your knowing manipulations took me to where fairy tales are made. My body answered to your calls and sent me crying for more. My juices flowing into your awaiting mouth, as you anxiously licked me clean, savoring every last drop. 

Once I regained control, I motioned for you to come to me. After a lingering kiss you knelt between my legs, lifting them high, placing them on your shoulders. As you stroked the back of my legs, I could see your manhood straining. Wild and primitive. You thrust into me, burying yourself to the core of my heat. Pure sensation.

I raised my hips to meet your driving need, clutching your forearms with my hands, moaning your name. Pure pleasure washed over me as you worked my body fast, then slow, then faster still.

"Oh, God, I love you," you rasped, unable to bear much more of the sweet agony. Your manhood throbbed, pulsing with need, threatening to explode. You plunged into me twice more, deep and hard, seeming to reach for the very center of me. I let out a cry and looked into your eyes as my body convulsed in climax, gripping your shaft, hugging it tightly. Wild and primitive. You drove into me one more time, groaning my name as you poured yourself into me, hot and wet. Pure sensation.

Wild and primitive, I thought as I drifted off to sleep, nestled in your arms, whether we were making love, arguing or just sitting together. You evoked the purest of emotions in me. My one and only true love.