 And rolling right into chapter three. I want to thank everyone again for all the great comments and feedback, I really like to hear what everyone thinks of your work. 

"Rick?"

"Hm?" Rick responded quietly, relaxing deeply into the pillows.

"You have a fucking perfect cock," Daisy murmured as she gently rocked against him.

"Perfect, huh? That's some high praise."

They had handed the car keys off to Sarah and asked her to drop it off and hang out with Lilly for the day. Sarah had agreed, laughing, as long as she got the standard babysitting fee of $10 an hour and full access to the fridge. Daisy, already wrapped tight around Rick, had agreed. Rick would like to be able to say they waited until Sarah left the house to start messing around, but he wasn't quite sure that was true.

They'd left a trail of tossed clothing throughout Rick's place on the way to the bedroom. Their first bout had been furious, pounding, and over in less than five minutes. They lay, gasping together in the early morning light before dozing off for a few hours. Rick awoke to Daisy lazily sucking on his already awakened cock. They were savoring this second bout, all slow stroking and soft kisses.

"Well maybe not perfect, like greatest in the world or anything. But you have this lovely curve to it. And that big, unh, fat head... When I ride you like, unh, like this, mm, you rub right against my spot baby."

"Oh yeah?" Rick said, sitting up and pulling her hips tight to him.

"Oh yeah. I, unh, god..." she trailed off as Rick's mouth captured a hard nipple. Rick feasted on her breasts as she rode him, making her lose her train of thought for a few minutes. "Mnh, I think I cum a tiny bit every time you hit me there. Oh, oh honey."

They were silent for long minutes, gently rocking against each other. Daisy canted her hips forward, pressing Rick hard against the roof of her pussy, against "her spot." She whimpered with every thrust, her pussy becoming a tight, flooded furnace, her juices liberally soaking his balls.

"Oh, oh honey I'm gonna..."

"S'okay baby, I got you," Rick said softly, wrapping her up tight in his arms. Daisy's dark eyes locked with his before drifting closed, her hips grinding harder against him. She came with a tight gasp, shaking as she collapsed against him. Rick held her tight, stroking her back as she slowly calmed down. As her breathing calmed, her hips resumed their focused pumping. "Again?" he asked, half amazed.

"Uh-huh," she said, grinning her giant grin. "You ready for another ride?" she asked, teasing. She gasped as Rick's hands grabbed her ass tight, pulling her down hard against him.

"Always hon," Rick said earnestly, leaning forward to capture her lips in a deep kiss. Daisy's thrusts were little harder, squeaking as his cock battered against her spot. She could feel her orgasm coming faster now, and groaned deeply when she felt Rick's fingers slide over her slick anus.

"Oh you naughty boy," she murmured, bearing down on his thrusting cock. "Mm, come on darling, cum with me. Mnh, please baby, I need to feel you pump in me..."

"Daze, god," Rick grunted, thrusting up against her. 

"Honey, god, unh!" Daisy groaned, her orgasm seizing her. Rick's finger slipped inside her ass just as she crested, and her groan turned to a sharp shriek as she felt herself clamp down on his teasing digit. 

"Fuck, fuck, Daisy..." Rick groaned as he exploded in her, his cock pulsing repeatedly in her gripping pussy.

"Oh! Oh baby I feel you, I feel you," Daisy said as she drove down hard, holding him deep inside her. Rick was hugging her so she could barely breathe, but Daisy just squeezed him right back as they slowly slumped back to the bed.

"Can I pass out now? Is that alright?" Rick asked, breathing deeply.

"Uh huh," Daisy murmured, already half asleep on his chest.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"So what are our scenes going to be like?" Daisy asked, exhaling a great plume of smoke before passing the joint to Rick. It was around three in the afternoon and Rick felt invigorated, like he'd slept for a week. Daisy had produced a joint from her purse and they were lazing on each other in bed, Rick's hand idly tracing her belly.

"I still can't believe I'm going to do this," Rick laughed as he took a nice drag. "And you're a bad influence. I hardly used to smoke before we started, uh..."

"Fucking Rick. It's called fucking."

"Right. But our scenes? I dunno. What did Sally say they wanted?" 

"Hang on," Daisy said as she leaned out of her bed to her purse, pulling out her phone and checking her email. "Okay. Sal said she'd be okay using me for a whole bunch of their sites. Assblasters-"

"Anal. Or at least big asses, ass worship," Rick explained.

"Ass worship?"

"Like... Lots of rubbing, spreading, oil, shaking. Plugs, sometimes. A guy spending like fifteen minutes playing with a girl's ass. Ass worship. Get it?"

"I see. Doesn't sound so bad."

"Maybe later?" Rick said, grinning as he passed the joint back.

"Sure. Cumswallowers, where one imagines I'd be swallowing cum?"

"I guess there isn't much of a mystery to that one."

"Sluts Like it All."

"Rough. Like spitting, fish-hooking and rough anal."

"Fish hoo- I don't even want to know, ew. No thanks. Blow Job Fridays, which I asked about. It's a super cheap job, but it's just like a five minute POV beej."

"You've convinced me," Rick said, laughing quietly.

"Oh I wasn't saying I was against it. Maybe we'll squeeze that in before a real scene. Brown Beauties?"

"Black girls, Latin girls. You know, dark skinned girls. You'd stand out on that one."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, like you said, a lot of guys think you're Asian, usually. And you would fit on the site with your beautiful skin," Rick said, his fingers tracing along her side. "So you'd stand out on that site."

"K. So do that one, definitely," Daisy said. "Teens Need Cock."

"Teens, eighteen and nineteen year old girls. Or girls with slim bodies that play young. So that's out for you."

"What do you mean?"

"Daze, you're twenty-two. You said so in your first scene. And you have some of the greatest tits..." Rick trailed off, a hand sliding to cup one. "No one would buy you for a teenager."

"Okay," she said, seemingly agreeing. "Slut Squad Six? What the fuck is that?"

"I think that's six girls running around being sexy and, like, fucking strange dudes off the street. Like they'll go to a pool hall and fuck a bunch of guys or something."

"Sounds like fun, but no. God they have a bunch of sites... But the last one Sally says here is Cream Pie Crazy."

"That's... Instead of a facial, the guy cums inside the girl and... and she lets it drip out and eats it."

"Damn, that's nasty," Daisy said, grinning. "Wanna do that one baby?"

"Shit hon, I'll do anything you want to do. You said something about a uh, threesome?" Rick asked changing the topic as he finished the joint and ground it out. "Have you done that before?"

"Oh sure," she said, smiling nervously even though Rick couldn't see her face. "But Sal said she wanted to squeeze that in one of the main sites, like Slambros and AssNTitties. Faye might actually be a bit too petite for what they're thinking of doing."

"What do you mean?"

"Well Sal was saying they wanted a different girl anyway, just to keep the scenes fresh. And since I'm tiny and tight, they thought they'd get a bombshell type for the threesome. Big tits, big ass, blonde, that kind of thing."

"I never knew staging a porn could be so complicated."

"Well if we're doing it, I want to shoot good scenes." She said, shifting so her head rested on a pillow instead of Rick's hard chest. "What makes a good scene?"

"What do you mean?"

"Like what makes a hot scene? A hot porn star? What makes you want to download or look at a girl's scenes?"

"Um, hm..."

"Blow jobs, red heads, anal, cum shots, toys, what?"

"It's... Well some of it's what's in the scene itself, like what's actually happening. But it's more than that. It's hot is when... When it seems like the girl is enjoying herself. Like... When a girl seems to actually be cumming, that's hot, obviously."

"Is that why the squirting scenes are so popular?"

"Yeah, I guess so. That's hot, but I guess what I mean... Like even if it just seems like the two people seem halfway happy to be fucking each other. It's subtle. It makes it seem more real."

"I guess..." 

"I mean that's just me, clearly. A lot of guys are into this rough stuff, so there's that too."

"I'm not into that shit, I don't care how much it pays," Daisy said firmly. She seemed to think on something for a bit, before turning to look at Rick a little sheepishly. "Can I... Wanna watch some of your porn?"

"God you're insatiable," Rick said with a laugh, his finger toying with one hard nipple.

"What? It's research. I swear: No judging. And I won't tell everyone you're a huge porn addict," Daisy said, sitting up and putting her right hand over her heart. Rick frowned, but got up from the bed and headed into the darkened living room, Daisy watching his naked ass retreating. When he returned toting his laptop, Daisy was sitting against the pillows, the sheets gathered around her waist. Rick sat beside her, typing in his password as she cuddled closely to his side.

"Okay, uh, first off, I download all my porn for free using bittorrent or rapidshare."

"Thief! Stealing the food from hard working porn star's mouths."

"Right. Daze, if I ain't paying for mp3s I ain't paying for porn. So... That's why I have your two scenes," Rick explained, indicating them in a folder.

"Ah. Watch them?" Daisy asked, her hand on his belly.

"Besides that night we watched together?" That had been their second time together, and Rick had spent most of it drilling her doggy style as they both watched the screen, Daisy rubbing her clit furiously the whole time, cumming repeatedly as she watched herself fucked silly. "Now and then, sure."

"But you've got the real thing right here."

"Not every night," Rick said with a grin. "Um, okay. So here's one I like," Rick said, double tapping a loading the video, "I think her name is Vicki Black or something."

"Fucking tits, Jesus," Daisy said, watching as, on screen, Ms. Black strutted along the edge of a pool completely naked, showing off her impressive curves. She took special care to show off her big round ass, reaching back and spreading her cheeks wide for the camera. "Ass too, damn. I didn't know you liked fat asses."

"I like all kinds of asses on girls."

"I'll keep that in mind," she said saucily.

"Anyway..." Rick said as he skipped ahead to later in the scene. Vicki was getting her ass fucked deep by her costar, lying sideways on a couch with him behind her, thrusting deep inside her. She was rubbing her pussy furiously, gasping and crying with each thrust. She had a look on her face, almost as if she was amazed at how good having her ass fucked felt.

"Fuck," Daisy said, settling against Rick. Daisy enjoyed anal play, but had never taken a cock there herself. But watching the porn star lying there, moaning as her co-star's thick cock spread her ass wide, Daisy couldn't deny being turned on. It certainly looked like she was enjoying it, whispering entreaties for her co-star to fuck her ass harder, deeper. "I think I see what you mean." Daisy said, her eyes not leaving the on-screen action.

"Yeah... Or, uh, like..." Rick said, closing that window and starting another scene. "I can't believe I've got you in my bed and I'm showing you porn."

"I know. I wish I bought my vibe. So who's that?" Daisy asked as Rick loaded another video, opening with a brunette walking along a quiet street, apparently touring real estate.

"Don't even know."

"She's busted," Daisy observed. Rick laughed, jumping ahead in the video.

"Maybe her face isn't so hot, but... Here," he flipped ahead a bit in the scene. The shot was filled with her ass moving slowly up and down her costar's thick cock. Her cheeks spread with each thrust, her ass and filled pussy completely on display, and as she pounded down on him her big ass would wobble obscenely. Her every breath was a moan, a gasp. Her prominent asshole bobbed for the camera as she pounded on him, tempting her costar into teasing it with his thumb. Her hips stilled as he slipped it in to the gripping hole and she squealed.

"Okay, that is hot," Daisy said, her fingers absently toying with the hairs on Rick's belly.

"I like this bit. It's why I keep the file."

"I see. So, for the girl, performance matters. Just looking hot and letting a guy fuck you on camera isn't enough."

"Exactly. Actually... Okay, okay, this girl, Monique Sweetheart," Rick said, punching her name into Google.

"I don't think I like that you know so much about porn stars," Daisy said, teasing. Rick let it slide, bringing up a Wikipedia page. "Oh she's gorgeous, look at her."

"Yeah, she's a perfect ten, for sure. And she does everything, anal, multiple guys, you name it. But the thing is, her scenes? She just kinda lies there and fake moans. Very not hot."

"So that's the other end of the spectrum."

"And I don't think we should underestimate theatrics."

"Pardon?"

"Well, I like videos where there is at least the semblance of a story. Like nothing crazy, but just some reason that the two people are fucking. Like she's the secretary and he catches her masturbating. Or she's Little Red Riding Hood and getting fucked outside by the Big Bad Wolf. Or he goes to hot doctor to ask her about anal sex. Or she's shoplifting and you catch her and fuck her silly in the back."

Daisy laughed. "Little Red Riding Hood? Seriously?"

"That one was hot, but I think I deleted it."

"So like a little scene to play out?"

"Daze, scenes with straight fucking are great too. I, in fact, demand that one of the scenes is just you using me like a cheap piece of meat," Rick said earnestly.

"I'll make sure of that."

"But I find that the ones that grab your attention have to stand out. A costume or some sort of hook... Y'know?"

"No, no I gotcha," Daisy said, a naughty idea already forming in her head. "So it seems if we are going to shoot hot scenes together, it's really up to you to get me so turned on that it comes through the camera," she said playfully, her hand brushing down his belly.

"I'll accept that challenge," Rick said, smiling. They leaned close, kissing for a moment before Rick reached over and pulled the sheets away from Daisy, pulling her close to him.

"Again?" Daisy asked, her grin huge. Her hand found his cock, already mostly hard. "Oh hon I can get used to this..." she murmured, leaning forward to pull him into her mouth, not stopping till her nose touched his belly.

"Oh fuck honey, god... So, unh, when are we shooting our scene?" he asked, relaxing against the pillows as he enjoyed Daisy's skilled mouth.

"Wednesday," she replied, her hand pumping him easily.

"Wednesday? Like this week?" Rick asked.

"Yeah. I told you they want to capitalize on the buzz. So one shoot Wednesday and another thing on Friday."

"We're shooting two scenes this week?" Rick asked, shocked.

"Yep. I'll talk to Sally later and get the details. Excited? I already know what we're doing."

"What?"

"It's be a surprise," she said softly before pulling his cock back into her mouth.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Hi, is this Rick Jeffers?"

"Yeah."

"Oh hi. It's Paul, from Slambros. We met last month?"

"Oh hi Paul, uh, what's up?" Rick said, waving absently as his last client left for home. Rick instructed Aikido classes a few times a week, and he wasn't expecting to hear from his friend the pornographer. "Is it time for that convention you were talking about?"

"Oh no, that's more'n a month off. I'm calling because Daisy said you were shooting a scene with us and I was wondering if you had any questions."

Rick was struck for a moment at the bizarre world he had been thrust into. He was talking to a guy who, not too long ago, Rick had watched rail his current girlfriend, or whatever. And this man was going to give him advice about fucking Daisy on camera. And this wasn't weird at all.

"Uh... Well, I didn't until you just called me. Any, uh, pointers?" Rick asked, looking around to make sure he was alone in the studio.

"Well, uh, okay. First off, don't have sex or jerk off for at least, like 36 hours before the shoot. Let your fluids build up, you know. But not too much longer than that, or you'll pop too soon."

"Uh, right. Okay."

"Do a little manscaping, definitely. You don't have to shave your balls or anything, but it all works to make your junk look bigger, so... Y'know, keep it in mind."

"Gotcha. I'm okay as far as that goes."

"Alright Rick, because I like you I'm going to tell you one of my secrets," Paul began, and Rick actually cringed a little. "The day before? Eat like ten stalks of celery with breakfast, lunch, and dinner."

Rick wasn't expecting anything like that. "Eat 30 stalks of celery in a day. Like two whole celery plants? Celeries? Don't fuck with me man."

"I'm serious. Makes you cum more, and thicker. Makes that shit like heavy cream." Rick couldn't help but laugh. "Dude, I'm dead serious."

"Alright, I'll try it. What else?"

"Well just be a professional. I know you and Daisy are fucking or whatever, but be courteous to the girl, always. Remember there's a camera there, so cheat yourself out so they can see the action... Oh and never play with a girl's ass who didn't sign for anal. That got me a black eye once and I totally deserved it. That's it I guess. And just relax, have some fun with it."

"I honestly cannot believe I'm having this conversation," Rick said flatly.

"You'll get used to it."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Hey Rick, what's up?" Sally said as she entered the lobby.

"Hello Sally. Or do you prefer Sal?" Rick said as he stood. He was wearing the business casual attire that Daisy had told him to, and that was really all he knew about the scene today.

"Sally please, that's just Paul being a goof." She shook his hand firmly as she led him to the hallway of porn posters. "I have to say I didn't expect to see you back here, at least not in this capacity."

"What, not the type?"

"Well you do seem to lack the tribal tattoos," she said with a grin. "But Daisy explained the situation, don't sweat it. I think you'll have a lot of fun today," she said mysteriously as she led him into another room and Rick was surprised: they were in a classroom set, right down to the rows of desks and math problems written on the chalkboard.

"Uh, Sally, what website are we shooting for?"

"Teens Need Cock," he heard Daisy say behind him. He turned, only to be struck dumb.

Daisy was wearing Mary Janes with black knee socks and a classic little schoolgirl's skirt. It was short, but nothing too obscene. A plain white blouse hid most of her figure, and a light cardigan sweater hid the rest. She was wearing her librarian-style glasses, and her flowing black hair was pulled back into a ponytail. Her makeup was understated, with shiny lip-gloss and not much else. She was holding an armful of schoolbooks and gave him a small smile as she pushed her glasses up her nose. She looked so innocent and adorable. And maybe sixteen. It was remarkable.

"Jeez Daze, I'll never doubt you again."

"Thanks Mr. Stevens," she said, looking away as if shy.

"Rick, you've got to fill out these forms before we get started. Daisy, if you can walk him through the scene?" Sally said as she went to talk to another cameraperson.

"Sure," Daisy said with a smile, leading Rick to one of the classroom chairs. Rick sat and started to write, only to put his pen down and pull Daisy close for a kiss. "Hey! We'll have plenty of time for that!" she said, pulling back.
