 And on to chapter four! Thanks for all the comments and encouragement, and please keep them coming! 

*

"Daisy?"

"Hmf."

"Daze, wake up, you're almost home."

"Jeez. How long have I been asleep?"

"You were asleep when I got to the car hon," Rick laughed. It was early afternoon on Friday and Rick was driving them home from their second porn shoot. Daisy blinked as she looked around, genuinely surprised.

"I'm sorry honey."

Rick laughed. "It's okay hon, don't sweat it. You're wiped, I understand."

"I feel... Inside out, practically. You know that's never happened to me before. It was incredible but... Oof!" she said, slumping down in the chair theatrically. "And... my butt's still tingling," she said quietly, her hand toying along his leg. 

"Well I'm glad you enjoyed it, babe," Rick said lightly, grinning at her. He was feeling pretty well chuffed himself. Rick knew his way around the bedroom, but he'd never had a girlfriend lose her mind the way Daisy had seemed to. He also knew that Daisy had, well, been with a lot of guys, and girls for that matter. For her to be so gob smacked... well, Rick knew he had done good.

"You going to be okay at work today?"

Daisy nodded. "Uh-hm. I just need a nap is all," she said quietly as they pulled up to her place. "Rick, it was incredible, really."

"I was there too you know," Rick said, leaning in a little, his hand moving to hers. Daisy smiled when he put her hand back in her lap. "You need a nap. It's okay."

"I'll make this up to you, I promise."

Rick laughed. "Don't sweat it, seriously. If you think I suffered at all today, you're sorely mistaken. It was one of the hottest things I've ever seen," he said earnestly. "Now go get some rest. You've got to be at work in a few hours."

"Ugh. Okay," Daisy said as she pulled herself together and got out of the car.

"So, uh, when do our scenes hit the site, exactly?" Rick asked.

"Well Sally said the Mr. Stevens one would be on Tuesday, and this one probably Thursday or Friday after that."

"So by next week the secret will be out."

"Yeah, I guess so. Nervous?" Daisy asked with a grin.

"Yeah, sure. You may have been a porn star for the past month or two, but I'm still getting used to it."

Daisy just smiled as she leaned into the window to give him sweet, soft kiss. "I'm off to crash babe. I'll see you at work."

~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Hello?"

"Hey Rick, Paul, how's it going?"

"Oh hey. You know, nothing much. What's up with you?" Rick was instantly alert. Not only was Paul a good contact, but Rick hadn't had a normal conversation with him yet and wanted to be on his toes,

"Just wanted to let you know I saw your scenes. Very hot. Especially the Brown Beauties one. Nicely done."

"Uh, thanks," Rick said, putting his laptop aside as he decided that this conversation might require his full attention. "That's, uh, thanks. You'd know, I guess."

Paul laughed. "Well it's going up later today. Going to be on the main banner, even."

"Oh, that's great," Rick said, meaning it. If Daisy wanted to make as big a splash as quick as possible, being on the banner image of one of the most trafficked porn sites on the Internet was a good start. "Not me though, right?"

"Oh no, no. Well, your prick, a bit. But it's mostly in her mouth."

"Right," Rick said, his head flopping back on the couch. Right, my girlfriend giving me a blowjob will be on the banner of website thousands of people look at every day. 

"But I was wondering, can I use you as a back up guy?"

"What, for security? That convention thing you were talking about?" Rick asked, remembering that he was supposed to be a security specialist.

"What? Oh no, the Expo isn't for a while yet. I meant, y'know, for scenes and shit."

Rick boggled for a second. "Wait, for like, uh, acting?"

"Yeah. I always try to keep a back up cock around. It doesn't pay much so, y'know, you get a lot of guys flaking out on you at the last minute, which is just a fucking disaster. Like you'll have the girl and the crew there, but no guy. So like I said, I like to have a few back up guys I can call for emergencies. Just wanted to know if you'd be interested at all. You did a pretty good job for a, y'know, amateur."

"I'll... Think about it?" Rick said, shaking his head. To be honest, he just plain wasn't interested. He knew that most guys would be jumping at the chance to have tons of sex with porn stars, but Rick really couldn't care less. Not only was Daisy more than enough woman for him, but he had always been more of a one woman guy anyway. He didn't want to shut Paul down too hard, however. Freelance security work relied on successful networking, and Paul could be a huge asset. Rick knew that if he could get some of this convention work it could be a real leg up to starting his own company. "I mean, yeah, let me know."

"So I can call if I need you?"

"Yeah, sure," Rick said, thinking that he could just tell Paul no if he did ever call. What, you need me to plug Katja Jean's ass? Sorry, got a dentist appointment. That way, I'm still on his good side and he even sort of owes me a favor.

"Excellent, thanks," Paul said, clearly pleased. "And about the expo, we'll definitely give you a call on that. Like maybe four guys? You subcontract right?"

"Oh yeah, definitely," Rick said, already perking up. He knew of at least a dozen guys who would love to work a porn convention and would be happy for the work. Rick smiled: Tony would have to convince Maria to allow him to go.

"Right, talk to you soon man."

"Yeah, peace out," Rick said, hanging up and tossing his phone aside. He considered calling Marco or Tony right then, but realized he'd have to tell them about the Slambros connection. He stopped dialing and put his phone aside, realizing they'd probably know soon enough anyway.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

It was Tuesday night, and he and Daisy's Teens Need Cock scene had been on the site for a little more than ten hours. Rick had spent the whole day walking on eggshells, waiting for the inevitable discovery of his nascent porn career. He wondered who would call first: a friend, an ex, his dad, a client? He was sitting on his couch channel surfing with his cell phone close at hand, waiting for the call he knew was coming. When his phone did finally ring he almost jumped out of his skin before picking it up. 

"Hello?"

"Hey darlin'. I'm two seconds away."

"Hey Daze, I-" but she'd already hung up. Rick shook his head and proceeded to quickly pick up the worst of the mess. Barely a minute later the doorbell rang and Rick was letting a bubbly Daisy into his apartment.

"Hey babe. Look what I've got," she sing songed, producing a DVD. Rick looked at the title: Brown Beauties - Daisy Learns to Squirt. Rick had to smile: If the image of Daisy in a schoolgirl outfit didn't lure in viewers, then this title would get the job done.

"Nice. You want to..." he began, laughing as Daisy was already pushing him to sit on the couch as she put the disc into his Xbox. "Someone's eager."

"I've been wanting to watch this ever since you dropped me off on Friday," Daisy confessed, quickly getting undressed as the disc started playing. Rick had to choose: watch the real Daisy shimmying out of her jeans or sexbomb Daisy on screen, stalking toward the camera completely naked, her dark skin shining in some sort of oil. He chose the Daisy that quickly knelt in front of him and started undoing his pants.

"Daisy, honey, jeez," Rick said, pulling his shirt off and pulling her up into his arms. He glanced up at the screen as the camera panned up her lovely legs, made to look endless by her monstrous heels. The camera kept going up, passed her beautiful shaved pussy, along her flat belly, past her perfect breasts, finally stopping at her beautiful face. Her makeup was severe, with dark eye shadow making her look seductive, hungry.

"I've been so goddamn horny these past few days," Daisy said firmly as she crawled into Rick's lap, kissing him hungrily as her breasts pressed against his hard chest. They kissed for a few moments as the on screen Daisy stalked around on her high heels for a bit, the camera following her amazing ass and legs. Daisy pulled back, grinning sexily as she turned around on his lap, parking her butt on his belly and pulling his cock so it lay against her already moist pussy.

"You look so fucking hot baby," Rick whispered in her ear as they both watched her on screen.

"Mm," screen Daisy murmured, biting her lip. "I could talk about my lips..." she began, but Daisy quickly grabbed the controller and started fast-forwarding.

"Blah blah blah," Daisy said, as the Daisy on screen proceeded to give the camera a long, narrated tour of her fantastic body, turning and twisting and spreading and stroking. "I hate hearing my voice recorded. Sounds like someone else... And besides, I just want to see when my costar joins me," she murmured, reaching down and toying with Rick's already solid cock. "Ah, here he is," she said, pressing play again.

On screen, Rick approached her like a man possessed, gripping her hips and pulling her tight as he kissed her hungrily. They backed up against a large bed, and Rick was quick to lay Daisy back and begin exploring her body with his mouth and hands.

"God hon, I was so fucking keyed up," Daisy whispered, reaching down and rubbing Rick's cock along her moistening slit.

"I could tell," Rick said, his hands filled with her breasts. "You were practically vibrating." On screen, Rick was feasting on her breasts. Sucking and nibbling at one nipple before attacking the other one. Rick was licking, sucking, biting, nibbling, teasing, pinching, feasting... He spent a few minutes per breast, and when he ventured further south her nipples were two solid peaks.

As they watched Rick descend along her belly, tonguing her belly button before moving further south, Daisy took Rick's cock and pressed it against her opening, only to slide it up to nudge against her clit. She did this again and again, biting her lip as she teased herself.

On screen, Rick had finally reached her core, spreading her legs wide to fully reveal her beautiful pussy. Daisy groaned, but Rick was still teasing. He spread her lips wide, her pussy opening like a flower. She was already soaking wet, her juices leaking from her pussy and down over her ass. Rick proceeded to tease her, tiny licks along her lips, just barely brushing her inner labia with his tongue.

"Unh, you were so mean to me," Daisy said, still rubbing his cock in her folds. She could remember the feeling of frustration as Rick teased her viciously; using all the tricks he had learned to drive her crazy.

Rick chuckled. "You can blame Sally, not me." On screen, Rick was teasing Daisy, just barely touching her clit with the tip of his tongue before pulling back. Daisy would try and press towards the contact, but Rick managed to stay back. "And come on. You loved it."

"I loved it when you stopped teasing me," Daisy specified. Through all this she continued to use Rick's cock to tease herself, her juices spreading all over his shaft.

"Ah." On screen, Rick finally gave in, pouncing on her clit when she next pressed up against him. He sucked the morsel hard, attacking it with his tongue. Daisy moaned loudly, her hands gripping the sheets as Rick moved from teasing her to attacking her pussy.

"Oh, oh god, oh god suck my clit baby, mm, god I love that!" she cried out. Rick stayed at her clit for several minutes, licking and sucking the pierced nub, before pulling back and rubbing it hard with his fingers. "Ah! Oh fuck, oh fuck right there right there!" And just like that, Rick backed off her clit and slid two fat fingers into her gripping pussy

"Oh fuck," Daisy gasped as she pressed his cock to her hole and pushed down, slipping his fat head inside her. Rick's hands stilled, filled with her breasts as she pressed against him, slowly grinding her hips in a tight circle.

"Unh! Unh! Of fuck baby, let me cum! I need to cum so bad!" the video shouted, Daisy pleading with Rick to finish her off. Rick seemed to relent, his fingers pumping her cunt quickly as his sucking mouth returned to her clit. 

"Oh god, yes, yes baby just like that... Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuckfuckfuck!" Daisy screamed out, her orgasm upon her. But again, just before it crested, Rick backed off, biting her inner thigh hard enough to leave a mark. "Oh, oh fuck!" Daisy cried out, just on the edge of cumming. He quickly rolled her onto her belly, her beautiful firm ass in his face. 

"Oh fuck," Daisy groaned as she pressed down hard on Rick's cock, feeling his thick head spreading her wide. "What got into you? You'd never been so... Controlling."

"Sally said it was about you and your beautiful body. And I think you're absolutely beautiful when you're cumming. So I wanted to make you cum really really hard," Rick said simply, reaching for her clit.

"Nuh-uh," she said, catching his hand and returning it to her breasts. "And here's where you blew my goddamn mind," she said, her hips continuing their slow grind.

"Mnh, fuck!" came from the screen as Rick, his hands slick with oil, began rubbing all over her perfect butt. Her light brown skin became slick and shiny as Rick's big hands obscenely groped and slid along her flesh.

"Ah, ass worship," Rick said as, on screen, his thumbs slid between her firm cheeks and spread them wide, baring Daisy's shining dark ass to the camera.

"Rick, you don't understand," she said softly, her eyes locked on the screen as Rick's oiled hands continued to grope and fondle her ass, "I was so fucking keyed up from all the teasing before, that it felt fucking amazing. Every time you touched my ass, it was like an electric shock. It was unreal."

"Oh, oh fuck oh fuck!" Daisy shouted on screen as Rick leaned in to just barely lick her clenching star. Daisy's hips began to move slightly faster, still not pumping, working her hips in a tight circle as she watched her man eat out her ass.

Rick stayed there for long minutes, alternating between sliding has hands all over her slick cheeks and burying his face between them, lapping hungrily at her ass and pussy. Daisy just lay there and took it, hovering somewhere on the edge of an enormous orgasm.

"Oh fuck this is hot," Rick grunted thrusting up against Daisy as she continued to grind on him. Daisy didn't respond, her own hand now firmly rubbing her clit.

On screen, Rick easily rolled Daisy back over, lapping hungrily at her weeping pussy. Daisy gasped sharply, her hands gripping the bed hard, and the camera moved in to show that Rick had slipped a fat finger into her butt while he tongued her pussy aggressively.

"Oh, oh fuck," Daisy squealed as Rick slipped two more fingers into her gripping pussy, his lapping tongue moving to her clit. As his fingers began to thrust into her tight holes, Daisy started flipping out. "Oh! OH! Oh fuck, honey, oh Jesus, fuck, oh oh fuck, unh!"

"Oh man, I just start losing it!" Daisy said with wonder. On screen, Rick only increased his efforts, giving her everything he had. Rick continued to pound against her, her firm butt pressed tight against his belly as Daisy continued to work her clit furiously.

"OH! I think I, I'm gonna, oh fuck, oh oh oh," Daisy said, her words drifting off before shouting loudly, her whole body starting to shake violently. Rick pulled back suddenly as Daisy came with a sharp shriek, her pussy squirting powerfully across the bed. Two more powerful jets of fluid pulsed out of her as she writhed violently, her orgasm rocking her whole body.

"Oh fuck!" Daisy grunted, her eyes locked on the screen, watching as she flopped around for a few seconds, before violently shoving Rick's hands away. She held her pussy tightly as she rolled to her side, shivering powerfully.

"I was worried about you for a second," Rick admitted.

"Oh. My. God!" Daisy said on screen, wiping tears from her eyes as she laughed, rolling onto her back.

"And that's when I knew you were okay," Rick said with a smile, pulling her down hard against him.

"I've never cum that hard in my life!" Daisy exclaimed on screen, slowly sitting up, pushing her sweaty hair back. She was clearly trying to get herself together again, shaking her head to clear the cobwebs. The camera shifted, Rick's swollen cock looming into the frame. Daisy smiled wryly as she pulled Rick close, laying back on the bed and pulling him to her opening. "I'm like a vice right now, but I'm wet as wet as I've ever been, so..." she said as she placed him at her tight opening. Rick pressed, but his cock slid off and up through her folds. Daisy gasped sharply as his cock raked over her clit.

"I was so goddamn sensitive," Daisy explained as, on screen, Rick continued his efforts. "I didn't know if I could handle cumming any more. But..."

"The show must go on," Rick murmured, kissing her shoulder gently as they watched Rick's cock finally begin to enter Daisy's gripping pussy. Rick was slow and gentle, and it was some time before his hips softly pressed against hers, Daisy crying out as he came to rest fully inside her.

"Oh fuck you feel so fucking big in me," she cried out, gasping as Rick began to slowly ease himself in and out of her. Daisy's breath had become a desperate panting groan as Rick pumped in her, her juices forming a frothy cream on his cock.

"Fuck that looks hot," Daisy observed, her fingers speeding on her clit as her orgasm neared. On screen, the camera moved to focus on their union, Rick's cock pounding into her gripping pussy. Rick changed up his stroke, pulling completely out of her gripping pussy before slowly easing his entire length back in. Each time he pulled out, Daisy's copious juices shone on his shaft, and Daisy unconsciously licked her lips as she watched her boyfriend fuck her stupid.

"You were fucking incredible," Rick confessed, squeezing her nipples hard. "I was worried I wouldn't be able to hold back."

But hold back he did, as on screen Rick slowly ground his cock into Daisy, slowly walking her back up the path to orgasm. Daisy's gasps changed in intensity, becoming frantic, hungry, as she slid a hand to her swollen clit, gently rubbing.

"Oh fuck I'm gonna cum again," she groaned, her legs rising till she pulled them against her chest, bending her nearly in half. Rick maintained his slow pace, gently easing in and out of her gripping pussy as orgasm began to overtake her. As it crested, Daisy's eyes drifted closed and she grunted her way through it, cumming hard on Rick's pumping cock.

"Jesus," Daisy murmured, watching herself. "I just kept cumming. I don't think I stopped from the second you put your cock in me, mnh," Daisy gasped, feeling her own orgasm rushing. Her finger furiously rubbing at her clit as she thrust down hard against Rick's cock. As Daisy came, screaming, on screen, Daisy had a quiet, clenching orgasm on Rick's lap.

"Daze," Rick groaned, feeling his own orgasm looming.

"Shh baby, I know. Just hold on..." Daisy pleaded, slowing her motions, her eyes never leaving the screen. In the video Rick was finally pounding away at her pussy, Daisy crying out with each thrust.

"Oh, fuck, unh, FUCK!" Rick bellowed as he slammed in deep and held himself there, shivering slightly as he crumpled atop Daisy's sweaty chest. The camera swung around, and you could see Rick's cock pulsing as he came inside her.

"Oh fuck, I feel it, cum in me, mm, do it," Daisy pleaded, panting, desperate for breath. The camera stayed below as Rick thrust deep inside her once more before withdrawing, Daisy's gaping pussy filling the frame. It was swollen, well fucked, and after a few seconds a small stream of cum oozed out of her pussy as it slowly clamped shut.

"Oh fuck that's nasty," Daisy murmured, squeezing at Rick inside of her as she continued to grind against him. Rick couldn't help but agree, watching as Daisy slowly gathered some of his seed on her fingers, the camera following her hand as it went to her mouth, sucking her fingers clean.
