 I'd like to thank everyone for all the great comments and encouragement. I just couldn't stop after the first chapter, I seem to like writing these characters. So here's chapter 2, I hope you all like it.

"Mmf, hello?"

"It's up. It's on the site."

"Hm? Daisy? What're you talking about? What time is it?"

"Midnight? Oh shit, were you asleep? Sorry," she said, contrite for a moment. But then her enthusiasm was back. "But my scene is up on the site!"

"Oh, right. That's, uh, that's great." Rick said, trying to sound enthused. But try as he might he couldn't get too excited that his new girlfriend's, or whatever, porn video was hitting the Internet. "So is it getting any feedback? I know that people can leave comments and stuff."

Daisy laughed. "Well, one guy said, how'd he put it... 'I'd love to bend that bitch over and fuck that tight little ass till she screamed.' Crude, but I'm going to put that under positive feedback."

Rick laughed. "Right. I can't imagine that anyone didn't like it though. Daze, you know you're a fucking smokestack. And the scene was really hot."

"Thanks hon. But yeah, everyone seems to be liking it. It's only been on for a few hours but it's already gotten a couple of thousand views. It's midnight!"

"That's prime porn watching time! C'mon, the wife and kids are asleep; you can slip away and enjoy some wholesome pornography until you blow a load in some tissues. It's the American way!" Rick said, laughing with Daisy. "So by Friday all the guys at the club will have seen it. That's great."

"I'm not so sure. It's just one scene on one website. Betcha no one's even seen it."

"Okay, alright, I'll take that bet. Stakes?" Rick said, smiling in the darkness.

"Hm... How about if I win-"

"Which means that no one at work has seen the video? No over/under, you're going all or nothing."

"That's right. If I win, you have to wash my car." Rick laughed. "You laugh now, but my driveway's under this huge tree, so the fucking thing gets covered in bird shit every damn day. And if you win..."

"Hm?" Rick asked, wondering what his prize would be. He had several suggestions, but wanted to see what Daisy came up with.

"If you win, maybe we'll shoot our own scene?"

"Oh word?" Rick said. He and Daisy had only been together once since that day and Rick really wasn't sure where they stood exactly. He thought that bets that might lead to sex were a pretty good sign. "That sounds, uh, that sounds like a great bet."

"Stick out your pinky."

"Huh?"

"Are we betting or aren't we? Stick it out."

"Okay," Rick said, sticking out his pinky in the darkness.

"It's a bet baby. I'll see you Friday. Sorry for waking you."

"Don't mention it. See you soon babe," Rick put his phone aside and he was quickly back to sleep. But his dreams now involved him, Daisy, a camcorder, and an acre-wide bed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

That Friday night Rick was turning grumpier as the night wore on. He had expected to be accosted within five minutes with news of Daisy's video. It had been on the Slambros front page for three days, and Rick was certain that one of the seventeen guys who worked at the club would have seen it by then. When he parked earlier in the day, Tony jogged over to him, clearly wanting to tell him something. This is it, Rick thought, bet won.

"Hey Rick," Tony said as he got close, "Marco called in sick so I called Jose to come in, alright?"

"Oh, yeah, sure. Good thinking," Rick said, thrown. Oh well, he had thought, Tony's got a girlfriend, so maybe he wouldn't have seen it. One of the single guys, that's the ticket.

But now it was damn near closing time and no one had mentioned anything. Maybe Daisy was right?

As Rick was making a final circuit of the club, his eyes locked with Daisy for a split second. Her eyebrows rose in question and Rick was forced to shrug, mystified. Daisy smiled her huge smile, doing a brief little dance.

"Goddamn it," Rick muttered to himself. He got a text from Daisy: Sunday afternoon is perfect car washing time. I'll make you lemonade.

Even though he was disappointed, Rick had to smile.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Grenade!" Rick shouted as he jumped behind cover, trying to pin down the other guy with a spray of machine gun fire. He saw Tony and two other guys emerge from an out building and spread out, they were in an excellent position to outflank the base's defenders.

"Rick, cover me," Tony said as he and the guys made a run for it. Rick emerged from cover to do just that, but was killed almost immediately by an unseen sniper.

"Fucking shit damn!" Rick shouted, dropping his controller in anger for a moment. He hadn't been into the multiplayer thing much before Tony got him hooked, and now it was a common weeknight activity. As soon as he respawned he called out "Watch out for the fucking sniper! He's camping like a motherfucker up there."

Rick was chasing some guy around a corner when his doorbell rang, followed seconds later by someone knocking on the door. Rick glanced at the time and saw that it was nearly ten o'clock. He wasn't expecting anyone.

"I'll be back on in a sec," he told his teammates as he logged out to the game lobby. Whoever was out there door knocked again, harder. "Okay! I'm coming. Jesus, keep your pants on," Rick said as he peeked through the peephole, surprised and excited to see Daisy waiting outside. "Oo, or don't," he said softly to himself.

Rick and Daisy had been having their little affair for maybe a month now, and so far Rick's only complaint was that he was becoming completely addicted to her. Her video had come and gone without anyone noticing, apparently, and he and Daisy found opportunities to get together once or twice a week. They'd yet to go out on a date or anything, instead spending their time fucking each other senseless, eating in, talking, and fucking some more. But Daisy had never just shown up at his door like this, so Rick wondered what was up as he unlocked and pulled it open.

"Daze this is a lovely surpr-oof!" he grunted as she launched herself at him, her arms and legs wrapping around him as she kissed him hungrily, her tongue invading his mouth in between biting sucks on his lips. Rick staggered back, the door closing on its own as he managed to slowly lower himself to the floor. "Hon, mm, Daisy wait, I, mm," he tried to talk, but she wasn't having it, her hand already unfastening his shorts.

Rick decided to play along as he rolled over, sliding one hand into Daisy's pants. Slipping past her panties, he was stunned to find her pussy utterly soaked, hot and dripping with lust. As his fingers slid along her crease, liberally coated in her cream, he looked down into her dark eyes in surprise.

"Rick, I need you inside me right this fucking second," she hissed, already pulling her clothes off. Rick had never seen her like this and could tell she was in no mood for teasing. Within seconds his shorts were off and he had rolled between Daisy's thighs, quickly sliding his cock head through her folds a few times to get it wet. "Rick honey stop fucking teasing me please go-Ah!" she gasped as he pressed into her.

"Daisy, fucking hell," Rick groaned. He'd never felt her so tight; it was like trying to fuck a keyhole. Daisy reached down and pulled her lips open, Rick working with her to get his head properly seated. Rick pushed hard and they both groaned as his fat head slipped inside.

"Oh yes, just like that baby please don't stop," Daisy cried out, her eyes fluttering closed as she felt Rick's fat head spreading her open. "Rick, unh, I know you like to go slow but please just fuck your cock into me," she pleaded, her heels already trying to pull him in deeper. "I need it honey, oh fuck, please..."

Rick rocked slowly for two or three strokes, his head barely in her. He was kissing her softly around her neck, which she loved, and couldn't help but smile at her frustrated cries. He slowly drew back and just as he slammed forward he bit her shoulder hard. Daisy cried out, her whole body shaking as his cock slammed right to the root in one stroke.

"Oh, you motherfucker, you, unh," she grunted as Rick began to slowly, powerfully fuck her, pulling up so he could look into her dark brown eyes as he pounded into her. With each deep thrust Daisy would give a grunt, a gasp, a sigh. Rick might not have known why, but he could see that Daisy was already nearing an enormous orgasm. "Oh fuck baby, yes, just like that, fuck me, fuck my tight little pussy."

Rick responded with a deep, bruising kiss, pinning Daisy's wrists back against the floor with one big hand. Reaching back, Rick placed her ankles over his shoulders one at a time, Daisy's face turning a little nervous. He leaned over her, pressing her thighs way back, practically bending her in half. He thrust in hard and Daisy grunted, his cock just touching her core from this angle.

"I'll fuck your pussy," Rick grunted, his voice dark. He began a brutal, hammering pounding that made Daisy's eyes roll back in her head. Her pussy was flooding with juice, and she could feel it dripping along her ass crack to the wood floor below.

"Oh, oh oh Rick, oh fuck, fuck me, fuck me!" she screamed out, her orgasm exploding as she felt his fat head nudge against her cervix. Rick felt her juices gush over him and didn't relent, if anything he pounding against her harder, his balls bouncing off her firm cheeks as he slammed into her. Daisy gasped under him, her orgasm continuing as Rick fucked her. "Oh, oh oh... Oh god baby please cum..." Daisy groaned, a tear slipping from her eye as pleasure exploded with each thrust of his cock.

"God Daze, I... Unh!" Rick gasped as he thrust hard into her, holding her tight against him as he came, his cock pulsing in her. Daisy bore down on him hard with her pussy, and Rick shivered as they clung together on his living room floor.

"Christ baby," Daisy said as she lowered her legs, lying back on the hard floor with Rick still atop her, "I didn't know you had it in you."

"I'll rise to that challenge," Rick said, leaning back on shaky legs. Looking down at Daisy on the ground before him, he was amazed to feel his cock twitch, wanting more. She did look amazing like this: Flush from orgasm, panting sexily, her golden skin shining with sweat. The dark lips of her pussy were still open in arousal, Rick's seed beginning to drip out over her dark ass. No question now, Rick's cock was slowly recharging for another go. "Where did all that come from? And you always call before you come over."

"I'll tell you the story later," Daisy said, her head still back as she recovered from her orgasm. "If you carry me to your bed I'll make it worth your while," she said, grinning that huge grin.

Rick laughed, quickly picking her up and lifting her onto his shoulder in an easy fireman's carry. As Rick walked around his apartment shutting off lights and stuff, Daisy laughed as she dangled over his shoulder.

"Don't you dare drop me," she squealed, trying to hang on to him. 

"I'd never hurt you Daze," Rick said easily, going to shut off his xbox. Daisy managed to glance around his torso before he shut the screen off.

"I didn't know you played Modern Warfare," Daisy said easily, shifting till she was comfortable draped over his shoulder. She could get used to being carried around by a big strong man like this.

"Uh yeah, Tony got me into it," Rick explained as he headed toward his bedroom, a big hand exploring Daisy's perfect butt. "Don't tell me you play."

"My sister got me into it. I'll kick your ass," Daisy threatened cutely.

"Unlikely!" Rick said as he smacked her on the ass once, hard, before tossing Daisy onto his bed and jumping in after her. Beautiful, smart, sex-crazed, and she plays videogames? She really is perfect, Rick thought as she pulled his face to hers, kissing him passionately.

~~~~~~~~~~~

It was a week later when Rick's cell phone distracted him from the show he was watching. He had overdone it a little at the gym earlier that day and was taking it easy, an ice pack on his bad knee and a beer in his hand. Grabbing his phone, he was pleased to see it was Daisy.

"Hey you," he said easily, shifting his leg to a more comfortable position.

"Hey yourself. I'm heading over, I'm a few minutes away."

"Oh, okay I may not be-" Rick started, but laughed when he heard the click of Daisy hanging up. He did what he could to straighten up, hobbling around on his sore leg. It wasn't ninety seconds later when the doorbell rang and Rick opened the door for Daisy once again. "Evening," he said easily, pulling her close for a quick kiss.

"Hey hon. What happened to your knee?" she asked with real concern.

"It's okay, just tweaked it a bit. Old rugby injury," Rick said as he shut the door.

"If you're sure," she said, still eyeing his heavily wrapped knee with concern.

"What brings you by?" Rick asked, already pretty sure he knew the answer.

"I had something to show you," Daisy said. Rick grinned, thinking this would be the start of some sex play. He was surprised when she pulled an unlabeled DVD out of her purse. "My newest scene."

"Your... Wait you shot another scene? When?" Rick asked, unable to keep the hurt out of his voice. He knew he had no standing to be jealous, but he couldn't help it. He thought they had something great going, but she's letting Paul fuck her behind his back... 

Daisy seemed to read his thoughts, because she quickly stepped forward and kissed him softly, pulling him gently till he came with her to the couch. Rick sat, a little sullen, shifting his leg so his knee was comfortable. Daisy quickly went to his xbox, opening the tray and putting the disc in before joining him on the couch and grabbing his controller to set the video playing.

Rick was trying desperately to relax, to be cool with the whole thing. If you get too possessive you'll just drive her off, he chided himself, is that what you want? But even then, he didn't think he was going to be too into watching Daisy get fucked every which way by Paul or anyone else.

Which is why he was surprised when the video opened on a young redheaded girl walking through a mall. She was wearing a shockingly short miniskirt, and her small perky tits were on display through her thin t-shirt. She was wearing a little hoody that somehow made her even cuter as she stalked through the mall on her outrageously high heels.

"Who's that?"

"That's Faye. She's great," Daisy said simply, cuddling up on his left side, away from his bad knee.

The camera followed her around the mall for a few minutes, sometimes at a very low angle, looking up her skirt as her cute little butt jiggled with each step. She came to a small lingerie shop and, looking both ways, stalked inside. The camera cut to inside the shop, following Faye around as she selected a variety of naughty pieces. The camera panned away from Faye and her selections, and Rick had to laugh out loud when Daisy appeared on screen.

Daisy was dressed as a cop, but her uniform was not up to department standards. Knee high shiny leather boots with four-inch heels made her legs look endless and shockingly sexy. A dark blue micromini skirt, just a touch more than a belt, maintained her modesty. She wore a uniform shirt that had somehow been cut into a halter top, unbuttoned enough that her fantastic tits spilled halfway out. She was wearing a proper police hat, and was eyeing Faye with barely disguised suspicion, toying with her nightstick as she watched from afar.

"Uh oh, Officer Daisy looks fucking pissed," Rick said with a smile, his earlier concern largely forgotten.

"Hm," Daisy hummed in response, her hand slipping to Rick's thigh as she snuggled closer to him. Rick wrapped a big arm round her, his hand slipping to her side.

Faye, after gathering some sexy items, walked slowly to the store's dressing room. The camera joined her in there, of course, as she quickly stripped down, revealing her perky, pink-nippled breasts and her bright red tuft of pubic hair. She took a moment to consider herself in the mirror turning to examine her cute ass, brushing her fingers through her curls.

Daisy's hand slid to Rick's crotch as, on screen, Faye began trying on her naughty underwear. She pulled the items on slowly, taking a moment to stroke her slit, tease her nipples, or unnecessarily spread her ass to the camera. As she tried on a variety of skimpy, tight panties and barely-there bras, Daisy pulled Rick's steadily growing cock out of his pants and began to gently stroke it. Rick pulled her closer, his own hand sliding under her sweats to cup her butt gently.

On screen, Faye seemed to decide on her current outfit: a lacy black thong with a demi bra that did more to lift her breasts then hide them at all. Faye took a moment, rubbing her pussy slightly through her thin panties. Flashing a wicked smile, Faye quickly began to get dressed, stuffing the rest of the lingerie into her purse.

"Uh oh," Rick said loudly, "but she didn't pay for that!"

"Naughty girl," Daisy said quietly, rubbing her thumb across the top of his cock, spreading his flowing precum as she continued to gently stroke him.

Faye checked that the coast was clear and then walked confidently to the exit. She was just at the door when Officer Daisy grabbed her from behind.

"Where do you think you're going?" she said harshly, using her nightstick to hold Faye tight around the neck. "Come with me, you little slut."

The screen cut to a drab, cinderblock room dominated by a big plain table. The door opened and Officer Daisy roughly shoved Faye inside.

"Hey! You can't do this to me! I didn't do anything wrong!" Faye said firmly, stomping right up to Daisy.

"Drop the innocent act," Officer Daisy said, quickly yanking Faye's purse away and dumping it's contents all over the table. "Yeah, didn't think anyone noticed this did you, slut?" Daisy said, picking up the purloined panties and holding them up to Faye's face.

"Oh, I, uh, I meant to pay for those, but I..." 

"Shut up," Daisy said, completely unimpressed. "And I'm betting that that isn't the only thing you've stolen. Strip."

"What?"

"You heard me. I'll tear that shit off you myself if I have to," she said, pure authority.

"O-okay," Faye said softly, beaten, as she began to undress. She turned around in embarrassment, which gave Officer Daisy a chance to openly leer at her prisoner. In a few seconds Faye was in her stolen underwear and Daisy slowly stalked close to her in her high heels.

"You didn't pay for these either did you," Officer Daisy said quietly, her fingers toying with the lacy under things, touching Faye's pale flesh as well. Officer daisy stepped close, reaching up to unhook Faye's bra. Rick's cock stiffened further, Daisy grinning in the darkened room as she gripped him a little tighter, still idly stroking him.

"Oh, c'mon!" Faye whined. Faye sputtered excuses as Officer Daisy quickly stripped her naked, for some reason leaving her four inch heels on. "C'mon, please, I can't get in trouble. I'll do anything you say, just please don't bust me!"

"Anything?" Officer Daisy asked, gripping the redhead's chin tightly. Faye nodded submissively, clearly knowing where this was going. Daisy smiled evilly, her hand sliding along the girls pale belly to her bush. Faye moaned as Daisy's fingers slipped inside, exploring her pussy. Officer Daisy fucked her tight finger for a few moments, her fingers coming away shining in her juices.

"This turns you on, huh? You like me ordering you around you little slut?" Daisy said, backing up against the table. "I'll order you around. Eat my pussy, slut, make me cum on your tongue!" Daisy said firmly, pushing Faye to her knees as she hopped up on the table, pulling her short skirt up to her waist, baring her dark pussy to the camera.

