 It was a beautiful Saturday afternoon. I had come out to the park to watch my boyfriend, Aaron, play football with some friends. I sat back on the grass with the other girlfriends and wives and watched the men run around like little boys. By the time the game was over, I was laughing so hard my eyes were tearing up. Aaron ran over to me, flopping down beside me on the grass. He was sweaty and had a cut above his eye. His hands reached out and massaged my leg, his fingers slipping just inside the cuff of my shorts. I batted his hand away and he laughed.

Grabbing my hand, Aaron pulled me up and led me off for a walk. He was all energy and manly testosterone. We walked a little ways and then he led me down a path by the lake. He stopped, pushing me up against a tree. I didn't have time to ask what he was doing before his mouth came down on my lips. His kiss was urgent and hot, his tongue slipping between my lips. Aaron pushed up against me and I could feel how hard his cock was. 

Aaron pulled away and smiled at me, a wicked little smile. Pulling the bottom of my t-shirt up, his hands laid out across my stomach. As he nibbled on my bottom lip, his hands pushed my t-shirt up higher until his hands were cupping my breasts. I moaned into his mouth as his thumbs grazed across my nipples. I felt instant heat through my body. Aaron kissed my neck and then whispered in my ear, "I'm going to lick your pussy right here in the park."

Before I could say anything, his mouth was on mine again and his hands were stroking my breasts. My nipples were hard and they throbbed as Aaron lifted my shirt higher and I felt the cool air on my skin. Aaron had pulled down my bra and his fingers were massaging my hard nubs, squeezing them gently. Leaning down, Aaron's mouth closed around my left nipple and he sucked. I moaned, trying not to make a lot of noise. I could hear people around us, walking on the path. I heard all the sounds in the park but all I could feel was Aaron's mouth twirling around my nipple in small circles. I moaned.

Aaron's hand slid down my body as he sucked my nipples. His hand opened my shorts and slid inside. I was so wet and his hand felt so hot. He kissed my mouth again and as his finger slid inside my slick pussy, he whispered against my lips, "Are you getting hot for me yet? Do you want me to stop? Or do you want me to get on my knees right here and lick your sweet pussy until you cum?"

I moaned and nearly sagged down to my knees. He was making me hotter than ever. He smiled against my lips and then slowly slid down my body, his lips kissing his way down. His tongue flicked across my nipples and then over my stomach. Kneeling in front of me, he pulled slowly on my shorts, lowering them. My panties were drenched. Aaron leaned into me and I felt his lips on me through my panties. His tongue pushed my panties into me and then he kissed me again.

I grabbed behind me, holding onto the tree for support. I bit my bottom lip as Aaron pulled my panties down and I felt the air hitting my pussy now. Aaron moaned, looking at my bare pussy. Bringing his finger up, he brushed it across my soft fur and then slipped it between my legs. I moaned as the tip of his finger opened me slowly and moved inside. I was so tight, wrapping my flesh around his finger. Slowly, he pushed his finger deeper, down to the knuckle and then, just as slowly, he pulled his finger out. In and out, he played with me. 

Pushing my legs open wider, Aaron finally leaned in and I felt his lips on my bare pussy. I moaned as he kissed me gently and then slipped his tongue between my lips. In small, quick movements, Aaron ran his tongue up and down my sensitive slit, rubbing up one side and then down the other. I heard a couple walking on the path and I held my breath. I didn't want to make a sound. Aaron, knowing that I was nervous, pushed his tongue hard inside me and I bit my tongue to keep from yelling out. 

Through the trees, I could just barely make out the couple standing on the path. As Aaron's tongue circled my clit and then slid inside me, I watched them. If they turned around, they'd see me leaning back against the tree, hanging onto it for dear life, my t-shirt up around my shoulders, my breasts hanging out exposed. Aaron's tongue was flicking back and forth across the top of my pussy now. I felt his hands moving up my thighs, rubbing, massaging me. His fingers stopped just short of my pussy.

The couple moved on and I moaned a sigh of relief. I moaned another kind of sigh as I felt Aaron's fingers open my lips wider and his tongue push deep inside me. Arching my back, I pushed my pussy down onto his face. His tongue pushed up, his fingers slipped inside me. I wanted to cum and cum hard for him. I moaned and ground my hips, pushing my pussy down harder and faster.

Aaron was smiling against me, his face buried between my legs, his tongue diving upwards, pushing deeper and deeper inside me. I grabbed the tree and moaned as my orgasm ripped through me. Aaron kept sucking my pussy, stroking me with his tongue.

Rising slowly, Aaron stood against me and kissed my mouth. I tasted myself on him. His hands massaged my breasts and his tongue worked it's way inside my mouth, stroking my mouth as his tongue had stroked my pussy. His hands rubbed my nipples, squeezing and pulling on them.

"I'm not done yet. You're going to cum again for me."

His fingers reached down between my legs and I moaned as they pushed up inside me. First one finger and then another followed, opening me wide. I couldn't stand it. As his fingers fucked me, his mouth was sucking on my nipples.

"Cum for me, baby. Cum on my fingers. I want to hear you cum."

I moaned and his fingers worked faster and faster. I heard another sound on the path and I tried to hold my breath. Aaron wouldn't let me. As his finger pushed inside me, his thumb stroked my clit. I bit down on my lip and stifled a moan as my body shook with another orgasm. My body shivered and pushed down on his fingers. Aaron smiled.

Lifting his fingers to his mouth, he sucked them clean. He smoothed my pussy with his hand and then leaned down to pull up my panties and my shorts. Kissing my breasts one last time, he pulled my t-shirt down, covering me. My bra was still down and they lifted up my breasts, my nipples hard through my shirt. He kissed my lips and told me were going home now. He wanted to fuck me hard all night long. I hope Aaron's playing football again next Saturday. I love Saturday's in the park.