 This my first attempt at a first person story. There will be some typo's and some bad grammar for the OCD'ers. If that's a problem, click the back button.

*****

Eric and Gary are best friends and they are both single. They are both in their middle 30's. They have know each other since grade school. Their big common interest is deer hunting. They have hunted together from the time they were old enough to get a license. They load their own ammo and have all the top of the line hunting gear. 

They are both well to do. Eric is a very successful real estate broker and Gary is the owner of a security company. A few years ago they purchased 500 acres of prime hunting territory. It's 150 miles from the city where they live. It's posted and gated to keep other hunters away. They built a nice log cabin five miles from the main road. There is only one road going in. It's set up with all the comforts of home. They also built a garage a few yards from the cabin. It's big enough to hold two pickup trucks and two quad runners. The cabin is set up with a propane generator, propane heating system and a satellite dish. They are off the grid. Every fall after the first snow they pack up and go hunting. 

They have another thing they like to do to add a little fun to the hunt. They kidnap a young woman and take her to the cabin. She will be their fuck toy till they fill their tags. Gary has set up a few cameras inside the cabin to record the action. There is a monitor in the garage. They check it each time they come back from hunting to see what the woman is up to.

************************** 

"Well, Bud. We're all set up. All the food, all the beer. What else do we need."

"PUSSY!"

"Yes. Let's go hunting."

"What are we getting this year? Redhead, blonde...what?"

"How about a blonde with a shaved pussy. Oh, and big tits."

"We had a brunette last year. We need a change."

************************ 

Sarah walks out of the department store. She is carrying three bags filled with clothes. She broke up with her boyfriend two months ago and she needs a good shopping trip to get her mind right. She gets in her car and drives to CVS. She needs some batteries for her vibrators. She gets a twelve pack of double A and a four pack of D. The D's are for 'Big Bob'. She hasn't had the courage to try it out yet. It's extra large. She has hope.

As she comes out of the store she sees a big four wheel drive truck parked next to her car. Two guys are standing by it.

"Excuse me, maam. Is this you car?"

"It's my friends car. What about it?"

"My dumb ass buddy is the worlds worst driver. He put a dent in your car."

"Damn. Why do you let him drive?"

"I have a note pad in the truck. I'll give you all my information for your insurance claim."

I watch the guy get a note pad out of his console. Suddenly I feel a huge jolt of pain. I hear a scream and my mind goes blank. I slowly come around and everything is black. My hands are bound behind my back. I can hear the low roar of the tires on the highway. Panic sets in. I know I've been kidnapped. I have no idea of my fate. Will I be killed, raped or what. I listen for some clue of what's happening to me. All I hear is the roar of the road.

**************************** 

"Let's get her inside so we can explain what's happening."

They take me inside and seat me on what I think is a sofa. The tape is removed from my eyes and mouth. One guy is standing by me and the other is sitting watching us.

"Please don't hurt me. I can give you money if you let me go. You can take my car. I'll sign it over to you."

"What's your name?"

"Sarah"

'We don't want your money or your car. We just want you. We want you to stay with us and be our wife for a few days."

"Your wife. What are you talking about. Just let me go and I promise not to say anything to anyone. Please."

"We didn't go to all this trouble just to let you go. Let me explain the rules."

"What rules?"

"While you're here you will keep house and give us you body. We won't hurt you if you obey us. Do whatever we tell you when we tell you. It's very simple. Do you understand?"

"And if I don't?"

"You will do it. You can choose the hard way or the easy way. The rules are not up for debate. Now, what will it be?"

I scream at them, "You bastards. Let me go."

"OK, I guess it's the hard way. Stand up."

One of the guys pulls a huge knife from a scabbard on his belt. He holds it in front of my face.

"Please don't cut me. Please."

"I'm not going to cut you. Don't worry. We don't want a damaged wife."

He slowly cuts the buttons on my blouse. It falls open. He pulls it down off my shoulders. He cuts my bra and pulls it open, exposing breasts. I feel the blood run to my face. I am helpless before him.

"I thought so. Nice breasts. Hardly any sag. And nice big nipples. Do you like to have them sucked on till they're nice and hard? Are they connected to you pussy? Does your pussy get wet when someone sucks on them?"

"Please, don't make me do this. Please."

He turns me around and cuts the tape holding my hands. My blouse and bra falls to the floor.

"Now, take off your pants and panties. I want to see you naked."

"Please, please."

"That wasn't a request. Take them off."

I slowly pull my pants and panties off. I have no choice but to do as he says.

"Turn slowly and show me your body. Put your hands on top of your head."

I turn completely around and stop, facing him. He tells me to spread her feet apart. I can only obey. He walks around behind me. I can feel his eyes devouring my body.

"Put your hands on your knees. Show me your pussy and asshole."

I bend over. Tears are coming to my eyes. They have taken my dignity and humiliated me.

"Good girl. See, it's not so hard, is it?"

Eric says, "She going to be ok. Just a little more training. I think we have a winner."

"Sarah. Another rule. You will stay naked all the time unless we tell you to wear something. Do you understand?"

"Yes."

"Now, it's lunch time. Make some lunch for all of us. Maybe soup and sandwiches."

They both sit and watch me. They do a high five.

As I make lunch I look around. Maybe there is a way I can escape. The windows have bars. That leaves the door. It looks strong. Maybe they will both leave and I can sneak out. I'll need some clothes and boots. The bad thing is that I'll leave tracks in the snow. Maybe if I stay on the road I can make it. I'll keep my eyes open for a chance. I have to try.

We finish lunch and both guys go outside. This my chance to look around. I know the windows aren't the way out. I try the door and find it locked from the outside. The only hope is that they forget to lock it when they leave next time. I hear them at the door and quickly go sit on the sofa.

"Sarah. You've been a bad girl. You were looking for a way to get away."

"Do you blame me. I don't want to be here. I'll try anything to get away."

"I'm sorry you said that. You've been a bad girl and now you will be punished."

"Oh my god. Please don't hurt me. I promise not to try again. Please."

"See that paddle hanging on the door. Bring it to me."

"No. no. Please. I'll be good. I promise."

"BRING ME THE PADDLE, NOW!"

I quickly realize I screwed up. I should have known better. Now I have to pay the price. I bring the paddle to him. He sits on the sofa.

"Lay on my lap face down."

I know what's coming. I'm going to be spanked like a little child. I have no choice but to obey. I lay across his lap waiting for the first blow. I'll try not to give them the satisfaction of crying out. The first blow hits me. I manage not to cry out. The second is harder. It hurts like hell. The third is harder still. I cry out.

"Please, no more. I promise to be good. I promise."

Another blow harder than the first three. Tears flood my eyes and I scream. Two more and I go limp. I surrender. He stops and takes me in his arms, sitting me on his lap.

"OK, that's all for now. You need to learn to be a good girl. I don't like to spank you but you leave me no choice."

He gently hugs me and caresses my sore butt cheeks. He lifts my chin and kisses me.

"That's a good girl."

He holds me till my tears stop. He gently wipes them away and kisses my eyes. His kisses are so tender. I lean my head on his chest. His hand slides down between my legs. To my surprise my pussy lips are wet. I can't believe a spanking made me wet. 

"You're wet from that spanking. Did that turn you on a little. I've heard that some pain can be a pleasure. Is that true with you."

I don't answer. I just give up to the tender way he is holding me. His fingers feel good on my pussy lips. My legs open by themselves. I feel his fingers rubbing my moistness around. He sticks one finger in me. My legs open a little more.

"Open wide for me, Sarah. I'll make you feel good. Your pussy is wet for me."

His fingers feel good in my pussy and I know I shouldn't resist him. I open wider for him. My breathing is getting heavier. He sticks another in me. He slowly starts finger fucking me. My pussy juice starts to run down my ass crack. His lips find mine and he gently kisses me again. His tongue licks across my lips. I let them open and take his tongue in. I gently suck on it. I can't believe how I'm responding to him. My mind says no and my body says yes. My body is winning the argument. He lifts me and puts me on the floor, on my knees in front of him.

"Take my clothes off, Sarah. I want to be naked for you. I want you to see what's going in your hot wet pussy."

My mind says no as I unbutton his shirt. Slowly I pull it up and off. I run my hands over his hairy chest. His fingers are gently tweaking my nipples, keeping me aroused. I unbuckle his belt and open his fly. He lifts his hips and I pull his pants down. My eyes pop open as I see his huge cock pop up. It must be at least ten inches and it's full hard. He tweaks my nipples again and lightening bolts hit my pussy.

"It's all yours, Sarah. Have your way with it. You're not a virgin. You know what to do."

"It's so big. I've never had one that big. You're going to rip me open with it."

I lean over and kiss the head. My tongue comes out and touches it. His manly scent and taste makes my pussy juice flow more. I take all I can in my mouth and suck and lick it. He groans and I know I'm doing a good job. I'll try to do my best for him. I don't want another spanking. He helps sit astride his lap. I move till it's touching my pussy lips.

"Just go slow as you take it in. Slide it in nice and easy. Once it's in all the way you'll love it."

I rub it around on my pussy lips, making sure it's wet. I pop the head in. It stretches me out and an instant orgasm racks my body.

"Oh god. Yes. Yes."

I can't believe how easy I came for him. It must be his huge cock. It feels so amazing with just the head in. He puts his hands on my hips and pulls me down on it. The sensation of my pussy stretching makes my brain fuzzy. It feels so good. He pulls me down all the way and I feel the head touch my cervix. I hear myself scream and an intense orgasm takes me.

"Oh fuck. So big in me. Huge cock in my pussy. Fucking yes."

"I told you it would be good. Your pussy is so tight I think you're a virgin. There's a little more. Take it all in. let it slide into your cervix."

I push down and feel the head push against my cervix. I look down and there are still two more inches to go. I push harder and feel it open. The pleasure increases and he opens me. I feel my cervix around his cock head. It closes behind his cock head. I suddenly realize he's in my womb.

"Please don't cum in me. Pull out and cum on me. Cum on my face or my tits. I'm not on birth control"

He doesn't seem to hear me. All I can hear are his moans and my pussy holds him. He flexes his cock and I feel it swell in me. I hear myself scream and another orgasm hits me. Each one is more intense than the last. He waits for me to come down and flexes again. I scream and cum again. He waits again till I come down and makes me cum again. I'm losing control to the intense pleasure. I have never cum like this before.

"Fuck me, Sarah. Fuck me hard. Make me cum in you. Take my hot cum in your pussy."

I hear him tell me to make him cum. I know I shouldn't but my body and mind are under his control. I gently move his cock in and out of my cervix and squeeze him. I want to please him. I keep squeezing and milking his cock. Soon I feel the head swell. I know he his ready to fill me with his cum.

"Fuck me. Fuck me. Cum in me. Fuck me. Fuck my pussy and fill it with your cum."

His cock pulses and I feel his hot cum squirt in me. I scream and cum with him. The orgasm overwhelms me and my mind goes blank.

"Holy shit. She passed out. What a woman. She is amazing."

Light come back to my eyes. I can feels his cock pumping cum in me. I cum again with him. He has a huge cock and he knows how to use it.

'You fucker. What did you do to me. I think I passed out. I have never cum like that."

"You think that was good. Wait till we double team you. You will never want a small cock again."

I roll off his lap and lay beside him. He pulls me under his arm and cuddles with me. I have just had the best fuck of my life. I couldn't be happier.

"Do you guys do this all the time or am I just special?"

"You're special. We saw you at the store and knew we had to have you."

"I'm concerned that I'll get pregnant but I suppose you two aren't worried about it. I finished my period about a week ago. I guess I'm ripe now or soon will be."

"We only go bareback. Nothing between our cocks and your sweet pussy."

'You're big long cock was all the way in my womb. I expect those little swimmers are on their way."

"Yeah. We intend to keep you full of cum for about two weeks."

"Aw fuck. I'll be knocked up for sure."

'You can fuck your boyfriend as soon as you get home. He will think it's his."

"Yeah, that will work except I don't have one. We broke up about two months ago. I caught him in bed with is best friend. He is bi. I got myself checked to see if I had any STD. I came up clean."

"Go clean up. It's Eric's turn now. You need a little more cum in you."

While I'm taking a shower my mind is running. Here I am, kidnapped and getting fucked. I can't believe I'm getting ready to get fucked again and looking forward to it. My pussy is totally in control of me. I have never been like this. The reason is I've never had cocks this big before. I chuckle to myself. I've become a size queen. I dry off and go looking for my next big cock.

I hurry to Eric and take his shirt off. I open his pants and pull them down. Eric doesn't disappoint me, He is hung too. His cock is at least as big as Gary's. He pinches my nipples as I suck his cock. Soon my pussy juice is running freely. Both of these guys fire my rocket. I'm amazed at how much and how quick I respond to them. I taste his pre cum flowing from his cock. It's time to fuck him. I get on his lap and pop his cock head in my soaked pussy. He pulls me down hard. I cum twice getting it all in. when it hits my cervix I cum again.

"Fuck yes. Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me. Yes. Oh fucking god, yes."

'Work on it, Sarah. Make my cum shoot in your womb. Take it all in."

His cock is at the entrance of my cervix. I push a little and feel it enter. My cervix closes on his cock head and holds it in place. It's ready for his cum. I decide to try to make him cum just using my pussy muscles.

"Hold still. Let me make you cum with my pussy muscles. I think I can do it."

I rock and squeeze. Every now and then he flexes and makes me cum. After a few minutes I feel his cock swell. He is groaning and moaning.

"Now. Make me cum. I'm almost there."

I give him one hard squeeze and grind his bone on my clit. We both scream and cum at the same time. His cock is pumping cum in me and my pussy is milking it into my womb. We are both pushing our pubes together. He holds deep in me till his cock stops pumping. My pussy keeps milking him, getting the last drops of his cum. I roll off his lap and snuggle up next to him.

"Just fucking amazing how you two can fuck. Never before had it been like this."

Gary grabs my arm and pulls me to the floor. Cum is running down my legs. He pulls my ass up and moves behind me. I spread my legs. I'm ready for him to take me doggie. His cock slides in my slimy pussy and pokes into my cervix. I push back, making sure he is in all the way. I squeeze him hard and hear him groan. He holds deep in me and flexes his cock quickly four times. I scream and cum hard. He is owning my pussy and mind. He thrusts in and out of my cervix. My orgasms run together. It seems like one long one. My nerve endings are firing all over my body and brain. Finally I feel his cock swell. His hot cum squirts in my womb and I scream and cum with him. He falls on my back. I'm too weak to hold him and we both fall to the floor. We are both gasping trying to regain our breath. He pulls me to him and spoons me. I push back and hold his hands to my breasts.

Strange thoughts run through my mind. Here I am, kidnapped and getting fucked and fucked and loving every minute of it. This isn't supposed to happen in real life. It must be some kind of weird dream. I wonder how it will affect my life after this is over. I know I'll never be satisfied with a normal sized cock.

*********************** 

Bright sunlight hits me in the eyes. I stretch, yawn and sit up. I look around are it all comes back to me. My pussy feels well used and I have cum all over me. I get up and shower. My stomach growls at me and I make some toast and coffee. Everything is quiet as I sit and think about last night. I remember getting my brains fucked out. I smile and look out the window. The sunlight is bright reflecting off the snow. I hear a gunshot way off in the distance. I suspect Eric or Gary shot a deer. I clean up the kitchen and make up the beds. I must be a good little housewife or I'll get paddled again. No way I want that to happen. Once was too many times. I flop on the couch and watch TV waiting till the guys come back. Soon I hear an engine approaching. Gary comes in.

"I heard a gunshot. Did one of you kill a deer?"

"Yeah. Eric got a nice three by two. We will have some good venison steak tonight."

"I'm not sure how to cook it. Is it like beef?"

"It's very lean. Just bread it and pan fry it. Leave it pink in the middle. Make some boiled potatoes and some poochie gravy in the frying pan. Add a vegetable and that should do it."

"I can do that. I know how to make gravy. My Mom used to make it."

"How you feeling this morning. Did you get fucked too much yesterday?"

"I'm fine. Just a little tender. You two are animals."

"You think so? Wait till tonight. We're going to DP you. You know what that is, don't you?"

"No."

"Double penetration. Two cocks in you at the same time. Has anyone been in your ass yet?"

"I tried it once. It hurt way too much. We had to stop."

"We'll show you how it's done the right way. Just lots of lube and you have to relax. You'll love it."

"I'm afraid it will hurt. Just take it easy on me. OK?"

"We'll give you a picture of both of us in you. You can frame it and hang it on your wall."

"Yeah, I'll want to do that. All my friends can see it."

"Make some lunch. Eric will be in soon. He is skinning and bagging the deer."

********************** 

That evening they go off on a hunt again. Just after dark they return. Eric brings in some back strap and the heart. He slices it up.

"Fry this up for dinner. We're starving."

"You're eating the heart?"

"Yep. It's a ritual of our hunting. The heart gives us the deer's power. You'll feel it tonight."

"I've never been deer fucked before. That should be special."
