 Please feel free to leave any feed back...I enjoy hearing opinions on my stories...and they may prompt me to write some more about these two...;)

* * * * *

She stretches her body in a long arc, much like that of a cat. Her coquettish sheer baby doll negligee expands, and her perfect, natural mounds of creamy white flesh pop out. The cold air rubs against her skin, making tight pink points of sensation out of her nipples.

She knows he is watching her. The room is large and lit by a few candles, giving an erotic glow to everything. She can sense him, even though she has no idea where he is. He wants her...he needs her to be naked and she knows that. He is playing this game to get the ultimate prize...the one thing she with holds from him. Although adept at oral sex, she has never allowed him to gaze at her pussy, to taste it, to touch it or to fuck it. But tonight it different. She has decided that tonight she will expose it all in this giant hotel room.

Saying not a word, nor replacing the nightgown, she begins a slow caress of her own body. Starting at her neck, she lets her finger tips glide down the milky flesh, to lift up the flaming red locks only to flick them over her breasts, acting as a sheer curtain. She pinches her sweet pink buds through the sheet of hair, letting her small tongue dart out to lick along the full lower lip. She knows he is starting to get hard already. Her hands flutter to her belly button, over her slightly curved tummy, to graze her panties. She is damp, her pussy tight and very rarely used, as she is very picky who she gives her sweet cunt to. She turns and bends, giving an awesome view of translucent skin covering toned, curved buttocks and sleek legs...legs that would soon be wrapped around his face as he slips his tongue into her sweet slit. The thong she wears stretches and gives him an enticing view of her pussy. But a short one. She soon stands up, and slips the lingerie off. 

She knew his mouth went dry. With her lush lips, long red hair and pale skin, she was stunning. She turned in the darkened chamber, trying to see if he had yet to expose himself. But alas, she must wait, for he must have wanted even more before he took her.

She slipped off her lacy thong, kicking it across the room with her foot. She stood there...in her naked glory. Glowing in the dim light, she looked ethereal and unreal. To perfect to be of this world. Her breasts were large, her waist small, her hips lush. And between her legs lay the sweetest thing of all. She sat on the edge of the bed, and parted her legs just a little. A hint of her darling clit poked out. She heard him breathing from some where in the room. She smiled, and put a hand to her breast, bringing it to her lips and taking her own nipple in her mouth, laving it with her tongue like a lover. Her legs parted further as her pussy began to really flow. Closely trimmed, her cunt was very tight and pronounced. She had full pouty lips that framed a beautiful dark pink and swollen slit. Beginning to moan, she moved to her other breast. She heard a zipper in the back ground of her horny thoughts. He had to know how bad her pussy burned. She needed his tongue in her slit now. She brought her feet to rest on the bed and lay back. Slowly spreading her soft thighs, the candle light played across her mound as she spread apart her pussy. 

It was a breath taking sight. She knew she smelled sweet. Her clit swelled and begged to be sucked. She put a finger in her mouth and then moved it to her hard bud. She began a slow massage of her pearl, the sensation making her toes curl.

Then, he was next to her. He laid his lips across hers, his tongue darting in her mouth and tasting of brandy. Although the kiss was deep, he broke away to look at what she had deprived him of for so long. He slithered down the bed, and took up the job of holding her lips apart. There he gazed at her, looked hard at her pussy. His breathing quickened, his sculpted lips parting and descending towards her. His breath was hot as he inhaled her essence. By now she was turning and twisting, needing his tongue on her twat. She soon got what she wanted. 

He went straight for it, slipping his tongue into her moist slit. His tongue pistoned in and out of the sweetest pussy he had ever tasted. She moaned and held his head to her as he devoured her. He pulled his tongue out and sucked on her throbbing clit like a starving man. She was dripping with her arousal by now, and couldn’t get enough of him. She rolled her shapely hips into his face, matching his pace as he pushed a finger into her tight channel. That did it for her. As he curled his fingers into her g spot, she came hard, arching and screaming for him. A thin sheen of sweat covered her body as he made himself content with kissing the skin above her clit as she cooled. 

He was far from done though. Now that he had tasted her, he wanted to be in her. He crawled like a cat from on the floor between her legs to hover above her. With his massive shoulders, he blocked out all the rest of the world from view. He slid an arm behind her shoulders and brought her to lay upon the pillows. His erection was out, and it was beautiful. Long and pulsing, he would put most men to shame. Slipping his pants off, she grabbed for his cock so she could gobble him up. He straddled her chest as she rubbed her lips all over the hot head of his prick. His pre cum dripped out, urging her to lap it all up. She suddenly took him all in her mouth and sucked hard, using her tongue to massage him. He was almost lost to his orgasm, but stopped her just in time. Getting back in position, he slipped into the cradle of her thighs, and positioned his throbbing member at the gateway to heaven. Using gentle finger tips to hold the delicate flesh of her womanhood apart, he entered her. 

The bulbous head of his cock stretched her tiny opening. Her hips shot upwards, trying to embed him even deeper inside her body. His lips slanted across hers as he plunged hard and fast, slipping his manhood all the way in her. He was huge and throbbing, stretching the walls of her tight cunt. She had the tightest pussy he had ever been in. Her muscles contracted around his pulsing meat, milking his cock. He began to move, slipping in and out of her pussy slowly at first, letting her get used to his invasion. Her juices flowed everywhere, lubricating her clit. He took advantage of that, and used a finger to flick it every so often. 

She was in heaven, with this massive cock in her tiny pussy and her lover stretching her all the way open. Her hips rolled as she kissed him, fucking his mouth with her hot tongue, much in the same way he was fucking her body. He felt her begin to climax, and stopped. He pulled out of her little body with a sloppy pop, and rolled her onto her back. She understood immediately and complied. Her glistening cunt, open and dripping was a beautiful sight. Her pert ass in the air, he kissed along her cheeks before imbedding himself back into her. he could watch now as he fucked her. His cock looked so huge and red against her pink as he flexed in and out of her. 

He grabbed her hips, and prepared for the deepest plunge yet. He pulled out, only to slam back into to her so his balls slapped her tight ass. He reached around to her tits, pulling her nipples the way he knew she loved. She was moaning loudly, an animal in heat. They were no longer human, but primitive fucking machines, only needing dick and pussy and orgasm. He gave her the ride of her life. He pounded her tight cunt mercilessly, grinding his nine inches in and out of her virgin like slit. Finally, with a scream, her head tossed back in a wave of flame, she came in a gushing wave of sweat, juices and lust. He gladly came with her, the clenching of her pussy to much to bear. He pour his thick, hot cum inside her now gaping hole, not moving until he grew soft and fell out.

They collapsed on the bed, this being the first of many new things they would try together. Falling asleep, they had no idea of what they would be doing next. They only knew the hum of satisfying sex.