 This is the true story of a former girlfriend, although some details have been altered to protect privacy.

*

Charlotte and I met online and lived about three hours apart. We arranged to meet for dinner halfway and there was a great deal of chemistry between us. Apart from some kissing we did not get physical that evening, but it was understood that we would next time and agreed to meet again in two weeks. 

During that time we spoke on the phone every night, often for several hours. It was exciting to get to know this wonderful woman, and our conversations helped distract me from the feeling that our next meeting seemed eons away. We talked about what we liked to do in bed and Charlotte was very in tune with her sexuality. Unlike some younger women (we are both in our early 40s) and despite her shy nature, she had the experience be very up front about what she enjoyed. 

They say to watch out for the quiet ones, and this proved true for Charlotte. While I found out early on that she was highly sexual, I was surprised and delighted at some of the things that turned her on. She was a bit of an exhibitionist, and suggested she might like it if I were to order her to go in public without underwear or a bra. I'm on the dominant side, and after some discussion she admitted she had always wanted to be sexually submissive, but hadn't had the opportunity in prior relationships. But the real surprise came when I talked about how much I was looking forward to tasting her pussy. 

"After you go down on me", she said slowly and softly, "I want to kiss you."

She seemed to sense my eyebrows shooting up. "Really?" I said. 

It turned out Charlotte's very favorite thing was to taste herself. I drew her out on this a bit and she shyly told me more. While it wasn't something she typically did on her own, as she seldom masturbated, she loved to taste her pussy on her partner. I was fascinated as she described what she envisioned for our next meeting. She wanted me to fuck her and then pull out occasionally so she could suck my cock to clean it off. She wanted me to put it in her mouth as quickly as possible after pulling out of her pussy, and she would lick and suck every bit of her juices off of me. Then back inside her until I was again nice and covered, and again pull out for her to suck it. We came to call this "going back and forth". Charlotte was one of the lucky women who easily had orgasms from intercourse, and while not a squirter, she would lubricate heavily when she came. So she especially wanted to "go back and forth" immediately after she had an orgasm. 

While I've had other girlfriends who would suck my cock after intercourse, this was usually just a matter of convenience. Some would wipe it with their hands or a towel first. A few wouldn't do it at all unless I washed up. But none seemed to enjoy it, so I was fascinated with Charlotte's interest in this activity, and it was a huge turn-on. 

We talked in more and more detail until the day of our next meeting finally arrived. This again was a nice change from how younger girls can be too shy to discuss sex in detail. By the time we went to bed together, Charlotte and I already had a very good idea of what we wanted to happen and how. 

Charlotte had invited me to her house, and we had agreed that she would wait for me in bed. She would wear a white nightie and white thigh-high stockings, and would stay completely quiet. After letting myself into the house I made a point of hanging my coat and washing my hands leisurely. I wanted to make her wait and let the excitement build. 

I finally crawled into bed and for the first time felt Charlotte's skin against mine. She was a petite blonde, with ice blue eyes and an impish smile. She was small-breasted, which I prefer, and I was delighted to find she had very prominent nipples – the kind that poke out, that I love to squeeze painfully. Our kisses were wet and hungry but she continued to stay silent, waiting for me to tell her what to do as we had discussed. I finally told her to close her eyes and spread her legs for me, and I slid down until I was staring at her wet pussy. Charlotte's breath was heavy with lust, and I made a point of pushing her knees back to open her up and make her feel exposed. She knew I was looking at her spread open pussy, and this fed into her exhibitionist tendencies. Later she told me how she felt both shy and hugely excited in that moment, knowing that I was seeing her this way and would later be taking photos. 

My first taste of Charlotte's pussy confirmed that she was sweet, delicious and very wet. I teased her for a while before really getting down to it, sliding two fingers inside while I licked her clit. When her orgasm arrived she squeezed my head so hard with her thighs that I could barely hear her cries. Then it happened. As soon as she stopped heaving from her orgasm Charlotte pulled me up to her and kissed me hard. She moaned into my mouth as she tasted her pussy, then licked the sides of my face to get it all. I've been with many highly sexual and desirable women, but the sheer wantonness of that moment was something different altogether. It was like she was getting what she always wanted, and it was a huge turn-on for us both. 

Charlotte still hadn't seen my cock, and smiled with excitement at the big reveal when she pulled off my boxers. She loved to suck cock, and we had discussed how much more she thought she might enjoy it if I made her feel submissive about it. Looking her right in the eye, I stood up and tossed a pillow on the floor next to the bed. Nodding toward it I said, "On your knees."

She dutifully knelt and waited for me, blue eyes staring up at me. I sat in front of her on the side of the bed and told her to suck my cock. She began licking me all over and then took me completely into her mouth. Then she did something else I'd never seen before from another girl...

A lot of girls, even if they enjoy sucking cock, can be a little touchy about what a guy does with his hands. I've had a couple of girlfriends who didn't want me to touch their face or heads while they were working on me. One complained that she wanted to control the depth, not be forced down on it. One hated cum in her mouth and was afraid I'd hold her down when I came. Another just couldn't stand having her hair messed up, and would threaten to stop if I touched her head (I wasn't with that one for very long). 

Charlotte was cut from different cloth. She took my hand and slowly, but firmly, brought it to the back of her head and gave a little push. She wanted me to hold her in place. Again, I'm dominant and I recognize when a girl is asking to be treated firmly. So I held her there, worked my fingers into her hair and gradually took over the pace. She later told me how she felt being there on her knees with my cock in her mouth – completely at peace. 

It was now time for the main event. During our phone conversations we had discussed the age-old question, "What's your favorite position?" My answer was a bit more detailed than the usual missionary or doggy. I explained exactly what I expected from a submissive girl. I call it "assuming the position":

Lay on your back Cross your wrists above your head Spread your legs, knees up and back Turn your head to the side Keep quiet

When I told Charlotte it was time, she knew what to do. It was thrilling to see this shy girl comply with my desires and embrace the submissiveness of the act. Kneeling up between her open legs, I took a moment to just look. So beautiful, so submissive, feeling so exposed. I leaned in and slid my cock into her. Charlotte's pussy was so wet, it was incredible. She lubricated more than any other woman I'd been with. She knew from our conversations how much I enjoyed talking during sex. So she expected it when I whispered in her ear. 

"Such a good girl."

"What a good little slut, spreading your legs for me."

She stayed quiet until I asked a direct question. "How do you like that cock?"

"I love it! You own me!"

"What do you want now?" I asked.

She moaned and gasped, but didn't answer. "Tell me", I said.

"You know! I want to clean you off!"

I smiled and fucked her for another minute before asking if she was ready. She nodded enthusiastically, and I slowly, luxuriously pulled out of her wetness. Charlotte jumped up as I flipped over onto my back. With an intense look on her face she quickly engulfed my cock and moaned with delight as though eating a delicious dessert. She took me as deeply as possible several times, then pulled off and began eagerly licking the base of my cock where her juices had accumulated. I've hardly ever seen such unrestrained lust from a woman. 

When she had cleaned me off thoroughly Charlotte pulled me on top of her again. She had a harder time staying quiet as I fucked her, and I whispered in her ear with all the harshness I could muster, "Don't cum yet. You're going to clean me off a couple more times first."

She moaned at this, loving that I was controlling the encounter. After another minute I again pulled out and offered her my cock. Charlotte excitedly cleaned me off again, but this time looked me in the eye with lust and excitement, then darted up to kiss me. I tasted her pussy from her mouth. She dropped down for more, then back up for another kiss. 

I told her she was being a good girl and asked how she wanted to cum. She asked to be on top for a while, and rode me to two orgasms. She thoroughly cleaned my cock and kissed me after each. Normally I like to control a woman's orgasms, often delaying or denying them completely. But with Charlotte, I found myself excited by how easily she could orgasm and fascinated with how she cleaned my cock afterward. 

We transitioned into doggy and I discovered another wonderful kink of hers. Charlotte would get on her knees and elbows with back arched and ass up, but she would never, ever look behind her. In talking about it later, she told me that she wanted to completely focus on being taken in that position – how it exposed her completely and made her feel shy and even a little degraded. So she would keep her eyes forward and down, push back against me and revel in any dirty talk that highlighted how slutty she looked being fucked that way.

Again, I pulled out several times to have her clean off my cock. I was loving this kink of hers, this desperate need to taste herself on my cock. Especially when she would kiss me to share the sweet flavor of her pussy. 

I ordered Charlotte onto her back again when I was ready for my release, telling her, "Now it's my turn. Spread your legs and keep quiet." Talking softly as I fucked her, I told Charlotte how much I loved her pussy and what a good girl she was. 

She then decimated me by whispering in my ear, "You own me, and you can use my pussy whenever you want."

That sent me over the edge and I began to cum. Charlotte hugged me and urged me on. "Yes! Fill me up! Cum in me! Cum in my little pussy!"

My orgasm was loud and long. I pulsed into her and it felt like it would never stop. Charlotte continued to hold me, lovingly moving her hands over my back and head. We kissed passionately and held each other for a few minutes. When I softened and gently pulled out Charlotte looked at me devilishly. She then pushed me onto my back, slid down and took my cock in her mouth. Fresh from her pussy, she cleaned me off, clearly savoring the taste of our mixed juices, looking me in the eye the whole time. This would become a favorite act for us. 

We had a great deal of sex that day and for the next week, delighting in learning more about each other. "Going back and forth" became one of the bedrocks of our sex life. She lived for it, reveled in the wantonness of the act. I remained fascinated by this unusual kink, and thanked my stars to have found this wonderful, sexy woman. She told me how she had always loved tasting herself, but was held back in other relationships by staid or closed-minded partners. One day when we were out to lunch we overheard another diner offhandedly use the phrase "back and forth" in her conversation and burst out in laughter. Charlotte joked that she had a Pavlovian response, having the same excited reaction her dog did at the word "biscuit".

Charlotte continued to surprise me in how shy and proper she was in regular life, yet so uninhibited in private. Like many guys, I can't resist asking to take dirty photos of my girlfriends. Many agree, although reluctantly. I expected a no on this from Charlotte (her job is somewhat public), but was surprised and delighted when she eagerly agreed! It turned out her exhibitionist streak worked in our favor here, and she found it erotic and exciting to be photographed in exposed and compromising positions. 

I took many, many photos of Charlotte. She was beautiful, and I documented her body in detail. But I also had one particular theme that was a favorite. I would have her kneel in front of me and hold my hard cock against her smooth cheek while smiling into the camera. I especially enjoyed that effect when she was fully dressed and wearing her glasses. It was the perfect combination of innocence and submissive sexuality. 

There were also many videos. I usually wouldn't tell her I was going to record something – I would just do it. She seemed to enjoy that I did not ask her approval. The first time was when I asked her to masturbate for me. Although she rarely touched herself, she was more than willing to do it for me. She was dressed in just a t-shirt (there's something really sexy about a woman partially dressed – especially bottomless) and slid two fingers into her pussy. I was holding my camera taking pictures, but then switched to video. After a moment I told her, "You know I'm recording this, right"

Without opening her eyes or removing her fingers, she simply said, "Good."

A few minutes later she was plunging her fingers inside herself forcefully and asked if I wanted her to cum. I said yes and she immediately let go and orgasmed powerfully, urged on by the fact that I was recording this highly personal and erotic act. She even licked her fingers clean while smiling at me. 

Another video I still love to watch found Charlotte agreeing to perform an act so wanton that even I, knowing how she loves to be submissive, hesitated to ask. But she was all for it and readily agreed. I set the camera next to us while I fucked her on her back. We did all of our usual favorite things, and I came forcefully inside her. Then I picked up the camera and pointed it at her face. "Tell me what just happened", I said.

Shyly, she smiled and replied, "You just came inside my pussy."

I then pulled out of her and Charlotte laid back with her legs open. She then slid two fingers into her pussy and scooped out some of my cum. Looking into the lens, Charlotte lifted her fingers to her mouth and licked them clean. I gasped in awe at how dirty my lovely girl could be. She smiled and did it again, burying her fingers inside her and sucking them. Then she leaned over and cleaned off my cock. It was one of the most exciting things a woman has ever done for me, and she was clearly reveling in the wanton sexual power of the moment. 

One day we found a powerful way of combining our shared kinks. I had picked her up from work and during the drive I noticed she was wearing a modest skirt as part of her professional attire. She asked what I wanted to do with the rest of the afternoon, and I said matter-of-factly that I intended to have some pussy when we got home. 

"Oh my!" she giggled. "Should I change?" 

I told her no, I liked what she was wearing. "But", I said, "hand me your panties now, please." 

Charlotte saw this was an order, not a request and grew quietly, but visibly, excited. She shimmied out of her panties and passed them over to me. When I hung them on the rear-view mirror she shrieked and snatched them back, laughing. Her exhibitionism was just for me, not the rest of the world. I put them in my pocket instead and told her to meet me in the bedroom once we got home. 

After parking the car and using the bathroom I found Charlotte waiting for me, hands clasped shyly in front of her. She looked adorable in her skirt, dress shirt and sweater. Professional, but with just a hint of naughty schoolgirl if you were looking for it. 

I picked up her "blowjob pillow" and tossed it on the floor at her feet. Smiling wickedly, she knelt and waited. I unzipped and presented her with my hard cock. Soon she was sucking me deeply, my hand guiding her head. I then reached over to the bedside table and got the camera. I loved taking photos of Charlotte as she sucked cock. While they were nice to have, it was largely just the act of taking them that excited us both. So personal, so intimate, so submissive. I had her pose with my cock on her face, then took some video of her rubbing it all over her face. I loved how she smiled into the camera while sliding my hardness over her smooth skin. 

After a while I pulled her up and pushed her onto her back on the bed. She loved when I just moved her into the positions I wanted – no asking. I arranged her with legs spread and skirt flipped up and took more photos. I had her spread her pussy open, another favorite pose. We both loved how exposed it made her feel. 

I could tell when Charlotte was particularly turned on. Her pussy got that special sort of extra wetness that a woman gets when she's really "in the zone", or in "sub-space". I took both her wrists in one hand and held them down above her head. "Spread your legs wide", I said urgently and she complied immediately. 

That first push inside an excited woman's pussy is probably the best feeling in the world. She was so completely lubricated there was hardly any resistance. I looked down at Charlotte as she stared up at me, moaning with passion. She was still fully dressed except for her panties. I told her how much this turned me on as I continued thrusting into her. "Look at you in your nice work clothes, spreading your legs like a slut."

Charlotte cried out, reveling in how dirty and exposed she was in that moment, and urged me on. "Yes! Fuck me like a slut! Use that pussy – you own it!"

I abruptly pulled out and Charlotte fell to her knees to clean off my cock. She then kissed me, driving her tongue into my mouth to share the taste, when I pulled her back, shoving her onto the bed on her hands and knees. Obligingly, she arched her back and I climbed onto the bed to take her from behind. 

Here is where I put my plan into action. I had been thinking about this during the drive home when I saw that skirt. Sliding my cock into her I pulled her up by the hair so I could talk into her ear. "I'm going to use your pussy like this a while, but when I pull out, you stay still. Understand?"

She nodded, keeping her eyes in front of her as always. I pulled her hair more forcefully as I fucked her.

"DO YOU UNDERSTAND?!"

Charlotte shrieked, "YES!!!"

I continued fucking her from behind, but not letting her orgasm. Then I slowly pulled out, stood up and walked around the bed. Charlotte had stayed still as instructed, and looked up as I put my cock in front of her. She engulfed me and cleaned my cock off with her usual fervor. After a minute of this, without a word, I pulled my cock from her mouth, walked around the bed again, and put my cock back in her pussy. 

Over and over, I repeated this. Fucking her pussy a while, pulling out and presenting my cock to be cleaned, Charlotte submissively staying still. 

On my next entry into her pussy I began talking to her again. "Do you know how you look right now?"

"How do I look???" Charlotte asked desperately. 

I continued plowing into her. "You look like a total slut, getting fucked in your work clothes. Staying still and obedient."
