 My secretary was on leave and I needed a temp. Actually, secretary might be what we call her but what she actually did was act as a man Friday, doing anything and everything that was required. A good man Friday is a wonderful thing to have. Pity she had to go on leave.

She did arrange for a temp, one who she guaranteed would prove indispensable. Megan rolled up on the Monday morning, read through all Karen's notes, and buckled down to work.

Once again Karen had proved her worth by producing an invaluable temp. So everything was sweet in the office. Right?

Wrong. There was a certain amount of tension creeping into the workplace. Some of the men seemed to be in competition with each other. Others were a little bad tempered at times. I started paying a bit closer attention to the mechanics of the office, trying to spot what the problem was.

It was subtle, but I finally pin-pointed the cause. Megan. She was flirting with everyone, playing them off against each other. She was careful with it, very discreet with nothing overt taking place. A tone of voice. Standing a little too close. Lightly touching someone as she talked to them. All very casual and low key, but definitely there.

If she'd been a bit more open about it the men could have adjusted, maybe make a pass which she could pick up or reject, leaving them in no doubt as to where they stood. The way Megan was going about it, it was a case of come on but stay back, leaving the men a little confused and hence, irritable.

If I hadn't been paying close attention to her behaviour I wouldn't have spotted it, but as Megan was the only change to our normal routine I'd assumed she was probably the cause and had been paying attention. My problem now was what to do about it.

I could have just ignored the situation, knowing that Megan would be gone in a few weeks, with Karen once again keeping everyone on an even keel. That didn't sit well with me for several reasons. As her manager it was my duty to help her improve her skills and personal interaction was one of those skills. She was a good worker but I'd be reluctant to have her back for another temping job if she was going to have this sort of effect on morale. She was actually good enough that I'd been considering offering her a fulltime job, but that flirting habit got in the way. I was going to have to do something about it.

I got the chance on Friday afternoon. It had been a very busy morning but come lunchtime everything just stopped dead and it didn't look as though it was going to pick up. By the time afternoon tea rolled around I decided why the hell not call it quits for the week and let everyone go early? 

When that announcement was made the office was deserted very quickly, everyone making a run for it before I had a chance to change my mind. Except for Megan. She still had a few things she wanted to finish off and as she was getting paid by the hour I couldn't really tell her no.

I let her finish off what she was doing and then called her into my office.

"Tell me, Megan, do you ever play poker?" I asked her.

"Ah, no. Why?" She sounded a little puzzled.

"It's just that there comes a time in the game when you have to lay your cards on the table. Put up or shut up. You have now reached that point."

"I have?" Even more puzzled.

"You have. You've been flirting and teasing all the men in the office, me included. I'll admit it's very well done, but you're doing it, playing them off against each other. The poor bastards don't know if they're coming or going. Now it's time for you to put up or shut up."

"I'm doing no such thing," Megan stated, sounding scandalized that I'd accuse her of such a thing.

"You are, and we both know it. Those poor bunnies in the office may not know it but it became obvious once I started watching a little closer. So are you going to put up or shut up?"

"I'm not sure what you mean," she hedged.

"By shutting up I mean that as of Monday you will cease this teasing of the men. If you don't I will be forced to terminate your contract and will report the reason back to the staffing agency."

She gave me an angry look. 

"Exactly what did you mean by the putting up part of your statement?" she asked.

"I was hoping you'd ask me that," I said, smiling. "Putting up means that you carry through on your flirting to the logical conclusion. If you're wondering what that means it means that you drop your panties and bend over the desk and I will see how well you carry through with it."

"That's sexual harassment," Megan protested.

"No, it's not. What you've been doing is sexual harassment. What I've done is just follow through on the implicit promise you made, leaving you free to accept or decline. Either way that's the end of the matter. So are you going to stop harassing the men?"

"I'm not admitting to flirting with them or harassing then in any manner," Megan said carefully. "I will take care to modify my behaviour to ensure that no-one thinks I'm doing any such thing."

"Thank you. That's good enough for me," I told her.

"As for your suggestion that I 'put up'. . ."

To my surprise she lifted her skirt and calmly dropped her panties. She then took a step forward and bent over the desk, her eyes never leaving my face.

I rose to my feet and moved around the desk to stand next to her. I flipped her dress up and ran my hand lightly over her bottom.

"Do you know what you're doing?" I asked.

"Probably better than you do," she giggled. "Did you think I didn't know you were gay? Brandon told me when he saw me standing a little too close to you. He was letting me know I was wasting my time."

"In that case I'd say you know more than me," I said as my hands slipped between her legs and closed over her pussy. 

I felt a jolt run through her as she worked out what I meant.

"Do you mean that you're not gay?" she half shrieked.

"Not even a little bit," I assured her, thoughtfully rubbing her mound, feeling her heat. A finger slipped between her lips, easing deeper.

"Get your hands off me," she squealed.

"Is there a problem? I mean, you did take up this position of your own choice."

She managed to straighten up, pushing me away, looking totally shocked.

"Am I to take it you've changed your mind?" I had no doubt that she could hear the mirth I was feeling.

She just looked at me, breathing hard.

"You were just going to do it, weren't you? You were going to, to, ooh."

It appeared words failed her. I just smiled.

"Wasn't that what I was supposed to do?" I asked.

"You were supposed to back off, making excuses, and you know it. If I'd known you weren't gay I'd have never, ooh." Words failed her a second time.

"Ah, well, you know now," I said. "So, your panties are already down. Are you going to lean over the desk now?"

"Do you really think I'm going to lean over and let you do what you like?"

My hands teetered from side to side indicating an unknown.

"Possibly," I said. "It all depends on how excited you got from that little contretemps. Are you?"

I could see her thinking it through. If she bent over the desk I was going to screw her and she knew it. Was that a win for me or her? If she didn't bend over it meant she was all talk and no show. Her bluff had been called and she'd folded. That was a definite loss to her self-esteem. Which was the better option? Getting screwed or losing face?

I honestly thought she'd back out. Losing face is just a temporary embarrassment but getting screwed is an actual physical consequence. She shrugged, turned around and bent back over the desk, reaching around to flick her dress up, leaving herself totally exposed.

I almost laughed. She was standing firm and the hell with the consequences. She was also hot and wet, I found, when my hand closed over her mound again. She was aroused at the thought of being taken like this. I started rubbing her mound and she was pressing back against my touch. I wondered if she'd strip on command. Probably not at this stage. Try that and she might just back out completely. I kept on rubbing while I unfastened my trousers.

Trouble now was how to proceed. Nice and easy or rough and ready? I suspected that she was looking at this as a type of consensual rape. She didn't really want to do it but her pride wasn't going to let her back down. If that was so she'd probably consider nice and gentle to be insulting. A little rough and ready was what she would expect and that was what she would get.

My initial entry was firm. Not rough as such but firm enough to have me drive fully into her with that first stroke. She made a peculiar sound as I took her, but I was damned if I could tell whether it was protest, approval, or just plain fright. Whatever, I was now in a position to start with a little rough and ready.

I started bouncing her off my groin, driving in hard enough to shake her every time my groin slapped against her. She shrieked with that first hard thrust and then kept it up from that point on. Those first few shrieks could easily have been from shock but they quickly morphed into shrieks of excitement. 

Megan was by no means a lazy lover. Not for her the attitude of just lie there and let the man do all the work. As soon as things were under way she was pushing back to meet me, putting just as much energy into her performance as I was doing with mine. The main difference was the level of noise she was generating. I'd never had such a noisy partner.

My initial intention had been to just screw her hard and fast, doing my best to bring her to a quick climax. She was reacting so enthusiastically that I changed my mind. I still took her hard and fast and built her up towards a quick climax, but then I left her hanging, just decreasing the frequency of my thrusting a trifle. I was still driving in hard but I had a tiny pause before thrusting in and before pulling back. Not long pauses, but they were enough to keep her hovering on the edge, able to sense her climax coming but not having it arrive.

I could hear a touch of frustration creeping into her voice. A tinge of want was there, and what she wanted she wasn't getting.

"What are you doing?" she demanded, her frustration winning the battle.

"Eh? You're asking me now?" I said. "I'd have thought it was obvious what we are doing. And might I save you're doing it marvellously."

She made an indescribable sound (although it didn't slow down the way her bottom was bouncing).

"You know what I'm talking about," she managed to hiss at me.

"You mean my taking my time and letting nature take its own course?" 

"Just do it, damn you," she yelled. Ever obedient to a woman's whims I did it, dropping the little pauses and increasing my speed a little, putting my all into my effort.

It didn't require much more than that. She climaxed splendidly and, to my amazement, silently. I'd expected a scream to end all screams when she climaxed, instead of which she completely lost her voice. Odd that. 

She slowly straightened up and turned to look at me.

"Put up or shut up indeed. I can do both with no problems. Although if that's all you can bring to the table it hardly seems worth my while for me to put up."

With that she untangled her panties from the ankle where they'd finished up and picked them up. With that she strolled out of my office and vanished into the rest room, returning five minutes later with a smug little smile on her face.

She departed, almost strutting as she left, her whole attitude saying she was the winner. It would be interesting to see how she behaved the next week.