 Recently my wife came home from "girls' night" and attacked me before the door was closed all the way behind her. I swear, she was stripping off her clothes even as the door clicked shut. Within just moments she was on her knees in front of me pulling me out of my sleepwear, sucking my cock like my cum was oxygen and she was suffocating. That didn't last long though as she was soon on her knees and elbows, ass pointed at me, looking over her shoulder and demanding that I fuck her hard. I'm not a fast cummer so she got a good 15 or 20 minutes of good pussy pounding and I know she came a few times before I gave her what she so vocally demanded: "Cum in me! Fill my fucking pussy up!"

Afterward, as we were catching our breath, I asked her what had gotten into her. I commented on how she's not usually so aggressive or hungry. I jokingly asked what she'd been doing on her girls' night that made her so damned horny. She giggled and asked if I really wanted to know. Of course I really wanted to know. This is the story she told me. (All the names have been changed to protect "the innocent.")

- - - - - - - - - -

Twice a month Dana, Lisa and Christine go out for girls' night. Usually they hit one of the local winery outlets and do "tastings" all evening while enjoying flavored cigars and looking at any eye candy that might wander in. Lisa is bi, while Dana and Christine aren't, and Lisa teases them both that it means twice as much eye candy for her. The conversations they have cover a wide variety of topics from their various jobs to husbands, hobbies, upcoming social events, etc. Christine and her husband aren't in the lifestyle (swinging) while both Lisa and Dana are with their spouses.

On the particular evening in question, the conversation apparently centered on the eye candy wandering in and out of the local bar the girls had selected. It was a cigar lounge and there was a lot more male eye candy than female eye candy but apparently a couple of really hot women walked in and Lisa commented on how hot they looked but how obvious it was that they knew it. Her comment was that they were aware of their "pussy power." Christine said, "Oh, yeah," in agreement, but Dana had to ask, "Pussy power? What do you mean?"

Lisa just looked at her in disbelief. "Are you serious? You've never heard the term pussy power before?" Dana just shook her head and later told me she felt almost embarrassed that she didn't know what Lisa and Christine were talking about.

Christine jumped into the conversation. "Well, I guess it's something some girls learn almost as soon as they hit puberty and maybe some others never really become aware of it?" She was talking to them both but asking the question of Lisa. It was generally accepted that Lisa was the most sexually experience (and open) of the three of them.

"I guess," said Lisa with a shit-eating grin. "I knew about it the first time I caught a boy staring at me and realized before I got out of high school that some girls looked at me the same way. I knew then that pussy power could be universal."

"I can see that," replied Christine. "I remember the first time I became aware of it. I was at a football game and caught a group of guys trying to look down my shirt. Every time I got up to go get a snack or go to the bathroom they were looking at me... watching me." She paused as if to enjoy the memories. "I knew then that I could control them, to some extent, with my behavior just because I have a pussy."

"Is that what you mean by pussy power?" Dana asked. "Your ability to control others just because you have a pussy?"

"Well, it's more than that," said Lisa. "How do I put this..." She thought for a few minutes to put her thoughts together and then tried to explain her outlook. "You know how some women are just so fat or ugly or both you simply can't imagine a guy wanting to be naked with them?" Dana and Christine both nodded. "Well, they still get laid because they are aware of their own pussy power. They know that there's something about the fact they have one between their legs, and that they can control it... display it... dress or act in such a way as to make people aware of it... they know they can pull a guy and still get a good fuck even if they look like the wicked witch of the west."

"So it's a kind of confidence?" Dana asked, trying to understand.

"Yes and no," said Lisa. "It's more a kind of self-reassurance that you have something people want. Maybe it's not all people. Maybe it's a collection of guys or a variety of girls, but if you think about it, even just looking around this bar, you could probably pick out a few people who you can just tell... if you let them or showed even the slightest interest, they'd be all over you. If you just gave them some hope that they might be able to play with or get some pussy from you, you could get them to buy you drinks, dance with y ou, be VERY attentive..."

Lisa stopped talking and watched as both Dana and Christine looked around the bar, both of them realizing Lisa was right. It was easy to pick out three or more people... both male and female... that gave off that vibe: that if they wanted to, they could pull them and enjoy some play time. Dana had never considered herself bi-sexual or even curious, and in fact she got turned off by the idea of eating another woman's pussy, but in that moment, as she identified several women who apparently seemed attracted to her, she was turned on by the power of it. She began to understand her own pussy power; something she'd never even thought about before.

Along with that realization and awareness came a new desire: she was curious as to just how much attention and pleasure she could get from any of these women and most particularly curious about the ones who were apparently there with a man, be it boyfriend or husband. Were those women bi-sexual? Were they in the lifestyle? Knowing that Lisa was in the lifestyle and that she used her bi-side to find playmates for both herself and her husband, Dana began to see a benefit to being bi-sexual that went beyond the personal ego stroke and power such awareness could bring.

It was a light-bulb moment for Dana. Where she had never looked at woman as a potential sexual partner before, passive or aggressive, she found herself looking at the few who were giving off that vibe; that "I'd do you if you'd let me" vibe. Then she realized that this awareness made her even more aware of the men looking at her and giving off that same vibe. The final new awareness that struck her in that moment was how wet her pussy was all of a sudden. Her pussy didn't lube up easily and usually only when she was actually making out with a guy or getting petted. Here she was, just sitting on bar stool looking at the men and women who she felt might be interested in playing with her... specifically her pussy... and it was juicing up.

Lisa giggled and the sound pulled Dana out of her thoughts. "What are you laughing at?" she asked her friend. Christine answered before Lisa got the chance.

"We're laughing at you realizing your own pussy power," Christine told her. "It's one of those things you can see some women have realized and some women haven't. Up until this moment you were a haven't... but now that you have, it's something that will never go away."

Dana thought about that for a few minutes and then looked at Lisa to ask, "So... with this awareness... what do you do? There has to be some benefit to knowing your own pussy power besides knowing who is desiring you or not."

"Of course there is," said Lisa. "If you're a slut you can act on it. All those people who you're suddenly aware of will happily give you their phone numbers if you ask, and a lot of times when you don't."

"That's more for the unmarried women, though," added Christine. Lisa and Dana exchanged a look. They had been to house parties together with their husbands. Dana had seen Lisa bent over a kitchen table and fucked hard in front of about five other couples. Lisa had seen Dana spit-roasted on more than one occasion. They both wore the label "slut" as a badge of honor. Their husbands loved them for their sexual openness and activities; Lisa's husband especially because she regularly found women for them to play with as a couple.

It was in that moment that Dana realized she could do the same thing. She had never been interested in women and still wouldn't consider herself bi-sexual, but she suddenly knew she could use her pussy power to pull female playmates for she and her husband to enjoy. It wasn't something they had done before because her husband respected her lack of desire for female involvement. She thought about it some more and realized that she had enjoyed quite a few threesomes with her husband and another man but she couldn't remember a time where she and another woman had been involved with her husband at the same time. It left her feeling a bit guilty and she decided then and there... she promised herself she was going to use this new found awareness of her personal pussy power to find a woman who would agree to being part of a threesome just to give her husband a treat.

Those thoughts stayed inside Dana's head as the evening and conversation moved on. She caught herself looking at several of the women in the bar and identified the few that she was getting that vibe from. They were vibing off Lisa too and Dana briefly wondered what it would be like to seduce a woman together with Lisa. Lisa and her husband had been friends for so long that they were more like family and had never been playmates. Dana still wasn't thinking of her as a potential playmate... but more as a coconspirator in the seduction of another woman.

My god, Dana thought, is this was being bi-curious is like? Where she had never before considered playing with a woman, here she was not only contemplating the idea of being with one but how to go about the seduction and get a woman to agree to play with Dana and her husband both. Dana did her best to keep up with the conversation that changed topics and continued on, but some part of her mind kept looking at the women... thinking about them undressed... wondering how they'd feel... what their touch would feel like... how different it would be to feel their tongue instead of a man's... What would it be like to kiss them? Would she kiss them after they ate her? So many combinations of potential sexual activity ran through her brain and her pussy continued to gush the whole time.

At one point she excused herself to go the ladies room which was in the back of a rather narrow hallway. As she was coming out, one of the women she'd noticed looking at her was on her way in. The woman was about her same age and height, but a bit slimmer with a more noticeable and displayed chest along with her light brown hair. Their eyes met and Dana smiled, saying, "Hey there," as she moved to one side to go by.

The woman smiled back and replied, "Hey yourself," as they slid by each other. Dana was somewhat shocked to feel the woman's hand ever so gently glide across her thigh, hip and ass. It was such an unexpected moment that Dana whipped her head around to look at the woman only to find the woman waiting for such a reaction. With a big smile and a slight step closer the woman said, "I'm Cheryl, and you are?" Her hand reached back out to just barely touch Dana on the hip. It made Dana stutter her reply.

"I'm Dana," she said, not sure if she should put out her hand for a handshake or touch the woman in return somehow.

"Well, Dana," said Cheryl, not seeing any resistance, "it's nice to make your acquaintance. And if you'd like more..." As she finished speaking she stepped even closer and moved her hand from Dana's hip to Dana's ass, grasping a full handful of butt cheek and squeezing as she pulled Dana toward her.

Dana's first reaction would have been a quick, "No thank you," but her response was framed by her new awareness of her pussy power. Instead she met Cheryl's eye and said, "That might be nice," with a big smile on her face. "I'm sure my husband would enjoy meeting you too." She added the last phrase in part to see what Cheryl's reaction would be and in part to justify why she wasn't pushing this woman away.

"Sounds like a good time," said Cheryl, giving Dana's ass another squeeze. She nodded her head in the direction of the bathroom and added, "Give me a minute and I'll be back out to give you my number." Dana just nodded and watched as Cheryl went into the ladies room. She was still standing there, somewhat in disbelief of her own actions and the situation when Cheryl came back out with her cell phone in her hand. "What's your number?" she asked Dana. "I'll just text you mine and we can figure something out some time." Dana gave Cheryl her number, watching her type it into her phone and then feeling her own phone vibrate in her back pocket. All the while her head was full of the reality that she'd really enjoyed the feeling of Cheryl's touch and Cheryl hadn't balked at all at the suggestion of playing with Dana and her husband.

Dana pulled out her phone and saw the texted message from Cheryl. "Save this and call me soon. We can have a lot of fun with or without your hubby ;-)" Looking up at Cheryl she said, "I will."

"Good," replied Cheryl with a smile. Then she stepped in to pull Dana against her, once again getting a handful of ass and this time pushing her chest to rub against Dana's. Dana didn't flinch away but instead pushed back and reached down to mimic Cheryl's ass grab. She noticed that the woman had a nice firm butt and she enjoyed how it felt in her hand. Cheryl leaned over as if she was going to kiss Dana but turned her head at the last moment and kissed her on the cheek instead. "I look forward to hearing from you." And with that, she released Dana and stepped away, going back to the group she was with at the bar. Dana returned to her table where Lisa and Christine were waiting. As she walked she realized she should have gone back into the bathroom to wipe her pussy. She could feel it drooling so much that her pussy lips were rubbing a smeary mess inside her panties.

"You okay?" Christine asked as Dana got back to the table. "You were gone awhile."

"Yeah, I'm good," replied Dana giving Lisa a knowing look. "I just met someone I thought I knew back by the bathroom."

"Old friend?" Christine.

"Nope," said Dana. "My mistake... but maybe made a new friend in the process."

The three friends enjoyed the remainder of the evening but Cheryl was on Dana's mind the whole time. She was imagining the woman naked, feeling her, tasting her, holding her, watching her with a man... that man being Dana's husband sometimes... and other times it was whoever Cheryl had with her. Of course, if Cheryl was bringing the man, then Dana was getting to enjoy a new cock and that thought didn't help calm her pussy any. Soon she realized that her sense of pussy power was increasing as her pussy juiced more and more.

The three women settled up their tabs and then headed out to the parking lot, hugging each other goodbye and committing to their next girls' night in two weeks. As Lisa hugged Dana she whispered to her, "Welcome to a new world," before pulling away with a knowing grin on her face. Dana could only smile in return but drove all the way home with one hand on the wheel and the other caressing over the wetness in her crotch, her mind racing with the idea of sharing Cheryl with her husband or even just giving him Cheryl as a gift while she watched.

One thing she was certain of: when she got home she was going to use her husband. Her new awareness of her pussy also increased her awareness of its need. Her outlook was no longer that it was there to enjoy as her husband used it and pleasured it. Her outlook now was that her pussy was in control and her husband was there to serve it; to please it; to lick, finger and fuck it properly. She felt like her pussy NEEDED to be cum in as the finale for proper servicing. As much as Dana realized she liked to see her husband's cock spit out a hot load of cum, she may never let him pull out again. She suddenly felt like her pussy just wasn't right unless it was full of hot cum.

By the time she got home she was desperate to have her pussy fucked and filled. As soon as she was in the door she started pulling her clothes off and as she peeled off her panties she felt them sticking to her pussy. Her husband was quite surprised by how aggressive she was, dropping to her knees, yanking off his sleepwear and eagerly gobbling up his semi-erect cock. She had no interest in pleasing him in that moment but was simply insuring he was fully erect so he could fuck her properly. As soon as she had him hard enough she turned around and raised her ass, lowering herself to her elbows and looking over her shoulder at him to demand he start fucking her. He complied and was soon holding her hips, thrusting his full length in and out of her needy sex. "Fuck me," she said in a firm voice. "Fuck me HARD!"

With her husband slamming his hips forward while pulling hers back, his cock spearing into her fully with every hard thrust and his balls slapping against her clit, Dana enjoyed two orgasms before her husband moaned out something semi-coherent about getting close to cumming. "Do it!" Dana encouraged him. "Cum in me. Fill my fucking pussy up!" Her husband groaned as he came what felt like buckets but her pussy had already been so drenched before he started that he wasn't sure he was the first person to fuck her that evening.

- - - - - - - - - -

As we recovered she shared the evening's experience as described above. Now I find myself eager to meet this lady, Cheryl, and to see this new side of my wife grow as she leverages her pussy power.