 I have made it clear to you. I adore you! So relax. I am going to give you pleasure and I will worship you for as long as it takes, as long as you need. I want you to enjoy it. Don't push yourself, don't be anxious that it will end before you cum. It won't. I am here to give you pleasure, to bring you to an exquisite climax. I want to worship you; worship your pussy. And in that act, I will find my pleasure.

You have understood that. You slipped out of your clothes, just as you peeled off the silky skin of your inhibition. Your panties came last and as you pulled them down, leaving a delicious cotton puddle on the floor, your self-consciousness dissolved entirely.

You lay down on the bed and position yourself. I have told you what I am going to do to you. I am going to go down on you and give you nothing but my tongue, my lips, my fingers. My whole focus will be on your delicious pussy. I want you to lay there and let it happen. Close your eyes, imagine your every fantasy taking place as my tongue works inside you, as my lips play over your hard little clit. Watch me if you want, watch my head working between your legs, watch my mouth against you, eating you with intimate intensity. Read a magazine. Watch the TV! Do what you want. Just let me worship your perfect cunt.

You lay back, propping your head against the rounded pillows. I can see that you are relaxed, happy to be naked before me. For a few moments, I gaze at you and take in the curved femininity of your body. Your breasts are rounded and beautiful. Your shoulders, naked and sexy, rest against the pillow. Your face is enigmatic and so beautiful, I love the way your lips are slightly parted and your eyes glitter with quiet intelligence. The dark mound of your pussy is exquisite and shows me the woman you are. I want to be between this woman's legs.

Your eyes are fixed on me as you deliberately open your legs. I nod, pleased, and watch you spread your legs before me. I can see the lips of your pussy, kissable, lickable, but not yet open and inviting. You are fine art, rather than pornography. At least, for now.

I position myself, kneeling between your feet. Such gorgeous feet. I could kiss them. I could worship them, never mind the rest of you. I could spend hours kissing your feet, sucking your toes, caressing them, rubbing my hard cock over them, spilling warm cum over them and marking them as mine. Maybe some other time. Today I have promised you something so much more intense. I have promised it to myself, too.

I lean forward and bring my head between your open legs. I am tempted to kiss your thighs, to bite them, lick them, caress them with my fingertips. I think I could push you to spread your legs further, impossibly so, if I teased your thighs in this way. I think I could make you beg me to move up, to work your pussy, to make you cum, if I just teased your thighs without end. I am tempted. But not today. Today's experiment is to focus on your pussy. I want you to feel nothing but your pussy. It will be the centre of your sensation. It will be all you feel.

Here, between you legs, I can smell your skin. It smells lightly of soap. I can't wait until this clean smell is over-ridden by the earthy, musky sweetness of your sex, as I open you up. I want to smell your excitement. I want to smell your desire.

So close up to your pussy, I can see every detail. I wonder what you make of me, here between your legs, gazing at your sex with keen examination. The lips of your pussy are sealed. I need to ease them apart, to open you gently.

I lean forward and kiss your delicate flower. You make the tiniest noise. A sudden little gasp. Your legs shift, spreading a little further for me. Carefully, I run the tip of my tongue up your soft lips. They are velvet against my tongue. I wet my tongue and begin to lick up and down your delicate skin, your pussy, with deliberate intent. I lick and tease and with each stroke of my tongue, up and down, I push forward a little way. In a few strokes your lips part and my tongue is moving between them, pushing between them and probing you softly.

Your pussy now open, I kiss it lovingly. Gently, I suck it in between my lips, suck your soft, sensitive pussy lips in to my mouth. I let my teeth graze you lightly, not enough to hurt. Your breathing is quickening above me and I am aware of a new taste, a new smell, as your excitement begins to come. I push my tongue in to you and love how wet you have suddenly become. You taste divine. Sweet, salty - the taste of a woman.

I pull back to look at your newly excited pussy. There, before me, is your cunt, now open and inviting. It glistens with love and expectation. I push out my tongue and begin to lick your slit, up and down, in long, slow gentle strokes. I drink you in, you taste so good. Now and then I push my face in between your legs, hard, burying myself in your wetness. The delicious smell of you is over my face and I feel owned. I feel marked.

You don't move and I am impressed by your self control. I half expect you to move against me, to grind against my face - to work with me for your pleasure. But you don't. I told you not to. I told you to remain absolutely passive and this is what you are doing. You are letting me do the work. You are letting pleasure come to you.

Your love spills out, and I am wet with your excitement. I continue to run my tongue up and down your slit, and now, with each stroke, I push in to you a little way. I penetrate you, like a cock, tongue fucking you a little with every lick. I need more of this and so I stop licking up and down and push my mouth against you, probing you with my tongue, stabbing your cunt with a firm, gentle rhythm. I love the feel of your pussy around my tongue. It is warm, wet and so delicious. The soft walls of your pussy push against me, as I tongue fuck you and eat your perfect wet cunt.

The smell of sex is intense now. It is all around me. I love how warm your pussy is and now, as I tongue fuck you, the wet sounds add a soundtrack of eroticism. My wet tongue, your wet pussy. Your quick breathing. Such wonderful music to eat pussy by.

I am aware, as I push in to you, to get my tongue as far inside you as I can, that my face is pushing against your clit. I am aware of it against the bridge of my nose, small, but hard and slick with our excitement. I stop licking you, and flick the tip of my tongue over your little clit. The sudden noise you make is one of the most exciting moments of my life. It is a quick, soft mew. You weren't expecting the sudden attention to your clit. In that sound is the very essence of a woman in search of pleasure. A passive woman, giving herself up fully. It is primaeval. It is too sexy for words.

I brush your clit with my lips, gently kissing it, stroking it, before I take it in to my mouth. I suck it with exquisite slowness, in to my mouth. I play with it between my lips and, so, so gently, graze it with my teeth. I take it lightly between my teeth. I don't want to hurt you; I just want you to feel a perfect contrast to the softness of my lips and tongue. My teeth are hard and sharp against your sensitive clit.

Your breathing is hard now.

I know that we are moving towards a climax. Your pussy is so wet now, I see your excitement dribbling down your thighs, over your arse, on to the cool cotton of the bed. Still you don't move. You are still, passive, taking all that I give to you. I love your pussy. I worship your cunt. I adore the woman you are.

Your clit is swollen in my mouth. I continue to suck, to play. I suck a little harder now, not only drawing your clit in to my mouth, but also your lips and pussy. Sweet juice spills in to my mouth and I drink it. It fills my mouth and I am so in love. With your pussy inside my mouth, I push my tongue in to you. I am sucking on your pussy as you would suck on my cock, drawing it in to my mouth, swirling my tongue around it, releasing it...

I could play with you all day. I want to give you such pleasure, such pain.

For a final time, I pull back to admire your cunt. You are so open now, it is almost obscene. But beautifully so. The fine art lays torn on the floor and now we are swimming in the very warm, sensual waters of uninhibited pornography. I look at your cunt, glistening and wet. It almost seems to be throbbing gently before my gaze.

Your breathing, deep and hard, comes with soft feminine sighs. You are in some place now, that is yours. You are no longer in the room with me, though your pussy is in my face.

I want to make you cum. I want to hear you cum and feel it happen. I begin to lick you again, my tongue riding up and down your perfectly open slit. I push in to you, tongue fuck you with a slow, deliberate rhythm. I can feel you tensing and now your pussy is full and engorged; my tongue feels its warm, wet, sensual resistance as I push inside you.

I tongue fuck you with slow strokes and listen to your soft, soft sighs as I work your beautiful pussy. I adore you. I love your warm wetness and I love to worship your pussy. With each push of my tongue I can feel your pussy getting more and more engorged. I am now pushing between tight wet walls, with every stab of my tongue. Your warmth is quivering lightly, and I know you are soon going to cum. I think about moving to your clit, sucking it and sucking it until you cum...but I know that you want it now. And you want it like this.

I open my mouth around your cunt and get my tongue as deep inside you as I can. Your juices are in my mouth and suddenly I feel quick, sudden spasms in my mouth. You cry out, it comes from nowhere. You don't care how you sound, you are expressing your orgasm. Your cry is beautiful and sexy and so fucking dirty. I want to die listening to that sound. Again, I expect you to move against me, to lock your legs around my head to keep me in place. But you don't. You remain still, fully allowing this pleasure to come from me. You lay still and let the orgasm sweep through you.

With each stroke of my tongue, your juices pour in to my mouth. I am intoxicated. I let the juice spill over my tongue and I drink you gratefully. You cry again. And again. The spasm of your pussy around my tongue is beautiful and seems to last for hours. I don't tongue fuck you so deep and violently now. I don't need to. A gentle probing is all you need and with this gentle probing, my tongue fucking you wet pussy with easy sensuality, you continue to cum and cry and spill your juice in to my mouth.

I know when you have finished because the cries stop. The spasms subside. And your breathing becomes slower...

From between your legs, my tongue still inside you (I will stay inside you for a while longer, I think), I look up. Your face is flushed and satisfied. Your eyes are open and they glitter, still, with perfect sensuality. But you are looking up at the ceiling - and I wonder if, in your little world, I am there at all.

I don't really care. You have given me so much.

And so I continue to worship your delicious pussy.