 This is an utterly silly tale about a young man and girl who claims to be a witch, but it's really just about the sex.  Enjoy!




This is a story about the time I seduced a witch. Well, there might be some question about who seduced whom, but the outcome was the same regardless of who gets credit (or blame) for initiating the process.

I met her in a café where she was working behind the counter as a barista. I guessed her to be in her early-thirties, about 5-3 or 5-4. She was quite trim with the cutest ass you've ever seen squeezed tightly into her Levis and nice little round boobs that looked like they wanted to spill out of the dark green tank top she was wearing There was a mass of dark red hair coiled on top of her head. Very fetching indeed. 

Since it was mid-afternoon, and the place was pretty much empty, I struck up a conversation, and it wasn't long before we were both flirting shamelessly. Eventually I worked up the courage to ask her when she got off work.

"How about now?" she said.

"Won't you get fired?"

"Not a chance," she responded. "First, my shift ended half an hour ago. I was just hanging around here to flirt with you. I think it's your eyes. It's not the color. It's the way you use them." 

"Also I cast a spell on my boss. He isn't going to do anything to me except follow me around like a puppy dog in love. I almost feel bad about it. He's pathetic, but it's one way to keep a job when you really aren't all that interested in working." 

"Let's get the hell out of here," I said. "I want to know more about what you see in my eyes, and I want to know about this spell shit. I know a bar around the corner where we can get something stronger than coffee."

"It's a deal," she said as she hustled around the end of the coffee bar. She shrugged off her barista apron, tossing it at a hook as we went out the door. Before we reached the end of the block she had released her hair from its constraints and it fell in a great chaotic dark red mass that reached the middle of her back.

We grabbed a table in the back of the bar and ordered drinks from the bar maid—beer for me, but Rachel wanted a gin and tonic. When the drinks came she took a long pull and then leaned forward on the table, giving me quite a view of her tits.

I leaned back, enjoying the view, and said, "Before we go any further, I'm Samuel. What shall I call you?"

"Sam," she said. "If you keep doing what you are doing with your eyes you can call me almost anything you want and I will pay rapt attention to you. But most people call me Rachel these days." 

"What do you mean by 'these days?' Do you change names regularly?" 

"No, not more often than every fifty years or so."

"Hmm. So how many names have you had?"

"Lets see," she said as she held up her fingers to count. There, was Agatha, Beatrice, Desiree, Juliana (ooh, she was a bit of a slut), Margot, Susana, Morgana, and a bunch more I can't think of."

I had been counting without using my fingers and I responded, "That makes you at least 350 years old. How's that work?" 

"Actually I am more like 1,400 years old.  Lets see, I'll be 1,432 next Tuesday. I've forgotten a few names."

"You're very well preserved," I said. "Who is your plastic surgeon?"

"Nobody. These are original equipment," she said as she pushed her tits up with her hands. "Want to see them?"

"Hmm. Maybe later, but first there are a few other things I want to understand about this 1,400 years old shit." As I said that, I was actually thinking about how I would like to suck on her tits. At the same time I noticed her nipples getting hard and pressing against her thin t-shirt.

"Yes, and I also read minds," she said with a wicked smile.

"What?"

"You were saying one thing and thinking something entirely different. You were talking about how old I claimed to be, but you were thinking about how much you wanted to suck on my tits."

"No way," I said.

"Oh yeah," she said. "You're still thinking about my tits and especially my nipples which are making a tent in my t-shirt."

"Shit. She's right," I thought.

"Okay, I guess I'm busted," I said. "You got me on impure thoughts, but how was I supposed to know you could read my mind?"

"Well, I told you I cast a spell on my boss, so you should have known I was a witch, and witches can read minds."

"Somehow I suspect I know less about witches than you think I should," I responded.

"Well, some people are a bit ignorant on the topic. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt on your ignorance, but those oh so sexy eyes of yours homed right in on my nipples as they responded to your nasty thoughts."

I was loosing ground in this exchange rapidly. "So let me get this straight," I said. "First, you offered to show me your tits. Second, being a gentleman, I tried to change the topic and ask you about your age." ("How gentlemanly was that?" I wondered). "Third," I continued, "your nipples got hard when you caught me staring at them. From that you conclude that I should know that you were reading my mind and knew that I was thinking about sucking on your tits? Have I got this right?"

"Plus I told you I can cast spells," she responded.

"Do your nipples always get hard when you realize some guy you just met is thinking about sucking on your tits?"

"Well, when he has eyes like yours, yeah pretty much, based on 1,400 plus years of experience. But lets be candid here. Were you or were you not thinking about sucking on my tits?"

"I told you a minute ago. You got me on an impure thoughts charge," I said. "Honestly, I was thinking about how nice it would be to circle my tongue slowly around each boob until I worked my way in to your nipple and then to suck on it while I shoved two fingers up your snatch." 

"I knew it!" she exclaimed with a smile. 

"Let me buy next round," she said, changing the subject.  Without waiting for me to respond she slid out of her chair and walked with a really slinky walk over to the bar. She really had a great ass. Did I mention what a great ass she had? Yeah, I guess I did, but it really was a great ass—not a huge ass, and not one of those really tight asses. Just nice and round and a great wiggle to her walk. 

"I guess that is what 1,400 years of experience will do for you," I thought as I watched her wiggle over to the bar. "Oh bullshit, she can't be a day over 35. This whole conversation is ridiculous."

She returned in a moment with a drink in each hand and as soon as she set the drinks down, the bar maid showed up with another round.

"Doubles?" I asked. 

"Sure," she said. "Why waste time on ordering."

"Well this girl may be full of shit," I thought, "but she has the right attitude about drinking."

"So you are 1,400 years old, cast spells, drink like a fish, read minds, and have a really cute ass," I said. "Does that about sum you up?"

"First," she said, "It's 1,432, next week, and there are a lot of other things you should know about me.

"Such as?"

"I can read and speak Latin, Greek, Samarian and a dozen modern languages including Japanese, Chinese and Finish. I have a PhD from Harvard in linguistics and another one from Oxford in physics. I have pilot's licenses for multiengine jet aircraft and to bring ships into harbors in New York, Rotterdam, Sydney, Rio, and San Francisco. I used to work in porn flicks. Also I used to fuck Newton, Shakespeare, Lincoln, Kennedy, Abby Hoffman, and a whole bunch of other people you would know about."

"Which Kennedy?" I asked with skepticism in my voice.

"Actually several of them," she giggled, "but I meant Jack. Actually his old man was the best of the lot. God he had a big cock and he could last forever. Jack just didn't have the old man's staying power. Plus he had that bad back problem."

"So tell me about this witch shit?" I asked, ignoring her palpably ridiculous story about fucking most of the Kennedy clan.

"Well, when I was about 15 years old I discovered I could make things happen just by thinking about them. Being a typical horny 15 year old, I quickly focused in on making men want to seduce me. I mean what's the point in bending spoons like that idiot Uri Geller? So I started out by seducing half the men in town, but I got a little carried away with that, and the women folk were threatening to tie me to a stake and burn me. So I left and went to the court of the Baron who controlled my end of Germany. I signed on as a maid, but this time I got smart. I used my powers to seduce the women rather than the men. Once I found myself in bed on every Tuesday afternoon with the Baroness, I could get pretty much anything I wanted." 

"How long did that gig last?" I asked.

"Do you want my whole life story?" she asked as she knocked back her third gin and tonic.

"No, I think that is enough for now, but how about showing me a spell," I said. 

"Sure, what would you like?"

"Wait. Don't cast it on me," I said. This chick was beginning to freak me out. I mean, I didn't really believe her bullshit, but who wants to take a chance of being turned into a frog. 

"Well this is kind of a slow afternoon and there is no one in this bar but the bar maid and barkeep," I thought, "so I guess it will have to be one or both of them".

"You want me to get the bar maid and the guy behind the bar to fuck?" she asked. 

"Stop doing that. This mind reading stuff is creepy."

"But that is what you want, isn't it?" she asked.

"Well can you do it?"

"Sure, no problem. Now that you mention it, it might be fun."

She motioned the bar maid over and ordered another round of drinks. Then she crooked her finger and signaled to the bar maid to lean over so she could whisper to her. As the bar maid leaned over, I thought her big tits were going to fall out of her low cut top. The bar maid giggled and walked off to the bar.

"What did you say?" I asked.

"I told her she had beautiful tits and the bar tender was really hot for her. Then I told her that there is a big tip in it for her if she can fuck him before we leave, and I whispered a Latin spell." 

"What about the bar tender."

"He's male. He'll fuck her."

"Maybe he's a Mormon," I said.

"They fuck too. I once spent a month shagging Joseph Smith's little brother and wife number 11."

"Maybe he is gay."

"Hmmm, good point," she said. "It's only ten percent odds, but lets not risk it. I'll throw a spell on him too."

She turned in her chair and looked hard at the bar tender while she mumbled something that sounded like Latin to me.

"Was that Latin?"

"No. Samarian. They had the coolest spells."

She hopped out of her chair and slid in next to me on the bench I was sitting on. She grabbed my hand and pulled it down to her leg. Being a gentleman, I began to caress the inside of her thigh.

Meanwhile, across the room the bartender and the barmaid grabbed a couple of bar stools and she leaned over towards him so that he could get a good look at her tits. They had their heads together and were whispering something to each other.

"Are you sure your spell is working?" I asked Rachel.

"Oh yeah," she responded.

"How can you tell?"

"You wouldn't believe the dirty things he whispered to her."

"Really? What did she say in response?"

"She was even dirtier."

"So what did he say?"

"Well, among other things, he told her she has great tits and he asked her if she would titty fuck him."

"Ooh. That is kind of nasty for the middle of the afternoon when they are both supposed to be working. What did she say? Did she tell him to go fuck himself?"

"Hardly. She told him she would love to titty fuck him, but first he was going to have to eat her pussy and then she described in detail how she wanted him to do it. Apparently she really loves to have her pussy licked."

"This girl is so full of shit," I thought. As I thought that, Rachel began to stroke the erection that was straining against my pants.

"Hmm, something seems to be working on you too and I didn't even have to cast a spell."

"What can I say? I guess I'm just easy."

Rachel continued to stroke my cock while I worked my hand up the inside of her thigh until I reached her crotch.  I found she had undone her Levis, and her panties were soaked. "It doesn't look like I'm the only one at this table that is horny," I said.

"Uuuum. That feels good, but watch the show at the bar. We don't want to waste a couple of perfectly good spells here."

The barkeep had been nuzzling the bar maid's neck but now he reached into the top of her dress and began to massage her tits. She didn't make a move to stop him. Instead she reached down and began to rub his cock through his trousers. I was beginning to wonder whether there really was something to this spell shit.

Rachel whispered, "Oh yeah the spells are really working now."  As she spoke she opened my belt and zipper to get better access to my rock hard cock.

The bar maid pulled her top off and shucked off her bra, so we all had a good view of her tits. The barkeep responded by leaning forward and sucking on her nipples while he slid one hand under her dress to start rubbing her pussy.

As we watched, Rachel kept massaging my dick through my boxers. I reached over and begin to fondle her tits with the hand that wasn't massaging her pussy through her soggy panties.

"Mmm. That feels good," she said. Then she pulled off her top and her bra and I leaned over and began to suck on her nipples. She was making little whimpering noises. 

Then she pushed my head away saying, "No, lets watch the show."

I pulled my lips away from her tits and looked over to see the bar maid sucking on the bartender's dick. She was really going at it. We could hear the slurping noises from where we were.

By this time Rachel had pulled my dick out of my boxers and was giving me a fabulous hand job.

"If you keep that up, I will get ahead of things here."

"Well we wouldn't want that would we," she said. "What I really want is for you to fuck me while we watch those two."

The other two were naked by now and the bar maid had hopped up on the bar and spread her legs. He was finger fucking her and she was leaning back and groaning as she stared  at the ceiling fan.  Then she said, "Come on, you said would eat me." Without a moments hesitation the bar keep dropped his head so his face was in her pussy. He was obviously began giving her a good tongue lashing while he continued to finger fuck her. The bar maid was moaning and crying, "Oh shit, oh fuck, oh shit, this is good!"

Rachel and I got up and stripped off the rest of our clothes. I sat on a chair that we turned sideways to the action on the other side of the bar so we could both watch. Rachel climbed on and settled her hot slippery cunt over my dick. It felt so fucking good as it just sort of wrapped itself around my cock. She spread her legs wide so that she slid all the way down to my balls.

I started to pump and she said, "No—let's just sit and enjoy the show." 

So we sat there trying to hold still with my rock hard cock shoved up her cunt and her tits pressed against my chest, while we watched the bartender slurp at the barmaid's cunt. Sitting still with your cock buried in a hot slippery cunt is really a lot harder than it sounds.

"God, this is way better than porn," I whispered to Rachel.

"You got that right," she responded.   

The barmaid was making all the noise she could. "Oh shit, that is good. Don't stop. Fuck me with your fingers. Ohhhh. Fuck. Yes! Oh, now lick my clitty. Yes that's it." Ohhhh Shiiiiit" she finally screamed as she climaxed.  The bar tender just kept licking her and she kept cumming until she just couldn't take it anymore and pushed his head away.

"Fuck, where did you learn to eat pussy like that?" she asked him. 

Now the bartender wanted his. He ignored her question about his cunnilingus skills, and he seemed to have forgotten about his desire for a titty fuck. Instead he leaned her over the bar stool and shoved his big cock into her pussy from behind. As we watched them fuck, my cock was still buried in Rachel's pussy and I was doing my best to hold it more or less still, aside from the occasional involuntary twitch. I began to rub both of her nipples. At first I just flicked them, but then I grabbed each one between a forefinger and a thumb and twisted. That really drove her wild. She started humping my cock and whimpering, and while we could hear all the noise the other couple was making, we were focused on each other. After a minute or two of my driving her nuts with my fingers on her tits she said, between gasps, "I want you to fuck me from behind like the bartender is doing."

"Shit yes!" I said. "I love to fuck in that position." (Actually, I love to fuck in almost any position and I'm sure Rachel knew that.) 

Rachel hopped off my lap and leaned over the table with her ass pointed at me. I stepped up behind her and slid my cock into her pussy, holding that cute little round ass of hers with both hands. I had to bend my knees a little to get down to the right level, but I knew that was going to be fine because it would allow me to put some real force into my thrusts.

"Fuck me! Now! Fuck me hard! Don't hold anything back. I want to cum now!" she said.

I could hear the bar tender slapping his legs and balls against the bar maid's ass and I began doing the same thing with Rachel. Her cunt felt so good.  How could a 1,400 year old cunt be that hot, tight, and wet? She was crying and screaming, "Fuck me. Oh yes. That's it. Fuck me harder, harder! Keep it up. Oh shit I'm cumming."

I felt her cunt clamp on my cock and that set me off. I pulled her ass back towards me with both hands while I rammed my cock as deep into her as it would go and groaned as I shot stream after stream of hot cum into Rachel.

We both slumped on the table and then slid onto the bench behind it. The bartender and barmaid were also spent. They had slid into each other's arms and were on the floor.

After a few minutes, we got dressed and left a bunch of cash on the table for our hosts.

As we walked out the barmaid looked up and said, "See you for coffee in the morning Rach."

I looked at Rachel and said, "You fraud. You're not a witch."

She looked at me sweetly and said, "So, did you have a better way to spend your afternoon?"

I laughed and slapped her on her cute little ass.

"By the way though," she said, "Old man Kennedy was a better fuck than you. You're good, but he was better. Then she turned and waved her hand at the bar and it was suddenly full of people.

"Where'd they come from?" I asked.

"Oh, they were here all along. I just cast a spell that kept the four of us from seeing them."

"Could they see us?" I asked, noticing that there were a couple of cops at the bar.

Rachel laughed, "Duh. I haven't made that mistake since I fucked King Arthur in front of the Round Table. God was Guinevere pissed."

Maybe here was something to this witch business, but I still didn't believe the part about fucking Joe Kennedy.