 This is a story based on actual events. The names have been changed to protect the innocent. 

*

Don't dip your pen in the company ink. That's what I've always heard. And I believed it, too. I could imagine how complicated working relationships might get if sex was involved. But I did violate that unwritten law once.

I had been a victim of downsizing. The company I worked for merged with another one and I was a casualty. I really didn't take well to being 29 and unemployed. I had felt like I was finally getting somewhere in my life and career and now I was back to square one. Weeks of anxiety and uncertainty followed. I eventually ended up with a worse job in a similar field for worse money, and I hated every minute of it. It was very fast-paced, which I actually enjoyed, but the clients were difficult and unreasonable, and some of my co-workers were miserable human beings and not afraid to take it out on you. Also, they insisted that I work until 6pm every night, which during the winter meant I left the office every day long after it was dark outside. I liked sunlight, and I couldn't stand not seeing it at the end of the day. To add insult to injury, the management used to gather us together for a meeting every month to remind us how good we all had it, which I used to scoff at. It was hell, pure hell. Except for the gorgeous women, that is.

I don't know if it was a subtle part of their hiring strategy, but there was a disproportionate amount of attractive women amongst the small staff. And they were the type of women who liked to show off their assets too. They frequently wore short skirts, low-cut blouses, and lots of make-up. Work was like a fashion show, and it made suffering through work every day just a little bit easier.

There was one woman in particular who caught my eye. Her name was Kelly. She was in her mid-twenties, with dirty-blonde hair and a well-proportioned body that she frequently showed off with short skirts and sweaters that revealed plenty of skin. She had a series of small moles that started on her neck and shoulders and kind of made your eyes follow them down to her cleavage. She was hot in a wild-child way.

To my surprise, she was the one who kept trying to catch my attention. Within a few weeks of my starting there items began to mysteriously disappear from my desk. I used to keep a number of little trinkets around, like a toy a former co-worker gave me, and a number of little plastic doo-dads that I won playing skee-ball at the boardwalk one summer. It gave me some character, you know. Why be boring? They would disappear from my desk and reappear on hers on the other side of the office. Once I figured out the game I would go and retrieve my things and return with something of hers. This went on for months. We hardly ever spoke to each other. This was our mode of communication.

My attraction to her was cemented one morning when we arrived at the office at the same time. I pulled into a parking spot a few spaces away from her, and realized that I heard the song "Ramble On" by Led Zeppelin. I was really surprised when I realized that it was coming from Kelly's car, and she was singing along at the top of her lungs. She was a hot young Led Zeppelin fan? This was too much. I was able to make some idle conversation with her on the way into the office. She seemed like a nice enough girl. She was telling me about a college class she was taking. There wasn't much said. It wasn't a long walk.

After that day I started making subtle inquiries with my co-workers about her. Unfortunately everything I heard about her convinced me that she just wasn't my type of girl. She was the 'drink herself blind, wake up in a dumpster in Connecticut' kind of girl. It was a big-turnoff for me. I didn't drink, and I didn't really enjoy being around drinkers. I wrote her off and moved on to other romantic opportunities. Only there weren't any other romantic opportunities for a 29 year old man still living at home working a crappy job, so Kelly continued to be my fantasy woman.

So, now that I thought I knew what time she usually showed up to work, I started subconsciously making an effort to show up at the same time. It wasn't easy. I got the impression that Kelly wasn't really a punctual person, so even though I thought I was being clever pulling into the parking lot at the same time every day, she rarely did.

As it turned out, it was good old-fashioned fate that set us on our path together. When I finally did show up at the same time as Kelly again, it was a couple of weeks later, and I was actually running a few minutes late. That was the kind of random timing that allowed me to show up at the same time as Kelly. I hated being late and was silent and disgruntled as I walked alongside her into the office. Our office was on the second floor of a squat little three story office building. I always took the stairs but I noticed Kelly heading for the elevator and I almost instinctively followed her. We walked into the elevator alone together and Kelly pressed the button. The doors closed and the elevator started to climb, and then stopped with a screeching noise and a stomach-churning lurch. We were stuck!

Kelly went right over to the emergency phone. "Yeah, this is the elevator in building 2, and we're stuck," she said. I heard some 'Peanuts teacher mumbling' and then Kelly said, "Okay, thanks," and hung up the phone.

I had a very mild case of claustrophobia. I got more anxious when I was underground or in low-ceilinged rooms than when I was in an enclosed space like an elevator, but I must have still looked a little worried.

"Are you okay?" Kelly asked me.

"I'm fine," I replied.

"You're not claustrophobic, are you?" Kelly asked.

"A bit," I replied, "I'm fine, really."

"It's okay," Kelly said, moving closer to me, "Here, hold my hand."

I was about to protest again that I was fine, but I realized that she was offering to actually make physical contact with me, and I wasn't going to pass that up. She turned to me and looked me right in the eye. Well, she looked up a bit. I was 5' 11" and she was probably about 5' 8" in heels. I noticed for the first time that she had blue-green eyes that were similar to mine.

"It'll be okay," Kelly was saying to me. "I've been stuck in this shitty elevator three times already. They'll get us out but it usually takes them a while to get the maintenance staff over here to get it moving again."

"Great," I said, "And we were late to work to begin with."

"Don't worry about that either," Kelly said, "They never docked me while I was stuck in here."

I breathed a sigh of relief. I was worried that I'd end up spending hours stuck in this stupid elevator and this crazy company would dock my time or expect me to make it up later. Being stuck in here with a hot girl on company time? I could live with that.

Kelly started making small talk with me. She was mostly trying to get my mind, and probably hers too, off of our situation. We talked about where we came from, our families, our educations, and then we talked about music. I told her about catching her singing along to Led Zeppelin when we got to work together that morning. I mentioned that I was stuck alone in my dorm's elevator in college once, and I passed the time by turning Aerosmith's 'Love in an Elevator' into 'Stuck in an Elevator'. She got a kick out of that and we ended up singing a few bars, each doing our own lousy Steven Tyler impression. We were still holding hands, and I took her and spun her into me as if we were dancing.

She was suddenly right up against me, her back against my front. She turned her head around and peered up at me. For most of my post-puberty life I was naïve and oblivious to these types of situations, but I think by this point in my life I was finally able to tell when a woman was interested. She was giving me one of those looks. I could never figure out exactly what it meant, but I knew it was a good sign. I smiled at her and she smiled back at me, and just when I thought we were going to kiss she spun herself back around and away from me.

I would've just let the moment pass, but my 'other head' had just gotten involved, and my hormones were asserting themselves into my decision making processes. Getting back into physical contact with her was all I could think about, although I could still hear the more sensible part of my brain screaming in the background about how I should never get involved with a co-worker, and how she isn't my type of girl, blah blah blah. It was too late, though. My carnal urges were taking over. Wasn't this supposed to fade over time?

Kelly was facing me on the other side of the elevator, and I started closing the gap. My intentions must have been written all over my face. "Whoa, hold on there," Kelly said.

I stopped in my tracks. "What?" I asked.

"I think you know that I'm attracted to you, and it's obvious that you're attracted to me," Kelly began, "But I also know that you've been asking around about me. You think I'm some out-of-control girl that you could never see yourself with, right?"

"Well, to be honest, yeah..." I began.

Kelly kept right on going before I could launch into one of my famous rambling Hugh Grant-like speeches. "Well, don't believe everything you hear," she said, "I'm not a slut."

"Actually nobody ever told me you were a slut," I replied, "Just, you know, a big drinker and a party girl."

"But you inferred that I must sleep around," Kelly said.

"No. Well, maybe," I said, "But even that is beside the point. I mean, besides the whole 'don't get involved with a co-worker thing'", I paused, gathering my thoughts, "I'm a very boring person. I don't drink, and I don't like being around people who do. I never partied, even in college, and I'm probably too old to start."

"So, you think you already know everything, and that I'm not your type of girl," Kelly said, "Well I've done some crazy things, and I still like to have a few drinks and a good time, but there's nothing wrong with that. And for the record, I'm very picky about the guys I choose to be with."

"I never thought you weren't," I said defensively, "And believe me I'm more than flattered that you've taken an interest in me." I paused, sensing that the next sentence was important, and tried to choose my words carefully. "I just... don't know if it would be a good idea, you and I."

Kelly didn't seem upset or frustrated. In fact, she looked amused. "Wow, you really are a stick-in-the mud," she said, "You're afraid to even hook up with me to find out what it might be like, to see where it might go. You've already made up your mind that there's no hope for us, haven't you? Have you ever done an impulsive thing in your life?"

I don't know what I felt at that moment. Was I angry because this girl saw right through me? Was I ashamed that she was right about my hesitations? What I did know was that I made up my mind to kiss her right there and then, whether she was going to protest or not. I closed the gap and grabbed her, left arm behind her back, right hand in her hair, and kissed her for all I was worth.

Kelly kissed me back. It was a rough, passionate kiss. I pressed her against me, crushing her breasts against my chest, and was nearly pulling her off the ground with the force of my passion. Lips and tongues were everywhere. I could swear that the Earth was moving, and then I realized that the Earth WAS moving, because the elevator had started rising. Kelly and I both realized it at the same time and broke away from each other.

Kelly was giving me a lopsided grin. She was completely disheveled. I could feel myself smiling stupidly at her. Kelly seemed to come to her senses and turned to recollect herself by primping in the mirrored wall of the elevator. I took a moment to wipe the drool from around my mouth and readjust my slacks so that my erection was as inconspicuous as possible.

I was straightening my tie and Kelly was teasing her hair back into place when the elevator doors opened. We were greeted by a maintenance man. If he thought that anything was going on between the two attractive young people who walked out of the elevator he didn't show it. "You two all right?" He asked.

"Just fine," Kelly said, and I nodded. We worked in different departments, and our desks were on opposite sides of the office. I was heading for the front door and Kelly turned to go to the side door. "We'll talk later," Kelly said softly so that only I could hear it. I nodded again and we went our separate ways.

An insane day of work followed. I worked in what was basically a two person 'team' that was just me and a supervisor. She was the #2 person in our whole department and she knew everything and handled all of our problems. Well, this day was the first day since I started working with her that she didn't come to work. All sorts of things started happening and I couldn't hide the fact that I didn't know how to handle any of it. I finally had to ask one of the other team leaders to help me out. To make matters worse one of our clients was driving us crazy, first asking us to have something ready by the end of the day and then changing and re-changing the terms on us. There wasn't even time to give more than a passing thought to Kelly.

Finally around 5:30 everything was under control. The documents were done and off to our client. I thought I could tidy up and wind down my day, but one of the managers came over to me and informed me that since I was the only one left on my team that I had to stay until I got the verification from our client that everything was fine. I would have to say, even if I didn't hear from them for hours. I was incensed. Even though I was basically an administrative assistant, I was technically a salaried employee, so if I worked extra hours they were under no obligation to pay overtime. I was going to protest, or at least laugh in her face and walk out, but the truth was I needed this job too badly. Furious, I went back to my desk and sat there with my arms folded as 6pm arrived and all of the staff left, followed by all of the management. The last manager to leave gave me a lame excuse about why she couldn't stay with me and told me that when I got the go-ahead I could just leave and the door would lock behind me.

"You do realize that even if there is a problem tonight I probably won't be able to do anything about it?" I asked in a last-ditch effort to get myself out of it.

"Don't worry, you'll be fine," the manager said as she hurried past me and out of the office.

I phoned home and told them that I would be home... eventually. I sat there for a good half-hour more, just staring into space and hoping the phone would ring, furious at everything and everyone. I began to think about Kelly, the feel of her lips and her ample bosom pressing against me. I felt myself getting hard and I had to fight off the sudden mad urge to whip it out and jerk off in my empty office. I considered just leaving but I was afraid that something would go wrong and they would find out. Finally I pulled out my copy the Da Vinci Code that I was reading and I tried to get my mind off of everything.

I knew that my department was empty but it never occurred to me to check the other side. After 10-15 minutes of reading, right about the time that I had gotten so into the book that I was no longer aware of my surroundings, I heard a familiar voice say, "Good book?"

I jumped so high my butt actually broke contact with the chair. I spun around and saw Kelly standing behind me. "Oh my God," I said, "What are you still doing here?"

"Just catching up on things," Kelly said, "I got a late start today. What about you?"

I told her all about my crazy client and that I had to stay and wait to make sure there were no problems.

"Yeah, right," Kelly said, "Everybody falls for that the first time. Nobody expects you to be able to handle a problem all by yourself."

"Gee, thanks," I said sarcastically, "I wish I could've gotten that pep talk an hour ago, I'd be eating dinner right now." As I said that my stomach grumbled.

Kelly ignored my sarcasm. "So," she said, going to the next desk just a few feet away and sitting down in the chair, "I said we'd talk later. This is later."

"Later than I could've imagined," I grumbled. "Unfortunately, I've been busy all day long and haven't really had time to think about you much."

"Oh," she said, "Well, what did you think about?"

Your soft lips and ample bosom? "Oh, you know, this morning," I replied.

Kelly smiled. "Glad I made an impression," she said, "So, no further thoughts on whether or not you'd be willing to give a relationship a try?"

"Oh... I don't know," I began, "I mean, there's still the fact that I don't know if we're compatible in any way."

"Well, that's why people date," Kelly said, "To find out about each other. Don't you ever date?"

"Umm, not successfully," I said, "To be honest dating hasn't done much for me. Basically all of the relationships I've had so far began over the internet."

"Is it because you're shy and have trouble meeting people face to face or because you're a total computer geek shut-in who never gets out and does anything?" Kelly asked. 

"Hey!" I said. I don't know why she was trying so hard to push my buttons, but I was getting agitated and defensive, "I do have a life, you know. I go to the gym, I go bowling, and I go to singles events. It's just hard for me to meet people. Why are you so interested in me anyway? You seem to have such a low opinion of me."

"I'm interested in you because you're cute and smart and obviously have a great sense of humor," Kelly began, gesturing and me and my desk full of trinkets, "You're different from most of the people I've met and I was curious to see what might happen. I'm kind of tired of the bar scene and the drunken aging frat boys that you meet there. I wanted to try something different." Kelly stood up and started to walk away, "But since you're being so difficult about it, just forget the whole thing."

I was moved by the speech she made. "Hey!" I caller after her. If she didn't want to be a crazy party girl anymore and I didn't want to be a homebody, maybe we could meet in the middle. When she kept walking across the office I leapt out of my chair and ran after her. "Hey!" I said again as I caught up with her and grabbed her arm. She spun around to face me. "Why didn't you just say so in the elevator?" I asked.

"I shouldn't have to," Kelly said, "You're a lot of hard work, you know. I'm used to men who are good to go with a wink." She shrugged her shoulders. "Look, it's up to you, obviously. Either you do or you don't, just don't expect me to wait around..."

She didn't finish her sentence, because I kissed her. Just like in the elevator, it was a wild kiss, full of passion. I threw both of my arms around her and pressed her against me as hard as I could. Kelly's hands were pulling at my back, and I could feel my shirt come loose.

I suddenly had a disturbing thought and pulled away. "They don't have security cameras here, do they?" I asked.

"No, they don't," Kelly replied, and attacked me again. My mind began to wander, trying to think of a place where we might have been able to be more comfortable. I didn't really want to go on the floor, but my desk especially was small and cluttered, and I couldn't imagine climbing onto anyone else's desk. Kelly forced the issue though, pushing me backward until I lost my balance and fell on my back onto the thinly carpeted floor.

Kelly landed on top of me. "Are you okay?" She asked as she straddled my waist and began to undo my tie.

"Fine," I said. I wouldn't admit she hurt me anyway. It just wasn't something that men did. The pain in my back would go away, eventually. 

Kelly pulled off my tie and began to unbutton my shirt. I lay there and watched her. "Well, aren't you going to touch me?" Kelly asked.
