 "They led me through the dark and quiet house to the conservatory in the back. Inside was a million dollar indoor swimming pool with the fines tiles, wood, and art work. When I arrived it was almost too dark to see but my senses told me that there were others there. The lights came up slowly and I was shocked to see that the pool was ringed by sixteen girls in the same robes."

She drank half of her glass of wine in one pull and set it down on the side of the tub. "They were all standing an equal distance from each other and facing away from the water. There were four girls on each side and their heals were right up to the edge of the bull-nose concrete coping that touched the black water."

"I was led to a chair at the end of the pool that had the little cabana and the other three girls came in. There were twenty of them all dead silent and dressed exactly the same. Their faces and hair was exposed but the stern expressions on their faces made them all look very similar."

She lay back in the water so that her hair was wet and her naked legs were now intertwined with mine. She looked up at the distant ceiling and smiled.

"I suppose you think this is pretty whacky don't you?" She asked.

"Noooo" I assured her. "I am on pins and needles. I want to find out if you had to take off your little negligee and put on a blue robe ... or stand there naked among the other girls."

"Oh, I wish it was that easy. The lead girl told me that I was being considered for a secret society that would change my life. I was going to be given a little information at a time and based upon my answers and my own free will; I would either go to the next step or be rejected."

She told me that I had to be 100% clear that I was not obligated to stay or to do ANYTHING that I didn't want to. I said that I understood. Then she told me that every thing I was going to hear was secret whether or not I was accepted. I told her that I understood that as well.

The first thing she said was this; you are in the midst of the coven of the blue witches. We are a two hundred year old society mad up only of women. No man may join but men may know about us if one of us chooses to tell him.

We wear blue to signify our reverence of water. We wear only the single robe to show that we are ready to be immersed in water at any time. And finally we must pass a series of 'tests' that involve our beloved water in order to become worthy to be in the coven.

She went on, "Are you willing to learn more or are you unable to accept our offer of lifetime membership."

I told her that I was willing to learn more. I was a member of the swim team, an avid snorkeler, and just plain loved the water so this had a great deal of fascination for me.

She looked up at me lying there, "do you like this story?" Yes I did.

The first thing she told me was to remove my clothes. I did that without hesitation since I assumed they were going to throw me in the pool. They did not do that.

She asked how I felt. I told her 'fine'

Next she told me to pick any girl there and walk over and put my hand on her shoulder. I randomly picked a girl that I didn't know and touched her. The girl nodded and unbuttoned her robe and let it drop to the pools edge. Unsurprisingly she was naked under the robe.

Then she told me to put my hand in the water. I bent over exposing my goodies to the girls behind me and did. The water was nice and warm.

She asked me. Would I like to swim in the sacred waters? I told her that I would. She told me to not do so at this time yet.

She then asked the other naked girl if she would like to swim in the sacred waters. Again, a positive response.

She walked over to a table and looked into a leather bound book that was lying open. She said, "There are two challenges on this page. You will be allowed to choose one and the other girl MUST perform the other." Please remember that you may quit at any time and nothing bad will be thought of you. Also, these challenges are considered easy for a prospective new blue witch so if they frighten you, you are advised to relinquish your membership bid right now."

I asked if it was ok to ask a question. She said of course. I asked, "If I fail at a test, can I try again?" She responded that I would not fail.

I continued, "If the other girl does not want to do the challenge, can she refuse?" The answer was simple. No.

Finally I asked, "If I pass this test and others, will I earn a blue robe tonight?" She smiled softly and opened a box that had a brand new blue robe in it.

She bid me to approach the book. It was obviously very old. The language was quite modern however. I can recount exactly what it said word for word since I was allowed to see it later on several occasions.

The page had two paragraphs on it.

The first one said; First Woman, you are required to put your head in water fully immersed for a period to be determined by a time piece accurate to measure off 75 seconds.

The second one said; Second Woman, you are required to hold the First Woman's head under the sacred waters until the test is satisfied. No matter if she struggles or give evidence of drowning are you to let her fail her test.

"Whew", I said. "That gives me a boner just thinking about it"

She looked at me curiously, "Are you saying that you would derive sexual pleasure just imagining a woman being nearly drowned?"

She had me on the hook here. I smiled sheepishly, "Well as long as she wasn't hurt. A lot of guys like to play the whole dominance thing and water can be part of the deal."

"Relax" she laughed, "I'm just giving you a bad time. I just wanted to test YOU out a little bit."

"I knew that I could hold my breath for at least thirty to forty seconds underwater doing light activity like swimming lengths in the pool. I assumed that I could do twice that if I tried hard enough. Besides, how could I make the other girl do this if she did not have a bail-out option?"

"I told the head witch that I would perform the test."

"She gave no indication that she approved or disapproved. She led me over to the edge of the swimming pool and told me to lie on the towel face down. I did so. The then told the other girl to sit on my back straddling me and when I was ready start the sand timer and push my head underwater."

"Her naked pussy was on my back and ..."

"Hold it right there!" I commanded. "Let me enjoy this for a moment before you go on. Her naked pussy was on your bare back? That is the stuff dreams are made of!" I stole that line from the old move called the Maltese Falcon but I think it worked better here by a long shot!

She asked if I wanted to stop the story and she could put her naked pussy on my back. She wasn't angry. She was just asking.

I told her that I was planning for that to happen later anyway so let's not spoil the story.

"She was sitting on my back and I had my head hanging out over the water. It was not all that comfortable but it was not torture either. I took several deep breaths and put my face in the water. The other girl turned the sand timer over and put her hand in my hair."

"I was only in the water for about fifteen seconds when I heard chanting. The girls around the pool were singing some sort of song and it was completely taking my mind off my breath holding."

When I got to sixty seconds the chanting told me that they were supporting me and that I had only a short while to go. I was out of breath and struggling to hold it. I felt I was going to drown but I hung on anyway. It helped that the girl was my back and I could feel her twitching pussy on my bare skin!

I leaned forward with concern, amazement, and ... lust! I touched her neck and then moved up and ran my tongue along the edge of her ear. I was greeted by a soft moan, and her hands soon find mine and placed them on her firm breasts. I slowly traced my fingers around the contours of her breasts, making smaller and smaller circles. I eventually reached her nipples, which were quite erect from the attention her breasts had been receiving. 

Katie's head was thrown back in bliss, as I alternated between playing with her nipples and massaging her breasts. After a while I begin to move my hand down over her smooth stomach, and then down the outside of Katie's leg. 

I then begin to run my hand on the inside of her leg, making an up and down motion that got closer to her pussy with ever stroke. Finally I rested my hand on her knee, Katie's body almost stiff in sexual anticipation.

She looked me in the eye and said, "So I made it but just barely. I was almost starting to lose control as the time came up on seventy five seconds. I was all but drowning when the second girl pulled my head up."

"I lay there gasping and feeling pretty good. One by one the other girls removed their robes until all but the top witch and her three aids were nude. One of the aids told me that it is known in the wican community this was known as going 'skyclad'." 

"She said that there are several theories as to why this practice came about. One is that clothing positive blocks energy from the other witches. Another is that being nude represents the deep trust between coven members which is probably true. Also lack of robes removes all indications of rank, and therefore places all members as equals. And finally, being nude with fellow witches shows the level of commitment to the craft and one's coven."

I backed away and let her continue with this fantastic and erotic tale. My cock was poking about the surface of the water but we both choose to ignore it.

Katie asked for more wine and I filled her glass. The bottle was empty and I had to make the decision to go get more or just get intoxicated by her beauty and voice.

I moved around in the tub to get comfortable and to put my hip in close contact with her hip. She leaned against me and was silent for a while. I asked her if she wanted to take a break for a few minutes as she said "hmmmmmm"

I ran my hand through the water, almost undetected, and hit my target. Katie's body jumped as I slowly stroked the outside of her pussy. Her hips begin to move in rhythm with my hand, and I trace her outer lips before entering a finger into her. 

The tempo of her hips increased, faster and faster. Water was literally splashing out of the tub, and Katie started to moan loudly. I began to pull her clit with my two fingers and then moved away and pulled again.

Shortly after that Katie's lower body lifted almost out of the water as she has one of the greatest orgasms I have ever seen!

She gasped, "That was fantastic but nothing like what I am going to show you later tonight!"

I was intrigued...

To be continued...