 I was running late for a date with a beautiful woman that worked in the same building as I did in Los Angeles. We were both professionals in different fields. I was an engineer and she was a dental technician. The traffic was murder and I could have crawled faster than the car was moving. I won't even go into the parking situation. 

It had been a long week and I was looking forward to dinner and a little clubbing with this hot Latina. She lived in a high rise condo building on the fifth floor. As I got off the elevator the door on the opposite elevator opened and there she was looking as frazzled.

I smiled and "Hi beautiful," she looked at me as if I was nuts.

"God, I'm running late. Please hold these bags for me so I can open the door." She held the door for me to carry the bags in.

I thought to myself tonight is fucked. Everything we did was a product of rushing to do everything without really stopping to enjoy life. Maybe I would offer her some alternatives. This was our second date and we both enjoyed the first on Wednesday evening. 

"Rosa I am going to offer you three alternatives for this evening. Anyone you choose will be alright with me. Would that be alright with you?"

She looked a little surprised but said, "OK what are my choices?" She had an inquisitive look on her face and I had her attention.

"First, we can continue with this evening as planned." She smiled at that.

"Second, we can cancel this evening and reschedule for tomorrow evening." She frowned at that. 

"Third, I can make you queen for the evening." She looked puzzled.

"What does queen for the evening mean? I like the sound of that, but you need to explain what it entails, please." Her breathing slowed down and she had a smile on her face.

I knew that I had her, if I could present this in a non-intimidating manner. "I will be your servant for this evening; only your pleasure will be allowed. I will pour your wine and draw your bath. Once I have undressed you and poured your favorite fragrance onto the water, you will relax and soak for a half hour. While you are relaxing and sipping wine, I will order food to be delivered. I will set the table and straighten up the kitchen for you.

I will return to the bathroom and trim you if that is your desire. I will wash your hair and comb it out so it dries right. Also, you will be toweled off in a gentle manner. We will eat dinner, then I will escort you to your bed and give you full body massage, and then tuck you in and say goodnight. We can reschedule our date for tomorrow when you have had a chance to relax." Her eyes were big and her mouth was half open.

She had a big smile "And what do you get out of this? It sounds too good to be true."

"I get the pleasure of your company for the evening, a quiet evening at home without having to find a parking place, or waiting in lines for dinner or to get into clubs." Of course I was smiling and looking into her eyes as I replied.

"What about sex?" she inquired.

"Not allowed for me this evening. However, when I massage you I can give you a happy ending if you so desire." Her eyes were big, her nose was flaring a little, and she was grinning. Those were good signs.

"OK servant, your queen wants you to come over here and take my shoes off. The wine is in the kitchen fridge. Please bring the ottoman over here while I relax. The take out menus are in the second drawer on the left-hand side. Please bring them back and we can decide what to order. It will take a while tonight." She was grinning as she replied.

I picked up the ottoman and she lifted her legs as I slid it under her feet. I removed her shoes and she sighed in relief. I set them neatly by the side of her chair and went into the kitchen and returned with her wine and the menus. We settled on a big salad, garlic bread, and ribs fron a place that was close. Even then, it would be an hour and fifteen minutes before it could be delivered. We had time for her bath, so I started the water; she only had one kind of bath oil so that was an easy decision. It smelled nice as I poured the oil into the water. I escorted her into the master bath and proceeded to undress her. She was a ripe woman with great curves that accented her booty and wonderful handfuls of luscious tits. Her pubes were a little ragged and I hoped she would let me shave them for her.

I popped a huge boner and decided to do nothing about it. She looked at my pants and smiled at me, teased me with her eyes and kept on smiling. This was going to be harder that I imagined. I held her as she got into the bathtub.

I turned to go to the kitchen and clean up the mess she asked. "Where are you going? You are supposed to wash me good all over. Take off your shirt so you don't get it wet. Remember I am the Queen."

Judging by the smirk on her face, she knew exactly what she doing to me. So I played her game, I soaped up the washcloth and started with her back and washed her as much as I could reach. Then I moved to her legs and feet and washed them up to halfway up her thighs. I loaded the washcloth again and handed it to her and said, "The rest is yours."

"Hold on, cowboy, you promised that you would do my bidding tonight, and I want you to finish what you started. And when we get to my hair, I want you to shave my pussy for me." She handed me the washcloth back and threw one leg over the outside of the bathtub and the other on the ledge between the wall and the bathtub. She had an evil grin on her face.

Well, two could play this game. My dick was harder than I can ever remember it being. As I started to wash her front, I stayed away from her tits and pussy, but I got as close as possible. She leaned back and closed her eyes and smiled. I was down to the last part, when I washed her nipples and she started to breathe heavy. As I rubbed her pussy with the washcloth, she started to get turned on. Her chest started to blush and her nostrils flared out big time. I stopped and pulled the plug. "Please stand up so I can shave you and do your hair." 

Her eyes snapped open and she had a disappointed look on her face. "Why did you stop, you promised me a happy ending? After all I am the Queen." She was pouting as she told me that.

"I promised you a happy ending when I massaged you, not when I was bathing you." It was my turn to smirk.

"Big Meany! I could have had two."She stood up in the bathtub. I sprayed shaving cream on her pubes and proceeded to shave her like a newborn baby. I wanted to bury my face in her pussy and lick until she screamed in an orgasm.

"Next time," I promised myself. I was struggling with my dick; he felt that he deserved some of the attention that my hands were bestowing upon the queen. He was not used to being a subservient appendage when the smell of pussy was in the air.

I used the hand held shower to wet and shampoo her hair as I massaged her scalp with my fingernails and rubbed the shampoo into her hair. The shampoo had a built-in conditioner, so we waited a while for it to do its job. While we were waiting, I soaped up my hand and washed her ass and rosebud making sure to spend some time on her starfish. Then I rinsed her with the pulsing spray and she started moaning, that's when I stopped. She was pushing against my hand as I washed her.

"You are going to pay when it's my turn. It's not nice to piss off the queen" you could see the evil thoughts running around in her head.

I smirked, gave her hair a quick second wash with some baby shampoo that I spied in her cabinet.

"Why did you do that?" she asked.

"So it will be easier to brush your hair and get the tangles out. My mom and sisters taught me that." I brushed her hair before we wrapped it in a towel. I put her bathrobe on her and we went into the bedroom to her dressing table. She handed me her brushes and I started brushing her hair. The baby shampoo definitely helped; there were hardly any tangles. 

I asked where the sheets and towels were. She told me and I changed the sheets and put towels down to start her massage. I used her lotion for massage oil -- it smelled like coconuts and gave off a pleasing fragrance. I started with her back and worked my way to her feet.

I asked her to turn over and started at her feet and worked my way up to her thighs without touching her pussy lips. Then I moved to her shoulders and chest area, by the time her tits were done her nipples stood up big and hard. As I approached her pussy you could smell her arousal over the coconut. "You sure you want a happy ending? Last chance to back out!"

She reached over and grabbed my balls firmly. "If you leave me hanging one more time, these won't be going home with you. Do I make myself perfectly clear, or do I need to be firmer?"

"Well allrightee then! I will take that as a yes." She let my balls go and brushed my cock as she pulled her hand away. I could cut diamonds with the damn thing. I had a precum stain on my pants the size of an apple. I was starting to question my sanity for starting down this road, but a deal was a deal. I kept my hands constantly caressing her body and appendages, light over the areas I had already massaged and firm on the areas I was massaging. She was unconsciously moving her body to chase my hands. 

I worked my way through college doing massages on the side, and as a result graduated with no student loans. My portable massage table was still in the back of the closet in the spare bedroom at my apartment. I needed to break that thing out again; it had been years since the last time I used it. I got laid about 40% of the time during college. However, when I had my degree in my hand, I had competing offers from seven different companies and four of them were on the west coast. That's how I came to L.A.

Her tits were the size of oranges, and I massaged them from her chest to within an inch of her nipples and back down a couple of times. Her eyes were closed and she was moaning and her breathing was starting to speed up. I used one hand to drag my nails to her pussy, she spread her legs wider in anticipation of what was coming. Her pussy lips were leaking her juices as I slid a finger up and down their length. I slipped a wet finger in her mouth and she sucked like a newborn calf. 

"Please do me now!" she husked.

I slipped a finger into her pussy "Oh My God she was tight!" I thought as her pussy grabbed my finger firmly, took me about four minutes of massage action just to be able to get two fingers in her. This was one tight pussy, I wasn't sure I would be able to get my dick in her when we fucked.

I rubbed her "G" spot until she went rigid and screamed out her first orgasm. I had purposely not touched her clit when giving her penetration. I turned my fingers over and slowly and gently continued to massage the inside of her pussy on the opposite side of the spot. She was mewing and making unintelligible sounds and moving her hips in response to my fingers.

All this time I was still caressing her tit. I moved my hand down to the outside of her pussy, up by her clit and started squeezing my fingers gently together so her clit was extending out of her as far as it would go without grabbing it directly. I varied my technique and watched her reactions to see which brought her the most pleasure. It was squeeze and pause, then in and out of her pussy pause, then repeat the action.

Her chest was a rosy pink and her breath was ragged. She was moaning long and loud as I worked her into frenzy. Just before she was going to cum, I went back to her nipple and grabbed it hard as I withdrew my fingers from her pussy and rubbed directly on her clit firmly. She reacted like she was hit by lightning, her body went rigid and she was howling like a banshee. She started thrashing around having mini aftershocks. I returned to soft caressing motions as she came down, I stroked her skin and ran my fingers through her hair as I cooed to her. Her eyes did not seem to focus for a couple of minutes.

She looked at me "Oh My God, what did you do to me? Please no more, I tingle all over my body, my legs don't work, and I am as limp as a dishrag." She looked like she had been ridden hard and put away wet.

"I gave a royal happy ending to my queen for a day. Let me go get you some water to hydrate you." Her pussy had leaked juice all over the towels on the bed. I returned with the water and she gulped it down. I cleaned her up with a wet washcloth and gently rolled her over one way and then the other to remove the towels fron underneath her.

"You rest now while I take care of the bathroom and the kitchen. I kissed her on her forehead; I am not sure she was even aware, because her eyes were shut and her breathing was shallow. As I looked at her on the bed, her legs were splayed open and her pussy lips were still oozing moisture. It took all my willpower not to insert my tongue and lick her clean. 

When I was cleaning up the bathroom, I weakened and a dozen strokes later, I squirted the largest load of cum into the potty that I could remember. I continued to clean the place up, one load in the dryer and the last batch of towels in the washer. It was midnight and I went to check on her one more time. As I walked into the bedroom she was still in the same position as I had left her. I whipped my smart phone out and took a couple of pictures for posterity and lonely nights by myself.

I pulled the sheet over her and she came awake. "What time is it?" she asked.

"Five after twelve, Princess"

"What happened to Queen?" she asked.

"Sorry but you turned into a Princess at midnight." I grinned at her.

"Well if I am not a queen then you can get into bed and hold me tonight, I want you here in the morning when I wake up. Please go take a shower and then wrap your arms around me and hold me tight." She pleaded; she had a longing look in her big brown eyes.

You can't disappoint a princess, can you? I hastened to take my shower. When I returned and slid into bed she pushed me on my back and draped herself on half of my body with one leg over my leg. She snuggled under my arm and placed my other arm on her butt cheek. 

When she had me arranged how she wanted me, she reached up and kissed me slowly and tenderly. "In the morning I am going to ravage your body; tonight I am just so tired." She snuggled as close as humanly possible into me, and when her breathing became slow and shallow, I knew she was asleep. Not long after I joined her.

In the morning I awoke to the feeling of someone running her nails through my chest hairs. Soft teasing strokes that had my skin alive and wanting more. Nature calling was a more pressing need when I realized that things were going to get ugly if I didn't hit the head immediately. A quick trip to the bathroom and I was ready to get ravaged. Returning to the bedroom, I saw she was kneeling on her side of the bed with a big grin on her face. "Lie down on your back with your hands over your head!" she commanded.

She proceeded to tie my hands to the headboard posts as she explained, "You need to have your hands restrained because they are lethal weapons in the bedroom. You did things to me that make my knees weak and pussy drip. I am taking no chances with you, mister." 

Now this was a first for me -- I was usually the one calling the shots. I decided to go with it and see where it would end up. Was I nervous? Yes I was, mildly. 

She reached for something in the nightstand by the bed. Her nipples were in my face so I decided to latch on to one of them with my mouth and teeth. She responded like I anticipated -- a low growl and she thrust her tit further into my mouth. I was sucking on her nipple like a newborn baby with strong suction when she pushed herself away. 

"You have control issues, don't you? I can't trust you at all." The look in her eye belied her words. 

Thirty seconds more and she would have been mine. 

She wrapped her hand around my cock and said "Maybe I need to stuff a pair of my soggy panties in your mouth so that you can't surprise me again?" 

My cock jumped in her hand and she got an evil look on her face. "Oh, you like that thought, do you?" She reached down and fingered her pussy and brought up a dripping finger to my mouth.

I opened my mouth to lick her finger, and then she surprised me by wiping her juice between my nose and upper lip. 

"You are mine now, you have been marked!" She was grinning like a little girl that had gotten away with the cookie jar. "You will be inhaling my scent with every breath you take." 

I will have to give the devil her due; I did not anticipate that development at all. Her scent was driving me crazy, my hormones went into high gear and I needed to fuck her in the worst way. My hips were pumping my cock into her hand so I could get off. I started moaning like a little bitch in heat and she finally realized she was subconsciously squeezing my cock to the rhythm. She let go of my cock with a surprised look on her face.

"NO" I yelled. "I was almost there," I moaned. I was fucking the air and could not get any friction to finish my cum. I was so close it was criminal to stop that close to the finish. My balls were not happy campers. They decided that punishment was in order and I had the worst case of blue balls in my life. My breathing was slowly returning to normal.

The sadistic she-devil on the bed was smiling like a shit-eating dog. "Is there something wrong?" She pulled off the little innocent girl look and then the smirk emerged. "Remember when I told you last night, you are going to pay when it's my turn. Well how does it feel? Do you like being cut off seconds from the end?" She smirked.

I was trying to think of a way out of this when she spoke.

"I am going to offer you three alternatives for this morning. Anyone you choose will be alright with me. Would that be alright with you" she smiled. "We are officially even now, I have control issues, also."

It was a déjà-vu moment. Less than 24 hours ago very similar words were spoken.

"First, I can untie you and you can go home and we can have another date when time permits."

"Second, I can leave you tied up, roll you over, and fuck your ass with my strap on."

"Third, I can untie you and we can work on getting your cock into my pussy. We can spend the rest of the weekend fucking each other's brains out."

I was grinning. "You sort of stacked the deck in favor of number three didn't you."

"Remember, I am the queen." Then she untied my hands.