 Siren looked in, what she liked to call, her 'box of tricks' and nodded in satisfaction. Everything she needed was there, the scarves, the vibrator and the flavoured lubricant; she paused when she ran her hand over the vibrator. She was already turned on just thinking about what she was going to do later; she glanced at the bedside clock. 

"Damn, I don't have time" she muttered to herself with some regret as she pushed the box next to the bed and hurried off to shower. 

She turned the tap on hard and gasped as she stepped under the stream of icy cold water, her nipples hardened in response. Grabbing the soap she quickly worked up lather and started to soap herself. She lingered over her breasts, her nipples were rock hard and almost painful to touch. She reminded herself she had no time to play and hurriedly washed. Stepping out of the shower, shivering from the cold she wrapped a towel around herself and moved back into her bedroom. Grabbing her body lotion she sat in front of the mirror and poured a generous amount of cream into her hands. Bending down she rubbed the cream into her calves and moved her hands in tandem up her legs, over her knees, up the inside of her thighs. Looking up she caught her reflection in the mirror and watched her hands moving over her legs. She was completely shaven and felt almost detached watching her own hands touching herself. Imagining her hands were Retro's, she slid them along her inner thighs spreading her legs wide apart. The tips of her fingers met over her pussy lips, still watching her reflection, she parted her lips until she could see her clit sitting there, longing to be touched, licked and sucked on. Just as she was about to rub herself to orgasm, a noise startled her. 

"Damnit woman, get a hold of yourself" she scolded, leaping off the bed and realising how much time she'd wasted sitting there daydreaming. She badly needed some release but knew that holding off would just make the evening that much more exciting. Grinning to herself she started to dress. 

Siren looked in the mirror again and nodded satisfied, the white g/string that Retro had bought her looked beautiful teemed with her white suspender belt and stockings. She adjusted the straps on the lacy white bra and nodded again. Yes, that would do nicely. She slipped the dress over her head and pulled it into place. 

She'd told Retro that he was to let himself in, take off his clothes and lie down on her bed, close his eyes and under no circumstances was he allowed to open them again until she said so. 

She heard him turn the key in the front door and hurried into the bathroom. Slipping a hand into her panties she fondled her clit, whilst she watched him walk into the bedroom, strip and lie on the bed. 

Without saying a word she walked into the room, turned the music on and reached down for her box of tricks. Seeing that Retro was about to say something, she leant over and with the same fingers that had just been pleasuring her clit she placed them on his lips and whispered 'shhhh, no talking'. Taking the scarves out of the box, she gently took his left hand and tied it to the corner of the bed, she did the same with his right hand, she contemplated tying his legs but then thought it might make him uncomfortable. Besides it was only his hands she wanted out of the way. 

Retro heard her move around the room and wondered what she was up to. He knew he should feel vulnerable lying there naked and tied up, but his trust in her was so complete that he was totally at ease. He felt the bed move under her weight and tried to guess what she was doing. Her lips gently caressed his and he opened his mouth to give her tongue access. He loved the way she kissed, almost as if her tongue was making love to his. She kissed him deeply, her tongue moving around in his mouth, sliding along his teeth, entwining with his, no other part of their bodies touched, just their mouths. 

The kiss seemed to go on for ages until panting slightly she moved away from his mouth and concentrated on his ears. Siren knew just how much Retro enjoyed having his ears nibbled on and licked... she slid her tongue along the inside of his ear and nibbled on his earlobe. Pulling away she glanced down and grinned seeing the effect she was having on him. His cock stood proudly erect and she longed to touch it, but she held off, not sure who wanted it more -- him or her. 

"As a reward for being so obedient, you may open your eyes and watch me undress." 

Retro opened his eyes and blinked slightly, Siren stood slightly to his left forcing him to turn his head to the side in order to see her. He watched silently as she turning around to face him pulled the short dress up and over her head, letting it drop to the floor. He whistled softly as he gazed at her, she looked beautiful. He noticed she was wearing 'his' g/string and he smiled remembering how she'd dared him to buy it for her. 

Siren reached up behind her and undid the clasp on her bra and watched as it joined the dress on the floor. Looking down she ran her hands up over her stomach until they cupped her breasts. She pinched each nipple between two fingers and rolled them around, she loved doing that and it always caused a reaction. She could feel her pussy lips becoming heavy again. Still caressing her breasts she walked towards the bed and stood there. 

"Close your eyes again" she commanded. 

Just before Retro closed his eyes he saw her start to bend over the bed. He felt her nipple on his lips and opened his mouth eagerly. Licking at her he sucked her nipple into his mouth and heard her groan deep in the back of her throat. If was wonderful to feel her naked flesh and he almost whimpered when she pulled away from him. It had been too short, he wanted to play with her nipples some more and almost told her that, but kept quiet. 

Siren reached down and opened her box, pulling out her vibrator she lay down next to Retro with her back to him, so that her back and arse were pressed hard against his side. She turned on her vibrator and felt him jump a little at the noise, she ignored him and put the vibrator on her clit and audibly gasped. It felt so good and she knew it wouldn't be long before she orgasmed. She rolled her nipple in-between her fingers and moved her hips, her arse rubbing against Retro's thigh. 

Retro gritted his teeth in frustration, had she any idea what she was doing to him? He had an inkling she did and he refused to let on just how turned on he was. He could feel her move next to him and could hear her panting. He heard her turn the speed up on the vibrator and almost instantly after that felt her stiffen and arch her back. He heard her giggle as she shifted and let the vibrator fall to the floor with a dull thud. 

"Reward number two sweetheart, is you get to open your eyes and watch me." 

Retro opened his eyes and looked down his body… she was knelt between his legs with a gentle smile on her face. He watched her as she looked at his cock, and the little pool of pre-cum on his stomach. That image would stay with him forever, the look of total lust on her face as she leant up and lapped at the pre-cum, long licks until she'd licked it all up. 

Siren licked her lips, if he tasted this good now, she couldn't wait to taste the real thing. Gently she took his cock in her hand and reaching down for the flavoured lubricant, she rubbed some over his shaft. It smelt like sweets and tasted a little like cherries. Rubbing her hand up and down his shaft she took the tip of him in her mouth and gently sucked, running her tongue over his slit and down the side of him. Creating a suction with her mouth she took more of him in and moved her mouth and hand together. Cupping his balls with her left hand she gently caressed them whilst keeping up the movement of her mouth and right hand. She knew he must be close, no sane man could hold out too long after all that had just happened. Increasing the speed of her mouth and tightening her hold on his cock she sucked at him, moving up and down, thrilling at the feel of his cock. Nothing turned her on more than the feel of a rock hard cock moving in and out of her mouth, and she took as much of him into her mouth as she could, relaxing the back of her throat. 

Retro knew there was nothing he could do, he was past the point of no return, the feel of her hot wet mouth and hands on his cock were taking him to places he'd never been. The thought flashed through his mind that she wasn't lying when she bragged in channel about being the Queen of Blowjobs, she really was extremely good at it. Thrusting his hips up in time to the movement of her mouth he pulled at his bonds wishing he could touch some part of her body and then lost all conscious thought as the orgasm took over. 

Siren felt him contract as the first hot spurt of cum filled her mouth, contraction after contraction. Siren stopped moving her mouth and held onto his cock gently squeezing as the contractions lessened. Swallowing, she tasted him as his cum slid down her throat, she'd been right, he did taste divine. Slowly almost regretfully she moved her mouth away from his cock and looked up at him. Sitting up she leant over him and undid his bonds. 

Retro pulled her down on top of him and sighing in contentment whispered in her ear "QueenofBJ".