 It was the summer after my sophomore year of college when I really got into cocksucking in a big way. Oh before then I had some experience but nothing great. I never went down on a guy until I was 19. When I was 15 my Dad had nicknamed me 'Queenie, The Late Starter' cause my body never really developed like a girl's should. I was barely out of a training bra when I graduated high school, and was still barely a small B cup 3 years later. But I doubt that Dad was thinking about me starting on giving head either late or not late. But I am Queenie -- that's my actual, legal name - an unusual name for an unusual girl.

I had a boyfriend for part of freshman year of college and a different one that summer and I blew both of them a number of times. It didn't mean much to me one way or t'other but they seemed to want it a lot and I liked both of them well enough to let them finger fuck me so I figured why not give something back. You know? Anyhow my first blowjob was over Christmas break my freshman year and I'd guess I went south on these guys maybe 30 times over the next year and a half. Probably would have been more but it was hard to find privacy and I've never been one -- even today -- to like giving head in a car or on a park bench somewhere. I like my comfort when I'm working I guess. Which is ironic if you consider that my first decent bj was on my knees in the dirt out in the woods. But I'm getting ahead of myself now.

One thing I never would do is to let the boys cum in my mouth back then. My sister Anne, who is a year older than me, told me it was gross and I didn't need to do it to please my guy. I figured she was my expert and so took her advice. I guess probably a little precum juice must have got on my tongue but I didn't mind it and that's way different anyhow. What I did notice is how much power I had over the guys from kneeside. It was unbelievable! I mean they were nice guys overall anyhow, but still with guys they always want their own way whether its which movie to see or when we should meet up to hang out or what dress I'm going to wear on a date. But once I was on my knees it was all over -- they would do anything I wanted. I actually talked the summer boyfriend -- his name was Billy -- into inviting me to his sister's wedding while slowly licking and kissing his shaft for like an hour while we were up in his room "studying." His mother was down in the kitchen banging pots and pans around to remind us that we were not home alone. He really didn't want to have to go with a date -- but he did once he got me to seal the deal with my mouth. I kind of liked the power I guess but it really didn't do that much for me.

My friends were not much help. We were pretty much all of us giving head to our boyfriends by this age, but no one ever wanted to talk about it. I mean girls who would go on for hours about their periods or their parent's marital and financial problems or worries about the size of their tits or the sizes of their brother's dicks would get all coy and bashful if you ever said anything about cocksucking. I had figured out that most were like me -- giving it but not all the way. The only way to get information was from your own boyfriend, because the guys were all sharing notes on what each girl would give or not give. When Billy told me that one of the girls in our group, Sam, was letting his friend James cum in her mouth- well we all kind of knew she was just a slut after that and she faded away from us girls.

But then things changed. Billy and I never broke up -- he just moved away with his family in the middle of my sophomore year. So that was that and for the rest of that year I was remained single. In July I found my Dad's porn stash down in his office in a box marked 'Taxes.' I had never suspected anything about sex there but was trying to find out how much he really earned which I knew you could off the government tax forms. Imagine my surprise when what I found under some old irrelevant tax forms was a collection of videos with names like 'Oral Amateurs', 'That's Not Going to Fit in There!' and 'A Throat Named Sally.' There were about 25 of them in all plus a collection of porn mags featuring girls that looked to be about my age doing everything I had never even imagined doing. 

Well you know how that sort of thing goes. I was disgusted after 10 minutes with the mags and threw them all back in the box and went out for a smoothie. I watched my Dad at dinner that night -- he seemed the same however. But I woke up the next day deciding to see a little more. That day I watched one of the blowjob videos and forced myself to watch as two girls who looked about my age swallowed load after load after load of cum from about 6 guys who had taken them on a harbor cruise. Most of the guys in the video looked normal sized -- sort of like older versions of my two boyfriends -- but one in particular was hung like the proverbial horse. The video ends with the 2 girls sucking different sections of his huge pipe because they feel bad about not being able to take him even half as deep as they did the other guys. Then they kneel in front of him while he cums on both their faces. The End. 

Within a month I'd found enough privacy to watch every one of the videos and study every picture from the magazines. I never really felt turned on by what I saw, but I could feel my brain buzzing trying to process the meaning of all that sperm spilled over all those tongues and faces and shot up into all those pussies. What did it all mean?

The other thing that happened involved Annie, and that's really where this story begins. About a week after we got out of school that year, the family headed into the deep north woods for 2 weeks of vacation. We had a really nice little camp on a lake up there that Annie and I had learned to swim in as little girls. Dad only had the first week for vacation time so he was going to leave early, but Mom and Annie and I were going to be there for the duration. After Dad left it took all of one afternoon for Annie to convince Mom that it would be OK if, unknown to Dad, she invited her boyfriend Tom up for a couple of days before the weekend. Tom is this sort of OK guy, nothing special but nice enough to Annie I guess. Anyhow on his second day up he and Annie were on the raft out on the lake sunbathing and splashing around from time to time when Mom asked if I would accompany her into the small town nearby to pick up some groceries. We waved to the adorable couple on the raft and drove off but before we went a half mile my period cramps started in and I asked Mom if it would be ok if I just walked back to the camp to lay down. She wanted to drive me but something told me my business was going to require some privacy. Well I didn't exactly hurry back -- probably was timing the thing in my secret brain while my other brain was looking at the flowers and such. The cramps were not really so bad. As I turned into the last stretch I could see that Annie and Tom were no longer on the raft, and I knew it was time to hurry up just a little.

When I got to the camp I circled around back through the woods that came right up almost to the window of the bedroom Annie and I shared. The window was one of those crank out windows that's tall and thin and goes almost all the way to the floor. It was wide open, probably because I'd opened it before Mom and I left for town. I realized I could stand behind a big old oak tree that was like 10 feet from the window and from inside I could hear Annie's voice.

"Why don't you just fuck me? You never just wanna fuck."

"Baby I'm going to fuck you. I just need you to suck me for a while before I do."

"Jesus -- what is it with you and blowjobs? I mean I'm giving you my pussy."

I peeked out from behind the tree. I could see Annie standing at the foot of my bed, which was closer to the window. She had on her bathing suit bottoms, but her top was off. Her tits looked really nice then. Just kind of big enough, at least from a girl's point of view. And they stood right up on her chest with nice hard little pink nipples that pointed up. I couldn't see Tom at all and was guessing he was lying on my bed already. Then I saw Annie's face and chest going downward as she sunk to her knees. I felt a rush in my pussy. When she did that she looked exactly like one of the girls on the boat video when she sank to her knees on the deck to suck off the guy with the huge cock. She looked a little pissed off but in a kind of determined "I'll show him" way. I had to creep forward to see more. 

When I did I could see Tom lying back on my bed, an arm draped over his eyes. And I could see the back of Annie's head as it went forward to lick his cock. Then she was bobbing a little. Then she stopped and took Tom's cock in her hand and started to jerk him off. I got a good view of his cock then to the side of her body and a second jolt hit my cunt. It was a really neat looking cock -- I mean a really nice size, bigger than my boyfriend's had had, smaller than the huge guy in the video, nice and thick and veiny in a very masculine way, standing hard up on its balls shiny wet from her mouth and bending backwards like a banana while Annie's little hand started stroking up and down fast. Whew!

I jumped a bit when Tom took the arm off his eyes and bent his head forward. But it sure didn't seem like he saw me. "Use your mouth slut, not your hand" was all he said before dropping back down to the pillow. Now it was Annie who jolted, and I mean her whole body stiffened and I could see her fair skin blotching red like she was getting mad. But she did it. Moved her mouth back over the cock and started to suck again. 

After about 10 seconds her mouth came off again and she looked up to say "You going to fuck me now? I sucked it for you."

"Fuck! Suck my cock bitch. I'm going to cum in your mouth before you get fucked."

Now Annie stood up and walked away from the window, saying "Fuck you, Tom. There's no time for both, my Mom is going to be back pretty soon."

Tom jumped up, his cock bobbing rigid against his belly as he took off after her. He got her in 2 strides, spun her around and pulled her backwards to the bed. He pushed her face down on my bed and stood behind her now stroking his own cock. Annie let out a little moan as she realized she was going to get what she wanted. He snatched the bikini bottoms down to her thighs to expose her cunt and then attacked her from behind. Her moan became a grunt as he entered her and she was saying "I'm not wet yet." A second later he had her thighs spread wide; I could see that banana boat cock finding the sweet spot into her sweet spot. One shove and he was half way in her. Now the grunt became a crying grunt-moan, half a woman needing to get fucked and half the pissed off Annie realizing she wasn't getting to control her guy. He reared back and plunged again and almost his entire shaft penetrated her slit. Then he was fucking her hard and fast, banging away at her pussy like a man possessed. I saw his ass cheeks clench and his heavy balls swinging between his own spread legs.

Now it was his turn to scream, "Fuck Annie." He was ready. But he pulled out of her and grabbed her by the waist to spin her on her back. She landed on the bed with a thump and I will never forget the look of fear, lust, anger and sluttiness that washed over her face as he climbed on the bed to straddle her chest, his hand was on his cock to stroke it to completion and then he had her pinned with his ass more or less sitting on her tits and his missile pointed at her face. One stroke, two strokes and three and he was off, shooting sperm hard and fast at her red face. I watched her shuddering expression as they hit her hair, her chin, the pillow and then her forehead and hair again. 

Now it was me cumming. And I realized for the first time that my fingers had gone inside my cut-offs and inside my panties and I was gushing cream of my own. It was only Annie who was not cumming. Tom and I finished together and I looked in again to see Annie trying to push his thighs off her tits so she could escape. Her face and hair were a mess and Tom's cum was starting to drip from her chin right down on those pretty tits and even to her belly. I ducked away from the window to the sound of her saying "Fuck you Tom, you're not getting this pussy ever again."

I ran back into the woods, the cut-offs unsnapped and unzipped and starting to fall down my ass. I could hear some yelling from the bedroom but could no longer tell what exactly was being said. Tom was clearly giving it right back as his deeper voice boomed over hers. I heard her shriek once and then a door slammed. Then it was quiet.

I zipped up and sat on a boulder. Even then my secret brain was figuring out a plan, but naturally I didn't know that yet. My breath was still coming hard as I sat. My middle finger suddenly snaked over my tongue and I could taste the tangy girl juice that had been produced by what I'd just seen. It was nice. Really. Then I started really thinking. First about how hot Tom had been. The size and shape of his cock. The amount of sperm he shot at Annie. The way he was fucking her so furious at not getting his blowjob first. The way he forced her to bend over on the bed. Then about Annie. How cute her body was, especially those tits which I personally would have killed for. But mostly about what a bitch she'd been and how she got exactly what was coming to her (ha-ha!) About how she got so pissed off over a simple blowjob, about how she complained the whole time he was doing her, and about how she really didn't deserve a man with a dominating cock like Tom had. She had been my self-appointed expert on giving head, saying I should do it but not let the guys cum in my mouth. Now that I'd seen her technique I had to say she was the wrong person to listen to.

I thought back to the 2 girls on the video. I mean they had been nervous as hell at the start -- what girl wouldn't be. But when the guys told them what to do, or more usually just moved them into the position they needed, you could see the girls fall right into place and start to relax. They knew what they were there for and how to have a good time doing it. They opened their mouths wide and kept them open. They swallowed so eagerly. They bent over on demand to get fucked. Hell they had even eaten cum out of each other's pussies once they got the guys all fucked out. And I'd have to say they looked ecstatic at the end when the huge cock facialized them together, and they kissed and licked up sperm as the movie faded to the end titles. That was something maybe Annie needed to see if she was going to wake up.

By now it had been more than an hour since my Mom had dropped me off. Suddenly I could hear a car coming down the long access road over the hill and knew she'd be pulling up in about 3 minutes. I checked my clothing and face as well as I could and trotted cautiously back to the camp. When I got there Tom was lying out on the raft by himself and I saw Annie in the hammock under the trees -- now bottomed and topped in the same bikini as before -- reading Glamour magazine. She looked up and asked where Mom was, but I kept motoring into the bedroom to make sure it was decent after the fucking and before Mom could see it and throw Tom right the hell out. To my surprise it looked normal after their session and their fight. The only difference I could see was my pillow case had been changed. When I walked back outside Mom was there and Tom was approaching her to help with the groceries. I did too while Annie ignored us all. 

"You feeling better honey?"

"Much better now Mom. I got a Midol from Annie."

I could see mom blush at the mention of Midol in front of Tom, like he never had heard of a girl's period before! Tom just looked confused but kept moving with the bags of groceries.

By dinner time the feuding couple seemed to be on the mend. Annie was going out of her way to serve Tom and Tom was going out of his way to make her laugh. All it did was make me sick. Still my secret brain knew there was going to be more to this story before long. That night Annie and Tom took a walk around the lake while Mom and I cleaned up and sang Beatles tunes to my IPod. The charmed couple came back an hour later holding hands. We played cards and swatted bugs and before long Annie said it was time for bed. Mom beamed with approval as Tom gave Annie one chaste kiss on the lips before she ducked in our bedroom. Then Mom went off to bed but Tom was all for staying up to chat and I was so revved up I was jumping through my skin waiting for Mom's bedroom door to close. 

Tom and I made small talk about the camp, the water temperature and the weather for the next day. Then I made an excuse to duck into my room for something, but really to see if Annie was out. She was. I could hear my Mom's soft snoring through the open windows and figured that both my girls were done for the night. Perfect. I wanted to chance the night-light in my room to change out of the grubby cut-offs and tee shirt, but thought better of it and went back to Tom as is. I was ready enough.

"So how's the big romance going?"

This was just me being a wise guy but also trying to find a road into the Annie questions. I mean these two had only been going out like 2 months and there was really no sign on either side of an undying love.

"Aaah... OK I guess. Why? Did Annie say something?"

"No, I was just wondering. You know like what makes 2 people happy. You two seemed so happy tonight."

"Uh, yeah, of course."

"I bet you stole some real kisses on your walk. I mean that kiss you gave her to show off for my Mom couldn't be what gets either of you excited."

I laughed and smiled to show Tom it was all in good fun, that a little teasing was certainly in order now that he was a member of the extended family and all. And he got it. Bright boy! He winked at me and laughed himself.

"Well not so much on that walk. Maybe a little" He smiled at me. "We were kind of making up from a fight earlier when you went to do the shopping."

"Oh? I'm sorry! What did you two kids have to fight about up here in this beautiful place?"

"You know just regular boyfriend girlfriend stuff."

"Well good if it's nothing serious then. I mean the way Annie was with you at dinner should be the way it is all the time. She was running around making sure everything was just the way you wanted it. Isn't that what a girlfriend should do?"

"Yeah of course." Again with the smile and twinkle in his eye. "You make sure that's how you are when you have a boyfriend, ok Queenie?"

"I will, you can count on it. And you know I did have a boyfriend even before you knew Annie. And I think I made him happy." By now I must have been grinning like a fool. But I turned to him on the couch and tucked my ankles together to sit squaw like and let him see my legs spread. It seemed like a nice thing to do even if I still had those damned cut-offs on.

"Oh yeah? How'd you make him happy?"

"Oooooh you're naughty! I know you mean S-E-X when you talk like that." I could see his eyes drifting towards my crotch area and I was aggravated that I had not been able to put on the short skirt I'd wanted.

"Well you brought it up."

"Did I? I guess that's because I figure I'm still a kid and that you and Annie must have all that stuff figured out. I mean I still say my boyfriend had no cause for complaint." I inserted a small blush here. I can do it on demand and it's fascinating for me to see the effect it has on people. "But you know you and Annie must be pretty hot together. You're so good looking." That was another exaggeration but one look at Tom told me it was working pretty well. "And Annie, oh-my-God! I was looking at her today when you guys were swimming and even if she is my sister I say she is wicked hot. I'm so jealous of her boobs -- they're perfect!"
