 The following is my first work of fiction. All the characters are 18 years old or older. 

*****

"Say it, you cocksucker. Say it."

"I'M YOUR BITCH! I'M YOUR BITCH!"

Sarah smirked. It was a cocky smirk. The smirk of someone who not only just won but humiliated her opponent who so richly deserved it. But she was also confused. While she fully understood why dominating Brock for all his teasing and stupid grab-ass behavior felt good, she didn't know why it was making her pussy so wet. And not just wet. She could feel an arousing warmth growing inside her. It was tingly and powerful unlike anything she had ever felt in her 18 years.

Brock for his part just whimpered meekly. Sarah had him on his knees in a very painful hammerlock. It felt like his arm would dislocate at any moment. Sarah looked over at her old friend John. He smirked back as he held back Brock's buddies. Sarah released Brock and pushed him to the ground.

"Fuck you!" Brock whimpered.

Sarah moved towards Brock, and he cowered. Sarah snickered. John let go of Brock's buddies and walked toward Sarah.

"Let's go, John."

---

Sarah Graham was a high school senior with sandy blond hair. She was 5'8'', 125 lb. with a toned athletic body. She was the quintessential tomboy, always wearing a t-shirt and jeans. She preferred boy shorts to thongs and plain Hanes bras to the frilly Victoria Secret types. Her hair was always in either a ponytail or messy bun. While she thought some of the boys in school were cute, she no desire to date them.

Her most notable physical feature was DD-cup breasts that she had no use for. Her large bust was just another obstacle to her. One that required wearing two sports bras to just go jogging. Her dream was to be a Mixed Martial Arts fighter or an American Ninja Warrior. Her room was decorated with posters of Ronda Rousey, Joanna Jędrzejczyk, Jessie Graff, and Kacy Catanzaro. Big boobs just got in the way.

She learned her love of fighting and athletics from her father. He co-owned a gym. Before Sarah was born, he was a promising Tae Kwan Do fighter. He nearly qualified for the Olympics before a knee injury derailed him. 

Her mom and he were young when Sarah was born, about 22 years old. While her father went to work at a local gym and worked he was up to manager and eventually bought in as co-owner, her mom went to community college. After she finished her nursing degree, she divorced Sarah's dad and moved in with a doctor from the local hospital. A few years later they moved away, and Sarah barely saw her again. 

Her dad tried to give her a well-rounded life growing up. In addition to giving her Tae Kwan Do lessons, he bought her Barbie's and My Little Ponies. Sarah had little interest in the dolls. He wouldn't admit it, but he was always a little proud when he would catch her arranging martial arts tournaments for her dolls instead of playing house.

Tae Kwan Do lessons were where she met John. They started taking lessons together at 8 years old. They became quick friends. He was one of the few boys who didn't treat Sarah different for being a girl. He didn't tease her or go easy on her when they sparred. 

They fell out of touch when John stopped going at 14 years old. He decided to focus on football where he starred as an all-conference linebacker. He had grown into a 6'3'', 195 lb. athlete. His dark brown hair was thick and wavy. 

He was always kind of a dork, preferring to watch Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle cartoons to chasing girls. He never quite grew out of it even as he grew into in strong lean body that many of the girls at school gawked at in the halls. 

Sarah stuck with the lessons. She excelled at them. So much so, she received college scholarships from a half dozen universities. Her father marveled at her abilities. Where he had excelled through practiced technical proficiency, Sarah had an innate understanding of fighting that made her a creative and difficult to handle opponent. These skills served her well in her fight with Brock.

Brock was a stereotypical bully. Growing up, he was always big for his age but not coordinated or disciplined enough to use that size for sports. He masked his insecurity by picking on anyone smaller than him. 

On this fateful day, he chose to target Sarah. He never liked her. She was smoking hot even though she didn't put in the effort on her makeup or clothes like other girls. She barely acknowledged he existed. 

On this day, he was hanging out with his two buddies in the parking lot after school. Sarah walked by and he called out, "Hey sweet tits, how about a smile?"

Sarah rolled her eyes but kept moving. He wasn't worth a response. Brock did not take being ignored lightly. 

"Hey I'm talking to you! Learn to take a compliment, bitch."

He turned to his friends and muttered, "Frigid bitch."

Sarah was having a bad day. She was late to school because her car wouldn't start. Her math teacher chewed her out because she didn't finish her homework. At lunch, a cheerleader scoffed at her and called her fat because she was eating a burger. This was the last straw. 

"Oh so I'm a bitch? Why? Because I didn't swoon when Brock O'Neal called me 'sweet tits'? Get over yourself."

During this exchange, John walked into the parking lot. The yelling caught his attention. 

"Whatever bitch. Calm down. Are you on your period or something?"

Brock and his buddies thought this was hilarious. Sarah found it enraging. John did not like hearing him call anyone a bitch let alone his former friend. While Sarah and John had barely talked in the past four years, he still regarded her as a friend. 

Sarah stepped to Brock and said, "Apologize before I make you beg for forgiveness."

Brock scoffed at her. He stepped toe-to-toe with her. At 6' 1'', he had to look down to make eye contact with the 5'8'' girl. 

"Fuck off, bitch."

John had had enough. "Hey asshole, step off."

Brock's buddies got in between John and Brock. Brock looked over at John then down at Sarah. 

"I know what will make you feel better." With that, he roughly grabbed Sarah's ass. Before he even knew what was happening, Sarah grabbed her wrist and twisted his arm behind his back. He fell to his knees. 

John had just struggled past Brock's buddies. All three froze trying to grasp the quick change in fortunes. When one of the buddies tried to come to Brock's aid, John started to hold them back.

"Who is the bitch now, Brock?"

"Fuck you, bitch!"

She twisted his arm more sending a sharp wave of pain through Brock's arm. She also kicked his foot out from underneath him as he tried to regain his footing.

"Say it," Sarah said coolly. "Say it and it all ends."

"Fuck off!"

Brock yelped as she twisted his arm further. It was all he could take.

"Say it, you cocksucker. Say it."

"I'M YOUR BITCH! I'M YOUR BITCH!"

---

"Hey Sarah, you want a ride home?"

"That'd be awesome."

Sarah's heart was pounding as she and John walked towards John's car. Adrenaline coursed through her veins. The warm feeling in her wet pussy had only grown.

"That was amazing, Sarah. Your really kicked his ass."

"Thanks. It was maybe to most thrilling thing I've ever done."

She was surprised at how much he like humiliating Brock. Dominating him physically and making him submit to her will had given her a kind of high. She was enjoying it and didn't want the feeling to end.

She looked over at John with a beaming smile. It melted John's heart; well what was left after watching her kick Brock's ass had melted it. He respected the hell out of how she handled herself, but couldn't help but notice what a beautiful woman she'd become. Even without makeup, she looked better than most of the girls in school. The freckles across her nose and cheeks were adorable. Her toned body and perky ass were sexy as hell. She was like a young Marisa Miller or Elizabeth Turner. The way her large breasts bounced ever time her had twisted Brock's arm kept replaying in John's mind.

Sarah couldn't help but notice how hot John had become. His dark eyes and wavy hair were so cute. Even though he was just wearing a polo and jeans, he looked very put together. His shirt was just tight enough to show off his arm muscles and broad shoulders without looking too tight. Before they had got in the car, she had noticed how his jeans hugged his tight ass. The boy she had sparred with was now a full-grown man.

She had become so preoccupied checking out John that she didn't notice that they had pulled into her driveway. 

"So... um ... we're here."

"Oh, yeah, sorry. Thanks for the ride."

She blushed. The pounding of her heart and the feeling in her loins had not dissipated. She didn't want it to.

"So, do you wanna come in?"

Her offer surprised her. She knew her father wouldn't like her having a boy at the house when no one was home, but her head wasn't making the decisions anymore.

"Yeah, sure."

"Cool."

She led the way in the front door and straight to her room. She couldn't believe what she was doing. While she had had sex before, it was only with guys she had been with for a while. She had barely said five words to John over the last four years. Now she was taking him to her room.

She let him into her room and closed the door behind them. She lingered at the door for a moment just staring at John. He stared right back.

"This doesn't mean we are dating or anything. Okay?"

"What doesn't mean we are dating?"

"This."

She walked up to him, wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. He wrapped his arms around her waist, pulled her tight and kissed back. After a minute or two, she broke the kiss but didn't pull away. It was agonizing how close their lips were.

"I'm not going to be your girlfriend."

"Uh huh."

"Say it."

"I'm not going to be your girlfriend."

"Close enough."

They started kissing again, this time with more passion. John's heart was now pounding as hard as Sarah's. He still couldn't wrap his mind around what was happening now or why, but he was going with it. He loved the feeling of Sarah's body pressed against his. His hands started to wander. One hand grabbed her ass. It was unbelievably firm. His other hand was under her shirt on stomach. He could feel her toned abs. 

Sarah's hands were caressing the back of his head and neck. She liked the feeling of his thick hair in between her fingers. She started kissing his neck. She loved the feeling of his muscular neck and shoulders. He loved the feeling of her lips on his neck.

As much as she was enjoying making out, the warm feeling in her was transforming into a more demanding throbbing. She started guiding John towards the bed. They shuffled the 10 feet across the room to bed. She broke their kiss and pushed him on the bed.

"Lose the shirt now."

He obeyed immediately. While he peeled his shirt off, she unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned his pants. She pulled them down to his knees. She stepped back and enjoyed the sight of the hard-bodied man in her bed. He looked like an Abercrombie & Fitch model: thick neck, broad shoulders, chiseled pecs and six-pack abs. The only difference was A&F models usually don't have thick erections outlined in their boxer briefs. 

She straddled John and pushed him flat onto his back by his shoulders. She slowly ran her hand down his toned arms and back up to his shoulders. She ran her nails down his pecs and gave his nipples a quick pinch. He gasped and she laughed.

He started to lift up her shirt. She grabbed him by the wrists and pinned them behind his head. She leaned forward so they were nose-to-nose. 

"I'm in control now. Understand, boy?"

John didn't know what to say. No girl had ever been like this with him before. They all usually just let him lead. All he could do was nod "Yes."

Sarah was surprising herself. She didn't know what had come over her. She had never been this dominating before. But after humiliating Brock, she was drunk on the feeling of being in control.

---

Brock was furious. Who did this bitch think she was? 

"That dumb bitch just got lucky. If I hadn't slipped, I would have slapped some sense into her."

"Yeah, totally," agreed Brock's buddy, Will. 

"She's just an uptight bitch," added his other friend, Carl.

"What she needs is to get fucked by real man to put her in her place. She's just upset because she knows I would never fuck a bitch like her. Sexually frustrated bitch."

---

"Say it. Who's in control?"

"You are, Sarah. You're in control."

"Fucking right."

Sarah released his wrists. She grabbed him by the throat and kissed him hard. Then she sat back up while running her hands down his chest to his abs. She gloried in groping his 6-pack. When she had had enough of that, she pulled her own shirt off. She wanted to feel his body against hers. 

After she took off her shirt, she was embarrassed when she remembered that she was wearing an old bra. Her usual bras were in the laundry. The one she had on was a year old and a size too small. Between the too small bra and her heavy breathing, her breasts were spilling out the top and sides of the cups. Oh well. 

She rolled off John to take off her jeans. She was wearing blue and white-stripped boy short style underwear. They cupped her toned ass.

John could only stare. Her body was perfect: her perky ass, her round hips that curved in to her thin waist. A faint hint of her own 6-pack. She was topped off by an incredible bust. John had never been with such a buxom woman. He liked how her bra barely contained her. He loved the little freckles that adorned her cleavage. She was an 18 year-old angel.

He wanted to feel her up, but he knew he wasn't making the decisions anymore. Sarah rolled off the bed. She stood with her back to the bed. She pointed to a spot in front of her. 

"Get on your knees, boy."

John obeyed. He knelt in front of her. His head was at the same level as her waist. He looked up at her anticipating her next command.

"Take off my underwear."

He couldn't comply any faster. He grabbed each side with his hands and with a quick motion pulled them to the floor. Sarah stepped out of them. She sat at the edge of the bed. She leaned forward and grabbed two hands full of John's hair. She guided him to her impossibly wet pussy. 

"Eat my pussy."

She didn't need to tell him twice. He went right to work. John was proud of his pussy eating skills. A few months ago, he had an awkward experience giving his now ex-girlfriend head. He was so embarrassed; he spent the next two weeks research blowjob tips on the Internet. The next time he ate her out he made her cum. He had honed his skills since then. He almost never failed in giving girls orgasms from head. That wasn't going to change today.

He started by licking slowly up and down her slit. She moaned quietly. He gave her clit a quick flick with his tongue. She gasped. He pulled back a little and let her feel his breath on her pussy to tease her a little. She grabbed his hair and pulled him back to her pussy. 

He used two fingers to spread her labia apart. He started lapping at a faster pace. She started moaning again. He turned his attention to her clit. He flicked it with his tongue then nibbled it lightly. He varied the direction of his flicking: up-and-down, side-to-side, and every angle in between. Sarah's moaning dropped an octave to almost a growl.

While he was doing this, he slowly slid his middle finger into her pussy. He slowly slid it in and out. Then he slid it all the way in and started to curl it against the front wall of her pussy. He was hitting her g-spot over and over again.

Sarah was in heaven. She was lying on the bed with her ass at the edge and her legs draped over John's shoulders. As John sent wave after wave of pleasure into her throbbing pussy, her back arched and toes pointed. She had a white knuckled grip on the bed sheets. She threw her head back unable to make any noise beyond a low moan punctuated by occasional grunts.

She could feel the warmth in her pussy growing and consuming her whole body. She could feel her cheeks blushing. Her chest soon followed. She felt like she was burning up. 

After nearly 10 minutes of John playing her body like an instrument, she felt a powerful orgasm approaching. It was larger and more powerful than anything she had ever felt before. 

Her head whipped up and she looked down at John. Their eyes locked. Her lips formed an O as she panted trying to catch her breath. Her thighs started to quiver on either side of John's head. Her hips involuntarily bucked. She screamed, "OH, FUUUCCCKKKK!!"

They never broke eye contact as her orgasm hit. John held her legs tight and kept licking her clit as she rode out her orgasm. Eventually she screaming and grunting died away, she collapsed on the bed and threw her head back.

She felt tingles from her head to her toes. Her skin became super sensitive to John's touch. He had stopped licking. He ran his hands up and down her thighs and up to her waist. She simultaneously needed to feel her body against her but couldn't bear any touch she was so sensitive. 

She pulled him up next to her. She put her head on his chest and curled up next to him. He wrapped his arms around her. She couldn't get close enough. His hands on her back felt intense and almost tickled as he gently stroked her. 

---

"That bitch is so frigid, she's probably never had a proper orgasm. Too busy hooking up with betas like John," Brock told his friends as they walked into a convenience store.

"Yeah, he's such a beta. He wouldn't know what to do with a girl if he ever had could get one," added Will as they perused the magazine rack for the latest copy of Maxim. 

"Yeah, I bet he didn't even have the balls to try anything with Sarah, the cuck," said Carl.

---

"That was amazing."

"Thanks."

They lay entwined on the bed catching their breath. After few minutes, Sarah regained enough composure the move forward. While the orgasm she just received was the most intense of her life, the burning inside her hadn't abated. She needed John's cock inside her.

"Do you have a condom?"

John privately cheered in his head at her words. He wasn't sure if they were going to have sex until now. Plus his dad had bought him a box of condoms at the beginning of the school year. He gave a brief awkward speech about being safe and told him to keep one in his wallet before he fled John's room as fast as he could. 

John reached in his crumpled jeans, pulled out his wallet, and got the condom. Sarah snatched it from him. John was surprised and a little thrilled. A girl had never put on a condom for him.

"Lay down on your back, boy."

"Yes."

"Nuh uh. 'Yes, queen.' That's what you'll call me now."

"Yes, queen"

Sarah wasn't sure where that had come from, but she was finding herself very into it. 

She slid down so she was straddling John's knees. She griped the waistband of his boxer brief. She made eye contact with him and smirked. She slowly pulled down his underwear. When it was finally free, his cock sprang straight up. It was fully erect.

Sarah gasped. She had always thought cocks were pretty gross for the most part. But John's cock was different. As odd as it sounded in her head, she thought, "What a beautiful dick." It was perfect to her.

It was mostly straight with a slight upward curve. It was perfectly symmetrical. It was veiny enough to look powerful like a weightlifter's bicep but not so veiny it was gross. It was longer than any of the other cocks she had seen in person. She guessed it was maybe 7 and half inches. Her previous biggest was less than 6 inches. A thick pink head topped it off. 

After what felt like an eternity to John of her looking at his cock, she looked back up at him and smirked. He was relieved. He had a bad experience with a past girlfriend who was intimidated by his size. 
