 Coral Brennan's life had not been the same since her 30th birthday.

The morning after her party, she'd woken in the most exhilarated state she could remember. It was as if the world had gone from black and white to Technicolor. She felt like Dorothy after she had landed in Oz.

Coral could only imagine the man she'd slept with had been hired by her friends. She could still feel his hands on her, could still smell his scent on her pillow. She thought about the feel of his plaited hair in her hands and it made her smile.

She thought about tracking him down in the yellow pages. How many guys did gigolo acts as a sexy Gaelic God? She'd have the phone in her hand with various escort agencies numbers at the ready, but was never able to make the call. This was the man's occupation. How many women must want more after having him? She felt stupid even considering that he would want to hear from her.

Days rolled into weeks and weeks into months. Some mornings Coral would awaken to her panties being absolutely drenched, her nipples hard, the feeling of needing to pleasure herself overwhelming. She would do so, with her hands or with her toys, and almost always the man who had called himself Adammair was in her mind as she began to come.

To satisfy her curiosity Coral spend time at the local library researching the name Adammair. There was indeed such a man in Gaelic legend, though anyone with the capability to Google could have figured that out. Her curiosity over time had also gotten the best of her - she had made calls to all local agencies. She had not turned up an escort using the guise of a Gaelic deity. Her friends also kept denying any involvement, though that meant little in her mind.

On nights when Coral was feeling particularly hormonal, she would cuddle up with the extra pillows on her bed and pretend she was feeling the heat of Adammair's embrace. She could feel the soft press of his lips against hers, the heat of his hands as he cupped her breasts. She would whisper his name and sleep soundly, only to wake up with out him. Frustration was setting in.

On one particularly lovely evening, Coral opened the French doors off her bedroom to her veranda. She stood at the railing, feeling a light breeze push through her white negligee. She was feeling sexy, and as so many times before, she was thinking of Adammair standing behind her, his arms holding her soundly as his lips brushed at her neck.

The moon wasn't full, but a lovely crescent shape. The north star was a brilliant accent to the lunar glow, and Coral dared to take a chance.

"Adammair", she whispered, "come to me." 

Coral breathed in the night air. She could hear the flutter of bats and smell the lilac that was blooming in the garden below her veranda. She opened her eyes and at once felt silly. "Well", she muttered to herself, "it was worth a try." 

As she turned to walk into her bedroom Coral felt the breeze pick up considerably. Her hair blew into her face and she pulled it away instinctively. Glancing into her bedroom she could see the candles she had lit earlier in the evening had blown out. There was a sudden chill in the air, and Coral pulled the light outer wrap of her negligee over her breasts and her now hard nipples.

As her eyes adjusted to the dark that enveloped her room, and she made out the shape of a man standing next to her bed. She gasped and made a noise of surprise, but right away she smiled and sighed. The broad shoulders, the plaits, the tattoos becoming visible in the moonlight. It could only be her Adammair.

"Lass", she heard him say, "how long it has taken for you to call to me." 

He moved toward her slowly, and she could see the tartan of his kilt as he moved closer to the moonlight. She felt instantly feverish, and out of breath.

"I ... I didn't believe you existed," she stammered. She was locked in place, watching him move toward her with the same smooth masculinity she remembered from all those months ago.

He was suddenly in front of her, mere inches away. She looked up into his eyes, and his proximity reminded her of his size. He seemed overwhelming to her, the width of his shoulders, his height, the presence of him was ...an event.

"Coral", he cooed to her, "I have traveled worlds and traded favors to be with you once more." Adammair set his large hand against her cheekbone and stroked his fingers into her hair. He took her in, revisiting all of the things he remembered loving about her. Her exquisite face, mesmerizing eyes, her firm, curvaceous body. He wanted her with such ferocity he feared harming her.

Coral gushed juice of desire into her panties. His touch alone could elicit that kind of instant response. She closed her eyes and felt Adammair's lips brush against her eyelashes, the tip of her nose, and then her lips. It was a gentle brush at first, but then his lips exerted pressure, and finally she felt his tongue begging entrance into her mouth. She parted her lips and let him in.

Words were of no use between Coral and Adammair. Their eyes said all that needed saying and as they touched each other after so much time. They were feeling home again. For several minutes they just stared into each others eyes, kissing softly with light stroking tongues as they smiled.

Adammair untied the bow at Coral's neck, and the let the outer garment of her negligee fall away. All that was left was an ankle length see through gown. Adammair stepped back and enjoyed the sight of her. The swell of her full breasts pushed at the fabric, while the curve of her hips held him in a trance. There was no shadow at her mound, and he knew she must be freshly shaven. Coral slowly lifted her arms above her head, and he did as he knew she wanted, pulling the nightie over her head and letting it fall gently to the floor. 

Coral slid her hands slowly up Adammair's chest, feeling the taught muscle under her finger tips. She traced the intricate loops of his tattooing, following her fingers with her tongue. His skin was hot and salty. She loved the smell of him. He was so male, so sexual, so perfect, she felt she must be dreaming.

He took her hands in his, and led them to unfasten his kilt. She heard the soft thud as the tartan hit the floor, and she knew he was naked underneath. He stepped toward her, and she felt the hardness of him press against her belly button. Quickly he grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head back. His lips met hers in a hard, hot kiss that left her reeling. Their tongues danced and she threw her arms around his neck so he would never be able to leave her side again.

Scooping her slight frame into his arms, Adammair picked up Coral as if she were a swan feather he'd found at the edge of the river. Her skin was soft and inviting and he simply could not have her close enough to him. He laid her down on the coverlet of her bed, never allowing their lips to part.

In his mind he wanted to wait, to go slow, to feel the desire for her burn a hole in his heart before he took her. He could not wait. One glance at her underneath him and he simply needed to be enveloped by her, to be part of her body. She sat up slightly and moaned into his ear.

"Oh God, take me now my love", she said hotly. Coral had no designs on taking this reunion slowly either. There was plenty of time to talk, to figure things out. For now, getting fucked by this unbelievable man was all consuming. He obviously felt the same way.

He moved between her legs, and used his strong thighs to gain entrance to her. He looked down, and indeed she was smooth as a baby's bottom, looking virginal and in need of violation. She allowed her legs to fall open, and without any assistance from either one's hands he slid directly into her. He slid in smooth and fast, feeling the tip of his cock touch the deepest part of her instantly. He heard himself moan as if it was the first time he'd lain with a woman.

Coral squeezed as tight as she could around him, feeling his amazing girth penetrate her. Her head was buried into his shoulder, her legs wrapped around the sexy shape of his lower back. He pulled back, but not all the way out, and made his way deep into her once again. She was sensitized immediately, and knew that if he moved inside of her like that just a few more times she would come. No man had ever had this effect on her, and as he stroked down into her a 3rd time she could feel herself breathing more deeply, searching for a way to catch her breath.

Adammair could feel Coral's rock hard nipples dragging against his chest and it was driving him mad. For the first time ever in his adult life he was fearing for his self control, unsure of his ability to hold back what was sure to be an earth shattering orgasm. He moved from his elbows and rested his weight onto his hands, so he could deliver his strokes in a hard, powerful fashion. He was reminded instantly how much he loved, and had missed, fucking this amazing woman.

Fearing an early release, Adammair pulled out of Coral and moved with lightning speed to her soft, smooth mound. He pushed her thighs apart and sank his tongue deep inside of her. Ahh! The sweet taste of honey! She was warm and wet, and he had no doubt that her desire for him matched his own. Her clit had turned into a hard pearl, and he rolled the little nub around with his tongue as best he could, reaching up to play her nipples as he did so. She was thrusting her hips into his face, and he inserted a finger into her hot hole for good measure.

Coral felt as if she were on the verge of fainting. His large fingers were as full of pleasure as his cock, and she was fucking them with abandon. She could feel herself on the edge of coming, just waiting for that divine moment where the contractions would take over and it would be out of her control. Just as she was wondering when that moment would come, Adammair dipped a second a finger into her wetness, then slid it into her soft, tight ass. It was all she needed to let go and be instantly jolted into heaven.

Adammair heard her scream and felt a rush of adrenaline. Pleasing Coral was unlike pleasing any other woman. It was all he needed to feel whole. As she came he continued to finger fuck her, to nibble on her pulsating clit. He could taste and feel the rush of fluid. Lifting her bottom from the bed he slid his tongue across her tight bottom entrance, and ran the tip of it all the way up her seam, past her clit and into her belly button.

Coral's hips were still thrusting, so he obligingly placed his tongue back to where she could grind, where she could use his face as a fuck toy. She rode out her waves of pleasure, coating his face with her clear, fresh juices.

Once he knew she was sated, he crawled up her body. "Let me return the favor my love", he said as he smiled at her. Coral scooted a bit under him so he could position himself above her face.

On his knees next to her, Adammair looked every bit the God Coral knew him to be. She cupped his balls gently as he began to stroke himself over her loving smile. 

He began slowly, but within seconds of seeing her mouth open in anticipation of his load he stroked fast and hard. The pressure of her hands on his balls was perfection, and without warning he felt himself unloading onto her beautiful face. Pearlescent drops of come landed on her cheeks, her full red lips and neck. He stroked and squeezed until there was nothing left to give her.

Coral reached up with her fingers and gathered up what she couldn't reach with her tongue. She looked Adammair directly in the eyes as she cleaned her face of his come, savoring the hot sweet taste of him. He lowered his face next to her, and kissed her deeply.

"There are so many way's I need to have you", Coral said to him afterwards. "How long will you be here this time?"

"Forever and a day lass", he said as he pulled her close. There was ample time to satisfy his lust for her. For now he just needed to hold her and feel her breathe against him.

He could worry about the bargain he had made to make his visit with Coral possible some other time.