 Coral Brennan collapsed onto her couch. What a day! She'd been surprised by no fewer than 50 friends to celebrate her 30th birthday. The soft blue-green display on the clock read 2 am, the night had flown by and gifts we're strewn about her family room. A silk scarf from her best friend Jan, a tourmaline necklace from 3 gals in her office she ate lunch with once a week, a small Coach handbag from her favorite aunt. Of course there were the obligatory gag gifts, an "Over the Hill" coffee mug, an "I'm not 30, only $29.95" T-shirt, and an assortment of 1970's candy. The place was a mess but she decided she'd clean up in the morning. With a smile she hoisted herself up from the couch, turned out the lights and made her way up the stairs to bed. An evening full of laughter, food and martinis had worn her out.

Shuffling towards her bedroom Coral opened the door and reached to the left to flip on the light. She began to unbutton her skirt when something on the bed caught her eye. It was the metallic shine of a gift bag, a silvery luminescence that turned the colors of the rainbow when the light hit it just right. It was the size of a shopping bag, the kind one would get at a department store. The bag handles were silver as well, and there was a glittery red gift tag hanging from them.

Her first thought was, who had been in her bedroom? She had seen guests going up and down the stairs, but only because there was another bathroom to be used besides the one on the main level near the kitchen. Maybe Jan and Nanci, her friends that had thrown the party for her, had left her something else. She couldn't imagine why, the gifts they had given her were lovely.

Coral walked to the bed, letting her skirt slide to the floor as she did so. She moved the bag closer to her and turned the gift tag so it could be read;

I will bring to life your sexual desire. Inside of your heart is a smoldering fire I am with you already, you've nothing to fear Say the name Adammair, and I shall appear

Coral smiled. Someone who knew her well was toying with her. As a professor of European Literature she was well acquainted with Adammair. He was a Celtic God of virility, fabled to be almost insatiable. 

Whose clever game was this? Coral had not dated in the last three months following a breakup with her boyfriend of 2 years. Was this a ploy by him to get her back? No, she decided, Jack was not this imaginative, and he'd surely never written a verse of anything in his lifetime. Perhaps her friends we're teasing her, they were always hounding her to get back on the dating band wagon. Coral sat down on her bed and decided to peer into the bag.

The scent of lavender wafted into the room as she removed the red shimmery stuffing that was hiding the bags contents. The first item she pulled out was a hot pink "rabbit" vibrator. Coral smiled and rolled her eyes. This was definitely the work of her friends giving her a strong hint to start looking for a man. 

The next item out of the bag was a set of nipple jewelery. Coral's nipples were not pierced; these were the type that had an adjustable ring that simply went around the erect nipple. Once on, they looked as nice as the real thing. These were a pretty blue crystal that dangled about an inch long. The color matched Coral's eyes nicely.

Feeling for the next surprise, Coral's hands felt something silky. Tied together with a black ribbon were 4 pieces of blue silk, each about 24" long. Again, someone knew her and her surroundings. These ties would bind someone nicely to her queen size four poster bed.

Next in her bag of goodies came a medium sized butt plug, clear in color but there were sparkles set into the plastic. This item set Coral's mind to wandering. She had no experience with anything anal, sex or toys. She thought about it while masturbating sometimes, but never had the courage to actually put anything into her ass.

The last item she took from her goody bag was a set of nipple clamps. Again, these were something Coral had never used, but her nipples were sensitive and she loved having them played with. She saw that the clamps could be adjusted, and that they came with little weights that could be hung off of them. 

Coral smiled once more, enjoying the sense of humor her girlfriends had exhibited. She noticed as she slid from the bed that her silky French bikini style underwear were wet. She reached down to confirm her feeling of dampness, and sure enough her fingers proved her suspicion. She loved the way her totally shaven pussy felt under the soft silk of her panties.

Walking into her master bath she shed her top and her bra, unhooking it from the front and letting it fall to the floor. She slid her wet panties down her long, slim legs and left them on the floor as well as she made her way to the sink to brush her teeth.

Coral stood in front of the mirror as she went through her night time ritual of teeth brushing and face washing. She thought for 30 she looked great, her 36 C breasts still round and perky, her nipples large and a feminine soft pink. Her waist was small and curved into ample hips, a pretty hour glass shape formed there and led down to her shaved pussy. She loved the look of no hair between her legs, clean and soft, and it seemed to make the skin more sensitive to the touch.

She ran a brush through her long black hair. Piercing blue eyes rimmed with jet black lashes earned her many a turned head. The fact that she really didn't see herself as beautiful made her even more appealing to men.

She walked toward her bed and eyed all of her new toys. Might at as well play with her pussy, wet as it was. It had been months since she'd had sex, so toys were her new best friend. She read the gift tag again and smiled. "Adammair", she said. "Wish you were here to play with me."

To set a bit of a mood for herself, Coral turned her iHome on low so her favorite iPod tunes could accompany her arousal. She lit a candle she kept on her night stand, then crawled onto her soft duvet cover. She made herself comfortable on her back and let her hands wander over her skin. She felt again the moistness between her thighs, her soft skin over her hip bones and the curve of her waist. Slowly she let her fingers slide over her ample breasts, feeling her nipples tense and come to life. She closed her eyes and imagined her hands to be those of a lover.

A cool draft blew through her bedroom, and a sudden chill made her nipples harder than they already were from her touch. She glanced up at her ceiling fan, thinking she'd turned it on without thinking. The blades were still. Another burst of what felt like wind came, this time strong enough to blow the candle on her bed table out. She looked to her windows but all were closed. Her eyes adjusted slowly to the new darkness around her. 

Her bedroom door blew shut in the blackness. "Is someone there?" she whispered. 

"Yes, lass." came the reply. "I have come to make the entrance into your 30th year memorable."

Coral sat up, terrified. More jokes from her girlfriends? This was going a bit far. Hiring a stripper, or worse, some kind of male gigolo was unthinkable. She could get her own men for godssake. Covering herself as best she could, as quickly as she could, she responded to the Irish brogue in her bedroom. "I know why you're here; my friends however have overestimated me. It was a good joke, thanks, you can go now. No need for you to stay."

"Ahh, but this be no joke lass." This man's voice was pure sex. Velvety and strong, it made her want to listen, and moreover, to obey. "I am allowed one woman in each year, one mortal woman that is, to amuse myself with. We have an hour by your measurement of time. It is you I have chosen to celebrate your day of birth with. And lass, may I remind you, it is you who chose to speak my name."

As her eyes adjusted with help from the moonlight sifting through her window shades she could see the figure of a man emerging from the darkness. His hair was long, and braided. It reminded her of Mel Gibson in the movie Braveheart. He was tall, and broad, and walked with a strength and confidence that turned her on immensely. He was nude, and as he approached her on the bed she could see he was well hung. His physique was ridiculously male, and she found it hard to stop looking at him. He reached out to her face and touched her cheek. His other hand slid through her hair and grabbed a fistful. He turned her chin up to him.

"Do ye really wish not to continue?" he mused. "I have no desire to force a woman into submission. You must come to me of your own free will." 

Coral was mesmerized by this man, this hunk who could only be acting at the request of her friends. His touch made her hot to her core, and she noticed there was no longer a chill in the bedroom air. She saw him look at the candle that had been blown out, and saw the wick come once again to life. "Neat parlor trick." she said rolling her eyes.

Struggling with whether or not to indulge in this kind of sex, Coral made eye contact with the man again. The candle light gave her a better view and she could see now he was nothing short of magnificent. Every muscle on his body was defined, and she noticed an intricate lace of deep blue tattoos around his massive biceps. His eyes were indigo blue, too deep to be natural. She deduced he must be wearing contact lenses. The heat between her legs made her decision for her.

He crouched down to his knees so his face was level with hers as she sat on the bed. He said nothing, simply leaned into her and let his lips rest upon hers. She felt his tongue softly enter her mouth and she responded in kind. She had butterflies in her belly and could feel the juice running from her pussy down onto her thighs. Her mind was suddenly filled with only the thought of getting truly fucked by this amazing specimen of masculinity.

He moved his mouth to her ear and she felt the heat of his breath. "This is your day of celebration sweet girl, and I know all of your desires. Are you ready for them to be made real?" 

"Oh yes" was all Coral could manage to say between his kisses, deciding once and for all to yield to her libido completely.

With that said he scooped her up into his arms and laid her across her bed. He made her 5'8" frame seem small as he lay next to her. His hands worked their way over every inch of her skin, from her slender ankles to her wet thighs, over her belly and up to her long, graceful neck. He found her to be an exquisite beauty, worthy of all the attention he could give to her. They kissed as if they had kissed a thousand times before, a naturalness that could not have been taught.

Her mind was racing and he was in tune with every thing she wished for. He sat up and turned her on the bed so her head rested on a pillow. "Now let me take you places you've never been," he said with a decadent smile. Coral simply let him take control. Reaching for the satin ties, he removed two of them and quickly looped them around each wrist. She watched as he anchored the other end of the ties to her bedposts. She found herself trusting him implicitly.

He moved to her mouth once more and kissed her deeply. He licked his way down her neck, over her nipples to her belly button and settled between her legs. His large hands pushed at her inner thighs, and she found herself thrusting her wet mound up to meet his long soft licks. His tongue was magic. He slid in and out of her, occasionally moving to give her clit attention, but never for too long. She was taken aback when she felt the wet heat of his mouth on her ass, but it was surprisingly pleasant. He teased her hole with his tongue and she felt her need to cum begin to grow. He relished the female response, but something about this woman was driving him wild, but in a new way he'd not felt in the past. He wanted to please her, it was overshadowing his own needs, and that was especially foreign to him.

His fingers filled her pussy as he licked at her tight asshole. Coral moaned with her soul, a guttural sound she wasn't familiar with. A sudden feeling of fullness overtook her, and she gasped as he slid a very wet finger into her ass. He did it slowly, gingerly, and began licking her clit as he did so. "Oh my God" Coral gasped. 

"Yes, lass ... that I am" he chuckled.

Coral found herself feeling bold and empowered by this amazingly competent lover. "Please" she begged, "my tits, please play with my nipples." 

Smiling, he obliged her with the nipple clamps. Just tight enough to hurt in the nicest way, he attached one to each nipple, and made sure they were low, on her areola. Coral loved watching him do it, and felt the current of electricity run right into her pussy as her nipples responded. 

Next, he fitted the nipple jewels to each pink bud. They sparkled in the candlelight. She moved her hips harder now and felt him begin to hold her still. "I have more for you love." he whispered, "be still now."

He sat up between her legs and pushed her wide apart. With his hands he played with her pussy, lubricating them with her juices. She saw him pick up the butt plug. A sparkle in his eye told her he was enjoying this immensely, popping her ass cherry. He took the plug and lubed it with her juice, sliding it into her pussy several times. Then he teased that soft place between her pussy and ass. She could feel the tip of the toy against her ass, feel it slowly beckoning for entry.

He eased it in, tenderly, gently, with great respect for this new experience for her. It was thinner at the tip, and as he pushed farther the thickness of the toy began to stretch her ass open. She gasped and moaned in a bit of pain, but he read her well. He would back out, then slowly start over again. Before she knew it, all 5 inches of the toy was resting neatly in her ass. She loved the fullness of it. He directly went to her pussy and licked her very swollen clit. She was on the verge of what was going to be the most intense orgasm she'd ever had.

He was indeed playing to her desires. The restraint, the ass play, his total command of her, the nipple stimulation ... it was all so perfect.

Sensing her growing need he backed off, moving once again to her face to deliver kisses. She moaned and tried rubbing her pussy against his thigh. She needed to cum so badly. She could feel his hard on resting against her belly. 

Deciding she'd play along with the name she begged him softly. "Please fuck me Adammair. Do it now." He found himself absolutely reveling in pleasing this woman, a new pleasure for him. Sex was about satiating himself for the most part. He wanted to fuck this woman for much more than his own pleasure.

Coral was in ecstasy. Her nipples were throbbing, her ass was full and her wrists were bound in a sexy submissive way. Her pussy was now being used, being pounded by this god of a man. 

He was huge. Thick and long, he stretched her to her limits. He moved smoothly, bringing her legs up to rest on his shoulders. She looked lovely. Her tits were moving with each thrust, the clamps playfully teasing her nipples, the jewels on them dancing in the soft light. Her face was a picture of elegant beauty he'd not seen in eons. He loved her totally shaved hole, and his massive cock began to tear her open with each thrust.

Eyeing the vibrator he reached for it and played with the buttons. He began alternating between his own flesh and the spinning, buzzing playfulness of the toy. She loved the way he buried the vibe inside of her, feeling the tickler bring her clit sensational pleasure. Then the buzzing was gone, and his own warm, thick hardness was filling her, his gasps, moans and whimpers exciting her as much as the sight of him.

Coral felt her orgasm begin to build. He could feel it too, and kept the pace just so, moving inside of her to bring her all the pleasure he could. He was going to cum too, and wanted to time it just right. 

She began to groan as the tip of his cock pounded her g-spot. The plug in her ass was an added sensation that sent her over the brink. She began to cum hard and felt a wince of pain as her orgasm's rhythmic pulses forced the ass toy out onto the bed. He added to the intensity as he pounded her hard, feeling his own fluid drench her velvet hole. She watched as he flung his head back, his long braids falling on his shoulders, his defined abs clenched hard as he filled her up with his seed.

Both spent, (and one woman had NEVER spent him before) he lay beside her. He reached up and deftly untied her wrists, allowing her to touch him. "You're unreal" she said as she smiled. "I've never cum like that before. What an amazing birthday present, thank you." She giggled as she lay her head on his chest. "I'll recommend you for future, ummm, "presents"." 

He turned to her and kissed her lips. "I will be back next year lass. I'll visit as ye grow older and enjoy a nighttime of passion. Each year we'll explore your desire and bring it to life." With that he gave her one last look of longing and moved from the bed. He put his hand to her forehead, and closed her eyes for her, bringing her sleep. 

He's in character til the end she mused, as he closed her eyes for her. Her only thoughts as she drifted into dreams were of turning 31.