 Chapter 01- The IT Goddess

Mike was a worker in a hum drum office. His job was uneventful and at times quite boring. However, he harbored a secret which kept him coming back to work every day; Mike had an intense crush on the woman who single handedly ran all of IT for their company by herself. A very beautiful, Asian woman named Connie who he considered his IT Goddess. Up front, Connie was quiet, unassuming, a little conservative and even a bit nerdy (she even wears thick rimmed glasses which Mike has always found cute and sexy), but he'd always been attracted to her, and always suspected that there was so much more to her. He had tried approaching her to make small talk or to exchange words of greeting in the hallway, but his words had always caught in his throat as he was always met with a quiet, almost aloofness from her that made him unsure of himself. 

Mike had just about given up hope when he stumbled upon an incident, which changed their sex lives forever...

One night while Mike was working late again, he was on his way to the supply closet, keys in hand, for some pens. Most of the lights on the floor were off, but he knew the way there by heart. As he approached the closet, he noticed that the light was on and the door was very slightly open (good thing he had the keys so that he could lock it again). He assumed that someone had simply forgotten to turn the light off, and thought nothing of it. 

He made it all the way to the door, and stopped in his tracks when he heard it. His hand had stopped as he reached for the doorknob, and he froze in place. A rythmic, heavy, breathy moaning could be heard from inside the closet. Mike's eyes widened as he recognized it as Connie's voice...and his pants immediately tightened as cock grew hard from hearing her lusty moans. He was so close to the door that he could lean in and peek through the slightly opened door, and what he saw made his cock strain even harder against the fabric of his trousers. 

Inside, Connie was leaning up against the shelves in the closet, completely naked except for her open blouse, legs spread, and frantically fingering her pussy as she rubbed and fondled her nipples. Mike froze in awe, he could always tell that Connie had a great body by the way she carried herself and the hints of her curves, but her work clothes had always completely hid her beneath layers of conservativeness. What he saw now was a glorious site to behold, her skin was a perfect, sun kissed, golden brown hue. Her body was the ultimate mix of curvy, and athletic with her beautifully ample breasts, with the most succulent dark nipples, longing to be suckled, and were now heaving as she worked. Her shapely and strong legs, pushing her up against the shelves repeatedly as her fingers worked her exposed and deliciously wet pussy. 

Mike's mouth watered and his pulse raced as he saw her fingers circle her clit, and dip deep inside of herself. He could tell that she was quickly approaching her climax as her breath quickened even further, and the juices from her pussy were flowing freely, and even running down her leg. Mike couldn't even blink as he was so enthralled, that the keys fell from his hands. Panic tightened his chest, and he silently gasped as he attempted to lunge for the falling keys. In a hilarious comedy of errors, Mike's head collided with the semi open door, and he stumbled completely into the closet, falling head over heels and landed flat on his back in between Connie's legs. During his graceful and acrobatic flip, the button to his already strained pants completely popped open, and his engorged penis was set free from its confines, standing tall and firm. 

As he recovered, Mike looked up and realized where he was. His view was glorious, but the circumstances were less than so, and he looked up, smiling sheepishly, and was surprised to find Connie staring down at him, not scared, or shocked... but angry and frustrated. "Do you realize how close I was???" Connie sighed in frustration. "My workload is insane, I'm working late all of the time, and I haven't had a good orgasm in months!!" she cried. 

Connie slowly slumped to the ground in frustrated sadness, her legs intertwined with Mike's as he sat wide legged, beneath her. She looked up, tears ready to spring from her eyes, when recognition hit her, and a hesitant smile, crept to the edges of her mouth. "You're Mike, aren't you? You work on the floor right?" Mike, still believed that this was somehow some sort of wet dream, as this gorgeous woman, who he'd had a crush on for the longest time, was completely naked, and merely inches away from his fully erect and now pulsing, cock. Mike gulped, blinked, and merely nodded. Connie leaned forward slightly, her breasts fully exposed and hanging seductively close to Mike's cock, "You've the one person who has always been so nice to me... but you've never once said hello. What's up with that?" She looked almost hurt when she said it. Realization broke him out of his mute silence and he averted his gaze as he stuttered, fiercely trying to not openly stare at her exposed glory "I... I guess I was just shy, and never knew how to approach you..." 

Connie smiled a shy smile, and her eyes softened "Really? I was afraid that maybe you didn't like Asians or something.." She smiled a little bigger. Mike quickly leaned forward to reassure her "Oh no, I love Asians... umm... I mean..." his eyes unconsciously lowered down to his erection, and back up to her glistening pussy, and he quickly looked to the side as she noticed the look. Connie had a brief quizzical expression on her face, until her eyes lower down between Mike's legs... when her eyes widened. Connie licked her lips, and slowly began to lean forward toward Mike's cock. "Well.. now that you've ruined a perfectly good orgasm for me... one that I really, really deserved... you're going to have to make it up to me by playing a game." 

Connie, leaned in, on all fours now, her face getting closer and closer, breasts swaying ever so slightly as she moved. She reached forward... Mike's pulse raced, and he could see his cock pulsing in time with his rapid heartbeat... Connie smiled a wickedly sexy smile as she casually picked up Mike's phone, which had fallen from his pocket and landed between his legs. Mike could breathe again, but his cock doesn't lose its rigidity, and almost looked as if it were straining to reach Connie's nearby pussy by itself.

Connie, entered her phone number into Mike's phone, and slowly placed it on his inner thigh, brushing her fingernails along his leg as she does. She could see Mike's throbbing cock, drops of sticky pre-cum oozing from the tip. 

Connie looked directly into Mike's eyes, as she reached up towards his cock. "Every so often, I'm going to give you a task to perform, some may be sexy, some might be a bit risqué, some... may even be nothing special." She slowly gripped the base of Mike's cock, and cooed in appreciation of its girth (sparks of pleasure raced from his balls throughout his entire body). "Every time you complete a task, I'll give you an opportunity to pleasure me and try to bring me to orgasm." Connie ever so slowly began to squeeze and stroke his shaft. "Unfortunately, it's very difficult to make me cum... so it will probably take you a while and multiple attempts, with all sorts of different techniques" Mike squirmed underneath her grip, while his cock pulsed and throbbed wildly under her touch. "AND...if you do really well with a task, I may even give you a juicy little clue as to how to make me cum" Mike's thighs begin to raise up slightly as she stroked him. "You'll only get so many chances though, and if you fail enough tasks, I may get too frustrated and call it quits." 

Connie looked intensely into Mike's eyes, her breath heavy now as she spoke, in time with her quickening strokes. "But... if you can bring me... to my ultimate orgasm..." Connie reached up with her other hand, gripping his balls, and Mike's eyes go wide as Connie quickly lowers her open mouth onto the head of Mike's pulsating cock, which erupted instantly with spurt after spurt of thick cum. Wave after wave of pleasure rushed through his body. Connie never looked away from Mike's eyes, even as his cock filled her mouth with his hot cum. 

After his mind shaking orgasm subsided, and the aftershocks from his body began to fade, Connie slowly pulled the head of his cock from her mouth, licking the tip ever so slightly as it exited her warm, wet mouth. A thin tendril of cum momentarily connected the two, before she used a finger to wipe the head and bring it up to her mouth, closing her eyes seductively as she swallows the thick and sticky load. 

She took a moment to savor the act, before opening her eyes again, and stared intensely at Mike. "If you can bring me to my ultimate orgasm... I will return the favor in full... and it will make what you just felt right there, feel like a sniffle."

Connie smiled seductively as she pulled away. Then suddenly, as if nothing out of the ordinary had occurred, quickly got dressed and made ready to leave. "Keep an eye on your phone cutie; you never know when I'm going to text you." Her smile turns mischievous as she stepped over Mike, who was still sitting on the floor, cock still hard as a rock. She turned, her smile grew wider as she eyed Mike's thick cock before turning and heading off. "Mmmm... this is going to be a lot of fun."

As Connie closed the door behind her, Mike was still in a daze from everything that had transpired... when suddenly it all hit him and a huge smile spread across his face. Things were about to get very interesting.