 When you get right down to it I'm just your average sort of person. I'm not short or tall, ugly or gorgeous, dumb or brilliant. I'm average. You get a hundred average people and I'll be right there in the middle of them, the most average of the lot.

Not that this bothers me. Would it bother the average person? No, and I am that average person. That is why what happened was so unusual. For me, anyway. 

I was sitting on the beach in a very nice green and blue checked bikini. I know they say you shouldn't wear blue and green together but, believe me, with this bikini it worked. As I was saying, I was sitting there, enjoying the sun and enjoying the occasional attention of the hunting packs. At twenty I was old enough and experienced enough to be able to chase the wolves away without upsetting anyone. 

I spotted this guy strolling along the beach. There are some people who seem to just stand out from the crowd and this guy was one of them. When I say he was strolling along the beach it was more a case of he moved through the scattered crowd with all the grace of a tiger moving through the jungle. He had an animal magnetism that just seemed to radiate out from him.

I wasn't the only one looking at him. His sexual charisma was of the sort that had all the women giving him a quick look, and most of them not so quick. 

I can't really pin-point what it was about him. He was Hispanic in appearance but he didn't have a foreign flavour to him. I suspect that he would have looked at home anywhere in the world. His hair was glossy black and slightly rumpled, as though he'd brushed it into shape before coming to the beach and hadn't worried if the wind disturbed it. Six foot tall, at least, broad at the shoulder and narrow at the hip, moving like a natural athlete. 

His bright blue eyes seemed to argue against his Hispanic look but on him they just seemed right. He had a nice tan, as well. I wish I could get a tan like that. He wore a smile that seemed to light up if he looked directly at someone. I know because I caught the full wattage of it when he looked at me. Talk about be still, my throbbing heart.

When he drew level to where I was reclining he stopped and looked down at me and my heart just turned over. Instant love, or instant lust at the very least.

"Hi," he said, blinding me with his smile. "I'm Ricardo. And you are?"

"Ah, Angela, and hi to you," was my witty rejoinder.

"Mm. Angel. A fitting name. I was wondering if you could answer a little question for me, my little Angel?"

"Depends," I said cautiously. If he was going to ask if I had any money to spare he was out of luck. Not because I wouldn't have been willing to give it to him but because I didn't have any to give.

"If you turn your head and look up towards the road you will see that there are some nice tall bushes and various trees there."

I dutifully turned my head and looked towards the road and, yes, there was a long stretch of trees and bushes, divided by an occasional track running through them to the road.

"Yes?" I said, acknowledging that he was correct and that there were bushes there.

"What I was wondering was whether you would do me the honour of allowing me to escort you to those bushes to a little private place I know of so that I can peel off that lovely bikini and make gentle love to you?"

I just blinked and looked at him. He didn't just ask me to go behind the bushes with him so he could fuck me. No-one would approach a perfect stranger like that. I must have misheard.

"Ah, excuse me?" 

"I said I want to make love to you, right now. Come with me to where we have a little more privacy and I will show you how much I want you."

OK, so he had said what I thought he said. I still wasn't sure I believed it.

"You want me to go with you, a complete stranger, into the bushes so you can, ah, have your way with me?"

"Yes."

Well, that was laying it on the line. Talk about a direct proposition. I'd been approached directly before but never quite so blatantly. Well, actually, I have. Some men are awfully blunt when they're pissed. I've just never been propositioned in such a charming manner. His whole attitude seemed to be that I'd be doing him an enormous favour if I did this little thing, and how could I disappoint him?

I was wondering if this line had ever worked for him when reality suddenly caught up with me. While I'd been dithering and rehearsing how to say thanks, but no thanks, he'd held out his hands and I'd taken hold of them, and now he was drawing me to my feet.

Common sense said take your hands out of his and sit down, you idiot, while lust was saying go, go, go. While I was debating with myself Ricardo was walking with me across the sand, his hand holding mine, whispering soft word of future delights. I was still trying to make up my mind when I found myself moving into the trees to Ricardo's secluded nook.

Talk about being sure of himself. There was a towel spread on the ground so he wouldn't have to worry about sand. There was also a small chest with some cold drinks in it. It was a case of oh, shit, but I didn't see how I could back out now. Mind you, if he'd grabbed at me I would probably have screamed and bolted but the swine didn't do anything so obvious. Instead he smiled at me.

"You'll be wanting to see what you're getting into," he said softly, "so you can change your mind if you want to."

I want to, my head shrieked. No, you don't, growled my genitals. They had a point. I could already feel heat being stoked up down there. Every step I'd taken towards the trees had set little flutters of anticipatory heat tingling through me. Ricardo, in the meantime, was showing me precisely what I was getting into. Or what was getting into me.

He was slipping off his shorts and, since that was all he was wearing, he was standing in front of me gloriously naked. His erection must have been growing from the moment he started walking me across the sand and it was now standing magnificently free. It was thick and high, a smooth rod topped by a purple globe, and I couldn't stop looking at it. 

He wanted to put that inside me. Lord help me but I could feel my lips twitching in anticipation. Screaming and running had gone by the wayside in favour of reaching and grabbing. By a supreme effort of will I jerked my eyes away, looking at Ricardo's face, my face burning. And we complain about men looking at our boobs and not our face.

My hands started towards my bikini, meaning to slip it down, although I was still feeling a little reluctant. Ricardo stopped me.

"Don't be in such a rush," he told me, capturing a hand and pulling me towards him. His hands slipped around me, closing upon my bottom, and I could feel his rod pressing against my stomach. He kissed me.

I have to give him full marks for kissing. Lips on mine, tongue clashing with mine, he took his fill of me. I could feel his hands running up and down my bottom but I didn't care. I just let him kiss me. 

Finally he broke the kiss, leaning slightly away from me. (Top half only. From his waist down he was still firmly plastered against me.)

"Lift your feet," he told me.

Puzzled I did so, feeling something dragging against my feet as I did so. Thinking back, he was kissing me, his hands were stroking my bottom, something had brushed against my legs while he was kissing me. Come the dawn. He'd slid my bikini down while he kissed me. 'Don't be in such a rush' indeed. He'd just wanted to take them down himself.

He kissed me again, lightly. 

"I am going to take your top of," he murmured against my lips. "Hold this while I do so."

With that he steered my hand between us, pressing it against his erection. He'd asked nicely so what could I do? I held it, my hand slowly moving up and down, getting a feel for it. Nice and warm and so silkily smooth. I felt my top being dragged away from between our bodies, my breasts now pressing against his chest. He was moving his chest slightly, deliberately brushing my breasts and rubbing the nipples.

When he drew back this time my body was really alive. My nipples had peaked and my breasts were swollen. He hadn't even touched my pussy and he wouldn't really need to. I could tell that it was swollen, my lips all puffy and wet and waiting. 

He eased me down onto the towel, manoeuvring me so that I was flat on my back, legs parted, knees up, while he knelt between my thighs.

"I want you to watch me going into you," he told me. "I want to see your face as you see me taking you."

I didn't say a thing, mainly because I had no idea of what I could say. His cock was right there in front of me, nearly touching me, and I was watching it like a mouse hypnotised by a snake. Unlike a snake's lightning strike Ricardo moved slowly, easing forward. His cock was near me, then brushing back and forth against my lips, agitating them, then pressing between them. Once between them he didn't stop, just driving along my passage, while I watched him take me. I hope the slightly stunned look on my face was to his satisfaction.

It wasn't just the fact that he'd taken me with one long thrust that stunned me. It was the fact that I was there at all, and actually letting a stranger do this. I mean, I only met him a few minutes ago and here I was, flat on my back, his cock so far up me I could feel it brushing my tonsils - from the wrong side. You'd be slightly stunned, too, if it was you.

With nothing to see now that he was in me I transferred my gaze to his face. He was watching me, smiling.

"Keep watching," he said, and even as I looked down I could see (and feel) him pulling back. Just when I thought he was going to pull out completely he stopped and reversed direction, this time driving home with a lot more haste, apparently missing the warm feeling of being inside me.

I gasped, and then he was doing it again. This time I got my scrambled head into gear and started moving with him. It was easy to do as Ricardo was in no hurry, just moving easily back and forth. My eyes had switched back to his face and he was watching me, smiling gently.

"Come, my Angel," he murmured, "close your eyes and just drift, moving with the flow of love. Let your body experience the joy."

I know, it sounds corny, but you weren't there. I simply closed my eyes and went with it, delighting in the movement of Ricardo on top of me and in me. It's surprising how something can be so peaceful and so exciting at the same time. We just seemed to rock together, no hurry, knowing that everything would happen in its own time.

At least, it was going to happen in Ricardo's time. Slowly but surely I found he was increasing the pace and I was being bounced quite firmly against the ground. Not that I was complaining, seeing I was giving just as good as I got. My peace was dropping away but my excitement was increasing rapidly. I needed an end point and I needed it soon.

So did Ricardo. He picked up the pace yet again, banging into me harder than ever. I was gasping, urging him on, needing that last little push to bring me home. Ricardo delivered, an extra hard thrust making me explode, my climax ripping into me, me just accepting it, feeling Ricardo jerking about as he had his own climax.

I lay there, breathing hard, little after-shocks sending exquisite little tremors through me.

"Drink?" asked Ricardo and I nodded.

He tossed me a bottle of coke, ice-cold, and it was lovely, and desperately needed. I was done for. I didn't think I could move from this spot. I sucked on the coke while Ricardo had another. He didn't stop talking, telling me how wonderful I was, and how much he had enjoyed our experience. 

He got dressed and I scrabbled into my bikini, feeling flushed and guilty and pleased with myself. With him still talking, still flattering me, we walked on back to where my stuff was. Next thing I knew I was lying back on my towel watching as Ricardo moved away, smiling and nodding to people as he went.

I knew that the chances of my seeing him again were slim and fewer and I didn't give a damn. I did wonder if that counted as a one-night stand but decided it didn't. After all, a half hour in the middle of the day wasn't a night, now was it?