 This is another tease written for a female fan. Where it ended in the tease to her, I've expanded for the posting.

Be well,

Vic

*****

The air is crisp. Not cold, definitely cool you decide. You look up at the sky and spot rare wisps of clouds in the still blue sky. You are not sure of the time but it is getting late. You suddenly come to a halt as a hand that seems to be holding your hand pulls at you.

Your eyes follow the hand holding your hand up to the face of the owner. You see him smile at you. He leans against a tree and lightly tugs at you again.

You smile and take a couple of steps towards him. His other hand lifts and you find yourself embraced by his strong arms. He kisses your forehead.

You move your head and rest it against his shoulder. You move your hand to his other shoulder and pick at some imaginary loose thread. Your eyes move from your fingers playing with that thread to his face. You watch him as he looks up at the sky. Without looking at you, he mentions that it is getting late and you both should be heading back soon.

Still watching him, your head nods while still on his shoulder. At the movement, he looks down and his eyes capture your eyes. He smiles at you. Automatically, you smile back at him. His hands move up from your lower back to your shoulders. You watch as he leans forward. Your eyes move from his eyes to his lips. You watch as his head leans forward. You feel yourself lifting your head off his shoulder. Your lips touch.

Slowly at first, you kiss him back. His careful and gentle movements almost caress your lips with his. Your hand moves from his shoulder to his cheek. You touch him lightly as your lips push against his. You lean forward as his lips part allowing the tip of your tongue to tease his upper lip. You let the tip of your tongue run lightly along his lip. You slide your tongue back into your mouth as you feel his lips attempting to close around you.

Your hand lightly moves along his cheek to the back of his neck. You pull his head towards you as your lips touch once more. You smile to yourself as you feel his lips opening. His tongue slides out and playfully runs along your lower lip. Your tongue slides out and touches his tongue just as it slides into your mouth.

You hear him moan into your mouth as your tongue slides lightly along his tongue. His hands release your shoulders and slide down your back. Your body comfortably leans closer to him as his arms hold you tight. 

You sigh into his mouth as you kiss him harder. Your tongues dance with each other, each trying to seduce the tongue into their mouths. Feeling a bit bold, your hand slides away from the back of his neck and reach down behind him. Your hand cups his ass cheek and gently squeeze. 

You catch yourself moaning lightly as his hips move forward, grinding against you. His hands slide down and cup your ass.

You open your eyes as he pulls from your kiss. You see him smiling at you. He leans forward and you do the same. Instead of feeling his lips against your lips, you feel his lips against your cheek. He does not stop and move towards your lips. Instead, his lips kiss along your cheek towards your ear.

His lips lightly touch your skin. Kissing ever so lightly and gently. Your head tilts slightly as your eyes close. His kisses stop right before your ear. You tremble slightly as he softly tells you how wonderful you are. He kisses you once again, just under your ear. His voice, soft but not a whisper tells you how lucky he feels to be holding you. Again, his lips touch your neck.

Your eyes remain close as you enjoy his kisses on your neck. Your body seems to lean closer against his every time he says something to you. Your mouth opens slightly at the feel of his lips opening slightly and kissing your neck. His warm mouth and soft lips sends a tingle down you. Gently his mouth sucks against your neck and you let out a soft moan. His lips kiss and gently suck on your neck for a little while longer. His hands move from your ass up to your waist.

Your mind follows his lips as he starts to move down the side of your neck. You feel an electrified trail of skin along your neck as he moves. Your head tilts back as his mouth reaches where your neck meets your shoulder. There his tongue slides out and moves down. His tongue gently flicks as he moves down. You shiver at the first flick against your bare skin. Then your body seems to respond by leaning back as he moves further down. You feel his tongue through your blouse. His warm and almost hard tongue teasing your skin through that layer of material. Sliding down the top of your breast, his tongue moves. His hands slide up your lower back and stops to support you.

You open your eyes and look down as his tongue approaches your nipple through your clothes. It almost feels as if his tongue was against your skin. Lightly he flicks his tongue over your covered nipple. You sigh and instinctively arch your back.

As if mesmerized, your eyes follow the movement of his tongue. Flicking and now circling around your nipple. You couldn't see your nipple but you can feel his tongue circling as if he could see it. You feel your nipple growing hard with his attention. His lips close around your nipple and sucks. You gasp lightly at the pull of his mouth against your breast. You feel yourself growing excited as his lips massage and pull against your nipple.

His lips release your nipple and his tongue resumes its teasing through your blouse. You watch as he works his way down. His tongue sliding and flicking against the lower part of your breast. He watches as he slides slowly down using the tree to support his position. You quickly glance around. Not seeing anyone near you, you look back down.

You find his eyes on you as his tongue slides down to your stomach. You feel his hands slide from your lower back to the side of your legs. His tongue slides into his mouth as his head pulls away from you. Your eyes move from his now hidden tongue to his eyes. You had not realized that you started to stare at his tongue again. His eyes look into your eyes. You see him smile as his hands slide down to your knees. His fingers touch the skin of your legs.

You hear him tell you that he needs to taste you. You quickly glance around again as you feel his hands slide up along your legs. His hands pushing up your skirt. His head lowers and kisses the exposed skin of your left leg. Then as his hands move further up, he kisses your right leg. He continues to alternate, kissing your left and then your right. You watch all this as he slides further down against the tree. You crouch slightly allowing him access to kiss your legs. Your hands reach up and brace yourself against the tree. You watch, trembling with your mouth open as his mouth moves forward. You almost moan at the touch of his lips against your pussy through your panties. The warmth of his mouth electrifies your pussy. You close your eyes as you feel his lips kiss you. You shiver and find yourself pushing against his mouth as you feel his tongue slide out and against your pussy. The panties grow wet wherever his mouth opens and his tongue slides against. You feel him. His tongue teasing your pussy. He moves his tongue tip up and down. Almost touching your clit but before he does he moves down. He presses his tongue against the panties but they prevent him from entering you.

You moan and your body moves with him. His tongue sets the rhythm as your hips grind against his tongue. He moans at the feel of you, sending another wave of trembling through you. His hands slide further up your legs as he presses his tongue against you. You open your eyes and watch him. His tongue pressing against your pussy. You see his eyes already looking at you.

You watch as he moves his left arm up to hold your skirt in place as his right hand slides against your panties. You shiver as he continues to lick your pussy through your panties. The fingers of his right hand slide under your panties. He hooks it and slowly moves, pulling your panties to the side. His tongue slides against and into your pussy in mid stroke. Your eyes close again and you moan louder. He moans with you at the feel of your pussy surrounding his tongue. He moves his tongue up and out of you. You almost lose your balance as his tongue tip slides up and flicks against your clit. He moves his tongue back down and into you once more. Again you moan, your body presses against him trying to get more of his tongue into you. Slowly he moves his tongue in and out of you. Your body responds, moving with him again. Your head leans back as his tongue moves. Your body moves as his tongue slides against you and into your pussy. 

Your body continues to move with him. Your mind concentrating on his tongue sliding in and then out. His tongue would slide out now and again and tease your clit. More and more your body seems to shake at every tease.

You open your eyes once more as you feel he is about to do it again. You look down and you see his eyes are closed. His tongue slides out of you and wetly trails up to your clit. You concentrate as his tongue slides around your clit. But instead of going back down as was the pattern, you watch his mouth open up and cover your clit. You moan loudly at the feel of his soft lips against your clit. You watch as if it was in slow motion. His mouth sucks against you and your clit. His cheeks pull in as your clit slides between his lips. The feel of his wet lips sliding along your clit causes shocks of pleasure to ripple through you. You push against the tree as your body seems to be drawn to your clit and into his mouth. His tongue teases you in his mouth as his lips release your clit. Then he pulls you in again. Sliding and massaging your clit. You moan again, louder.

You hadn't realized your eyes had closed until you feel a couple of fingers enter your pussy. You hiss at the feel of his fingers spreading you as his mouth pulls your clit in once more.

He stops moving his fingers as they are full in you. His mouth holds your clit between his lips. You look down, your mouth open. He waits until you are looking into his eyes. As you lock into his eyes, his lips slowly release your clit. His fingers slowly slide out. Then back in again. Then slowly back out. His eyes continue to stare into your eyes as his fingers slowly fuck your pussy. His eyes lovingly hold your eyes as his lips massage your clit between his almost silky lips. Your body moves with him, building in speed. You can feel it burning and boiling in the pit of your stomach. You can't stop it. You don't want to stop it. You feel his fingers moving faster in and out of you. Your body grinding against you. You see his mouth pulling and releasing your clit. Your hips rolling against his mouth. His head moves oddly at every thrust of your hips.

You shiver and your knees start to buckle. You feel it coming. You gasp it to him. Telling him your close. He moves faster. His fingers filling you, almost slapping against you. His lips pull against your clit harder. You moan louder. Your eyes clenched close as you tilt your head back. Your body moving against him. Hot and wet between your legs and the cool afternoon air surrounding your body. You continue to shiver, feeling your orgasm just over the edge. So close.

Harder you grind against his fingers and push against his mouth. Your body shakes harder. You are so close.

As your clit is pulled into his lips once more, you feel his tongue tip flick against your clit. The sensation explodes. You scream as you start to cum. Your body slams against his head as you grip down against his face. His fingers continue to work in and out of your pussy, fast and hard. His lips pull and hold you in his mouth, your hips grinding against him. He continues to suck and slide his fingers in and out of you until you start to slow down. As you slide off his lips and fingers as you near becoming too sensitive, you slide down and sit on his lap.

You release the tree and lean against his shoulder. You lean forward and lazily kiss him hard against his wet lips. You lean onto his shoulder, your eyes closed. He whispers into your ear, telling you to rest as his arms reach up and holds you tightly to him.

Your hands slide down his back and rests on his bottom. You gently squeeze him and his hips move forward. You feel his excitement through his pants. You feel a tingle as your hands squeeze once more. You hear him breathing harder. Your hands release his bottom as you smile to yourself. His eyes look into your eyes as you pull away from his shoulder. He smiles at you and you find yourself leaning in and kissing him. He kisses you gently as your hand slides up to his hips.

You open your lips and slide your tongue into his mouth. Almost immediately, his lips close around your tongue as he slowly begins to suck. You shiver slightly at the action. It reminds you of how those lips were doing that just a minute ago. You hear yourself moan. Your hands move from his hips down to the front of his pants. You feel his hardness through it. You use one hand slowly to follow its length. The other hand slowly unbuckles his belt.

His mouth pulls at your tongue and as he feels your hand at his belt, he releases your tongue. He continues to kiss you but it is less gentle. His hands reach up to your waist and you feel him lean in more.

You release his belt and your other hand moves away from his excitement to assist with unbuttoning the pants. You moan at the passion of his kissing as your fingers slide into the waistband of his pants and briefs. You push down a little but it is caught. You pull away from your kiss and look down. You see his hard cock against his briefs. As you push down, you see it caught just under the waistband. You look up to see him looking down too. You look back down as your hand reaches into his briefs and hold the shaft of his cock. You hear him take a deep breath as your hand touches him.

His hands grip your waist a little tighter as he feels your cool hands surround and grip his hot and hard cock. He stares mesmerized as you guide his cock out from under his briefs. He looks back up as you look up towards his face. He leans in to kiss you once more. You return the kiss once but pull away.

You lower yourself as you release his cock and reinsert your fingers into the waistband. Using both hands, you push down his pants and briefs. As his pants fall to his calves, not quite at his ankles, you find yourself facing his erect cock. You look up at him to see him staring down at you. Looking back at his cock, you lean in and kiss the head of his cock. You feel it twitch against your lips. You look back up at him. Your mouth opens and takes the head of his cock into your mouth. You watch as he reaches up with his hands to grip the tree for support. You continue to look at his face as you let more of his cock slide into your mouth. You see his mouth open but his eyes close. You feel his hardness along your tongue as he slowly slides into your mouth. You do not take him all the way into your mouth; just a comfortable length and you start to slide him out of your mouth. You leave the head of his cock in your mouth as you look up once more.

His eyes are half open as he feels you sliding his cock out. He watches as you reach up with one hand to grab the base of his cock. He watches as you begin to slide your lips back down his shaft. He mumbles something that you do not hear. Your lips pull at his cock as your mouth sucks him in deeper. His hips move slightly as your other hand reaches up to gently cup his balls. He moans at the feel of your hand touching his balls, his hips move forward causing him to move further into your mouth.

You were ready for his reaction and had relaxed your throat. As you touch him, he does as expected. You smile to yourself again as you continue to suck his cock. Pulling back along his shaft, your hand follows. You look up once more as your lips slide back down his cock. You see a look of concentration on his face as your tongue slides down the bottom of his shaft. As you move back, the tip of your tongue finds the bottom of his shaft and stop at the point where the head meets the shaft. Your mouth releases his cock as your tongue tip flicks along that spot. You watch as his eyes open fully to watch you tease him with your tongue tip.

He watches her from above. Her hand holding the shaft of his cock while her tongue places with his sensitive area right below the head. He sees her other hand, just barely as she continues to play with his balls. He starts to loose control. He knows he loves the feel of your mouth but he wants more. He watches some more as you take him into your mouth again. He tries not to close his eyes but does. His hips move as your lips slide along his cock.

His cock feels smooth and hard at the same time. It slides easily through your lips and feels so hard against your tongue. Your head moves forward and then backwards as your hand follows along. You did not realize you had closed your eyes as you feel his hands on your shoulders.

You open your eyes and look up just as your head is moving forward. You see and hear him moan at the visual. You hear him as you to get up as his hands reach down under your arms. You reluctantly release his cock from your mouth as your hands grab his hips for support. You stand before him, his cock throbbing against your leg. You feel it through your skirt and your excitement flares to life once more. You reach up with one hand and gently stroke his cock.

He looks into your eyes as you stroke his cock. He leans in and kisses you once more.

You gladly return his kiss as you feel his hands reach down and once again pull up your skirt. The cool air feels nice against your skin and exposed pussy. You feel one hand reach lower to touch your inner thigh. You lift your leg as his hand guides your leg to the side. His other hand slides up from your leg to your lower back as he leans forward. You feel yourself leaning back as he careful guides you to lean against the tree. There his hand leaves your back and he pulls from the kiss. You see him look down and you do too.

You shiver as you feel his cock grow harder in your hand. You take in the sight of your hand holding his throbbing cock. His hand on your thigh holding you spread. It looks as if his cock is pointing straight into your pussy. You look up as your hand pulls his cock towards you. You see him still looking down, watching you guide his cock towards you. You hear him exclaim something as the head of his cock touches your pussy lips.

He looks up at you to find you already looking at him. He leans in and kisses your lips again. As he leans in, the head of his cock presses against your pussy lips. You shift a little as your hips move forward. Your legs spread a little more and you moan against his mouth. The head of his cock slips easily into you. He stops there as his lips press against your lips.

You find yourself kissing him harder as your hand releases his cock. You reach back and hold the tree for more support. His cock head stretching your pussy. You move slightly but succeed only in taking a little more into you. You moan as your hips move. You continue to kiss him moaning again.

He kisses you back as he concentrates on holding himself there with just his cock head in you. He moans as you move, taking a little more of his cock in. His hands move once again to your hips. He pulls away from the kiss and you see the wild passion in his eyes.

You see him smile as you half close your eyes. Your body moving on it's own as your pussy tries to pull more of him in. He feels so good spreading you. His cock is hard and feels so smooth. You feel the need for more of him in you. Your head tilts back and you moan loudly as you feel him pushing his cock deep into you. The movement was slow and to you it felt even slower. You moan in pleasure as his cock starts to fill you. You hear him moaning too as your pussy grips him and suck him in further.
