 Working at the Quick-E-Lube was miserable, tedious work, especially in my position as "lower bay technician." Basically, my part in the process of changing a car's oil was to remove the drain plug, remove the filter, replace drain plug, install filter. Not exactly an intellectually challenging job, not to mention the fact that it was dirty and, at times, dangerous.

I hated my job. I would go in each morning with a feeling of dread, and leave each day wanting to quit. Until Christa was hired.

Christa had just turned eighteen. Fresh out of high school, she was working at the Quick-E-Lube to make a little cash before starting college in the fall. Working side by side with her, I couldn't help but notice how attractive she was. Petite and "cute" with long blonde hair and a bright, sunny smile.

The Quick-E-Lube uniforms did nothing for the female figure, but she worked around that, ordering a smaller sized shirt so her petite breasts didn't disappear beneath it and substituting a pair of her own black pants that better highlighted her adorable little ass.

Now don't get me wrong. It may seem as though I immediately began evaluating her as a potential sex partner, but initially, I had no intentions of trying to sleep with her. I simply ran through the nearly subconscious mental check-list that I, and most men, do whenever I meet a person of the opposite sex. My interest in her, at that time, was almost entirely professional.

But after working with her for a few weeks, the dynamic of our interaction began to shift. She became more talkative, which I first assumed was just because she was more comfortable with her workplace and coworkers. Then she started arranging to take her lunch break at the same time I did. Our conversations became more personal and "flirty," laced with innuendo. And believe me, working at a shop that specializes in oil changes and preventative maintenance, there is no lack of material for double entendre. 

"Would you like help lubing your chassis?" She'd ask, feigning that wide-eyed innocence that for some reason I find incredibly sexy. Or, leaning in close, she'd ask with a wink and a flash of her sunny smile, "Would you service my gear-box?"

There was also more and more physical contact. She would frequently come over and, standing next to me so that our shoulders and hips were touching, offer to help me with even the simplest tasks. She began insisting on a hug at the end of her shift, squeezing me tighter and holding on longer than could be considered strictly friendly. 

Call me oblivious, but I still had no idea that she had any interest in me beyond idle flirting to wile away the dull hours of a slow work day. The thought that she was slowly and not too subtly trying to seduce me, never crossed my mind. 

Then one Friday it happened. It had been a particularly busy day, and I was exhausted. As soon as the bay doors had been closed and locked, I retired to the employee restroom to clean up and change out of my dirty uniform. As was my habit, I grabbed my clothes from my locker, locked myself in the bathroom, then proceeded to strip and scrub every drop of oil and grease from my body. 

I was about mid-way through my cleansing ritual when I heard the break room door open, and James, the closing manager, call out. "Hey, I'm taking off. Lock up for me?"

"Sure thing, boss." I called back, shutting the water off and drying myself with paper towels. It wasn't uncommon for the manager to finish his closing tasks before I was done changing, so I frequently ended up being the last one out of the shop, killing the lights and locking the doors behind me.

As I stuffed my dirty uniform into the laundry bin, I started to let my mind drift. It had been busy, but it had been bearable due mostly to the fact that Christa had been working. Having her around to chat with, to flirt with, always made a hellacious job a little easier to survive. I pictured her in my mind as I began to gather my street clothes, how she looked bent over the hood of a car as she pulled the dipstick and checked the oil level. How, no matter how busy we were, she somehow always managed to stay nearly spotlessly clean. She never seemed to get frustrated or overwhelmed. And she somehow always managed to find a reason, no matter what was going on in the shop, to be near me.

I was a little surprised to notice, as I pulled my jeans on, that I had begun to get an erection. I chuckled quietly to myself, shook my head as if to clear my thoughts, and zipped up my pants. I quickly finished dressing, pulled my shoes on, and headed for the door. 

I flipped the bathroom light off, pushed the door open and stepped into the break room. I froze. Sitting on the single table in the break room, smiling brightly, was Christa. My first reaction was an unreasonable embarrassment. As if somehow, just by being alone in the shop with me, she could have known the flow of my thoughts a few moments before I stepped out of the bathroom. I quickly overcame that illogical fear.

"Hey, kiddo, what're you doing here? Weren't you off an hour ago?" I had seen her leave, about an hour before closing time, so I honestly couldn't think of any reason for her to be there.

"Yeah, but I figured I'd come back and help you lock up. I know James leaves you here alone sometimes to lock the doors for him. I thought it'd be nice if you had some company." She leaned back, arms straight and palms flat on the table top. "If you don't want my company, though..." 

"No, it's cool. Just surprised me, that's all." I noticed then that she had gone home and changed after work, and was no longer wearing the unflattering blue and black Quick-E-Lube uniform. The blue shirt had been replaced by a white button down blouse, and the black pants with a black skirt that stopped about half way down her thighs. This was the first time I'd seen her in anything other than her work clothes, and I couldn't help but stare. I immediately began to imagine what she would look like in even less. The erection that had started in the bathroom began to reassert it's presence and I again found myself feeling somewhat embarrassed.

Apparently she was able to pick up on my thoughts through my facial expression, because she laughed softly, uncrossed her legs and pushed herself down off the table. This put her within about a foot of me, close enough that I was able to smell a hint of her perfume. 

"I already locked all the doors for you, by the way, so you don't need to worry about that." Her tone of voice had changed, becoming somewhat deeper, and softer. Still oblivious as I was, I immediately found myself wondering why she had already locked the doors. I opened my mouth to say something about how I usually lock on my way out, but she interrupted me. "So you don't need to worry about anyone else getting in here."

At that point, it finally dawned on me. Her tone of voice, the way she was dressed, her unexpected appearance. Most importantly, the locked doors. "So, we're alone here now?" I asked.

She nodded, once, her eyes never leaving mine. Without another word, I reached for her, sliding my hand around her waist to the small of her back, and pulled her into me. She tilted her head back as I leaned over and met my lips half-way. I could taste her lip-gloss as we kissed, some kind of berry. Her breath was warm as she parted her lips and slipped her tongue into my mouth. 

Any doubts I still had regarding her intentions disappeared as soon as her hand hooked into the waistband of my jeans and pulled me against her. My head spun as I kissed her, my mind reeling. I couldn't believe this was happening. Up to this point, situations like this had only been something read about in magazines that came wrapped in black plastic. When Christa slipped her hand into my pants and stroked my cock through the tight fabric of my boxer-briefs, the reality fully sank in.

I slid my hand from the small of her back upwards, following the arch of her spine, then brought my hand over her shoulder and down to her breast. She broke the kiss and gasped as I cupped her breast and gently squeezed. I could feel her heart pounding through her shirt, and her nipple harden under the gentle pressure of my thumb. She whimpered softly as I stroked her, and the movement of her hand in my pants quickened.

I couldn't wait any longer. I had to see her. All of her. Still massaging her breast, I used my other hand to reach up and started unbuttoning her shirt. With each progressive button, I became more and more excited. I got down to the last two buttons before my shaking hand betrayed me. I couldn't seem to manage getting them undone, so finally, in frustration, I grabbed the thin fabric and yanked. The buttons popped off, skittering across the floor, and her shirt opened. She wasn't wearing a bra.

Her tits were amazing. Smallish, maybe a 'b' cup, but perfectly formed and capped with slightly puffy, pencil-eraser sized nipples. The skin was creamy white, silky and smooth, and hot under my hand. I bent over, bringing my face down to her chest, and lightly flicked first one nipple, then the other, with just the tip of my tongue. She gasped and her grip tightened on my cock as I opened my mouth and began to suck. I pulled at her nipple with my mouth as I ran circles around her areola with my tongue. Even her skin tasted sweet.

As her breathing became deeper, I felt her hips sway towards me, as if, on their own, they were seeking attention. Always one to oblige, I slid my hand down, marveling at how smooth the skin of her flat stomach was. I ran my palm down over her hip, down her leg then back up, up the inside of her thigh and under her skirt. She spread her legs then, just wide enough to allow my hand between them. I paused then, stroking gently, my fingers mere inches from the point where her thighs came together, close enough that I could feel the heat radiating from her most intimate place. I brushed my fingertips along the smooth skin there, teasing, coming closer and closer until she was nearly panting. 

Finally, I let my finger brush against the soft, yielding flesh of her pussy. She gasped and thrust her hips forwards sharply as my fingertip parted her lips and rested lightly against the hard little button of her clit. I began tracing small, lazy circles around her clitoris, enjoying the sharp, jagged way she was breathing, loving the slick moisture that was seeping out of her, lubricating my fingertip as I stroked her. I slid my finger tip back further between her lips, until it rested lightly on her opening. I pulled my mouth from her breast then, and looked up at her face. Her eyes were mostly closed, her eyelids fluttering slightly, and she seemed to be holding her breath in anticipation.

I pressed upwards, slipping my finger into her. She clenched her eyes shut tightly, her mouth hung open slightly, and she moaned as my finger slid in easily. Her hips began rocking rhythmically in time with the movement of my finger. She was quite wet. I needed to taste her. She whimpered as I withdrew my finger, pressing forward, trying to find it again, but I had other plans. 

I slid my hands down and around to the outsides of her thighs, hooked my thumbs into the hem of her skirt, and slid it up to her hips. I marveled for a moment, staring at her sex. She was hairless, perfectly smooth and pink, with a glimmer of moisture visible on the edges of her slit. I stood up, wrapped my arms around her waste, and kissed her again, gently but passionately, before lifting her up and sitting her on the table. After making sure she was steady there, I went down to my knees. With her ass on the edge of the table, it put her at the perfect height. On my knees, my face was level with her pussy, and I instinctively felt the urge to just dive in.

Instead, I kissed her knee. Then the other knee. I kissed her thigh, then the other. I continued in this manner, alternately kissing one leg, then the other, each kiss a little higher, a little closer, to her smooth pussy. Finally, I allowed myself to bring my face in close, close enough to stick out my tongue and gently lick along her soft outer lips. I ran my tongue up her slit, lightly, not enough pressure to separate them. She was moaning louder now, and her legs quivered slightly. I brought a hand up and used my fingers to spread her open.

Her inner lips were a darker shade of pink then the surrounding flesh, and they shone with moisture. I again stuck my tongue out and ran it along the lips of her pussy, circling the opening for a moment, then finally brought it up to brush against her clit. She gasped, her hand pressing onto the back of my head. "Yes! Please, yes, right there."

That was all the urging I needed. I leaned in, pressing my tongue to her clit, and began to play with her. I kept my movement erratic at first, dancing randomly on and around her clit. I sucked it gently, pulling at it with my lips. She gasped every time I flicked, and I finally fell into a rhythm. I brought my free hand up and slid first one, then two fingers into her. They went in easily. She was very wet, but at the same time, quite tight. I hooked my fingers and pressed them upwards as I slid them in and out. Within minutes, I could tell she was close. She rocked back and forth on the table, her breathing becoming heavy and rhythmic.

"Oh god," she moaned, "Oh god of fuck yes, you're gonna make me cum. Don't stop please don't fucking stop I'm gonna cummmm.... OH FUCK!" I felt her clench around my fingers hard, her whole body freezing, then she bucked against my face, nearly slipping off the table. I steadied her as she came, her hips bucking, her eyes rolling back into her head, and her exclamations turning to unintelligible moans and gasps. The orgasm eventually faded, leaving her quiet and trembling on the table top.

I stood up, withdrawing my fingers, and pulled her off the table and against me. Her small body, her firm, petite breasts, felt amazing pressed against me, and I could swear I felt her heart pounding against my chest. She looked up at me, wrapped one hand around the back of my head, and pulled me down to kiss me. I could still taste her pussy in my mouth as she slipped her tongue in, and the thought that she could taste herself on my was incredibly erotic. Her other hand slid downwards to the front of my pants.

She unbuttoned my jeans, pulled the zipper down, and reached into my underwear. "Mmmm" she moaned as her fingers wrapped around the shaft of my erection., "that was really nice. Think I want to return the favor." With that, she knelt down in front of me and tugged my jeans and underwear down, freeing my cock. I moaned as she took it into her hand, stroking the shaft, her finger sliding over the head. When she cupped my balls with her other hand, massaging gently, I lost a measure of control and my hips thrust forward.

She giggled when she saw this, looking up at me with those innocent eyes, and asked "Do you want me to suck it? Do you want me to put your big, hard cock in my mouth?"

"God yes, honey. Suck it for me. Please."

She giggled again, then brought her face down to my crotch. She lifted my cock upwards, so it pointed towards the ceiling, and ran her tongue from my balls, up the shaft, to just underneath the head. She paused there for a moment, moving her tongue around that sensitive little ridge that connects the underside of my shaft to the head. I moaned again, each flick of her tongue sending electrical shocks through me, and nearly fainted when she suddenly plunged her mouth around the tip of my dick. 

Her mouth was amazingly hot, and I was impressed at how much she was able to take into her little mouth. As she bobbed her head, sliding her lips up and down, taking a little more than half of my erection in, I could feel her tongue moving ceaselessly, dancing around the head. She fell into a rhythm, and I knew it wouldn't take very much of this kind of attention before I'd cum. I wasn't ready for that yet, so, after letting her continue for a few minutes, her mouth sliding up and down, one hand cupping and massaging my balls while the other stroked the base of my cock, I put my hands on her shoulders and gently pushed her away.

She looked up at me then, still holding me in her hands, and asked softly, "What's wrong? Was I doing a good job?" I smiled at her, appreciating that she seemed upset that I may not have been satisfied.

"Amazing job, hun. A little too good. I don't want to cum just yet."

She smiled then, "Well what do you want to do, then?" Again, those big, innocent looking eyes.

I pulled her up to her feet and pushed her shirt down off her shoulders so that it slid down her arms and to the floor. I picked her up again and set her back down on the edge of the table, then stepped out of my shoes and pants, and pulled my shirt off. I stood there for a moment, naked, staring at her sitting on the table naked except the skirt that was still hiked up around her hips. She was stunning. 

She reached for me with both hands, one hand stroking across my bare chest, the other again grasping my hard cock, and pulled me to her. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her again, harder this time, squeezing her tightly with my cock resting against her slit. She rocked her hips and the sensation of her wet pussy sliding along the length of my shaft was indescribable.

"Fuck me now. Fuck me, please, fuck me." She panted in my ear. Without a word, I pulled back slightly, then pushed the head of my cock into her. She thrust forward, trying to take more of me into her, but I held back, relishing the physical and psychological feeling of first penetration. At this moment, she was mine. At this moment, she wanted nothing more than me. At this moment, I was in complete control.

I pushed forward, upward, into her. She nearly screamed as I sank in fully, and my head felt light as a wave of pleasure swept through me. She was so tight, so hot. She felt like warm, wet velvet clenching tightly around my cock, and when I began thrusting, slowly and gently at first, pulling nearly all the way out, then sliding in again as far as I could, she started rhythmically squeezing me in time with my movements.

I soon became lost in the feelings, feeling weightless as I moved inside of her. My long, deep thrust slowly turned to a quicker, shallower tempo. She moved her hips around in small circles, grinding her clit into my pubic bone, and I could tell she was getting close to cumming again. I wasn't far off myself, for that matter, but I was determined that she would cum first. 

I put a hand on the small of her back to steady her and brought my other hand up to play with her breasts, stroking them, squeezing them, pinching and gently twisting her nipples. I felt her pussy tighten around me again, hard, then start to flutter. Her eyes rolled back in her head and her mouth dropped open. She was silent for a second, her body freezing momentarily, pressed against me, then she began to cry out.

"God yes, oh god oh god oh god oh gaaaaa...." Her whole body shook as she came, her cries dissolving into unintelligible moaning and whimpering. She went limp as her orgasm passed, leaning against me, her forehead pressed into my chest. Slowly, I again began to move, sliding in and out. She was much wetter now that she had cum. She leaned back, one hand wrapped around the back of my neck and the other behind her on the table. She tilted her hips downward, so that the sensitive underside of my cock received the greatest stimulation. God she was good.

She looked me in the eyes, licking her lips. "Cum for me, baby. Come on, fuck me, cum for me."

I was close as it was, but her words pushed me to the limit. "Oh fuck, honey, I'm gonna cum..."

As if that were a cue she'd been waiting for, she pushed me away, slid off the table and onto her knees, and plunged her mouth down onto my cock. This time, she took all of me. I felt my cock slide all the way to the back of her throat, felt my balls brush against her chin, her nose pressed into my pubic hair. I nearly fainted, then it hit me. As the first spurt of cum shot from me, she pulled back off my cock, tilted her head back, and looked straight up at me. That eye contact finished me, and I continued to spray cum with what seemed, to me at least, incredible force. She moaned as it hit her cheek and chin. When some landed on her lip, she licked them and smiled. One more spasm and I collapsed to my knees in front of her, thoroughly spent.
