 Smiling, she took a deep breath and lay back in the water and sank to the bottom of the full length tub. Her hands gripped the sides to keep her underwater.

I moved between her legs and my cock found her cunt and bounced against her pussy lips. I sat back on my haunches and pulled her slippery bottom up with my hands so that her mound sloshed just at the surface and her head and tits were deep underwater. She smiled up at me from the quiet of the water enveloping her.

I dipped a finger in between her pussy lips, flicking lightly, teasing her. I slid one, and then another finger into her tight little pussy. Kati bubbled, bucking back against my hand. She lifted a leg and put her foot on the top of the tub edge holding her self underwater. 

I smiled back at her through the shimmering water and placed my hands on her narrow hips. She was quivering in submerged anticipation of what she knew was coming next. She pursed her lips and blew a few more bubbles up at me.

I brought my cock-head to rest against her pussy lips, sliding it into her slit a half an inch and rubbed it up and down holding it around the base. The sensation was delicious and she bubble again loosing more precious air from her talented lungs. I did this for a few seconds while checking my watch for the 'starting' time. She had been underwater for only 30 seconds so she had a LOT longer to go based upon my experience with her this evening. 

I would see that she got her moneys worth! I rubbed her clit with my fingers on one hand holding her down by pushing on her pubic bone with the other. I let my cock graze her pussy, dipping briefly into her outer vagina area and then hauling back again. She tryed to hold me in her with her pussy clamping on my cock but I got it free.

I looked at my watch. One minute and twenty seconds. I could not hold back! I pushed my cock forcefully into her and started to thrust as deep as I could. My heart was pounding and my breath was coming in ragged gasps. She, on the other hand, was not breathing at all and it did not look like she was going to breathe anytime soon if I could help it!

I pulled her even harder onto my ridged cock. I could imagine the tip inside of her rubbing up against the bundle of nerves behind her pubic bone that is commonly called the "G" spot. I closed my eyes to feel it at the tip of my dick. Yes, there it was! Ahhhhh.

This was great! I had a firm hold of her hips again and thrust the length of my cock deep into her mermaid pussy. Her back arched and with her head underwater, she choked back her screams of pleasure. I slid my cock completely out then plunged back inside of her again like a harpoon. 

This time she did scream bubbling dangerously in the water.  This was a good way to drown – I mused. I would have to watch her carefully for signs of distress!

My hands slid up her body, taking her breasts into my palms and started rocking, setting up a slow rhythm. My fingers were kneading her breasts, rolling her nipples, tugging lightly at them, pinching them. My cock was hard and long and thick inside of her and she pushed back to meet my thrusts.  

She had lost a lot of air and was struggling a bit it seemed. It looked like she needed air so I pulled roughly to the surface. Water went all over the bathroom.

Katie threw her head back and moaned loudly, "Fuck me, baby, make me cum underwater". I needed no further invitation. My hands slid down to her hips again, and I started thrusting harder, faster as I pushed her underwater between my legs. 

She met me, stroke for stroke, taking my hand and sliding down to her clit. I slipped a finger along her slit, stroking and rubbing her little love button as I fucked her. She could feel my cock, filling her up, and she stroked herself faster and faster with my hand. Bubbling and gurgling my name, telling me that I was so good. I could actually understand her even though she was underwater. Again, was she willing to drown herself?

By this time I was slamming in and out so hard that I was slapping against her pretty little ass. This turned her on even more and we both felt her pussy clenching tight around my rock hard cock. I was leaning down over her now putting my face in water sucking and licking her submerged tits. 

Kati was choking and moaning underwater as she came fast and furious, pussy gripping my cock firmly. Her spasms took over and she felt my cock twitching and I cried out underwater that I was coming too! I was also drowning along with her!

Faster and harder we fucked each other, pushing each other to the heights of pleasure and then over the top even thought we both were all but drowning together.

She felt my load shooting into her and she came again and again, wave after wave of pleasure making her weak and causing her to release the last of her air. She had to get air soon – very soon! So did I!

I was almost passing out. I put my hands on the bottom of the tub on either side of her and lifted my head to the surface. Gasping I pushed my softening cock in her a few more times. I kept her under for another twenty seconds and at last, I pulled out and struggled to get her to the surface. We let the water wash across our bodies as we both gasped and coughed violently.  We both had inhaled a small amount of water and our bodies did not like it. Not at all.

"Are you relaxed now?" she gurgled as water sprayed out of her nose and mouth. 

"God yes! I feel like a piece of limp spaghetti," I choked back at her. She tilted her head and kissed my chin. I laced my fingers in hers and smiled. Her breathing deepened and she drifted off to sleep in my arms, wondering how I had gotten so lucky.

When she was sleeping deeply I held her and admired her. I pinched her nose very gently and she did not open her mouth to breathe. I held if for almost a half a minute a second time and had the same results. She was really sleeping deeply so I carefully let her sink below the surface as an experiment - she automatically stopped breathing even though her nose was not pinched. Amazing! 

She smiled in her sleep while underwater and I sank down beside her to kiss her gently on her cute forehead. We stayed under for about ten seconds and then I gently – so gently - pulled her face to the surface again. She automatically resumed breathing and I held her close. When her breathing was long and steady I timed it so that I could lower her under again on the top of her next breath. 

I kept her under this time for about fifteen seconds this time and then pulled her up as gently as before. I did not go under with her this time – I just watched her under the water sleeping on the bottom in my arms with her beautiful head in my lap.

I looked at my watch and pulled her up again. Again, she started breathing like nothing had happened. Judging from the fact that she could hold her breath when awake for several minutes, it made sense that ten or fifteen seconds was no big deal while sleeping. She snuggled against my stomach and her foot kicked like it does when you are just falling into a deep sleep.

I lowered her down again until just her face was an inch above the calm water's surface. She cooed in her sleep and was totally relaxed. I let her sink a fraction of an inch lower and the water lapped at her cheeks and touched the corners of her upturned nose. Letting her sink a tiny bit more had the water trickling into her pert nose. She snorted softly and I could feel her chest grow calm again as her breathing ceased.

Taking this as a sign, I lowered her fraction of an inch deeper so that the water completely covered her calm face. She was now underwater and holding her breath - but in her deep sleep. I kept her right there – right there and admired her pretty face under the waters smooth surface. I looked at my watch and determined that this time she would stay underwater for forty seconds or until she woke up.

Her arms floated freely at her sides and she sank lightly to the bottom of the tub. The surface grew calm. At forty seconds, I lovingly pulled her to the surface again and she opened her lips and breathed normally. Her sinuses were still full of water but she did not clear them or sneeze. She breathed deeply and calmly through her mouth. 

Waiting a minute - I let her sink again and this time I allowed her go all the way to the bottom right away so that that the back of her head rested in my lap. My limp cock curled in her hair and her face was now at least 24 inches underwater.

This time, I decided to keep her underwater for a minute (at least) and maybe up to a minute and a half if she would let me. It seemed to me that if she was sleeping she would be using less oxygen. On the other hand, she did not get the benefit of taking a deep breath before she went under. Well, it was an experiment... 

I watched her but no bubbles came up from her nose so I was confident that she was not drowning.

A minute is a long time and I had time to think. One thing I was thinking about was that I was probably not going to find out what happened to the drowning couple from her story tonight. Oh well, she could tell me next time. I was certain that there was going to be many next times.

At one minute – she was deep asleep. I let her stay a few second more – then I had an idea – what if I just left her underwater until she woke up? I would not let her drown – I just wanted to see how long she would stay under.

I looked at my watch and took a drink from my wine glass. This was going to take some time. Still asleep, Kati rested on the bottom of the tub in my arms. One minute became two and then three. Kati actually looked comfortable – too comfortable? I panicked and decided to bring her up again. I put my hands under her armpits and pulled her slowly to the surface. I tried not to wake her...

As her face broke the surface she started breathing through her mouth again still letting the water fill her sinuses and nostrils. She was deep asleep. I could not believe that she was this tired and this trusting. I liked experimenting with her so I let her catch her breath and prepared for the next test.

I let her sink down in the water again until her face was just breaking the surface. I held her there long enough until the water in the tub was glass still again. This time, I waited until she was breathing out and just starting to breathe in when I let her slip underwater again. This time I knew that she had very little air in her lungs. She could not last long.

With no air in her lungs – she sank to the bottom more rapidly this time. I held her head and looked down through the clear water at her tranquil face. I wondered what she was dreaming of. I let her stay underwater for almost a minute and then decided that she could make it another minute. At least I hoped so.

At two minutes – her eyes fluttered open and she looked up at the surface. She did not seem to be in distress but she did start to push her self to the surface. She came up in front of me and rested her head against my chest. She said, "Boy your heart is sure beating fast."

I told her that I had been playing with her by letting her sleep and then holding her underwater. She replied that she had done that many times at witch sleep-overs. She said that the length of time that she could stay underwater was between 3 and 6 minutes while sleeping. I was pleased that she was not mad at me. I asked her if she wanted to go back to sleep for a bit and she stretched and rolled back in my arms and looked up at me.

She told me that after she was deep asleep I could let her sink to the bottom again. She went on to explain that her sub-conscious that that was well trained would keep her from breathing and would alert her when she needed to come up for air again. She said that when she had a couple of her witch friends staying over night they would do all the other things that all girls do such as; playing truth or dare, running around in the nude, eating lots of ice cream, and playing underwater games.

One of the underwater games was called sleeping beauty. It involved filling the tub to the brim and then getting in one at a time and seeing who could go to sleep fastest floating on her back. Then the other girls would push the sleeping girl to the bottom until she was forced to wake up to get air. When they first started the game they could only get a few seconds before being awakened but eventually we all got up to over a minute.

Within a year the minute turned into two and then up to four. Last summer she got up to over seven minutes on one occasion!  

She yawned and stretched again. She said that she wanted to catch a little bit longer nap and the water was making her very sleepy. My cock was hard again and she guided it to her open pussy. I let her put me in her and pulled her butt up onto my lap. She yawned again and put her face back in the water and with a contented bubbling sigh sank back to the bottom with her cunt holding on the hard cock protruding up from my lap. She tried to sleep - or nap but my cock was ready for her.

She did not get much sleep - neither did I.

The end ... for now.