 In retrospect, it was probably the voice that was my downfall. He had a sexy rumble that seemed to come from the depths of his barrel chest. His slow drawl disarmed me. By the time I realized the devil was hiding in his dimples it was too late. I was already hooked. Weeks later and I find myself standing on his doorstep again.

The door opened. One corner of his mouth twisted up and something in that smile had the hair on the back of my neck standing on end. "Come in." The vibration of his deep voice seemed to hit my clit and I tried not to flinch. His smile broadened and I said a silent prayer of thanks that he couldn't know his effect on me. His hands slid down my arms as he took my coat. 

I expected him to hang the coat. Instead, he advanced on me as he threw the coat aside. I stepped back in surprise and he followed me. Before I could guess his intent he had one hand cupped behind my head and the other gripped my hip. He pulled me to him and nipped the sensitive junction of my neck and shoulder. I gasped and tipped up on my toes. He pressed me to him allowing the heat of his skin to sear me.

He lifted me and had me on my back on the couch before I realized what was happening. I moaned as he lifted my tits out of the top of my dress. He rolled my nipples between his fingers and I couldn't stop myself from arching into the harsh caress. He flipped my skirt up and slid between my thighs. "Yeah, baby." His husky whisper was another caress against my wet pussy. I felt his breath seconds before his tongue flicked over my clit. I was moaning, fighting not to writhe away from the pleasure he was inflicting on me. His tongue claimed me in one long stroke. Slowly, he repeated the torturous caress. I was trembling as I tried to hold my thighs open to the pleasure he was giving me.

He shifted and rolled me onto my stomach. He grabbed my hips and pulled my ass into the air. I tried to rise but his hand on my shoulders pinned me down. My face was buried in the pillow as he shifted himself against my upraised hips. He pressed his cock against my pussy and I whimpered into the pillow. He paused with his cock poised to claim me. "I'm going to fuck you now." I tried to rock back against him but he held me in place. "You're going to like what I do to you. You're going to scream for me, aren't you, little whore?"

I moaned and shook my head. His laugh was harsh. "Yes, you are. You aren't going to be able to stop yourself when I start to rock my cock into your body." He was stroking my pussy with his dick, rubbing my clit until I was squirming. "I'm going to fuck you hard enough to make your teeth rattle and you're going to beg for more."

That was the only warning he gave me before he sank his dick into me. He drove me forward hard and I felt his balls slap me. "Uh!" The force of his thrust drove a grunt out of me. "Yeah, baby. Feel me hit you deep." He did it as he said it and I couldn't stop myself. I made a small sound as he drove me forward. "Louder," he ordered. I had every intention of ignoring him until he grabbed my hips and pulled me back sharply as his dick hammered into me. He was fucking me hard. His cock was slamming into me and I couldn't stop the cries falling out of my mouth. With horror, I heard myself grunting with each rhythmic thrust of his cock. He was stretching me, fucking me ferociously and I felt the orgasm clawing towards my pussy. 

He withdrew his cock and I gave a cry of protest. He had me by the hair and was pressing my mouth down onto his dick. I tasted my own arousal as he pushed into my mouth. "Suck it, my little whore. Give it to me." I was slick, aching with the need to come. I sucked his cock desperately, needing him back inside of me. His hips rocked as he fucked my mouth with shallow thrusts. His hand slid down my back and his hand landed on my ass. I squealed around the cock in my mouth and he laughed. 

I bounced on the cushions as he threw me onto my back. He lifted my ankles onto his shoulders, tilting my hips up as he shoved his cock into me. "Ask for it," he demanded. "Fuck me!" I was feverish, my pussy was contracting around his invading cock. I felt my muscles begin to pulse as my orgasm rose. He gave a deep rumble of satisfaction at my capitulation and took me hard and fast. My back arched and I heard myself scream as his wide cock stretched me roughly and catapulted me into my orgasm. He slammed into me again and again as the orgasm wracked my body. My clit was pulsing and I felt my pussy sucking at his cock as he gave me what I needed. He grabbed me and pulled me tight against him as I felt him splash inside of me. I moaned and he let my legs fall. I tried to shift and he held me in place. "Stay there. I want to fall asleep inside you." I was too tired to protest. I let my thighs drop open and I dozed with his heavy weight on top of me and his thick cock inside me. I had sweet dreams.