 Chapter 01: Escaping Misery

Moving in with Chris was meant to be a fresh start for us both. Things had not been well between us for a long time. We'd been together two years and the problem was his drinking.

He'd always liked his beer and wine - and I had too when we'd first met. Well, I'd been 20 then. It's just that, as all our friends grew older and settled into relationships, Chris, then 26, didn't seem to want to do anything. Even when I was pregnant, he'd leave me alone at home so he could go out drinking with his mates. That's when I realized just what alcohol meant to him. Yet I was afraid to broach the subject with Chris. I was afraid he was an alcoholic, and loved the booze more than he loved me.

But eventually we reached crisis point. I discovered we were behind with the rental payments on our house and were about to be evicted. Chris was a self-employed builder and was taking care of the rent, so I thought, so I'd no idea he'd missed three months payments. He'd used the money on drink and gambling. I was afraid too that he was cheating on me. I had lost our baby and had not felt much like intimacy. 

I went mad, and only stayed with him because he was so sorry. He practically camped outside the estate agents, waiting for an affordable home to appear on the market. Eventually he found a house that he intended to buy for us. It wasn't much, and needed a lot of work, but we were in no position to be choosy. 

Chris felt so bad that he persuaded a work apprentice, James, to help decorate. I was pleased Chris wanted to redeem himself so badly, and didn't mind having James around the house. He was so easy on the eye!

He was really tall, about 6ft 4in, but not self-conscious like some big men, despite being only 18. I really appreciated him giving up his weekend to help us out. So I made them both a coffee as Chris and James got stuck into painting the living room. 

By lunchtime, Chris was declaring it 'thirsty work' and opened the first of many beers. Naturally, James had some too, but he just sipped at his. Chris must have drunk three for every one James had. 

I spent the afternoon keeping out of the way. It was a lovely day, so had put on my two piece bikini and spent the afternoon sunning myself in the garden. For the first time in months I was feeling sexy again. My figure had returned, and the bikini accentuated my womanly curves. The warm sun on my skin and the scent of sun tan lotion had got me feeling really horny. 

By evening time Chris was crashed out on the sofa. James look embarrassed for me. 

"I tried to tell him to slow down" he said. James seemed to know how difficult this was for me. He was obviously a really sensitive guy.

"How do you put up with it?" he asked suddenly, and I realized I was about to step over a line. To talk about my problems would be disloyal. If I answered, I'd be taking sides. But turning to look at Chris, snoring on the sofa, I wondered how long it would be before his drinking wrecked this fresh start.

"I can't stand it," I told James truthfully. 

"So why do you stay?" he asked. I didn't want to answer that.

"Would you like a coffee?" I offered instead. 

We went to the kitchen, leaving Chris passed out in the living room. As I started pulling mugs from a cupboard, James came and stood beside me. Too close. But I didn't move away.

"I think Chris is an idiot," he whispered. "If you were mine, it would be no contest. I'd never fall asleep on you."

I couldn't speak. Something was coming. It hung in the air, ready to close in. A kiss.

It started so gently. But then, with a shock of guilt, I realized what I was doing - I was kissing James, with 

Chris just a room away...

I reached up and pulled James tight in against me. I wanted him- but it needed to be fast. He understood, and without a word planted his hands on my waist and lifted me up onto the kitchen table. 

Without breaking the kiss he pulled my bare legs apart then yanked down my bikini top to half - expose my shaking breasts. Then James pulled my bikini bottoms aside and his is fingers were inside me. It felt heavenly. As I rocked my hips against his hand he pulled my body toward him, his other hand forceful at the small of my back. 

His tongue rolled inside my mouth and I moaned silently. Eagerly, he ripped the upper part of my bikini away, leaving my breasts fully exposed. My nipples were already rigid, but at the touch of his fingers they became even harder. I cried out, wanting to explode!

James placed his lips to my breasts, nuzzling them at first, then kissing them. I hung my head back in pleasure, but my chest remained still, yielding to his demands. He again tore at my bikini, exposing my tan lines and my yearning sex. I lay back on the table and his head descended . His tongue, lubricated by my own saliva, was thrust between my legs. I moaned again, louder now, but afraid we would be discovered, I pulled James toward me. I was desperate to come and wanted him inside me.

Up close, I could smell my passion on his face. I groped at his groin and felt his member, lovely and hard, wanting to escape from his jeans. I began rubbing the outline of his penis and helped him free by unzipping him and pulling his jeans down.

He penetrated me easy, like a knife in warm butter, and our fluids mingled. James machine-gunned several sharp thrusts, and magically I seized the very pleasure I thought no man could ever give me, the pleasure that I alone was able to procure myself. I felt spasms everywhere, in my sex, my arms, my breasts as I had the best orgasm I'd had in years. My whole body was electrified. Then James, sweating and thrusting above me, made a passionate groan and discharged his sweet semen inside me. 

And that's how we made love. I was terrified Chris would come in any minute, but he didn't. We had got away with it.

"We should do that again soon," James smirked. But that wasn't the answer. As incredible as the sex had been - dangerous, erotic - it had finally cleared my head. So the next day I packed my things and left Chris.

He was devastated, but I knew he would be OK. He had his beer to console him. 

James heard what had happened and wasted no time in coming to see me. We romped a couple more times but I had decided I wanted to be on my own for a while. 

Two years on and I never see Chris or James anymore, but I'll always be grateful to James for showing me that I didn't have to settle for second best. That, and for restoring my libido!