 The smell of sandalwood fills each breath as they come quicker now. Feeling his fingers teasing my nipples, his hands kneading my breasts, sliding warm, strong over my body. The oil warm, slippery against my skin as he rubs the fragrance into my being.

I open my eyes slightly, smiling up at him. Flickering shadows highlighting the strong set of his jaw, the angular cut of his cheek, the flame in his brilliant blue eyes. His lips parted ever so slightly, sparkling wet as his tongue caresses his bright white teeth, subconsciously anticipating the tastes, sensations we will share. His long, muscular arms reaching down to touch me. His broad chest glistening in the candle light, muscles moving, shadows dancing. His own nipples as taut as mine. God, he is beautiful.

His fingers dance over my chest, leaving my nipples straining for the feel of his strong fingers, his sharp nails. Trailing up my neck, slipping lightly across my lips, I taste them. They smell of scented oil and taste like toasted coconut mixed with my own musky secretions.

I close my eyes again and surrender to my other senses. I hear his breathing in cadence with mine. Smell his sweet breath each time my breasts rise, straining to feel his searing skin against my nipples. Feel the touch of his fingers drawing my excitement to the surface, the strength of his thighs now straddling my ribs, the heat from his ass across my hips, the weight of his balls on my mons.

With each breath my stomach lifts, and his balls press hot against my skin. A trickle of sweaty oil dribbles down my breast bone, tickling my skin as it slides down my belly and pools in my navel.

My own hands caress his powerful legs, feeling them ripple beneath my touch as he shifts position just so. My fingertips grip his ass, slide around his hips up his stomach, then down. 

His cock between my fingers. Its skin so hot, so smooth, so tight. The oil on my palms mixing with the hint of come seeping from its crown as my thumb brushes over the tip. His cock reacts, growing slightly and pulling back towards his stomach as his body shudders and his thighs flex, pinning me tightly beneath him.

A low purring moan escapes his lips.

I open my eyes and whisper.

"Do it now."

He smiles. His eyes dance in the candlelight.

I feel his weight shift as his hands slide past my shoulders, pressing into the bed either side of my head. I turn my head and taste the salt on the sensitive skin inside his wrist. 

He leans forward and I feel his raging cock hang down, glancing off my stomach, a long bead of pre come sticking there then drawing out like a spider's silky web, stringing up my chest as his powerful legs uncoil sliding his body higher.

My own fingers on my nipples, pulling, twisting. My palms lifting my breasts, pressing them together, I feel him there.

His cock, hot, hard between my tits.

He moans. 

I feel him start to move. His cock sliding against my breast bone, slick with oil and sweat. Tiny hairs on his stomach dragging against my nipples as his weight flattens them between us.

It is so animal.

So dominating.

So submissive.

I am completely overwhelmed by him now.

The sandalwood drifts away as his scent fills me. My lips press wetly against his stomach as it slides past so close to my face. I watch droplets of his sweat sliding down his body, hanging from his stomach, hovering over me. Salty. Searing my eyes.  

His weight hangs over me, pressing me down. His penis trapped against me. His balls hairy against my stomach, touching the bottom of my breasts with each stroke.

Faster now, I hear his breathing quicken.

Somewhere above me I know his face is twisted into that wonderful grimace of pleasure I love so much.

Feeling him against me, the tunnel between my breasts growing slicker as more come coats his shaft, lubricating my sternum, I feel the pressure building within my own loins.

As he pounds wildly against me, I let one hand slip down, finding my own wetness, mimicking his moans, his moves, his quickening pulse. One free breast slips away, allowing his hip closer to me, his penis harder against my chest. I imagine it becomes harder to breathe, yet I know it's my own excitement driving my chest upwards against him as powerfully as his bucking hips compress me.

He cries.

A shudder. A sudden thrust against me and I feel the searing strike of his come against my throat. Again. Again.

His pistoning slows as his cock starts to slide more freely, bathed in come, across my chest. I feel the head slipping sideways, against my nipple. His weight slowing against me, easing down, drawing the wetness down towards my fingers.

Just in time.

And then.

I follow.