 I smile at myself in the mirror after I finish applying my bright red lipstick. I look good, and I'm going to drive you nuts tonight.

My smile grows as my eyes slide down my body. I'm wearing a black dress with a low-cut v-neck showing off my full, round breasts. It ties at the waist, then flares back out again to flatter my hips and ass, hitting just below my knee. I check to make sure the seam up the back of my old-fashioned stockings is straight, and admire the curve of my calf above my trim ankle in my black kitten heels. My wavy red hair flows long and unruly halfway down my back.

You walk into the room, smiling to see me checking myself out in the full length mirror. "You look decent," you tease, your eyes twinkling. You look like you've stepped out of a black and white movie, with your crisp white shirt bright under your black suit coat. I grab my purse and we go, you driving us to the sushi restaurant. We both eat lightly and limit our wine, shooting naughty glances at each other out of the corners of our eyes. 

After we're done eating, I go to the ladies room to reapply my lipstick and fix my hair. While I'm in there, I slip out of my lacy black panties, holding them discreetly in my hand as I head back to the table. Once there, I slide an arm around you and nibble your ear while dropping my panties into your suit coat. Being subtle gets you nowhere.

A few minutes later, you notice it and, puzzled, pull it out, frowning as I grin at you. You figure out what that little wisp of fabric is, and give me a smoldering glance as we wait for the waiter to return your credit card. "You're in trouble now..." you mutter. I grin.

You drive us back to our apartment, then hand me the keys to unlock the front door. Moving my hair out of the way, you lean down and start kissing my neck, gently grinding your cock into my back, and I drop the keys. I bend over to pick them up as you chuckle.

The minute we get inside, you're on me, pulling my purse off, throwing your jacket on the floor as you kiss me. I moan and press up against you as you back me up to the dining room table. Grabbing my ass, you boost me onto the edge, and slide your hand up under my skirt to brush against my pussy.

"You're wet for me already..." you moan, and waste no time in finding my clit and rubbing it in little circles with one hand as you push your head down into my cleavage and shove my dress and bra out of the way to suck on first one hard pink nipple, then the other.

I'm moaning, holding your head in place on my breast, grinding against your hand on my clit, feeling myself getting close to the orgasm I'd been working up to all night. You chuckle. "Oh, you're not cumming yet," and pull away, laughing at my pout.

"Get down off that table and kneel." I do what you tell me, getting down on my knees in front of you, my v-neck dress and bra pulled down to expose my breasts still. Smirking, you look down at me as you start to unbuckle your belt. You pull your cock out and add, "I think you know what to do from here..." And I do. I lean forward to run my tongue down the underside of your cock, then flick it over the head to taste your precum, before wrapping my hand around you and stroking, looking up at you as I slide my mouth up and down your shaft.

You moan, louder, wrapping your hand around my hair to guide me to suck your cock faster, thrusting deep into my mouth. "I love that beautiful mouth wrapped around my dick."

You then pull me to my feet. "Turn around for me." I do what you tell me, facing away from you, my pussy dripping wet. "Now bend over and flip that little skirt up for me."

You moan a little back in your throat, seeing my garter belt holding up my stockings. I know how you like your sexy lingerie. I lean against the table, the surface cold on my exposed breasts. Your pants hit the floor and you slide your big cock inside of me, quick and hard. I gasp and start panting as you set the pace, slamming into me again and again. I hear our flesh slapping together as you grab my hips and pull me back to meet each stroke.

"Are you going to cum for me? Are you going to cum on my big cock?" You grind against me, your hand reaching down between my legs to rub my clit.

I start to shake and quiver as my orgasm slams into me, grateful for the table holding me up. You groan and thrust inside of me hard as you shoot inside of me.

As you pull out, you chuckle and pat my ass. "I like that dress."

"Me too," I giggle.