 My name is Greg and it was my wedding day, the day that I had long looked forward to and dreaded. The reasons for dread and longing were the same, it would be the first time that my future wife, June, and I would make love. I am no virgin. I was involved with my fair share of girls in high school and college, but after I met June I quickly changed my ways. However, luckily for the both of us, our wedding night would not be her first time either. But she had only been with one man before choosing abstinence till her wedding night. This made tonight a big night. It could be the culmination of the greatest day of my life or be very disappointing. What if we weren't sexually compatible? But I respected her wishes even if I didn't agree with them, figuring and hoping that she would be worth the wait. 

June and I had been dating for six months when I popped the question. I just couldn't wait any longer, not only because I loved her but since I just could not go on without sex much longer. I could've gone insane if she said 'no' and 'we need to be together longer to see if we will really last!' I thank God everyday for the reply June gave me. 

There were two things that made me really fear our possible lack of a sexual connection. June was a blonde and I had always found brunettes much more attractive, but she won me over with her personality and fit body with good looks. The other is that her body is too fit. She is deficient in breast size, an A cup, and I am a breast man. The best sexual experiences of my life were with big-breasted girls. They just got me off with their tits alone. I loved burying my face into a pair of large tits. And now it seemed as though I would never experience that again. But I love June and that's all I need… I hope. 

'Here Comes the Bride' was being played of course as June was escorted down the aisle by her father towards me. I tried keeping my eyes on her, but it came with great difficulty. June's maid of honor, Summer, had the most perfect set of big breasts I had ever seen in a formal dress. June had made the mistake of letting the bridesmaids pick out their own dresses as long as they matched. The dresses were pink, and they looked more like prom dresses on them with the amount of skin they or lack there of the dresses actually covered. 

Summer's dress showed the most skin since her tits created a large valley of cleavage even as the rest of the dress clung tightly to her slim hourglass figure. She had the dresses fabric cling tightly to the undersides of her DD breasts, like the tight t-shirts I saw girls wear in high school so that boys could see the full shape of their tits. It was the first time that I had met her or even seen her. We introduced ourselves before the ceremony, but she wasn't wearing her dress yet. Summer had her black hair done up nicely above most of her head.

As June walked down the aisle closer and closer to me, about to cement our bond, I couldn't help but think of how it had been taken this long for Summer and I to meet. After all, Summer is June's best friend. 

It was a short story. June and Summer were best friends in college. June was dating the man that had taken her virginity. Suspicions began to amount in June that Summer was fucking her boyfriend. When a light quantity of evidence presented itself to June, she ended her relationship with her boyfriend and Summer. This was part of the reason that she went abstinent. 

It was two weeks before the wedding when June decided that she had judged too quickly on her former best friend, deciding that she had not been sleeping with her boyfriend so long ago and that it was time to make amends. She reached Summer, they met up and have been nearly inseparable since. 

June finally got up to me and smiled even bigger. The pastor went through the service and we both said out 'I dos.' After I kissed my wife to seal the deal, I opened my eyes. Summer was smiling as expected, but she winked at me. That was confusing to say the least. 

A couple hours later we were at the reception. It was a nice dance hall in a hotel that June's parents had paid for. I loved that rule, if a girl wants a dream wedding, then her family has got to pay for it. It made me not want to have a daughter. Everything was going as I had expected. June thanked me for making her dreams come true after we had our dance. 

Now here came the problem, I kept stealing glances at Summer's chest. She was beautiful as well, better looking than my wife. Summer caught me looking at her, smiled and winked at me again! Was she flirting with me? I was doing what I thought was harmless, staring at a pretty creature that I had never seen before. I never had the intention of taking it beyond that. I had only been married two hours and already my first thought of infidelity had crossed my mind. I just turned away however and thought of tonight, my wedding night. But then all I could think of was June's deficiency in breast size and Summer's exquisite pair. Before I knew it, I had a hard-on. And it wasn't for my wife.

My best man, Al, leaned over and whispered in my ear "Dude, is that Summer chick available?" 

"I don't know." I replied in honesty.

"Can you ask June for me? Her maid of honor is so hot! Would you just look at those tits?" he always did this, mess with me; make me look at another woman, even on my wedding day. Al loved to mess with as I did to him all the time as well. But we were best friends, so we were aloud kid each other. But his kidding was getting to me, because of him; I couldn't look at her anymore. Hey, wait a minute, maybe she wasn't winking at me at all. Al was right behind me at the ceremony and next to me now. Phew! I thought I didn't want to have to figure that one out so I was relieved. 

"Well, it will have to wait." I replied. June was dancing with her dad and I wasn't about to interrupt that for anything. 

"I see… Nope, can't wait. I'll find out for myself." Al got up from his seat and wandered over to where Summer was sitting. I could see them exchange pleasantries again. I assumed that the two had met before the wedding. I saw Summer smile to whatever Al had said to her. At that very moment I felt a small tinge of jealousy run through my veins, as if I wanted Summer's attention on me. I suddenly found myself wishing that I had been the one she was winking at. He walked away from her, but away from me as well. They seemed to be on good terms. 

Flash! Summer was looking at me, again! And there was no mistaking it this time. My wife's best friend winked at me, now for the third time at my own wedding. My hard-on grew to half stiffness. Summer smiled at me; as if she knew the effect she was having on me and was really enjoying it. 

Everyone else was on the dance floor, Summer and I each had our tables to ourselves. No one was looking or else they would have seen Summer drop an ice cube down the valley of her tits while licking her lips, and it all seemed to be for me, her best friend's husband. 

I turned away. This couldn't be happening! My wife's maid of honor was trying to seduce me or she was at least playing a sick joke on me. A million thoughts ran through my head. The two biggest and longest lasting were that I had cheated on a couple of girlfriends in my past, in fact the girls that I fucked behind their backs were the big breasted ones that I had the best sex of my life with. My stiffness increased as the second thought provided the most lasting images. Summer's breasts popped into my mind over and over again. I pictured her flashing me right now, saw her cupping her tits and tweaking her nipples, and then I imagined my face buried in her tits, sucking and licking all over them while she was riding my hard cock with her tight pussy. I had the hard-on of my life and I felt like I had to do something about it. 

I stood up, taking one last glance at Summer. Her eyes went straight to my crotch. It was a moment when I really hated being so well endowed, 9 inches and thick. The maid of honor could see the outline of my dick through my tux pants. She licked her lips again. What the hell was going on here? I had to get out of here before it got out of hand. Looking over at June, she was still dancing with her father and there seemed to be a line of people in wait for her. My wife has three brother and a couple close guy friends. She would be occupied for a while. Good, this would be my chance to be alone, maybe relieve myself of my present condition. 

I walked towards the hotel dance hall's private restroom. I was carrying one of the two keys needed to get in. I used my own to get in nodding my head to the bathroom attendant who was actually standing outside the door. He had the other key to the unisex bathroom. 

"Is there anyone else in here?" I asked him, expecting he would know.

"No one else is in there, Sir." He replied.

"Thanks." I said while entering. I went in and quickly turned on the water to one of the sinks and splashed my face lightly with water. Looking at myself in the mirror, I couldn't understand what was wrong with me. How could I be fantasizing about my wife's maid of honor at our wedding? Well, I guess it is only natural I think about Summer, not only because of her huge tits, but since she seemed to be enticing me for whatever reason. I realized that I needed to sit down and maybe get rid of my hard-on in the stall. Yea, that would take care of it! I wouldn't give Summer another thought and I would recuperate enough to give it good to my wife, June, for our first time tonight. This is what Summer's body had driven me to, making me waste my much of my pent up sexual energy before my wedding night. 

I closed the stall door, locking it, and sat down. I decided to wait a minute before I did the dirty deed. Maybe I could will myself out of this massive hard-on. I was there for a minute and was just about to give up and jerk off when I heard the bathroom door open. Damn! Just when… oh well. The sound of heels on the tiles caught more of my attention. It was a female, which made sense since this is a unisex restroom. 

"Greg?" Holy shit! That sounded like Summer's voice. Yes I recognized it already. "It's me, Summer… the maid of honor." 

"Yea… what's up?" What the hell was she doing here? Well, I guess when you gotta go you gotta go. But I quickly found out that she wasn't here to use the restroom.

"I saw you get up and leave… Is there something wrong?" she asked through the stall.

"No, I just needed to go real bad that's all." I said hoping she would leave.

She lowered her head down to look at my feet. Shit! "Then why are your pants still on?" she inquired. Fuck! 

"I just hadn't gotten to it yet."

"You've been in here ten minutes." Fuck me! Had I really been in here that long? "Look I know something is wrong. Call it more than female intuition. I know you're decent in there. Let me in so we can talk. I don't like this… this tension between us."

Huh? "What tension?" I asked. What the hell was Summer talking about? I kept wishing she would leave. But I sensed that she was here for another reason, like she wanted to do more than just talk. For that reason, I opened a back door in my mind that maybe I should let her in the stall.

"Well, there's some nerves between us. Just let me in." she pleaded.

"I don't think us in a bathroom stall together would look too good. What if someone else walks in?" I rationalized. If this did go somewhere, I wasn't going to be this stupid about it.

"No one else can come in. You and I have the only sets of keys… See?" she lowered her hand into the stall. Summer was holding the only other set. 

"The guy outside gave that to you?"

"I used my powers of… persuasion. Don't worry about a line forming. There is another bathroom on the other side. The door man said he'd open it. He thinks you and I are best friends… at least that is what I led him to believe. He thinks you're having post ceremony issues… Are you?" I froze. What was I going to do? There seemed to be no escape. I would have to confront her. Make some story up and get her to leave. "Please let me in." 

I knew I should stay seated to better conceal my hard-on so I reached over and unlocked the stall door. Summer pushed the door open completely and stepped inside. Damn she is sexy! She turned her back to me and locked the door, giving me a nice view of her tight round ass in her bridesmaids dress. She turned back around and smiled at me. It took all my strength to look at her pretty face and avoid looking at her big tits. 

"Well?" she asked. 

"Well what?" Don't look at her tits! 

"Are you gonna fuck me, or what?" she smiled wickedly. 

"Excuse me?" I said. I couldn't believe this was happening. How could I have let myself get into this position and on my wedding day?

"Are. You. Going. To. FUCK. Me?" she put her hands on her hips. I couldn't think straight. This was wrong, very wrong. I couldn't dare fuck my wife's maid of honor on our wedding day, could I? I had to stop thinking like this. It was dark territory, stormy waters. Nothing good could come of it, except the hottest pussy and body I had ever had. No… shit! I am in big trouble now. 

"I think you should leave." I said. But I was becoming more and more conflicted. 

"And I think that we should fuck!... Come on, look at me… You may not get another opportunity to fuck this body. We both know you want to." She bent over and I got an even better look at her tits. "Look at my tits, Greg. I know you want them." My dick got even harder. 

"Summer… we can't do this… you are my wife's best friend. June would be devastated." I wished she would listen. But then again, I didn't.

"What she doesn't know can't hurt her. I was fucking her old boyfriend for the majority of their relationship before he fucked up and left my panties lying around. But you are smarter than that. I can tell that we will be fucking for a very long time." She smiled and moved closer to me. 

She did fuck June's boyfriend. Summer was some kind of evil, wicked and naughty slut. And I was really beginning to think of her as my slut. 

"I loved fucking my best friend's boyfriend behind her back and I love the thought of fucking her husband even more… It makes me feel like a dirty slut. And I love being a slut… Would you like me to be your dirty slut?" she asked in a little girl voice. 


I was speechless. What could I say? I was mesmerized. All I could do now was staring at her body, mostly her big breasts. 

"I think you have seen enough of my titties… How bout you take a gander at my pussy?" Summer pulled her pink dress up her thighs until her bare cunt was in front of me. She really was some kind of slut to not wear underwear to a wedding, but I guess that was redundant considering she was trying to fuck the married groom, me. "Whip your cock out for me, baby… I hear you've got a big fat cock and we don't have much time."

I knew it was now or never. If I turned her down she would probably never offer her body to me again and I could be regretting it for the rest of my life… We really didn't have much time… 

"Greg… Take your dick out. It's time to fuck!" she dipped a finger into her burning snatch full of desire. 

"I am married to June. I love my wife…" I reasoned with myself. "It's our wedding day… for crying out loud!" What is wrong with me? I felt like crying. I knew which path I was heading down. 

"I know you want to fuck me, Greg. It's written all over your face and especially here…" she grabbed my hard penis. "On your cock… You want to fuck me! You should fuck me. Let's forget who we are today and fuck our brains out!" 

"My God… Summer no! I am married to June! She is your best friend!" but I didn't push her away. I couldn't feel my arms, I couldn't feel my legs, and they were jelly now. All I could feel was my cock stiffening even more from her touch. 

"June hasn't even slept with you yet. She is a woman who does not know how to care for her man. I know how to care for you. I know what you want." She leaned in close to him and whispered. 

"I can't do this to her… I can't betray my wife like this, especially with her best friend!" I pleaded that she stops. I was trying to reason with myself, trying to get my cock to go down. But it was obvious now, it was useless. I was putty in the maid of honor's hands. Summer didn't listen to my last plea and pulled the crotch of my tux pants apart. She then pulled my cock out through my boxers.

"June wasn't kidding! You have a magnificent cock. How she resisted fucking this I'll never know… Fuck the foreplay! I've got to have this monster inside me now!" Summer turned around and lined my cock head up to the steamy entrance to her slutty cunt. As it brushed against her vaginal lips my last shred of decency came out of my mouth.

"Summer, I think we shouldn't do…" she reached back and put her finger to my lips.

"Don't think, baby. Just feel…" she sank down on me, her pussy immediately taking all my nine inches inside to the hilt. "…my cunt wrapped around your… HUGE… MARRIED… COCK! OH YESSS!" Summer immediately began bouncing on my cock before I could even think of objecting. 

"Oh SHIT!... Damn!... Summer… ugh… ohhhhh… we've… GOT TO… oh fuck… to stop! Fuck you are tight!" I tried to get her to stop. I had to try. But the feel of her tight cunt milking my massive meat was overwhelming. I put my hands on her hips to help us in our fucking rhythm. I started to pound up into her. 

"There you go, Greg! That's it!... FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARDER! UGH… UGH… UGH… OHHHHH…. UGH… FUCK ME BABY! FUCK ME HARDER THAN YOU WILL FUCK JUNE TONIGHT!" Her large breasts bounced as much as they could in her tight fitted dress. She slowed the pace a little and leaned back on my shoulder. Her hand caressed my cheek. "I love the feel of your big cock inside my cunt… Don't you? It's okay love… you don't have to speak. Let your dirty slut take control." 

Love wasn't the word that came to my mind in this fuck session. Summer rotated her hips on my prick. Feeling my cock move around inside her deep pussy was a new experience. Summer was indeed an expert when it came to sex. I thought then how June would certainly be lacking tonight, if I made it to tonight. "OH FUCK!" I yelled lightly. She clenched my cock like a vise. 

"Feel that my love? June can't do that for you… only I, her best friend and maid of honor can give you such pleasure. I'm gonna steal her husband's cock and cum just like I stole her boyfriend's… Come on, fuck me harder… HARDER! RAM THAT BIG COCK OF YOURS INTO YOUR WIFE'S BEST FRIEND!" Summer egged me on. Her words made me want her even more, much to my own disgust. 

I thrusted up into her fiery snatch with renewed vigor. My cock seemed to pulsate inside her and grow even larger. "OH FUCK! Summer your cunt is so tight!" This was the greatest sexual experience of my life. 

Summer continued to bounce on my lap and hard dick, her hands on her thighs, and head held straight, she concentrated on fucking me and bringing both of us to climax. My grunts and her moans grew louder and louder. I began to worry about someone hearing us, so I slowed the pace. "Why slow down, baby? I know you want to cum inside me. Fill my hot cunt full of your sperm… Tell me, lover… do you want to fill my pussy with your sperm?" Summer squeezed my cock with her cunt muscles again. 

"YES! OH GOD YES!" I cried. I needed to shoot my wad inside my wife's best friend. I wanted to cement my betrayal. Succumbing to this evil yet hotter than hot creature was a great feeling that I did not want to go away. But I needed to cum. "I'm gonna cum! I'M GONNA CUM INSIDE YOU! OH FUCK!" I blasted off inside her, entering another world, full of debauchery and infidelity all with my wife's best friend, Summer. 

"OHHH YESSSSSSS! GOOD BOY!" Summer came on my cock while I shot jet after jet of hot sticky cum into the depths of the maid of honor's womb. Summer settled down on my lap. As the cum startled to leak out of her pussy onto my still hard cock she stood up. My dick left her pussy with a loud plopping sound. I could see her juices and most of my sperm begin to trickle down her legs as she dropped her pink bridesmaids dress down to her ankles once more, covering our indecent and amoral act. 
