 He was on the bed; she was sitting across from him, on the couch. In the filtered light coming in from the cheap motel room curtains, they both sat staring at each other in astonishment…

They had met earlier at the same commencement meeting for the conference they were both attending. She saw him from across the room and recognized the tingle in her stomach that told her he would be the sure cure for her dry spell.

She walked up to him, smiled and grabbed his hand and led him into a darkened corner of the banquet room. She took a piece of ice from his glass and gave it to him, opening her jacket she guided his hand to her left breast, melting the ice against her nipple, at the same time giving his now hard cock a squeeze. They looked at each other searchingly and without words he pulled out his room key, she looked at the number on the key as if to memorize it and put the key back into his pocket. She smiled and turned to walk away knowing that he was staring after her, leaving him confused and curious but definitely titillated by the experience.

~~~~~

Later that evening as he was sitting having a drink on the companies tab, his phone rang. It was her, telling him to take a cab to a motel about 15 minutes away and to leave as soon as possible.

He grabbed his coat and his keys and ran out the door, where the doorman caught him a cab right away.

~~~~~

She opened the door to the room after paying the greasy haired gawking old man in the office to keep the room the whole night. She put her bag down and lit a cigarette, placing a jewel engraved lighter on the bedside table. She sat on the bed and picked up the phone dialling the hotel she just so recently left and asked for his room. He answered on the first ring and just knowing it was her, she quickly gave him directions and told him to leave and to come now.

~~~~~~

She went into the bathroom and undressed leaving only her black lace underwear and high heels on. By the time she had given her hair a quick brush through and put on more lipstick and dabbed a little more perfume she heard a knock at the door.

Calling out that the door was open she turned off the bathroom light and walked into the room. He walked in and saw her and sucked in his breath. His eyes glued to the fine contours of her body, who would ever have guessed that they made women this way, or that sexy underwear could look so insignificant in comparison.

She walked over to him and undid his tie, sliding his jacket from his shoulders and unbuttoned his shirt. She ran her hands over his chest, up over his shoulders and threw his hair. He reached out to touch her but she only stepped out of his reach saying no, sending him the message that she was in control and calling all the shots. 

Knowing that he had got the message she walked back close to him and undid his belt and unzipped his pants. She pulled down his pants and shorts and as he steeped out of them she looked up and gazed at his hard cock, unable to take her eyes off it, standing straight up in the air just for her, impatiently awaiting her attentions.

Still not letting him touch her, she reached for his penis and gently sliding her hands up and down its length saying a silent oath of thanks, she slipped her lips around its head. Gently sucking him slowly in and out of her mouth. He could not handle the feel of her hot wet mouth any longer without touching her. He lifted her up from her knees and ripped her skimpy lingerie off her body. Amazed at how even this underwear could hide the wonders of this body, he glorified in her sweetly scented skin. Now naked he really could not take his eyes off of her, Her large breasts, and rounded hips and gently curving stomach, as he looked further he gasped to see her clean shaven pussy. Not able to resist the bald invitation he went to his knees and inhaling her sweet wet scent, he gently pulled her sopping lips apart revealing her engorged clit. Licking her from ass to clit ever so slowly in one long lick, then going back again for more before finally sticking his tongue deeply into her vagina. Luxuriating in her sweet salty taste, his sense overwhelmed he did not notice that she was taking them towards the bed, where she lay on her back, her head hanging over the edge just to reach his poor ignored dick. Her mouth invited his penis and she lathed and sucked ever so seductively, as he licked, delved and sucked his way into her vagina. Both of them going on this way until, their mouths full until they could handle it no more and sucked and moaned their way to climax.

The juices running from their mouths and sweat pouring from their bodies she crawled out from beneath him and got up leaving him lying half on the bed and walked over to the couch.

Her breath still coming in small gasps she sat down for a moment, they stared at each other in wide-eyed bewilderment.

Still not saying anything she notices that he is staring between her wide-open legs and that once again his penis is starting to harden. She walks over to where she had left her bag on the floor beside the bed. From it she takes 8 lengths of leather, two ankle cuffs and two wrist cuffs, each of which has small metal rings attached to the leather as well as metal buckles.

Laying him back on the bed, she grabs his wrists and raising them over his head she places two of the cuffs around them and ties them together with two of the leather ties. Moving down his body with her roving hands giving his cock a tight squeeze on the way by she grabs his ankles, places the cuffs around them and ties them together. Using two more of the leather cords she ties his hands to one corner of the bed and his feet on the opposites corner, leaving him stretched across the bed diagonally. Placing a pillow under his head and turning his face towards the couch, she goes over to the couch, sits and admires the little display of desire that she just created.

Admiring his now very rigid cock, standing straight up towards the ceiling, with a little sheen of pre-cum around its little opening. Looking at him, she could not help but touch herself. Grasping her nipples she pulled at them gently, lifting one breast to her mouth, she stretches out her tongue to suck her nipple. After giving her left nipple a good lathing she switches to her right nipple all the while his eyes are watching her devouring her every move. Squeezing her breasts together, rubbing and kneading them, teasing herself trying to outwait her temptation for her hands and fingers to roam further, teasing both of them now, watching his cock bob with her every movement.

Slowly letting go of her breasts she slides her hands down over her hips across her stomach, moving down to knead her thighs, circling her hands until she reaches her labia. Using one hand to spread her lips wide she looks up to see his face and she shows him her naked self, and to make sure he was getting a good view of her dripping wet pussy. She slowly begins to massage her clit, smoothing her fingers over her soft silken skin of her bald labia. Then quickly thrusting her fingers inside and up her vagina, relishing in the wet sounds and sensation.

Getting up and going into her bag again she grabs a nice size vibrator out and moves back over to the couch. Spreading her legs wide she turns the switch to on and puts the vibrating tip to her quivering clit. Gasping and moaning now watching the vibe on her clit and the tortured naked man upon the bed, who is straining at his restrictions, his cock now an angry purple looking about to explode with need.

Unable to stand it anymore she goes over to him and lifts her breasts to his mouth, letting him suck some of his desperate need out on her nipples. She moves over him and sits up to straddle his face, with her legs spread; her pussy lips once again wide open for his close inspection. She gently massages her vagina, watching her juices drip onto his dry parched lips. Having enough of this she grabs a condom from the nightstand and moves to slowly roll it onto his penis. Moving to straddle his hips, she slowly sinks down onto his cock, both of them now so close to coming it was almost painful to be this turned on. She sets a rhythm up and down, fast then slow then fast again. Then keeping up a fast pace, exhilarating in the full feel of him, how he feels so hot and hard and big within her. Her thighs straining with the effort up and down she rides, then she feels his cock get even bigger inside her and knows that he is about to come, she starts to come as well, she is coming so hard she feels as though she is about to blackout. She feels his cock straining to lose its load inside of her, which sets her off again, coming until she collapse down upon him. 

Both of them wake up a short while later still in the same postions. She raises herself up and smiles down at him, as she undoes his restraints. As he sits up and rubs his wrists she picks up his clothes and lays them along side him on the bed. Picking up her things she goes into the bathroom.

When she comes out, as expected, he is gone, looking out the door she sees that the sky was beginning to grey with the dawn. Rushing down the stairs she rushes to catch a cab.

Arriving back at the hotel, still amazed at the previous evenings experiences, undressing and getting into the shower he rehashes the night event by event, getting semi hard all over again. Drying himself he wonders if he will ever see her again and for that matter what her name was, then remembers that he had to get downstairs for the keynote speaker's address, (a Corey somebody) was first thing this morning, he rushes to get dressed and downs his morning coffee. 

Fixing his tie, he enters the conference room, a little late, he grabs a seat at the back as the keynote was being introduced, and to his amazement it was her standing at the podium before him. She sees him sitting in the back row and sends him a secret seductive smile and a wink, getting him hard all over again.