 Kit lived the modest life of a librarian. She was a woman of normal stature with beautifully curved hips and a perfect ass, long dark hair that flowed down her back, deep blue eyes, and the most amazing breasts. Kit considered herself a very sexual person, but you'd never guess from looking at her. 

She dressed in a way that was conservative but still showed the curves of her body, but Kit had such an innocent look about her. She was beautiful, that no one could deny, but she wasn't really the poster-girl of seduction. 

As one could understand, this job had many boring moments but the boredom led to fantastic daydreams. Sometimes they were just fun fantasies about how she wished her life had gone or places she hoped to visit someday, but sometimes they were so hot that they made her instantly wet. Sometimes when things were slow, she would let her mind wander through these intricate fantasies. 

She could imagine so vividly that she would completely lose herself in thought and it was as though she could feel every touch, smell every smell, taste every taste, and hear every moan of pleasure. 

Kit usually snapped out of it and was able to move on before someone needed her assistance. That was until Jason showed up.

Jason liked going to the library. He didn't like to read; he went to people-watch. He loved to watch people as they browsed the endless shelves of books or seeing their reactions as they became so enthralled in their book, but lately he couldn't stop staring at Kit. 

He looked at her and immediately thought her to be beyond his grasp. He thought she was absolutely stunning, but he was also a handsome man. He had eyes somewhere between blue and green, short auburn hair, tall, and the most gorgeous smile. His smile made women melt, he could get away with anything he wanted with that smile. 

He found a book, as he always did, and pretended to look over the pages. He would glance up and watch Kit. She filed some papers and did a bit of typing, but he couldn't take his eyes off of her. She stopped typing and started to stare off into space and he could tell her mind was somewhere else. He looked away from her and when he looked back he saw an evil smile cross her lips and he felt himself get hard as she bit her lip. She shook her head slightly to bring herself back to the dull reality and continued typing. 

Jason walked up to her desk. He had to know what was going through her mind. 

Looking up from her computer, Kit saw Jason approaching her desk. 

"Can I help you, sir?" Kit asked. Jason flashed her that smile and she didn't know what to do with herself and he knew it. 

"I need some help finding a book" he answered. 

"Oh, are you looking for anything in particular?" 

"I'm not really sure, show me what you recommend." 

"Follow me." Kit was a little thrown off, no one had ever asked for a recommendation before. 

As she walked in front of him, Jason couldn't help but check her out. She had the most perfect round ass that was almost hypnotizing to watch as she walked. 

Finally, they arrived at a shelf and Kit scanned the shelves mumbling to herself and then she pulled a book out. She turned and found Jason so close to her. In any other situation she would have thought it strange for someone to be that close, but this was different. They stood there looking into each other's eyes.

"What were you thinking about earlier?" Jason asked, still staring into her eyes.

Kit tried to speak but couldn't find the words, she just stuttered and looked down at her feet. Jason chuckled and tilted her chin up to look at him. 

"What was it? I watched you bite your lip, so it must've been good," Jason smiled at her.

Kit finally found the words, "I...I was thinking about...no, it's embarrassing."

"Please tell me, I'm not leaving until you do."

"Okay, I was thinking about..."

"About?"

Kit looked down at the floor and lowered her voice "Fucking -"

"That's embarrassing?" Jason asked with a chuckle.

"I was thinking about fucking... here, in the library" She paused and searched his face for his reaction.

He smiled at her "That can be arranged. If that's something you really want."

A shiver of excitement and uncertainty came over her and she could feel herself getting goosebumps. She shook it off and started to get her confidence back. She took his hand and led him to a room. Her panties were soaked; she couldn't wait to have him. 

She grabbed a key on the way and he followed her up the stairs. Jason put his hands on her hips and kissed her neck as she unlocked the door. She opened the door and he scooped her up and set her on the table. 

They couldn't contain themselves. He ripped open her blouse as they kissed. She managed to lean up and take his shirt off, running her hands over his chest and stomach. She pulled on his bottom lip with her teeth and he groaned with pleasure. He pulled back and looked at her. 

"You're in for it now" he smiled. He kissed down her neck as her slid his hand in her panties. "Oh god, you're so wet. Fuck!" Jason groaned in pleasure. 

Kit let out a soft moan as Jason started to rub her clit. He kissed further down her body, making his way to Kit's beautiful tits. He took one of her nipples between his teeth as he rubbed her clit harder. 

"Yes! Mmm fuck!" Kit exclaimed as he pulled harder. Jason helped her out of her skirt and soaking panties. 

He leaned next to her ear as he pulled on Kit's nipple. "Do you like it rough?" he asked breathlessly. 

"Yes," Kit moaned. Jason smacked Kit's pussy again and again. She moaned in pleasure, 

"More...mmm I want you to smack my ass." He smacked her pussy again. 

"Maybe if you ask nicely, you'll get what you want," Jason said. 

"Please, please smack my ass" Kit asked. Jason shook his head affirmatively and she stood up and he bent her over the table. He smacked her ass hard and he felt the sting in his hand and kept going. 

"More, more please" Kit asked desperately. "Please, I want you to fuck me." 

"Not yet," Jason chuckled. 

Kit reached back and found Jason's cock and she began to stroke it. She could feel his thick cock throb at her touch. 

"Fuuuuck!" he moaned and then pulled back. "I said not yet, you just have to wait," he said with a devilish smile as he slid two fingers into her tight, wet pussy. 

He changed his mind, he stopped and put her up on the table again so that she was facing him again. He slid his fingers in again, so slowly. Kit moaned, it was one of the most amazing feelings she had felt. She just wanted to cum so badly. 

He pumped his fingers faster and harder, feeling Kit's pussy tighten. This made Jason's cock even harder. He pulled his fingers out, he couldn't take it anymore. 

Kit whined "Don't stop. Please, don't stop." 

Jason chuckled, "It's just about to start." He slid his throbbing cock along her slit, teasing her pussy. 

Kit tried to move her body onto Jason's cock, but Jason smacked her pussy nice and hard. 

"Oh no, don't get greedy. If you're not patient you're not going to get what you want." Jason warned her. 

"Mmm I want your cock. God, I want you to fuck me!" Kit moaned. 

Jason decided it was time to give her what she wanted and slid his cock into her a little at a time and slowly pulled back out. This was driving Kit crazy, but that's exactly what Jason wanted. He went in again going progressively deeper and deeper. Kit reached down to rub her clit as Jason moved his cock faster and harder in and out of her tight pussy. 

"Oh make me cum! Please, please make me cum!" Kit exclaimed. She kept getting louder and louder, so Jason reached up to cover her mouth. 

He let out a devilish laugh and said "Now, now you have to be quiet. We are in a library after all. Do you want me to make you cum?" he groaned through gritted teeth as he fucked her harder. He moved his hand from her mouth so she could speak. 

"Yes, please make me cum!" Kit moaned, she was so close. Jason picked up the pace and started rubbing Kit's clit. 

"Pull on your nipples, hard" Jason commanded and Kit was more than happy to comply. She squeezed her tits and pulled nice and hard on her nipples. 

"Oh fuck, I'm so close. Yes, yes, yes!" Kit was almost in another state from the pleasure she felt. This was exactly what she wanted, she hadn't been fucked this good in so long. 

"I want you to cum! Cum all over my fucking cock!" Jason yelled, he didn't know how much longer he could hold out. 

"Fuuuuuuck!" Kit exclaimed and squirted as Jason pumped in and out of her pussy. 

"Yes! Yes! Oh fuck, I'm cumming!" he yelled as his cum filled Kit's pussy. He pulled out and watched his cum drip from Kit's pink pussy.

Suddenly, Kit started to giggle and she couldn't stop. Jason started to laugh a little too. 

"What's so funny?" he asked starting to laugh more at her laughter. 

"I...I just... I've never been...fucked so well...that was...amazing...thank you" Kit managed to get out in between giggles. Jason helped her up from the table and handed Kit her clothes as they both laughed. 

"Well, it's not every day that a beautiful woman agrees to fuck you in a library." Jason laughed. 

"You know what? I don't even know your name," Kit realized as she was dressing herself. 

As she stood up after pulling her skirt back on, Jason extended his hand "Jason" he said. 

"I'm Kit" she replied and reached out to shake his hand, but he took her hand in his and placed the most delicate kiss on the top. 

Despite what had just taken place, Kit giggled and blushed. 

"Well, Kit, would you like to get some dinner?" Jason inquired. 

"I'd love to but uhhh I'd like to go home and freshen up, if you don't mind." Kit answered, almost shyly. 

Jason understood, "May I accompany you home? Maybe I can help?" he asked with that devilish smile. 

Kit let out a low, sexy laugh "Yes, please."