 This is a story about what I thought was going to be a quiet night on my houseboat, but turned out to be anything but quiet. I have 50’ houseboat that I rent out to help defer the costs. Its true boats are like women and if you want to keep them you have to be nice to them and that usually involves money somehow.

It was early evening and I was waiting on a woman who had called saying she wanted to rent the houseboat, but wanted to see it first. Not unusual, most people do. She couldn’t come until after work, so I told her I would wait for her and as it turned out, am I ever glad I did.

The marina was quiet, it was a weekday night and most of the liveaboards seemed to be out for the evening. My boat is in the end slip, so I heard her coming before I could see her. I went out to the front deck and watched as this delicious vision walked up. As she approached, I’m thinking man I hope this is her! She had a long skirt that was either a wraparound or had a long slit in it, because one long gorgeous leg came into view every other step. Topped off by some kind of cropped top that draped over her small breasts (which I prefer) and left her tanned midriff bare. As she stopped in front of the boat, I could see it was a wraparound and it was wrapped around some sweet looking hips and I’m thinking, oh boy, I just know there is one hot ass under that skirt. Which is why she had to repeat, “ Excuse me, are you Don?"

"Yes, I’m sorry, excuse me!” I blurted out. “Come over to the gate, and I’ll let you in.," I said thinking c’mon man get hold of yourself, just show the boat and get your eyes back in your head.

I let her in; we introduced ourselves and stepped back onto the boat to help her on. I reached out and took her hand and guided her aboard. I should have known she would step up with the leg next to the slit. Fortunately I had a good excuse to look down on the pretense of watching her step. Most of that long sexy limb was exposed as it is quite a step up from the dock and I couldn’t help but notice those cute red tipped toes in some kind of sandal with a heel.

C’mon, man, get your mind on your business I thought. As I looked up she was smiling at me like she already knew something that I didn’t.

We started the tour up top, I don’t know why; I just like to do it that way. I showed her the way to the back deck, through the main salon, past the twin heads (bathrooms), through the master bedroom and onto the back deck. Then I realized we had a problem as I said. “I’m sorry, I should have warned you to wear shorts or pants, and I don’t think you can climb the ladder in that skirt."

"Sure I can,” she replied. Then hiked her skirt up over her knees and proceeded up the ladder. As she reached the top rung and stepped on to the deck, I had a clear view of the bottoms of two succulent ass cheeks encased in lacy white panties.

That’s it I thought, I’m going to faint, I can’t stand this. This woman is driving me over the edge. Which is again why she had to repeat, “Excuse me, but aren’t you coming too?"

" Is everything okay?” she asked. “Yes,” I mumbled, coughing into my hand. “I think I’m coming down with something.” Thinking just hold on a little longer, she will leave and I can jerk off with that delicious vision in my head.

Again there was that smile as climbed the ladder and showed her the two top decks, bimini, flying bridge, barbecue, etc. Then we proceeded back down below, but I let her go first down the ladder. As much as I would have loved another look and that sweet round ass, I just couldn’t do it.

Back through the master bedroom, a quick tour of the heads then through the main salon to the cuddy berths down below up forward. I told her as I descended the stairs in front of her that she would get a much more detailed tour if she decided to rent it.

We both squatted down at the entrance to the cuddy cabin and I showed her the twin beds with reading lamps. Then she asked, “What’s behind that door?” She scooted forward on hands and knees, leaving me staring at a magnificent round ass.

I squeezed my eyes shut and said, “Its just a machinery room, pumps and stuff.”

Then she backed up, ass undulating and causing me to softly bang my head against the handrail. Does this woman not know what she is doing to me?

I stand and help her up, frantically thinking of some way to get my mind on something else. Thankfully, I remembered that I hadn’t eaten yet and asked if she would like something to eat.

“I bought a couple of steaks today and I should have some salad stuff.” I said.

“Sounds great.” she replied. “Do you have any red wine?” she asked.

“Sure, let me open some for you.” I replied and we started the preparations for a simple meal.

After she finished with making the salad, she sat down on the sofa and while doing so the wine glass slipped in her hand and she spilled some wine on her skirt.

“Oh no!” I exclaimed. “That red wine will never come out.” I said.

“Do you have any club soda?” she asked quickly.

I found the club soda and took her back to the master bedroom so she could remove the skirt to clean it. I left, pulling the sliding door closed and returned to the kitchen area, then turned, deciding to use the bathroom. As I was entering the bathroom, I noticed the sliding door was open slightly. I was sure I had closed it and as started to close it again, I glanced through the crack and saw the most beautiful sight I’m ever seen. She had spread a towel on the bed, placed the skirt on top and was now bent over, gently scrubbing the stain. Those two luscious ass cheeks were almost completely exposed as her exertions had caused the skimpy, lacy panties to ride up that sweet cleft. Her ass continued to wiggle as she scrubbed.

I couldn’t breathe and I felt faint as most of my blood rushed to fill my cock as it hardened immediately. This brought the instant realization that I had made a poor choice of what to wear, as all I had on was some thin cotton shorts, t-shirt and no underwear. My hard cock was straining the fabric and very obvious. I looked up to see wrapping the skirt back on. I panicked and raced back to the main salon facing the sink.

“Well, that got most of and I think I can get the rest later, she said, settling on the couch.

“Please pour me another glass of wine.” She requested.

Oh nooo, I thought, now what am I going to do. I busied myself at the sink, willing my cock to soften or hoping she might come over and get the wine for herself. Neither happened, my cock was harder if anything and leaking cum, which I’m sure was going to be quite evident. Not being able to delay any longer, I grabbed the wine bottle and turned towards her, to find her eyes aimed right at my crotch.

“Now that’s what I was hoping for!” she exclaimed.

“What do you mean?” I stuttered.

“Well, I haven’t been totally honest with you.” she said. Going on to explain that she had seen me several times before while visiting the lake. The fuel dock is right next to my slip, so she had noticed me on my boat while her friends were refueling.

“ I thought you were very attractive.” 

“ When I found out that your boat was for rent, I got this idea of how to meet you,” she explained.

Then as stood there dumbstruck, she said she had a personal question to ask. All I could do was nod as she asked,

“May I suck your cock?” she asked standing and knowing the answer, pulled off her top and released her skirt in one fluid movement.

I didn’t know how much more of this I could take, as she stood before me in high-heeled sandals, tiny white panties and lacy low cut bra, holding out her hands to me. I was speechless as she pulled me towards her, between her legs as she sat down to be at face level with my fat cock. Engulfing most of it into her mouth, her hands releasing her bra, then filling her hands with her sweet little titties as her mouth steadily fucked my cock.

I felt like my cock was in a hot wet whirlwind. Her mouth and tongue were everywhere. Sucking and tonguing my cockhead, mouth-fucking most of my fat cock, kissing, licking and sucking my balls.

I told her that I was very sorry, but with all the sexual tension preceding this and now watching her not only suck my cock but also tease and twist her own nipples was driving me to the point of no return.

“Baby, I’m sorry, I can’t hold it back; you are too much for me!” I exclaimed.

She pulled her mouth off of my cock reluctantly and began to fist fuck my cock with one hand and dipped the other in to her tiny panties, sliding a finger up her wet pussy. Then sliding the pussy slick digit up under my balls and into my ass in one movement.

My cock exploded! She jerked her head back and the first hot wet blast hit her neck, sliding down between those cute baby girl titties.

“Yesssss,” she hissed. “Cover me with your hot cum!” she cried.

Over and over my cock pumped, splashing hot cum on her breasts, belly and thighs. Then as she somehow knew, she slid forward; tongue extended to catch the last small spurt on her tongue and proceeded to lick the last dribble off of the end of my cockhead. Then looking me in the eye, she let me see it glisten on her tongue for a moment, and then swallowed with a low moan.

“Mmmmmmm, you are delicious!” she exclaimed. “ I hope you are not disappointed that I didn’t let you come in my mouth?” she asked sweetly.

“Well, you probably won’t believe this.” I answered. Upon which I explained that it turns me on more to see it pump from the end of cock and the way she caught a little on her tongue really makes me hot. Plus, I like the taste of my own come, especially in my partner’s mouth, kissing, sucking tongues.

“Then let me get you some,” she said bending forward taking my still semi hard cockhead in her mouth and milking my cock with her hand. Then she tilted her head back and showed me her tongue glistening with my come.

I immediately grabbed the sides of her pretty face and kissed her, sucking her tongue, licking her lips. Kissing her was like a dream, and tasting my come in her mouth was so hot and nasty, it was causing my cock to rise again.

“Well, hello there,” she said, gazing at my stiffening cock.

“I’m beginning to think you like me,” she giggled.

“Oh yes, I most certainly do,” I replied, slowly stroking my now rock hard cock.

“And now, I’m going to show you just how much,” I said excitedly as I pulled her to her feet. Then led her by the hand and laid her across the bed. I grasped her tiny panties and pulled them off, leaving her legs up and together. Kneeling and beginning long slow wet licks up the backs of her thighs. I held her legs back, and placed a pillow under that gorgeous ass.

“Hold your legs back and just slightly open for me,” I breathed while continuing to lick my way slowly down to those sweet asscheeks.

Kissing and sucking little bits of soft flesh near her hot pussy, breathing deep the heady aroma of that sweet pussy. Knowing it will taste wonderful. Then spreading those luscious cheeks and with one slow wet lick up between those cheeks, finally splitting those succulent pussy lips. Continuing long licks up the entire length between her cheeks, tongue pointed and hard, teasing her little rosebud, then diving in her delicious pussy. Sucking furiously, shoving my tongue in as far as I can. Finding her hard little clit, flicking it with my tongue, sucking it, nibbling on it.

Sliding my forefinger into her hot slick pussy, looking up to see her pinching and twisting both hard little nipples, Hearing her moan softly as I continue my assault on her hot little clit, fingerfucking her hot hole.

“Ooooh, please put that pussy wet finger up my ass!” she hissed through clenched teeth.

I quickly complied and inserted my thumb in her pussy, rubbing the two together, doing a little slow fingerfuck of both hot tight holes. Now she starts repeating:

“Don’t stop, don’t stop, don’t stop!” louder and faster with each word,

Seconds later, she grabs my hair, pushing her hot wet pussy in my face. I can feel her tight pussy and ass clenching on my fingers as she roars through her climax. I keep licking and sucking wildly as she tries to pull my head away, her little hot clit now supersensitive. Another climax rips through her as she screams,

“AAAAh, please stop, I can’t stand it, oooh, I can’t stop cumming!!”

I slow my licks and move my tongue away from her clit, softly licking her soft pussy lips, drinking as much of that sweet juice as I can. Then moving up on the bed, leaving my fingers buried in those hot, sucky little holes and began to place tiny baby kisses all over her pretty face.

Her breathing finally slowed, she opened her eyes, looked at me and said...