 This is my first submission to Literotica. I'd really welcome constructive comments and/or emails exchanges of any kind (and I wouldn't mind some faint praise, if any of you like it!).

To say the least, this had never happened to me before. It was ostensibly our first date, I'd been in her apartment mere minutes, and already we were on the floor, struggling to get out of our clothes.

For months I had seen her pretty regularly. She worked at a coffee shop I was in some weekends and often on the weekdays, on the way to or from work. Her eyes were bright and she had a winning way of looking at you that just sucked you in and she was a great server -- the favorite of everyone, not just me. But I kept hoping that maybe she was being especially nice to me. She was always very friendly to me, always a little flirtatious, and I flirted right back. I'd hold eye contact just slightly too long, maybe brush my fingers against hers when taking the coffee -- touching her was electric.

She was pretty, but I won't make this one of those stories where everyone involved is a supermodel. She was in her mid-thirties, not especially tall, with a curvy body that I found wildly exciting, even though that wasn't the standard "type" I dated, if I had a type. She didn't dress especially provocatively, but fashionably -- and it was easy to see her large soft breasts, the gently curve of her stomach, her nice legs under a medium-length skirt. Sometimes she'd wear a v-neck shirt and lean over to talk to me, and I'd struggle to keep my eyes on hers, taking whatever opportunity presented itself to sneak a look down her top at her gorgeous breasts. I'd find myself growing hard as I sat there, trying to think of something to say to keep her at my table. I think she knew the sort of effect she had on me, and liked it. I wonder if she knew how often I wished she would invite me into the back so I could touch her and kiss her right there.

I was too shy to ask her out -- I figured that an attractive woman like her, working in a coffee shop, must be asked out all the time by patrons. But I was a regular, and we more and more often fell to talking, moving past just hello to small talk, then to more. I got her name, Lisa, and some responses to work. I didn't want to become one of those guys who thinks the people at the coffee shop are his best friends, just because they're friendly.

One afternoon when I had stopped in to do some work -- I needed to get out of the office and figured I would be as productive in the coffee shop as anywhere. Plus, I hoped she'd be there. Lisa came over when it was quiet and we started to chat, and as people came in, I knew she'd have to go back to work. Lisa suddenly said, "Hey, maybe we should get together sometime. What do you think?"

I was surprised at what she'd suggested, never really expecting that we'd get passed the small talk phase.

I wrote down my number hurriedly, and she gave me hers. Two nights later I called her to try to schedule a date -- or at least I hoped it would be a date. There's always that worry that maybe she had meant a "just friends" get-together.

She seemed happy to hear from me, so I asked her if she might want to get together sometime. Then she surprised me yet again, saying, "I'd love to... well, what are you up to tonight? Would you like to go get a drink?" 

I told her I'd love to, and found out the directions to her place. I quickly shaved, got in the car, and drove to her apartment on a quiet, residential street not far from my own home. Almost as soon as I rang the bell, she answered, looking stunning in a tight black top, low-cut so I could see the curves of her wonderful breasts, and a medium-length dark skirt, sliding down tight from her hips, down over her ass, and along her legs. I stepped inside, and she barely stepped backwards, forcing me to stand so close to her, our bodies almost touching. I could smell her faint perfume and the wine in the glass she held, and could almost feel her body, we were so close.

"Hi," was all I could muster.

"Hello," she said softly, under her breath.

She took a small sip from her glass of wine, glancing up at me as she did, and smiling slightly. She leaned forward to place it on a bookshelf to my left, stepping in toward me as she did so. Standing close, she met my gaze and I said to her, quietly, "So, where are we going for our drink?"

"Well, we could go out," she replied, "but I have a bottle of wine, and it crossed my mind that we might want to stay here." 

The tension in the room was palpable, to say the least. "Or," I said, quietly, hoping, "we might decide that we don't really want that drink."

She smiled again, looking up at me, that light, flirty smile. Teasing, a little, but inviting me in on the joke. "Yes, we might not." 

She stepped in toward me, standing on her toes, and I reached for her, my hands on her hips, pulling her closer. I could feel her breasts pressed to my chest. I felt her hips push into mine, and I know she could feel my cock, already hard, as my hands slid down over her ass and drew her closer as they explored, feeling no line of underwear at the top of her thighs.

Our lips touched, and we both seemed to explode. Our kiss deepened, and my tongue slid into her mouth, and hers into mine. We were grabbing at each other, my hands squeezing her ass, grinding her against my hard cock. Her hands on my shirt, pulling me to her, reaching up to touch my face with her soft fingers as our lips teased and our tongues wrestled, then her hands moving down, frantically tugging at the buttons of my shirt.

She moaned against me, then broke our kiss momentarily. "I've wanted this for so long," she gasped. I realized that I had, too.

I turned her roughly and pressed her against the door, my fingertips pulling her skirt slowly higher, inching it up her thigh, my lips moving down the left side of her neck, kissing lightly, lower, down to the top of her shirt, then slowly back up, trailing the very tip of my tongue lightly over her skin, around the very edge of her earlobe, my breath soft on her ear. 

She unbuttoned my shirt completely and tugged it open, tugging my t-shirt out of my pants and sliding her hands under, her fingers tracing over my stomach, up over my chest. I inched her skirt higher, then, growing more excited and impatient, I pulled her away from the door for a brief moment, long enough to yank her skirt up above her waist.

"Oh!" she gasped, startled, then melted into me, her hands in my hair, pulling me down to kiss me again. My hands touched her bare skin under her skirt, finding that she was wearing only the smallest of thongs. My strong fingers squeezed her soft bare ass, then slid down across the backs of her thighs, one of my fingers slipping between her legs, pressing to the sheer light silk of her panties, find her wet already, through the fabric. She gasped again, her legs opening wider as her knees buckled slightly. I stroked my finger over her wetness, sliding up to press against her clit through her panties, then down over her wet lips. "Please," she gasped, "Yes, there, right there." Then, as I slid her thong to one side, and dipped the tip of my finger into her, she moaned loudly. "Oh yes, but it inside me. Finger me!"

I pulled back from her, looking her in the eyes, both of us breathing heavily. "I want to taste you," I said, "I want to lick you and tease you with my tongue and my lips." I knelt in front of her, leaning in to touch my lips to the very tops of her thighs. My tongue traced along the edge of her panties, from her left hip, down between her legs, and then back up her right hip. She moaned again, pressing herself up toward my mouth, opening her legs slightly. My tongue touched her through her panties, pressing, tasting her wetness through the material.

Her own hands went to her hips, tugging her thong down, and I reached up to help her. Both of us impatient now, nearly tearing her thong as we slid it down, throwing it to the side. She had lovely white skin, pale as alabaster, and the lightest down of reddish hair between her legs, a few shades brighter than that on her head. My lips were instantly back between her legs, the tip of my tongue sneaking out to taste her as she leaned back against the door and gasped, her hands in my hair, pulling me to her. My tongue flicked along her lips, then down to dart up inside her as she moaned louder, then up to circle her clit slowly, teasingly, my hands on the backs of her thighs, pulling her to me. I closed my lips lightly over her clit and sucked gently, and felt her fingers tighten in my hair.

"Oh god yes," she hissed, barely able to speak, "taste me, lick me, please...." The feel of her, and her taste, and the sound of her voice, and her dirty talk drove me wild. My cock was achingly hard in my jeans, and I reached down to stroke it through the material. I moaned against her as my tongue teased and circled her clit, flicking up and down so light and fast on her hard button. Her breath came deeper and more ragged, practically panting, pushing her hips toward my mouth as I darted my tongue in and out of her. She opened her legs wider, sliding down the door a little, and gasped, "Please, lets move to the floor, the floor..."

I broke away from her momentarily, and Lisa moved to the floor in the center of her room, still just inside the door I had entered minutes before. She tugged her skirt off and lay back on the floor, her tight shirt still hugging her breasts, her legs open and knees bent, her black heels still on her feet. She opened her legs wider and looked at me, saying "please taste me, I need you so badly," as she ran her hands down over her bare white legs, her fingertips tracing up the inside of her thighs, then running one finger slowly along her pussy, pressing it between her lips and up into herself, then sliding the tip of that wet finger up to tease her own clit. 

My hands went to the backs of her thighs, and I forced her legs back toward her chest, keeping them open wide, her knees pressed almost to her breasts and her feet in the air. Lying on the floor, I kissed her pussy and slipped my tongue deep inside her, darting it in and out, flicking it up and down inside her, tasting her completely. She gasped, and I let go of her legs, sliding my tongue up to her clit, flicking my tongue, sucking on her clit with my lips. Her legs wrapped around my head, with her calves draped down my back, and she tightened her grip, drawing me even closer to her. 

The taste of her drove me wild, and I struggled to maintain some sort of control over myself. As she gasped and her breathing grew louder and more ragged, and her hips pressed up toward my mouth more insistently, I pulled back, tracing the tip of my tongue along the outside of her pussy, just lightly touching her lips. She moaned again, in a mix of frustration and excitement, and looked down at me with pleading eyes. My fingers lightly touched her bare thighs, moving higher, and she opened her legs to me. I touched the tip of my right middle finger to her pussy, slipping it barely inside her, as I leaned in and touched the very bit of my tongue to her clit.

"Yes," she cried, "more, more!" I slipped my finger deeper inside, pushing it into her wet folds, feeling her muscles tighten around me. I added a second finger, thrusting them slowly in and out of her, curling my fingers like I was beckoning to her and stroking her from inside as I sucked on her clit and pressed and flicked my tongue against her.

She moved with me, her hips pressing up as I thrust my fingers into her and pressed my tongue to her. Her fingers were tight in my hair, pulling me to her, her hips pumping off the floor, and her cries grew more ragged. 

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" she shouted, and exploded in a long scream that I'm sure woke the neighbors in her apartment building. I think she feared the same -- she covered her mouth with her hand as she shouted again, muffling the sound only slightly. I tasted her wetness and felt her body shake, her pussy contracting rapidly and wildly around my fingers, tightening her grip as her body flailed on the floor.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh god," she moaned, and trailed off into soft, delighted whimpers.

I kissed the insides of her thighs, still tasting her on my lips, and then slowly kissed up her body... up to her hips, my hands sliding higher, slipping underneath her shirt and lifting it slowly, pushing her shirt up over her black satin bra. She arched her back and raised her arms, then reached down to pull her shirt over her head and throw it to the side. Her bra held her breasts high on her chest, large and round and her skin so white against the black satin.

My lips moved higher, kissing her stomach, then over the smooth material of her bra. My hands went to her soft shoulders, slipping the straps of her bra down her arm, then tugging the cups of her bra down as well, revealing more of her full round breasts and surprisingly small, delicate, pink, taught nipples. My warm wet lips closed over her right nipple and sucked -- she gasped loudly, pushing her chest up toward my mouth, and her hands were instantly back in my hair, holding me tight to her chest.

She sat up and pushed me back on my knees, tearing my shirt from me and reaching down to fumble with my belt. Undoing it, she yanked my pants down a few inches and reached out to stroke my hard cock through my boxer-briefs.

"Stand up," Lisa whispered hoarsely, with a wicked grin. "I want to taste you, too." I stood up and she undressed me completely, then she lay back on the floor and pulled me down so I was kneeling next to her, with her hand wrapped around my cock, slowly stroking me. My hands were on her again, my left hand sliding down over her stomach, my fingers lightly trailing over her skin, my right hand cupping her right breast as she lay on her side facing me, leaning in slowly.

I gazed down at her milky white skin and watched her lips approach my cock. The tip of her pink tongue sneaked out and touched the tip of my cock, tasting me, then circling the tip slowly, and just as slowly sliding down the length of me. She kissed her way back up the length of my hard dick. I gasped, and shook, and she closed her wet mouth over my cock and slowly slid down the length, taking me deeper and deeper into her exquisite wet mouth.

My left hand traveled over her belly and down between her legs -- her thighs parted as my fingers inched closer. Brushing through her light patch of pubic hair, I felt how wet she still was, and she gasped softly, her lips still wrapped around my shaft. Her hips pressed up toward my hand and I slipped my middle finger slowly up inside her, easing it in, reveling in the silky feel of her, in her wetness, in the way she gripped my finger tighter just as her lips gripped tighter on my cock. She moaned loudly and took me deeper in her mouth, and as my right hand went to her hair, she moaned louder still, looking up at me with hungry eyes. She pulled her mouth back and her fingers moved up and down on my wet cock as she brushed her lips against the head.

"I like your fingers in my hair," she said, and then moaned softly as I slid the finger of my left hand deeper insider her pussy, while my thumb stroked her clit slowly. She closed her eyes and rolled her head back. "Ohhhhh that feels so good. You're going to make me cum again if you keep that up," she said with a smile, looking back into my eyes, her hand stroking my cock and her lips brushing the very tip, her tongue flicking out to touch me so lightly. I eased a second finger insider her and gently rolled her clit under my thumb. "Ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhhh yes like that," she said softly as I slid my fingers in and out in the same rhythm that I used with my thumb on her little button.

It was my turn to gasp as her lips went back to me, moving up and down with renewed vigor, sucking on me and teasing me with her tongue at the same time. My fingers gripped her head tighter, and I eased my hips forward, pressing my cock a little deeper into her mouth, so eager for her but not wanting to slide too deep. She pulled back slightly, and smiled at me.

"You want to fuck my mouth, don't you?" she asked, her tongue licking me. I thrust my fingers into her deeper, and she gasped and smiled. "Oh, you do, don't you? I want you to. Fuck my mouth a little, baby." I gripped her hair again, and slid into her mouth. She gripped my thighs tightly in her hands, keeping control of me even as I thrust my hips forward and eased deeper into her mouth. 

I was gasping louder now, and her hips were moving faster and faster as I slid my fingers in deeper. It was an awkward position for us both, but neither of us wanted to change it. I felt her muscles tighten even more around my fingers as I thrust them into her, my thumb pressing gently but insistently on her clit. She closed her eyes and moaned louder, and I felt my own body begin to surge. Her fingers tightened on me, her nails digging into my skin a just slightly, and she took me even deeper in her mouth, her lips so tight on me, her tongue lashing my as she pulled her mouth back. She slid her mouth down on me again, tight and wet, and she started to shake. Her moaning was louder, almost a shout, and I felt myself starting to cum as she exploded, her body writhing and her wet pussy soaking my fingers and gripping them tightly. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!" she practically cried as she came even harder than before, and I felt myself begin to lose control, driven over the edge by her passion. "Oh god Lisa I'm going to cum," I told her, wanting to warn her, but also not wanting her to stop. She only took me deeper, and exploded in her mouth, crying out. It felt like it went on for ages, and I felt like I'd not cum that much in years. She moaned again as I thrust into her mouth, gulping me down as I came and came.

I collapsed as she and I both gasped for air. She stroked my cock slowly as it softened, and I lay next to her in a 69 position, kissing her stomach and the tops of her thighs, my heart beating in my chest. We smiled at each other and rolled onto our backs, laughing lightly as we took stock of the room around us: the clothes scattered about, the two of us only a few steps inside the door I'd entered half an hour before. Lisa pulled herself up next to me and lay with me, her head on my chest and my arms around her, my fingers running through her hair. 

"I know I said it before, but I've wanted that for a long time. And I knew you did, too -- I see how you've always looked at me, you know. But I never knew how to ask," she said with a laugh.

"Well, I'm just glad you did ask. I might never have gotten up the courage. And then where would we be?"

"You know," Lisa said with that same naughty grin I'd grown to like so much over the course of the evening, "we have all night. That was so amazing. And I want you to know we can do anything you want, tonight. Anything."

To be continued, if people want to hear more...