 She looked down at his hands as they spread her lush white thighs. They were so calloused, so rough, yet they looked...no, felt right on her soft, unmarked skin. She shivered involuntarily, and he glanced up from where he lay between her long legs, answering the question in her gray gaze. His green eyes flashed, reflecting the lightning bolting down outside the French doors that led to her balcony. 

"You know what I'm going to do to you, don't you, Allegra?" he asked, the forcefulness of the statement bringing his desire past the carefully erected façade of impassability he'd worn all evening. He stroked her skin lightly and she tossed her head, wanting more; needing more. "I'm going to touch you with my fingers," he said as he slid one into her wet, warm heat. 

She arched her hips and gasped at the sensation, taking his finger deep into her channel. Her hands slid through his dark hair, finding the back of his head and holding on tight. He stayed where he was, never taking his eyes from hers. "Please....." she whimpered. 

"Please what, Allegra? Do you want more?" he whispered, adding another finger to the first sliding in and out of her. He watched her toss her head, waiting for her eyes to come back to his. When they did, it felt as if the entire world shifted into place. The thunder rumbling outside her windows was nothing compared to the tattoo of his wildly beating heart. He tossed the thought aside and focused on his fingers and what they were doing to her. She was so wet....It wouldn't be much longer, he thought, and he'd have to be buried deep in that tight wet heat. 

Allegra moaned helplessly, tossing her head, writhing on the sheets, feeling the heat rise within her body until she felt as if she were on fire. She looked down at Bryce lying between her legs. "You're going to make me cum," she told him shakily, watching his eyes darken until they were as black as the night. 

"You're damn right I am," he said. Then, he lowered his gaze to his fingers, watching them move in and out of her body. God, he wanted to be where they were. But not yet, he told himself. Just a little longer. He wanted her crazy, wet and wild for him. She was still watching him watching her. He'd never been so turned on in his life, until he leaned down, tasted her, and she exploded around the fingers he had deep in her wet pussy. 

Allegra screamed as the world burnt around her. Her hips bucked, rising to meet his tongue as it danced across her clit. She rode his fingers hard, taking them but wanting more. Wanting him. 

He felt her clench around him and he almost lost control. He ground against the sheets, wanting to be inside her so bad his dick hurt. His fingers were flooded with wet heat as her tight pussy spasmed around his fingers, milking them. He groaned and ran his tongue down her slit. He slid his fingers from her and licked deep into that dripping channel, feeling her hands on his head and her body twisting in his sheets. He felt her tense again, and he knew he couldn't wait one second more. 

With a groan, Bryce levered himself up and over her, then slid his cock in between her wet pussy lips, rubbing against her clit. She bucked under him, wrapping her long legs around his back. With a groan, he slid deep inside her and froze, not wanting it to end. "You feel too damn good," he told her, resting his forehead against hers. 

Allegra grinned, then wriggled shamelessly. She loved feeling his cock throbbing in her, loved feeling him cum deep inside her. Still he held himself still within her. Then, without warning, he slid almost completely out of her tight channel and then started pounding her pussy. "Oh fuck!" she screamed, raking her nails down his hard back until she was grabbing his ass and feeling every thrust of his hips. She arched her back, taking him as deeply as she could. "I'm going to cum," she panted. 

He groaned and thrust harder, pummeling her cunt. Within seconds she was tensing around him, her muscles milking the cum from his cock. He slammed into her one final time and let loose, filling her with his cream. His orgasm set her off again, and he watched her ride her hips up against him, her eyes closing in pure pleasure.