 Based off of real life experiences and emotions.

*****

She flew through the air, light as a feather. Hitting the bed with a creak of the frame. 

She gasped at the smack of the bed and the roughness of the man who she had met only a couple of months ago. 

That didn't matter now. To her, and nothing did at this point. All she was focused on was him. 

And all he was focused on was her. 

She was stunning, standing at 5' 10", 34C size boobs, long flowing hair which covered them, hazelnut eyes under long lashes, mid-standing cheek bones that border her slightly larger than average nose. 18 almost 19 college freshman, majoring in biology. 

He was handsome about 5' 9" just a bit under her, dark brown hair, glasses, deep dark brown eyes, stubble on the neck and face, protruding jaw line, and bushy eye brows. Still in high school, making the relationship between the two different than most other relationships. 

She was ready for him. She had been waiting for years. His fingers traced up her inner thigh. It was pretty easy to reach because of the length of the dress. 

His hand was tracing her outer labia which made her whimper, pleading for him to fill her with his fingers or something larger. 

"Plea- please," 

He just responded by dropping to his knees and teasing her more by licking around and probing with his fingers. 

"Fuck, I can't take this much longer" 

He knew that. He wanted her to wait for it. Her hips moving back and forth trying to plunge the finger deeper inside of her warm pussy. 

"Please, I need you" she said through staggered breaths

"You need me to what?" He responded in a low raspy voice trying to keep it quiet. 

"I need you inside of me."

"Oh come on, you can do better than that."

"I- I need you to fuck me until I orgasm and until youuuu" her voice trailed off, as he shoved his finger inside her to stop her from talking. 

He knew what she wanted. He also knew the pain she experienced when she admitted to something she wanted. As if everything sexually related was taboo that shouldn't be discussed. 

Hands extending to the dress she was wearing she told him she didn't like.

"You still don't like this dress right?"

"Umm yeah wh-" her sentence cut short by the ripping of her dress into two even pieces that fell on to floor revealing her beautiful tits and extremely wet panties. 

"You're ready, aren't you?" He asked more rhetorically then anything. 

She just responded in a head nod and moved the only barrier between her sex and his to the side. 

"Are you sure?" He asked one time before proceeding. He was a gentleman despite the dominating side of him wanting to ravage every square centimeter of her body. 

"I'm sure. Please, I need to feel you inside me." 

She prepared her body for the entrance of the thing she had been fantasizing about for over a year and was relieved, after she pinched herself, that it wasn't a dream. And that this was actually about to happen. 

There it was, his hot throbbing dick plunged directly into her pleading hole. Her back arched at the feeling of him slamming into the wall inside of her. Letting out a very loud "Fuck!" in the process. 

"Are you ok?"

"I'm fine. I just never expected it to feel so big. I feel filled to the brim." 

He chuckled at that before saying an 'I love you' and planting a kiss on her lips that was returned with full passion. 

She couldn't think, let alone form a coherent sentence. The only sound she made was a long drawn out 'ohh' noise. 

Enticed by the movement of the almost steel rod in between her legs. 

"Holy shit, this feels amazing."

"Glad you think so." He replied through staggered breathing and his own deep groans of pleasure. 

He wasn't going to go easy on her. He lifted her up off the bed brought her hips closer and proceeded to thrust deeper and harder then before. 

"Oh my fucking god!" She screamed in pleasure amidst the other expletives and moans. 

He could feel himself getting close but he knew she was too and decided to delay his own orgasm. This was about her. 

He pulled out, leaving her wondering what he was going to do. And shoved two fingers into her sweet love hole and thrusted faster than ever. 

"Oh yesss, I fucking love it!"

He brought his head down and starting multitasking between licking her clit and fingering her. Which only made her moan even more and her hips move up and down faster. Faster and faster until she climaxed. 

Her hips jutted up into the air, her breath was silent, the only noise in the room for a split second was the click of a fan. She screamed, well it was a loud enough moan to probably wake the entire neighborhood. 

He wasn't done with her. He got back up and shoved his dick right back into her, not even letting her come down from the high she was at. She was gasping for air at this point and struggling to find it. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head as she came a second time clamping down on the object inside of her. 

The walls kept him in place and he knew he was about to explode, he grabbed her ass and moved his hips back and forth as fast as he humanly could. He knew what was about to follow. He pulled out, got onto her stomach and shot seven ropes of sticky, white, semen all over her tits and face. 

They were both just coming down from their highs as they lay next to each other. Worn out by the events that proceeded. 

They fell asleep. Too tired to clean up after themselves. The stench of sex filled the air.

•

'How did this happen?' He asked himself. 

"How did this happen?" Saying the words aloud as if asking for an answer from the woman that lay fast asleep right next to him on the queen size bed. 

As if she had the answer. All he did was text her one night when she knew she was feeling bad about something her boyfriend at the time had said. How did it turn into this? 

She awoke to the sound of him mumbling something to himself. She turned over to face him and wrapped her arm around his waist and explored every inch of his hairy chest with her other hand as the two embraced in a very passionate kiss at 2:33 in the morning.

"Maybe we should clean up."

She sighed, "Maybe we should."

"Shower?" 

"If we have to." She still wasn't fully awake and had no idea what was going on. 

"I'll get the water running." 

And with that he disappeared into the bathroom. Naked as she was. She heard the water turn on and start to run. 

"How did it end up like this?" She asked herself. Even she wanted to know the answer. 

"Showers ready!" He called from the other room. 

"Be there in a sec!" She yelled back. 

She was in love. And there was nothing else the feeling was inside of her. It had to be love. She knew it and felt it in every inch of her body when he so much as glanced at her.

This was going to be quite the ride.