 I enjoy everything about America's birthday celebration. The outdoor picnics, the beach, the beers and most of all the fireworks. This year, I spent the holiday with Rachel, who I recently got engaged to. Rachel is British and certainly doesn't celebrate her country's loss of the 13 colonies, but she does love to have fun and goodheartedly agreed to celebrate America's birthday by going to the beach with me for the weekend.

I swung by the house after leaving work early, picked up Rachel and our luggage and drove down I-40 to Wrightsville Beach, NC. The two hour ride was fun because the scenery was extrordinary. Not the view out the windows, but the view I had looking into the passenger compartment. Rachel wore one of her trademark miniskirts along with one of her many pairs of "glam heels" that add 5 or 6 inches to her height. Her waxed-smooth legs went on forever after they left her tiny skirt and once we were on the highway, I reached into her lap to confirm that she had left her thong off. 

Much to my suprise, I felt a tiny thong covering her waxed pussy lips so I just pushed it up and in between her sweet pussy. I spent most of the rest of the drive using my fingers to slowly tease Rachel's swollen clit and tight, pink box. Her breath quickened and her English accent punctuated the high octave, soprano girl voice she uses when she's horny.

"oh yesssss! Touch my wet little slit. Right THERE! So WET for you today. Gushing with juices for my bad daddy! Like fingering my tight pussy? Like feeling my little pussy squeeze your fingers as you work them inside my sweet, young pussy? It's yours. YOUR little pussy, my sweet little paper-cut is all yours. Fuck it, finger it, lick it, use toys on me. Whatever you want my pussy to do, it's yours.".

Now you understand how the two hour drive seemed to go by so quickly. Rachel's voice was high and soft as she snuggled up on my right side and planted her lips on the side of my neck for spine-tingling kisses when she wasn't saying naughty phrases in my ear. I kept my fingers in between her legs all the way down to the coast, playing with her honeypot and bringing her to four or five body-twitching orgasms along the highway. I kept her hands and sweet lips away from my cock, wanting to focus on her pleasure as we drove and knowing I would get plenty of attention on my cock later.

We checked in at the VIP kiosk and had the bellman help us with our luggage. As soon as the bellman left the room, I unzipped my pants and Rachel sat on the bed and reached for my stiffening cock. She loves to suck cock and I love being blown, especially when the fellatrix has a self-proclaimed oral addiction. Rachel stroked my cock and then slapped it against her cheek as she said, "I'm so mad for your cock right now, I've wanted to suck on your big cock since you first put your fingers into my little slit, hours ago. Now I'm gonna suck you good and hard till you squirt your first load on my tongue so I can enjoy your tangy cum in my hungry mouth.". Then she engulfed the head into her sweet mouth and I was again reminded of why I loved Rachel so much. She adored my cock, she lovingly worshipped my fat knob like it was her first meal in days and concentrated every bit of attention on pleasing my aching cock and balls with her fingers, hand, nails and her wet lips and talented tongue. 

I grabbed onto her head lightly, pushing my fingers into her salon-colored blonde mane and let her work her magic on my big weapon. She sucked, kissed, slobbered, licked, slurped and jerked on my cock while punctuating her actions with that falsetto voice speaking dirty thoughts so freely and seductively. "I want your cum.... (suck, slurp, suck) I want to taste it, feel it, smell it. (suck, suck, suck, taking my cock deep before pulling off it) Let your babygurl suck your big, powerful cock like a good slut should. (going deep down on it again, sliding me into her throat before pulling back again) Feed it into my cockloving mouth. I was born to do this, to worship your cock, to choke myself on it. Show you what a little slut can do to please her older lover. Earn your affection by being such a sweet little cum princess. Cum in my pretty mouth for me, dump a load on my young mouth. You like having a young girl on the end of your cock, don't you? It makes you feel powerful to watch my pretty mouth please your big, older cock.". 

About then is when I began to glaze her tongue with my pent up sperm as they rose from deep in my balls and came squirting out with thick, creamy ropes of cum as Rachel kept her eyes locked on mine and her mouth open to receive her creamy reward. After that, Rachel got up, changed into a pink bustier, white stockings and pink platform fuck-me pumps and came back to bed so I could fuck her delicious pussy and enjoy her tight, slim frame. As she climbed into bed I admired her firm, tight, muscular ass, two globes of tanned ass with a thong pattern of white skin between the perfect ass globes. Rachel had doubled her efforts at the gym after we met and started dating and the results were a tighter, toned body that made my cock hard every time I saw her. It didn't hurt that I had practically bought her a new wardrobe of clothes that displayed her body so well. It amazes me how slutty a girl can dress and not be trashy if the labels are Gucci, Loboutain, BCGC, Feragamo, and the like.

It was hot at the beach and Rachel was even hotter, wearing a tiny silver bikini bottom low on her slim hips. The front did cover her pussy in front and showed off her neatly waxed front. The back wasn't a thong, but more of a half-bottom that covered more than a thong but still had at least half of her ass cheeks hanging outside the material. I think I was even more suggestive than a straight thong. The silver bottom hugged her ass tightly and the two strings came together at each hip with a metal ring that exposed her bare hip.

A playboy bunny decal had left an untanned mark on her lower hip from yesterday's beach day and she had a belly piercing with the word, Kitty hanging from her belly. Rachel's blonde hair was very long and a shade it two darker than white, which contrasted nicely with her American flag style bikini top, stars and blue field hugging tightly on her right breast and red/white stripes on the left. With the plexiglass heels I had her wear to the beachside bar for drinks at sunset, she looked like a Hooters bikini contestant. A little trashy, a lot sexy and hotter than a firecracker. I was going to seriously enjoy the Fourth of July weekend!