 Tuesday, April 23rd, Day 3.

Dear Diary,

Nothing exciting today. Roxanne bought some really nice underwear, but it mostly was a Rachel day.

I had a really long swim, then had my ass kicked at tennis by a seventy-year-old man. That was pretty humiliating until he confided that he'd once reached the second round at Wimbledon.

In the evening I watched a couple of really good stand-up acts. All clean, cruise-ship approved material, but still funny. A couple of guys tried to chat me up, but didn't spark any interest in Roxanne.

Goodnight!

Wednesday, April 24th, Day 4.

Dear Diary,

Oh God, do I have a story for you today! I nearly got arrested and thrown off the ship!

I had my usual morning, workout, yoga, swim, then watched a movie.

In the afternoon, I decided to explore the ship. I've heard the engines on these things are enormous, and I wanted to see for myself. I went as low in the ship as I could in the passenger areas then sneaked through one of those "restricted area" doors. I crept down a maze of corridors, and a few flights of metal stairs, when I suddenly heard a voice.

"Miss, can I help you? Passengers aren't allowed in this part of the ship."

I turned and saw a young man in scruffy shorts and a white t-shirt with grease stains.

"I'm sorry," I said, "I just really wanted to see the engines." 

"I'm afraid that won't be possible - security is much tighter since, well, you know. I'll have to escort you back upstairs."

I smiled coyly. 

"Isn't there anything I could do to persuade you?"

He gave me a questioning look, and in a flash I dropped to my knees in front of him. I ran my hand up his bare leg and into his shorts.

"Oh shit!" he exclaimed in shock, but didn't try to stop me.

My hand found the front of his underpants and began to massage his package. With the other hand, I unzipped his fly. I felt his cock growing rapidly, so I pulled my hand out and tried to access it through the fly, but it was too difficult.

"Help me out?" I asked.

Urgently, he pulled his cock out of his shorts. It was almost fully hard, and it quickly went to full hardness when I grasped the base of the shaft in my hand and took the tip in my mouth.

"Oh, shit," he groaned, "oh, yes!"

I squeezed up his shaft, forcing a delicious drop of precum into my mouth, which I smeared around the head of his cock with my tongue. Up and down I sucked, licking and slurping loudly.

I felt him start to tense - this guy was going to spurt any second! I let go and stood up.

"No, don't stop," he begged, "I'm not done!"

"I'll finish it when you show me the engine room. Deal?"

He grunted grudging assent, then struggled to get his cock back into his pants. 

He led me off down a hallway, and it was funny to watch him limping because of his erection. He took me down several more flights of stairs, until we finally stepped out of a hatch onto a walkway in a cavernous space.

"There," he pointed down.

It was so much bigger than I expected. So this was the vast engine that drove this floating city across the ocean. I'm glad we're at anchor today, since I bet the noise in there is deafening when it's running.

"Take me down there, I want to touch it," I said.

He led me back through the hatch and down three more flights of stairs, and out onto the engine room floor. I walked up to the monster and put my hands on it, imagining the raw power it was capable of.

I handed him my phone.

"Here, take a couple of pictures of me with it."

He snapped a few while I stood demurely, Rachel-like, in front of the engine.

"You could make these a little more interesting," he hinted.

Roxanne took the hint immediately. I turned round and flipped up my light cotton sundress, flashing my ass to the camera, then I did the same from the front.

"Why not take it off?" he asked, getting bolder. I noticed the bulge in his pants hadn't gone anywhere.

I reached behind me and unzipped my dress. I slowly, coquettishly, began to peel the front down, revealing my white lacy bra. He snapped away furiously, the phone's shutter sound barely able to keep up.

I let the dress drop and kicked it away, then salaciously writhed and twisted for him, pushing up my boobs and stroking my firm ass. With my back to him, I reached up and unsnapped my bra, and tossed it aside with my dress.

I covered my tits with my hands and turned to him. Slowly, teasingly, I slid my hands away from them. He stood there, staring, and the shutter sound had stopped.

"Hey!" I reminded him, nodding towards the phone.

He snapped out of it, and started shooting again. I stroked and kneaded my boobs, rubbing my fingertips over the nipples, my hips rolling sexily.

Then I turned my back on him and pulled my panties down to my ankles. I spread my legs as wide as the panties would allow and bent all the way over. He kept on snapping.

I turned to face him, and did the classic "oops, my panties fell down!" pin-up pose, and he laughed.

I stepped out of them, then hooked my leg over a nearby railing, spreading wide, stroking my pussy. He dropped to his knees close to me and kept on shooting, up at my rapidly-wettening snatch.

"What's going on here" boomed a stern, female voice.

The sailor jumped, then quickly tossed my phone to me and ran. I unhooked my leg from the railing, and just had time to cover my boobs and crotch like a scene from a bad smutty film, when a stout woman in a black uniform came around the corner.

She stopped about three feet in front of me, her hands on her hips, a scowl on her face, and a badge reading "SECURITY" on her voluminous chest.

"This is a restricted area!" she barked, "What are you doing here?"

"I just wanted to see the engines," I began, lamely.

"Naked?" she scoffed. "And who was that?" She indicated the direction the sailor had made off in.

"I never got his name. I'm sorry, I talked him into bringing me down here."

"How?"

"Umm... with a blow-job," I confessed, hanging my head.

"Well, this is a secure area," she said, "I'm going to have to search you. Put your hands up against there."

She indicated a large, flat area of the engine.

I turned and stretched my arms up and put my palms against the engine.

Wait a minute, I was stark naked, what was there to search?

But she already had her hand in the small of my back, and pressed my body up against the cold metal. I yelped in shock.

With her feet, she kicked mine apart, spreading my legs, then reached down and ran her hands up the outside of each leg. Then she did the same with the inside of my legs, running her hand all the way up. And I mean all the way, her fingers actually brushed my shaved pussy lips. Then she placed her hands on my waist and ran them up my torso, her fingertips pressing in to the side of my boobs.

I realized she was getting off on this, and wondered if she would go for a cavity search, but instead, she reached up and pulled my arms down behind my back. In a flash, she'd snapped handcuffs on me.

I whirled around to face her, giving her an unfettered look at my tits, thrust forward by the position of my arms.

"Please, no, let me go!" I begged.

"I should have you thrown in the brig and put ashore in the morning." she said, sternly.

I didn't know what 'brig' meant, but it sure didn't rhyme with 'Hilton'. Rachel was terrified, but Roxanne took the reins.

"Isn't there anything I could do to persuade you to go easy on me?" I asked, in a low, husky voice.

She took a good look up and down me, and I swear she only just stopped herself from licking her lips.

"What did you have in mind?" she asked, quietly.

"Is there someplace private we could go?" I asked.

She considered, then nodded. She scooped up my clothes and phone.

"Follow me."

She turned on her heel and quickly walked away. I scurried after her, naked except for my sandals, and unable to cover myself. She led me down a few hallways, and some stairs, her sensible shoes clanging on the metal steps. 

Getting down the steep stairs, which were really more like ladders, with my hands cuffed was tricky, and she helped me backward down them, her hands on my bare buttocks, and I'm sure she enjoyed the view of my shaved cunt. The thought made my clit tingle. She finally led me into a tiny room, just big enough for a single bunk and a tiny nightstand.

"This is where the lowest ranks used to have to bunk until the union got involved," she said, locking the door.

She began to undress, first her black blazer, then the chunky utility belt and shoes, followed by her black slacks. She folded them carefully on the night stand, then unbuttoned her blouse, facing away from me. She was wearing a substantial bra in that horrible 'flesh' color, and matching granny-panties under heavy black tights. She pulled the tights and underpants down together, then sat on the bed to take them off. I saw she had a dense, untrimmed bush.

Her bra was at least a size too small, and her breasts squeezed out around the edges. She pulled it off, and her huge tits spilled free.

"Please, will you take the cuffs off?" I pleaded.

"No," she said frankly, "it turns me on to have you like this."

Not much I could say to that.

"On your knees," she ordered.

She laid on the bed. It was too narrow for her to lie across, so she positioned herself at an angle, one leg hanging off the side, the other on the bed, the knee up.

I knelt down between her legs.

"You know what to do," she said.

Actually, I didn't. I mean, obviously I've seen girl-on-girl porn, but I hadn't been that close to another woman's vagina since birth. I wondered what it would taste like. I've occasionally tasted my fingers during particularly indulgent masturbation sessions, and I've sucked dicks that have been inside me, but never another woman's.

I leaned in close to the dark, straggly pubic hair. With her legs open, I could see her fleshy lips, and her glistening hole, and I could smell the musky scent of her arousal. I tentatively stuck out my tongue and flicked it across her clit. It didn't really taste of anything. I ran my tongue around it, and up and down her labia, then gently probed her vagina. Now I could taste her. It was similar to mine, but tangier, and not unpleasant. 

I pressed my face against her and pushed my tongue deep inside. Her pubes tickled my face.

"Oh yes, girl, that's it," she moaned.

With my arms held behind my back, my face was the only part of me I could use to support myself, so I had to press it hard into her cunt. I lapped up and down, gently bit her lips, and sucked and teased her clit. Sometimes I took a few pubes between my teeth and tugged sharply on them. She moaned and bucked and rolled her hips under me. Knowing I was having this effect on another woman set a fire in my pussy, and I hoped this wasn't going to be a one-way street.

Suddenly, she lifted herself up, and grabbed my hair. Roughly, she pulled me up. Without any way way to brace myself, I fell face first into her expansive bosom, my face buried in between her tits. I turned my head to one side, and grabbed a large nipple between my teeth. I sucked on it as hard as I could, then scrapped it with my teeth. I felt her full body shudder under me.

"Turn around," she said, "I want some of your cute pussy."

Clumsily, I turned around on my knees next to her. Once I was facing the other way, she took hold of my leg and lifted it over her chest. This pushed me off balance, and I fell face first into her bush, where I quickly located her clit and started sucking again.

I felt her fingers spreading my ass cheeks, and brushing over my little pucker, then they found my shaved cunt and slipped inside. She finger-fucked me hard, and I groaned in pleasure into her cunt. Then I felt her hot breath on my pussy, and then her tongue. She swirled it expertly around my hole, then licked me inside, and up and down my lips. I rolled my hips forward to try and get my clit on her mouth, and at the same time I urgently sucked on hers, trying to send a message.

She got it, and soon my clit was throbbing in her mouth. Her fingers continued inside my cunt, finding my g-spot and stroking it softly. It must've been blind luck, but she did it exactly how I like it.

I turned my head to one side.

"Uncuff me," I said, "I want to finger you."

She quickly lifted my hips so that she could roll to one side and grab her blazer. After a few seconds fumbling, not helped by the distraction of me hungrily sucking her pussy, she located the key and took the bracelets off my wrists.

I lifted myself up, pushing her back down, and used my full weight to grind my cunt against her face. She slurped and sucked and licked, and I played with her big tits, pinching and tugging on her nipples, and slapping them together in big waves.

Then I leaned forward again. With my hands free, I was able to part her long, curly pubes and get a really good look. Her full, pink lips were wet all over from my face spreading her juices, and when I spread her hole open, it pulsed invitingly. I gently pulled back the hood of her prominent clit, and gave it a little pinch.

"Oh, fuck!" she gasped into my pussy.

I did it again, then began to jack it off like a tiny penis. With my other hand, I began to fuck her, spreading my fingers inside her, and feeling her cunt clench around them. She had stopped licking me, and just pressed her face hard against my snatch as her orgasm started to roll. She lifted her legs high around me, and so I used my little finger to tease her asshole. She started to shake, and I felt her begin to pant against my pussy.

I increased the speed of fucking her, and added my tongue to the tip of her clit. I felt her pass the point of no return, and my hands briefly became a blur until she couldn't take it anymore, and clamped her thighs like a vice around my head.

She held me tight for about ten seconds, then dropped her legs onto the bunk, spent. I climbed off her face and sat myself against the wall, my open legs draped over her hips. I licked her juices off my wet fingers, then began to rub my own clit. I urgently needed to cum.

Shortly, she had recovered enough to realize what I was doing, and she pulled herself up to the head of the bunk, against the wall. She opened her legs wide, and patted between them.

"Come sit here," she said, "I want to make you cum."

I shuffled up and positioned myself between her legs, leaning back against her comfortable breasts. She slid her arms around my waist, then up to cup my small breasts. She gently rubbed my nipples with the tips of her middle fingers, and they quickly stiffened. She began to stroke them in the same way I had her clit, and I felt a warm tingle spread across my chest.

She nuzzled my neck.

"You have such perfect little titties," she mumbled, "now bring your knees up."

I did so, and she put her hands on them and gently pushed them apart. She stroked slowly up my inner thighs until she reached my pussy, and then softly, sensuously, she began to tease my lips. She tugged them gently around, squeezed them, rolled them between her fingers.

I moaned softly and laid my head back on her shoulder, my eyes closed.

With one hand, she gently brushed around my vagina, and her fingers felt like the finest silk ribbon being drawn across my pussy. Her other hand found my clit. She pressed the tips of two fingers down on it and began slow circling motions, and I was soon in ecstasy. My body started to twist and my hips to roll, and this kept moving her fingers away from the sweet spot, which was frustrating, but it was beyond my control. Luckily she always quickly repositioned her fingers, and I gradually got closer and closer.

She began to finger inside my pussy, soon finding my g-spot like before, and I felt the orgasm slam against me, like a big ocean wave lifting me, then dropping me so the pit of my stomach lurched, over and over. I dug my fingers hard into her thighs, and held on for the ride. She didn't let up until I forced my legs closed, cutting off her access to my cunt.

She brought her hands up and gently stroked my breasts again, and planted a series of soft kisses on my neck and shoulder. I felt so warm and safe in her arms and between her thighs.

She held me like that until she felt my heartbeat drift back down to normal, then she gently pushed me forward and got off the bed.

"I have to get back to work," she said, "I hear there's some naked chick cavorting around in the engine room."

I smiled, and sat back against the wall, naked, my legs comfortably spread, and watched her get dressed.

"You're not going to go after that sailor, are you?" I asked.

"Nah," she said, "it's not like he could have resisted you. But I do need you to stay out of restricted areas."

I nodded. "Absolutely," I promised.

Then I added, quietly, "I sure breached your security, though."

She laughed, and pulled her blazer on.

Then her face turned serious again.

"This never happened, ok? I could get in a lot of trouble."

I made the little zipper motion across my mouth.

"Ok," she said, smiling again, "when you leave, just down the hallway on the right is a stairway. Go up four flights, then out the door, and you'll be on the lowest passenger level."

I nodded, and she left, giving me one last wink.

I reached over and locked the door, then settled back on the bunk with my phone. I scrolled through the dozens of photos of me stripping and cavorting in front of the engine. I have to say, I look really good in those pictures, and my shaved pussy is a regular peach. There are plenty of photos where my face can't be seen. Roxanne would probably post those on Reddit. 

I stayed for about fifteen more minutes, then dressed and came back to my room.

Well, Diary, what do you think? Roxanne is only four days old, and already she's been eating pussy while handcuffed!

Goodnight - I think now I'll get in the shower and set the shower head on pulse and press it between my legs...