 I was going to start by telling you a little bit about myself but then I thought, why bother? Most people won't care about me so why should I waste my time giving them information they aren't going to need. Instead I decided it would be more beneficial to give you a little background about the story and leave the rest to your imagination.

I'm an average guy in every way but many years ago I discovered I had a particular passion when it came to the opposite sex. I love big tits. It's that simple, the bigger the better without entering the realms of the ridiculous. I also discovered that with the right amount of luck, charm and confidence it was possible to get into the kind of situations usually only found in the cheesiest of sex comedies. So now, many years on, I have a wealth of stories that just have to be told. So if you like big tits in all their glory then sit back and let me tell you about some of the things I've seen.........

I guess it all started when I was a kid growing up in your average, middle class area where all the neighbours new each other really well and all the other kids were around the same age. My neighbours had a daughter, Rachel, who was a year below me in school and we used to play together all the time as we were growing up. It was one of those childhood friendships that kind of comes and goes depending on whether it was cool to talk to girls or not but as we grew up and out of that kind of nonsense we just became mates. We'd chat if we saw each other in the street but we had our own groups that we hung out with. By this time we were probably around 15 or so and we were well on the path to maturity, one of us more than the other. You see Rachel was developing the most luscious pair of tits I had ever seen, not that I had seen many at this stage in my life, and you couldn't help but notice the way they rode so high on her chest and seemed so firm. There was very little movement when she walked other than a lovely elastic kind of bounce. Summer was especially interesting as she was fond of strappy tops that revealed plenty of cleavage. It goes without saying that many an evening was spent under the sheets while I imagined getting my hands on those beautiful breasts but nothing ever happened. Well, not then anyway....

When all the kids finished school and went on to their various universities the street got pretty quiet and, except for summer when everyone was home, it was usually the case that you would go home for a weekend now and then and be the only one around. If you were lucky you might see someone else who happened to be home the same weekend but that was pretty rare, but not unknown. One weekend I had headed home to see my parents, or get my laundry done, depending on who was asking. As the train pulled into the station I grabbed my bags and headed to the door. Stepping off the train I noticed Rachel getting off a different carriage. I headed over and as she turned she saw me and smiled, 

"Hi. I didn't realise you were on the same train. If I'd known, the journey would have been a little less tedious." 

I grinned back. "Tell me about it. There's nothing worse than sitting on one of these things for a few hours with nobody to talk to. You want a hand with your bags?"

I grabbed her bag before she could refuse the offer and we headed out of the station. Normally someone would pick me up from the station but my parents were still at work so I was resigned to walking home. It was only a mile or so but being a student I felt it my duty to be a little lazy. There was no-one waiting for Rachel either which I thought a little strange as I guessed her Mum or Dad would have picked her up so she didn't have to carry her bags. It soon became clear though when she told me she had decided to come home at the last minute and had just grabbed a bag and jumped on the train and still not told her parents she was coming home for the weekend. As we walked she told me she had split up with her boyfriend in college and couldn't stand the idea of hanging around with all her friends being sympathetic so she decided to come home for a few days. I followed the standard course of saying I was sorry and then changing the subject to try and cheer her up. We chatted as we walked and she was soon laughing and joking along with me. After about 20 minutes we got home and went our separate ways, as separate as you can get when you live next door anyway.

My parents were going out to party later that night so after dinner I lay down on the couch and started flicking through the channels on the TV. There was nothing on so as soon as my parents had gone I ran upstairs and grabbed my stash of grass from my bag. I rolled a joint and went out into the garden. Sitting in the garden I heard a noise from over the fence. It was Rachel talking on the phone. She was sitting on the back step smoking a cigarette and telling whoever was on the phone she was fine and not to worry. She hung up the phone and I heard her stand up. I assumed she was going in until I heard her voice nearby,

"You going to share that or what?" I turned to see her leaning over the fence and smiling at me. "I could smell the smoke coming over the fence and as neither of your parents smoke and they certainly wouldn't be indulging in a spliff I figured it was you."

I stood up and handed her the joint. She took a big hit and passed it back. "Thanks. You have no idea how much I needed that."

I took it back and pulled on it again. "I heard you talking actually and you sounded like you could do with something. Was that the ex or a concerned friend?"

"Neither, it was my Mum. She was ringing to tell me that her and my Dad are away tonight and it's too late to cancel. I guess it's my fault for not telling them I was coming home. She's worried about me being on my own but I'll be fine. Where are your parents anyway?"

"Another one of those parties my Dad's boss keeps throwing. I know they hate them but I guess they have to go to keep him sweet. I guess we're both in the same boat, come home for the weekend and end up on our own watching TV."

I passed her the joint again and she took another long pull. She looked at me as she held the sweet smoke in and then smiled as she exhaled. "Why don't you come around here then? We can watch TV, open some wine and get stoned together."

"Sure. Why not? At least I'll have someone to roll up when I can't be bothered. Give me 5 minutes, ok?" I stubbed out the joint and went back in to the house. I cleaned up the dishes in the kitchen, flushed the stub down the toilet and grabbed the rest of my stash then headed next door. 

I knocked on the door and heard Rachel shout it was open. She was in the kitchen fighting with a bottle of wine. I took it from here and told her to go find something on TV while I opened the bottle. When I followed her into the living room she was curled up on the couch watching the TV. I sat down next to her and rolled another joint. At least her parents smoked so we could get away with smoking it in the house. We passed the joint back and forth, drinking the wine in between and pretty soon we were both nicely stoned. We chatted and the subject eventually came around to the guy she had just split up with. She told me that they had been seeing each other for around six months and it was going ok until she went to his house earlier in the week to return a CD and caught him in bed with a girl from one of his classes. She felt bad because she had actually been embarrassed and instead of screaming him down she had apologised and left the house as fast as she could. When he eventually caught her he hadn't even apologised, he'd told her that he liked her but that she wasn't really his type and it was best if they just went their separate ways. I tried to be gallant and said something about him being an idiot and how could she not be his type and then she told me that apparently she was too curvy for him. I tried not to but I couldn't help but laugh and as soon as I started she was laughing just as hard.

When the laughing stopped I told her I was sorry but I was so stoned I couldn't help it. 

"How could anyone not like a curvy girl, that's how they were supposed to look, like girls not boys?"

She looked at me funny for a second and then smiled. "That's good. I've been worried about it since he told me and thought there was something wrong with me."

I assured her there was absolutely nothing wrong with her figure and the guy was an idiot but each to his own. She slid over towards me and looked me straight in the eye.

"So you like girls to be curvy do you? How do you define curvy? Is it a general thing or is there something specific?" As she said it her eyes looked down and as I followed her gaze I found myself looking down into the creamy valley of her cleavage. She saw my eyes move. "That's what I thought. There is something specific isn't there? Do you like them?"

I was mesmerised by the way her breasts rose and fell with each breath and by the slight bulge across the front where her bra couldn't quite cope with the task it had been set. "There very nice. Probably the best I've ever seen. Why do you ask?"

"Well.....I've been thinking that maybe they were too big and after what he told me I was wondering if I should get a breast reduction. There a 38DD you know." I didn't know but I sure as hell did now and I couldn't tear my eyes away from them now they were the main topic of conversation.

"I think that would be a mistake. I can understand the downside but surely there are benefits?" I looked up to see the pink tip of her tongue curling over her top lip.

"Benefits?" She lifted her hand to her chest and began rubbing her right breast gently. "Oh there are plenty of benefits. They keep me the centre of attention and I love how very sensitive they are. I can even make myself cum just be playing with them and that has to be a benefit. Of course I can cum even harder when someone else is playing with them."

If that wasn't an offer then I don't know what is. I raised my hand and started to gently rub her left breast while she concentrated on the right one. I brushed my fingertips along the line of her bra and heard her sigh gently as I slid a finger through the buttons on her top and traced the outline of her nipple though it's covering of lace. It grew steadily under my finger and she began to squirm slightly in her seat.

"That's very nice but I think it would be better if you could see them, don't you?" I wasn't going to argue.

She stood up from the couch and moved in front of me. Using her feet she pushed my legs apart so she could move right in front of me and began to slowly undo the buttons on her blouse. She slid the cotton off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Using both hands now she began to rub and squeeze her breasts, pushing them together until her cleavage was nothing more than a tight crack in the expanse of flesh. She leaned forward and placed her hands on my shoulders so that my face was inches away from her breasts. Using her height she pushed me back until I was almost lying down and began to rub the soft lace of her bra against my cheeks, swinging her magnificent breasts across my face as she moved from side to side. I reached behind her and placed my hands on her ass but she grabbed them and put them back on her breasts.

"No, no. I told you I could cum just by having my tits played with and that's where this ends. I'm not going to sleep with you tonight and my pants will not be coming off so you be a good boy and do as you're told and maybe I can do something nice for you too."

I was disappointed but I figured if I got her off this way maybe I'd get a hand job, or a blow job if I was really lucky, so I followed her instruction and began to knead her breasts and squeeze her nipples through the material. This freed up her hands but instead of heading towards my straining jeans as I hoped she reached behind her and undid the clasp of her bra. The only things holding it in place now were my hands so I did the only thing I could think of. I leaned forward slightly to kiss the tops of her breasts and as I did I slid the lace down, slowly revealing her tits. As the material slid over her skin my lips followed until I had uncovered one of her nipples which immediately found its way into my mouth. I sucked gently and heard a low moan from above my head somewhere. She was really getting hot now with all the tit play and I could see the flush of colour across her chest and throat. In no mood to drag this out I had to see how much she had told me was the truth. I cupped both of her heavy tits and as my mouth took care of one nipple my fingers pinched and teased the other. She began to move against me, pushing her tits into my face until my nose and mouth were covered and I was finding it hard to breathe. I pulled away slightly to grab a breath but her hands shot around the back of my head and pulled it deeper into her flesh as she moaned with pleasure. 

Struggling to draw air I decided I had to finish this before I ended up on the front page of the papers, even if I would have gone out in style. I grabbed as much of her heaving breasts in my hands as I could and squeezed them together. Forcing her nipples as close together as I could, I managed to get both in my mouth at the same time. She gave a little squeal when she realised what I had done which rapidly turned into a series of pants and moans as I began to suck and chew on her erect nipples. Within seconds her knees were shaking and her full weight fell onto me as I swirled my tongue across her nipples and sucked them as far back into my mouth as I could. That did the trick. Her orgasm hit her hard and she writhed against me as I continued my assault on her breasts. 

By now my pants had almost split and there was a dark stain on the front of my crotch where my cock had been leaking pre-cum. She raised herself off me slowly and looked down at my bulging jeans. 

"You did very well indeed then. I've never had both of my nipples sucked at the same time. That was incredible. Now I have to return the favour in a very special way.

She slid down until her face was level with my crotch and unfastened my jeans. Sliding her hand inside she pulled out my cock and began to rub it gently. The ache in my crotch was agony as I watched her fingers glide slowly up and down my shaft. She smiled at me and leaned forward slightly so the tip was rubbing softly against her lips as she wanked me off. She continued this for a few minutes, rubbing my cock against her lips while her free hand massaged my balls softly. What she did next excited me the most. She shifted closer to me until her tits were resting on my thighs then she began to rub the head of my cock over them. She teased me with her nipples, pushing my cock against them, rubbed it all over the large mounds and in the valley of her cleavage, coating her skin with pre-cum completely. Then she gently placed my cock between her tits and with both hands wrapped them around me until there was nothing to see but the head poking from the top of her cleavage. She held them tight and began to squeeze her nipples between her fingers as hard as she could. 

"Ok. Now the race begins. Can I make myself cum again before you coat these babies with that sticky cum you've been saving? Ready, steady, Go!"

I needed no further encouragement and began pounding my cock between her tits as she squeezed them around me. The friction was unbelievable. The sensation of all that tit flesh wrapped against my skin and the way my cock slid between them was the best thing I had ever experienced. At the same time, knowing what the combination of her nipple play and the feeling of me rubbing against her sensitive skin was doing to her made it all the sweeter. I thrust my hips forward as far and as fast as I could, pounding her tits, desperate to win the race. My cockhead banged against her chin as she moaned in her own pleasure. 

"Come on! Give me that hot cum of yours! I want to feel it all over my big tits!"

I thrust as hard as I could between her heaving tits as I felt the pressure building up in my balls. "Oh God! Here it comes! I'm gonna cum.....!"

My cock exploded between her tits and the cum shot out of her cleavage onto her face. She dipped her head and took the second blast into her open mouth as she swirled her tongue around the head of my cock each time it came within range. Her own orgasm overtook her as she pulled her nipples out as far as she could, almost screaming in her pleasure. The cum dripped of her face as I slid my cock between her tits and she opened her mouth to let the load she'd taken there fall back onto her creamy flesh. I fell back exhausted as she rubbed the huge load I'd deposited all over her tits, smiling at me all the time.

"See. I told you there were some benefits." She smiled again. "And not just for me either. I couldn't argue with that at all.

We never did anything like that again but I can safely say that's were my obsession with tits truly began. We went our separate ways after University and I haven't seen Rachel in over 10 years but I still think back to that first titty fuck.........although it wasn't the last, not by a long way........