 Born and raised in Hawaii, I lacked for nothing during my childhood.. nothing, that is, except a father. Mom never did speak of that time in her youth when she had her summer romance and ended up pregnant, and never did tell me who my natural father was, despite my curiosity and questioning as I started to blossom into womanhood. Oh, there had been a few men in her life from time to time, but nothing too serious, it was as if it had all been pre-ordained that it would just be her and me, so it was something of a shock for her when I decided to undertake my further studies at a college in the mid west of mainland USA. Many discussions and many tears later, I left Hawaii and went to college, with enough money from mom and my study insurance that mom had taken out when I was a child, to be able to take a flat in the town instead of being in a dorm.

I had seriously considered that option from the point of view of dealing with the loneliness I knew I’d feel from time to time so far from home, but the thought of being around people all the time and not having the degree of privacy and independence I was used to, decided me against it, so I found a nice small flat in a quiet part of town, and settled in.

The first year seemed to fly by so quickly, as there was always so much to do in my studies... and in my social life! At 5ft 7, with long – almost waist length – brown hair and hazel eyes, I was not the most unattractive girl around, and being blessed ( or sometimes cursed, depending on the situation.. grin ) with a fairly voluptuous body and 38c breasts, I caught the eye of many of the studs at the college. But I had a great deal of respect for myself, so dated sparingly, and indulged in sexual activity even more sparingly. In fact it wasn’t until the beginning of my second year when Glenn strode into my life that I took on my first serious relationship... well, when I say serious, I really mean ‘steady’, because even now I’m not sure it was all that serious. We did enjoy each other’s company, and we were certainly turned on to each other a great deal in those first few hectic months when the hormones seemed to drive our every waking thoughts. It was no surprise that we had sex after only a few dates, or that we enjoyed it enormously, Glenn was always extremely horny... but also extremely considerate... so made probably the best lover I’d had up to that time.

Glenn was a local and still lived with his family in a large house across town, and I remember vividly the first time I got to meet his parents. We were scheduled to attend a fancy dress party, and Glenn had picked me up in his little sports car, but had to go via his house as he’d forgotten his credit card and needed gas for the car. I had wanted to stay in the car, but he insisted I accompany him inside and ‘meet’ his parents. Well, when he introduced me to Rose and Philip, their eyes sort of widened, and I couldn’t blame then, my outfit for the party was flimsy to say the least! Whereas Glenn was going as a Pirate, I was going as a native girl, so my outfit was very Hawaiian... a bikini top that barely contained my 38c’s, and a grass skirt that exposed my long legs all the way to my hips, with only my incredibly brief thongs stopping it from being totally indecent. Rose did manage to smile a little tentatively and give me a hug, but Philip’s reaction was immediate... and totally male! Now I couldn’t swear that he got an erection, but I could feel that sensual, sexual aura radiating from him when he gave me a quick hug... and to my surprise I found myself responding, my nipples hardening instantly, a slight flush coming to my face.

While Glenn searched through his bedroom for his card, I sat and chatted to Rose and Philip, and we soon found ourselves very comfortable in each other’s presence. Rose was a Realtor, quite cultured and sophisticated, with a delicate beauty, whereas Philip was a building contractor and was handsome in a rugged sort of way, obviously at home outdoors, quite bronzed and fit looking. Both were in their mid 40’s. When we finally left for the party, it was with their words of invitation ringing in my ears, “You really must come and spend some time with us” Rose said, and Philip nodded and smiled a warm smile, “It must be difficult being so far from home, lonely at times too, so don’t be a stranger, understand?” she added.

Well I did understand, and I appreciated their offer, so much so, that over the next few weeks I found myself a frequent visitor to their house, both with and without Glenn. They became like surrogate parents to me, and maybe that’s what caused the break up with Glenn...he started to think of me and treat me more as a sister than as a lover! Oh, there wasn’t any great trauma attached to the ending, we just looked at each other one night after a furious bout of lovemaking, and realized that the spark had gone from the relationship, and there was almost a sigh of relief from Glenn when I cuddled up close and looked him in the eyes and smiled, “We can still be best friends” I whispered.

For a moment he looked surprised, then he smiled too and squeezed me, “So you’ve noticed too” he said, “I thought it was just me”

I laughed, “Well I have seen the way you react whenever Mary Withers is around” I said. And he blushed, “But you wont mind if I still come around, I get on so well with your mom and dad, and I promise I wont get in the way, with Mary or anyone... grin.. in fact I might even become your special confidante that you can bring all your problems to” I added.

He laughed, “Of course I don’t mind, and I might even take you up on that offer of confidante...I mean I haven’t found a way to attract Mary’s attention yet” he said.

I reached down and slowly stroked his cock, “Well, just drop your pants one day and show her this” I said.

He burst out laughing, and hugged and kissed me, “Damn, but I think I’m going to enjoy your wacky ideas!... should I do it in class or afterwards?”

We both dissolved into laughter... and dissolved our sexual relationship.

Over the next few weeks I was a frequent visitor to Rose and Philip’s, and found myself drawn more and more to Philip. It turned out that he’d been stationed in Hawaii for a while with the navy, over 20 years ago, so we were able to talk of places that we both knew. I was able to tell him of all the changes that had taken place, how crowded it had become, and we both sighed for more pristine times when the beautiful beaches weren’t totally crowded from sun up to sun down. Through all this Rose sat, quiet and serene, seemingly enjoying Philip‘s animated conversations, commenting at one point that she hadn’t seen him so alive in a lot of years, and it was good to see him smile and laugh, she’d begun to fear that his job responsibilities were draining the life juices out of him. She reminded him of how long it had been since they’d both taken time off and gone up to the lake, and perhaps they should do it again soon. She pointed to some of the beautiful framed photographs on the wall and proudly told me that Philip had taken them many years ago up at the lake.

I wandered over to them and were struck by their incredible beauty, a whole series of lake vistas taken from high up. At first I thought from a plane, but Philip confided that they were taken from a very special place on the mountain behind the lake, and even as he spoke of it, a misty sort of look came into his eyes, causing Rose to laugh, “Oh” she said “Even thinking of that special place sends him off into a trance, any one would think it was a gold mine or something” she said.

“Is it a really beautiful place?” I asked her.

“I guess so” she said, “I’ve never actually been up there myself, I’ve never been much one for climbing or walking long distances. When ever we go up to the lake I like to laze around by the cabin and take the occasional swim, and just veg out” Then she turned to Philip, “Hey, There’s a long weekend coming up next week, why don’t we go up to the lake?, we can even take Rachel with us if she wants to go?” she burst out, sitting up straight, sounding quite animated.

Philip didn’t sound quite so enthusiastic, although I noticed the almost longing look he cast at the photographs on the wall, talking of a project coming up. But Rose cut him off, “No, none of that, you need a break and so do I, and I’m sure Rachel would love it... and you wouldn’t want to disappoint her would you?” she said. I must have looked a little surprised, because she suddenly turned to me and said, “Oh, you do want to come with us, don’t you Rachel, you’d absolutely love it, and from hearing you talk of what you used to do on Hawaii I know you’d love the walking and Philip would have someone to go with him at last, someone to show his special view to, and I know he’s always wanted to do that, to share it with someone”

Well I had to grin at her enthusiasm, and found myself saying, “Actually, it looks so delightful and peaceful that I think I’d love to go, and I have missed my walking in nature since I’ve been here, in fact I think I could do with a rest from college for a few days... laugh.. all work and no play!”

Rose rounded on Philip, who looked bemused, yet a little pleased, “See! I told you, now you have to say yes, forget that stuffy old job for a couple of days, we’re taking Rachel to the lake, and that’s final!” she said, almost stamping her feet, and we all burst out laughing.

“Ok, Ok” Philip said, holding up his arms in a gesture of surrender, “I’m no match for two beautiful women, we’ll go!”

As I drove myself home that night, those words echoed around and around in my head, ‘two beautiful women’! did he really think I was beautiful? oh, I’d felt and seen his eyes on me at times, but after that very first time when he’d radiated that powerful sexual energy when he hugged the native girl, he seemed to have pulled back, and kept his distance. I told myself off for even thinking about it, what did it matter, after all he was old enough to be my father and married and... I shivered as my nipples hardened once again and that familiar wetness started to come between my legs... damn, perhaps it was time I started dating again, I obviously wasn’t looking after my sexual needs!

Time flew so fast, and the long weekend was upon us before I was totally prepared, but I threw a few items into a bag, not forgetting some hardy denim shorts and some hiking boots, and was outside the house when Rose and Philip came to pick me up. Strangely I hadn’t even inquired about where we were going to stay, but was surprised to find out during the drive that Rose and Philip actually owned a cabin at the lake which they hired out in summer, and which a local couple they’d known for years looked after when it was vacant. Apparently Rose had rung them and alerted them to our visit, so the cabin was all neat and tidy and stocked with food.

When we arrived it really was like a picture of heaven, the cabin was small, but neat, with two bedrooms and a large lounge kitchen area, and it was situated amongst some trees about 50 yards from the lake’s edge. After the hot journey that had taken almost 4 hours. All any of us wanted to do was take a dip, so we quickly unloaded the car and changed into our costumes, and made a dash for the water. Rose was in a delightful orange one piece that hugged her slight figure quite provocatively, and I saw Philip run his eyes up and down his wife’s body and smile warmly. Philip had on some tight speedos that showed off his body to perfection too, and I couldn’t help but notice the delicious bulge in those bathers, a bulge which I was sure grew a little larger when he turned to look at me. I had on a delicate lilac bikini, that hugged my hips but didn’t quite cover my tight ass cheeks, and covered my nipples without totally containing my ripe, firm breasts. I felt myself flush a little self consciously as I saw and felt his eyes roaming quickly all over me... and ‘thought’ I saw that bulge grow.. so I dashed into the water and swam briskly out from the shore in the incredibly cool refreshing water. I was a little surprised when Rose swam alongside and grinned at me and told me how sensational I looked in that bikini and how she wished she had the figure to fill one out. I told her she looked absolutely stunning in hers, and that pleased her enormously.

And she did actually look quite stunning... although she didn’t have large breasts they were still firm and at times – like now when the cool water caused them to react and harden – her nipples were beautifully large and long. I found myself staring at them, slightly mesmerized, until she suddenly said, “Oh god, do they look awful?”

“Oh, no “ I heard myself say, “They’re absolutely beautiful and sensuous and...blush... sexy”

Rose laughed and gave me a quick hug that nearly caused us both to drown, “You’ll never know how much those words meant to me” she whispered, “ I was starting to feel old and useless”. I blushed, not sure what to say, then Philip saved the day by swimming over and splashing us both, causing a laughing, screaming water fight that left us exhausted and ready for dinner. Mmm this weekend sure looked as if it was going to be fun.

The meal was just a light salad which we ate outside on the small porch, looking out across the lake as the sun began to set. I’d popped inside after the swim and slipped off my bikini top and put on a thin, floppy cotton T shirt that covered me modestly, but didn’t hide the fact that I wasn’t wearing a bra.. I mean larger females do tend to bounce a bit when they move around! I caught Philip’s eyes on me a few times, but I also saw him looking longingly at Rose in her orange one piece that still showed her nipples hard and long, as if she was permanently turned on... and perhaps she was! I think I would have been if I was around Philip too much. I tried to put that out of my mind as much as possible and just enjoy the view and the serenity, but my eyes were drawn to him when he got out his camera and started snapping pictures of the amazing sunset over the lake...Mmmm he looked so manly.

The tiring drive and the lovely fresh air conspired to make us all a little sleepy fairly soon after darkness fell, so we all went off to bed. Rose gave me a hug that seemed to go on for ever, and I became very conscious of her nipples poking into me, then Philip gave me a brief hug and a peck on the cheek that sent my heart beating wildly... how crazy. But he promised in the morning to take me to his special place, so I went to sleep with wonderful visions of being alone with him on the mountain.

I was awake early and dressed in my tough denim shorts and my socks and hiking boots, and a relatively thick patterned shirt, as Philip had said it got fairly rough where we were going and I didn’t want to come back covered in scratches. Philip was dressed very similarly, and he seemed pleased by the precautions I’d taken, even if it didn’t make me look the most feminine of people. So he gave Rose a big hug and kiss, and asked if she’d be ok, then we set off through the woods and up the gradual incline that led to the small mountain behind.

At first the pathway was very easy and well marked, but after about half an hour of walking, Philip suddenly veered away from the path into more dense woodland with quite a bit of undergrowth, so the going became harder and even a little steeper. A few times he stopped to help me over broken tree branches, or pull me up a particularly steep part, and on those occasions, his arm invariably brushed or pressed into my breasts.. and I had the feeling it wasn’t entirely accidental. At one point he even put his hand on my buttocks to push me up a steep incline... and left it there quite a deal longer than was absolutely necessary! But I didn’t mind, I was really enjoying the walk, and his presence. 

We didn’t talk much, we were too busy coping with the climb, our breathing getting a little labored, and he commented that he wasn’t in as good a shape as he thought he was, and when he got back home he’d have to start doing some gym work again. I just smiled, he looked in damn good shape to me! Then we were confronted by a huge rock that seemed to completely block the way, and he took my hand and drew me close, “Follow me very carefully” he said, this parts a bit awkward, and he slowly led me around a couple of trees and through a quite heavy bush, moving slowly around the rock. Then suddenly we broke through the bushes and I gasped in amazement, we were in a small clearing, no more than about 10 yards by 10 yards, looking out over the whole valley and the lake... and I knew I was seeing Philip’s special place! I even recognized some of the views I’d seen in the pictures on his wall.

“Well” he said, “What do you think?”

“It’s awesome” I said, and I walked a little forward, “Is it safe here?” I asked.

He laughed lightly, “Oh yes, It’s solid rock underneath us with just a light covering of earth and leaves and a little grass, perfectly safe as long as you don’t go jumping off” he said.

I laughed, totally intoxicated by the view. I noticed some indentations on the rock itself and knew instantly I had to climb it, go right to the top and look out over the valley in all direction. I tossed down my small back pack and started to climb, “Be careful” he called out worriedly, but I was always good at climbing, so really had no trouble getting up to the top, to stand, arms outstretched, claiming the world as my own. The view was spectacular, back the way we had come..I thought I could even see the roof of the cabin.. then over the other way, the area of his photographs... absolutely stunning.. and I opened my arms and breathed in the pristine air. And heard the faint click and whirr... glancing down to see him pointing his camera up at me and snapping away. Of course, I posed outrageously, moving around to different positions that gave him different views of my body, the breeze often flattening my shirt to my breasts, showing them off to perfection. And he kept on calling out warnings to be careful where I moved... but he didn’t once stop taking pictures... even when I was climbing down backwards and all he could see were my long legs and tight ass!

He used up a whole roll on me and my rock adventure and promised me he’d have some printed up so I could send them home. I gave him a quick hug and a peck on the cheek. He opened his pack and took out a blanket which he spread on the grass/leaves, and sat down to put another roll of film in, then started snapping away at the views. I watched him quietly, seeing him come alive completely behind the camera, and I knew that deep down this was his real love, photography.. or perhaps it was just photographing this particular, special place.

When he’d finished the second roll, he put in a third, and sat back against a tree with a smile. “Mmmm, I think we deserve something to eat after all that effort” he said, “I must admit, you handled the climb better than I expected... you’re quite a woman!” I blushed furiously.

We ate quietly and he told me how he’d come to find this place, and that he’d never seen any sign of anyone else having been here before or since.. in fact, he was certain I was only the second person ever to sit here and enjoy those views.. that made me feel so, so special. I relaxed, lying back with my head on his thighs, looking up at him, enjoying the animation in his face and his eyes as he spoke. His hand seemed to gravitate to my hair and he stroked it lightly as he told his story.. then he went silent, and I looked up, and there was a curious half wistful look on his face.

“What are you thinking about?” I asked quietly.

My words jarred him from his reverie, “Oh... nothing.. nothing at all” he said.

I laughed lightly, “Don’t give me that, you were miles away in dreamland, so what was it about?” I said.
