 Sunday, April 21st, Day 1.

Dear diary,

Alice is a bitch. She's a cunt, a dick, a heel, and a shitty friend, and I'm talking Judas Iscariot level bad friend.

Here's what happened:

Since we live in different parts of the country, we agreed to meet on board. After all the hassle of travel and the security screening, I made my way down to our assigned cabin. It's small, with two twin beds and a tiny, airline-cramped, bathroom, although with a shower. There's no window, since we booked as cheaply as possible. After all, we reasoned, we weren't planning on spending any time awake in the cabin..

My suitcase was there, but Alice's wasn't. I wondered if she'd handed hers over at a different security point, so it was taking longer to get down here.

Just then, my phone binged. It was a text from Alice.

"Sorry, Jason booked last minute trip to Vegas for us, so gotta bail. Sure u'll meet lots of gr8 people. Hav fun!"

Fucking bitch! We'd been planning this cruise together for over six months, now she dumped me at the last minute for that loser!

I slumped back onto one of the beds, tears welling in my eyes. What a shitty friend! I mean, she was never someone I could count on, not the type of friend you'd ever call on in a crisis, but still...

Should I get off, go home? I couldn't get my money back, but did I want to be all alone on this huge cruise liner, where I didn't know a soul?

Slowly it dawned on me. I didn't know anyone, but then no-one knew me. For a week, I could be someone else if I wanted. Someone who lived an exciting life. I didn't have to be Rachel, assistant lecturer in classics at a second-rate college, I could be a fun girl, a girl who partied, a girl who guys paid attention to. I might even get laid. God, it had been so long...

It's not that I'm bad looking - on the contrary, I'm quite pretty, and I have a smoking body that I work on every day. It's just that I spend too much time worrying about what people think about me, I miss opportunities, I turn down guys that are interested in me because I think they'd be turned off when they met the real me. I'm a worrier, a procrastinator.

But now I don't have to be. I've made up my mind. For this week, I'm going to be someone else. I'll give in to impulses, I'll drink and flirt and dance and have fun.

This alternate me needed a name. The boring, practical Rachel chimed in, "you have monogrammed luggage - you need to pick a name that starts with R". As if anyone would be paying attention to a suitcase, but the name "Roxanne" jumped in to my head.

I've never met anyone named Roxanne, but it seems like a bad girl's name, the kind of girl who would have sex on a first date, something Rachel has NEVER done.

I've decided to be Rachel in the AM, and Roxanne in the PM for the rest of the cruise, but just for tonight, I'm letting Rachel have her way - it's been a really long day, driving to the airport, a layover, standing in line, stressing about Alice.

Goodnight, Diary.

Monday, April 22nd, Day 2.

Dear Diary,

This morning, Rachel had her run and a yoga class, followed by a nice, relaxing swim, but in the afternoon, Roxanne went shopping.

I spent hours browsing the multitude of stores on board, and bought some sexy underwear, a negligee and some perfume Rachel considered way too whorish.

I had a leisurely dinner, then headed back to my room. On the way back, I got a nagging feeling in the back of my mind - there was something Roxanne would never go out without. I stopped by the pharmacy and studied the vast selection of condoms. What would Roxanne buy? Extra large, "ribbed for her pleasure". This was the first big test of the Roxanne persona. Rachel had always found the idea of buying condoms mortifying, but Roxanne had no problem. I sauntered up to the counter, the sales girl rang them up without even looking up at me and I handed over the cash (a little bit of Rachel there, worried about the naughty purchase being traced back to her) and strolled back to my cabin, dizzy with the ridiculous little success I'd just had.

I'd bought a box of twelve and, back in my cabin, I used up four practicing putting them on a banana. I figured Roxanne was the kind of girl who would take the initiative in this situation. Then Rachel took the used ones down the hall to a trash can, so the maid wouldn't find them in her room.

I took a long shower and took great pains with shaving. For only the second time in my life, I shaved my pussy. Roxanne DEFINITELY went bare. It felt so nice, all smooth and velvety. I wondered if I could really summon up the courage to let someone touch it this week.

Once dry, I put on a white, lacy g-string I'd just bought and then pulled my little black dress out of the closet. As you may remember, dear Diary, I bought it a few years ago in a fit of madness, and since my mother always told me "a lady shows legs or cleavage, but never both", I've never worn it before.

It looked sensational on me. It really emphasized my trim figure, and the built-in underwired bra pushed my small boobs up to spectacular effect. It was scandalously short, I'd have to be careful about sitting down. But that was Rachel thinking - maybe Roxanne might like to flash a little panty!

I thought about what to do with my hair. Instead of Rachel's ponytail, Roxanne wore her hair up, with a few sultry whisps trailing across her face. I put on the siren-red lipstick Roxanne bought that day, and made sure to emphasize my eyes.

In the little clutch bag went the lipstick, my phone, and a couple of condoms. I felt so deliciously slutty!

I headed to the bar and got myself a cosmopolitan (that's what sexy girls drink, right, Diary?) and settled myself on a bar stool to listen to the surprisingly good lounge singer. I was way too early (thanks, Rachel,) and it took a while for the scene to liven up, but eventually a small group of good-looking guys arrived and took a booth. I noticed a few glances in my direction. Shortly, a dark-haired guy came up to the bar. They had waitress service, so I knew he was coming up to talk to me. 

He stood by me and ordered himself a drink. With what seemed like a monumental effort, he turned to me.

"Um, can I buy you a drink?"

Rachel would have said, "I already have one," and looked at him scornfully. He would have slunk away, and Rachel would spend the rest of the evening scolding herself.

"Thanks," smiled Roxanne, "I'd love another cosmo."

He ordered the drink, and I drained the one I was holding. So far, so good.

We sipped our drinks, and made awkward small talk.

We agreed that the ship was big, the cabins small, the shopping selection huge, some of the people even huger.

He made a few lame jokes, and I laughed as if they were funny. I was actually having a good time.

All though this, he kept making what I'm sure he thought were surreptitious glances at my cleavage.

Eventually, I said "do you want to see them?"

He blushed a deep red, and began to stammer an apology.

I lifted my hand and pressed a finger to his lips.

"Do. You. Want. To. See. Them?"

He nodded dumbly.

"Then invite me to your cabin."

He looked shocked.

"Now..." I said, gently.

"Um, yes, would you like..."

"Yes," I interrupted, "lead the way."

We left the bar, and out of the corner of my eye I saw a couple of his friends giving him a thumbs-up. I grinned inwardly to myself.

We went deep down into the ship, much lower than my cabin, and his was even more cramped. After only one day aboard, it was already a pig sty, clothes and empty bottles everywhere. Rachel would never have stayed.

I grabbed the front of his t-shirt, pulled him toward me, and kissed him hard, forcing my tongue into his mouth. He froze for a split second, obviously not used to a woman being so forward, but then hungrily kissed me back.

I pressed my body against him, and soon felt his cock stiffen against my crotch.

"Unzip me," I mumbled into his mouth.

His hands groped around on my back until he found the zipper, and pulled it down in one swift motion.

I pushed him back so he sat on the bed, then let the dress drop off me, revealing my small, pert breasts to him.

"Oh, God, they're beautiful," he said, mesmerized.

I nudged his knees apart, then moved between them and pulled his head in to my chest. He began to lick and suck my perky, dusty pink nipples. He was good at this, and soon they felt hard enough to cut glass.

He ran his hands up my thighs, finally finding my firm ass and pressing his fingers into my flesh in a way that sent tingles up my spine.

"Take off your shirt," I said.

As he was doing so, when his arms were up and the t-shirt over his face, I pushed him back onto the bed and quickly straddled him. He struggled out of the shirt, laughing, and pulled me down onto him, my tits pressed against his muscular chest. We kissed some more, and he felt my ass, his fingers straying down between my legs and brushing the skimpy fabric of my panties.

Suddenly, I sat up on him, then grabbed his elbows and pushed his arms up over his head, pressing my boobs into his face as I did so.

Like in every cabin, there was a large yellow-pages on the night stand (God only knows why,) and I took it and put it in his hands.

I looked him right in the eye.

"You keep holding on to that. Your arms come down, I'm out of here, understand?"

He looked surprised, but nodded.

I slithered down his body, kissing his chest and gently biting his nipples, until my face was right over his bulging crotch.

I undid his belt, then the button, and finally his zipper, then pulled his jeans and boxers off in one go. I left his socks on, something Rachel would never tolerate.

His cock was beautiful, and rock-hard, bobbing gently against his flat stomach.

I spread his knees and crawled back up between his legs until I was at his balls. They were perfectly shaved, and I carefully sucked one into my mouth.

"Oh, my God!" he groaned.

I looked up.

"You keep those arms up," I warned, then began licking his balls and sucking them, oh so gently. He moaned in pleasure. I ran my tongue up the length of his shaft, then took the head of his cock between my lips. I made a few little kissing and sucking motions, causing him to twitch, then took as much of his length into me as I could.

I sucked up and down, my tongue probing the tip, my lips pressing firmly all around, and with my right hand I began to fondle his balls, rolling them between my fingers, tugging the loose skin, pressing firmly up against his taint.

"Jesus," he moaned, "you're so fucking hot!"

I stood up beside the bed and hooked my thumbs under the waistband of my panties.

"Ready?" I asked.

"Oh yes," he replied, "do I still have to keep my arms up?"

I nodded, then turned my back on him and slowly, oh so slowly, pulled down my g-string. I kept my legs closed tightly, so the string was trapped between my pussy lips, and I had to pull hard to free it - I know men liked to see that.

Once I stepped out of the panties, I spread my legs and bent all the way over. He mumbled something incoherent about heaven, and I straddled him, facing the foot of the bed, and pressed my shaved, wet, spread pussy onto his face.

He eagerly lapped at it, exploring every fold, sucking on my lips, pushing his tongue inside me and tasting my juices. It was amazing. I've never felt so alive and sexual and in control in my life

I bent forward and took his cock into my mouth again, my hand tight around the shaft, gently rocking back and forth against him, moving slightly backward so my clit was over his tongue. He sucked and licked it, and I moaned in pleasure.

"Finger me," I commanded, "you can drop that stupid book."

In an instant, I felt his hands between my legs, probing, gently tugging and pinching my lips, then slipping inside my cunt, while his mouth continued working my clit. He brushed a finger across my asshole, then, not sensing any objection, gently began to press against it. Whenever he tried to get more than the tip of one finger inside, I pulled away a little, I wasn't ready for that, so he kept just gently stroking the outside.

In my pussy, however, he pushed as deep as he could, but I needed more.

I climbed off him again, and fumbled in my purse for a condom. I unwrapped it and rolled it onto him like a pro, then straddled him again.

I raised my self as high as I could on my knees, and took a firm hold of his cock. I rubbed the tip up and down my snatch a few times, then positioned it just inside my hole. I put my hands on his chest, then very slowly impaled myself on him.

He let out a long, throaty groan, and trust his hips up against me.

It felt so fucking good to have a cock inside me, I'd almost forgotten.

I laid myself down against his chest and began rocking back and forth, riding his cock. His hands gripped my ass, and I let him guide the rhythm. We kissed, softly at first, then getting more urgent.

He slid one hand between us, groping at my tits again, so I lifted up a little to let him tug and twist my nipples, sending jolts of electricity directly to my clit.

I lifted myself all the way upright, and began to ride him hard, sometimes pausing at the top to tease him, but then plunging forcefully down to push as much of him into my cunt as I could. I leaned further back, so his cock pressed against my g-spot, and he put his thumb on my clit and began to rub it in time to our fucking.

I could feel myself getting close to orgasm.

"Oh God, yes, like that," I moaned, "yes, I'm going to cum!"

He began to grunt, and thrust harder, and I knew he was as close as I was.

I felt the familiar heat spreading across my body from my clit, my legs tensed and began to tremble, I felt dizzy, and saw flashes in front of my tightly-shut eyes. Wave after wave swept across me, and I clenched my cunt as tight as I could around his cock.

He let out a huge groan, and I felt his cock spasm inside me, pushing another wave of orgasm across me. He grabbed my tits and squeezed them so hard that it hurt, but in such a fucking good way. He thrust his hips up against me, almost lifting me off the bed, then slumped back, spent.

My orgasm began to subside too, and I remembered to breathe. 

I could already feel his cock begin to soften inside me, so I slipped it out of me, then laid my head on his heaving chest.

I'm not sure how long I slept, but when I woke, he was still asleep, so I quietly climbed off, pulled my dress back on, and padded back to my cabin barefoot, holding my shoes.

I left him my panties as a trophy to show his buddies, and as a reason to go buy more.

Well, dear Diary, my first day as Roxanne has been amazing. I think she and I are going to be great friends.