  [This is based on true events that happened a couple of year's ago. Of course the names have been changed to protect the not so innocent but Rachel is a very real person and the story follows our adventures during 1999 and 2000. Yes, there is some fantasy involved here, but I'll let you work it out, it'll add to the fun!] 

* * * * *

 (In which I hire a new assistant and find out she is not as prim as I had thought) 

I hired Rachel as my P.A. almost six months ago. 

I worked as a director of a leasing company and found myself in the classic chicken and egg situation - the workload was increasing fast, I was desperate for help but I just didn't have time to interview for an assistant. It was just luck that one of the girls who worked in our customer service department happened to ask me if I could find a position for her friend who was out of work. I told her to tell her friend to come in as soon as possible and, when she did, I hired her there and then. 

Rachel was 25, around five-six, shoulder length dark hair, smart, presentable and, although no beauty, she had very sexy blue eyes, a lovely smile and from what I could tell, what appeared to be a pretty good body under the suit.

She started working for me in November 1999 and, at first, I didn't take much notice of her in a sexual way. She seemed happily married, almost prudish, always talking about her husband and working long hours at night and at weekends which certainly reduced my workload.

After she worked for me for a little over two months I was shocked to hear from one of the girls in the office that Rachel was not the prude I thought she was. She had already slept with at least two of the salesmen and apparently became something of a wild thing after a few drinks. 

One Thursday evening in early March some of the staff was going to the local bar for a drink and I said I would pop in join them for half an hour. As soon as I arrived one of the girls from accounts, Danielle, came and sat next to me and asked if I would take Rachel home as she was a bit the worse for wear. As it was on my way home and I'm a conscientious employer I agreed. 

On the way home she started telling me how horny she felt and how she was attracted to me. Of course, I pointed out that she was drunk, I was married and it was the drink talking. 

Rachel explained that all were true and that she couldn't wait to get her home and get her hands on her husbands cock. I couldn't believe what she was telling me. She then explained exactly was she was going to do to him and, by the way, what really turned her on is being watched whilst she's having sex.

Her lick-by-lick, explicit account of what she was going to do to her husband was turning me on and, as we drove, she stroked my thigh and gazed at the bulge in my trousers. I looked across at her and she just sat there with a stupid grin on her face. She was a real tease and she kept this, (and me) up until we arrived outside her home by which time she had convinced me that if I stood outside the lounge window she would show me exactly what she'd been describing and how much she'd love to watch me watching her getting fucked without her husband knowing. 

I had admitted to being a bit of a voyeur and, for some reason, although completely out of character, I accepted the dare.

Rachel got out of the car, told me drive out of the driveway, park in the street and walk back to the house. She said to hurry as she was 'gagging for it'!

I parked up, quietly walked to the back of the house, walked away again and then back trying to decide if this was as ridiculous a thing as I had ever done in my life. I decided it was but my curiosity got the better of me and I sidled up to the window and peeked carefully through the full-length glass patio door. 

Rachel's husband, an ordinary looking guy with blond hair was sat on the far end of the sofa, which was perpendicular to the door with the nearest end only about four feet away from me. I saw Rachel enter the room, lean over the back of the couch and kiss her husband. He seemed to be watching the TV at the right hand side of the room as I faced it, and he didn't seem that interested in Rachel so she kissed him again, this time for longer and ran her hands down his chest and under his T-shirt, pulling it up revealing a wiry hairless chest. 

She pinched his nipples and having had his attention redirected, he now reached up behind him and ran his fingers through her hair as they kissed. 

Rachel broke off the kiss, walked around the couch and towards the door. She saw me standing there, hidden to one side and the sexy smile became a broad grin. She mouthed me a kiss and partly closed the curtains, leaving a foot or so gap, in the centre of which was a large plant so she had figured I would have a good view inside without being seen.

As it turned out, if I was her husband, I certainly wouldn't want to look out the window. 

She walked back to the sofa and knelt astride her husband whose name, I later found out, was Don and resumed their passionate embrace. As they kissed his hands caressed her breasts through her top and I noticed her nipples swell against the thin material.

She broke away and pulled his shirt over his head. I watched as her tongue then probed his mouth and I saw his hands lifting her top upwards over her head to expose a well filled, white lacy, cut away bra. He pushed her back and lowered his head to kiss the tops of her milky breasts. 

She reached behind her back, unclasped the bra and her two large globes bounced into view. I had never realised that Rachel had such beautiful large tits and what particularly turned me on was her nipples. I had never seen nipples like them. They were erect and huge. From where I was stood, I guessed they were over three-quarters of an inch long and as thick as my middle finger. 

Don lowered his head and licked them in turn before taking the left one into his mouth and sucking on it. God, how I wished I could have swapped places with him. I could spend hours playing with those beauties. As he had his head bent sucking those magnificent breasts Rachel turned to face me and gave me a look that left me in no doubt how much she was enjoying having her tits sucked. I couldn't hear anything through the glass but she looked like she was moaning as he sucked her large nipples. 

Don was obviously a tit freak like me and he really gave them the attention they deserved. For a good five minutes he kissed and sucked and licked those big tits until they were covered in his saliva and all the time Rachel had her head thrown back, her mouth open, running her fingers through his hair, her closed eyes opening only occasionally to make sure I was watching. 

Don kissed up her chest to her neck and then gently pushed her down on the sofa. He moved across and straddled her and carried on licking those giant nipples. As he continued sucking them Rachel had her eyes closed and her hand reached down and unbuttoned his jeans. 

She pushed her hands inside the waistband and pushed them down revealing his hard cock. It was about six inches long and very thick. I could see Rachel gently stroking it up and down.

At this point I realised my own erection was becoming uncomfortable and I reached down, unzipped my trousers, pulled out my cock and started stroking it in time with Rachel's hand.

Don crawled forward until his cock was over Rachel's face and put the tip next to her lips. She opened her mouth and he leaned further forward and pushed the hard cock in. She opened her mouth wide and began sucking his cock as he gently fucked her mouth. She turned her head sideways and stared straight at me as her husbands cock slid in and out of her mouth. Even with her mouth full of cock, she managed to smile again and she waved at me behind his back. 

Don carried on thrusting and she easily took his full length until his balls rested on her chin and I could only imagine the sexy slurping sounds as his cock speeded up its thrusting in and out of her mouth.

Don's mouth was open and I could see him breathing hard, as he fucked her mouth. He was obviously not going to be able to carry on this cock sucking for much longer without coming. Rachel was now holding his ass cheeks and pulling him forward deep into her throat. He took a deep breath and pulled back. He moved off her, stood up and took off his jeans. I could see his stiff cock twitching, and gleaming with her saliva. 

He bent down, undid Rachel jeans and pulled them off as she lay there, gazing out the window at me, followed by her white lace panties. She opened her legs wide, and pulled apart her pussy lips. No doubt Don thought to give him easy access but I'm sure she did it to give me a good view of her glistening cunt because she was looking straight at me as she held her lips open. 

Don was obviously as desperate to fuck her as I was to see her get fucked because he wasted no time getting on top of her and ramming his cock to the hilt into her pussy. He started fucking her furiously and she wrapped her arms and legs around him so all I could see was his ass going up and down and his balls slapping against her. I started to wank faster as it seemed that this frantic fucking couldn't last long. However, Rachel had other ideas and was obviously keen to put on a show. 

She unravelled herself from him, turned and pushed him up and then onto his back so his feet were nearest me. She then straddled him with her back to Don and sitting, facing me only a few feet away through the glass, she lifted herself up slightly, stood up his cock with her hand and gently lowered herself onto it. She then started to gyrate up and down on his cock, fucking him slowly.

Don's head was tucked into the corner of the sofa behind Rachel and, safe in the knowledge that all he could see was the ceiling and Rachel's back, she lifted a hand and beckoned me forward. I stepped forward and as soon as she saw me standing there with my cock sticking out to it's full seven inches gently wanking myself, her eyes widened and broad grin returned.

She increased the pace and she sure put a show of how much she was enjoying it. 

Her gorgeous big tits were bouncing up and down on each stoke and, although I still couldn't hear inside the room I could imagine the sound as they slapped her chest on each downward thrust. 

She moved her hand up and down in front of her and the message was clear. She wanted to see me wanking at the same pace and so, as her speed increased I started wanking more furiously. Her hands moved up and she started pinching and pulling on those large nipples. As she pulled them forward her big tits were still bouncing up and down behind and I didn't need to be a lip reader to understand the obscenities streaming from her mouth as Don's hands came forward and took over playing with her tits, pulling, squeezing and pinching them as he started to buck up and down, faster and faster to meet her strokes. 

She moved her hand up and down faster to make it clear Don was going to come and I should as well. She didn't really have to coax me as I was actually having trouble holding back. Suddenly Don gave a few final hard thrusts and buried his cock in her cunt, Rachel's eyes widened in lust and her mouth formed an 'O' as she inhaled deeply as she felt him coming deep inside her. 

At the same time, she looked at me pleadingly and gestured as an order for me to come as well and I duly did, my come spraying up into the air, onto the patio window, the ground, just about everywhere in fact. I never remembered coming so hard. I saw Rachel lick her lips and stick out her tongue, both in appreciation and to indicate that she wished she were there to swallow my come.

I stood there panting, trying to regain control and Rachel just looked through the window and laughed. 

She had Don's Semi- hard cock in her hand and she wiped what remained of his come from the tip with her finger before sucking the finger deep into her mouth. God, what a turn on this woman was.

After a few more seconds I thought it would be wise to leave so I waved to Rachel, returned to my car and drove home, replaying this amazing experience again and again in my head.