 I awoke the next morning alone in the bed. I could hear Harry up on deck fiddling around with something. I stretched out and sighed contentedly. The previous night had been beyond ecstasy for me. Never in my wildest dreams did I imagine that I could feel so good.

I heard Harry whistling and his footfalls above my head on the deck. I figured he was checking the rigging or the anchor. I stretched again and then bounded from the bed. I went to the head and checked my reflection in the mirror. My chin had a white crusty patch on it and I smiled as I remembered how it had gotten there.

I finished my duties and brushed my teeth. Wrapping a towel around myself, I went up on deck. Sure enough, Harry was forward checking something on the anchor rode. I stepped gingerly from the cockpit up to the deck and stepped up behind him. 

"Good morning, handsome." I beamed.

He turned around to face me and flashed me a huge grin, "'Morning back atcha, Babe."

He stood up to face me and I jumped into his arms, forgetting the towel wrapped around me, which fell to the deck. I didn't care, I was naked in the sunshine with him on his boat and I felt wonderful! He let out a deep laugh as he swept me into his arms and we locked our lips in a passionate kiss.

I felt his cock begin to grow against me as he crushed me to him. Giggling, I spun from his grasp and dance naked across the deck. Striking, what I thought to be, a seductive pose, I flashed him a challenging grin.

Bellowing in mock rage, he charged towards me. I skipped lightly around the side stays and bounded down into the cockpit. There, I stood with my legs apart and my hands on my hips, smiling defiantly back at him.

"Ha, ha, ha little girl. You're much too quick for me. I guess, you win. You have escaped me."

My jaw dropped in mock surprise and I leapt up to him, wrapping my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck. Our lips mashed in a deep kiss as his hands roamed freely down my back to cup my ass. I felt his fingers slide along my slit, causing me to shiver in delight.

He broke the kiss and said, "Maybe you would like some coffee."

I smiled mischievously, "Maybe I would like something else to drink."

He laughed his deep hearty laugh once again. "No, your lessons will continue in a bit. But first, we need to have some sustenance."

Pouting, I let my legs slip from his waist. "Shall I put on some clothes too?"

"Well, that's entirely up to you. As you can see, we are all alone with little chance of being disturbed. I like you just as you are."

A little while later, after a breakfast of eggs, bacon, toast and coffee, we sat at the table. Harry got serious. "Rachel, how do you really feel about last night?"

I smiled my broadest smile, "Harry, I loved it. You were so gentle and loving. I never imagined I could feel so good."

"But I'm thirty-five years older than you are."

"Thirty-three, but who's counting? I don't care about age. It's you I care about. Can't you see that?"

His face softened. "For how long, is the question? You see Rach, I have only given my heart away to one woman before. You are so young that we don't really have that much in common."

I had to get stern with him. "We have much more in common than you think. We both love the same music, sixties rock and roll, we love movies, and," I smiled evilly, "I adore sucking you."

He guffawed, "Well, you are right about that, I love you sucking me too."

This time I had to laugh out loud. "Harry, why can't we just try it for awhile? If you don't like it, you can send me home. All you have to say is 'Get out.' And I'll be gone."

His face took on a serious visage again. "That's not what I'm concerned about. I'm concerned that you will become tired of me, see some young buck and go traipsing off."

I took his face in my hands. "Don't you remember me telling you last night that I have had a crush on you since I was three? Don't get me wrong, I loved Jen, but I was also jealous."

He smiled back at me. "Ok, we'll give it a try."

I positively beamed at him. "Where shall we go first?"

"I think we'll stay here for a few days and then head back to port. We'll provision up for a trip and then head down to the keys. How's that sound?"

"Wonderful!" then a bit coquettishly, "What shall we do here for a few days?"

He grinned back wolfishly. "I have a few ideas."

I raised an eyebrow, "Care to share?"

He got to his feet, swept around the table and scooped me up into his arms. He then carried me to his cabin and unceremoniously dumped me onto the bed. He stood at the foot of the bed and stripped off his clothes. His hard cock sprang out in front of him as he joined me on the bed.

We fell into each others arms and our lips locked together. I wrapped my leg over him and ground my aching quim on his thigh. I was panting with desire as he pushed me on my back and positioned himself between my splayed legs.

He braced himself on his hands above me and stared into my eyes. I was whimpering with pent up desire. He took one of my hands in his and placed it on his cock. Helping me guide it, we rubbed the head along my slit, getting it wet.

He removed his hand and I continued to rub it into my slit. Our eyes were locked as I began to pull him into me. I gasped as I felt him stretch me. Slowly he pushed it in. finally, my hand was flattened between us as I felt our hair intertwine and he was fully in me.

Never had I felt such fullness. Slowly, he withdrew until just the head was inside. Then he pushed back in. to grind our pelvises together. I wrapped my arms around his neck and opened myself fully to him.

He took this for the invitation it was and began a rhythmic thrusting in and out of me. I locked my heels behind his back and tried to draw more of him into me.

He was braced on his hands above me and our eyes were locked together. His pace quickened and I began to feel a fire in the pit of my stomach. All of a sudden, it burst upon me like a tidal wave. "Oooohhh yesssss!" I cried as he began to pound into me.

My orgasms seemed to come one after another! I rode the crest of one until I thought it had subsided only to find myself climbing to another, higher crest! Still he pounded into me.

I opened my eyes to see his eyes sort of glassed over. He was really thrusting now! Suddenly, he stopped stroking and stiffened. I thought he was having a stroke or something. Then I felt it. His cock swelled and then pulsed inside of me. He was cumming! Spurt after spurt hit my womb. This sent me into another series of orgasms that had me weak and breathless.

Finally, he collapsed on top of me and we lay there like that for quite a while. His cock slowly withered and slipped from me. I could feel his juice flowing freely out of me down the crack of my ass. With a grunt, he rolled off of me and lay beside me, breathing heavily.

I propped myself up on my elbow and showered his face with little kisses. "That was unbelievable! I love you!"

He chuckled and wrapped me in his arms. "I love you, too."

We lay there contentedly and drifted off into a well deserved sleep.

To be continued...