 Rachel thought she heard a faraway train, but the noise faded a little bit and she knew it was the sound of the pulse behind her ears. Her heart rate dropped slowly and the sound or her own breath joined the din in her head. Reality crept back into her mind. 

She opened her eyes to the dim light and saw Zach's silhouette over her, holding himself on his arms. She wanted to speak, but her mouth was filled with her own hair. Zach balanced on one hand, pulled the wet tress from her mouth, and let it lay against her cheek. Rachel took a deep breath and tried to speak once again, but that part of her brain was still impaired. She was vaguely aware of her feet. She could see them and they felt very warm. Her brain went to work on this puzzle. 

She could see her feet because her knees were pulled up to her breasts and her calves were held tight against Zach's shoulders. Her feet were warm because she was warm all over. Zach rocked back on his knees to let her legs down to rest on the bed and his cock slipped from her. Her thighs were throbbing and she slid her hand down her belly to cup her pussy. It was hot to the touch and swollen, and the lips were slick with her cream. 

She touched her clit and was shocked to find it numb and insensitive. Her finger circled it slowly, searching for the familiar sensations. The only time this happened before was a weekend alone, when she masturbated herself to soreness, with more orgasms than she could count. Now her mind cleared and the memory of the past hour came to her. Zach's mouth and fingers all over her body, working her slowly into her first orgasm, letting her relax for a moment and beginning again bringing back to the crest, holding her there for a moment and letting her tumble over the edge, each successive time with growing intensity until the tumble became a freefall. 

She lay content, rocking her head on the pillow, running her fingers through her hair when she felt his shoulders press against her calves as he rose on his knees. Zach held Rachel's ankles together with one hand and pushed and lifted at the same time, raising her ass high enough to slip a pillow under her. 

His cock pressed against the base of her spine as he leaned forward. It slipped up as he leaned over her, and pressed firmly against her anus. Rachel's eyes and mouth opened wide together. Zach grinned and shifted again. The head of his cock probed her slit, playing and parting the lips. Rachel closed her eyes, anticipating his thrust, but Zach's cock moved higher, sawing across her swollen clitoris and over her mound. She gasped opened her eyes as he pulled back and came down on her again, slipping inside with one smooth motion. 

They were locked to together, Rachel unable to move, pinned under him. Zach bent down gently kissed her lips and brushed her hair out of her eyes. He rocked his hips just enough to pull back and them pushed in deep. Rachel felt the tremor in her belly begin again as Zach's teeth played at her lips and cheek, nipping and pulling as the slow thrust brought her to a new series of peaks. This time he backed off, keeping her at the edge longer, holding her there, and letting it build. 

The slow rhythm drove her insane. No man had ever done this before. It seemed a deliberate tease. She had already lost count of her orgasms and now this seemed more a cruel tease until the first one came upon her without warning. Zach changed his angle slightly and touched something inside her. It sent a spark up her spine, forcing her to gasp, sucking her hair in her mouth. She clamped down and felt more sparks, each one stronger than the last. Zach pressed down on her, putting his mouth to her ear. 

"Yes, Babydoll," he whispered. "Show me how good it is. You know what I want. Give it to me."

The roar in her head drowned out the sound of his voice as her head began to swim. 

Now, Zach was kneeling between her thighs as feeling returned below her waist. His cock stood out straight and he looked down at her with the same smirk he had earlier that evening when she opened the door for him. 

Rachel wrapped her hand around his cock. It was hot to her touch and slick with her cream. She curled her fingers tight and felt his heart beat in the veins. She pulled him down to her slit and Zach leaned forward to let it slide inside her again. Rachel flexed her pelvis and his shoulders flinched. She smiled, happy to know that still worked, no matter how numb she was. He began to rock again, this time with a more urgent rhythm. Rachel ran her hands over his chest, combing her fingers through the hair. He moaned as her soft hands rolled across his nipples. 

"Oh, you like that, don't you," she said with a grin. Zach looked down to see Rachel's teeth bared as she hissed the words. "I like a man with sensitive nipples." 

Her fingers caught each nipple and squeezed gently. Zach closed his eyes and moaned again. Her voice drove him to thrust harder. She pulled his nipples and he felt it in the base of his cock. She held her arms rigid, forcing him to pull against her fingers as he pulled back. Rachel sucked her bottom lip between her teeth and squeezed his cock as he thrust inside her and his entire body tensed. 

A familiar heat grew in his groin and his breath became a pant. He closed his eyes and the scene played in his mind, viewed from above the bed. Rachel's white legs clamped against his ribs, her heels rubbing his ass. Zach rocked faster, making his balls swing under him, tugging at his cock and slapping her with each thrust. 

His nipples stung with each stroke as Rachel tugged and twisted, pulling him closer to him. She turned her elbows out to keep her finger tight as he sank down on her. The heat filling his cock moved inside him, pulling his balls up close to his body. Zach groaned through clinched teeth and thrust harder, trying to keep the swing and slap. 

"Show me how good it is," Rachel purred. "You know what I want. Give it to me." 

Her voice sounded far away. He opened his eyes to see her face close to him and felt her breath against his chin. Rachel held her breath and bore down as hard as she could. A spasm racked his spine, forcing him to grind against her, falling down, crushing her hands between them, as his cock pumped inside her clasping pussy. Zach pressed his mouth to hers as he bucked furiously, unable to stop, until the last pulse faded away. 

Zach stayed in place, his lips still pressed to hers, rigid from his knees to his neck. Rachel struggled for air. In a moment, his mouth slid across her cheek, and the weight of his head settled onto the pillow, his face in her hair. Rachel put her arms around his shoulders, feeling his chest expand with each breath, which slowly became softer until they were breathing together.