 I grinned up at Harry from my kneeling position on the cabin floor. He was still a bit glassy eyed. Just about then, we heard the sound of footsteps up on deck. A robust knocking at the hatch. "Hey there neighbors, anyone aboard?" It was George from the adjacent sailboat.

I scurried to scoop up my bikini and beat a hasty retreat to the forward cabin. Harry struggled into his shorts and called for them to come on down.

I reentered the main cabin after slipping into a halter top and some shorts to find George and Julia lounging on the settee and Harry fixing some drinks in the galley. George and Julia fixed me with knowing grins but didn't say anything. I just smiled back.

Harry turned to me and said, "Hey babe, George and Julia just popped over to invite us to dinner."

Before I could respond, George spoke up. "Rachel, we would like it if you guys came over. We have some great lobsters ready to boil!" His bright grin was mesmerizing.

I shrugged. "It sounds good to me."

George clapped his hands. "Great!" He exclaimed. "We'll finish these drinks and head over."

A few minutes later, we saw them off in their dingy. Harry and I took a quick shower together and dressed in shorts and t-shirts. We boarded our dingy and motored over to the larger boat. After making the dingy fast to the stern rail, we boarded.

George called out from below decks, "C'mon down. The water is just starting to boil."

We entered their cabin and saw Julia busy in their galley with putting the lobsters into the pot. She was dressed in a simple backless summer dress that made it obvious that she was braless. George had on shorts and a t. 

About that time I became aware that George was sort of staring at me. I looked down self-consciously and notice that the t-shirt I had on left very little to the imagination. My dark nipples were quite visible through the thin fabric. I crossed my arms over my chest and furtively looked away.

The next couple of hours went by fairly smoothly as we made small talk about our future plans and destinations and ate a lovely meal. We were sitting in their cabin after dinner sipping drinks. I must confess that with the before dinner drinks, several bottles of wine and now after dinner drinks, I was feeling slightly toasty.

George turned to Harry. "Harry, we have this new video camera that we want to try out. It makes videos right onto DVDs." He passed it over to Harry.

Harry took it and hefted it in his hands. "It's very light. Does it make good movies?"

A look passed between George and Julia. "Well, we don't know. We haven't tried it yet. Would you give us a helping hand?"

Harry shrugged. "Sure. What do you need me to do?"

George took a deep breath. "Well, we have always wanted to have a movie made of us but we don't want the stilted rigid framework of a tripod setup. We want someone to be able to move around and get different angles."

Harry hadn't gotten it yet, but I had a feeling I knew what was afoot. Somehow, it sort of excited me. "Sure George. You want me to take it over to our boat and get movies of you guys getting under way tomorrow?"

Julia shook her head. "Not exactly, Harry. We want you to take movies of us in there." She indicated their cabin over her shoulder by flicking her head in that direction.

"Oh." Harry said. Then his eyes got kind of wide and he said, "Oh!"

George, Julia and I burst into laughter at Harry's discomfort. Eventually, Harry joined in too. I was just toasty enough to be excited at the prospect. "I've never seen two people doing it before." I blurted out.

They all turned to me. "You want to give it a try?" Harry asked.

I tossed my blonde hair back and put on a defiant tone. "Sure, why not?" I was anything but sure at that moment.

Harry shrugged. "OK. Let's give it a try. George, what do you want us to do?"

George clapped his hands and jumped to his feet. "Great! Why don't you two just go in our cabin and get the camera ready? It's already got a fresh DVD in it and it should be good for a couple of hours. When we come in just start rolling. Feel free to move around and get different angles. Close-ups too."

Harry and I went into their cabin. It was quite impressive. It had a queen-sized bed in the middle and rich teak wood drawers all around the room. There was plenty of room to move around the bed on three sides. It was well lit with several overhead lights supplemented with candles all around the room.

Harry and I took up positions near the headboard off to one side. Harry check out the camera and figured out how to zoom in and out and where the record and stop buttons were. 

A few minutes later, George and Julia entered and acted as if we weren't there. They embraced at the foot of the bed and began a slow sensual kiss. George's hands began to roam over her back and ass. I could hear her slightly mewling into his mouth. It was obvious to me that she was turned on to this process. I, too, was feeling heat between my legs.

Harry was shooting a long shot of the couple. George reached up and peeled Julia's t-shirt over her head. Her large tits bounced free and I head a sharp intake of breath from Harry. George leaned over to take a nipple into his mouth and suckle it to hardness. Harry zoomed in for a close-up.

Julia threw her head back in pleasure as George alternated between her two, now very hard, nipples. His hands were busy slipping her shorts down her tanned legs. She had no tan lines. Her bush was as fiery red as her head hair. She kicked her foot aside to throw off the shorts.

Taking his head in her hands, she removed his lips from her tit. Her nipple came out of his mouth with an audible "pop". Sitting down on the edge of the bed, she unfastened his shorts and lowered them down his legs. 

She had a little difficulty as his cock was quite hard by now. It sprang up in front of her face and bobbed around for a bit before she ceased its movement by engulfing it in her mouth.

This time I gasped out loud. Harry had moved around beside them and knelt down to get a better shot. Her tongue shot out and lapped around the head, and then she made her way down to the base. She lifter his cock up so she could suck and lick his balls. Pumping his cock slowly with her hand she alternately took first one ball, then the other into her mouth and gently sucked them.

His cock glistened with the combination of her spittle and his pre-cum. She stuck out her tongue and made a broad stroke up to the tip where she took him in her mouth again. Reaching behind him to clasp his ass in both hands, she encouraged him to fuck her mouth.

He began to pump his cock in and out of her mouth. Deeper and deeper he went until her nose was burying in his pubic hair with each stroke. Saliva and pre-cum drooled down her chin in a steady stream to land on her tits, causing them to glisten in the light.

I was barely breathing, so mesmerized with the sight. Somehow, I had unconsciously slipped a hand into my shorts and was stroking my clit in unison to his strokes of her mouth. 

Without warning, George pulled his cock from her mouth, causing her to whimper in frustration. Harry was moving about the room taking different angles of the action. George smiled down at Julia and pushed her gently back on the bed. 

She laid back and automatically spread her legs wide. George knelt down at the foot of the bed and slipped his hands under her ass. He slid his thumbs up on either side of her cunt and spread her lips wide apart. Harry was filming right over his shoulder and got a great shot of her soaking cunt, wide open and quivering, just before George bent his head in to begin licking her clit.

Julia began moaning loudly and thrashing her head back and forth, her flaming red hair flying everywhere. She entwined her fingers in his hair and pulled him into her cunt, moaning louder still, she began to buck her hips against his working tongue. Her toes seemed to curl unnaturally as she threw her head back and groaned. "Oh God, I'm cumming!" 

George pushed her further up on the bed and crawled up to position himself between her splayed open legs. He took his cock in his right hand and rubbed it up and down her open cunt.

She moaned loudly and tried to pull him into her with her heels. Harry was right behind them, catching the penetration in close-up. George pushed his cock down to her opening and suddenly, with a quick thrust of his hips, buried himself to the hilt in her. 

She let out a loud whoosh as he began to pound away at her. Harry moved around the side to get them in profile. George was braced up on his hands and was violently thrusting his hard cock in and out of her. She grunted and groaned aver and over again. "Oh. Yes! Fuck me! Harder! Yes."

George was swearing down at her with his teeth bared in a fierce grimace. "You fucking cunt. You love it, don't you! You love getting fucked hard."

I could hear the squishy noises of their coupling. I could smell the sexual odor they were throwing off. I was hotter than Hell!

I hadn't moved from my position at the head of the bed and I could see his cock riding in and out of her. Her plump tits were bouncing all over as he thrust into her. Her head thrashed back and forth as she came continuously. I was mesmerized.

George slowed his thrusts. "I'm gonna shoot soon baby. Where do you want it?"

She moaned again. "Between my tits! I want you to fuck my tits, till you cum all over me. I need to feel your hot cum all over me!"

George pulled his soaking cock from her wide open cunt and shimmied up her body. He laid his cock between her mounds and she pushed them together with her hands. They formed a tit tunnel for his cock to slide between. 

He began to slowly stroke back and forth. His cock would alternately disappear and then appear. She pressed her chin down on her chest to try to lick his head as it appeared from between her tits. 

He groaned louder and then pushed his cock forward. I saw it swell and turn almost purple. Then and thick rope of white cum shot from the tip and landed on Julia's outstretched tongue, covering it completely. She withdrew her tongue into her mouth as shot quickly followed shot, covering her neck, face and hair in long ropes of thick, white cum. It seemed to go on forever. 

Finally, he leaned back and lay down backwards. But, she wasn't finished yet. She held onto his cock and followed him down, bending at the waist. She sucked his cock into her mouth to get any residual cum as she pumped it strongly with her hand.

Finally, there was no more and she lay back down and they both fought to catch their breaths. Harry stood over them and shot them from head to foot, paying close attention to the large pool of cum covering her tits, face and neck. 

I stared wide-eyed at them. They were quite a sight. Harry switched off the camera. I looked over at him and saw the look of lust in his eyes. The Tent in front of his shorts was a good indicator too. 

To be continued...