 (In which she tells me all about her camping holiday)

The next morning I was thinking what the hell I could say to Rachel. To tell the truth I was embarrassed about it. Watching her having sex with her husband, I thought, was excusable as she had initiated it but I felt a bit uncomfortable about wanking off in front of her.

Rachel, of course, was already in her office and greeted me with her big smile. I passed through her office and into mine, smiling back but without speaking. After a couple of minutes my phone rang and it was her. "It's a good thing it rained or it would have taken me ages to clean up the patio" she said laughing." I just wanted to thank you for putting on a show as well. I haven't enjoyed sex with Don that much in ages until last night." I thanked her for the compliment. I was still embarrassed and didn't really know what to say but I was feeling a little more comfortable with the situation. 

A few days passed and we almost carried on as if nothing had happened. I was still a little unsure of the situation and put the other night down to Rachel having had a few drinks too many. After all, she had never displayed any signs of her sexual adventures before and I had only found out myself through Danielle. 

She was unaware that I knew about her flings with other employees so I just assumed that the other night was a one-off that would never have happened without the alcohol. 

On Friday afternoon, Rachel had taken the day off and, at around twelve, my phone rang and it was her." Fancy doing lunch" she asked, "Sure" I replied. "Where?"

"At my house" she said, "See you soon" and, before I could reply she put the phone down. 

Believe it or not, I was quite nervous about this invitation. I was a married man and was pretty much faithful. I say pretty much because I had slipped a couple of times but mainly just messing about, oral sex etc and, like president Clinton, I could tell myself that didn't count.

I tried to call her mobile to tell her I couldn't make it but it was switched off and I didn't have her home phone number. I decided not to bother ringing personnel to get the number and thought what the hell? Maybe it was just an innocent lunch.

As I drove to her house a thought suddenly crossed my mind. Perhaps it was just an innocent lunch and her husband would be there. Nothing would surprise me after her performance the other night and maybe she was playing another game, lunch with her and her husband, maybe, just to see how I'd react. 

When I arrived, however, I realised I didn't know what to do with the car. I couldn't hide it as, if her husband was there it would seem a strange thing to do. However, if he wasn't home at least the driveway was secluded enough so my car wouldn't be seen from the road anyway so I parked it in the drive and rang the bell.

Rachel opened the door and, as soon as I saw her, I immediately realised her husband wasn't home. I was used to seeing her in her work clothes which were pretty staid which is why I hadn't realised what a great body she had until I saw her naked the other night. However, the clothes she had on today showed off her figure to perfection. She was wearing a tight white lambs wool sweater that hung a couple of inches above her short tight blue denim skirt. The sweater was thin enough for me to see there was nothing underneath as her fat nipples, even their flaccid state were quite obviously pushing against the thin material. Her large firm breasts were rising and falling and, as she breathed in, they pushed the sweater out away from her tummy by several inches so, had I knelt in front of her the bottom of those delicious tits would be clearly visible. Her skirt was tight and finished several inches above her knees and she wore open toes high heel shoes with red painted toenails.

She caught me staring at her tits and she smiled and wiggled them at me. Before I could show my embarrassment she leaned forward, said "Hi" and lightly kissed me on the mouth. Our first kiss, and there was a faint smell of alcohol on her breath. "Come on in" she said before turning and walking into the lounge. I followed her and she gestured for me to sit on the same sofa where I had watched her fucking her husband. 

In front of the sofa was a coffee table which had a couple of plates of sandwiches and a bottle wine which, I noticed, was two thirds empty. "Help yourself" she said "While I just tidy up in the kitchen. She poured us both a glass of wine, finishing the bottle, picked up her glass and went into the kitchen. 

I sat there and munched my way through the sandwiches and I could hear her washing up in the kitchen.

After about ten minutes she walked into the room and I watched those beautiful breasts bounce and sway as she made her way over to the sofa and she sat down next to me. 

"I hope you don't think I'm a huge slut" she said. What could I say? “Of course I do and I think it’s fantastic” is what I wanted to say, "Of course not" is all that came out. "People get turned on in different ways and yours happens to be being watched." 

"I get turned on by sex, period" she replied "But I get really turned on if someone is watching, unfortunately it only happened a couple of other times. The first time was when I was camping with my best friend, which was when I first realised what a turn-on it was.

“And the second?” I enquired.

“Well……” - Rachel seemed reluctant to tell me.

“Go-on” I said, wondering why her voice trailed off.

“I’m a bit ashamed actually”

“Go-on” I pushed,

“Well….. It was in a nightclub toilet”

“Why is that more embarrassing than camping?” I asked.

“I’ll tell you sometime, but not now” She replied.

"So tell me about camping then." 

"It was about three years ago, before I was married, and I went backpacking with my best friend, Carol who, to tell you the truth was always a bit prudish. Well, we were picked up by two guys and, to cut a long story short, after spending a few hours in a pub, we went back to the campsite and ended up in their tent. 

She saw me raise my eyebrows and she continued. “Well…. it was too late to set up our own tent because it was dark and because we we'd all had too much to drink and, to be honest, I really fancied one of the Guys called Andy even though Carol and Greg didn't seem to hit it off. 

Well, we all got back to their tent and had a few more beers and then got into our individual sleeping bags, pulled off our clothes and turned off the lamps. After about half an hour I could hear the sound of people sleeping and, at the same time a hand came over from my left where Andy was and started stroking my hair. I unzipped my sleeping bag quietly so as not to wake the others and rolled over to Andy. We fumbled around in the dark for a few minute and before long he was on top making love to me.” 

"Describe it to me" I said to her as I was starting to get turned on by the story. 

"Okay,” she said smiling, "To be blunt, he was fucking my brains out! He had a big hard curved cock..."

"How big?" I asked, "Not huge but it was bent like a banana and the sensation was amazing and he was fucking me so hard with it." 

She grinned as she looked down and saw the bulge in my pants her dirty talk had created and she quickly carried on whilst her hand started to run up and down my thigh. 

"After a few minutes, I asked him to stop and I got up on all fours and told him to fuck me from behind as that's my favourite position. He moved behind me and really started banging that hard bent cock in and out of my pussy and I was having difficulty kneeling and had to go down on my elbows he as fucking me so hard."

Whilst she told me this she unzipped me, took out my cock muttered something along the lines of "mmm" and started stroking me. "He was fucking my brains out and we were so wrapped up in each other and I suddenly realised how much noise I was making. His balls and tummy were slapping into my ass each time he rammed his cock into me and I was moaning and panting in ecstasy. 

As soon as I realised, I looked to my right and I realised that it wasn't so dark now my eyes were accustomed the lack of light and I saw Greg and Carol, still in their sleeping backs, sat up on their elbows staring at us and I could see Andy's sleeping bag which was closest, moving up and down as he was obviously playing with himself and Carol was lying there just grinning." 

Rachel suddenly bent down and took my cock into her wet mouth. I was so turned on by her story and the explicit way she was telling it. 

She had of course realised this and was being so explicit because she knew exactly the effect she was having on me. Her head bobbed up and down as she sucked on my cock, removing it from her mouth and licking it up and down the shaft and tonguing around the sensitive head. She was obviously enjoying it immensely and so was I but I lifted her head purposefully up and told her to continue. She sat back up but continued stroking my cock, which felt like it would explode. 

I couldn't resist it any longer and I was dying to get to play with her fabulous mammary’s so I put one hand on her bare tummy, just above her waistband, and gently ran my fingers up, just under her sweater and started caressing the undersides of those beautiful breasts. She moaned quietly. "Get on with the story" I ordered.

"I was shocked at first when I saw them both watching me getting fucked, but then I realised what a turn on it was and it made me even hotter so I started to make a bit more of a show of it. I threw back my head and started making even more noise than I usually, I was making it very obvious exactly what each thrust of Andy's dick felt like"

By now I had both hands under her sweater and I was kneading her large breasts, one in each hand. I could feel her big hard nipples in the palm of my hands but I hadn't yet paid them any specific attention. I was moving my hands all around them, leaving them until last.

"I could tell he wasn't going to last much longer and he suddenly quickened the pace and started grunting. I normally make plenty of noise when I'm aroused but I really turned up the volume for our audience, and starting pushing my ass back into him, fucking him as hard as he was fucking me. I was so turned on feeling his banana cock slamming into me and I could see how turned on Greg was as his sleeping bag was tenting up and down and I could have sworn I even saw some rhythmic motion going on in the front of Carol's sleeping bag. The whole thing was fantastic."

“I remember coming and thinking that it was the best orgasm I’d ever had, I screamed so loud that the whole camp site must’ve heard!”

I couldn't wait any longer as I knew her story was about to end and I lifted my hands further up under her sweater, until one hand was on each side of her neck which caused the sweater to ride up exposing those beautiful big breasts capped with the most amazing nipples I had ever been near. Now I'm a breast man but I had never been so turned on by such a perfect pair. They weren't huge like the distended tits you see in boob magazines. Sure each one was bigger than a handful but they were so firm and yet so soft. I just wanted to bury my head in them and suck those nipples forever. 

I bent my head and started licking and sucking the white flesh. All around her nipples but without touching them, which made her, moan and writhe around on the sofa. She held my head and pushed it into the firm flesh. "Carry on" was my muffled command. I was in heaven.

"Like I said, I thought he couldn't last much longer and he I was right. -mmm -Another dozen or so quick strokes and then he slammed his cock in me up to the hilt, in fact he rammed it in so hard It felt as if his balls were inside me as well, I was forced back down onto my elbows, my head on the ground as grunted and then he came. It felt so hot and he kept squirting it into me until he finally pulled his cock out and rolled over onto the ground..... -Oh god! Yes, suck my nipples" -She groaned before continuing " ...and I just stayed there with my ass sticking up into the air, my head on the floor feeling his warm cum inside me" 

By this time I was furiously licking and sucking her large pink nipples. First one then the other, rolling them around my mouth and flicking them with my tongue. They were like warm stiff bullets on my mouth and she held onto my hair tightly as I pushed her tits together and drew both nipples into my mouth at the same time, sucking them, and as much of her fleshy tits as I could manage into my mouth. She was moaning and seemed to be getting as much pleasure as I was. 

I was sorry the story was over. She was still holding my cock and pumping gently up and and down and It would have been great to have come at the same time as Andy did in the story. I was just wondering what to do next when she said, "And then I felt a hand stroking my ass and my pussy which couldn't have been Andy's because he was lying next to me" 

I couldn't believe there was more to come so I carried on licking those big nipples while Rachel continued stroking my cock and my balls. She continued.

" I lifted myself back onto my elbows and looked behind me and saw Greg, He was rubbing my pussy, smearing Andy's cum around my swollen lips and I saw him rubbing this big cock with his other hand. It looked so big, a good eight inches long and he was stroking it up and down at the same time as he rubbed it between my ass cheeks. I felt him open my pussy lips with his other hand and he inserted a couple of fingers into me and started sliding them in and out, 'Oooh'"

Rachel's groan was because I had just done the same thing to her. I had slipped my hand under her skirt which had ridden up high and, finding no panties, I rubbed her pussy as she described Greg doing just that and then pushed in a couple of fingers and started fucking her with them. "OOOH" She sighed deeply and almost fell against me, her big tits pressing against my chest and her grip on my cock tightened, "OOOH, that feels so good". 

I immediately stopped and she looked at me as if imploring me to continue. "You carry on with the story and I'll carry on doing this,” I said, continuing my hand motion.

"I was so hot and felt so slutty and I really wanted the fucking to continue so I told him to fuck me and I heard this voice say 'Yes fuck her'. I turned to my right and saw it was Carol who was now out of her sleeping bag, just couple of feet away from me, lying on her back with Andy kneeling over her sucking her tits while she cradle his head.

"Greg pulled his fingers out, moved behind me and then I felt his big hard cock pushing it's way into my pussy. I was sooooo long and 'ooooh' so hard, -I'd never had such a big cock inside me before -'Aaaaaah' she cried as I inserted a third finger and pushed them all as far as I cold into her wet cunt.

"Then he reached around me, grabbed one breast in each hand and just started fucking me. There was no finesse, he just gave me such a good hard fucking which is exactly what I wanted. He fucked me so fast and hard with that great big cock” - 'Mmnff' she cried as I move my fingers inside her faster and faster.

"He was pounding his cock into me 'oooooh' pulling it out slowly and then ramming the full length back in faster and 'oooooh' faster. I heard Carol making strange noises, like quiet screaming and so I turned my head and saw her, lying on her side watching while Andy was furiously fucking her from behind with his banana cock. My 'aaaah' prudish friend Carol whom I would have bet had never even seen a real cock before was getting her brains fucked out while she watched me get mine fucked out by this big hard cock. I couldn't 'oooooh' believe it. - YES, PLEEEEEASE, FASTER!"

Rachel had now let go of my cock, slipped onto her back with her head on the arm of the sofa. Her skirt was around her waist and she had one leg over the back of the sofa and the other on the floor and she was writhing and moaning, finding it very difficult to concentrate on the story as I quickened the pace and my fingers flashed in and out of her soaking wet cunt. I was determined to make her come at the end of the story so I started finger fucking her as fast as I could, "Finish the story!" I ordered, "OOOOOH, OOOOH YES, HARDER" she replied.

"Finish it!" 

"Greg was fucking OOOOH my brains AAAAAH out OOOH, I was watching Carol and she was watching me and we were both screaming. I was .' AAAAAAH, YOU FUCK...OOOH' I saw Andy push his cock deep into her one last time and they both flopped to the ground and then 'BASTARD, FUCK!" I felt myself OOOOH coming, ….Greg was pounding into me, hanging on to my tits and squeezing AAAAAH them. I started coming and he rammed his cock OOOH, I AM COMING" deep OOOH in OOOH me FUCK, OOOH FUCK, and he shot his cum deep EEEEEEE! into me AAAH , AAAAH.”

I could feel her cunt muscles tighten around my fingers I could hear her cunt squishing as my fingers thrashed in and out and then she screamed and I felt warm sticky liquid gushing from her cunt around my fingers. She sat up and threw her arms around me as her spasms subsided and she kissed me long and hard. 

"FUCK ME" she said, "FUCK ME PLEEEASE!"

Now like I said, firstly even after all that had happened I still felt my guilty conscience would be less guilty if I didn't actually fuck her and second, it wasn't going to be much of a fuck as I was just about ready to shoot my load anyway. "No" I whispered, "When I fuck you I want to fuck you properly and right now I would probably last about two seconds. Besides, look at the time, I have to get back to the office".

"Well, you can't go back in that state" she said, pointing to my erection jutting out from the bottom of my shirt. She reached forward and took hold of my cock. Pulling it gently towards her she lay back down again and tugged me towards her mouth. I knelt up and shuffled forward. As my cock was nearing her lips she put her hands on my hips, lifted her head up slightly from the arm of the sofa and took almost all of it deep into her mouth and then, pushing my hips back it slid all the way out with a loud slurping sound, and I felt her tongue licking and flicking against it all the way. Her mouth felt so hot and wet I almost came there and then and it took all my concentration to stem the flow. Once again she pulled me forward and swallowed my entire length before pulling me out again, licking and teasing the red bulbous end. 

I couldn't take much more of this so I shifted backwards to try and regain some control. I caressed her tits with my hand and rubbed my index fingers in a circular motion over what I now knew were extremely sensitive nipples. They quickly became erect and I pulled gently on them. "Mmmm, yes, pull on my nipples". I pulled them upwards slightly harder and rolled them between my thumbs and forefingers. "Yes! - Harder" she moaned so I pulled them again this time as far as they would go so he tits took an almost conical shape and I shook them around and watched her tits ripple like two blancmanges. "Please don't stop" she begged. 

I pushed them up towards her mouth and she bent her head forward and tongued her own nipples, sucking them into her mouth as I presented them to her. I pulled them away and moved myself quickly forwards and offered my dick to her lips and she quickly leaned forward and slurped my cock once more. Just as quickly I moved back, still rolling her nipples in my fingers and pushed them hard together. Then I lowered my freshly lubricated cock down and pushed it between them.

"Oh yes, fuck my tits" she groaned.

I started to build up a steady rhythm, slowly thrusting my cock between her large soft breasts whilst still rolling her nipples and she continued to moan. On each upstroke she craned her head forward and snaked out her tongue to lick the end, and, when she could, take it into her mouth. Now it was my turn to groan.
