 Rachel couldn't believe what she had just witnessed. George and Julia were now lying spent on the bunk, covered in sweat and cum. Blinking her eyes; she realized she had scarcely taken a breath in the past few moments. Somehow, she had slipped her hand inside her shorts and her middle finger was busily rubbing her clit. Her nipples felt so hard she thought they might burst.

Glancing over at Harry, she saw him staring at the other couple as in a daze. His eyes seemed glassed over and he was also sporting a magnificent hard-on. 

George roused himself from his stupor and stood up. He took the camera from Harry's' hand and removed the tape. He slid a new cassette in and stepped back into the corner. Julia moved from the bed and approached Rachel. She took Rachel's hand in hers and raised it to her lips to taste the cunt juices that covered her fingers. Rachelle stared at her wide-eyed. Julia pulled Rachel's top over her head and slid her shorts to the floor. Leaning in, she took a hard nipple between her lips and gently sucked it to full hardness, causing a groan to slip from Rachel. 

Moving away, Julia went over to Harry and quickly had him naked. She grabbed his hard dick and led him to the bed. After positioning him on his back, she went to Rachel and led her to Harry. Then she had Rachel straddle Harry and reached between them to guide Harry's cock into Rachel's slick passage. A sigh emanated from deep with as Rachel slid down Harry's hard dick.

Her head fell back as her body took over and she began to ride Harry. Harry reached up and began to maul her tits. Just when she started to feel the beginnings of a crashing orgasm, she felt two hands on her hips lifting her off Harry. She whimpered in complaint as she was positioned on her hands and knees near the edge of the bed. Harry was helped from the bed and positioned behind her. Another groan as she felt fingers opening her up so Harry could slide back into her.

She felt him start to really pound into her as she saw Julia crawling on the bed to position herself in front of Rachel. Rachel stared into Julia's wide-open cunt then looked up questioningly into her eyes. Julia smiled and put her hand to the top of Rachel's head. Gently, she pulled Rachel's face forward until her lips were scant millimeters from her cunt. 

The heady aroma of cunt juice and sperm filled Rachel's nostrils. Julia applied a little more pressure to the back of Rachel's head and her lips touched the hot flesh. Tentatively, she darted her tongue out to sample the nectar. She decided it wasn't half bad so she began to lap at the spread open cunt with a little more vigor, causing Julia to let out a loud moan.

Meanwhile, Harry had slowed his pace to watch the action taking place between the two girls. With Julia's moan, he stepped up the pace and really began to pound away, pushing Rachel's face harder and harder into Julia's sopping hole.

Julia threw her head back and screamed out that she was cumming just as Harry let out a guttural growl and began to empty his balls deep into Rachel. She felt the heavy squirts deep inside her and she too began to cum. All three were writhing about on the bed as they came together. 

Finally spent, he collapsed on top of her. They tumbled over to lie beside Julia in a heap. Harry's cock slowly shrank and slipped from her slit. Julia slid down the bed and hungrily attached Rachel's gaping cunt to lap the cum from inside her. She looked down at the redhead. Her face was smeared with juice as she smiled up at her. Julia slid up Rachel's body and the two kissed deeply, sharing the combined cum of Rachel and Harry. The three of them snuggled together and fell into a well deserved sleep. 

Some time later, Rachel awoke and had to use the bathroom. She slipped from between the two sleeping bodies and went to the head. After she had finished, she used the opportunity to clean up. There was cum crusted all over her body. 

She felt much better after a shower. She found a terry bathrobe and slipped it on. Entering the saloon, she found George working away at his computer. "Hi, George." She said.

"Oh, hi Rachel. I didn't hear you get up."

She went over to stand behind him. What she saw on the screen amazed her. He had evidently filmed their encounter earlier and was making a DVD of it. There on the screen, she saw Harry sliding his cock in and out of her wide stretched cunt. The detail was amazing. She could see her juices glistening on his dick and also running in sheets down her thighs. She was staring transfixed at the sight. She had never seen herself from this angle before.

"I hope you don't mind. I just couldn't resist filming you guys. It was such a hot scene."

Surprisingly, she didn't mind. In fact, she felt herself getting turned on again. "No, it's alright. It's just that I've never seen myself like that before."

George smiled, "Wait until you see the finished product. Why don't you go into the galley and fix something to eat. I'm almost finished. When I'm done, we'll wake the others for the big premier."

She went into the galley and rummaged around until she found some sandwich makings. She put together a plate of sandwiches and had just poured four glasses of wine when Harry and Julia came padding in. They had evidently gotten cleaned up too. Perhaps they even had showered together. Rachel smiled and handed each a glass of wine.

Carrying hers and George's glasses, she went back to the saloon. Harry and Julia followed with the sandwiches. They seated themselves at the table as George joined them. He took a seat and handed a shiny new DVD. "Just a little remembrance of your visit. I hope you like it."

She turned it over several times in her hand. It looked innocent enough. They spent the next few moments eating in silence. George then turned to her and asked, "Are you a bit curious?"

Blushing a bit, she nodded.

"You want to see it?"

She again nodded.

He took the shiny disc from her hand and rose from the settee. Crossing the room, he slid a panel back exposing a 32" plasma screen TV. He slipped the DVD into a small player and turned on the set before settling back on the settee. They were now seated boy, girl, boy, girl, with George and Harry on each side of her and Julia on the other side of Harry. 

George pressed play on the DVD remote. Immediately, the screen was filled with the image of the berth in the cabin. Rachel's eyes widened as she took in the scene on the screen. She watched intently as Harry's cock pierced her. It was the most amazing sight she had ever witnessed!

She got hotter and hotter as the scene unfolded. Suddenly, she felt a hand on each of her thighs. She realized both Harry and George were touching her, but she didn't care. A hand tugged at the belt to her robe. More hands opened the robe. 

She felt the cool breeze. Hands parted her thighs and started to rub her sensitive clit. Fingers pierced her to find her hole soaking wet. When she felt a tongue lap at her clit, she tore her eyes from the screen. Julia had knelt between her widespread thighs and was busily lapping away at her sopping cunt. The men were each sucking on one of her rock hard nipples. 

As if they had a mind of their own, her hands reached for the hard cock each man was sporting. A thrill ran up her spine as they each throbbed in her grip. Suddenly, Rachel arched her back as a monumental orgasm shook her entire body. It seemed to go on forever. 

Gradually, it subsided and her ass settled back down on the settee. She opened her eyes and saw Julia's smiling face looking up at her from between her legs. It glistened from her juices. She also noticed that the cocks in her hands were throbbing continuously.

Julia rose from her kneeling position and helped Rachel up on shaky legs. She turned her around and caused her to straddle George's lap. Grasping George's cock, she guided it to Rachel's sopping cunt. Rachel let out a groan as she sank down on the rigid dick. 

She leaned forward and rested her head on George's shoulder. Julia then leaned forward and began to lick from George's balls to Rachel's asshole. Rachel felt the tip of Julia's tongue enter her rear passage. She began to slowly ride up and down George's shaft.

She felt Julia pull away from her. Two hands were soon gripping her hips. She felt something at her back door. Harry had stepped up behind her and was pushing his pulsing dick into her ass. She let out another groan as she felt the head pop into her, followed by the rest of his massive dick. 

She opened her eyes and looked right into the smiling face of George. She felt the two men start a slow rhythmic thrusting into her. She couldn't believe how good it felt. Never in her wildest dreams had she thought she would do something like this.

She started grunting like a wild pig with the effort. Finally, she gave up and just let the two men thrust in and out of her at will. Harry was really pounding away at her ass, his pelvis making a slapping sound each time he struck her ass. George just remained buried deep in her cunt, letting Harry's dick provide the friction for his enjoyment.

Suddenly, she felt Harry grow even larger in her ass. He grunted as the first spurt jetted deep in her bowels. She swore she could taste his salty spunk, but she knew it was her imagination. Shot after shot filled her. Harry's orgasm seemed to set George off as he too began to shoot in her cunt. 

Together, the two men emptied themselves in her. She was a cum receptacle for their combined juices. There was so much of it; it started flowing down the insides of her thighs.

Finally, Harry gasped and fell back from her, pulling his shrinking dick from her ass with a plop. She sagged down on Georges shoulder again. She felt Julia's tongue begin to lap at her exposed ass and downwards to George's shriveling dick. She felt Julia form her lips around her asshole and start sucking, drawing the cum in her ass into her mouth.

She slid from George's lap and collapsed beside him. She watched as Julia hungrily attacked her gaping cunt to get every last bit of cum that had been deposited there. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she lost consciousness. 

* * * * *

The next morning, Harry and Rachel motored back to their boat. Neither had said much since awakening on the settee. While Harry secured the dingy to the davits and raised it from the water, she busied herself with a quick breakfast for the two of them. As they drank their coffee after eating, Harry looked across the table at Rachel. "Rachel, we have to talk." Rachel didn't like the sound of this. "What about, Harry?"

Harry cleared his throat, "Well, as you know, I am planning of heading to the Keys. From there, I don't know where I'll be heading. Could be quite some time before I get back this way."

Rachel brightened, "I know. I can't wait!"

"But, what about your school? You don't need to be stuck with an old fart like me. You need to go out and experience the world on your own."

Tears welled up in her eyes. "You don't want me? I love you! Don't you know that?"

"You love me?"

"Of course! Can't you tell? I'll do anything to be with you, stay with you."

Harry was silent for a few moments as he searched her face. It seemed hours before Harry spoke. "Well, if we are going, we had better be on our way."

Rachel leaped from her chair and threw herself into his arms.

* * * * *

A few hours later, Harry was at the wheel as Rachel lounged with her back to the cabin. They were under full sail making about six knots. Their heading was southeast with a destination of Tampa as their first stop. It was a beautiful sunny day with temperatures in the low eighties. They were still in sight of land and occasionally modified their course to dodge fishing boats. 

Harry looked at her in her string bikini. What a sight! "You know, Rachel, I am old enough to be your father, maybe even your grandfather."

She scowled at him from behind her dark glasses. "Don't start that again, Harry."

"No, no. I just meant that every once in a while, I may not be able to keep up with you."

A wicked little grin crossed her lips. "Then maybe I'll just have to inspire you."

"Oh?"

Wordlessly, she untied her bikini top and bottom and let them fall away. Slowly, she began to dip her fingers in her wet cunt and then rub her clit. Her nipples hardened, her breathing became erratic. Her eyes never left Harry's as she drove herself up the ladder towards an orgasm.

Harry had become instantly hard watching her. Suddenly, she arched her back and let out a loud moan. He saw the wetness coating her hand as she rubbed herself off. Slowly, she settled back down. Again, the wicked smile. "So, is that inspiration enough?"

Her eyes wandered down his body to rest on his raging hard dick straining for release from his shorts. She stood up and walked over to him before kneeling in front of him. She undid his shorts and worked them down his legs. Looking up at him, she said, "Fuck my face, Harry. Do anything you want."

Harry growled as he grabbed her hair in his hand and forced her forward. With his other hand, he guided his seeping dick to her waiting mouth. The purple head disappeared between her lips and he began thrusting in and out of her mouth. On each outstroke, he felt her tongue swirling around the head. 

He knew he couldn't last. He pulled back on her hair till his dick popped from her mouth. "Open your mouth and stick your tongue out."

She complied instantly. He began to stroke his cock in his hand as he rubbed the sensitive underside on her tongue. He watched with eyes wide open as the head seemed to swell up to the size of a plum. His toes curled as the first rope of thick white cum shot from the slit in his dick to splatter against the roof of her mouth and cover her tongue. A second, third and forth rope shot out to cover her face and drip down on her breasts. 

Finally, his orgasm began to subside. Rachel wrapped her lips around the head and sucked the last vestiges of cream from him. Smacking her lips, she smiled up at him. Harry stood on shaky legs as he gazed down on her cum-covered face. 

They heard a horn close at hand and looked up to see a boatload of fishermen waving and smiling at them. Rachel beamed and waved back. This was going to be quite an adventurous trip.