 I looked over at Harry from where I was working in the galley. He was seated at the chart table going over some charts for the trip to the Keys. I was busy slicing onions for a stew I was preparing. 

We had planned on staying a day or two more at the anchorage before heading back to port to reprovision for our voyage. I wished we could stay forever. It was so quiet and peaceful here. 

I glanced out the porthole and noted it was getting dark. I could see the lights from the other sailboat anchored. I went back to slicing the onions and other vegetables. After scooping them into the pot, I lit the alcohol stove and covered it.

Looking up, I noted Harry sitting there with a broad grin on his face. "What are you grinning at? You look like the cat that ate the canary."

"Can you hear that?" he asked.

I strained to hear what he was talking about. Nothing. I shook my head no.

He beckoned me to come to him and we went up on deck. Now I heard it. A woman's voice, obviously Julia's, and obviously in the throes of passion, coming from the other sailboat. "Fuck me! Fuck my ass! Do it harder! Ohhhhhh..." She went on and on. I put my hand over my mouth to stifle the laugh.

I looked at Harry quizzically. "What does she mean, 'fuck my ass'?"

Harry tried not to laugh at my ignorance. "Well Rach, some people do that."

"Do what?"

"Anal sex, dear. She obviously likes it." chuckling.

"Do you mean...?"

"Yes hon, I mean that he is fucking her in the ass right now and she obviously is enjoying it."

My attention was drawn back to the voices emanating from the other boat. Finally, they trailed off to low moans and then silence. I glanced at Harry in the gathering darkness. His shorts had quite a tent building in them. I stifled another giggle. 

"It seems you are a bit excited by the thought, Harry."

He glanced my way. "Well dear, I have long held the opinion that anything consenting adults do to pleasure one another is acceptable behavior."

I looked at him thoughtfully. "Have you ever tried it yourself?"

"Yes."

"Did you like it?"

I could see his smile even in the half-light. "Definitely. It is a quite unique experience."

"Would you teach me?" I could see the startled look on his face.

"Uhm, are you sure?"

I reached up and untied my bikini top and it fell to the cockpit floor. Next I slipped the knot of my bottoms and stood before him totally naked. He quickly shed his shorts revealing his massive hard on. We scampered down the steps to the main salon. 

He grabbed me from behind and spun me into his arms. We locked our lips together in a feverish kiss. His hands roamed over my body electrifying me. He cupped my ass in his hands and lifted me up, setting me down on the dinette table. My legs automatically spread open and wrapped around his waist. I could feel his hard cock lying against my pussy.

He laid me back on the table and knelt down between my legs. I felt his tongue tentatively lap against my clit sending shocks through my body. He encircled my clit with his lips and began to gently suck, causing my body to buck convulsively. My head was thrashing from side to side. I let out a loud gasp as I came hard on his tongue. 

Harry then pushed my legs up until my knees were resting against my tits. I realized I was fully exposed and a shiver ran up my spine. Suddenly, I felt his tongue flicking lightly at my asshole. I would have been squirming all over the table if he hadn't had me pinned so tightly. 

His tongue probed me, searching for entrance to my virgin ass. I felt my pick pucker hole open slightly and his tongue forced it's way inside me. He continued to probe me, relaxing me to the point that he had as much of his tongue in me as he could push. When he pulled back, I groaned in disappointment, feeling empty. 

But, not for long. I felt him dip his fingers into my soaking pussy, getting them covered in my slippery wetness. Then he started to press his index finger against my ass. With inexorable slowness, I felt it enter my nether regions. All the way up to the third knuckle! 

He slid his finger in and out a few times, and then slipped a second finger in. He continued in this fashion until three fingers were vigorously sawing in and out of my ass. All the while he was licking my clit gently, sending me into a continuous state of orgasmic ecstasy. 

This went on for some time. Finally, he must have felt I was ready, fore he stood up and removed his fingers from me. He took my hands and placed them on his throbbing cock. I guided the tip of his cock to my stretched open asshole and he slowly pressed it forward. 

Our eyes were locked together. His cock began to enter me. Ever so slowly. I gasped at the pain. He was huge! Suddenly, I felt the head pop into me and he held still. I could feel his cock pulsing inside me as my sphincter closed behind the crown of his head. 

I was taking short quick breaths, trying to relax. Tentatively, I raised my hips to him and he slid another inch into me. I still had hold of his cock with my hands and I began to pull him into me. More and more of him entered me. Finally, I felt his balls resting on my ass and he was fully in my ass.

I couldn't believe how full he made me feel. I put my hands on his ass and pulled so every possible bit of him was in me. He began a slow but steady withdrawal until just the head remained in me, then he pushed back in. 

I began to pull and push him to encourage him to fuck my ass faster. I could feel his balls slapping me with each stroke. My eyes rolled back and my head craned as I came harder than I had ever cum before. 

I must have lost consciousness for a few seconds, because I opened my eyes and he was pounding away as hard as he could in my ass. Out of the corner of my eye I saw movement. There stood George and Julia in the companionway, broad grins on their faces. I looked up at Harry. He had a far away look was on his face. His cock was sawing in and out of my ass at a frantic pace. 

I looked back at George and Julia and another crashing orgasm overtook me. I closed my eyes and when I opened them again, they were gone. I wondered if I imagined the whole thing. 

Harry was grunting and slowed his pace down. I reached down and took his cock between my forefinger and thumb, feeling him swelling inside me. He withdrew until just the head was inside and swelled even further. I felt a blast of hot liquid squirt up inside my ass. I could feel his cock pulsing in my fingers as he shot rope after rope of cum inside me. I counted eight, nine, ten hard blasts followed by five or six softer ones.

Finally, he collapsed on top of me, totally spent. I continued to hold his cock in my fingers, feeling it as it slowly withered. Running my finger around my asshole, I felt his cum leaking around his shriveling cock.

His cock eventually slipped from me and he fell back onto the settee across from the dinette. I kept my legs up and lightly fingered my ass. It was wide open and Harry's cum drooled from me forming a large pool on the table. 

I lowered my legs and sat unsteadily up. Harry's cock was covered in his cum. I knelt down in front of him and lovingly kissed and licked it clean. 

To be continued...