 She looked over the room and scanned the crowd for someone that she knew, that she could actually have a conversation with and saw no one. She sighed and drained her champagne flute and sat it on a table and wondered through the crowd. Her friend Amy loved throwing theme parties and tonight's was a 1920's gangster era party. She and Amy would go shopping in thrift stores and find stunning dresses and outfits and then decide to have a party based on what they could find and their moods.

When they wandered into a thrift store and found a rack of flapper dresses they both went silly and decided to throw a party even before they had picked out a dress. They tried on dress after dress and both found ones that perfectly fit and matched them. Her friend found a luscious pale yellow while she had found a mint green with fringe and pearls all over and was a tank style with only one strap over one shoulder. Dangling pearl earrings, and a pearl necklace and bracelet set, and retro shoes, they both spent way too much money but knew they looked fabulous and loved wearing the dresses.

It was well past midnight and she was getting tired, but had said she would stay and help clean after everyone went home, which didn't look to be soon. She wondered through the house toward the back and down the hall. She heard clicking and realized someone was shooting pool in the den, which she thought was supposed to be closed to the guests. She went down the hall to see who was in the room and with the intention of shooing them out.

She pushed the sliding door open softly and looked into the room. She saw the finest butt she'd seen in a while encased in a pair of black tuxedo pants. The body attached to that butt was leaning over getting ready to take a shot. He had removed his jacket and thrown it on a chair. He pulled back the cue, thrust it forward, and missed horribly. He hung his head and chuckled. She walked into the room and slid the door closed quietly.

"You missed." She said quietly, walking up to the table and running her hand along the table. She reached the end of the table and faced him, picking up a ball and rolling it in her hands. He looked up and laughed, and laid the cue stick on the table and began untying his tie. He took in her presence; she was a very lovely distraction in green. 

"I know." He finished untying his tie and left it hanging and unbuttoned the button at his neck and breathed a little easier. He looked at her as she rolled the ball in her hands, and began unbuttoning his shirt sleeves and rolling them up one at a time. He finished and leaned both hands on the table and nodded towards it.

"Do you play?" he asked.

"No." she laughed. "I only know the balls go in the pockets with the stick. That's about it." She laid the ball back on the table and rolled it towards him. He caught it with his hand and tossed it in the air and caught it.

"You know, no one is supposed to be in here. It's usually off limits during a party." She said as she walked up the table to him. She stopped at the end of the table beside him, rested her behind on the table and folded her arms and looked at him questioningly.

"Well," he sighed, "I'm not much into parties, and I only promised to come as a favor for a friend and she begged." He laughed. "I actually think she was trying to set me up with one of her friends, but I can't prove it." He walked around the table and pulled the triangle out and began loading balls into it. He looked up as he did, admiring the back of her. Her hair was caught up in some fashion at the top of her neck, exposing her skin, but letting little curls fall against her neck in an enticing way. He saw her turn her head half way and caught her profile. Her skin was fair and the dress she wore looked stunning on her. He followed the one strap down her back to her small rear that was resting on the table.

"You wouldn't be David, would you?" she asked. He stopped what he was doing and looked up in question. He finished placing the balls in the triangle, rolled them forward and then pulled them back and removed the triangle and returned it to its place. He walked around the table and sat at the end of it with her and looked at her.

"Yes, my name is David." He said holding out his hand. "Not that I mind a lovely woman knowing my name, but who are you?" he smiled. She groaned in outrage and let her arms fall and pushed away from the table."I'm going to kill her." She whispered and headed toward the door.

"Wait, wait a minute." He said, taking a hold of her arm. "Why would my name spark such anger? I'm really nice guy." He grinned. She stopped and turned and looked his hand holding her wrist lightly. She sighed and took one step back toward him.

"This friend you promised, what would her name be?" she asked.

"Amy?" he said softly, hoping it wouldn't set her off again. He lifted her hand in his and kissed the back of her hand. She groaned again and hung her head, shaking it gently back and forth.

"You realize you've been set up? We both have." She asked. "Amy invited you here to set you up with me."

"Well," he began, lowering her hand but still holding it in his hand, 

"I'll have to thank her later."

"No, you don't understand." She laughed and tried to pull her hand free He looked up in surprise and pulled her towards him until she was flush with his body.

"I understand that Amy wanted me to meet her very lovely friend." He said huskily. "Heidi." He said as if the name just came to him. "You're name is Heidi. You're a very nice person, very giving, and very caring." He listed off things Amy had told him about her that he was now remembering. "You have a wonderful smile, beautiful blue eyes, and adorable ears."

She arched her eyebrow at the last comment as he laughed. 

"Ok, I made that last part about your ears up myself. Oh, and if I hurt you, I'm to die a thousand deaths of immense and impossible to describe pain." He finished, laughing.

"Well, at least she warned you." She laughed. She looked down at her hand still in his and cocked her head to one side. "I really need to go and kill her now, so if I could have my hand?" 

"Oh you don't need to do that right now. Play pool with me; let her wonder where you are." He suggested.

"I told you I don't play."

"I'll teach you." He leaned over and picked up the cue and brought it between the two of them. 

"Well, I'll need both hands." She said, looking down at her hand still held in his. 

"My loss." He whispered and let her hand go. He walked behind her, holding the cue stick in front of her. He leaned in and inhaled her scent as he stood behind her. She reached up and took the pool cue, feeling his breath on her neck. She turned her head slightly to look at him and realized he was still very close to her. 

"I'm sorry," he whispered, "you smell incredible." He dragged a finger up her arm, making it tingle. He inhaled deeply next to her ear, letting his breath warm her earlobe. "Well, I'm not sorry." He admitted, chuckling. He pulled back from her and waved to the table. "Take the first shot."

She took a deep breath, regaining her composure after feeling giddy when his breath hit her neck, leaned forward with the stick in her hands, and aimed. She missed the cue ball terribly and laughed. 

"I told you I don't play." 

"Yes you did." He chuckled and shook his head. "Let me teach you." He said stepping behind her. He groaned inwardly feeling her rear against him. He looked down and realized she had no bra on underneath the silky confection of her dress and he swallowed hard. He gathered his thoughts together and tried to push the image of her naked out of his mind. He covered her hands with his and helped her position it and leaned over with her to help her take that shot. 

"Now, you take the stick in your hand," He chuckled softly. "That sounds bad, doesn't it?" She laughed and put the stick down on the table. She stood up, and turned around slowly to face him. 

"I think it's a lost cause." She said softly, looking into his eyes. 

"Maybe pool is." He whispered, running a finger over her bare shoulder and running it down her arm. "But we could do something else to pass the time." He cupped her face in his hand and ran his thumb over her lower lip. He stepped close to her so there was no space between them.

"And what could we do?" she whispered. He smiled and brought his other hand up to her face and pulled her to him and kissed her gently. First kissing her lower lip and running his tongue over it, then repeating the movement on the upper lip. He felt her gasp against his mouth and as her lips opened wider he gently licked her tongue with his. Feeling no resistance, he pushed his tongue into her mouth, slowly stroking against her tongue. He tilted his head to the side and leaned into her, pushing her bottom against the table. 

She heard a sound and realized it was her as she moaned into his mouth, feeling his tongue slide against hers. She brought her hands up and placed them on his arms, his chest pushed against hers, and her bottom snug against the pool table. She felt his hands move down her back and settle against her hips. He pulled his mouth from hers slowly and laid his forehead against hers, his breath coming in pants against her lips. 

"Tell me I'm not the only one who felt something there." He groaned, opening his eyes and looking into hers, his body not moving, still pinning her to the pool table. 

She licked her lips, his taste still with her and looked back at him. She ran her hands up his chest and to his neck, slowly sliding her thumbs over his earlobes. She ran the fingers of one hand down his jaw and up over his lips, feeling moisture on them from their kiss. 

"No." she whispered. "You're not the only one who felt something there." She leaned forward and kissed his lower lip. She smiled at him and let her hands rest on his chest again. 

"Thank God." He said as he leaned his head in and took her mouth again. He kissed his way down her jaw, and licked her earlobe. He heard her gasp and licked again. He licked his way down her neck and bare shoulder. He reached over with one hand and pulled the strap down of her dress, letting the fabric of her dress rest above her breasts. He pulled back and looked at her, seeking permission. 

She shrugged her shoulder, the strap falling further and exposing more of her breasts. He ran a finger under her chin, down her neck, between her breasts and snagged the dress with his finger and tugged it down. She stepped away from the table to let the dress fall. It pooled at her feet, leaving her standing before him in white lace bikini panties, thigh high stockings of silky sheer nylon and high heeled vintage shoes. 

He breathed in deeply, telling himself to calm down, even though he felt himself go immediately hard when he took in her naked body. He leaned in and kissed her gently, sucking her lower lip into his mouth and running his tongue over it. He placed his hands on her shoulders and ran them down her arms, holding her hands in his and enjoying her mouth. He stepped up to her and slid his hands down her back to waist and lifted her up and onto the pool table. He pushed her legs apart gently and stepped between them, his crotch resting in hers. He groaned as he felt the heat of her through his zipper. 

She reached up and began unbuttoning his shirt, placing kisses down his jaw and neck as she did so. She reached the button just above his pants and whispered into his ear. 

"Help me get this off so I can feel you." She spread his shirt open and ran her thumbs over his nipples. He pulled his shirt out of his pants and let it drop to the floor. He felt her hands running over his chest, thumbing his nipples. He watched her lean forward and kiss his nipple and he groaned. 

She smiled against his chest after hearing his groan, and licked it lightly. She felt it harden and kissed her way up his chest to his neck. She licked her way to his ear and sucked the lobe into her mouth. She felt his hands on her thighs, slowly rubbing them. 

"You should know I don't normally do this." She whispered into his ear. 

"Do what?" he groaned and kissed her shoulder. 

"Have sex with strange men I've just met."

"Ah." He said, leaning back and looking at her. He held her face in his hands and kissed her softly. "I'm not strange, I'm David." He chuckled against her mouth.

She laughed, sending vibrations through him and making him smile. She ran her hands over his shoulders and down his arms, loving the feel of his skin. 

"I don't normally do this either." He said as he took her hands in his and kissed both of her palms and placed them back on his bare chest. "But you are so very attractive and kissing you is...I can't explain what it is, but I want to keep doing it for days." He leaned in and licked her lower lip. "And if that's how I feel about kissing you, I can't imagine how it will be making love, but I'm willing to risk it." He pushed his tongue into her mouth and moaned as she glided her tongue against his. 

He ran his palms down and cupped both her breasts, feeling her gasp into his mouth. He ran his thumbs over her nipples, feeling them stiffen and then rolled them between his thumb and forefinger. He felt her push them into his hands and groaned. 

He broke off kissing her and leaned down and lifted her left breast up and to his mouth. He licked once, heard her gasp, and took it into his mouth and began to suck gently, running his tongue over it again and again. He looked up and saw her head fall back and heard her moan, urging him on. He felt her hands on his head, holding him to her breast. 

He moved to her other breast and gave it the same attention, hearing her moan as he licked her nipple and sucked it between his teeth and held it gently to flick his tongue over the tip. He took his mouth off of her nipple and dragged his tongue up her breast and to her neck. He could feel and hear her panting against him, making him smile against her skin. 

He slowly bent down and was squatted between her legs, eye level with her pussy. He looked up at her as she ran her hands over his head. He kissed her inner thighs and ran his hands up to her hips and pulled her to the edge of the table. He ran his hand over her panties, dragging his fingers over the lace. He inhaled her scent and ran his fingers over the elastic at the edge of her panties and pulling gently. 

She leaned back on her hands and lifted her hips up, allowing him to pull her panties off. He tugged them down her thighs, slipped them over her knees and down her calves. He pulled them off and let them drop on the floor with his shirt and her dress. 

He stood up, slowly dragging his hands up her thighs, lifting her legs up behind her knees and spreading her legs as she lay back on her elbows and watched him. He slid his hands down her inner thighs, and slowly stroked her pussy lips with the back of his fingers. 

She gasped and watched him through half closed eyes. She didn't know what she was doing, but she wanted him, she wanted him to taste her, to be inside her, and make her cum. She never went with her feelings, she always had a plan. She didn't know whether it was too much champagne, but she knew she didn't care as she felt his fingers part her lips and stroke more insistently. She felt his thumb find her clitoris and gasped. 

"Please." She whimpered. 

He looked up and into her eyes, and leaned in and kissed her stomach and dragged his tongue downward and kissed the top of her pussy lips, letting his tongue slip inside and graze her clit. He felt her legs fall further apart, and he used his fingers to spread her lips open further and slid his tongue down her inner lips. 

She moaned and bucked her hips up as his tongue slid downward. He slid his hands up under her thighs and slid his tongue up and wrapped his lips around her clit. He heard her moan and he held her hips down as she surged up off of the table and pushed her pussy to his mouth. He sucked on her clit, rubbing the underside of his tongue up over it and flicking the tip of his tongue over it again and again. 

He slid one hand from under her thigh and gently pushed a finger into her warmth, thrusting it in as he heard her hands slap the table. He looked up to make sure he hadn't hurt her, and saw her head falling back, her mouth open and her breasts rising and falling with each panting breath she took. He began thrusting his finger in and out, in rhythm with his tongue stroking her clit. 

"More." She panted. "Please, more." She felt his tongue running all over her clit, his finger thrusting in and out. She looked down and panted as she felt him insert another finger inside her and began moaning louder. "Yes, please." She moaned, pushing her hips upward. She could hear his fingers going in and out she was so wet and ready to cum. She felt the tingling in her pussy and her breasts and she gasped, realizing she was about to cum. 

He hummed against her pussy, licking furiously and thrusting his fingers faster into her pussy as he felt her clamp down on them and heard her urging him on, telling him she was going to cum. 

"Yes. Yes. YES!!!" She cried out as she humped her hips up to his mouth, feeling the orgasm wash over her, collapsing back onto the table, panting hard, her breasts rising and falling with each breath. He'd never seen anything more beautiful as he watched the spasms subside and her come back to reality. He kissed each thigh softly and leaned up to kiss her tummy. 

He slid his hands up her stomach and cupped her breasts, running his thumb over her nipples. He stroked her arms and caught her hands and tugged on them, pulling her up into a sitting position and looked into her eyes. He slid his hands up her arms and up to her neck, cupping her face in his hands. He leaned in and kissed her lips, feeling her breath against his. He leaned his forehead against her, inwardly counting backward so he wouldn't jump her and mount her like some farm animal. 

She ran her hands down his chest, hitting the waistband of his pants and unbuttoning them and sliding the zipper down slowly. She pushed his pants down his hips and heard them hit the floor. She ran a finger just inside the waistband of his briefs looking down. 

"Those look a little snug." She grinned up at him. 

"You have no idea." He groaned as he felt the back of her fingers brush his cock through his briefs. "That feels very good." He whispered and placed his hands on either side of her hips on the table. He heard her laugh softly and felt her tugging his briefs downward, freeing his cock so it practically bounced against his stomach. 

"Oh my." She whispered and took it in her hand and softly stroked it. "And how does that feel?" she asked slyly as he moaned and pushed his hips forward, pushing his cock into her hand.

"That feels even better." He whispered against her lips. He pushed her thighs wider and pushed his body forward. He looked down and took his cock in his hand, feeling her fingers brush his as she let go. He guided it to her pussy, feeling her heat on the tip. 

She shifted her hips forward, feeling the head of his cock against her wet pussy. She felt him stroke the head up the lips of her and go back down again. She gasped and leaned back on her hands, enjoying the pleasure. 

"That feels very good." She panted. He smiled and pushed the head into her opening slowly.

"And how does that feel?" he asked, pushing forward slowly. She gasped and let her head fall back as she felt him push his cock deeper inside her. She felt his hands under her thighs lifting them slightly and pushing his cock all the way inside her. 

"Oh God." She gasped and began to lie down on the table. 

"No." He moaned, and grabbed her hands and tugged her towards him in a sitting position. He wrapped his arms around her waist and held her to him, his cock buried inside her. 
