 Jack navigated Slip Slidin', his 30-foot sailboat into Douglas harbor on the Ilse of Man. Clouds streaked across the sky as the freshening wind blew in from the Irish Sea. The barometer was dropping and the wind promised to strengthen as it wiped salty spay into the air and stung Jack's nostrils. The sun was just starting its final slide down the western sky to hide behind the island and cast a rose hue across the harbor and the 15 other 30-footers entering the harbor mouth behind Slip Slidin' after the days race. Jack had won this race as he often did. A successful tacking duel on the last windward leg and favorable wind shift had carried Slip Slidin' across the line finish line with the sound of the victory gun.

Work had been frustratingly slow and his personal life stagnating. While the sense of victory permeated his body and he wanted to celebrate, he also wanted to avoid the typical post race party. He wanted to get away, escape, to be anonymous. To avoid the fake greetings of the other sailors as they leered at the young racer chases looking for a piece of action. He wanted to savor this victory alone.

He barrowed the harbormasters Vespa scooter and headed north into Onchan. The sound of the 50cc engine whined as the scooter climbed over the hills. After a short ride, leaving the docks behind him town of Onchan before him. He stopped the Vespa in front of a small pub called the Three Legs of Man which posted a bill outs side advertising live music featuring the band Spezialdienste from Germany. Jack smiled. That sounded more like it. He stepped into the dimly light pub and was greeted by the sound of the band playing a cover of "Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life)." Jack made his way over to the bar and ordered a pint of Okell's Bitter. Drinking the Bitter, his eyes adjusted to the light and he watch the patrons of the pub dance to the music on the small dance floor in front of the band. Finishing his drink, he drifted toward the band, drawn by the motion of the crowd. The sound of the music filled his head as a new song started. He found himself off the left side of the band. The sound of the beat driving his movements he was not conscious of his dancing and gave little thought to the presence of the people around him. Gradually Jack became aware of someone close to him. He glanced down and saw a beautiful brunette dervish at his side seemingly oblivious to those around her. 

Wearing black shoes, black stockings covering her long legs, a black mini skirt and a red silk blouse. She dance with a graceful abandon. Looking up at Jack she grinned with a careless desire he had never seen before. The beat of the music, clear in his mind, became faster as he and the woman danced, circling one another. The crowd seemed to melt into the ancient masonry walls of the pub. All that existed were the music and the brunette goddess that Jack was now moving in synchrony with, spiraling about the same axis in smaller and smaller circles. When the music ended they were touching. He could feel her breasts against his chest, firmly beckoning him forward. Without saying a word, the got their goats and stepped out into the cool air. The offshore breeze strengthening as Jack mounted the Vespa and she straddled the seat behind him. The sound of her leather jacket scrunched in his hears as she held him tight. The Vespa's engine now sounded more confident. Jack silently urged it to go faster, the wind wiping in his face, his passenger holding him tighter. He turned the scooter out into the country roads, the same ones used by the annual TT motorcycle races. Jack felt if he could go fast enough, that time would stand still, even if just for a moment. The wind, the grip of the woman, the sound of the Vespa, these sensations could be his forever.

At the dock he parked the Vespa and he boarded Slip Slidin. Jack then easily lifted the mysterious woman over the lifelines into his arms. They embraced on the deck, his face buried in her wild dark hair, the splash of the waves pushed by the wind sounded against the side of the boat. Instinctively, they both moved to the companion way and below deck. Jack carried her to the V-berth in the bow of the boat laying her down with head at the point of the V. He kissed the Nape of her neck, breathing his hot breath on her skin that he could see respond with goose bumps in the dim light. Then gently he kissed the soft spot in the center of her neck. He unbuttoned the first button of the flame red blouse and kissed the newly revealed skin. The next button showed the black lace of her bra. Jack kissed the skin above and below the center v of the bra, breathing life into the flesh. The next button revealed her navel that he slowly kissed a circle around - then a smaller circle - finally a circle around it's rim licking it lightly with his tongue. As the boat rocked in the wind, the bumpers moaned as the weight of the boat pressed them against the dock.

Then he took off her shoes and kissed her warm feet through her stockings. Jack kissed the inside of her right leg up to the edge of the black lace at the top of her stocking and then kissed the inside of her left leg up to the lace boundary marking border between joy and ecstasy.

Once more Jack kissed her navel, slowly moving up her stomach to the edge of her bra, opening the blouse completely in the darkness of the bow of the sailboat. With her blouse open, he moved down her left leg and up her right leg. This time not stopping at the border, but pressing into the promised land. He slipped off her lace panties to reveal a beautifully shaved pussy with just a strip of hair above, as a exclamation point. He kissed the smooth mounds of skin on either side and could feel the heat and moisture building within. The wind increased its pressure on the side of the boat rocking it back and forth with more vigor. Jack licked her clitoris and could hear the wind howling in the halyards hanging from the mast. As he licked and kissed her more deeply, his hands explored the rest of her body. One large hand reached her left breast and smoothly moved under its thin lace protection. The other hand lifted her bottom and her legs wrapped around his shoulder and neck. Squeezing her right buttocks his long fingers touch the bottom of the valley between the two firm checks and moved around the edge of her anus. She could take it no longer and was overcome with spasms of pleasure, her pelvis bucking on Jack's face, her hands tearing at his hair. Finally she let out a low moan and relaxed into the V-berth. After a moment she opened her eye and looked down a Jack, grinning that grin of careless desire.

"Now it is your turn," were the first words she spoke to him in a smooth Celtic accent.

In a single movement she flipped herself and Jack over, now straddling his grinning face. She took off her blouse and bra as the motion of the boat rocked her pelvis over his mouth. Then she gracefully moved done his chest, tearing open his shirt as she went and running her fingers thru his chest hair. Stopping at his belt, she quickly unbuckled it, releasing the pressure that was building in his pants. She pulled down his pants and underwear to expose his swollen cock. She smiled at him and took him in her mouth as no one had done before. He could not hold back for long and quickly came with cries of joy. After he was done, he remained as hard as the mast on his sailboat. She moved forward onto him and kissed his mouth, their tongues playing tag as she eased herself onto him. The boat rocked and the wind howled as the pushed each other to renewed heights of pleasure. Exhausted, the lay in the V-berth holding each other and floating into the depths of sleep.

When Jack awoke, she was gone. All that remained as evidence of the night was a small origami bird left on the galley table. He went up onto the deck to look for her and saw the Vespa was missing! Quickly he went below and dressed. Then he went to see the harbormaster. The harbormaster assured Jack that it was all right. His daughter was visiting and she had retrieved it that morning.