 Rachel's mum seemed to take the news of her daughters break-up with Chris, harder than Rachel did.

"Why darling? He was such a lovely guy." She'd continued peppering Rachel with these kinds of remarks for the past few months. The frequent digs just added to Rachels desire to move out and find her own place. 

She wondered what her mum would say if she answered her queries truthfully. "Well mum, after fucking his dad, who by the way had a much bigger dick than he did, I had to break up with him." She suspected that wouldn't go down very well, but it did bring a smile to her face every time the subject arose.

Rachels best friend from school Emily, had recently announced much to Rachels surprise, that she was getting married. She had only been dating Dan for 3 months and at the age of 21 Rachel thought she was too young to get tied down. Emily wasn't like her though, she had always wanted marriage and kids, even from a young age. It did appear that they were very much in love and Dan seemed like a really nice guy so Rachel was happy for her, despite her doubts. 

The biggest surprise of all though was that the wedding was due to take place in only 3 weeks. Dan was in the army and was due to head out on duty for 6 months. Rachel couldn't believe a wedding could be put together in such a short amount of time, but supposed Emily had been planning it in her mind for 10 years already. 

Much to Rachels delight Emily had asked her to be her maid of honour, she'd even found the perfect dress for her already, all Rachel had to do was go into the shop this week to see if it fitted.

The news of Emilys impending nuptials soon found their way to Rachels mums ears. "Why don't you give Chris a call? You could invite him to Emilys wedding?"

"Mum, leave it, please!" Rachel snapped. 

"I'm just trying to help darling."

"Well you aren't! I'm happy being single thanks, I don't need to take a date." Rachel was beginning to tire of her mum constantly bringing Chris into every conversation.

She drove to work with her mums words still reverberating through her brain. She was young, free and single, she didn't need a guy, she had plenty of time for that, right now she was happy to indulge herself whenever she felt like it, with whomever she wanted. Being stunningly beautiful, with gorgeous blonde wavy hair, piercing blue eyes and a killer figure with huge natural 32FF tits, meant that finding eager men to help satisfy her frequent needs was almost boringly easy.

Most men couldn't keep up with her voracious appetite for sex anyway. Rachel was a very sexual person and didn't see a problem with that. A lot of her old school 'friends' had labelled Rachel a slut. It had hurt her feelings at first but Emily had always stuck by her and that meant the world to Rachel. 

In recent years some of her sexual experiences had caused Rachel to re-access what it was that really turned her on though. Regular sex was great, it helped her unwind and release her frustrations. But great sex? That only seemed to happen when Rachel was sleeping with someone she knew she shouldn't be, like Chris's dad Steve, or Tom, the married guy who she'd sold a house to. Maybe it was a coincidence, but she doubted it. Whenever Rachel wanted to bring herself off, it was always whilst thinking about these forbidden fruits. Usually she thought about fucking them in public places. The thrill of being caught, it turned out, was one of her biggest turn on's.

That day at work seemed to drag on and on. There was a mountain of paperwork to catch up, but her mind kept wandering to naughtier subjects. It had been two weeks since she'd last been laid and it was beginning to make her irritable. She scanned the office, fantasizing about each and every man in turn. Rachel wasn't arrogant but she knew deep down she could have any man in building, married or not, in the blink of an eye. She'd made a pact with herself, never to get involved with a work colleague, but it didn't hurt to imagine what she would do to them if she could.

Fortunately Rachel had requested to leave an hour early that day, the clock couldn't reach 4:30 fast enough. She was feeling so horny that if she stayed any longer and she was likely to cause some mischief. 

"Rachel! Weren't you supposed to leave work early today?" Rachel jumped in alarm, she'd been having a vivid daydream about Mark the new trainee, pinning her up against the coffee machine and fucking her brains out. She looked up to see her boss awaiting her response.

"I completely forgot!" She lied. "What time is it?"

"It's quarter to five."

"Oh crap I hope I don't miss my appointment!" Rachel gathered her stuff and headed for her car. It was a 45 minute drive, so she hoped she wouldn't get caught in traffic or she wouldn't make it to the bridal shop before closing time and doubted she'd be allowed to leave work early again this week.

The traffic turned out to be fine, but it was still 5:30 by the time she pulled up outside the shop, so she ran from the car up to the door, cursing under her breath.

Alan was just locking the front door when he noticed a gorgeous woman jogging across the car park. Alan was far from a ladies man, he was now 40 years old and had never been married. In fact he hadn't even had sex for two years. The sight of this busty young girl jogging towards him, made his eyes bulge and his jaw drop. She was wearing a short grey skirt and a plain white blouse which clung tightly across her gravity defying chest. It reminded him of the intro scene in Baywatch, as he stared almost hypnotized, her breasts seeming to bounce in slow motion as she ran.

It took him a while before he realised she was making a beeline straight towards his shop. It wasn't until she was a few metres from the door, that he managed to snatch his eyes away from her tits, then he let out an audible gasp. Alan had heard the expression that somebody could be so beautiful they could 'take your breath away' but it wasn't until now that he believed it could be true. 

As he gazed at her face for the first time, he was stunned, she was by far the most attractive woman he had ever seen. Her slightly wavy blonde hair was loosely pinned up, leaving a few curls which hung down, framing her gorgeous face. She had strikingly blue eyes, a small button nose and full pink lips. Just looking at her made Alans heart hammer wildly in his chest and his cock gave a longing twitch in his trousers. He had frozen stiff, halfway through turning the sign round to read 'CLOSED' when she spoke.

"Please, please. I'm sorry I'm late but I need to get my dress fitted." Rachel puffed the words out, still breathless after her undignified sprint across the car park.

"Ummm" was the only sound Alan could muster.

"Please, it will only take a few minutes, and then I'll be gone. My friend Emily told me I had an appointment at 5:15, but the traffic has been a nightmare." Rachel fibbed, placing her hands together in a pleading gesture.

"Emily? Oh you must be part of the Saunders wedding party?" Alan managed to clear his head long enough to grasp why he was talking to this incredibly sexy girl.

"Yes! Yes that's right! Look I know you're closing but honestly it will only take a minute." She pleaded once more.

"Of course, come in, please." How could any man turn down spending time in the company of a woman like this? Alan thought to himself, as he unlocked the door and welcomed her in.

"Thank you! You're my hero!" Rachel beamed at him. Alan turned bright red at being addressed this way.

"Not at all" he stammered. "You don't mind if I lock the door behind you do you? I wouldn't want any more customers to come in thinking we are still open." 

"That's absolutely fine!" exclaimed Rachel as she walked past Alan into the shop for the first time. Alan couldn't resist looking down as she passed him, she truly was the epitome of perfection. Her small pert bottom, wiggled temptingly under her short skirt, as she walked. He was amazed at how long and slender her legs were, clad in white nylon, a stark contrast to her bronzed skin. He brushed his hand against his crotch feeling the steadily growing bulge, and giving it a soft squeeze. The lock clicked shut and he turned the sign around.

They introduced themselves and Rachel set about admiring all the beautiful wedding dresses on display.

She could tell that Alan was watching her intently as she walked around the small shop. Every time she looked over at him his eyes seem to flick upwards to meet her gaze. Usually this sort of pervy behaviour annoyed Rachel, but she was grateful to Alan for letting her in when he could have said no. Besides she was feeling in one of her wicked moods again. Maybe a bit of teasing could be fun, she thought.

"Where is the dress Emily has picked out for me?"

"Oh yes! Sorry, It's out back, I'll just fetch it for you." Alan had momentarily forgotten why this incredible girl was in shop, his mind was clouded with lust. 

When he came back, Rachel noticed he looked a bit different. She had to stifle a giggle when she realised he had put water in his hair to try and look more presentable. He'd have to do a bit more than that to impress me, Rachel thought to herself. Alan wasn't very attractive, he was only slightly taller than she was, a bit overweight and had an unkempt look about him. The water in his hair did little to combat it's obviously wild nature, except now it just looked a bit greasy too. She guessed he must be at least twice her age.

The naughty part of her brain told her that age had never been a problem before. She already new he was flustered around her and the temptation to mercilessly tease this poor old bloke was growing inside her. She subtly popped open the top button of her blouse and leaned over the counter to admire the dress Alan had just removed from it's protective jacket. 

She knew straight away it had worked. Men always think they can get away with staring at a woman's chest but 9 times out of 10, they aren't subtle enough. Alan certainly wasn't, he let out a gulp and moved his hands to cover the front of his trousers. 

"It's absolutely gorgeous!" Rachel exclaimed, as she smoothed the soft silk purple fabric of the Bridesmaids dress. "Simple, yet elegant!"

Alan nodded in agreement, but no words came to him as he stared wonder struck at the ample portion of cleavage which Rachel was displaying to him. He could just about make out the lace lining of her white bra, peeking out above her open blouse. It was too much for him, he could feel himself beginning to sweat, and his once semi hard cock was now verging on fully erect.

"Can I try it on?"

"Yes, yes absolutely, the changing rooms are just there." Alan pointed a visibly shaking finger in their direction. "I just need to do some cashing up, so take your time" he mumbled.

Rachel gathered up the long flowing silk gown and marched towards the changing area. She smiled to herself, loving the effect she was having on this hapless bloke. The horny devil inside her was stirring though, she wondered what else she could do to tease the poor bastard, then it came to her, but that was far too wicked! Or was it?

She looked behind and saw Alan sat behind the till, shuffling through some paperwork. There were 4 cubicles in total, she intentionally picked the only changing cubicle in direct line of sight to his desk. They didn't have doors, just a plain black curtain. Inside was a low bench, a few hanging hooks and a full length mirror. Her plan would definitely work.

She pulled the curtain across, intentionally leaving a good few inches of gap along the side. She had a quick look in the mirror and could see a tiny sliver of the back of Alan's head, meaning if he leaned back slightly he would be able to see right into the cubicle. Perfect.

Rachel began slowly peeling off her work uniform, until she was standing there in just her underwear, a sexy white silk and lace half cup bra, with matching panties and white hold-up stockings. She admired herself in the mirror for a while, running her hands across her flat toned stomach, hoping she was putting on quite the show. Movement out of the corner of her eye told her she just might be.

Alan couldn't believe what he was seeing, did she know she'd left the curtain open that much? She can't have done, there is no way she would want him to perv on her surely. He'd yawned and stretched backwards when he had first noticed the gap and it had nearly caused him to topple off of his chair. Now he sat there gawping in amazement at the half naked reflection of this stunning girl, in her sexy lingerie, he couldn't believe his luck as he wiped the drool from his chin. His sex starved cock was now painfully hard, he doubted he'd ever been this turned on in all his life.

Rachel clocked his reflection, she now knew she had his full attention and was relishing it. She too was feeling horny as hell, it had only been 2 weeks since she'd had sex, but to her, that felt like 2 years.

It was only after Rachel pulled the dress up that she realised how open the back of it was, it had a plunging back line, which would make wearing a bra impossible. Rather than worry Rachel, this excited her more than anything. She didn't need to wear a bra as it was, even though her breasts were large, they were incredibly firm and pert. Her colleagues were amazed when she revealed that she hadn't had a boob job, something they all suspected, they were all hers. She was sure she would cause a commotion at the wedding in this silky little number. 

She unhooked her bra and placed it atop her pile of clothes, pulling the straps of the dress up over her shoulders. It was very tight across her chest, so she had to shuffle her breasts into place. The excitement of the situation rippled through her like electricity. Fortunately the silk material of the dress was double pleated at the front, so only a faint outline of her hardening nipples was visible as she took a step back and took in her full reflection for the first time. She delighted in how sexy she looked. The striking purple gown, perfectly hugged her every curve, cascading out from below her pert bottom, down to her ankles. 

Alan was on the verge of having a panic attack. When Rachel had taken off her bra, he had glimpsed a good portion of the exposed side of her naked breast. All manner of thoughts raced through his head, he pictured what it would be like to take the weight of those magnificent tits in his hands, just once. 

Then suddenly the curtain was drawn back. Alan was immediately snapped out of his daydream by the sudden motion, this time however he couldn't recover his balance in time and he fell with an undignified crash onto the floor, sending papers and coins flying in all directions. Rachel laughed hoping in all the commotion that Alan wouldn't notice.

"Are you ok?"

"Yes fine, just a dodgy chair leg, not to worry!" He stumbled to his feet, quickly realizing he still had a blatantly visible erection, he hurried to his chair and quickly pulled it under the desk.

"So what do you think?" Rachel turned round slowly allowing Alan to take in every angle of her beautiful toned physique, in the elegant bridesmaid dress. She had of course noticed his current state of arousal, he wasn't hiding it too well. This just spurred Rachel on, she wanted to make him cum in his pants before she left. 

"It's a p...p...perfect fit." Alan stammered, as his eyes roamed over her, burning with ill disguised lust.

"You don't think it's to tight at the front?" Rachel gently squeezed her huge tits together, causing them to swell up, showing off the deep groove of her cleavage. Alan's eyes bulged in their sockets, he could feel the sweat begin to bead on his forehead. Fucking hell! Is she trying to give me a heart attack? He thought. "No, n...not, a...a...at all." He mumbled. His hand once more found it's way to his massive erection under the desk.

"Oh good" Rachel teased. "There is one more thing I'm worried about though, is my pantyline visible? You can't see it can you?" Rachel took a step closer to Alan and turned around.

This was the final straw for poor Alan. He couldn't believe what was happening, he let go of his throbbing cock, before it went off in his pants. His lips began to tremble, as his eyes swept over her bronzed toned bare back, and down to the most amazing pert peach of a bottom he had ever seen, the purple silk material of the dress fitted her like a second skin. It took all his will power not to reach out a hand and pinch it. Just above this delicious peach, he could indeed make out the outline of her thong. "Holy fuck" he breathed the words, unable to hold them in. 

"What was that?" Rachel asked knowingly. "Can you see anything?"

"I um...well um...there is errr...it's very faint." Alan's voice trailed off into a whisper.

Rachel turned back around. "Oh that's a shame, I guess I shouldn't wear any panties at the wedding then." She giggled, the smile lit up her face.

Alan coughed, if he didn't know any better he would have thought Rachel was flirting with him, but there were no chance on earth that a girl this hot could be attracted to an overweight old fool like him. He still blushed intensely however, his cheeks felt like they were on fire.

After a moments silence when it appeared to Rachel that Alan was at a complete loss for words, she carried on. "Is Emily's Wedding dress here? Could I have a sneaky peek at it?"

"Absolutely! I'll just run and grab it." Alan was pleased at the change in conversation. Any more time thinking about a pantyless Rachel, could have led to a sticky situation in his trousers. He got up awkwardly shielding his erection and hurried out the back to get the dress.

He came back swiftly, carrying the dress, slipping it out of the protective jacket as he went. It was Rachels turn to let out a stunned gasp. It was the most beautiful dress she had ever seen, purest white, with a strapless corseted bodice of satin, overlain with a flowery lace pattern, which spiraled around it. This design Continued down the full length of the dress, which flowed outwards like a shimmering river of rippled silk. "It's gorgeous." Rachel sighed, running her hand lightly over the lace patterning.

"It is indeed. Emily is delighted with it." Alan seemed more composed now. He went to gather it back up but Rachel stopped him.

"Feel free to say no, I know it's naughty, but I couldn't try it on could I?" Rachel bit her lip teasingly, awaiting his response.

How on earth could he say no? How could any man so no to anything this stunning girl asked of them? He knew that it might not fit however. He'd met Emily and although they were roughly the same height and shape, she didn't have assets anywhere near as large as Rachels. 

"By all means, but please be careful with it." Was this a bad idea? Maybe it was, but Alan was actually desperate to see how it would look on her.

"Thank you! Thank you! Don't worry I'll be very gentle with it!" She made her way back to the changing room with the long flowing dress draped over her arm. 

Momentarily forgetting about her flirting game, too wrapped up in the beauty of the dress, she pulled the curtain all the way across, much to Alans disappointment.

Moments later however he heard her voice calling to him. "I need a hand, could you come and zip me up?" Alan nearly tripped over himself as he hurried over.

"Shall I come in?" He blurted out.

"Yes come in, I can't reach the zip." 

Alan pulled back the curtain. Rachel stood with her back to him, holding up a few loose strands of her blonde hair. Alans heart was thudding thunderously once more as he reached out a trembling hand and found the zip. He managed to tug it up half way before it started to strain.

"You might have to breath in a bit."

Rachel sucked in a lung full of air, and after a bit more struggling Alan finally got the zip all the way up. He stood back and stared open mouthed at her reflection in the mirror.
