 A shrill beep from his expensive pager clipped to his belt sharply awoke 35-year-old Tim Reynolds, who was dozing off during half-time of the latest Bears and Cowboys game. He groaned as he realized that he had to go pick up his 5-year-old daughter, Chelsea, who was over at her friend, Fred's, house for a play date. Quickly snatching his keys from the table and briskly jogging out to his '94 Blazer in hopes of returning before the game resumed, Tim fired the SUV up and backed out of the driveway of his average-sized home in the Chicagoland suburbs. 

Within ten minutes, Tim had pulled his vehicle into the driveway of Fred's house, which was a considerably bigger size than his own. Grinning as his ears picked up Chelsea's adorable laughter, Tim headed around to the backyard. However, before he could even call little Chelsea over, his eyes had glimpsed quite possibly the most gorgeous woman he had ever seen. 

Long, beautiful, blonde hair was draped over smooth skin that was tanned to perfection. The lady also had luscious, pink lips, a sparkling smile, striking blue eyes, and soft, sexy legs. Her mouth-watering ass was resting on a lawn chair in the grass, and Tim caught himself staring at it for a few moments until he noticed something far more wonderful. To say that the woman's boobs were perfect would be a severe understatement. Her knockers were gigantic, stretching her tight, pink bikini top to its full capacity. Tim was almost positive that they were natural due to the fact that they shook violently with her every motion. He was drooling.

After a couple more precious minutes in which Tim's eyes slowly and longingly crept all over this goddess's delicious body, he finally shook out of it and timidly approached the yard to greet Chelsea. 

He cleared his throat and softly shouted, "Chelsea, honey, it's time to go home!"

Although he wished that she wouldn't have, the woman turned around and stood up, allowing her massive tits to bounce around freely for a few moments. She smiled and revealed two rows of dazzling, white teeth before extending her hand and saying in one of the sexiest voices that Tim had ever heard,

"You must be Chelsea's father! I'm Rachel, Fred's mom."

Tim managed to nod before replying with a slight stutter,

"Nice to...n-nice to meet you."

She grinned again and bended over (allowing Tim a wonderful view of her flawless butt) to pick up her son, Fred, who was clinging onto her leg. He was scared and immediately buried his face in his mother's massive rack before stealing a quick peek back at Tim. Tim didn't blame the little guy for holding onto Rachel's magnificent boobies, they must have been better than the softest pillows on earth. 

Tearing his horny eyes away from her succulent melons, Tim picked up Chelsea, pecked her quickly on the cheek and followed Rachel into the house, keeping his eyes glued to her ass. 

She laid Fred down on the couch and turned on a video before offering to make a cup of coffee for Tim. He agreed, mesmerized by Rachel's wonderful body. Chelsea ran off to join Fred and Tim walked down the hallway to the kitchen.

For a while, they chatted as Rachel prepared the coffee. Tim learned that she was only 24 and that she had given birth to Fred while in college and had raised him in her dorm. Her boyfriend left her after graduation and she pursued a career in law. Now, she was raking in a nice salary as an attorney. 

After the coffee was done, Rachel handed him a steaming cup and he absentmindedly brushed one of her marvelous tits while grabbing for it. He froze as he watched her mammoth boobs jiggle from his recent touch. Tim was embarrassed beyond belief, and didn't say anything until her bikini-clad melon had come to a complete halt.

"I-I'm sorry...I d-didn't mean to..."

She touched a warm hand onto his.

"It's fine, Tim. It happens all the time."

He gulped as she smiled and continued.

"I don't want to sound ungrateful or anything, but big natural breasts like mine are damn annoying sometimes. I mean, guys are always staring at them at work, I can't go to the store without housewives giving me dirty looks, they're constantly bouncing around, and then stuff like this happens and people feel all uncomfortable."

While still gazing at her mouth-watering breasts, Tim blurted out,

"I think they're wonderful."

Wincing and expecting a crisp slap across the face, he opened his eyes again to be greeted with a sweet smile. Rachel held a hand to her heart before replying,

"Aw, thanks."

She brushed a soft hand across his rugged cheek and Tim, figuring that he didn't have anything to lose after getting this far, continued.

"I mean, even in my SCORE magazines, I hardly ever see natural breasts that look that good."

She grinned and looked down at her perfect chest.

"Yeah, they're good stress relievers. Whenever I'm having a rough time on a case, I'll just give 'em a squeeze and I'll feel a lot better. Fred likes to play with them too; I guess he thinks that they're toys or something."

They both laughed.

"Tim, I know this might sound really rude, but are you as horny as I am?"

She smiled as sexily as she could and began to give her breasts a hard massaged before Tim took a deep breath of determination and reached forward to snatch a boob. She moaned as he began to give her titties a nice, long rub-down. First, he ran his shaking hands all over the warm, soft skin and seized them from the undersides. After lifting them, Tim began to squeeze, first softly around the bottom and sides and then trying his hardest to fit as much boob into his palms as possible before squashing them between his fingers. He proceeded to the nipples, where a couple of pinches ensued. Tim closed his eyes in ecstasy as a weakly smiling Rachel had begun to fondle his member though his khaki shorts. 

He couldn't handle it any longer and with a growl of horniness, snatched Rachel from underneath and took a moment to give her sexy ass a few squeezes and spanks before rushing her up the stairs to her bedroom. Tossing her onto the king-sized bed and watching her bounce a few times, Tim leapt after her and proceeded to hastily rip off her bikini top and glimpse her colossal boobies before taking hold of one and giving it vigorous suck. He took a mouthful of tit into his lips and gave her a few good-sized hickeys on either side of her luscious melon. Next, he took a nipple into his mouth and darted his tongue at it, inducing a short shriek of ecstasy on Rachel's part. This led to the hottest make-out session of his life.

A topless Rachel jammed her wet tongue inside his mouth and shook her chest back and forth as he played with and squeezed her enormous boobs. As they kissed, she had found her way to Tim's dong again and had started to undo his zipper. With his free hand, he assisted her until he had hurriedly tugged down his shorts. As they continued to make out, Tim was receiving an incredible hand-job, with Rachel stroking his naked dick with hard, slow strokes. 

"I can't believe that we're doing this!" she giggled as she continued to hold his penis in her moist hand.

After another few minutes of fondling, kissing, and rubbing, they shifted positions and Rachel laid down on the mattress, her tits falling to either side of her chest with a fantastic bounce. Tim straddled himself onto her waist and she took her boobs from either side and mashed them together, allowing a small hole for Tim's now-glistening cock to fit through. He didn't ask questions and immediately pushed his member inside. It was like heaven. The warm titflesh enveloped his throbbing dong tightly, and Tim just sat there in bliss, occasionally placing his hands over Rachel's and pushing her pleasure mountains closer together. 

After a while, Tim began to get a good motion going, pushing his dick in and out and moaning in elation. He was on the brink of orgasm, when she released her breasts and sat up. Still closing his eyes, Tim didn't move until he felt a huge, sharp jolt of pleasure and looked down to see Rachel's tongue leisurely snaking its way down the extremely sensitive underside of his shaft. She did this a few more times until she had reached the balls, which she promptly had taken into her hot, dripping mouth and given a good sucking. Without warning, she took as much of the pole as she could into her inviting mouth and gave Tim the first blowjob of the life. It was mind-blowing. She used her warm saliva to create a liquid heaven all while licking the head and underside at a snail's base and moving up and down the rod unhurriedly, sucking harder than ever. 

Tim was on the verge of orgasm and gripped a slick, drenched boob in fear of falling over in pleasure. With a thunderous roar, he pumped ropes of his hot, fresh seed into his daughter's friend's mother's mouth. She whimpered as the last few drops fell onto her tongue and continued to suck until he was limp yet again. 

Rachel allowed him a few more minutes of breast play before she donned her bikini top, wiped her mouth, and helped Tim dress as well. They kissed for a while longer before they heard tiny footsteps coming up the staircase. Quickly, they tried their best to act casual as Chelsea and Fred entered the room. Promptly, Fred walked to his mother's side and wiped a tiny finger down the soft side of her breast to reveal a lingering saliva trail. 

"Hmmm..." he said in a soft voice. 

Chelsea and him giggled and bounded back down the stairs before Rachel pounced back onto Tim and began another little episode.