 I'm so fucking angry. 

I stomp into the house and fling my keys at the table. I don't care about how much noise I'm making. I kick off my shoes and one marks the wall, filling me with a savage glee. I feel vengeful, spiteful, and high on the adrenaline of wanting to fight. I don't often get like this, but the combination of frustration and prolonged stress has me ready to punch something, someone. I like it. This time I like it a little too much. It makes me feel powerful and sexy. 

A creak of the flooring alerts me to your presence as I stamp and swear, and I spin around to find you watching me, amused, leaning casually against the door frame. You have your arms folded, but your eyes sparkle. It enrages me. I narrow my eyes and spit out the words, barely able to contain my vitriol: 

"What the fuck do you want?" 

I lift my chin, eyes blazing. I face you, aware of how intimidating others find this. You don't flinch. You appraise me with lazy eyes for a long moment, considering before replying. 

"I want to fuck that mood out of you." 

The way you say it, with equal venom, takes my breath away and ramps up the fire inside me. You unfold yourself from the doorway, and before I have a chance to move, you're on me. You bear me back against the front door, slamming me into it hard enough to make me grunt. You force your tongue into my mouth, holding my wrists behind me so I can't raise my hands to hit you. You've pressed your entire body weight into me, rendering me immobile. Anger and arousal battle within me. 

With effort, I push you away, gasping for breath, aware of my heated blood and a throbbing, aching need between my legs. I'm still so angry, but I'm also incredibly turned on, and the snarl you give me as you back away slightly adds fuel to both fires. 

You grab me hard by both arms and kiss me hard again. There's nothing soft and tender about this. Your stubble rakes my face roughly, and I feel you nip my lower lip with your teeth. I fight with your clothing, unbuttoning your jeans and dragging them down to your thighs. You let go of my arms and rip my shirt. I hear the clatter of buttons as you expose my heaving breasts. You move your mouth to the top of one and mark me, your sucking and biting adding pain and pleasure to the experience. I scratch your back through your shirt, and I hear you hiss. 

Next, you turn your attention to my jeans, unbuttoning them and pulling them roughly down without undoing the zip all the way. I feel your fingers jab at my eager clit, harshly, without finesse. I love it, and the loud moan I give takes us both by surprise. We're both panting hard as you step out of your jeans and drag me into the living room, one hand around my neck, the other working the hot, wet centre of me through my underwear. 

Reaching the sofa, you push me roughly backward onto it, and climb on top of me. I can see the sparkle in your eyes, and your jaw is set. I wrinkle my nose at you and snarl, 

"Do it. Fuck me." 

"Fuck me hard." 

You push my panties aside and enter me in one fast thrust. We grunt together, loudly. We don't care about noise. You retreat, pulling almost entirely out of me again, before looking me straight in the eye, and thrusting back in again. Hard. Fast. 

In between thrusts, you gasp out, "Is this what you want?" 

My reply is most emphatically "Yes", and it gets louder with every time you invade me. You lower your head to my breasts, and start to suck on a willing nipple. I arch up to meet you, my fingers scratching at your shoulder blades. 

You fuck me hard. Every thrust makes my breasts shudder and jiggle, and rocks the sofa. We can't last long like this. I am crying out with urgency, legs braced against the onslaught. 

"Yes." 

"Oh god yes fuck me, honey." 

Every thrust you make excites me more. You tell me you are close. You tell me how you're going to fill me up. You tell me you're going to make a hot, sticky mess of me. 

Feeling me start to flutter, and knowing the signs, you bend your head to my nipple once again, and at the crucial moment, you speed up, and bite my nipple. 

I scream. 

I buck into you, my body completely out of control as pleasure overtakes me. I can feel you throbbing inside me as you come for me. I am only aware of you and your delicious moans, the sheer pleasure coursing through me. It goes on for an age, and I'm lost to everything but you. 

I gradually become aware of the sweat beading at the small of my back, and your weight on top of me. My fingers are sore. I've clenched my fists so hard I've left half moon shaped marks in my palms. You are sweating, panting for breath. 

You rise up on your elbows above me, and move the hair from my eyes. You look tenderly at me. You give me a wolffish smile. 

"Feeling better?" you ask. 

I can only blush.