 It was late summer and I had volunteered to work on a habitat house. We had all put in a lot of hours and the project was nearing completion. 

The Latin beat from my Walkman fills my ears as I move the paintbrush in rhythm, putting a final coat on the wall in front of me. My legs and arms are freckled with white paint; the white man's undershirt clings to my skin in the hot heavy air. I nearly jump out of my skin as I feel a hand on my shoulder. Turning I face Mike, the project manager. I pull the headset from my ears, noticing for the first time how still and quiet the house had become. 

"I'm just on my way out, are you about finished here?" Mike asked. 

I glanced at the wall.

"I really should finish up here."

Mike hesitated a moment then handed me the keys.

"Just lock up when you get done, and drop the keys in the mail slot at the office sometime tonight."

I nodded, and went back to painting, hearing the front door click shut as Mike left. Slipping my headset back over my ears I dance my way through the last half wall, pausing occasionally to wipe my forehead on the back of my arm. Finally I spread the white paint over the last section of wall and headed to the utility room to wash out my brushes. 

As I set my Walkman aside I realize that it has begun to rain. Stepping out onto the back porch I feel the cool air wash over my body. The rain is pouring down in fat heavy drops. I lean against the porch rail for a bit, enjoying the coolness, admiring the view. The trees that hide the old farmhouse bend their branches in the wet breeze. Water pours down in a fountain from the rainspout.

After watching for a moment I remember that I have some shampoo in my gym bag. The house is completely secluded, and I was hot and sweaty. "Why not" I think, and go inside. 

I take the shampoo and a towel from the bag and go back to the utility room. Stripping out of the T-shirt, I toss it in the corner, undo the white lacy bra and tossed it in the same direction, kicking off my sandals, wiggling out of my cut offs, and finally slipping down the white satin thong. Then picking up the shampoo, I run out the back door and down the back steps before I can change my mind. 

The falling rain caresses my hot skin, just cool enough to make my nipples tighten. I step under the rainspout, letting the water pour over me, gasping at the cold. Pouring a little of the shampoo into my hands I work it through my hair, then step back into the water to rinse.

Out of the corner of my eye I suddenly see you walk out from behind the house, a bucket of paint in one hand. I freeze for an instant, my heart pounding, not sure what to do. It only takes a moment to decide to pretend I don't see you. Deep down I've always been an exhibitionist and this is the perfect opportunity to act on the impulse. 

I let my fingers slowly follow the water down my body, sliding over the silky skin of my breasts, teasing the already tight nipples, feeling them harden even more, moaning softly as I see you drop the paint. Leaning back I let the water hit my face, opening my mouth, letting the cool clean water run down. One hand reached up to tease at my sensitive nipple as the other wandered down over my stomach, down and down, slowly parting my legs, teasing my fingertips along my upper thigh. 

Then I move my hand over the smooth skin of my mons, the water running down my body, between my legs. Parting my legs further I let the full force hit my most delicate parts, parting the lips with my fingers as I moan with pleasure.

A streak of lightening and loud thunderclap startle me. I scream, and in the next instant you are there, taking me in your arms. I look up to see you blushing as you realize what you have done. 

"I, I'm sorry, I didn't mean.." you stutter, backing slowly away. I reach up to catch the fabric of your shirt in my hand.

"Stay" I whisper, seeing the startled look on your face as you hesitate. 

Pressing my body against the rough wet fabric of your jeans and work shirt I look up at you. Are you sure?" you ask. I nod and smile into your eyes as I undo your shirt button by button, running my fingers over your exposed chest, lightly flicking my thumbnail over your nipple. Hearing your breath quicken, your moan as I run my palm over the front of your jeans. 

Sliding down to my knees in front of you I unlace and pull off your work boots... one then the other and finally your socks. I run my hands back up the inside of your legs, reaching up to undo your button fly and see that you were wearing nothing underneath. I slide down your jeans, leaning in to bite gently at your upper thigh. Then I slowly ran my tongue over your scrotum, feeling the skin draw tighter at my touch. 

You run your fingers through my hair as I flick my tongue up your shaft, all the way up, then pulling the head of your cock into my mouth, working it with my lips, trembling at the sounds of your pleasure. You pull me up to you and our lips meet in a hard hungry kiss. Reaching down with one hand you part my legs further and slide your fingers into my warm wet slit as I cling to you. Pressing two fingers deep inside me you run your thumb in circles over my clit as I moan into your mouth, pressing hard against your fingers. 

With your other hand you began to play with my full breasts, cupping one then the other, gently squeezing, then rolling the nipples between your fingers. Your fingers sliding in and out of my wetness as you pinched and tugged my nipples. I ran my nails down your back as I cry out in pleasure. Screaming into the rain, my body began to shake with my orgasm as you press your thumb hard against my clit, fingers moving harder and faster until I can't take it and have to pull away. 

Resting my hands on your shoulders I gaze into your hungry eyes, pressing against you I kiss you again, feeling your hands slide down my back, squeezing my ass. You move me back until I am pressed against the side of the house, lifting my leg up against your hip you slide your cock deep inside me, making me cry out as I feel you fill me. I wrap my leg around you as you drive into me again and again. Our eyes lock, we feed on each other's pleasure. I feet your body tense and know you can not hold back any more. 

I gasp as the sweet slow burn of my second orgasm slowly rolls through me, feeling you cum deep inside me, our cry's echoing together until we finally collapse on the wet ground. 

Several moments pass before realize... it is no longer raining.