 This was going to turn into one interesting evening Brittany thought to herself. The two of them had been playing their little side games during raid nights for almost a year now. Things started out innocent enough, just something to add a little spice to the repetitive runs. It took a bit of convincing to get her to go along with it. But after playing their little game a few times she started to look forward to it and even added in some twists of her own.

She still remembered fondly that first night she agreed to play. They had been flirting for a while and nearly all her time was spent with him. Most nights they would go on a raid that he led. She got so turned on watching him take charge and issue commands, more so then she liked to admit. Their little group had become quite proficient at the raids, which is when what she liked to call his creative mind came into play.

He proposed that for each semi rare item they got that night she would take off an article of clothing. A strip raid he termed it. They normally didn't get more then three or four of those items in a night. Most runs it was just one or two semi rare items. After several weeks of flirting with the idea she finally agreed. She figured she might have to take off her socks and maybe her shirt and besides no one would see her do it anyway since she was alone in the comfort of her own home. 

"So you're really going to do this? You're not just teasing?" He typed.

"Yes, I'm really going to do it." She replied.

"Ok so tell me what you're wearing."

"Nothing special. Just a cute blouse, jean shorts, socks, bra and panties."

"What color are the panties beautiful." He grinned too himself.

"I'm not telling." She teased back.

"Ok"

"Blue." She blushed, thinking about him envisioning her in her blue panties. She never really understood why this little flirting game turned her on so much. She just knew that him knowing those intimate details about her really affected her. The first time he asked that question she had gasped, thinking she would never reveal that. Now she was telling him nearly every day.

"So we need five items to drop then." He smiled.

"Six, I am wearing two socks."

"Everyone knows socks count as one item."

"Maybe where you're from but out here we are counting them as two." She teased.

"Fine, I'll let it slide then. I am just excited that you agreed to play."

"Me too."

The run started out very smoothly as they slipped into their normal routine. She played her part as he issued commands and lead the group on their run. Their flirting was a bit more intense this run. She felt herself getting more and more turned on at the thought of stripping for him. She allowed her mind to wander to thoughts of him thinking of her naked when the first item dropped.

"Strip!" He commanded.

"Ok, one second. Kind of hard to take off a sock and play at the same time." She teased.

"I bet." He grinned.

"Well that's all you will probably get off me this evening anyhow."

"We will see about that, I have plans to get you completely naked tonight."

"I doubt that." She blushed thinking about having to be naked for him. For now it's only a sock she thought to herself as she struggled to use one foot to slide the sock off the other. She finally managed to slide one sock off without taking her hands off the keyboard. 

"Strip!!" He commanded again as yet another item dropped.

"What? That was fast." She replied looking up at the screen in disbelief. Items never dropped this fast for them. She slid her other sock off and started to feel the nerves build up in her stomach. It was starting to look like things may go a bit further then she planned. 

"So are you naked yet?" He teased.

"No! I just took my socks off." She replied.

"Give it time you will be." He smiled.

"We'll see."

She was offered a bit of a reprieve as nothing dropped for a while. Feeling a bit more relaxed, she slipped back into the friendly flirting. When the next item dropped, she felt the butterflies come right back as she realized she would be taking off her shorts or shirt.

"Strip!" He commanded yet again.

"I know." She said taking her hands off her keyboard and struggling to slide her tight shorts down her legs. She really should have worn a skirt or sweats she thought to herself. It was a pain trying to get these off while still playing the game. It was odd how much this was turning her on. It wasn't as if anyone could see her. Plus there was no way for him to know if she was really taking anything off or not. Yet she could feel him watching her and knew that he knew she was telling the truth.

"What did you take off?"

"My shorts." She replied feeling her face darken a bit.

"Nice, I'll just sit here and think about your bare legs then. And how nice it would be to slowly run my hands along them."

"You can look but not touch." She teased.

"Like you would actually stop me from touching. I bet you would just throw your legs in my lap if you were here." 

"Maybe." She replied as she watched yet another item drop. She reached down and quickly pulled her blouse up over her head in an attempt not to interrupt her play. She felt the cool winter air caress her body and send a shiver up her spine. I'm going to have to turn up the heat a bit next time she thought to herself.

"Yes! I mean strip!" He said thinking about her sitting there in just her blue bra and panties. The constant flirting and thoughts of her nearly naked had him incredibly hard. He was going to need some relief after this run.

"I did!" She replied sitting there in only her underwear. She wondered if it was weird to get so turned on. She undressed every day in her room. The only difference was she was undressing for him and he knew she was nearly naked. Unfortunately it was getting near the end of the run, she thought, realizing that she really wanted to get completely naked for him. Well there is always tomorrow she thought to herself.

He was telling her how much enjoyed playing this game with her and how much fun he was having picturing her in her bra and panties when they were treated with yet another drop. Followed quickly by two more. 

"Looks like you're getting naked!" He grinned.

"Ok, one second lets not get killed first." She said trying to concentrate on her play. The run ended before she had time to take of the rest of her clothing. But she quickly stripped out of them right afterward. It was hard to believe how horny this silly little game made her. She could feel the wetness between her legs and felt her hand reaching down to fill her burning desire. 

"So are you naked?" He asked, interrupting her thoughts. 

"Um, yes." She replied feeling his eyes on her naked body.

"Good. I wish I was there." 

"Oh really? And what would you do if you were here?"

"Take lots of pictures!"

"Ha!"

"I would take you into my arms and give you the longest deepest kiss of your life."

"Mmmm, I like that."

"Then I would let my hands slide slowly down your back, across your firm butt, and along your smooth legs." 

"My butt isn't that firm." She teased.

"My hands would wander up your legs, along your inner thighs, and across your stomach. They continue north where they find your breasts and begin to massage them. While my lips kiss their way down your chest between your breasts." He continued, ignoring her self-deprecation. 

"Yesss." She replied as she felt her hands involuntarily mimicking the actions he described. 

"I kiss my way around one breast, finally taking one nipple into my mouth and sucking on it."

"My hands are a bit to busy keep replying to you." She smiled to herself.

"Ok. You feel my hand slowly start to inch its way back down your stomach as I continue to massage and kiss your breasts." He continued. She felt her hand involuntarily start to slide down her stomach. 

"My fingers slowly slide along your lips pushing firmly against you as they slide further down." He said, her fingers mirroring the action as he described it.

"One then two fingers slip into your soaking wet pussy. They begin to work in and out as my mouth makes its way up to your lips, giving you a deep kiss. I gently lay you down and slide on top of you as my fingers continue their assault. I can feel your heart pound against my chest and your breathing quicken when you feel me press against you. What do you want I ask, waiting with anticipation for your reply." He continued.

"Fuck me, now." She quickly typed with her free hand.

"I let my fingers slide from your wetness and slowly tease you with my hard cock." He replied. 

"Pushes my hips up against you." She typed wanting more.

"Pulls back a bit letting the head of my cock slide along your lips teasing you more and making you wait and beg."

"Struggles against your strong grip trying to force you inside me."

:"Slides an inch inside you teasing you and them pulls back out."

"Moans, wanting more."

"Slides two inches in and then back out again before plunging completely inside you while giving you a deep hard kiss."

"Shivers and moans." She typed back struggling to use her free hand to reply to him.

"Slowly and forcefully pounds your wet pussy while kissing my way down to your soft breasts that are being fondled roughly."

"Mmmm" She manages to type, her fingers buried deep inside her, her palm grinding furiously against her swollen clit.

"Increases the pace faster and harder."

"Oh my god." She moaned as she felt a wave of pleasure surge through her body as she climaxed.

Whatever he typed next she couldn't remember. It was all a blur. The intensity of the orgasm caught her unaware causing her to practically collapse. She smiled to herself remembering that pleasure and the many times it had been repeated though none quite matching that first time.

Those early runs she sat alone in her room safe from prying eyes. Even so, she found it fun and quite exhilarating. The thought of him picturing her naked was such a turn on. Most of those early nights she would end up almost fully clothed, only occasionally ending up naked. 

Then the game started to evolve as they got a bit more daring. They started adding new rules and making little bets. One night they agreed that if he ran a clean run and no one died she would masturbate for him after the run if not he would masturbate for her. A silly rule since she regularly masturbated while they played their games though he didn't know it. Another rule, one of her favorites, was if an item she really wanted dropped and she got it she would spend the rest of the run naked with her vibe on low inside her. That particular rule ended up making some runs a lot more challenging for the group as she was the primary healer and the vibe would drive her to distraction.

It was all great fun but she found that she wanted more. So one night before a run she told him to turn on his cam so they could chat. He of course protested that the run was about to start and they didn't have time to cam before hand. She replied that she knew and they were going to cam during the run using their initial rules. She imaged his jaw dropping as he sat there in stunned silence. 

"Are you sure?" He replied back eventually 

"Yes." She quickly replied not wanting to lose her nerve.

"Ok." He quickly replied. Within minutes they were looking at each other and fully distracted from the raid. 

That night turned out to be a disaster, as he couldn't concentrate. Not a single item dropped, but it was worth it for the look on his face she thought to herself. Within a week he had seen her in just her bra and panties and then a week later completely naked. Both of those runs ended in disaster as he paid more attention to the cam then the game. 

The escalation began again with both of them adding new rules or bets. It surprised her a bit that they had come to the point they were at today. She felt butterflies in her stomach at the thought of tonight's game. He had sent her the device about a week ago and she had given it a few test runs to make sure she was comfortable with it. Comfortable wasn't the right word, more like ecstatic she thought to herself. But she had always been in control tonight could be a different story.

The thing looked like an upside down u shaped padded stool on a padded board. The stool had a hole in the middle with a dildo coming out of it that was capable of quite a large range of stroke lengths and speeds. Plus vibrations could be sent through the shaft at different intensities. Then there was the vibrating head that pushed right up against her clit and had its own set of controls. To ensure she couldn't wiggle off the device there were a set of straps that held her lower legs to the padded board and kept her hips firmly held against the stool. Her pussy and clit would be at his mercy the entire night. That thought alone sent shivers up her spine.

"Hello gorgeous." He said through his web cam. "Are you ready for tonight?"

"I'm a bit nervous." She replied.

"Good that will make it more fun." He grinned. "But really it's unlikely that we will put that thing to use for a few weeks."

"I know. I'm not sure I want to wait that long." She confessed.

"Well we will see. Just so we are clear if your item drops and you get it then you strap yourself in for the rest of the run." He said.

"Yes," she replied blushing a little at the thought of it.

"You look so sexy when you blush." He commented.

The run was going incredibly smooth that night. The ease of it gave them extra time to flirt and let their minds wonder. Her mind drifted to thoughts of how it would feel to have him watching her on the machine. She could feel herself getting more and more turned on as the night progressed. She wondered if she could actually stand waiting for the weeks it would take for their condition to be met. She was daydreaming about a different set of rules to trigger the bet when it happened.

Her item dropped she couldn't believe it after months of hopping it finally dropped. Two others in the group wanted it as well, so it wasn't hers yet. She hoped with all her might that it would end up with her. And when it did she was elated. 

"Yes!" She shouted.

"Ouch, my ears. A little less excitement maybe." He teased back.

"Oh my god, I can't believe I finally got that. I'm so excited right now I just can't even tell you." She said.

"Oh I know beautiful." He replied.

After a few minutes of her reveling in her gain he reminded her of their conditions. In the excitement she nearly forgot. The nervousness and excitement doubled as she thought about what was going to happen. They got to a safe point in the run where she could strip without getting anyone killed and began taking off her cloths. She teased him seductively removing each item of clothing. She got on her hands and knees, turned around, and showed him how wet he was making her. She rolled her ass at him knowing it would drive him crazy. Then she turned back around smiling as she fondled her breasts for him.

"I want to see your hard cock." She said rubbing one of her nipples. "Get it out and play with it for me."

"That's not part of tonight's game." He smiled knowing that he would do it anyhow if she begged.

"Ok," she fake pouted.

"Are you ready?" He asked.

"Yes." She smiled plugging the USB cable from the machine into her computer so he could take control.

"Alright then get on and strap yourself in." He grinned.

She lowered herself onto the stool and felt the dildo easily slide into her wet pussy. She tightened the straps around her lower legs and hips securing herself into place. She felt a shiver of excitement pass through her at the thought of him now being in control. She smiled at him and then attempted to return her focus to the game, as they still had an hour left in the raid.

"Make sure you pay attention I don't want anyone dieing." He teased as he started the machine with long slow strokes 

"I'll be fine." She started to say, interrupted by a small vibration against her clit.

"Hey," She yelped making a mock stern face at him.

"Well it's a good thing we brought an extra healer tonight." He grinned activating the vibrator that pushed up against her clit.

"That's not fair." She moaned trying to focus a bit on the raid.

He slowly increased the speed of the strokes while watching her reaction. When he could tell it was really starting to have an effect he would suddenly slow it back down or stop it for a moment and then slowly speed back up. He was driving her insane. She wanted so badly to just undo the straps and finish herself off. She could see the desire in his face as he played with her. 

"My god, you're such a tease!" She complained to him.

"Oh did you want me to stop?" He asked stopping the machine.

"Noooo, don't do that." She protested.

"Well then stop complaining." He smiled. Then setting the dildo on long slow strokes he began to tease her clit with random pulses of vibration. He watched her hips react and her hands go to her breasts as he slowly teased her. It was a good thing they had the extra healer as there was no way she would be able to play in the state he had her in. He really should have had someone else lead the night's run, he thought to himself as he enjoyed the show. Fortunately things were on autopilot and the run was nearly finished. 

After what seemed like hours to her but was surely minutes he picked up the pace and kept it there. The intense vibrations he started to send through her clit forced her to moan out load. The game was no longer there it was just the machine and her. It would be a matter of moments till it pushed her over the edge. The long fast deep strokes coupled with the light vibration on her clit was more then she could take. She shuttered as the first wave hit her. He backed off a little and then pushed her on to a second wave. 

Her hands reached back behind her searching for support as her hips attempted to buck against the bindings holding her tightly to the machine. Her struggle adjusted her position just enough that the dildo hit her sweet spot on every stroke. He quickly picked up on the change and ramped the pace up even more. 

"Oh god." She moaned ripping at the bindings holding her in place. She couldn't take it any longer. He watched as she freed herself from the pulsating machine. Her body collapsed limp beside it as she struggled to catch her breath. He sat there admiring her beautiful body and the soaking wet swollen pussy that was pointed right at him. 

"Well I guess we will have to come up with a different rule now." He said after letting her rest for a few minutes.

"Huh?" She asked not fully recovered.

"Well it's not like you need that item still." He replied.

"True." She said smiling. It had been an amazing night. She got her item. She had wanted it for almost a year now and on top of that she had the ride of her life. If only she had a nice massage to finish the night off then it would be perfect. Too bad he lives so far away she thought regretfully. 

"I'm sure we will come up with something."

"I'm sure we will. But not tonight, I feel like I am about to pass out. We can figure it out tomorrow." She smiled.

"Ok," he replied already dreaming of the possibilities that lay ahead.