 This is the story of my sex with my boss Rahul. 

I have always noticed that Rahul, my boss had a crush on me and his eyes are on my breasts. I also liked him and his physique. But he always tries to find fault with all my work and I continued to make mistakes. He once called me in his Cabin and told me that my probation is going to end in a month and my performance is not good enough to make me permanent and I need to put in a special performance to keep my job in hand. 

"What should I do special?" I asked him. 

I could see that he was looking at my boobs and my naval visible through my saree. I was standing and leaned forward with this question and my pallu fell off. Rahul was staring at my cleavage and I stood like that. 

He slowly caught my waist and asked " What can you do?"

"Anything for you" was my reply.

Rahul stood up and asked " Can we go to my flat now?"

I nodded yes and kissed him on his cheek. The message was clear! We both wanted to fuck each other!

He wanted to have me immediately and we left the office the same moment. It was 12.30 noon. We had lunch on the way and arrived at his apartment, which was very nice but not fancy, and he opened some beer. I sat on the couch and he sat in a chair to his left. He excused himself to go to the bathroom when he returned he sat on the couch with me. It wasn't 5 seconds before we were in each other's embrace and kissing and biting furiously. We both were very starving to have each other. I hugged him tight and hard and he sucked my tongue, while his hands were squeezing my bottom. I could feel his cock hardening and it was pressing against my stomach. We walked arm in arm to the bedroom and resumed kissing. 

He removed my saree and started kissing my cleavage. He was vigorous and was kissing my breasts over the blouse. His hands were squeezing my boobs and he was licking my naval. He couldn't control his passion and removed my blouse. The bra was next and he unhooked it while I was holding the cups in place. Then I turned around, facing him, and pulled my bra off, revealing firm, shapely breasts (34c) with large nipples. I removed his shirt by then. Rahul bent down and cupped one breast in either hand and kissed them until I reached down, unfastened his pants and pulled them down. He stepped out of his pants, wearing only the underwear. 

We lay on the bed, Rahul in his shorts and me wearing the Petticoat. I started by kissing him firmly on his mouth, forcing my tongue through his lips. I wanted to dominate him and prove my sexual worth and also assure my job security. I kissed him on both eyes and the pulse spots on his temples and then down his throat. He raised his chin to allow my mouth to go where it wanted. I kissed my way down to his chest and lightly nipped both of his nipples with my teeth, then licked them with my tongue, and continued to kiss and lick my way down until my tongue was coiled in his navel. After I reached that point, I asked him to remove my Petticoat, which he gladly did. He was smiling contentedly and sighing in pleasure.

He told me – " Reshma, I am enjoying what you are doing. You are a great seductress!" 

I smiled back and told him I would be doing a lot more than that. As he removed my Petticoat he kissed my legs, as close to my crotch as he could reach. He told me he would be kissing me a whole lot more than that, and in a lot more places when it was his turn. He wants me to do all that I can and prove my seductive powers!

Wearing only my panties I straddled him, squeezed my breasts together and began to massage him with my nipples in the same places where he had been kissing me. This included rubbing my big, sensitive nipples against his small, less sensitive ones. This time, when I reached his under shorts, I removed them and his cock, which had been rigid for some time, sprang loose. I took it gently in my hand, kissed the tip and licked the hole at the end. Rahul sighed with pleasure and started moaning.

"Turn over", I said, so he did. I straddled his back and started massaging his shoulders with my hands. I worked my way down to his ass then went over the same areas with my breasts. I was rubbing my nipples all over him. 

"Spread your legs" I told him and, after he did, I put my thumbs inside his as cheeks, to either side of his hole, and massaged this very private area. Again, my hand massage was followed by a nipple massage. By this time, my nipples were fully erect and I pressed them firmly into his as cheeks. It seemed impossible but I believe his cock got even harder when I did this. Then I told him to turn over again. 

As he lay on his back, his cock stuck up like a flagpole. I held it gently in my hands, kissed it again, licked the hole again and knelt beside me. I told him to remove my panties and he was very glad to turn sideways, hook his fingers into the waistband and pull them down to my knees. The sight of my beautiful pussy with the soft black pubic hair made him even more aroused. I saw his cock trembling with passion. I leaned over him and I kissed both of his thighs Next, I stood up and stepped out of my panties and we were equally naked. Then I got back on the bed, straddling his legs, and took his cock in my hands, rubbing the tip against my clit. The tip of his cock slipped into my sopping wet pussy and I stayed in that position for a long minute. 

Lubricating juices were running down his cock from my pussy and soaking into his trimmed pubic hair. Slowly, I lowered myself and his cock slipped easily the rest of the way into my pussy. For about three minutes I stayed like that, unmoving except for a few twitches. Even the twitches caused his cock to throb more. His pubic hair was soaked from all the pussy juices.

I lifted myself of him and my pussy pulled free of his cock with a slurping sound. More pussy juices bathed his cock and dripped down to cover his pubic area and drip down his crotch. I bent over his cock, held onto the base of it with my thumb and forefinger and started licking my juices off him. Like a child licking a Lollypop, I licked the shaft, the head and under the ridge, until I had swallowed all my juices, then I backed off, knelt between his legs and started licking his crotch and balls. One testicle at a time went into my eager mouth to be caressed by my tongue and lips. The next place on my agenda was the underside of his shaft and I ran my tongue in a broad stroke all the way to the tip. I surrounded the head of his cock with my lips, and then slowly moved my head down, engulfing him in my mouth. While his shaft entered my mouth, I caressed it lovingly with my tongue, until my lips reached the pubic hair that I had soaked earlier. Then I backed off slowly and every fraction of an inch I applied suction with my lips, until only the tip of his cock was in my mouth. 

I removed the tip of his cock from my mouth and smiled at him. Then I kissed it, licked the head, and started to engulf it in my mouth again. Slowly, his cock disappeared to be fondled by my talented tongue. Once again I continued to take him into my mouth until my lips were pressed against his pubic hair but this time I stayed there for a minute while my tongue caressed his shaft inside my mouth. When I backed off from his cock this time, I applied the same kind of suction with my lips.

Rachel lay back moaning in pleasure and watched my head bobbing up and down on his shaft. I also moaned because it felt so good, at the end of one stroke I stopped, took his cock out of my mouth and said

"I really like sucking you off. I hope you can hold off Cumming for a while." 

Then I resumed taking his rod all the way into my mouth and out again. Whatever technique I used, I sucked his cock all the way into my mouth and I sucked it slowly, to make it last. Slow or not, however, he could not hold off forever. 

I had felt his climax building for a while and when it got close he told me -

"I'm going to cum".

I nodded my head briefly and sped up the strokes of my mouth. My tongue got even busier on his shaft.

"I'm Cumming", he told, and seconds later he ejaculated into my mouth. 

At his last announcement, I had stopped and squeezed the middle of his cock with my lips so he would cum onto my tongue and I would get the full taste of it. After he had finished ejaculating, I continued to suck his cock with my lips to squeeze out every drop. I took his softening cock out of my mouth and licked the tip and all around the head. 

After swallowing everything I could, I moved up on the bed to lie beside him. We hugged and kissed, with our tongues intertwining again. Leaning over me, he kissed me hard on the mouth and softer on the eyes and throat. She kissed his way down my throat to one of these places and gently began to massage me, licked the large, erect nipple and it felt even better to his tongue than it had felt on his back or chest. With one boob in either hand, he alternated licking my nipples. I murmured my appreciation, and he continued to suck my boobs and pleasures me. He clamped his lips onto one of them and sucked gently while flicking the nipple with his tongue. 

Then it was the other one's turn until he started licking his way down my belly. When he reached my soft, brown pubic hair, he switched positions to kneel between my spread legs. He placed a pillow under my ass, arranged his shoulders on the undersides of my thighs and gazed on the wet pussy that was ready for his oral pleasure. He started licking from my toe. He was licking my thighs and I was moaning with anticipation. He then licked all the juices that were flowing from my pussy. The well-trimmed pubic hair was soaked. He was especially sure to lick everything from my love hole. He was licking it slowly first and then increased his speed. He licked the inner walls of my pussy, my clit and started licking deep in. His tongue was deep inside my pussy and I was trembling with pleasure. I was moaning more loudly in pleasure and my pussy was already humping into his face. His lips clamped down around my clit and his tongue started probing and flicking and caressing my love button. After a minute of this my pussy was thrusting even more strongly against his face. I was uncontrollable and I said I am Cumming... Telling me this was unnecessary because my back was arched so that my ass was off the bed, my thighs were clamped around his temples and my hands were on the back of his head, jamming his face tightly into my pussy. As I continued Cumming, my ass bounced up and down on the bed while I thrust my pussy into his face and I was howling incoherently. His lips remained clamped around my clit and his tongue continued its tender, loving caressing. As I climaxed, my arms slammed down on the bed beside him and my legs oscillated from side to side with his head still held tightly. When I was done, my legs were draped over his shoulders and my cum juices were running out of my pussy. He was not ready to stop yet. He put his finger inside my pussy and started finger fucking me then. 

He fucked me with both his tongue and finger and I was in heaven. After one more orgasm, I asked 

"Rahul, please fuck me, I need your cock so badly inside me. Please fuck me."

He stood up, rubbed the tip of his cock against my clit, then rose up and inserted the head into my sopping wet pussy. He stayed that way for a few seconds, then slowly sank down, impaling on the rod, until our pubic hair mingled. Then he rose up again, until the just the head was still in, then back down again, slowly, he moved up and down slowly at first, while he inserted his finger also inside along with his cock. HE then sped up the pace that made me want to come. I matched his motions with mine and he filled my pussy with hot cum. We hugged and kissed and lay down with his cock still in my pussy. He sucked my nipples then like a small kid. After 10 minutes he took his cock out. His cock was as limp as a wet rag and mycunt was dripping cum!! . I loved that seen and took it in my hand and licked his cum from his cock. I then started sucking him again. This time I was chewing his coc like a lollypop and he started growing inside my mouth.

He was erect again! I couldn't resist that. I put him on bed and rubbed my tits on it. His cock was strong. I decided to go on top and sat on his lap and took his cock and inserted it into my wet dripping pussy. He caught me by my ass and started pumping me. I took his head up and pushed my left nipple into his mouth. His hands were pumping my ass up and down and he was sucking my nipples alternatively. We fucked for 5 minutes and we fell down, tired and satisfied. The time was 5.00 pm then! 

I got my job confirmation the next day!