 I drive to a secluded corner of the park. I search for your car but I don't see it. Still, I have the feeling that you are already there... lying in wait. I get out of the car and look around. The rain, which have been pouring down all day, has reduced to a gentle sheet. The air smells fresh and clean. I walk deeper into the park, slightly trembling with the anticipation of finding you. Lustful fantasies occupy my thoughts as I begin my hunt. I dart behind tall trees and under bushes, but find nothing. I walk along a muddy trail that leads deeper into a grove of trees. 

Out of the corner of my eye I see a quick rustling of branches from a nearby bush. My heart beats faster. Is this my prize... my prey? I quickly around the other side of the bush, but don't see anything. Dejected, I let out a sigh and turn around to head back to the trail. I heard another rustling noise close by. What is that sound? I check around the next shrub and notice two sneakers, attached to a pair of legs, protruding from the back of the shrub. I stealthily sneak behind and leap... 

I wrap my hands around your waist. The impact of my dive sent us sliding on the wet, slick grass. I rose to my knees and looked down upon you. The impact pressed you against the ground and you slowly rolled onto your back. I couldn't hold back the gasping sound I made as I first laid eyes upon you. You are wearing a soaked white shirt, clinging to your body. The grass stains on the shirt couldn't hide your nipples poking through the fabric or hide the fact that you weren't wearing a bra. I instantly felt a throbbing in my jeans as I fought the instinct to rip off my pants. Your chest was heaving up and down with each breath you took. I crawled over to you, staring deeply into your eyes for a moment. 

I pulled you to me as our lips locked in a lusty embrace. I slowly lowered your head to the ground and pined your arms above your head. I planted wet, sloppy kisses around your face and neck as my body was grinding against yours. Your nipples pressing against my chest sent shivers down my spine while I continued to grind my body against your inner thigh. I slid down your body, kissing your lower neck and shoulders while my fingers lightly grazed your arms.... gently scratching your neck and running through your hair. 

I kissed your chest, darting my tongue between your breasts. My hands, unable to resist the temptation, pressed your breasts together as I plunged my face between your soft, creamy flesh. My hands kneaded your breasts, causing me to shiver and moan with ecstasy. My thumbs were rubbing and tweaking and tugging on your nipples. My head emerged from your creamy folds as I ran my tongue around an erect nipple. I slowly lowered my mouth onto your breast and began to gently suck down. My tongue flicking at the nipple as one hand continued to knead and tug at your breasts. My other hand desperately tugged at the zipper and button on your jeans. With effort and assistance, I was able to gain access as I slid a trembling hand between your legs. I gasped in surprised as I realized you weren't wearing underwear and felt a wetness not caused by the rain. 

I planted wet, sloppy kisses down your stomach to your waist. I pulled your pants down just past your knees and stared between your legs. Immediately, I lowered my mouth, allowing my tongue to dart around your inner thigh. I reach my hands up to cup your cleavage again as I rolled my tongue around and around... lower and lower. I raised my head to just above you... breathing hotly and heavily down on you, causing your wet, glistening pubic hairs to move. I lowered myself back down upon you and allowed my tongue to quickly dart inside you. 

My hands grasped your bottom as I press my head deeper between your thighs. I felt your hands on my head, guiding me to your sensitive spots. You started to convulse under me as I squeezed your bottom even harder. After a few moments of this, I started to tug at the buttons on my pants, desperate to free my throbbing hard-on. I kicked off my shoes and savagely ripped off my pants and underwear, exposing my throbbing, glistening cock. I straddled over your face as I kneeled over you. My knees were on either side of your head as I lowered my face down between your legs. Picking up on my cue, I felt your warm lips take my sac into your mouth, your tongue rolling around my balls. I started to shake in delirious pleasure as I tried to concentrate on getting you off. 

You guided my throbbing, leaking shaft into your mouth while my tongue and fingers worked in harmony darting in and out at a furious pace. I felt your body tightening up as my probed my fingers deeper inside you. I felt my own impending explosion drawing near as I turned around to face you. I spread apart your legs as you arched yourself up towards me. I lowered myself into you, eyes closed... enjoying the tight, warmth surrounding me. I slowly... deliciously slowly lowered myself inside you until I was completely inside you. I held this position for a moment enjoying your tightness. 

My hands made their way back to your familiar breasts as I slowly... ever so slowly rise from within you. I'm grinding my teeth together in an attempt not to explode right there and then. I pulled myself so only the head of my shaft penetrated your legs. At once I slammed myself back into you, my balls bouncing off your inner thighs. Once more, I slowly... slowly pull myself out. I felt myself starting to lose control. I dug my nails into your waist as I slammed myself inside of you. My breathing becoming more ragged as I continue to pump myself inside you. I start to shake uncontrollably as I drill myself into you the ache between my legs growing stronger and stronger... harder and harder... faster and faster I beat myself within you until at last I cry out and collapse on top of you. My explosion inside you triggered your own orgasm as we both ride wave after wave of ecstatic release until we are left panting and drained.