 Hmm let me see... 

We'd both looked sideways at each other when we'd seen the weather forecast. "rain all day with possible thunderstorms" it was hot and sunny for the third day in a row, perfect to go for a walk and take some photos. 

Wandering in the bush later that afternoon we did notice a drop in temperature but only enough so we started back to the car not enough to scare us off taking pictures; but as the first drops hit, we knew it wasn't going a gentle spring shower. The sound of the heavy drops as they hit the leaves of the trees above us sounded like rain on a tin roof. It was still warm though and as the lazy drops fell from the canopy in big wet splotches we packed our cameras into our bags and taking you by the hand we started hurrying towards the car. 

The rain got heavier and as we made it back to the car park we both saw the dark menacing clouds rolling towards us. We were both well on the way to being completely soaked. I climbed over in the back seat and popped the clips opening up the boot area finding the beach towel there I threw it at you just as the first lightning hit a tree up on the ridge with a crackle. The rain got harder still as it drove the last picnic goers from the car park leaving our car the only one.

Watching the rain cast streamers down the windscreen the odd light made it look like your skin was a sheet of water grabbing my camera I took a photo and watched your eyes light up in a mock challenge. I was still in the expanded boot area and you climbed over in a mock attempt to grab the camera from me. Dodging you I put the camera back then leant playfully for a kiss catching your mouth just as a second strike of lightning exploded an exposed rubbish bin in the middle of the picnic area laughing I took your hands in mine and laid you down holding your hands above your head I kissed you again this time my hips rolled above yours and you could feel my length already pushing against my jeans. matched by the lust you saw in my eyes. 

My mouth devoured yours as our tongues found each other. My fingers entwined yours as I rolled completely on top of you my legs falling between yours. my hips already slowly rocking, grinding against yours. The rain beat down even heavier making it almost impossible to talk but I could hear you breathing and my heartbeat as my mouth found your neck. My hands roaming down your sides to your hips enjoying the taste of your skin the smell of you close. 

Propping myself up on my elbows my fingers lazily played across your chest I kissed you once quickly a second time more longingly and a third time with a real hunger for you. My hands found their way to the top of your pants as we shuffled position and your hands reaching for my belt buckle kneeling close together we kissed and I reached behind you my hand under your top releasing the catch on your bra. 

Leaving our still damp tops on my jeans dropped as far as my ankles before I turned you around releasing your pants from behind my body against yours my hands followed the curve of your hips forward down onto your upper thigh kissing your neck my hands drew up across your stomach to your breasts, cupping them with my fingers brushing your nipples. 

Turning you once again you lost your pants completely and I laid down on the deck of the car getting you to straddle my face my mouth immediately coming into contact with your womanhood you jumped at the first contact and again as lightning struck the empty brown picnic shelter. With your hands on the roof of the car and your pussy hovering just above my face, I could smell your arousal and the damp heat already rising off our bodies. I pull you down to within reach of my mouth my tongue flicking, swirling across your clit. my fingertips brushing the inside of your thighs with the beach towel rolled up under my head I am able to place a kiss right on the entrance to your love tunnel my tongue circling the sensitive ring of muscle before darting deep tasting your essence. 

I pull you down harder my mouth fastening on your clit sucking it in flicking it between my tongue and top lip feeling you jump each time and your wetness increases its flow dribbling down my chin. My hands brush the cleft of your bottom and down till it finds your wet hole dipping gently at first the probing deeper as my mouth increases its tempo on your clit my two middle fingers enter you and begin a slow stroking motion on your g spot. 

Trapped as you are with my mouth on your clit and my arms wrapping around your thighs you can only steady yourself on the roof of the car as you feel the climax build my mouth continuing its work and my fingers insistent at their need to drive you over the edge as your need builds your hips begin to rock on my face but my mouth stays fixed somehow on your clit and my fingers stabbing into you now always hit your g at the depth of their stroke. 

Feeling your pussy muscles contract with the oncoming climax I step up the speed of my fingers driving into you and my mouth centres its sole attention on sucking on your clit. as you come your thighs grip my head as in a vice and all I can do is continue sucking as your pussy is suddenly flooded with your girl juice.

Your thighs slowly relax as the intensity of the climax lessens but I continue blowing cool air across your clit sending shivers up through your spine. another crack of lightning breaks the tension as we both realise at once how steamed up we'd got the windows of the car laughing together; and you now with a special twinkle in your eye. We get our pants back on and rearrange the seats for the drive home....

chapt 2 the bath 

Arriving home we rush inside brushing against each other in our rush to get inside as the rain sweeps in heavier behind us pausing for a playful kiss I back you up against the wall. 

"How bout a hot bath ...you run it I'll come scrub your back for you in a couple" I say winking at you suggestively

You head off to the bathroom and I hear the water begin to flow 

Going in the other direction first to the fireplace setting a fire and lighting it; before heading to the bedroom giving it a quick tidy I place a few candles and wine ready for later. Returning to the fire, I check its burning brightly. Flicking on the stereo to some relaxing music I head for the bathroom peeling off my wet clothes as I go.

Arriving just as your settling deeper into the bubbles I sit on the side of the bath my hand trailing in the water outlining your feminine curves. cupping your breasts and letting my fingertips drift reluctantly across your nipples. You sit up and I drag a facecloth across your back watching the layer of hot water run over your skin. Taking my hand you guide me, standing I get into the bath behind you, letting you lay back against me. 

My fingertips start on your shoulders and travel down towards your breasts letting the barest of touches catch your nipple my hands cup your breasts from underneath my thumb and forefinger trap your nipples and pinch them slightly as my mouth finds the base of your neck. My hands wander down your sides to your hips tracing circles on the front of your thighs, my teeth graze your shoulder taking nibbles and kisses as I work my way back to your neck, turning your head I catch your mouth with mine.

My fingers drift across your stomach and down trailing warm water as they go down across your mons and briefly teasingly find your clit touching it in recognition of its need I move on as I break the kiss and my mouth finds your other shoulder. My left hand cupping your breast just plays back n forth across your nipple as the fingers of my right hand explore amongst your labia and back towards your clit but not touching it you can feel the water swirl around its sensitiveness. 

The play continues my hands continually changing positions; barely a word is said my mouth roaming your neck and shoulders, the focus gradually moves towards the centre of your womanhood. Both my hands coming together; one playing on your clit with the lightest of touches sustaining your sensitivity but not raising its level; my other hand playing amongst your labia and occasionally dipping into you. Just relaxing with you in my arms no need for a rush towards anything the world waiting for us to rejoin it in our own time.

The water slowly becomes colder but gradually enough so that its an hour before we are both aware of the change. Moving first I get out taking your hand I gather a towel and wrap you in it. I cup your face in my hands drawing you into a deep kiss before leading you towards the fire and its warmth.....

chapt 3 sex and the storm

The fire had burnt itself down to a glowing pile of embers radiating as much heat as the tension between us. You drop your towel to the floor and my eyes devour your body in all its beauty, the curve of your hips highlighted by the soft focus glow given off by the fire. 

I throw a log on the embers causing you to jump back at the shower of sparks. catching you I wrap you in my arms, standing behind you my arms across your front. I hold you close our bodies fit together like they are made for each other. we both watch the fire lost in the play of flames as they take hold of the new fuel.

The nearness of your body soon distracts me and my hands curious on their own accord seek you out, turning you in my arms our eyes lock, before I kiss you deeply my tongue invading your mouth.

Kneeling in front of you my mouth directly in front of your pussy my hands on your hips. I get you to lay back on the pile of cushions your side onto the warm glow of the fire and the storm continues to rage outside.

Kissing my way up the inside of one thigh I continue up across your stomach and chest nibbling at random points as I make my way up. Pausing to soothe a nip on your neck with a tender kiss I cup your face in my hands. My legs lay between yours, my hips aligned with yours, my hardness burning with heat lays over your clit. Rocking slightly my shaft nestles down between your labia and my shaft slowly strokes your clit.

Continuing to kiss your face, neck and shoulders, I prop my self up on one elbow to trail a finger from your collarbone to your breast and ribcage; before returning along a different curve. My thigh lies between your legs our bodies almost touching in a continuous line from head to toe. 

Rolling you towards the fire I spoon you from behind my hands roaming your front once again, feeling the warmth of the fire radiating off your skin, feeling the heat of my manhood nestled between your thighs. Adjusting our angles slightly the head of my cock falls into line with the entrance to your wetness. 

Just slowly entering you savouring the feeling as I fill you, my shaft seemingly expanding as it continues its path deeper into you. Feeling the grip your pussy gives me as I slowly withdraw not all the way but leaving the head of my cock just inside you reluctant to leave. My hands play music across your breasts stomach and clit, nowhere and everywhere. Your body nestled in my arms the fire playing patterns of light across the walls and your skin, my mouth teasing your neck and shoulders as I slowly start rocking my hips filling you once again.

The speed and force of the gentle fucking I'm giving you is unhurried and relaxed but with a hunger all of its own wanting to draw out the feeling as long as possible enjoying the feel of being joined with you and filling you like only I could. Feeling the need inside of you build slowly I increase the tempo and my hands no longer roaming grip your hips driving my whole length deep inside you

The force also becomes harder and little beads of sweat break away from the surface of our skin and roll down given freedom by the combined heat of the fire and the heat which we are now generating between us. 

My hunger for you balanced by my wanting to give to you such an intimate gift. I control the tempo reading your body watching your climax build. My hands aiding in the tune I want to play with you, feeling your need through the waves pulsing through the core of your womanhood. 

Driving into you harder as my own need for you raises to a level I can't ignore my hands hasten you towards the edge over which you must now fall. Feelling you tense in my arms and your hands grip mine as you reach that very edge I drive into you harder and deeper than you thought possible watching you fall I let my own need go as we share the culmination of our voyage.

The breathing slows the heartbeat loud in the ears slowly falls in intensity and I'm there to catch you as you fall holding you tight in my arms my body locked with yours.