 PLEASE read part 1.

So, a couple of days after the train journey I had enough courage to call the number. No answer, go to voice mail. Do I leave a message or not? OK why not. So I reminded who I was, left my number and hope she'd call. She did, later at lunch time apologising that her 'phone was off. I told her I seemed to have 'inadvertently' taken her book and wished to return it. She laughed and I felt her smile over the 'phone. She gave me an address - an apartment on Annadale Embankment in the south side of Belfast overlooking the River Lagan. Quite a nice area actually. Said she had a 3 month rental and would be at home all day the next day, Friday and would I like to call round about lunch time? I agreed as it wasn't difficult to get there from my office and booked a half day off.

I arrived just after 1pm and went up to her door. She had seen me coming and had the door open, standing in the hall. She smiled and asked me in. She wore a simple, light coloured short cotton dress and I wondered what she had underneath. She was barefoot, wore no make up and had her hair tied back in a very attractive way. She took me through to the lounge where she had a coffee table laid with sandwiches, two glasses, a bottle of red wine and some soft jazz playing on the sound system. I handed her the book and she gave a sideways smile.

We sat side by side on the sofa chatting about the book again. Unexpectedly she reached over and kissed me on the mouth. Her tongue pushed past my lips so suddenly I almost gasped. She broke away gently and moved to stand in front of the large, floor to ceiling picture window which looked out across the river and began questioning me on the book again. By the light streaming through the window I could see she had nothing below her dress and it showed her body with a lustrous halo glowing around it as she stood slightly angled away from me. Then she turned her back to me and looked out the window while still talking. I stood up and moved behind her, took her by the waist and leaned into her ear and whispered "I want you". She replied "yes, please". My hands began to wander across her body, down to the hem of her dress and up to her ass. I pushed her dress up to her waist and she leaned her ass backwards right into the bulge in my jeans. I groaned. My right hand went north to her right breast and my left hand went south to her pussy. She pushed her ass harder against me and I thought I might cum there and then I was so excited. She parted her thighs slightly to allow my fingers to find her moist slit and love bud and I began caressing her there. She purred softly as I massaged her clit and nipple. Then she slowly turned around, pushed me gently away from her and reached out to push my jacket off, opened my shirt and unfasten my belt.I watched, excited and transfixed. Then she stepped sideways from me, reached behind her and undid the zipper of her dress. It fell to her feet and there she was, gloriously naked. Her breasts stood out quite firmly, nipples hard and erect, her little tummy bulge was quite sexy and her pussy was very neatly trimmed. I was looking forward to burying my face in there, I just wanted to taste her. She took my hand and led me up the stairs to a mezanine floor with an open plan bedroom which looked over the lounge and out the large window.

She assisted with the removal of the rest of my clothes and I then walked her backwards and laid her across the bed, devouring her mouth as we stepped. I kissed down her neck and throat, down the valley of her breasts and then gently pushed her legs apart and slid my cock head just inside her pussy lips. She was very hot there and she thrust upwards to meet me but I stopped her. With my cock still poised just at her entrance I began slight thrusting, never going more then a couple of inches into her as I continued to kiss across her lovely body. Then I pulled out and began kissing across her tummy and into her garden. Her scent was adorable. A woman's scent is my absolute favourite. I used to love going home after a date with the smell of my girl on my fingers!! I still like to wake up in the mornings with the the scent of my woman lingering on me.

She opened her legs wider as I made my way to her soft thighs, kissing and licking my way northwards now from her knees, teasing her with my fingers. Then I arrived, sunk my face into her, searched for and found her clit and began dancing my tongue around it. I put one of my thumbs partly inside her and she sighed but she moaned aloud when I sucked her clit into my mouth and played with her. Then I opened her legs wider and ran my middle finger into her, angling upwards and found her G spot. I began massaging this as I continued to softly lick and suck her clit, reaching up with my other arm to caress her breasts as best I could.

She was rocking her hips along with my rhythm now and I felt she was almost there. She began to pant softly and wrapped her legs around me to pull me in tighter. She was near the edge now, I could taste a subtle change of flavour and then, quite suddenly, she came, she really came. Very hard and very moistly! I continued licking and fingering as she came in waves and after the third wave I slowed down gradually, easing her down and finally, gently broke my kiss with her.

I lay beside her and gently stroked her pussy hair as she floated down from heaven, lightly kissing her breasts and tummy. I went to her bathroom and got a towel, came back, opened her legs and gently dried her. She seemed somewhat amused at me drying her and told me no man had ever towelled her afterwards but that she hadn't had cunnilingus that often and she had had really enjoyed what I had given her. I just said 'you're welcome' and she giggled in a very teenage girl way that was so attractive.

She saw I was still very much erect and said she'd like to 'return the favour' but wasn't very good at oral. She actually apologised and I was embarrassed. Then she swung herself onto the bed fully, opened her legs again, held out her arms to me and smiled. I climbed between her thighs and she reached down and placed me at the entrance to her. 

I absolutely adore the moment of entry into a woman. It is sheer ecstasy. I slowly thrust in and she pulled me down me down on top of her, wrapping her legs around my ass. She felt so good and I slow-fucked her, conscious that I was on the edge of explosion after sharing her earlier enjoyment. The waves of sexual delight spread from the tip of my cock, along my shaft, through my balls and up my body. She caressed me all over as I rode her and I reached the edge of endurance. She sensed it and began bucking her hips with me and squeezing me inside her. I could hold back no longer and I exploded deep inside her, thrusting hard as though trying to get into her belly, I came and came until I was empty. I think she may have had another orgasm also as she closed her eyes and held her breath as I was shooting.

I lay on top of her for long minutes, slowly deflating inside her, she caressing my back and ass. Finally I slipped out and lay beside her. She said 'I've never had a book returned quite that way before!' and we laughed. She had a lovely laugh and we kissed.

I came back from her bathroom and found her sleeping. I dressed quietly, went down the stairs to retrieve the rest of my clothes and picked up her dress from the floor. I went back up, folded her dress across the foot of the bed, leaned over her and inhaled her pussy scent one last time, kissed her pussy bush and pulled the cover over her. I wrote down my email and personal 'phone number and left them beside the wine as I slipped out, really hoping to hear from her again, and not necessarily for sex either, then slipped out the door. As I looked back up at her window before I got in my car I saw her at the window, covering herself with the curtain and she waved the piece of paper at me and blew a kiss.

Shadow Hunter