 Please read parts I & II

*

She told me she had a 3 month rent on the riverside apartment and was doing some visiting, sight seeing and going to a few job interviews at the two main hospitals in Belfast. I didn't know when she was due to go back to the USA but about 10 days or so before I estimated she was due to go back I got a 'phone call from her asking to meet, soon. Her flight back to Boston was from Dublin airport in a week. I told her I could take the afternoon off work on Friday, three days hence and we agreed to meet outside Belfast City Hall.

City Hall is an imposing building and suggests the city is more important than it now is. It was built in our industrial & commercial heyday, begun in 1898, towards the end of Queen Victoria's reign of the Empire, finished in 1908 and is a truly Imperial imposing edifice and well worth seeing. A memorial to the victims of Titanic stands in front of it and, amongst other historical personalities, a statue of old Queen Vic' is also in the grounds. It was by this statue that I was waiting when I saw her approach. She hopped off a bus on the west side of City Hall and walked through the gardens, as I had instructed her. I stepped away from Queen Vic' so she could see me and she practically sprung towards me. She was wearing blue jeans - not tightly figure hugging but well fitting and flattering - , walking shoes, yellow blouse tucked into her jeans, a red jacket and I suspected she was bra-less. Her blue eyes were bright, her hair was shining and she was smiling broadly. I put my arms around her waist and felt waves of excitement shoot through me as I smelt her and caressed her back and took a swift feel of her ass, during which I detected the merest hint of underwear ( I love to try to detect and speculate upon a woman's underwear!). She kissed me and I melted. God, this is one hell of a woman.

I took her into City Hall because I was surprised when she told me she hadn't visited it while she had been in town. There was no building tour available but I sort of knew one of the girls on the security desk, explained about my American friend and she allowed us to slip quickly up the wonderful marble and red carpet Grand Staircase to take a look at the art, stained glass windows and memorials on the upper floor. She was impressed, as she should be! Also up there is a circular aperture in the floor where you can look down to the ground floor. I took her over to the circular marble balustrade that surrounds it and stood behind her as she gazed down, like a typical tourist. I pushed myself up close behind her and ran my hands from her hips to her shoulders and down her back under her jacket, stroking her across the shoulder blades on the way. She shivered and I discovered she was definitely bra-less. She pushed her ass back hard against the bulge in my own jeans. I nuzzled and kissed her neck and ears and slowly - hopefully unobtrusively - dry-fucked her gorgeous ass. 

God she looked so good in jeans, so much better than many women her age. I turned her round, walked her over to and jammed her into a corner at the top of the staircase and kissed her long and deep. She reached down to rub my stiffness and I groaned into her mouth. Then she pulled away and asked if we could go on one of the open top double decker tourist busses that do trips around the city, I agreed and reluctantly released her.

Outside we walked across to Royal Avenue, boarded a tourist bus and went upstairs. We sat in seats at the front of the open top deck, she sitting slightly angled toward me and put her left leg over my right, making an inviting - though clothed - gap in her thighs. I stretched out my right arm behind her, she snuggled over into me and we sat like this, chatting and I stroking her thigh until a little after the bus moved off. She caught me looking at her, chuckled, looked me in the eye and opened two more buttons in her blouse. 'Make this a really memorable tour of Belfast' she said. I leaned over and kissed her again, looked back down the deck and saw only two other couples had come up which was very unusual as these busses are usually full of tourists. Maybe because as it was only April there weren't so many around yet. None of these other passengers was sitting particularly close to us, mostly at the back actually, so I planned to take advantage of the situation.

I reached over with my left hand, pulled down the zipper of her jeans and moved my right arm to reach under her jacket behind and around her, pulled open her unbuttoned blouse under her jacket and found my way onto her naked breast.The fit of her jeans afforded enough room to slip two fingers inside without cutting off the circulation in my hand - as used to happen to me during my dating days with girls who loved to wear extremely tight jeans. My fingers found delicuously smooth, fine cream silk panties and I began to slowly pet her through the fabric. She opened her legs just a little wider to allow me to push a silk covered middle finger into her where I found her clit' waiting for some attention. She reached down and, to my amazement, undid the button of her jeans. This gave me more room but also heightened the sensuous risk of being compromised in public.

I slid my fingers under her panties, moved down through her fine curls and came to her moist, warm and smooth pussy lips. These resisted me not at all and I gently thrust my finger deeper into her, finding her lovely clit' again and setting to work. While I was pleasuring her in the south, my right hand was fully engaged in operations in the north while she had her eyes closed and head resting on my shoulder. I hoped, from the perspective of the other passengers, we looked like a couple of lovers enjoying a sight seeing tour. As I watched her, and got harder and more excited myself, I couldn't help thinking about her as a person. Here, I thought, skewered on the end of my finger is an attractive, mature, intelligent woman; she doesn't have Holywood actress looks nor a supermodel figure but is nonetheless beautiful, sensual, sensitive and she obviously quite enjoys sexual pleasure. She didn't, though, strike me as a woman who would engage in idle or indiscreet gossip about her exploits but would keep them to herself as secret things to remember, enjoy and savour privately. 

As I was thinking all this I was continuing with my finger work and as the bus entered the Queen's Island area, where the famous Harland & Wolff shipyard is located, she was gently thrusting against my fingers, eyes closed. Her pussy was really wet by this time and to the sounds of the banging and clanging of heavy industry in the shipyard, passing by the skyline landmark giant cranes 'Samson' and 'Goliath', she stiffened, shuddered and orgasmed quietly, biting her lower lip and pressing my hand hard against her with her right hand. I continued to play with her, gradually reducing the speed and pressure of my fingers in her pussy and on her nipple. When her waves subsided and she opened her eyes and we were heading back towards the city centre. I slid my hand slowly from her, pulled her zipper up and she slipped her button back in followed by her blouse buttons. She turned to me with those shining blue eyes and said 'thanks'. I said 'you're welcome' and we chuckled like teenagers. I lifted my left hand to my face and inhaled her scent from my fingers. She saw me do this and blushed but quietly gasped open mouthed when I licked my finger and called me a filthy man!- with a broad smile on her satisfied face.

I was pretty stiff and excited from enjoying giving her pleasure and watching her orgasm and had leaked some cum into my boxers. She shifted position to snuggle into my right side and reached down and unzipped my fly. Sliding her small, soft hand inside she made straight for my cock, finding her way into my underwear very quickly. She grasped my shaft, near the top, and squeezed. At the same time she deftly flicked and rubbed her forefinger and thumb around my cock head. I felt a fire begin to rage in me. Her finger work was exquisite and having the desired effect. I felt the old familiar irresitable pressure building quickly in my balls and suddenly worried about the damn mess I was going to make when I shot off in my boxers. I was thinking of how to mention this to her when she quickly - and expertly - fished me out of my underwear and trousers, dropped her head, took just my cock head in her mouth and began replicating her finger movements with her tongue. Coupled with her now squeezing my balls and gently biting my cock head I could hold back no longer. In the middle of mid afternoon traffic on a bus in Belfast City Centre I orgasmed powerfully into her mouth. She kept flicking, licking and gently squeezing me and I felt like I filled her mouth with my juice.

When I stopped shooting she put me back into my clothing, zipped me up and sat up, discreetly wiping her mouth with a handkerchief she pulled from her jacket pocket. She looked up at me and quietly said she wasn't very good at that but hoped it was ok. I assured her it was wonderful, which, in truth, it really was. Not a 'traditional' blow job but somehow more dignified or polite and fitting with what I thought I knew of her character. She started to nervously tell me why she never had gotten around to being good at it but I just said 'sshh' and kissed her. That's when the bus stopped, back where it had set off from. What she had done for me launched an enormous sense of de ja vu. I remembered the very first time, at age 23, that I had experienced the wonderful pleasure of a woman's mouth and tongue on my cock. That happened a long time ago in the middle of a long trip on a Greyhound Bus, in the middle of the night half way across the prairies between Winnipeg and Edmonton in western Canada. But that's another story.

A little later we were back at her rented apartment. She made coffee and we chatted a little on the sofa, she telling me some of what she had been up to - apart from the obvious - and I listened and commented. She had a lovely voice, soft and warm. After a time she simply stood up, took my hand and headed upstairs to that mezanine bedroom floor. On the way she flicked on the music system which filled the apartment with more of that soft jazz she seemed to favour. Good 'slow-fucking' music. In the bedroom she undressed me. This was great. It is a long time since a woman undressed me. When she got me naked she commented on my not very erect equipment. I told her it was a compliment to the quality of her earlier ministrations! She threw her head back and laughed heartily then crouched down 'face to face' with me and, with one long and well french-manicured finger nail, stroked me from cock head to scrotum and back a couple of times. Ecstasy!. I shuddered and became almost instantly erect. I told her to be careful because my second erection usually had much greater staying power than the initial one. She grinned and then took my left nipple in her mouth and sucked and licked while still stroking my cock slowly. I groaned. God I love having my cock stroked but coupled with getting my nipples sucked at the same time, well it's heaven. My knees began to buckle so we shuffled to the bed and lay down.

She straddled me, still clothed and still stroking my cock and kissing, licking and sucking my left nipple. Then her free hand went to my right nipple and her thumb started her work on my cock head which began to get very wet. She released herself from me and stood up. She swiftly stripped and I enjoyed watching her. When she dropped her jeans I saw a moist, dark patch bottom centre of the front of those obviously expensive silk panties and I asked 'did I do that?!' and she gave me a mock stern look from under her eyebrows. Then she straddled me again and settled herself down onto my cock, sliding me deliciously slowly into her warm, moist inner self and began to ride me slowly. The moment of entry is one of my favourite parts of sexual pleasure and she did it so seemingly expertly yet with a hint of shyness. She sat up straighter allowing me to reach up and play with her breasts. I used one hand to slip down myself, easing under her cute tummy and finding her clit which I flicked as she moved up and down on me, adding to the feelings she was getting from it rubbing naturally against my shaft. After a time her movements quickened, her lovely breasts swinging to her rhythm and she leaned further down on me and began kissing me deep and hard, her tongue almost fucking my mouth. I reached my other hand round to her gorgeous ass and caressed it as she rode me. I moved my middle finger to her bum-hole and very gently slid it just inside. I heard a small moan escape into my mouth and she adjusted her thrusts to move slightly back against my finger as well as riding my 'cock horse'. 

her new rhythm made my finger slide a little deeper into her ass, but not too far. Obviously far enough, though, to intensify things for her as she began to climb towards orgasm more quickly. As was I. Her riding my shaft was so good. She felt so wonderful inside and on my cock. She was riding me so hard I was thrusting in almost up to her belly button, or so it felt. I so love to get as deep inside a woman as I can which is maybe why I enjoy girl-on-top and Doggie so much. Suddenly she broke our long kiss and pumped her hips hard up and down on me. She came, loudly, moaning long with delight. I came too and pumped hard and deep into her. Her juice flowed out and down my length, soaking my balls and thighs and I just kept pumping and moaning with her. I love cumming at the same time as my woman. It's absolutely the best way and this was so fantastic and she was having multiple orgasm's which I could never seem to attain. She gradually stopped riding me, rolled off and cuddled up close beside me. We lay for a while, quietly chatting then I had to go, unfortunately. As I did, she stopped me, placed a hand on my thigh and said 'I'll never think of a train ride in the same way ever again - or a bus!', reached over and gently kissed my soft cock, still wet with love juice.

This time, as I went down the steps outside and looked back she stood, unabashed, fully naked in the window. One hand was, perhaps unconsciously, resting in her pussy curls as she blew me a kiss with the other hand. About a week or so later I was trawling the junk mail box of my e-mail when I saw one with her name. It said she was back in Boston, told me of some of the things she would remember from her trip, thanked me for befriending her and told me to be sure to let her know if I ever was going to visit Boston or anywhere nearby. It ended with the words 'Please write me from time. I won't forget you, please don't forget me.' How could I forget?

Shadow Hunter