 I got on the last train to Belfast at Connolly station in Dublin feeling a bit worn out after a hectic day in the city. I thought I should have stayed over and gone home rested tomorrow but I hadn't expected things to be so busy. Anyway I had treated myself to a first class ticket and looked forward to a bigger, softer seat. And despite feeling tired I also felt a bit horny and looked forward to a 'restful' session in bed with my woman when I got home.

I walked down the carriage looking in vain for a table seat not yet occupied. I reached the end and had to decide who to sit with and i spied an attractive looking woman sitting by herself, reading. I asked if she minded if I sat with her, thinking we may get chatting ( I love chatting to women) and maybe have a wee flirt. I can't help it, I'm a red blooded male. She smiled up and said she was quite happy for me to share her table. I gave her a quick look over and saw she was mid to late 40's at a guess, wearing a plain but attractive white blouse and a navy blue knee length free flowing skirt. As I sat down, she shifted slightly in her seat and I saw an attractive cleavage and that she was wearing those shimmer stockings - or so my horny mind hoped! She had what I'd call dark blonde hair to her shoulders and blue eyes.

I got settled down, introduced myself because I'm a polite sort of guy, and fished my own book out of my bag. As the train set off I glanced up to see if I could catch site of the title of her book and saw it was a history book that I had only recently finished reading. I commented on this and, to my surprise, she seemed to really brighten up and began asking questions. I sort of expected her to politely acknowledge and just carry on reading. Well, we struck up quite the conversation before the train even left Dublin and I looked forward to a very pleasant journey.

She was Irish but her accent had a hint of American. Turned out she was originally from Cork, was a doctor and had worked in the States for about 15 years and was home for a long holiday. After a while she excused her self to go off to the toilets and as she got out of her seat she leaned towards me, looked me in the eye, smiled and I got such a lovely view down her blouse and she knew I was looking! I also noticed she was of average height, was wearing high heels, had a nice ass and was just a little overweight around her tummy. But hey, I'm no model and I actually find a little tummy on a woman quite attractive. She was certainly attractive and I decided to try some serious flirting to help pass the journey. But she was a genuienly interesting woman as well. When she came back she smiled again and I realised that now I needed to go! Too much coffee through the day. And better to go now than later when I might have a hard on from the flirting I intended 'cause pissing with a hard on is rather difficult!

When I returned I noticed two glasses and two small bottles of red wine on the table. She indicated me to sit beside her instead of across the table and said if I didn't like red wine she would drink it but fortunately I love red wine. She then moved to sit corner-wise in the seat and slid downwards and towards me a little while continuing to talk about the book. I turned in towards her and this brought our knees in contact and I casually moved my left hand from the wine glass to my lap then to my leg near her left knee and let it lightly touch her. I saw a slight raise of her eyebrow but no annoyance. This was getting interesting.

She leaned forward to get her wine and slightly parted her knees at the same time and gave me a wonderful, flirtatious and seductive glance over her wine glass and carried on with her opinion of my opinion of that part of the book we were discussing. I reached for my wine and when my hand returned I placed it directly on her knee and let my fingers rest on the inside of her knee and began to slowly, gently stroke in circles while listening intently to her and looking her in the eye. I was very hard now because this was superb, the best flirt I had had for a very long time. Her knees opened more and she slid just a little closer to me. I could see more into her blouse and catch her scent better, a beautiful spicy sweet perfume.

I took a look down the carriage, which was surprisingly not very crowded. When I turned back to her I could see she had quickly undone another button of her blouse and I could quite clearly see the fine lace of her bra and the shape of her breasts. I was getting hot now. I took another sip of wine and decided to make a bold move. I brought my hand down and slid it quite definately up her thigh on what I could tell were high quality shimmer silk stockings. She put the book down, looked at me, closed her eyes and softly sighed. I decided on another bold move and leaned across and quickly and softly kissed her lips.They tasted delicious and she didn't complain. I actually asked if she was comfortable with what we were doing and she just slowly nodded so I ventured my had further up her skirt as we crossed the River Boyne, about halfway to Belfast.

Then she stopped me, slid my hand from under her skirt and I panicked. But she just said 'wait' then shifted position to bring her legs up onto the seat and sit in a sort of crouch that spread her legs more under herself. Then she leaned towards me and against me, rested her head on my shoulder and directed my hand back to where it had been. I reached my other arm around her and she snuggled closer. I was able to see more of her breasts and actually cupped her right one in my hand and began slowly brushing her nipple through her clothes.It became very hard quite quickly. My left hand resumed it's journey and reached the top of her thigh. Here was my objective. I could feel her silky panties and they were a little damp.

I began to run her pussy outside her panties with my long middle finger. I didn't dare force any more of my hand up there. She slipped her legs just a little wider to allow me to creep my finger under the leg of her panties to her flesh. here I found smooth, warm and quite wet pussy lips.I'd loved to have buried my face down there and licked her to heaven. I gently pushed my finger between her lips and found her clit. She sighed softly and placed her hand on my swollen crotch. I began slowly rubbing and caressing her clit and felt an orgasm quickly build in her. She grabbed the hand I had on her breast and pushed it against her quite hard. I heard her breathing quicken and her body tense and she began to gently rock in time to my finger and then, suddenly, she came. It was wonderful. She held her breath, squeezed my hand and moaned very softly. I kept rubbing, but reducing the speed and pressure to let her down softly.

When her tension subsided she looked up at me, mouthed 'thanks' , kissed me and then slowly broke our embrace. By this time we were less than 10 minutes from Belfast Central Station so there was no time for her to reciprocate the pleasure but I had really enjoyed this encounter, giving obvious pleasure to a stranger.

Then she reached over and began to gently massage the bulge in my trousers but I told her the journey was almost ended and there wasn't time. She started to apologise but I told her there was no need. Then I raised my fingers to my nose and took in her special woman scent and she smiled, embarrassed. I had to go and wash my hands 'cause there was no way I could go home with that sort of scent on me! When I got back she had her bag packed and her jacket on and the train was just rolling in to Belfast. we finished the wine and chatted.I thought she looked a bit regretful but as we stood up to disembark she looked up at me, took my hand and thanked me again very quietly. I told her I was glad I met her and she said maybe we would meet again someday. Unlikely I thought but didn't say so.

When I got home, after I got undressed for a shower, I emptied my travel bag and found her book! I opened it and found a slip of paper inside with a mobile 'phone number and her name written in a beautifully neat hand and I remembered her last comment and thought................

Shadow Hunter