 The night is always filled with demons on the road. Something he always knew. It was 11:30 and the rain was driving hard against his windshield making the yellow lines his only companion. He knew this was a bad idea from the start in his old 78-ford truck, but he wanted to get to warmer weather and once he got to Florida he could get something else. At the time, it sounded like a plan, but the clicking coming from inside the block unnerved him.

  His thoughts went back to the rest stop thirty miles back where the waitress told him to stick to the main roads because the back way were desolate this time of night. He turned up the radio to an old George Straight tune. Some calming music to drown out the knocking from the engine he thought. Outside the storm raged in intensity.

Thunder and lightning cracked around him lighting the road for a second and shaking the old truck. He was edging along at 35 when a bolt of lightning struck a hundred yards from the road. The thunder roared, but his attention was focused on the large clunk and dent from under the hood. 

The engine stopped and he hit the wheel swearing as he coasted to the edge of the road. Without the sound of the engine, he could hear the gravel crunching under the tires as he came to a stop. He rested his head on the steering wheel wondering what he was thinking when he started this trip. As the song on the radio ended, he clicked it off and looked up at the hood that he could barely see through the rain. He did not need to go look to know what was wrong he threw a rod. He looked forward and backwards and saw no lights. 

“I guess I’ll go take a look old girl, but I think this is where you’re going to stay.” He said with a sigh.

He searched around the cab looking for his rain gear then remembered he had put in the back with his tools under everything else he owned. He closed his eyes and tilted his head down.

“Why oh why.” He said shaking his head. He leaned back into the seat then reluctantly opened the door and was hit with a rush of cold rain and warm air. He was soaked before he even got out. 

The journey around to the hood was against the wind and he had to lean into it to stay balanced. He popped the hood and it flung up smacking against the windshield putting a foot long crack across the driver side. His luck was not improving. Once he wiped his glasses, he could see the rod sticking tauntingly up from the block. Out of shear stubbornness or stupidity, he tried to push it back down. He knew even if he could it wouldn’t help the situation, but it would make him feel better. It wouldn’t budge. A quick inspection of the rest of the engine revealed nothing more than the normal problems that were always there. He moved around and grabbed the hood pulling it back down and latching it. 

“So now what the hell we going to do old girl? It’s thirty miles back to where we came and I have no clue how far ahead of us anything is.” He paused waiting for an answer that he knew he wouldn’t get. 

“Well I’m wet anyway I might as well start walking. I’ll bring back a tow truck for ya” He said slapping the hood and pulling down the rim of his hat to shield his eyes from the pellets of rain.

Grumbling to himself, he started to trek down the road. As he reached the first turn in the road, he heard a car coming towards him. He looked up and could see a pair of headlights coming towards him. 

“Thank God.” He thought to himself. 

As they approached, he could see it was a truck. He moved into the lane and started waving his hat in the air hoping to get the drivers attention.

“Please stop please stop.” The voice in his head kept repeating. As it approached the truck slowed to a stop next to him. Slowly the window cranked down.

“Bad day to pick for a walk in the country.” The driver yelled over the hammering of the rain.

“I didn’t choose to be out here.” He said with a smile that no one could see. 

“My truck threw a rod about a half mile back. I was going to see if I could find some help and a dry spot to stand in for a bit.”

“Well it’s your lucky day. If you kept walking you wouldn’t find anything down that way till tomorrow afternoon on foot. Get in and I’ll take you to a phone and you can see about getting some help.”

He quickly obliged and got around to the passenger side of the truck and got in. As he closed the door, a ragged towel hit him in the face.

“Dry yourself off a bit” The driver said in a light feminine voice. He perked up and looked over at the woman sitting in the driver seat. Though his rain covered glasses, he could make out a blonde and not much else. Quickly he dried his glasses and looked again. 

“And could ya put that under yourself when you’re done.” She said as she began to pull away.

“Truck threw a rod huh?” she queried him as he roughed out his hair. “What type of truck?” 

“An old 78-ford. Had here for quite awhile. I knew something was going to happen from the sounds it was making.”

“Truck that old you have to baby. They take a lot of care to keep on the road.” She said shaking her head slightly.

She slowed as they came up on his truck. With great caution, she pulled in front of it illuminating it with the headlights. She could see the upraised dent in the hood and the large spider crack in the windshield. 

“Ok I know what happened to the hood but what’s with the windshield? You get upset at the thing and smash it?” 

“No. When I went to lift the hood it got away from me and must have cracked it harder than I thought.” A frown crept across his face. 

“There a good garage around here that might be able to help me out?” 

“Yep up the road a bit is Stan’s. You passed the road on your way to here, but probably couldn’t see it. Its pretty far back off the road.” She peered hard over the steering wheel looking hard at the humbled wreck in front of them.

“Not sure if it would even be worth it to have him take a look. It’ll probably be cheaper just to get something else.” She backed the truck up and pulled around to the side.

“There anything in there that you need?” she asked looking at the piles of soaked bags in the bed of the truck.

“Some dry cloths, but I know everything in there is soaked so I guess not.” 

“Suit yourself.” She said as she was pulling away.

“ And don’t worry everything should be ok. There aren’t many people that come down this way, so it should all be here when you come back.” 

“ I’ll take you to my place down the road. I’ll get a hold of Stan. He can get it off the side of the road for ya.” 

“ Thank you. I wasn’t sure what I was going to do.” He said smiling. 

Slowly he pulled the towel under himself and looked over at the driver for the first time with clear glasses. She was Blonde and had a very sharp profile. He scanned up and down her and affixed his gaze on her breasts. Quickly he realized he was staring and spun forward to look at the road. He was suddenly uncomfortable. He replayed her image in his head. 

She was quite a looker. The kind of girl he would have hit on anywhere he went. He was guessing she was in her late 20’s or early 30’s. Of course with his luck lately he figured he was way off. One way or the other she was definitely a warm sight for how he was feeling at the moment. 

“So what’s your name? Where ya from?” she asked looking off the road for a second.

“Phil. And Michigan, but I was heading to Florida.” He returned his eyes to her but made sure not to look to far down. 

“I am moving to warmer weather. Or should I say was until I threw that rod.” He looked forward as she turned off the main road and onto a side stretch that was sheltered by trees. Suddenly the rain slowed under their cover. “Nice to meet you Phil everyone calls me Blu. My place is just up the way here. You can warm up a bit and I’ll get a hold of Stan and see what he can do.”

He caught her smiling at him from the corner of his eye and returned the same.

“I am much obliged Blu. I can’t tell you how much I appreciate this.” He mind suddenly wondered into ways he would like to. A sudden perk made him switch his thoughts to other things. 

“Not a problem I’ve been there before and I know what it’s like.” 

They reached the house about 3 miles off the main road. It was a small but quaint place nestled in a grove of pines to protect it from the elements. Off the front was an oversized porch that was obviously use for entertaining from the number of chairs on it. Off to the right side was a hanging swing that could fit three comfortably. The house was covered in pine shingling and boasted a steel roof. It looked rather new probably built within the past couple of years. The walked up to it, or rather ran, along a patchwork of detailed stepping stones that lead from the driveway to the porch steps. On the porch, they shook themselves as she fumbled through her keys looking for the one to open the oak and stained glass door.

“Looks like you like to have people over?” Phil said looking around the porch.

“I would if anyone ever came. I don’t get much company out here. I’m the only one on this old logging road, so that also puts out my neighbors coming over.” She said as she found the key and opened the door. 

“That’s a shame this is such a beautiful place you have.” 

They walked in and Phil couldn’t help but marvel that the inside was even more impressive that the outside. Walking in they entered a foyer that opened into an immense living room complete with hardwood floors, river stone fireplace, western décor, and a saddle and tack on a sawhorse in the corner. Phil stared around taking everything in. Off the coat rack, a collection of cowboy hats and chaps caught his attention. 

“Do you ride?” 

“When I get the chance. Which lately hasn’t been to often.” She slid off her boots and tossed on a rug off the door. 

“I’d offer you a seat but my furniture doesn’t take to kindly to soaking wet strangers.” She smirked. 

“Completely understandable. I’ll just wait here.” As she walked to the kitchen she couldn’t help but think he looked like a drown little kid standing there. His hat soaked in rain drooped down almost covering his hazel eyes. All of his cloths hung straight down dripping onto the rug below him. She felt sorry for him. 

Blu walked into the kitchen, grabbed the cordless phone, and went to the bathroom to brush out her hair. As she was combing it through she hit the speed dial to Stan’s home number. After the usual three rings an answering machine picked up 

“You have reached Stan and Beth’s we are off it Farwell and will get back to you tomorrow.” The answering machine beeped as she put down her brush. “Stan this is Blu. I got a guy here that broke down about a mile from my lane. An old ford truck dented hood and cracked windshield. He wants you to pick it up and see what you can do with it. I guess he’ll be here when you pick it up. I can’t see driving him all the way to town this late at night. Call me when you get this. Thanks and I hope you two had a good time." She clicked the phone off and stared into the mirror. 

“Well I guess your spending the night in chateau Blu tonight Phil.” She said softly to herself. She had a sudden feeling of excitement that shocked her a bit. Letting a stranger stay at her place was out of character for her, but he was kind of cute. She was always a sucker for a pretty face. 

Phil milled around looking over the collection of horse tack and western attire strewn about the room. He was getting increasingly uncomfortable in his wet cloths. He wondered why he didn't keep the rest of his cloths up front with him. In hindsight, it would have been a good idea. In the other room, he hears Blu talking. Sounded like she was talking to an answering machine. Just his luck he thought. He heard her coming back and put on his best this is not going to be good news smile. She came around the corner holding a bright pink fuzzy robe.

“Well Stan’s out on the town with his wife tonight. They won’t be home till morning, so I guess you’re stuck here for the night.” She said smiling knowing he was not going to like what she was about to say. 

She tossed the robe over to him. 

“The bathrooms around the corner. Get out of those cloths and I’ll throw them in the dryer.” 

Phil caught the robe and alternated looking between it and her for a minute before saying, 

“ Pink?” 

She laughed

“It’s rather that or you sit in the bathroom naked for an hour and wait for your cloths back. That is if I give them back to you.” She chuckled. 

“I see your point there.”

As he walked to the bathroom, she caught his wrangler hugging tight to his butt.

“Maybe I shouldn’t give him them back?” She thought to herself. Naughty thoughts of him lying on her bed floated through her mind. Suddenly she needed a drink. 

“I’m making a rum and coke would you like one?” she yelled towards the bathroom.

Through the door, “I’m putting on a pink ladies bathrobe how bout you just give me the bottle.” He laughed. 

“Two rum and cokes it is then.” She was finishing the second one when he peeked out of the bathroom like a streaker getting ready to bolt. 

“Please don’t laugh.” 

She leaned back against the counter folding her arms against her heavy chest.

“I promise … I won’t laugh too much.” 

Phil walked out holding his dripping cloths in one arm and trying to keep the robe closed with the other. 

“I’m glad you’re the only one here and no one knows me around here.” Scanning up and down him standing there in her pink robe left a lasting impression in her. She could feel a heat stirring inside as she unwittingly tried to catch a glimpse under it. 

“I can call a few friends over if you like?”

He scowled at her. “That won’t be necessary I think my dignity is completely shot already.”

He walked across the floor in his bare feet and handed her his cloths in exchange for a highball glass that he desperately needed. 

“Go sit on the couch. If you want, put on some music. I can’t get cable or satellite out here so that’s about what we have for entertainment.”

He walked into the living room and over to the stereo while she got his cloths going. Leafing through her CD’s he found a lot of his favorites. She was obviously a country music lover and had an entire Hank Williams and George Straight collection. He pulled out a copy of George Straight’s greatest hits and put it in as Blu came back into the room and lit the gas fireplace. 

“One of the few luxuries of living out here. I get as much gas as I want from the hills.” She said.

Phil watched her form illuminated by the flames as she got the fireplace going. She was a gorgeous woman. Her blonde hair curved tauntingly down her voluptuous body. She was wearing tight jeans that clung to her like a second skin. Her blouse was white and slightly wet from the rain. It hinted at the skin beneath. 

He quickly got to the couch and sat down feeling the affects of her swelling. He perched one leg on top of the other and made sure the robe covered his growing intrigue of her. Blue carried over her glass and a bottle of rum placing them on the opposite end of the coffee table. She sat down and curled her feet up under her resting her back on the couch arm. “You look ridiculous in that you know.” She giggled slightly at the sight of a full-grown man in a pink bathrobe sitting on her couch. 

“Well I don’t have many options if I want to sit on the furniture. I could take it off and just sit here in the buff.” 

“Oh please do.” 

He reached down and pulled on the robe tie. He was meaning to just tease at uniting it, but the knot slipped before he could stop it. He quickly tried to close the bottom before it came completely unopened. Blu caught a quick glimpse of his aroused manhood and sat blushed red with her mouth open. 

“Oh my. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I was just kidding around I didn’t mean…” He was beet red with embarrassment. He couldn’t believe that he had done it.

Blu was most likely going to throw him and his wet cloths back out in the rain. Blue regained her composure while still flush in the cheeks. 

“I’ve seen them before, but in a pink bathrobe.” She winked trying to lighten the mood as quickly as she could. Her eyes were still affixed between his legs and for all she tried she couldn’t get them to leave it. She felt the heat inside her ignite to a fast burn as her heart started beating hard. 

“I’m really sorry” Phil kept repeating as blue reached for the bottle of rum and took a hard swallow her eyes never leaving him.

“Can I get a swig off that after your done?” 

As she was tilting the bottle back forward. “Sure.” It was all she could say.

She moved closer on the couch and gave him the bottle. Their hands touched for an instant and chemistry sparked. Her eyes lifted to his and a sudden wave of passion and lust ignited between their eyes. Time seemed to lag the only sound was George Straight and neither of them could hear the words. Both still holding the bottle Phil leaned forward and tasted the rum off her lips with a kiss. A quick touch and they broke away. Only and inch of thin air stood in between them. They both guided the bottle to the coffee table and fumbly set it down. Neither knew what to say or do. 

They both wanted the same thing, but weren’t sure about the other. Blu leaned in and kissed Phil breaking any confusion on her part. Phil’s arm wrapped around her and pulled her to him. Her body stretched across the couch and onto him. She lay in his arms holding his lips while he explored underneath her blouse rubbing against her back. She pulled her legs up and sat half kneeling against him. She could feel his heat and arrousment pressing against her side. She eased her hand along the outside of his leg. She shifted slightly and her hand ran down along his inner thigh. 

Phil’s hand floated along her back feeling the clasp to her bra strap. He nudged open the top two clips when he felt her grab a hold of his throbbing rod and start massaging his balls. He quickly undid the remaining clasps and felt the weight of her breasts fall onto his chest. He felt her begin to stroke up him as he pulled her up to straddling him. Their kiss broke as he ran his hands along her side slipping off her blouse and bra simultaneously. He held her arms in the air with her garments shackling her hands and looked at her beautiful form in front of him. He pulled her arms back over his shoulders and began kissing along her neck. His fine touches along the base of her neck felt like fire.

Her heat began to sweat and she began to grind it into him. He wrapped his arms around her and eased her back as he moved down and began to tease the aurora of her nipples with his tongue. She moaned lightly driving her jeans harder into him. She laid her head back holding her arms loosely around his neck as he bite lightly on her right nipple. She almost screamed in ecstasy. She pulled him into her chest and held him while he teased it inside his mouth with his tongue. He could feel her hot breath on him as she rested her head on his shoulder. 

She wanted him and she wanted him now. She pulled his head gently off her nipple and stood up in front of him. Quickly she undid the buttons on her jeans and he helped her pull them down and off. As his head rose, he took a sudden flick along her bare moistened heat. She kneeled on top of him and eased her heated mound around him. 

It felt like a silk sleeve enveloping him. A wave of heat and moister pulsing in rhythm with his heated passion. She glided along him in uneven strokes her body shivering with intensity. He felt her nipples hard end against his bare chest. She spun her head back and forth tangling her hair around him. Each movement sent a wave through both of them. They moaned in unison. Phil began thrusting upwards to meet her driving deeper with each thrust. She felt his balls bouncing up hitting her in each motion. Her mind went blank with nothing filling it but desire for more. She wanted more. Phil rode her down on top of him holding her there. She gasps at the depth at which he was in her. Gently he slid her off him and pushed her back to stand up. A thousand thoughts ran through her mind as to what he was doing. Phil stood up and led her over to the saddle on the sawhorse. 
