 It was the first warm weekend of spring as they packed their picnic basket. The sky was threatening as ominous gray clouds blocked the sun periodically. He broached the subject of postponing but she would have nothing to do with it. She even went so far as to cover her ears and start singing when he mentioned postponing the second time and he knew why. Ever since they stumbled across that secluded spot off the beaten path at a local park a few years ago it had become a tradition with them to worship the warmth with wine, cheese, fruit and crusty French bread. So, grudgingly, he finished the picnic basket and loaded up the car and they were off.

The park was sparsely populated with families, the parents mentally calculating the number of minutes of running, jumping, climbing and swinging necessary to cause their children to collapse in bed that night at a reasonable hour. Joggers navigated the running track that circled the park, a look on their faces as though they really weren't enjoying what they were doing. A few "dog" people were there also, playing fetch with their loyal companions, endlessly tossing tennis balls and Frisbees.

They parked and unloaded. He carried the picnic basket; she toted an old comforter that was just thick enough to be comfortable on the grass. They always took a different route to their spot so no one would ever truly know where they were going. The spot they had come to call their own was practically perfect. There were large trees that provided a canopy of shade as well as a small clearing that seemed to let sun in at all times of the day. The wind whispered through the trees just loud enough to drown out most of the surrounding park noise but every so often the sound of children laughing and playing would drift over to them brightening the smiles that were already on their faces. 

She spread out the comforter in the clearing and he put the picnic basket down in one corner. Both were dressed in shorts and T-shirts. He glanced down at their legs. His most definitely showed the effects of lack of sunlight for 5 months while hers sported a nice golden brown glow. She accomplished this by going to a tanning salon, or Fake-n-Bake, as he liked to call them. And for today she enhanced the glow by applying some Tan-in-a-Tube. There was no way she was to be seen in public with white legs.

They kicked off their shoes and lay down on their backs for a minute or two, looking up at the sky. The forecast called for intermittent spring showers not full-blown thunderstorms so he figured the trees would provide enough protection to keep them from getting soaked. She rolled to her side, resting her head in her hand propped up by her elbow, and watched as he unpacked their feast. He spread out the fruit first, bunches of both red and green seedless grapes, some tart granny smith apples, a softball sized navel orange and bowl of large juicy strawberries. He had packed sharp cheddar cheese, a delicate provolone, and a small piece of blue cheese to contrast the sweet fruits. Two small loaves of crusty French bread and a well-chilled bottle of Chardonnay completed the picnic menu.

As they ate, the sun shined brightly and the threat of rain disappeared at least for the time being. Glass by glass the bottle of wine emptied, washing down bites of cheese, bread and fruit. Full and satisfied, the remains of their feast scattered around them, they lay back down, eyes closed, absorbing the warmth of the sun. The splash of a lone raindrop on his forehead startled him and he sat up. He must have dozed off briefly because he failed to notice the sun was now gone and a dark gray cloud hung directly over them. 

She had fallen asleep too. He tried to wake her as more drops began to fall. He scurried around filling up the picnic basket with the leftovers from lunch. She propped herself up on her elbow and asked what he was doing. 

He stopped and pointed to the sky, "It's raining," he said. 

"You big baby," she said as she lay back down, the rain falling harder now. 

He gathered everything up that he could and ran under the tree. It wasn't a thunderstorm so lightening wasn't a problem. "You're going to get soaked!" he shouted to her. She just turned her head toward him and politely stuck out her tongue.

It was pouring now. She stood up in the middle of the comforter, spread out her arms, tilted her head back and let the rain wash over her. He watched from under the tree as she ran her fingers through her now drenched hair. It was as if she were moving in slow motion. She ran her hands over her face, fingers tracing her lips. She opened her mouth to catch the rain as it fell, bouncing off her tongue. Her eyes were closed. She ran her hands down her chest. Her shirt was completely wet and her nipples showed through as they pressed against the fabric. Her hands continued down her stomach to the top of her shorts then back up again, retracing the path over her breasts to her face and through her hair again. She opened her arms wide once again and began to twirl in slow circles, head toward the sky, the rainwater cascading down her body.

He could no longer contain himself. He left the protection of the tree and joined her in the middle of the comforter. They embraced and he kissed the rain from her forehead, cheeks, and the tip of her nose and finally her lips. They kissed deeply as the rain drenched them both. He reached behind her and lifted her shirt over her head as she did the same to him. He removed her bra and cupped her breasts in his hands. He followed the trickles of rainwater that flowed over her breasts with his tongue, stopping to take each nipple in his mouth, sucking and gently nibbling. He kissed down between her breasts toward her belly button, kneeling as he did. 

He unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts, sliding them off over her hips and down her legs. She balanced herself on his shoulder to step out of them. He eased her panties down in the same fashion. She stood above him, legs slightly spread. He placed his hands on her knees, slipped them behind her legs and up the backs of her thighs to her ass. She spread her legs just a bit more as his tongue found her clit. He flicked back and forth with the tip of his tongue held firm. Then tracing her lips he tasted the sweet mixture of rainwater and her juices. He pressed his face deeper between her legs, feeling her hands in his hair, pulling him to her. His tongue now deep inside her, he moved it in circles, sliding along the inner walls of her pussy, feeling her squeeze down hard around it.

Her knees became weak as he continued his passionate assault. The rain continued to splash on their bodies, but they were oblivious to it. She lowered herself down to the comforter on her back, knees bent, and his head still buried between her legs. He concentrated on her clit now with his tongue as he slid two fingers deep inside her, pumping them slowly at first then faster and faster. Her lips and clit swelled as she squirmed under his tongue. He stopped and she looked up. He got to his feet, slipped of his shorts and underwear and lay down on his back. 

Without a word, she positioned herself over him, straddling his face, her lips just above his cock. She felt his fingers and tongue begin their dance again as she took his cock in her hand slowly stroking from base to head. With the tip of her tongue she teased the slit in the head of his cock, then drew circles around and around the head. She gently played with his balls and she took some of his cock into her mouth, her tongue dancing over it, sucking. With this he sucked hard on her clit, driving his fingers deep inside her. She pressed back hard toward his fingers at the same time taking his cock deep into her mouth, sucking and licking. She matched the rhythm of his fingers as she pumped his cock in and out of her mouth, still playing with his balls. He thrust his hips to meet her mouth as he used his fingers to spread her pussy wide, burying his tongue deep inside her, drinking every drop of her juices.

Not able to stand it any longer, she repositioned herself, her pussy just above the head of his throbbing cock. She used one hand to spread her lips wide and the other to guide his cock her waiting pussy. She slid the head of his cock back and forth over her clit and up and down the groove between the lips of her pussy. Guiding the head just inside her, she proceeded to lower herself on to him. He slowly pushed his hips up to meet her as she came down on him. Once completely lowered on him she rocked back and forth, squeezing down hard on him. 

She leaned forward, bracing herself with her hands, so that her breasts were in reach of his lips and tongue. He took them in his hands and sucked each nipple in succession as she began to raise and lower her hips, squeezing his cock on the way up and slamming back down to meet his thrusts. Hard and fast, slow and smooth, she controlled the tempo, the rain coming down harder than before almost stinging when it hit them. He sucked, nibbled and licked her nipples, eyes closed to protect against the rain. She increased the tempo; harder and faster she moved her hips, her head lowered, concentrating on the feeling. She was ready to explode. 

She sat upright again; her head tilted up toward the rain, finger furiously working her clit as he grabbed her ass and thrust his hips up hard to meet her. Faster and faster, his cock was burning, throbbing, ready to come. Her pussy swollen and on fire she was ready to come too. A few harder, fast and furious thrusts and he buried his cock deep inside her, coming hard. She leaned back, her pussy squeezing down hard then releasing, coming with him. Exhausted she collapsed onto his chest, his cock still inside her. He wrapped his arms around her and they lay there, rain slowly slacking up, but still washing over them.

They stayed there until the rain stopped then put on their sopping wet clothes. They gathered everything together and made the trek back to the car. A few people were still milling around the parking lot, but none were as wet as they were. And none could figure out why they were smiling so brightly either. They packed up the car and started to head home, both knowing that this picnic would be hard to if not impossible to top.