 The dark haze overwhelmed the dusty sky, filling the void with gray clouds. A slight thunder roared in the distance, but we kept on walking down park road, holding each other close in the damp air, our arms entwined with each others. 

Suddenly I felt a damp drop on my forehead and I looked up unconsciously, feeling more drops splatter on my cheeks and hair. He pulled me closer, sheltering me within the warmth of his body, as more and more drops of rain fell upon us, soaking our hair and dripping down our faces. 

I bury my face in his neck, breathing in this scent combined with the fresh wetness of the rain, as they fell down harder and harder. I felt the rain splatter in my hair and roll off the ends, dripping down to my clothes. I shivered slightly and cuddled in closer towards him, although his own clothes and hair were soaking as well. 

Slowly, he lifted my chin up towards him, sheltering my face from the pelting rain with his head, and kissed me tenderly. I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him so deeply and so lovingly, feeling the rain fall upon us, feeling my wet hair dripping down my back, feeling his wet face next to mine, as rain drops rolled near our lips, we drank it in together as we kissed so deeply and so passionately. My soul and body warmed as we held each other so closely, not even caring about the raging rain outside of our world, not caring that our clothes were soaked through, not caring that we were dripping wet with rain water. 

When we finally pulled our mouths from each others, he smiled at me and gently tucked a piece of wet drippy hair from my face to behind my ear and grabbed my hand. "Come on, let's go this way." 

We ran together into the blinding rain, not stopping until we saw a gazebo. When we finally stepped out of the rain, I shivered, realizing how wet we were and how chilled my clothes felt. I felt like as if I just jumped into the river with my clothes on. My hair stuck damply on my neck, chilling me. I held onto him closer, shivering from the chill. 

"Do you want to let your clothes dry, dear?" a teasing grin upon his lips, he winked at me. 

I laughed at him. "Why not?" With that, I pulled my wet t-shirt above my head, exposing lacy white bra underneath. I wrung out my t-shirt as if it was a towel, and spread it on a bench. When I looked up, I saw him staring at me, smiling slowly. 

I slowly unbuttoned my wet jeans and took them off, laying them beside my t-shirt to dry. When I looked up this time, I saw he had done the same with his clothes and now stood there in nothing but boxers. 

I almost leaped up and he embraced me in his warm arms, warming up my chilled, damp body. We kissed again, so passionately, so full of love and devotion that nothing else mattered. We couldn't hear the pit pattering of the rainfall upon the gazebo roof, nor the sounds of birds flocking to their nests, or the thunder roaring in the distance. We were lost within each other, lost within each other's souls. I felt his warm hands rub up and down my back so gently and so softly, massaging my skin, feeling it. 

When we finally pulled apart to gasp for breath from our intense kissing, he sat down on a bench and pulled me into his lap. I could feel his hardness underneath me, growing bigger at each second. I nuzzled my face into his neck, feeling his damp hair on my face as I gently kissed and licked his neck, as a small moan of pleasure escaped from his lips. 

I kissed down his collarbone, licking it gently, enjoying his pleasurable reactions. He reached over and pulled my left bra cup aside and gently pinched my nipple, feeling it harden between his fingers. Then he reached over and pinched my right nipple as well. When I leaned back from kissing his neck, he reached down and flicked his tongue across my hardening nipples, sucking on them gently. As he sucked and licked one, he played with my other with his fingers, gently pinching, massaging it. 

When he raised his head again, I grabbed his hand and we kissed so passionately and so intensely, our mouths and tongues on fire from our own passion, fueled with our burning hearts. I felt his hand gently massing my thigh as it crept closer and closer to my center of pleasure. I gasped around his mouth as I felt his finger suddenly on my clit, massaging it gently, rubbing it slowly, and sending little shots of pleasure up and down my entire body. I moaned around his lips, drinking in his kisses deeper, grabbing his head harder and pulling him against me hard and we kissed more deeply and more intensely and harder. 

Sweat started glistening on my forehead, mixing with the wetness of the rainwater, fueling my body with the warmth of love and desire as we kissed. Soon, he gently pulled back and whispered into my ear. "Do you want it?" 

"Yes, I do. I do..." I gently got off his lap and removed my panties as he slid his boxers down his legs, and his pole poked up, standing up in attention. I gently spread myself as I lowered myself on top of him. I moaned as he poked inside of me, spreading my lips wide and burying itself deep in my warm, moist tunnel. 

I felt my muscles squeezing down on him tightly as he entered me slowly, until his entire length was deep inside of me. I leaned over and kissed me so intensely again, feeling his arms warp around me, as we are connected to each other, our bodies combining into one, one soul, one love… 

After a few minutes of intense kissing, I finally drew back to gasp out for breath and I started lowering and raising myself on top of him. Feeling his dick slid deep inside me, feeling so full and intensely satisfied, and then sliding it out until on his head is inside, then slamming him deep inside me again. I moaned out loud, grabbing onto his shoulders, as I felt my damp hair tumble down my back as I leaned back. My forehead glistened from rain water and sweat mixed as I gasped and moaned in pleasure, feeling my wet tight tunnel stretched apart with his hard, warm tool. 

I reached down and started to rub my clit harder and harder as I bounced up and down on him quicker and quicker, feeling my pleasure heighten as I did so. I stare deep into his eyes as I bounce, seeing his pleasure as while as my own reflected with his eyes. 

I smile at him, close my eyes, and leaned back, holding myself up onto him by grasping his shoulders, and his hands on my hips so that I wouldn't fall, and gasped out loud in my intense pleasure as I felt my climax suddenly peak and explode. Soon after, I felt the warm gush of juice fill myself deep inside, warming me up so much more. I felt my body grow limp and I fall onto him, burying my face on his neck again, feeling his warm arms around me as he kissed my damp hair and face, our bodies still connected, his limp member still buried deep inside of me. 

"Look, hon, the sun's coming out," he suddenly whispered to me, lifting my head up gently. I look up past his shoulder, and sure enough, the rain had stopped and the sun was barely peeking out in the distance. "Let's get dressed before anyone gets here," he laughed. 

"Silly boy," I teased him as I got off him and pulled my still slightly damp clothes back on. 

"Yeah, but you love me," he grinned. I just smiled and pulled him close to me for another intense kiss before we left the gazebo and into the warm sunshine, our clothes and hair still smelling damp from the rainfall it just happened few minutes before.