 "Ugh this sucks!" Kayla stared out the passenger seat at the heavy rain beating down on the car and the campsite in front of the car that looked like a large pool of mud. "Our whole weekend is ruined!" She turned and looked at her childhood best friend, Josh, who was driving the Jeep that was now covered in mud as well.

"Let's just see if we can wait it out. Where are the others?" Josh asked Kayla. The original plan was to enjoy a long weekend of camping with almost a dozen friends from high school. It was their annual reunion and this was supposed to be their 10th year anniversary. After high school, everyone gone different ways and went to school, started working, and moved away. In their late 20s, it had become increasingly harder to get together so this was supposed to be an exciting weekend.

They were up at a campsite that was a few hours outside of the city. Kayla pulled out her phone from her purse and started checking her messages.

"Shit. Nobody is coming." Kayla put her phone down and sighed. "What should we do? Should we go back?"

Josh was two years older than Kayla and had known her since they were kids. They grew up next door to each other and were in the same class until they parted ways for university. He had watched her grow from the girl next door who caught bugs with him to a beautiful 5 foot 8 fit, athletic bombshell that men constantly fawned over. He never really thought about it because they were best friends but he could never deny that any guy she was with was a lucky guy.

"Let's see if we can wait out the rain first. You know what we should do?" Josh grinned as he unbuckled his seatbelt and reached into the backseat for his backpack. He pulled out a small box and pulled out a perfectly rolled joint. 

"Oh my god, are we going to hotbox the car? Are we 16 again?" Kayla started laughing. 

"Hey now! I thought it'd be fun. We also have lots of booze in the cooler in the trunk." Josh retorted. He knew she was going to be game for it. "Let's crawl into the back so we can put the seat down and grab the cooler while we smoke. More space."

Josh hopped into the backseat and pushed the seat down, making it a perfectly flat space with more than enough space to stretch out and smoke. He wrangled the cooler out from under the tent and pulled out a bottle of tequila.

Kayla continued to laugh but undid her seatbelt and crawled into the backseat. "I haven't drank tequila since I was in college. Oh man, this is going to be just like old times." They sat opposite each other against the doors with their legs stretched out. 

Josh opened the bottle of tequila and took a drink and handed the bottle to Kayla, who took a swig as well. Josh lit the joint and the two of them began to smoke the delicious grass and fill the jeep with smoke. Soon, the two were giggling over the time they first tried pot and ended up burning off Josh's left eyebrow. 

"Oh man, so, what's new with you? Have some more tequila!" Kayla caught her breath and tried to maintain her composure after a laughing fit. She took another drink of tequila and passed Josh the bottle for him to take a sip as well.

"I've been good. Working. As you know, Chloe and I aren't together anymore." Josh said as he cracked open a can of beer. "Things just weren't good anymore and we gave it a shot but it wasn't meant to be."

"Yeah, but it's for the best. None of us liked her anyway." Kayla said to Josh, who looked at her with a surprised look on his face. 

"Oh, who am I kidding. She was a bitch. A year of my life, but at least it was only a year of my life. Shit, I didn't even get laid for the last half of it." Josh took another puff on the joint. "This is like the never ending joint." 

Kayla took the joint from him and took a large puff. She started laughing. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. But how do guys even stay with girls who don't give them some? I mean, that's just rude."

"I know, right?" Josh said. He polished off the last of his beer. He was very stoned and sitting in the remnant haze didn't help. 

Suddenly, Kayla shifted over to sit beside him and pressed herself right up against his left side. He shifted over to make room for her and put his arm around her as she rested her head on his shoulder. 

"I'm sorry that you weren't getting any," Kayla said. Josh looked down as he felt her put her hand on his leg. They had known each other for so long that he didn't even think twice about it. Kayla started talking about how she was tired of being single, even though she enjoyed being single. She worked as a PR executive and met a lot of men who were major disappointments and couldn't keep up with her. 

She started telling Josh about the last bad date she had. "This guy was unreal. He was so into himself it wasn't even funny. I'm pretty sure he made a reference to how big his penis was like ten times throughout dinner."

Josh laughed. "Oh man. You mean that's NOT what I'm supposed to talk about on a date?" 

Kayla playfully pushed him with her shoulders. "Well, I mean, I may have still sort of hooked up with him. I didn't sleep with him but I was curious, you know? I just gave him a handjob in the car before he dropped me off. He was nowhere near large.. maybe 5 inches."

"Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry. That got super graphic. I'm so stoned. Sorry Josh." Kayla started blushing and turned red. She was so embarrassed that it was almost endearing to Josh.

He laughed and said, "Don't worry about it. We're best friends, remember? We've all been there. Did you at least get something out of it or was he just another selfish prick?"

"He wasn't very good with his fingers.. He would only sometimes find my clit and it took him way too long to find the hole to slip a finger into, so I kind of stopped it there." Josh laughed and lit up another joint and passed it to Kayla.

"I'm sorry to hear that. Some men are unbelievable." Josh suddenly was aware that Kayla's hand was now stroking his leg and much closer to his groin than a normal friendly pat on the leg. 

"Josh," Kayla turned to look straight at Josh. "I need you to do me a favour." She took a puff of the joint and then put it out for later.

Josh wasn't sure where this was going but his cock seemed to think it was going to go somewhere good, as it twitched in his shorts a few times. He could feel his balls tingling a little bit as well. 

"What's that?"

"I need a man. I haven't been with a man in so long. It's been almost six months. I'm afraid for myself. I have way too much pent up energy and I trust you. We've been best friends for so long... I just need a favour." Kayla took Josh's hand and slipped it between her tanned, slender legs up her skirt. 

He gasped as his fingers made contact with the thin fabric of her soaked thong, the only thing separating him and her pussy. He could feel the warmth radiating from her pussy as she started grinding herself into his hand. 

Kayla moaned, "Yeah, right there... yeah, that feels good." She continued to rub herself and he readjusted his hand so that he could start rubbing her clit with his thumb after pushing her thong to the side. He knew that this was already too far gone and his head was swimming at this point. Josh's cock sprung to life as a very impressive tent began to form in his shorts. 

Josh was still rubbing Kayla's clit with his thumb, which was covered in her wetness. Her slit was so slippery that soon Josh's hand was covered in her juices. Kayla readjusted her position so that his fingers were in the perfect position to penetrate her dripping wet hole. She started whimpering as he teased her opening with his fingers, her pussy drooling more and more wetness out of her velvety box. 

"Josh, please, please..." Kayla gasped. He was just torturing himself at this point so he slipped his middle and ring finger into her tight pussy, massaging the walls with the tips of his fingers. Kayla started moaning immediately as she pulled Josh's face close to hers and began to kiss him. 

Josh started pumping his fingers in and out of Kayla and she started bucking her hips to the same rhythm. He started to curl his fingers and massage different spots within her pussy to find her g spot. It only took him a minute before she started moaning louder and louder, making him thankful that they were in a car in a desolate forest alone with the rain to mask her sex sounds.

"I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum soon. Oh fuck, oh fuck, Josh, oh fuck," Kayla threw her arms around his neck as he pulled her tight and finger fucked her as fast as he could go, hitting her g spot as her pussy started to tremble before convulsing around his fingers, letting her sweet nectar pour out as he continued to fuck the cum out of her. 

As she came down from her climax, Josh withdrew his fingers and leaned back. He brought his fingers that he had fucked Kayla with to his mouth and licked them off. She watched him do this and her eyes trailed downwards to his lap, where Josh's tent was still at full mast.

"I need to return the favour," Kayla said as she grinned and put her hand out to massage his bulge. She rubbed the whole length of his cock and proceeded to rub him through his shorts. She could feel his shaft was definitely large, and he felt thick. The only thing she really wanted to know now was how big his balls were.

Josh was in heaven with Kayla's hands running over his cock. He reached down and pulled off his shorts, leaving boxer briefs as the only barrier for Kayla before getting to his cock. There was a large wet spot of pre-cum where the tip of his cock clearly was. Kayla's eyes widened as she pulled down his boxer briefs with no hesitation and freed his stiff, throbbing member.

"You have a perfect cock," Kayla said as she reached out to put her hands on his hot, veiny man meat for the first time.

Josh had an 8 inch thick cut cock that most women enjoyed. He was also very proud of his large balls and the amount of cum they produced. He enjoyed jacking off in condoms to see almost half of it be filled with his cum when he emptied his balls. Right now, his cock slit was leaking pre-cum like crazy still, dripping down his cock that was pointing straight up in the air.

Kayla played with his mushroom head first, spreading his pre-cum around his head and shaft. She started jerking him off slowly, pulling and yanking on his cock to ensure that he was as hard as he could possibly be. 

"I have an idea. Come, move over here," Josh said to Kayla as he directed her to sit with her legs spread, touching door to door as he sat in the same position opposite her. He reached over and immediately started playing with her clit again, with all of the cum that was still leftover. Kayla moaned as she resumed her hold on Josh's penis.

Kayla started jacking Josh off with her hands, alternating the patterns, applying pressure to all the right areas of his cock, playing with his balls. Josh started fingering her pussy again, which was again dripping like crazy all over his fingers. Josh pulled her as close to him as he could to allow him room to finger her while she jerked him off. Kayla picked up the pace of her handjob as pre-cum was now uncontrollably leaking out of Josh's cock. 

"Shit, Josh, I'm going to cum again. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck." Kayla started bucking against Josh's hand as he used his other hand to reach down to rub her clit lightly, which put her over the edge. Wave after wave of her juices flowed out as Josh continued to finger her expertly. He took his fingers out and moved her hand off his cock so that he could put some of her pussy juice on his meat stick, mixing with his own pre-cum. 

Kayla was panting and she looked up at Josh, who looked back at her. Their best friend telepathy kicked in as Josh pulled Kayla almost onto his lap. She reached down and took his lubed up cock and started rubbing it against her clit, grinding her pussy onto the shaft of his penis, teasing him so much that his balls were twitching with anticipation. 

Kayla guided Josh's member more south, running his dickhead over her slippery, wet folds that was a mix of her cum juices and her wetness. She rubbed his head along her hole for a few minutes, letting Josh's pre-cum leak out and continue to lube up her pussy – not like it needed any more wetness. 

Josh couldn't take it anymore. With one swift motion that took Kayla by surprise, he slipped his entire cock into her tight pussy that clamped onto his member. The sound of their juices mixing together was so hot that it took everything in Josh not to explode right away. 

Kayla moaned in surprise as Josh pulled the length of his cock almost all the way out, and then shoved himself back into her wet box. He repeated the motion a few times, making Kayla increasingly frustrated that he wasn't letting her have a release yet.

"Just fuck me already. Fuck me Josh. Your cock feels so good. Fuck me with that perfect cock." Kayla started wriggling around to try to start bucking against his cock. Josh's engorged member was getting even harder with each time he slid inside of Kayla's tight entrance. Soon he had grown to a good 9 inches. He didn't even know that this was possible and his balls were larger than he'd ever seen.

Not wanting to keep himself waiting and deprive himself of pleasure, he picked up his speed and started fucking Kayla's pussy with strong strokes. He soon picked up speed as he felt her pussy trembling again, getting ready for orgasm. He reached down and started playing with her clit again to get her to cum.

"Cum on my dick, Kayla. Cum on me babe. I want you to cover me with your juices." Josh held her hips as he slammed in and out of her, trying to hold on and not let himself release too soon.

"Fuck, Josh. I'm going to cum on your dick. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Oh my god. Lay down!" Kayla pushed Josh with such force that he was suddenly on his back, but his dick was still buried inside Kayla who didn't break the rhythm in that impressive move.

Kayla shifted so that she was on top of him, bouncing on top of his dick and he fucked her pussy faster and faster. His balls were slapping against her with each thrust and wetness was dripping out of her pussy like a waterfall. The slippery sound of him going in and out of her was almost too much for Kayla to handle. She had never been so turned on before and she ground her pussy and rubbed her clit as she used her best friend's cock to get off. 

Kayla began screaming Josh's name as her pussy lost control and she hit another orgasm that came in waves after waves. Josh kept his cock stuffed deep in her pussy, revelling in the feeling of her juices coating his incredibly hard dick. He was so hard that it was almost painful. He knew he was close as he had slowed down his pumping. Kayla pulled his dick out and started licking it up and down, attempting to clean off all the juices. 

"Fuck, Josh. That was amazing. I still can't believe you haven't cum yet," Kayla commented when she came up for a momentary breath of fresh air while she was shoving his perfect dick in her mouth, sucking him like she was trying to get the last sip of a delicious tasty milkshake. 

Josh started pumping his hips up again to meet her head bobbing motions. He moaned as he put a hand on the back of her head, trying to ensure that he wasn't shoving too much of his dick into her velvety hot mouth so he could last. He didn't want to cum quite yet. 

"Kayla, lay down," he instructed her as he guided her onto her back. He straddled her stomach and pushed his super hard cock in between her tits. She knew immediately what he wanted, which was what every guy she had ever dated wanted. She pushed her D cup boobs together as he fucked her chest with his raging boner. He dribbled out more pre-cum onto her chest as she moaned.

"Ok, I need to cum. Where do you want me to cum?" Josh pulled back and tugged at his member that was pointing straight up in the air. Kayla shifted again so that she had her legs spread, with one leg pointing up towards the roof of the Jeep. Josh positioned himself on his knees in between her legs as she rested the one pointing up against his chest. 

Josh reached down to make sure Kayla was still wet and her entire pussy was still covered with juices and wetness so he had nothing to worry about. Kayla was in a state of ecstasy right now, fucking the daylights out of her best friend in the middle of the woods.

Josh pushed his thick cock back into Kayla's tight pussy and started fucking her. Kayla was moaning his name and growling things to encourage him, "Fuck me, Josh. Fuck my pussy. Fuck me like you need to empty every last drop of your manhood into me. Give me your cum. When you cum, make sure you keep fucking me so you fuck it out of me. Fuck me, Josh. FUCK ME."

Josh picked up speed as he pumped his engorged member in and out of his best friend. He had so much pent up sexual energy from not having sex in so long that he knew he was going to blow a huge load. He was fucking her sideways into oblivion in the woods with her cumming on his dick again. He couldn't hold it any longer. The slippery sound of his balls slapping against her ass, Kayla moaning his name over and over, begging him to cum inside of her pussy sent him over the edge.

Kyle started breathing heavier and heavier as he continued to fuck Kayla hard and fast, his cock almost a blur fucking her so fast. 

"Shit, I'm going to cum. Kayla, I'm going to cum. I cum a lot so get ready..." With that, Josh's cock exploded as his balls unloaded all of their contents inside of his best friend's beautiful, pink pussy. Rope after rope, stream after stream, Josh's creamy thick cum was spurting inside and coating Kayla's pussy. 

As per her wishes, Josh continued to pump in and out of Kayla until cum started dripping out while they were fucking. Kayla was moaning uncontrollably again and climaxed again with Josh still inside of her. 

"How are you still cumming?" Kayla gasped. Josh's cock was still rock hard inside of her spasming pussy. "Put it in my mouth. Don't let it go to waste."

Josh pulled his cock out of Kayla in one quick move, with a trail of pre-cum that came out along with her. Kayla turned around and bent down to eye level with Josh's cock that was still spurting creamy cum. She sucked the head of his cock into her mouth and traced his slit with her tongue, teasing out more cum from his balls. Kayla took her right hand and started massaging Josh's still twitching balls to coax out the rest of the sweet and salty cum from Josh's staff, getting six more jets of cum that she swallowed happily.

"Oh fuck, yeah, suck that tip. Just suck that head, yeah." Josh started slipping more and more of his cock into Kayla's mouth until she was sucking him off again. His cock was not as hard as before, but it was still 8 inches hard. Kayla began to work her magic, jerking off the base of his cock while sucking the tip of his head and licking the underside of his shaft. 

"Let me fuck your tits again and I'll unload my last load into your pussy," Josh panted as he took his hard cock and positioned it in between Kayla's breasts again. He was fucking her with such wild abandon at this point because he just wanted to get rid of the last of the cum in his ball sac. 

Kayla laid on her back as Josh fucked her tits and she reached down and played with her pussy, which was still leaking the massive load he had dumped into her just less than ten minutes ago. It turned Kayla on so much that she fingered herself to an orgasm while Josh tit-fucked her, sometimes pushing the tip of his long member into her mouth for a quick suck.

Josh started panting and groaning, "Fuck, Kayla, this is it. Fuck, fuck, get on my dick, get on my dick, fuck, get on my dick," he grabbed Kayla and sat her down on his lap as he started to fuck her hard with his dick, with his last load serving as very good lube. He fucked her so hard and so fast that he knew it was going to be a massive cum when he finally got his release. 
