 I am jogging in the rain, at the same time I always do, 4 a.m. Running through the trails, with the trees surrounding me. The rain feels so good on my face, rain mixed with sweat. No one else on the trail, just peaceful, the sky still dark with the hint of blue on the horizon. The sound of frogs near the river, the crickets, but the birds are silent. My breathing is steady with the rhythm of my feet hitting the ground. I don't have my music player, I like to listen to the sounds when I'm out this early. The rain is just more than a drizzle, not enough to make puddles, but enough to slowly permeate my pink tank top, my black running pants.

I'm absorbed in my own little world, a movie working its way into my mind's eye. Recalling the events of the evening before, the sensual lovemaking I had with my husband, slow and tender, my body reacting while he took his time, bringing me to a slow rumbling orgasm that has my loins aching now as I run past the bridge that marked mile 3 for me. I feel myself start to throb with lust.

Then I hear it. The footsteps of someone else. By the sound of them, I know who it is. The reason I come out at 4 a.m. every morning. We joke, calling each other "running husband and wife" because we keep the other going. We met at the local running club; me the trainer, him the "newbie." I speed up, I don't want to make it easy for him to catch me...I like to make it a chase. I know he enjoys it. My heartbeat speeds up a bit, and I know that a part of me knows it is because of him and not just the speeding up. We have been running together for a while now, and my attraction for him has been slowly growing. I can tell his is growing too. He final reaches me, wearing his usual dark blue running shorts and black long-sleeved tech shirt. I can't fully make out his facial features with the rain, but I can see the outline of his strong jaw, his wet brown hair. I don't need to see him, I know every detail of his face; the laugh lines around his dark blue eyes, the slight stubble he likes to sport and I imagine rubbing my cheek against...his nose, his ears. The small scar on his right cheek he got as a child when he fell down some stairs.

He looks over to me.

"Hey, Steve...A bit slow this morning! Maybe you're getting old." I laugh as I say this, as he is 35, me 32. "Naw, you're just my speedy girl." I grin widely as he calls me his girl.

"How many miles are doing? The usual loop?" The loop is 8 miles, I hope he chooses that one, because we will have that much more time together. To talk, to just run, to laugh...

"Not today, Erin. I am thinking 3 miles." I nod, falling silent. I know that 3 miles won't take more than 30 minutes, and since he is going on vacation for 2 weeks starting tomorrow, I am disappointed. It bugs me that I feel this way about him, knowing we are both married. He knows a bit about my marriage, and the fact it is open. I admitted this to him one night when the running group went out for drinks and I was talking to him alone. Alcohol always does a good job of loosening my tongue, but I also used that as an excuse to tell him our secret. He was fascinated by this, but in the end saying he couldn't cheat on his wife. I respected that, knowing that at least he would still be my running partner.

After a few minutes of running, Steve breaks the silence, blurting out, "I think Lisa is having an affair." I am not surprised by this. I know her, and have seen the way she treats him, have seen the looks she gives other men. But, I've always held my tongue when it came to her. She is his wife. "Why do you think that?" "She has been coming home later. She won't have sex with me anymore, ignores me. She just...She is happier now, but I don't think I'm the reason for it." "I'm sorry, Steve. I really am." "Forget it, Erin. I shouldn't be whining to you about it."

As we approach a bench under the bridge, I see Steve is starting to falter. "Do you need to sit down? " He nods, and we walk to the bench.

He stops, turning to face me. I smile at him now, then frown as I see the tears in his eyes. Instinctively, I bridge the gap between us and wrap my arms around him, my lips brushing his hair. He lets out a deep breath, his arms coming around me. "I know you are married, but I know...I know you like me, and I really need you. I want you, Erin."

I stand there, shocked by the words that just came out of his mouth. These words that cause my hands to quiver, my stomach to flutter, my pussy to moisten. I tighten my lips, not sure what to say. A part of me, the guilty part of me, wants to be spontaneous and the other part of me yelling no! He is married, I can't do this.

He sees the indecision on my face and smiles at me. Before I can back away, he lowers his lips to mine. Softly at first, but then more firmly when I don't break the kiss. His hands are on my waist, mine are still at my side. His tongue presses against my lips, parting them. Taking control. His large hands are now behind me, caressing my ass, and then gripping them, molding his body against mine. I can feel his erection pressing against my tummy. I moan against his mouth as my body responds, my pussy now slick...

He leads me to the bench under the bridge. I don't trust myself to speak, losing my control to him. He pulls me into his embrace again, his hands around my waist again, this time to pull my shorts down. I squeak and pull back, looking around... "It's too early, no one is up. Trust me." I look into his eyes and nod, I can't say the words. With one hand on my ass, his other hand slides over my bald pussy. With a knowing smile, he says "Ahh, I had a feeling you run commando."

He removes his hand to lift my shirt, my sports bra. He leans down to take one nipple in his mouth, the other breast in his hand, squeezing, massaging. I moan softly, my hands holding his head, pulling his in tighter. He moves down, teeth scraping my tummy, hands firmly on my ass, squeezing, kneading. I tense, knowing what is going to happen next, wanting what is going to happen next. My hands still in his hair, I curl my fingers. Waiting. I feel his breath on me, and then his lips, kissing my lips down there. The ache becomes a throbbing sensation. When he begins to probe between my slit with his tongue, I gasp, so ready for him, my hips moving forward, wanting more. Wanting him. With my eager response, he sucks greedily on my clit, and then moves his tongue up and down. I feel a finger move over my asshole, circling it. Then he stands up abruptly. "I want to be inside you, NOW." He growls as he moves me over the bench, facing away from him. Before I can react, he pushes my ass up and lines the head of his cock against my opening. I let out a deep moan, so ready for him.

Not wasting any more time, he plunges into me. I bite my lip to keep from crying out, biting too hard, I can taste the blood in my mouth. He reaches around with one hand to grip my breast, pinching my nipple, squeezing as he thrusts in and out...in and out. I match his rhythm, my fingers working hard on my clit, my climax building up fast. Then his thumb probes my asshole again, this time slipping in and out. I release, the climax shattering me as I quiver, the walls of my pussy squeezing against him. I feel him throb as he grunts, and I feel his load filling me. He thrusts until he is spent, then collapses on me, both so wet with the rain and our sweat.

He pulls out slowly; I can tell he doesn't want to. I am still breathless. We pull our shorts up and I move my sports bra and tank top back into place. We look at each other for a moment... "We have 1 mile left, if you want to keep going," I say, still breathless. He smiles at me, and we run again, side by side, as the sun starts to rise...