 Chapter Seven

Bryce looked down at the woman lying against him and smiled. The firelight made her hair look like flames. He ran his fingers through it and heard her sigh softly. He slid his hands down her arms then back up again. He felt her shiver, goosebumps rising on her arms. He watched her slender fingers idly twirl the stem of her wineglass, sending the dark liquid swishing up and down the sides of the flute. He took the glass from her, set it on the side table, and wound his fingers through hers. He felt her relax completely against him, snuggling against his chest. 

After they'd made love upstairs, Allegra had thrown on her robe; Bryce his jeans, and they had headed downstairs to find something for dinner. After some pizza and wine, they'd retired to the den to sit in front of the fireplace. The warm glow from the firelight surrounded them and seeped into their bones, heating them from the inside out. The wine and the warmth had taken effect on both of them, and they were suffused with a lazy contentment. 

Allegra swung her leg lazily back and forth, unmindful that her robe was slipping and sliding further apart as she did so, giving Bryce a tantalizing view of long, lush thigh. The heat from the fire warmed her skin; the silk of the robe was refreshingly cool where it brushed against her. She wriggled further into his arms, tilting her head back and simply enjoying the feeling of being with him. 

Bryce rubbed his hands up and down her arms, watching as her robe slipped away from her chest to give him an enticing view of her full, flushed breasts. He slid his hands further down her arms, then slowly slipped them under her breasts, cupping them in his palms. He held their weight in his hands for a long moment, and rasped his thumbs over her nipples. He pinched them gently through the silk of the robe, then slid his hands inside to cover her naked flesh. Her nipples hardened instantly, peaking into tight little points. He teased them with his fingers, pushing the robe until it slid down her shoulders and pooled around her waist. He moved his lips to her neck, suckling gently. He sucked harder when she shivered in his arms, and she moved restlessly, seeking more.

Allegra threw her head back against Bryce's chest, surrendering to the feel of his lips on her skin. She ground back into him, rubbing her lower back against his hard cock. Her hands slid up and back to run over his broad shoulders and chest. She ran her nails gently over his skin, grinning when he bit her neck gently. She wrapped her arms around his neck pulling his mouth down to hers. She ran her tongue over his lower lip and sucked it gently into her mouth. He groaned against her lips and she bit him lightly. 

"Stand up," Bryce said hoarsely. He watched as she stood, the robe slipping further down her body to pool around her rounded hips. Her ass swayed invitingly as she walked towards the fireplace, letting the robe fall to the floor. She stood in front of the fire, the soft glow seeming to enhance her curves. Her body was highlighted; every dip and hollow heavily shadowed. His breath caught in his throat when she turned slowly, the light flickering over her from head to toe.

Allegra stood in front of the fire, trembling despite the heat. She'd never felt more like a seductress in her life. She walked slowly towards him, watching as he straightened to sit against the back of the couch, his gaze flickering over her heatedly. His green eyes glowed, reflecting not only the fire but a reckless surge of lust. His hand went to his jeans, pushing them down over his hips to free his cock. With a moan, Allegra straddled him, placing one leg on either side of his hips. She leaned down, taking his ear lobe between her teeth and biting on it, then moving her lips down his neck. A rumble resounded through his chest and she wriggled against him, painting his cock with pussy juice. 

"Fuck me," Bryce said fiercely. He grabbed her hips, trying to force her down on his cock, but the tease strained against his hands, refusing to give in. Her lips on his skin were driving him mad with desire, and his cock throbbed against her, begging for entrance. But still she evaded him, grinding against him just enough to tease, but not enough to impale herself on his dick. He gave a groan of frustration. If he didn't get inside her tight hot cunt soon he was going to explode. "Turn around," he whispered, leaning up to slide his tongue along the side of her neck.

Allegra whimpered, but did as she was told. After all, she wasn't in the mood for another spanking. She turned herself around until she was sitting on his lap, tilting her head back until it rested in the crook between his neck and shoulder. She felt his large, rough hands reach under her thighs and pull them up and out until her feet were resting on the edges of the cushions on either side of his thighs. 

"Are you ready to get fucked baby?" he asked her. 

Allegra moaned low in her throat. "Yes," she whispered.

"Tell me how much you want it," Bryce demanded, sliding his fingers against her wet slit. 

"Please," Allegra whimpered. "Fuck me!" She arched her hips toward his hand, but his fingers refused to slide into her. She could feel his cock rubbing against her ass, and she ached to have him in her.

Bryce grinned. Turnabout was fair play, after all, he thought. He slid his fingers past her pussy lips until he could feel the throbbing entrance to her cunt. He ran his fingers over it in circles, sliding his fingers around and around, spreading her wetness over her pussy. 

"More," Allegra begged, violently thrusting her hips forward as she tried to impale herself on his fingers.

"Oh no," Bryce said, nipping her neck and sending a shiver down her spine. "Not yet," he told her, sliding his fingers up to circle her clit. She was fucking soaked. He couldn't wait much longer to get inside her, but he refused to give her what she wanted after the way she'd teased him. 

Allegra moved her hips against his hand, on the verge of cumming hard. She cried out when he stopped. "Don't stop," she begged. "Please don't stop."

Bryce smiled against the back of her neck, violently thrusting two of his fingers deep into her tight wet pussy. He held them deep within her, letting her ride them until she came undone, twisting wildly against his hand. He could feel her pussy milking his fingers and he growled, wanting to feel her pussy muscles clenching his cock. After a few moments she stopped moving, and he curled his fingers inside of her. 

"Fuck," Allegra whispered. "You're going to make me cum again," she told him. 

"You're damn right I am," Bryce said, biting her neck firmly as he slid his fingers from within her. He picked her up by her hips and set her down right on his cock, sending his dick sliding into her juicy cunt. He curled his hands under her thighs, and stilled her when she tried to ride him. "Oh no," he said, "I'm in control here." He lifted her and let her slide back down on his cock, controlling how deep she could take him. He teased her, sending just the head of his cock into her, feeling her pussy clench tight around him. Suddenly he let go, dropping her onto his cock until her ass was resting against his balls. 

"Oh god," Allegra moaned, arching her back. She wriggled her hips, trying to get him to move within her. "Fuck me, you son of a bitch," she demanded. "I want you now!"

Bryce grinned and bit her neck again. "No," he replied, "I want you to feel every inch of my cock throbbing in your tight little cunt. I want you to milk me with your pussy until I explode in you without moving at all." He arched his back, making sure that every single inch of his dick was buried in her wet pussy. 

Allegra shook her head, rubbing it against his shoulder. She concentrated on the feeling of his hard cock inside her. It filled her to bursting, stretching her pussy wide. She tightened and released her muscles rhythmically, wrapping her pussy around the dick buried in her. She timed her motions until all she could think about was his cock and her cunt. The world around them faded away, the heat and light from the fire unnoticed by either of them.

"Fuck," Bryce whispered. He could feel her cunt milking every inch of his cock. He didn't know how much longer he could take it. The rhythmic squeezing motion of her pussy was keeping him right on the edge. He wanted to go flying over it, preferably with her. With a groan he slid his hands from her thighs to her pussy, flicking his fingers against her throbbing clit. He arched his back, putting more pressure against her g-spot. He slid his dick in and out of her mere fractions of an inch so that the head of his cock rubbed her just right. Her pussy tightened around him, gripping him tightly. "That's it, baby. Take me," he groaned, nipping her ear.

Allegra moved her hips forward and back, sending his cock sliding against her most sensitive spot. She moaned, heat flickering through her body. His fingers on her clit were driving her mad. She was so fucking close...Just a little bit more. Just a little.....She arched her back, taking him as deep as possible, pussy juice leaking from her and coating his balls. With a cry she came, moving wildly against him. His hands grabbed her hips hard, forcing her down on his dick. Her head fell back against his shoulder. She felt his cock grow and burst inside her, throbbing and filling her with cum.