 From his study upstairs he heard the all too familiar click of the lock as she closed the front door.

She was drenched from the unexpected down pour, it had caught her completely off guard.  Her wet clothes were clinging to her, mimicking the velvety touch of a bewitched lover.

The warmth that drifted through from the fire in the lounge was a relief as it dulled the chill that ran through her body.  

As he reached the landing he saw her standing in the hallway, her wet silk blouse hugging her petite frame.  He made his way down the stairs, and as she turned to greet him he saw the outline of her firm breasts showing clearly through the soft wet fabric. It embraced her perfect small brown nipples and created an arousing contrast to the whiteness of the silk.

The erectness of her cold nipples seemed to be beckoning him, flirting with the fire of excitement that lay inside him.

He drew her nearer and as he kissed her full inviting lips he fondled her.  She welcomed his embrace.  She had lusted for him all day and recalled how during her 10 am meeting she had found herself imagining him caressing her body; she wanted him then and wanted him even more now.

He held her close, their bodies pressing firmly against each other, there’s had always been a passionate relationship, and one that continually cried out for more.

As she moved towards the lounge and the orange glow of the fire, he made his way to the cellar where he purposefully choose a bottle of her favourite red wine.  He remembered with fondness the evening they had first met and savoured the same vintage. 

He returned to the lounge, wine bottle and towel in hand.  She had removed her clothes and stood close to the fireplace, the fire outlining her toned silhouette.  He tenderly soaked up the drops of rain off her body with the towel, lingering as he reached her breasts and clitoris.

Once dry she sat on the couch enjoying the warmth of the fire on her naked body.  The wine was seductive its warm burgundy hues filled the crystal glasses as he poured it from the bottle.  Handing her a glass he deliberately and slowly allowed some wine to fall onto her breasts.  He lowered himself onto her and gently licked the liquid from her nipples.  She pulled him up towards her mouth and kissed him hard, gently biting his lip as she moved her mouth towards his neck.  

Unbuttoning his shirt she stroked his chest her hand gently moving down towards his belt.  She undid the buckle, then slowly slid open his zipper.  Her eager hand found his hungry cock she stroked it and it responded by pulsating in her hand.  

Effortlessly she slipped her body down towards his manliness.  She engulfed his cock, her tongue enveloping it like a serpent entwining itself around a branch. 

He found himself lost in her caresses; the rest of the world did not exist for him.

She flicked her tongue across the top of his cock and could taste him; her pussy was wet and hot. She wanted him inside her and she wanted to ride him hard.

He lay back on the couch and she mounted him, slowly, gently her warm wet pussy found his hard cock, she teased him.  As she lowered herself onto him she would pull herself away quickly denying him her pussy, at the same time making him want it even more.  Then she gave it to him.  She lifted herself onto him and rode him hard.  Looking up, she saw a shadow move outside the window, was a passer-by watching them from the street?  Then as if the shadow itself felt that it was being watched, it disappeared.

He was deep inside her now, she was wild with passion, she touched her nipples at his request, and then twisted them between her fingers. She felt herself coming as he thrust his cock hard into her cunt.  She wanted him to explode inside her to make her reach the point of no return, and then, she was there, her body shuddered with excitement and she moaned as writhed in pleasure.  He pulled her down onto his chest and she felt him quiver as his manly juices erupted inside her.  It felt good.

Satisfied they lay together, surrounded by the sounds of the rain and the crackle of the fire, complete in there togetherness…