 It's raining outside as I step out of my car and close the door behind me. I walk leisurely to your door getting drenched. Ringing the doorbell... You come to answer not expecting anyone least of all me. You jerk open the door and stand there in your favorite black t-shirt and a pair of work out pants, just staring at me, completely soaked from head to toe. Your eyes looking me over, my long hair sopping wet around my shoulders, my black flip flops showing my brightly painted toes, my wet jean shorts hanging pale blue t-shirt that is entirely saturated you can make out the lace on my bra. Your eyes drift back up to my face. My eyes staring back at you with such longing. 

You reach out, as I stagger closer to you. Your arms embrace me with unspoken words. Clutching me securely, you begin stroking my hair. I softly thrust my body against yours letting you know I have a massive need and that only you can satisfy. Moments later you break our embrace, taking me by the hand you lead me inside, closing the massive door behind us, up the stairs and into your bedroom. You guide me to sit on a chest at the foot of your bed. Your great grandmothers you once told me. You kneel down in front of me. Lifting my left foot with so much care, your warm hands slip off the inadequate shoe that did nothing to protect my foot from the inundation of rain. You carefully place it on the floor.You repeat the process with my right foot. You take the edge of the flimsy material of my shirt, and begin lifting it up my chest. I lift my arms up to assist you as you creep up and over my chest leaving my thin lacy bra covering my ample breasts. With a small tug my shirt is off my head. 

Placing my shirt beside me, you guide me to stand up. Reaching down you unbutton my shorts then unzip my zipper letting them drop to the floor in a heaping wet pile. I step aside and stand in front of you with a white lace bra, my tan areolas showing through and a patch of sheer sapphire blue fabric barely covering the thin strip of dark curly hairs marking my womanhood. The same colored bands running around my hips and down between my cheeks. A smile crosses your face and I start grinning as I look down and see a swelling in your pants. I step closer to you as you reach around and unhook my bra slipping it off my shoulders and letting it fall to the pile of clothes on the floor. I hear you moan as you take my heavy breasts in both your hands and slowly massage them. You pinch my hardened nipples with your thumb and pointer fingers eliciting a deep raspy moan from me. 

You initiate more passion by kissing my forehead, the tip of my nose, the right side of my lips, the left, finally resting at my lips. Your tongue pressing my lips asking for my permission and my mouth opening with response. You release your hold on my breasts, pulling me closer letting me feel your hardness between my legs. Your hands slide up and down my back caressing my butt lifting me up, then putting me back down, letting my feet rest on the floor. Your fingers find their way to my hair giving it a light tug. My arms reach around you, eagerly pulling your shirt up. Breaking our kiss for a few moments to remove your shirt and toss it to the floor. I move my hands around to the front of you letting my fingers get tangled in your wiry hair on your chest. 

I suck in a breath as you lean down and place your hot mouth around one of my peaks, sucking in my nipple deep into the back of your mouth. Our breathing starts to quicken as we both get excited. I feel you kick off your shoes not caring where they land. You lead me into the bathroom where you turn on the water letting it get hot before finally removing the small triangle of fabric that I have left on. I step in, as you shed the rest of your clothes and join me under the cascade of warm water. Our bodies slide together pressing our naked flesh meld. You hold onto my waist flanking your hardness against my swollen mound as I tilt my head back under the flowing liquid. The water spraying across us, down my chest. 

Causing my nipples to jut out into two sharp points. With the sponge in your hands you begin to massage soap over both of us, covering us in a slick film. Rubbing my shoulders... tracing down my arms across both of my breasts. Taking time to gently kneed both orbs. You skim the sponge across my skin exciting me, knowing that my sticky juices have already started flowing. You spread my legs making the sponge drift lazily across the sensitive insides of my legs up to the fleshy lips of my sex. Teasing me with your thumb you trace down the lines of my pelvis... circling the outside before coming to a stop at my engorged nub pressing it you cause my legs to buckle... I moan. I feel your wet engorged cock ease into the v of my legs. Just holding it there, teasing me. Your thumb pleasuring me, sending a passionate heat straight through to the core of me. You lean down and begin nibbling at my neck biting your way to my ear. Sucking in my lobe, licking the crease. You ease your cock in slowly inching your way into the slick center of me. 

You lift me up and pin me against the shower wall... Slipping your hard cock deep within me... Filing me completely my velvety walls enclosing tightly around you. Our bodies slowly exciting each other as the friction intensifies. Water splashing over our hot bodies as our kisses increase. Holding me against the wall of the shower my legs wrapped around you propelling yourself into me. Driving both of us closer to climaxing. My body launches into spasm as you continue pumping your smooth cock in and out of my tight hole. my head tilts back, touching the wall. I hold you tighter not letting go. You quicken your pace letting me know without saying it that you are about to explode. Your hands eagerly cup the cheeks of my ass... plunging in deeper. Harder and faster slamming us against the ceramic tiles. I feel your seed rising in you. Pushing closer to the edge. Our kisses deepen our tongues exploring the warm darkness. I lift my legs up higher angling you towards the tiny bumpy spot deep in me. Our breathing gets heavy, faster and our moaning becoming raspy. I begin softly biting your collar bone. I move up the side of your neck At the same time we both let out a loud exerted moan, as both of us plummet into an intense orgasm. 

Our bodies shaking against the ceramic tiles, the shower wrapping us in a blanket of warm water. Moments later you reach behind you turning the spray off with one swift push. You pull away grabbing me before I can collapse to the bottom. Grabbing a towel you begin meticulously drying me off. Handing it over to me so I can dry my hair. You reach for another towel and give yourself a quick rub. With both of us dry you reach for my hand and lead me back into the bedroom. To the right side of the bed.. You pull back the covers as I slip in between the sheets, carefully you bring them back up to cover me. I watch you as you walk around the bed climb in cover up. I move to laying on my side, you slip closer. Your warm body presses against mine as we wrap our arms around each other my eye lids start to get heavy as you hold me so comforting. I kiss your soft lips and whisper "Forever" before drifting off to sleep.