 The Welding Society had a show and convention each year. As many such groups did, the society moved its focus city each year. This year it was in Philadelphia, the home of liberty.

David was a man who'd just turned forty, and had been in the profession of machine building for more than a few years. He had become an expert, on welding, by chance. A best friend was a metallurgist -- a good one -- and had asked him about the possibility of his designing a new machine. 

After a few hours of study, a few witness sessions with other machines where he was free to ask questions, and he was hooked. He found out that "welder loads" as he called them, varied with whether the arc medium was a gas or a fluid (he knew that a gas is a type of fluid, but he chose to separate them in his mind). His machines varied from TIG (Tungsten Inert Gas) through arc, resistive and MIG (Metal Inert Gas) types. They could be large and they could be small -- he now knew them all.

The show had ended early today and most of the attendees were being bused to one of a series of preplanned events for their pleasure. David had little use for these events and so had reelected to walk around town. After all, his ample frame could use the exercise and he always needed to control his weight -- or try to.

He'd been walking in the same direction, more or less, for several miles when he saw a local library. His interest in books and reading, when combined with something novel he'd seen at the show today, caused him to go in. It had been a few years since his last visit to a public library and he marveled over the change he saw. Even the book numbering system had changed, and when he looked for a card catalog, all he found was computers. 

He went up to the desk to ask a librarian for help but no one was around. He saw a little sign and a small bell that said "ring me". He did, and a lady came from where she'd been talking with another member of the staff and asked how she could help. She, like him, was 'generously' proportioned. She had a pleasant personality and a cute smile. Her eyes and lips were her strongest features. She was pleasant, or was he repeating himself. Pleasantness and a warm smile had always been treasures to him. His own mother was a perfect example of unending pleasantness, and a measure of all women in his eyes.

As she talked, his eyes took in the rest of her. He'd never been a person to look askance at a large person -- heck, if he did he'd hate himself. Besides, she was definitely what he'd always wanted.  What is the more politically correct term these days? BBW, Big Beautiful Woman. She was dressed conservatively, but he could tell that her ample hips and bust would be fun exploring -- if he was given half a chance. She directed him, and tutored him on the latest library techniques and asked if there was anything else.

He wanted to continue the conversation, but his inexperience with ladies made him somewhat bashful. He sat at the computer and watched her go back to the desk, and then busied himself. He did research and printed several items before the printer stopped printing. Perplexed, he went back to the desk and the same lady, and asked for help. This time she'd been sitting, and he watched with fascination as she stood. She must get a lot of exercise walking around the stacks he thought as he watched the grace of her movement.

She went to the printer, slid open a tray, and found the paper supply gone. She returned to the desk, picked up a ream of paper and returned to fill the machine. When she bent over the machine, he got a good look at her ample thighs, and the way her hips hugged the fabric at the rear of her dress. As she turned, he noticed that one of the widely spaced buttons had popped loose at the top of her dress, and he could see a hint of the soft, white flesh of her breasts.

She looked at what he'd printed and asked what he did for a living. As he explained it, his eyes kept returning to her breasts. She didn't appear to notice, and surely didn't know the view she was giving him. Again, he almost moaned as she excused herself and returned to the checkout desk. He hurried to take a seat before other visitors noticed the 'tent' forming in front of him. Once seated, he pushed it down and squirmed in his seat a little to quiet it and tried to get his mind on something else.

Something else, right! He wondered what she did when not at work. Wondered what she enjoyed, wondered where she lived, wondered if she was married or engaged. He wondered if she lived alone or with a long term relationship.

At ten minutes to five, he walked back to the counter and asked her if she knew where he could mail his work home, back to himself. Again she stood, and then bent over and pulled a large mailing envelope from below the desk. That same button was still unbuttoned and he could see the cleavage and through it almost to her navel. She wore a black bra that had trouble doing its job. He wished it too, would have a fastener failure -- no such luck.

She handed him the envelope and helped him 'pack' the papers and insert them into the envelope. She suggested that it might be expensive to mail them first class.  But, told him there was a large post office a few blocks away that was open until late. He could weigh them there and have the clerk apply the proper postage. 

When she'd tried to give him directions, she became frustrated at her direction giving abilities and told him that she was off work in a minute, and if he wanted she could show him. He protested that he didn't want to drag her away from work or out of her way. She said that it would be a pleasure because it was on her way home.

They left the library and walked several blocks down, turned for two short blocks and then turned again. Half way down the block they found the post office. He thanked her and she turned to leave. He only had three more days of the show, was lonely at the prospect of eating alone, and enchanted by her. He hollered after her, and then ran to her. Out of breath, he explained that he would like to thank her in some small way. He said that he had to eat alone and hated it, was from out of town and knew no one else in the area, and asked if she wasn't busy would she have dinner with him.

She thought for a minute before surprising him by saying yes. She said she didn't want to eat in a fancy place; a simple dinner was what she wanted. She also said she wanted to change before dinner if he'd wait. He definitely wanted to wait. She even allowed him to walk her home and invited him inside. She said that, indeed, she lived alone and then left the room to change.

He busied himself at a sofa, looking through magazines and even a bookcase filled to overflowing with books. When she returned ten minutes later, she'd showered and changed into a beautiful, full-skirted blue dress that accented her blond hair and the blue of her eyes -- those gorgeous eyes. She smelled of an allusive, but light, fragrance. He'd always hated the smell of rose water and heavy scents. This was perfect to him.

He asked to call a cab, but she wanted to walk. She took his arm and moved close to him as they walked to a small place she knew. Throughout dinner he stared. Her dress was conservatively cut low in front and loose around those fascinating breasts. A light material was 'gathered' across the front. Her hem was even with the knee, and he managed several glances at her firm calves and thighs. Where do those thighs end?" he asked himself and his imagination ran wild at the thought. He gave the waiter a credit card and they waited for its return. He added a generous tip, signed the slip, and then removed the duplicate with his card and returned them to his wallet.

As they started to leave, he got up and assisted her to rise. As she did, the chair caught her skirt and lifted it to expose a generous thigh all the way to the hip. The waiter's mouth was agape and he stepped to shield her from his eyes. Once outside she thanked him... Teasingly, he said that he did it only to preserve it for his own eyes, and the view was much better up close. She smiled and leaned into him to push him with a shoulder. Again his eyes, like a strong magnet, were drawn to her breasts. She looked up into his face and noticed his attraction to them. She smiled and he turned red.

She told him not to be embarrassed, that it had been a long time since a man had looked at her that way, and that she was pleased by the attention. As he walked her home, he enjoyed her company. He even asked her to walk around the block with him before going in. They made five slow trips around the block, and as they approached her home again, she asked him if he'd come in for coffee. He didn't want to have her bother making coffee, and she said that she had some ice cream and cold coke in the refrigerator. He asked what flavor of ice cream -- ha!! As if he'd ever say no for any flavor.

They sat at the table in the kitchen eating, sipping and talking. She left and returned a few moments later in a soft robe. The robe was bunched and tied around her waist. The top was a nearly transparent veil sewed onto the body of the robe. She had loosened her hair and it fell loosely around her shoulders. Her skin was creamy and delicious looking. As she sat sideways on the straight backed wooden chair, she crossed her legs and the robe fell open. She hurriedly grabbed, and closed it, but not before he saw that she was still wearing a matching black panty. He was sitting back from the table when it happened, but instantly his embarrassment was back. His trousers literally leaped under the pressure.

Now it was his turn to be embarrassed -- and it showed. His face was a vivid red as he tried to scoot the chair forward. She smiled and looked at him, and then she held out her hand. As the fingers closed, she reminded him that he'd been her knight at the restaurant when the waiter was so intrigued.

And then, to his astonishment, she suggested that they stop worrying about embarrassing each other. She redressed her legs and opened the top of the robe a little. She said, "Now I feel more comfortable. What are you going to do?"

He thought and then looked and closely examined her legs and the cleft between her breasts. He gulped twice and then pushed the tent down. It sprang right back up and she grinned. She said "I haven't dated in years, and I'm totally inexperienced in bed, but I find myself wanting you to stay... Would you?" That infernal rise in his pants stood even taller, and she reached over and held him through the cloth.

The moment she'd touched him, he felt as if he'd climax. Fortunately, he didn't. He moved the chair closer and kissed her. She kissed him right back, and their passions were kindled. He fumbled with one hand at her waist and the other above the waist. She placed one hand on his cheek and moved her fingers softly down to the jaw. The other hand began kneading him through the cloth.

At last he had the robe open, pulled it back and let it slide to the floor. His eyes were popping. There is nothing like the body of a beautiful woman, and she was generously endowed in every aspect -- and in every aspect she WAS a woman.

He pushed her back, apologized, and stared. His eyes drank her in: the softness of her belly, the beautifully full breasts, the generous hips and thighs. Her nipples and areoles were magnificent. And the thighs he'd wanted to explore to the top were open before him. A soft blond tuft of hair attracted his gaze, and he could see the beginning outline of her lips beneath it.

She had shifted her attention now, and moved both hands to his belt. She released it and unzipped his fly. She asked him to stand, and when he did, she reached beneath the fly, and held him. His pants fell to the floor and he stepped out and kicked them away. Still holding him she used the second hand to reach behind and pull his briefs down. His manhood stood straight out, maybe it pointed a bit toward the ceiling, as she put both hands on it.

He pulled her close and kissed her lightly, she returned the kiss fervently, each holding the other in a most private manner. With both of her hands on him, he had to reach around them to hold and explore the area around and below her blond tuft. His fingers traced the area between inner thigh and lip, and then slowly moved to the lips and began tracing them softly. 

She snuggled more closely and seemed to push her hips against his hand. Slowly his fingers entered and explored the entry point. He used them to spread and massage the lips. He found her clit and went to work. He squeezed it between index and middle fingers and stroked it with the inside of both fingers. Slowly she relaxed and his hand slid back further, stroking and then fondling, and then stroking and again fondling. Her clit became aroused and firm beneath his fingers.

She repeatedly stroked him; she placed a thumb on the head and spread the eye she found there. She formed a ring with the fingers of one hand and placed it around the head of his cock. The second hand began rubbing the palm across the head. He felt electrified with the sensation. She released the ring, and cupped his balls and then slowly ran her fingers across the pouch and lightly applied squeeze pressure.

He couldn't stand it -- he wanted to satisfy this lady and not prematurely ejaculate. He dropped to his knees and placed his arms around her hips. Still standing, he pushed his face into that blond patch. She shivered and raised one keg slightly. Instantly he was in and kissing her thighs. His lips followed the furrowed path that his fingers had made a few minutes before. He kissed those lips and used them to spread hers. Now he was in her pussy and kissing every part of it. His tongue came out, stiffened with excitement, and it continued the exploration. He formed a purse with his lips around her clit and put his tongue to work.

She felt the immense pleasure and whispered asking him to let her sit before she fell. He pulled away as she carefully and slowly managed to sit down, and then he returned to his pleasant tasks. As he worked, her hands went to the top of his head and her fingers through his hair. She pulled him in closer and her hips began to come alive. She was on the edge of the chair and he sat on the floor in front of her. His arms rewrapped themselves around her hips. He too, pulled her closer.

Slowly, he could taste the juices being released, and it excited him further. He used his mouth and lips in every way he could think of and enjoyed all of it. She shivered and then shook as a small orgasm raced through her and out her hips. He enjoyed knowing of the intense pleasure he was giving her, and doubled his effort. 

She responded with equal fervor, and in the quiet of her own home she moaned with increasing passion. The sound coming from her throat raised his excitement again -- he was at DefCon 5 now (his excitement was at its highest alert). Her hands and arms seemed to pulse and then spasm as she pulled him into her. His fingers and tongue were fully involved and she climaxed repeatedly for what seemed ten minutes. The juices filled his eager mouth and he worked steadily at releasing her, at pleasing her, and at ensuring that nothing got away from him.

Slowly, she ground to a stop and he eased the action of his tongue and mouth. She settled against the back of the chair, breathing hard and rapidly. Her eyes were closed and her mouth fully opened. As her breathing slowed, she opened her eyes and smiled at him. She said softly "Thanks" and leaned forward to kiss his lips, she could taste herself on him and it was exciting, but she had work to do and needed time to recover.

Slowly she stood again, on shaky legs, and held her hand to his. She grasped it firmly, bent to pick up discarded clothing, and then pulled him toward the bedroom. The room was definitely a ladies boudoir and he saw the huge four postered bed covered with a canopy. There was a soft comforter covering it. He helped her fold the comforter and put it on a chair. Then she pulled the top sheet and covers back fully and laid them on the floor at the foot of the bed. The sheets were freshly laundered and smelled clean. The sheet was a perfectly white satin and there were three large satin covered pillows at the top of the bed.

As they sat, they sank only slightly into the mattress. She forced him to lie back against one of the pillows and removed the briefs around his knees, his shirt and his socks. He lay naked before her. His senses and cock were fully engaged and he ramrod stiff. She smiled and curled her knees beneath her as she bent over his hips. Before she started, she raised her face to his lips, smiled, and kissed him passionately. Their tongues did a minuet and then a tango together.

Again she lowered her face to his member and kissed it softly before holding and wrapping her lips around it. At first, she took in only the head, but she did everything with it except turn it loose. She was humming softly while she worked -- a definite arousal factor for him. Every now and then she would pull her lips back, tilt her head to face him, and smile while her tongue danced on him.

She brought one arm around his waist from below and the other to his pulsing cock. She drove her head down onto him and pulled his hips up to meet her. Again and again she worked on him. He wanted her desperately but wanted to hold out long enough to complete his foreplay. When she climaxed again, he wanted it to be with his own climax. His hands went to her huge breasts and he cupped them and massaged their softness. He squeezed each nipple and pulled softly while letting them slide between his fingers. 

He repeatedly worked on her breast while she worked on him. Suddenly, she let out another moan and she climaxed, the pleasure was too much, he lost control and he climaxed. Each time he felt a spasm in his cock, he pushed forward, and she met him with an eager and passionate mouth. Before, not a drop had ever escaped while they'd pleasured each other. They caught it and enjoyed it -- this time when she climaxed, he was busy elsewhere. As he realized what had happened, he pulled himself up, quickly, and bent to prevent loss of anything further. Later they'd find that only the barest spot had gotten away from him.

They lay back curled in each others' arms and rested. After awhile, she started talking and wanted to know about him. He too, asked more questions. His mind was never satisfied -- he always wanted to know more. They talked and talked, and then he squeezed her and started to crawl between her legs. She let out a soft squeal and rolled him over and crawled on top of him. She straddled one of his legs and scrubbed t with her pussy. 

When she was stimulated again and moist, she bent and lubricated him with her mouth. She then sat up on her knees and placed one on each side of his hips. She smiled and grabbed him and stroked herself with the head of his cock. They were now better lubricated, and she inserted it part way and rode him slowly. As she rode she squeezed her pussy and as each time she lowered herself on him she allowed it a little deeper. It was large enough to excite, and comfortably spread the lips and walls of her cunt as it sank. Finally, he was fully inserted and she began the serious task of love making. She fucked him slowly and rapidly. She fucked him deeply and shallowly. She squeezed him and she enjoyed him as he exercised control over his own cock.

When she was feeling filled and yearning for fulfillment, he started a 'different' motion and held her hips down firmly on his thighs. She began, again, to climax. How often can she feel this way, after so long, and in one night she wondered. Almost in response they came together.

They again lay down, this time with his head nested between her sumptuous breasts. From his vantage point, he examined and marveled at those breasts. He played with the nipples and occasionally held them firm. He blew softly on the nipples and pulled them over and into his mouth where he used his tongue, lips and mouth to tease them. He suckled them.
