 This story is mine. Its also on another site. I own all rights. Enjoy. 

*

We are walking in the park after a formal dinner, hand in hand. Its quiet, warm. The crickets are loud in their mating calls. Our conversation is small, polite. I'm sneaking furtive glances up at you, so happy as I am to have finally landed a date with you after months of sly innuendos and unnecessary lingering touches. I knew we would end up here eventually. I wanted to get to know the man behind the height... The long legs and tapered fingers that I fantasized about having curled inside me every night. The wicked smirk followed by an innocent blush that gave your thoughts away...

I hear a crack of thunder and see lightning in the distance. Its so loud that it startles me, making me squeak and grab onto your sleeve tighter. The sky opens up and it begins to rain, darkening every surface around us and instantly soaking through my dress. I run to get out of it because we are both dressed so nice. I don't want our clothes ruined by mud.

You easily catch up to me and push me against the nearest tree trunk. My back is flat against the rough surface. The pieces of bark that are flaking off are digging into my back. You push both hands above my head with one of yours to where both of my wrists are pinned in between your long fingers. You cover my mouth with the other.

"Don't fucking move or i will punish you... Don't say a word unless i tell you to. Do you understand me?" you growl into my ear. Its all I can do to nod. Your strong fingers are pressing into my mouth. I want so badly to dart my tongue out to taste your skin. You smell so divine, so masculine. I barely restrain myself.

Then you remove your tie and tie it around my head, covering my eyes. You slowly walk away until I can't feel you near me, though I can still feel your eyes on me, boring into my over sensitive skin. I instantly feel bereft; your presence was comforting to me.

Your absence persists for a few minutes more. I'm cold and wet, and I can't see a thing. All I can hear is my heavy breathing and the steady rain. The rain is heavy, causing puddles around my feet. The light rhythm of the rain on the thick foliage is little comfort for my over sensitive hearing. My heart is in my throat. I suddenly find that I am quite scared of my solitude in this dark abandoned park.

I suddenly hear a twig snap to my left and I jump and squeak.

"Hello? Is that you? Oh, god, please..." I whimper pathetically.

Silence.

Another twig snaps, and I jump again. My dress is soaked through and my hair is plastered wetly to my forehead. I know at any moment I can just remove the makeshift blindfold and walk the rest of the way home by myself but my curiosity is getting the better of me.

I desperately want to know what you are up to. I want to finally see the side of you that i know is hiding just under the surface.

Suddenly, I feel a single fingertip slide gently down the bridge of my nose and over my lips, tracing the outline of them... Down my jawbone and neck to slide sensually over my collarbones. I shiver for another reason entirely now, but I find myself calmed.

I know it's you. I know you won't hurt me. But I also know that deep down, I kinda want you to hurt me, if just a little.

My heart is pounding, I whimper your name. You quietly scold me, telling me to be quiet or else. I shiver, a little thrill of fear sliding up my spine. You kiss me softly, gently, lingering for a few moments before you pull away.

You pull the straps of my thin white dress down my shoulders. I can feel the transparent material pooling around my waist. My nipples turn to hard little pebbles. I can feel water collecting on the tips of them, then dripping off into the earth below. I wore my dress sans bra due to it being backless. I thought it was sexy at the time, but now I am regretting it. I move to cover up my nudity by crossing my arms. I can feel my skin heat in embarrassment, the rain dripping slowly down my breasts in tiny droplets racing one another to be absorbed into the silk of my dress. I feel a sharp sting as you slap my hands away, making me jolt.

You growl at me, "You're not pleasing your master..."

I whimper quietly, biting my lip. I can feel my pulse racing. I try to form my mind around the foreign word.

Master. Slave. A taboo relationship. The thought is completely erotic. Hypnotic.

You continue, growling in my ear, your lips softly grazing the lobe, "Your master requires full view at all times. You are beautiful and you shall not cover yourself."

I nod in understanding. I still can't see a thing. The rain and thunder are now deafening. So is my own heart beat.

You rake your nails down my exposed tits, raising the skin. It smarts. It feels like tiny flames licking at my skin which are instantly soothed by the cool rain. Your fingertips barely caress my nipples as you explore my upper body. I find myself holding my breath.

I'm covered in goosebumps from head to toe and my nerves are lit with suppressed passion. Suddenly, I feel your warmth mix with mine. You slide the tip of your nose up the side of my neck, inhaling my scent, then proceed to explore it slowly... gently with hot, open mouthed kisses, each time allowing your teeth to graze my skin.

My knees turn weak. I can barely stand. My panties are drenched in my arousal. Oh god, I want you like I've never wanted anything before in my entire life.

You ask in a low voice if I am ready for you. I am silent in my apprehension. I gasp when I feel your large, slightly rough hands slide along my shoulders, and down my arms before you press yourself against me, pinning me against the trunk effectively. I can feel your cold bare skin against mine. Your chest warms me. I feel your heart racing against my cheek due to our disproportionate height.

You ask me again if I am ready for you.

"Yes... Yes, please, Sir..." I whimper.

"Unzip my pants, baby girl... There's something waiting for you inside them," you whisper in my ear, your warm breath ghosting my neck.

I reach forward blindly a few inches in front of me. My fingertips graze against your bare chest, sliding down your wet skin to your hips to your belt. I fumble with it, almost forgetting that its buckled opposite of a woman's. The belt comes free with a tiny clang of metal. The button comes free with a little effort, but the zipper keeps slipping out of my wet fingers. I growl in frustration. You chuckle huskily at me and take over.

I hear the bzzzzt of metal teeth releasing from each other. You take my hands in yours and place them on your boxer briefs. I can feel how hard you are for me already through them. Eagerly I reach underneath the waistband and grasp your cock firmly, moaning in appreciation.

"Mmmm... My dirty little slut likes what she feels in her hands, does she?" you mutter. I moan again in response. That phrase... Its a dark secret of mine, enjoying being called such a degrading name, but I can't help but grow wetter from it.

I slide one of my wet hands down to your balls. They lay heavy and hot in my palm. I kneed them gently, while grasping the base in my other and begin to slowly slide my hand up the shaft to swirl my thumb around the tip and back down again. I feel you shudder in my hand and groan in pleasure.

My dress falls off completely to pool around my feet but I pay it no mind as focused as I am on your swollen member. I stand before you clad only in my tiny white lace thong and heels.

"Please... Oh god, please, Daddy..." I hear myself whimper, begging pathetically.

"What is it that you want, slut?" you growl possessively at me. I start in surprise when I feel you suddenly reach up to my head and grip my drenched hair at the base of my skull, rendering me unable to move my head at all. I feel my panties grow warmer with your blatant display of dominance.

"Fuck... I want you inside me. I crave it. I need it as badly as I need the air in my lungs..."

You chuckle again in satisfaction. "Well now... You shall have me, then. But first you're going to do something for me. Be a good little girl and Daddy will reward you..."

I instinctively drop to my knees before you and bow my head in submission, sliding my hands behind your thighs. Your grip consequently tightens on my hair with the change of position. I can practically feel you smirk down at me.

"So forthcoming... What a good little slut you're turning out to be..."

I feel you tilt my head up and press the hot head of your cock to my lips. My tongue instantly darts out for a taste. Fuck, its so good. Hot and silky, just a tiny bit salty with precum. Eagerly I lean forward to take more of you in, sliding my tongue down the shaft. Your taste makes my mouth water, and I find my throat relaxing easily to take you deeper. I hum in appreciation, settling into a comfortable rhythm. I pump my slick hand up and down your shaft and bob my head up and down, swirling my tongue over every inch of your hot skin.

The head of your cock slips out of my mouth with a tiny pop as I switch to licking up the length of every side of your member. I can feel the veins under my tongue. Your breathing becomes harsh as you start to whisper encouragingly at me.

"Oh fuck, you're so good at this. Don't fucking stop, my little slut. Mmmm..."

I start twisting both my hands up and down your shaft while simultaneously sucking on the head. Between my hands and my mouth, every inch of your exquisite cock is being worshiped. I swirl my tongue under the tiny cleft at the head. When you shudder and groan out loud, thrusting into my mouth, I smile inwardly. Your arousal has me so fucking wet that I am dripping down my thighs.

I can tell you're getting close, so I once again pop your cock out of my mouth but this time I sink a little on my heels and lean under you, taking your balls into my mouth and sucking gently on them while still pumping both of my hands up and down your shaft. I feel pins and needles shoot up my legs with the change of position but I don't care as focused as I am on pleasing you.

When I start humming in pleasure, I hear you groan, grunting my name and feel a hot splash land on my chin, neck, and tits. I can only imagine what I must look like.

"What a gorgeous sight you are, covered in my cum. You're mine now. You've pleased me so... Now its my turn."

You grab my hands again, gripping them tightly in one of yours, and lift them over my head, pulling me to my feet. I'm not able to move my hands at all. You turn me around to face the trunk of the tree again. I squeak in surprise since I can't see what you're doing as I hear you drop to your knees behind me. My legs instantly spread wider for you. I'm completely exposed, vulnerable...and so incredibly aroused that I can feel my pussy pulsing in need.

You bend me forward at the hips and tell me to place my hands on the tree and keep them there. You make me jump when you literally tear my panties from me so that I am completely naked save for my shoes. Then I feel you run a fingertip down my spine to the seam of my ass. I shudder in pleasure, whimpering. You spread my thighs apart a little further, exposing me even more. I blush in embarrassment, even though I know you can't see my face.

"Look at that... So pretty, spread open for me. My heart is pounding incredibly fast... I've got to have a taste, little one," you whisper against my spine.

I whimper and nod my consent. A few heartbeats pass before I feel your hot tongue swirl against my ass cheek. I jump in surprise, not expecting you there. You grip me firmly by the hips, sliding your tongue over my skin to the other cheek then down the valley between. The sensations of the cool rain pelting my skin and your hot tongue sliding sensually over my ass are wreaking havoc on my senses.

I moan out loud in pure delight when you suddenly slide a finger between my lower lips and over my clit. I almost cum right then and there, as turned on as I am. I hear you chuckle against my ass, then feel you blow warm air on my exposed lips.

"Look how wet you are for your master. You're actually pouring for me. I'm going to enjoy this..."

I shudder in anticipation. I feel my knees buckle when you finally lean forward and lick along my seam, swirling your tongue around my clit and sliding a single long digit up inside my hot sheathe. You curl your finger inside me, brushing the roof then add another. Your fingers reach much farther than my own have ever been able to, and I come apart right then, shuddering and whimpering, almost collapsing in pure bliss.

"Mmm... Good, little girl... Cum for Daddy. Then I'm going to make you do it again and again. Don't fucking hold back..." you growl possessively against my throbbing cunt, your lips grazing my own.

You add another finger and start pumping them, curling them inside me in a come hither gesture while sucking on my clit, swirling your tongue over it again and again. At this moment I am moaning so loud that I can't hear anything else but my own voice. When you slide your pinky in my ass, I cum again, except this time, I really do collapse.

You catch me in your arms and lower me to the ground until I am on all fours and you are directly behind me. You press my shoulders down so that my hips are up in the air and my face is against the cool, slick grass. All I can smell is rain and the earth. I am still coming down from my high, shuddering and pulsing... Whimpering. I don't think I can take much more.

I'm instantly proven wrong.

"I'm not finished with you yet, love..."

I shiver in delicious anticipation. I feel your swollen cock brush against my ass. It seems it didn't take you long at all to be ready again. You're hot and hard against my cold wet skin. I want you inside me so fucking bad at this moment that I ache from head to toe. I groan out loud when you brush the head of your cock against my hard little nub. I hear you answer in kind, a deep feral growl that makes me shudder.

"Please... Please, I'm begging you to fuck me, Sir..." I whimper, my voice muffled by the cold earth. My face is flaming in mortification. I'm spread out with my ass in the air in the middle of a park. I still have a little cum on my tits that hadn't yet washed away with the rain and I'm drenched from head to toe. My make up is probably running down my face. I'm a mess but I don't care as long as I can feel you fucking me into the earth.

I hear you chuckle darkly behind me. "I'm sorry, I didn't hear that, love. Did you say you wanted me to fuck you?"

"Yes..."

I am startled by a loud smack. It takes me a second to realize that my ass is stinging and a second more to realize that you had spanked me. The noise I make is a cross between a whimper in pain and a moan in pleasure.

"Yes, what, slave?"

Another smack, but on my other cheek. Again, I whimper.

"Yes... Yes, Master..." I hear myself say. The word still feels foreign but I find myself oddly fascinated and turned on by it.

"Good girl... Begging for my cock like that makes me so damn hard for you. What a wonderful surprise this night is becoming..."

Another chuckle. Then, without warning, you plunge into me to the hilt.

I literally scream. Holy fuck, it's better than I could have ever imagined. You thrust inside me again and again, pressing my chest into the grass. I am holding my hands out in front of me, trying to gain purchase enough to hold on for dear life. Each powerful thrust resounds in a loud smack of our flesh. The angle that you are at is bringing the head of your cock up to brush my g spot and its not long before the pressure begins to build again.

"Oh yes... You're mine now, baby girl..." you growl in my ear, pulling me back onto your cock until I am kneeling with my hands against the tree in front of me. One of your hands are wrapped around my chest to my breast, the other is sliding between my legs, over my lower lips and between them to play with my engorged clit.

I am so close...

"Don't cum until I tell you, slut..." you hiss into my ear, swirling two of your long fingers over my clit, back and forth, while thrusting up behind me. I find its a very good thing we are on a slight hill because otherwise this position would have been impossible due to our foot height difference.

I'm quivering with the need to cum, shaking with restraint, but the build up feels so good, I just let go and enjoy it, no longer caring what I look like, or if someone might see us, or even that its so cold and wet that I will undoubtedly be sick next week. I just don't want you to stop.

Your hot breath ghosts my ear as you moan my name. My god, it sounds so sexy from your lips.

I can feel you throbbing inside me with the strain of holding back; I know you're close, too. I'm taken by surprise when I am suddenly flipped to my back. My legs are now thrown over your shoulders and you're plunging into me with renewed fever.

I grope in front of me, looking for your legs or arms, something to hold onto. You instead intertwine our fingers and press my hands on either side of my head. I can't move. I can't see. All I can focus on is the hard cock inside me and your sexy voice whispering my name and telling me how much of a dirty little slut I am for being so wet and so flexible for you.

I'm screaming and thrashing, so ready for my release, desperate for it.

"Please, Sir... I need to cum! Oh god, can I cum please? I'm begging you, Master...!" The words are pouring from me. I feel one of my hands is suddenly free and you had ripped the tie off of my eyes. My eyes take a minute to adjust but I can finally see your face, how intense your gaze is boring into mine.

"Since you asked so nicely, I'll grant your wish. Cum for me, little girl... Show me what a true little slut you are and squeeze my cock. Cum for me!"

I finally explode around you, screaming so loudly it hurts my throat. My back is arched completely off the grass. I can literally feel my eyes roll back into my head. You soon follow, filling me up, grunting my name between gasps. You keep thrusting, still riding through my orgasm. Waves upon waves of pleasure roll over me as I cum again, right after the first one. My chest is so tight, I can't breathe. I can't think. All I can focus on is the ecstasy.

You finally slow, then stop all together, collapsing to the side of me. In our little world of limbs and sweat, we hadn't noticed that it had stopped raining and the storm was now a distant cloud in the sky. I see stars, millions of them, in between tree limbs.

Its beautiful.

I roll to my side to face you, my head propped up on one of my hands, looking at you. You mirror me, smirking down at me in satisfaction.

"Not bad for a first date, eh?" you whisper, a devilish grin plastered all over your handsome face. I smile and laugh.

"Indeed."