 The rain was coming down in droves as I jumped over another puddle, laughing to myself as I realized how pointless that was since I was already completely drenched. I ran the rest of the way to the entryway, shivering as I jammed the key into the door and then once it gave way I sprinted up the 2 flights of marble stairs to my hallway. I quietly walked the rest of the way to my apartment door, trying not to give the neighbors more reason to think that I'm completely crazy. This brought a smile to my face and I decided to skip the last 10 feet to my door.

I got in and shut the door behind me; I stepped out of my waterlogged shoes and headed across the studio to open the windows to let the scent of the rain flood my apartment. I turned and stripped down while walking towards the bathroom, a hot shower the highest priority of the moment. 

Steam quickly filled the bathroom as I slowly stopped shivering under the steady stream of water. I turned my face against the spray and stood there, letting my cold hands slowly uncurl and regain feeling while my body acclimated back to its normal temperature. I quickly finished the rest of my shower and stepped out, drying off and discarding my towel somewhere on the way to the kitchen. 

I started some water for tea and then picked up a blanket from my bed as I went back to the windows, sitting on the hardwood floor beneath them and just listening to the rain fall outside. Hugging the blanket closer around my body, shivering slightly from a cool breeze but enjoying the moment, I leaned my head back against the wall and closed my eyes, lost in memories. A few minutes passed in this manner before my eyes snapped open as I heard a key in the lock of my door, I scrambled up and got to standing before the door opened and he stood there, the light from the hallway throwing his shadow before him into my room. I followed his eyes as he surveyed the room...or rather the chaotic mess I always seem to leave in my wake. He laughed to himself as his eyes rested upon me; taking in my disheveled hair, the open windows, and my outfit consisting of a blanket. I offered a sheepish smile in his direction before I moved to rescue the now hissing teakettle. He quietly shut the door behind him and shrugged out of his jacket, he was somehow quite dry underneath, of which I was jealous. I quickly prepared my cup of tea and turned to find him where I was once sitting, under the windows.

I gave him a bemused look and wandered over to him, he propped up his knees and spread them apart enough for me to sit down between them and lean back against his chest. I pulled the blanket up a little higher so my wet hair wouldn't completely drench his shoulder. He leaned his head down and inhaled the scent of my hair and the skin of my temple before placing his warm lips on my cheek. His arms wrapped around my torso as I brought the mug to my lips to gingerly sip the hot mint tea. I hummed in enjoyment at this simple pleasure, this content moment spent with him. 

His warm hands slid over my blanket-covered arms, gently rubbing up and down as another wave of shivers passed through my body. I leaned my head back against his shoulder and offered him my lips, of which he gently and slowly indulged in. I turned towards him a few inches, trying to get a better angle for both us as he responded by taking his left hand and removing the steaming hot tea from my hands and setting the cup away from us while his right hand moved from my arm over my shoulder towards the exposed skin of my neck. His fingers softly brushed over the muscles and veins under my taut skin before slipping lower, moving beneath the blanket to cup my left breast, feeling the smoothness of my skin and the weight resting on his fingers before he rubbed my hardening nipple in a circular motion. I murmured against his lips in pleasure as he took his time, doing a few of the things he knew would make me melt. On a particularly pleasurable squeeze I let out a small gasp and he paused his movements, lifting his head barely an inch from mine to make sure everything was ok. I offered him a small smile and brushed a kiss across his cheek as I stood and turned to face him. 

He knew what my next move was so he unzipped his jeans and pulled the material back, exposing his lack of boxers that day and the hard cock that was waiting for me as he released it from under the fold of fabric. I bit my lip as I sank to my knees on the floor on either side of his legs, letting the blanket fall over his lower thighs as I moved closer, inching myself up until I was hovering over his erect penis. I shivered as another small gust of wind curled itself over my skin, Ryan noticed the small movement and quickly grabbed the blanket and drug it up over my shoulders. 

I murmured soft thanks and then a low moan of pleasure as he caught one of my nipples between his warm lips and started to suck on the puckered bud. I put a hand on the windowsill to steady myself as I swayed slightly, the quick overdose of pleasure making me forget about everything else for a few seconds. As he moved his lips across my flesh to take in the other nipple I gasped as the brisk wind lit upon the wet skin where his tongue had just been. The hot and cold sensation was dizzying and delicious, in an effort to keep myself grounded I appraised his cloth covered chest and went to work undoing the buttons on his white oxford; wanting to feel more of his heat, more of his skin against mine. His mouth continued to roam over my skin while I finished with the buttons and then he shrugged out of the shirt as I lifted my fingers to run them through his hair. His strong hands slid over my hips while his green eyes looked up at me to make sure I was ready to ease down on him. 

I kissed his forehead and began to lower myself onto him, grimacing a little as he slowly pushed me down, he carefully watched my face for indications of pain or pleasure. The slow process wasn't from lack of want on my part, but from lack of space. His thick cock seemed to grow as I took more of him into my tight pussy; I bit my lip from the feeling of being completely filled by him and then being pushed past that point. I let out a small gasp of protest which he quickly covered with his mouth as we finished the last few inches. I sat motionless on his lap, wrapped up in how wonderful he felt, albeit slightly painful. My fingers fanned out against the windowsill to steady myself as I began to grind against him, just rocking back and forth to let my muscles relax to the position. 

He leaned his head back against the wall and closed his eyes, expressions of pleasure flitting across his face as I took my time adjusting to him. After a few more rocks a groan escaped his lips and his fingers dug into my hips, urging me up his swelling cock until I was poised at the tip, and then taking a slow ride down again. We set up this pleasurable rhythm of long, deep strokes that had my fingers digging into the windowsill while I lightly rested my forehead against his. Our breathing became synchronized to our movements, his hips rose slightly to meet mine as I settled into his lap, our eyes both down cast and watching the movements that would bring us to a blistering state of bliss.