 Thank you so much, readers, for your complimentary comments on my first post. It means the world to me to know you enjoyed reading it as much as I did putting it down for you! I hope I don't disappoint this time out.

I am a Queen...

...more specifically, the "blow-job queen", according to the guys on the crew I work with. This makes me smile. Guys are always so ready to describe a girl, according to what she's done in the past, in the most graphic of terms! Since that first rainy morning when I sucked David's dick, it has become a sort of unofficial second job (though unpaid, I might add) of mine to keep the guys happy when we can't work. My boyfriend Keith is all for it. I still don't quite understand why, but he hasn't had a jealous moment over it, and that's fine with me. I love giving oral! I love the control and I love the slow buildup of pleasure; and I especially love the taste of semen as it flows across my tongue. Lots of people think this is an acquired taste, but to date I've only given oral sex to my four coworkers and a couple of guys before I met Keith, so it's not like I've done a bunch! I guess I just enjoy the organic flavor, and the way it makes my 'lovers' smile when they watch me swallow it. So if I'm weird...so what? 

James was the second of our crew to receive 'the ultimate blessing', as they have laughingly referred to it. On that second rainy day they all three came to our apartment fully expecting to come in my mouth, and Keith had never given them any reason to think they wouldn't. James, the black guy, is also the most outgoing. He wasted no time in letting the other two know that this was an area where he was "the man to watch." His dick, as I soon found out, isn't that big – so much for the black representation of BBC! It's very average in length and thickness; but of course, when any cock is in your mouth, there is no 'average'. They're all wonderful and throbbing and strong and hard, and I love that. 

I should mention that I don't dislike the other elements of sex at all! In fact, I love normal...and sometimes not-so-normal (!)...intercourse; but Keith let me know that wasn't on the table here, and that's also fine with me. I love giving an occasional rainy-day blowjob (God help me if we have a hurricane!) but I didn't need the drama of having one or more of them falling in love with me, as often happens when 'real sex' gets involved. I'm perfectly happy with Keith for that; more so since he allowed me to do this, as well. 

Back to James. The first words out of his mouth were, "So, you want a chance to suck this, huh?" He grabbed his crotch through his shorts, indicating he was all ready. The other two stood there, smiling shyly and minding their manners. I had just gotten out of bed, and was wearing one of Keith's t-shirts and a pair of panties (I had a fleeting thought: I hoped they weren't one of the older pairs I owned, as some of them have seen better days.) Keith was still getting up out of bed, grumbling about coffee, so I told James to hold on; I had to put the coffee pot on. He took me literally, still holding himself as I turned and padded barefoot to the kitchen. I knew this was going to be an interesting day!

James, taking in the view of my butt as I walked away, voiced his approval. "Mmmmm, mmm!" he said, "I wouldn't mind some of that, either." 

"Dream on," I told him, and the rest of them laughed. I spooned grounds into the pot and added water to make ten cups, then pushed the button. It was already gurgling away by the time I had taken my favorite flavored creamer out of the refrigerator. I gave myself a quick once-over while I had the chance. The panties I had on were a pretty pink pair of hip-huggers – not a thong, fortunately - and I killed a little more time getting the sugar and cups out. I was beginning to feel really horny; my mouth was dry, but other parts were definitely not. I called out, "Who wants coffee?" and was rewarded with a chorus of "I do's." 

James said, in a high falsetto voice, "Who wants a blowjob?" and they all laughed. I smiled - I didn't think anyone wanted it more than I did! I was already feeling dicks in my mouth and hands in my hair, wondering whose would prove to be the most interesting for me. 

I poured up coffee for everyone except myself, as I didn't want to 'taint' the taste of naked skin in my mouth. They were all lounging around on the couch and on the floor. James still had one hand on his crotch, as he normally does. I gave him the first cup, advising him to "try to stay alert." He laughed. Then I sat and watched everyone as they joked and enjoyed my coffee. Randy said I made a good cup. David told him that was the least of my skills, and everyone laughed again. Then James drained the last of his, and I knew it was time to go. 

I told him to sit in the same chair that David had occupied; he said he'd stand. Then he unzipped, and with a flourish, pulled his dick out. Everyone was watching, including Keith, from the couch. There wasn't a sound in the room as I dropped to my knees in front of him and reached for it. It wasn't hard yet; it drooped kind of sadly, but it pulsed as I took it in my hand, giving me hope. 

It didn't stay soft long. As I surrounded it with my lips, I could feel it thicken and grow, and I know I dampened my panties just thinking about that. Keith is gonna get raped when these guys have gone, was my fleeting thought. Meanwhile, James was talking the whole time, narrating to the other guys how it felt and how he was going to blow his load right through the back of my head. I stopped at one point and told him to just relax and enjoy it; that it this might be his only chance to. David was more direct. He told James to "shut the fuck up, man." Randy and Keith were just watching, neither one talking. I wanted to do Randy next, and save David for last. Or Keith. I realized he might want in on this, as part of the group. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. Our time together is something I would prefer to keep private. Of course, David had already spoiled that.

James had his feet spread apart and his hands on either side of my head, holding my hair back and guiding my face as it bobbed back and forth on his cock. I felt like he was posing for the benefit of the others, but I didn't mind taking the submissive role. I was getting used to it with Keith, lately, and I was beginning to really enjoy it. I let my neck bend and allowed James to angle my head so he could force-fuck my mouth, causing me to gag slightly with some of his thrusts. And then it happened. 

I climaxed. 

I'd felt it building, but had pushed it from my mind in my efforts to please James and to keep from being choked. Then I stepped back mentally, imagined what it looked like to the others, and suddenly I felt a rush and a clenching spasm of pleasure. It wasn't a huge orgasm, but it surprised me with its force. I hesitated in my efforts, and James's dick hit the back of my throat just as I was giving in to my climax. It triggered my gag reflex and I yucked up something foul. I hadn't had anything to eat, so it was very bitter and acid-y; bile, I suppose. That certainly made my climax a conflicting sensation! 

I pushed my hands hard against James's legs and he halted while I swallowed hard. I heard someone say "Damn," but I'm not even sure who it was. I took a deep breath, then, and looked up at James. He was smiling. From then on he would brag about making me spit up, I knew, but I was determined at that moment to bring him off. I opened my mouth. He stabbed his dick back in, but I was prepared. I closed my lips around him and began to suck hungrily, and his motions eventually slowed as he gave himself over to the sheer pleasure of my mouth. From then on he was under my control. It wasn't long before I heard his sudden intake of breath, and then there was a sweet explosion on my tongue, followed by his quick thrusting as he tried to flood my mouth. There wasn't that much, but from the sounds he was making you'd have thought he was emptying his entire body inside me! I moaned my appreciation, for the others, mostly, and allowed him to jack a few more drops onto my tongue. 

His moment of glory was over, but I still had quite a few left to enjoy. As James stepped back, I turned and looked pointedly at Randy, who quickly stood up, smiling. "You're up," I said, and I never felt more like a slut than I did at that moment! It wasn't an entirely unpleasant feeling. 

Keith asked if I needed anything to drink, which I thought was sweet, but I said I was okay. I licked some of James's residue off the corners of my mouth as Randy came forward and took his place. He asked, "Mind if I sit down?" and I said I didn't. Randy apparently didn't have a problem with my pleasing him, on my own terms. He dropped his cut-off jeans and boxers and sat. That was my first view of his dick. It was standing straight up before me, as thick as my wrist, with a fat, swollen head that looked like a cotton-mouth moccasin's. Even James muttered something under his breath. My body reacted viscerally. I licked my lips again, this time to moisten them, but I'm sure it looked like I was only hungry for the slab of meat before me...and in truth, I was! 

I reached tentatively for Randy's cock. My fingers closed around it, but they didn't meet on the other side. It was hot, practically burning under my touch, and it throbbed like some beast. As for length, it wasn't much longer than the other two's, but it just seemed more...massive. I licked my lips again. Randy leaned forward, watching me as I hiked up on my knees before him. I looked up into his eyes just before my lips closed around it, and I knew there was another climax in my near future. Then I sunk onto it, letting my tongue slide down the underside as my lips caressed their way down its length. My hair fell over his legs, enclosing my face behind its curtain as I went about my work. 

It was pleasant work, for both of us. Randy, perhaps aware of the fact that he was so much better endowed than his friends, remained completely passive, allowing me to control the pace of his pleasure. And where I let James use my mouth as he pleased, I was able to [i]make love[/i] to Randy's massive member with my lips and tongue. I was writhing as I did, grinding my hips and relishing the way my labia slipped and slid against one another. I wanted to cum again, badly, this time where I could enjoy the tremors my orgasm produced inside my body. [i]And Randy's dick tasted so good[/i], I realized! Perhaps he had applied some sort of balm, or what? I tried to analyze the flavor, but couldn't put my finger on it – no pun intended. As to my fingers, my right were still wrapped around his dick, right down at the base where I couldn't possibly get my mouth to; my left were sliding under my t-shirt and inside the band of my panties. I couldn't help it. My pussy was demanding attention in the worst way! 

It only took one circular motion. As soon as my forefinger contacted my clitoris, my climax exploded over me. Randy must have felt it – my mouth relaxed as every fiber of my being concentrated on what was happening down below. Bless him, he remained perfectly still as I gasped around him, trying and failing to keep my orgasm from interrupting his pleasure. It took more than a few seconds. He remained buried inside my mouth, a constant reminder that I still had to finish him off, and one I couldn't ignore. I placed my left hand on his thigh, sticky fingertip and all, and as my own sensations subsided, I closed my lips around him again and continued my pleasuring of his still-throbbing cock. I wondered briefly if my 'audience' knew what had just happened to me, but I put it out of my mind. Hey, a girl's gotta get it where she can, right? Besides, Randy was getting close. I could tell by the way his hips were moving, slightly but with a purpose. He wasn't the exhibitionist James was, but he couldn't deny his feelings. I sucked harder, and put the tip of my tongue against the underside of his shaft where it could stimulate the glans most effectively. I heard a low grunt, and got ready. 

When it came, it was quicker and more violent than I expected. That first spurt was like a cannonball that went straight to the back of my throat, hitting my uvula like a punch. I coughed, spraying cum out of the sides of my mouth, and grasped both his legs as I instinctively drew myself upward. I wasn't quite ready when the second gush came, but I contained it, coughing again and swallowing quickly. I sucked the third out, and after that he began to squirm in the chair. I was in control again. I bobbed my head maniacally, sucking every drop, savoring the taste of his seed, which was very salty; in contrast to the taste of his skin. 

If James had any residual pride in the way he'd mastered me, he had to have reconsidered, watching me work Randy's cock with my mouth. I just about couldn't get enough of it, and knowing that it would soon shrink from my lips made me all the more hungry for it. I thought, God, how am I ever going to look at Randy the same way again? And still, I feverishly mouthed his still-erect dick, as slutty as any whore, determined to ride it to the last. Suddenly he pushed my face away from him. 

"Oh, god!" he exclaimed, "that's too fuckin' much!" 

Someone snickered. I rocked back on my legs, my hair still hanging over my face as I kept my head lowered. I couldn't look at Keith yet; my overly zealous behavior of the last minute or so was too embarrassing. I swiped at my lips with my tongue, trying to clean my mouth up. A surprising amount of sticky 'overflow' coated them, and I knew there was a fair amount on Randy's legs. I regretted the loss of that, but feasted on what I could recover from the sides of my mouth. I saw Randy's hands as they pulled his pants up, and heard him stand. Then he moved away without a word, and David took his place. 

David put his hand under my chin and raised my head. My hair fell away, and he was looking into my teary eyes. "You want a rain check?" he asked me, and I thought that was just the sweetest thing to ask me! Being older, I guess he understood better than the others what I had just experienced. I looked at him gratefully, smiled and shook my head. 

"No," I answered as brightly as I could, "I'm good." I wasn't going to waste the opportunity to have a third consecutive cock to suck! I pulled my hair back over my shoulders with both hands and glanced around at the others as David pushed his shorts down. They were watching intently, nobody saying a word. Keith winked at me, and that made my heart glad. I grinned at him, grateful to have such a generous man for a boyfriend. David sat back with his shorts around his ankles and I lowered my head, my mouth already craving the familiar taste of his dick. 

It was quick this time. I think David knew I had been working awfully hard, or else he figured Randy was a tough act to follow. In any case, his hands held my hair back so he could watch my face as I sucked, and when he got ready to cum he made sure I knew it. I swallowed his load easily, and it was the sweetest of the lot. He watched me intently as my throat worked, and I kept my eyes on his. It was erotic in so many ways! I cleaned his cock afterward, tilting my head and swiping my tongue up and around it as it flagged slowly downward. Then I kissed the top of his thigh and said, "Okay. Next?" 

Everyone laughed. James said, "Dayummm, girl!" and Randy concurred, telling the others, "That was some blowjob, boys!" David patted my cheek before rising, then put his hand out to help me up. My legs were stiff, and I almost fell into him. 

"Whoa," I muttered. "I must be gettin' old." I extended one leg, still holding David's hand, and stretched the muscles out. 

Keith said, "You gonna be able to mow?" and I answered, "Not today," which brought a chuckle from the others. It was still raining out. I was suddenly conscious of my wetness; a long streak of my own juices was making its way down the thigh of the leg I was standing on. I needed to 'freshen up' in the worst way, so I excused myself and headed for the bathroom. All eyes were following me, I knew. I shut the door, sighing as I put my back to it and let my weight rest against it. I hadn't done but an hour's work, and I was exhausted. 

"Damn, girl," I whispered, "that was intense!" 

Looking up, I saw my reflection in the mirror. I actually looked tired, but happy. Raising one hand, I brushed my hair over my shoulder and moved to the counter-top. I stared into my own face, not sure what I was looking for, but conscious that I had taken yet another step in a direction I hadn't really considered before a couple of months ago. I didn't know if the girl I saw could continue to work with these guys. Would I now be considered a whore by all of them? I didn't see a whore. I saw a girl, that's all; just a girl who liked some things as much, or maybe a little more, than most other girls. "Get over yourself," I told that girl. "If you don't make a big deal out of it, maybe they won't either." I smiled at my own face, quickly, then took a washcloth and cleaned my legs. My panties were soaked, but I didn't have another pair with me, so they'd have to do until I could change them, and hopefully, put some pants on! I felt more exposed than ever, suddenly, and I would have blushed, if I hadn't already had lots more to blush about than being dressed scantily!

The guys were finishing off the coffee pot, but Keith had saved a cup for me. I had rinsed my mouth out, reluctantly; now I was glad I had. Taking a quick sip, I realized he had even put four sugars in for me, and I smiled gratefully at him over the rim. What a guy! We joked around for a while, then Keith suggested they clear out, telling them he expected them to work twice as hard tomorrow. James said, "Oh man, you know I always work HARD!" and they laughed at his pun. I disappeared into the bedroom to change as they were leaving, not knowing quite what to say after all that, and I already had clean panties and shorts on when Keith came in, looking at me hungrily as I slipped the t-shirt off over my head. I looked at him, trying to judge the look on his face. He smiled, his face crinkling up.

"Yeah?" I asked him, and he answered, "Oh hell yeah!" He let me undress him, and I was thinking, life is good! as he pulled me down onto the bed. 

There have been a few more rainy mornings since, but I haven't done all three guys consecutively, like this time. Keith told them to come over at different times, if they were going to come at all. They did, of course! Oh, and I hinted at a change in my life at the end of my last story, so I should tell you – I met a girl.