 It's been pouring all day and you are drenched and shivering. Your tits are pressed tight against the shirt, the water making it cling perfectly around your tits. The bottom of your shirt falls just above your fine ass. You have to pull it down around your ass to cover it. Water is running down your body and your hair is a wet tangle of knots. I don't even know you and I'm taken aback by the sexy sight before me. I'm speechless. You grab onto me shivering and whisper in my ear, "Please.... I'll make it up to you."

I barely stammer a, "come in." I watch your now bare ass as you walk by me. I grab you a couple of the biggest towels I have and close the door behind me. My dick is rock hard and I can barely stop myself from trying to peak in the door. Just before I do I hear you shout, "Hey could you come in and help me really quick?" I wait a few seconds and then open the door to a sight from my dreams.

Your drenched shirt is now a puddle on the floor. You are totally naked now and you are bending over drying off your legs. Your round tight ass catches my eye and leads me up your back around your neck following your hair over your shoulder and down to your magnificent tits. Your hair ends just before your tit and drops of water are still running down over your rack. I see one drop of water trying to cling to your hard nipple until it finally falls to the ground. You see me with my mouth open and flash a sultry smile and ask if I like what i see. I blush and say yes and ask what you needed. You hand me the towel and ask if I can dry your back for you. I say yes and wait for you to turn around but you instead grab my shorts and pull them off saying it's not fair that I'm not naked. I agree and strip down. I wait for you to turn again but you still don't and say that I have to dry you from the front so that the body heat can help warm you. I notice that you keep licking your lips and staring at my huge cock. I step closer and stop just before our bodies touch. 

I begin to dry off your back. I reach lower and step closer which pushes your tits against my chest. My dick brushes against your thigh and I barely hear you moan. I begin to dry your ass and feel your hands run down my stomach towards my cock. I begin to massage more than dry your ass. Your hands finally brush against my cock which makes me tense and grip your ass. This makes you moan again and grab my dick. I stop and pull away not wanting to break my morals. You simply pull my dick back to you and begin to make out with me. Your hand is stroking my cock and I push you against the wall and grab your ass with both hands and pull you towards me. This causes the tip of my cock to slide into your hot pussy. You moan and drop yourself onto my cock. You scream and grip my back as my whole dick fills your pussy. I grab you by the waist and lift you off of me. I tell you no and begin to leave. You ask if you can take a shower to heat your body. I say it's fine. I leave once more and lean against the door, my cock begging for release, my mind thinking things I shouldn't. It's been two minutes and I hear you call for me again. I come in and ask what you need. 

You open the curtain and your body is covered in steam and water running down over your tits, making little waterfalls. You hand me a bar of soap and point to your back again. I say fine but that's it. I get in with you and you won't let me around. I try to slide past you, making your tits slide over my nipples and my dick catches on your hip. Just before I pull around I feel your hand wrap around my cock, lathering it in soap. As I pull away you tighten your grip and I moan as my dick pops from your smooth hand. I see you wink and smile. I begin to run the bar of soap around your back. 

I begin to soap your ass. You bend over so your fine ass is inches from my dick and say, "this will be easier to soap me up now." I soap your ass and use my other hand to rub it in. I grab your ass to keep from slipping and you moan again. I then keep squeezing and rubbing your ass which makes you grab my cock with both your soapy hands. I moan and let the bar slide down your crack. You moan again and pull hard on my cock. I then drag the soap across the lips of your pussy. I play with your pussy lathering it in soap as you play with my soap covered cock. I ask if you needed some help with your front. You moan yes. I reach my hands around you as you stand up and grab both your tits and pull you towards me. My soapy engorged dick is now nestled below the curve of your ass and the shaft is pressed against your pussy. I play with your nipples, flicking little bubbles off of them. You moan and begin to slide your pussy over my cock. I squeeze your tits and bite your neck. You moan louder and slide harder on my cock. The hot water has washed off all the soap form my cock but it is still slick from your pussy leaking all over it. I bite your ear and whisper, "Bend over." You do and I barely wait before I slam my cock all the way into your hot moist pussy. You scream in ecstasy. You put your hands on the tub nozzle to hold yourself up. I slap your soapy ass and fuck you hard. I smile as I listen to you scream in pleasure and watching your wet tits swing back and forth. I hear you shout that you are cumming and I grab your hip with on hand and pull your hair so I can hit your pussy just that much harder. You lose it and cum all over my cock. Normally I let you catch your breath before pounding you but I continue pounding your ass and spanking you as you're cumming. 

Barely after you finish you hear me moan and scream which drives you crazy. I drag my nails down your back and fuck you even faster. You cum again and this time I plow into you and it in deep as I can and cum inside you. This pushes you over the edge and your legs give out and you're only held up by my hands and my cock. I pull out and you look at me and I say, "Sorry it looks like I didn't help you get dry." And with that I spank your ass and grab a towel. I started to dry off and watched you get out of the shower, drops of water sprinkling off your tits with each step. 

You reach for the towel and ask if I need help drying off. I tell you yes but you have to do it from the front. You smile and step right into my body. My limp dick begins to stir. I grab your tit with one hand and your neck with the other and make out with you while pulling on your tit. You get on your tip toes to get the towel over my head which places your tits right in my face. I lick and play with one and pinch the other one. You would moan and I would take your nipple in my mouth and suck hard. Every time I would suck and pull on your nipple I would squeeze your boob. You moan and drop from tippy toes right onto the shaft of my dick. You moan and pull me closer with the towel which makes my dick slide over her pussy. You ask if I need help with my front. I say yes and especially this because it's really wet for some reason, as I'm sliding my cock across your pussy. I bite your neck and listen to you moan in my ear as I keep sliding my dick back and forth. You dry your way down to my waist and get on your knees. You dry off my long hard dick and keep drying all the way down to my feet. 

You then look up to see my cock pointing at your mouth. You lick your lips as you look up at me and take the tip of my dick into your mouth. You smile as you see my lips part into a moan and take more of me into your mouth, swirling your tongue around as you go. I place my hands on the wall and watch your head bob up and down. I watch your lips slide over my cock inch by inch. I moan louder and you pick up the pace sucking harder. I'm just about to cum when you pull away. I look to see why and your eyes are closed, mouth open, and your tits are pressed towards me. I moan more and begin to stroke my cock. I aim for your round tits and cum hard. The first shot lands right in your mouth and your lips close around it with a moan. The second hangs off your lips for a second before dropping onto your tit. The other three splatter all over your rack. You take your hands and rub the warm cum into your tits, moaning as you feel the warm drops of cum on your tits. You twirl your finger around your nipples rubbing the cum in. 

PJ‰