 Adam and Ashlynn have been just friends long enough! One stormy day, their lust thunders through them, and it's finally too hot to handle. Read on for heat, sex and romance. And vote if you enjoy it!

*****

He had just sat down with a hot tea and xbox controller when the storm that was raging outside finally beat out the stalwart electricity lines, leaving him in the twilight grey of a rainy day. A pulse of fear ran through his system before the power outage registered. Sighing with slight frustration at not being able to binge game on a rainy day, he began to get the candles and fireplace prepared for a day of no electricity. 

***

She was running on empty in what she completely believed to be a hurricane with the gallons of water pouring down on her poor rusty car. She wasn't more than two miles from her house, but she wasn't going to walk home in the torrential downpour. That was just plain dangerous and stupid. Feeling the last ditch effort of her car, she pulled it off the main road she was on. Luckily her best friend Adam was just a few short blocks away from this area of town. 

Getting out of the car, she pulled up her hood and started a quick jog to his place when she saw the lightning strike. With a the majestic clash that only the power of nature could create, the bolt pierced the grounded electrical pole a few hundred feet away. Her eyes popping with the light, she gave a shout of sheer joy of the power as she continued down the street. 

***

Blowing out the match that started the fire in his fireplace, Adam turned to make another cup of hot tea, the perfect pairing with the Sherlock Holmes story he was currently reading. With another bellow of the thunder outside he heard a knock at the door. Checking through the peephole, he saw his favorite person in the world, Ashlynn. 

He opened the door with a grin that slid away when he realized she was soaked to the bone and shivering. Teeth chattering, she was smiling up at him in that way that made his heart race and his mind wander to places of wonder. The smile that said follow me and we'll find an adventure. 

***

He had loved Ashlynn since he first laid eyes on her, eight years ago at that stupid freshman gathering that their college made them all go to. Most of the guys had noticed her eventually while she stood next her model tall and stunningly blonde roommate standing aloof in the corner of the hall. He waited for the right opportunity to approach, about to strike up a conversation about classes and how stupid this mixer was, when she grabbed his hand and dragged him to the dance floor to start off the rest of the party, and the rest of their lives together. Just barely catching her name at the end of the night with the pounding of the speakers and the shrieks of laughter from everyone around them, he knew he was a goner when he saw that smile. 

Finding ways to constantly run into her filled his weekend, and all for naught since they were in classes together anyways. They hit it off famously from that meeting onward. Enjoying the same musical tastes, laughing at the same movies and smoothly transitioning this common ground into a great friendship; they were two peas in a pod. But he never pushed boundaries, rather thinking of a future where they could easily slip into a relationship after building this friendship. He took those warning stories of freshman romances seriously. Rather than committing anything to anyone, let alone Ashlynn, he enjoyed the typical young guy's college relationship experiences. 

And instead of being overtly jealous, he rather sat back and was the constant shoulder to cry on for Ashlynn when the jerks she got involved with ran through the same patterns in her life. Sure, he was in the "friendzone," but he wouldn't have it any other way. He knew when the time was right, he would win his Ashlynn. 

***

There he was, tousled and gorgeous as always in his baggy sweatpants and that old baseball practice shirt. It was her favorite shirt of his. She would always steal it from him any chance she got in college, though she didn't know why. It was a stupid crush back then, and he never reacted in any way when she wore it. Let alone when she would drag the next dude or bro in front of his face. But she was too cold to remember all that disappointment now. She was out of his league apparently, and firmly rooted in the dreaded friendzoned for the last eight years. 

"C-ca-can I come in p-p-please?" she gasped in the cold. 

"What the heck are you doing out in this?" he replied with that grin of his that was saved only for her, the one that laughed at the world with her in their own private joke.

Stepping into the small one bedroom house, she replied "I was on my way back from work, and didn't have enough gas, and the stations were closed because of the storm! Well badda-bing badda-boom here I am. My car is a few blocks away, can I just stick this out with you for the night?"

"Two bodies to keep warmer and all that, right? Ha, yeah you're welcome anytime, you know that. I should have some hot water still if you want a hot shower, go for it. Borrow anything you want, of course. Ill make you some tea." 

While she went to the bedroom with its bathroom and hot shower, he put another kettle on to heat up, loving once again his old 1950s tiny bungalow of a home that was still on gas everything. Hearing the shower turn on, he stepped into the bedroom to grab his extra blankets, planning on putting them in front of the fireplace to heat up. Just as he was grabbing some from the chest at the foot of his bed, the bathroom door opened with a flood of candlelight and steam... and there she was, gloriously naked. 

Shocked, they both stared at each other for seconds, one pair of eyes roaming a body, the other going wide with embarrassment. 

"God! Sorry God, Im so dumb! Ah!" With a tiny scream she slammed the door. Adam, still bent over the chest stayed still, holding the perfect image of her in his mind, making sure it seared into his brain forever. With a squeak from the other side of the door he realized that Ashlynn was trying to explain something to him

"- towels in here, I was going to find one in your room. Sheesh, Adam, I'm so sorry, I am so embarassed!" 

"More like em-bare-assed" he chuckled back through the door. He grabbed a towel for her and knocked. She opened the door a crack and peeked through to see he had a hand over his eyes, but was comically peering through his fingers. Poking his tongue out at her, he handed over the towel with the other saying, "My eyes! They burn!" 

Snatching the towel from his hands she once again slammed the door, this time in his face and with a huff of disapproval at his joke. 

"Get out of here, you Perv!" she shouted back at him, as he walked away laughing. 

***

He now had the biggest hard on ever. Dammit, he knew Ashlynn had a gorgeous body, but assuming and seeing the real thing were two very, very different things. He was walking funny around his hard cock, the scrape of the material over the sensitive head was not helping matters... that and the image of Ashlynn's amazing body in his mind. He sat down in front of the fire, thinking of trying to sneak a quickie session in so that he could stay in control for the rest of the night. Knowing Ashlynn and that storm, they were going to bundle up together all night, and having a semi was embarrassing enough, but a full hard on? 

He put his hand down the front of his sweatpants, just pulling and tugging on the material of this underwear, letting the sensation of the cloth tease his cock. He stared into the fire, but the burning sensation in the pit of his gut was from the image in his mind of Ashlynn, naked, and steamed up. He cupped his balls that were drawing tight to his body and pulled them away, giving a nice rolling motion to each through the material. With a quick glance at the door of his bedroom to see if anything had changed with Ashlynn, he finally let his hand fist his cock, with his ears trained on the sound of the shower running. 

Palming the head of his penis, he rolled his hand around, then squeezed tight and pushed down the shaft to the base, gripping tight there. He loved doing this, it made his cock extra hard and teased the sensitive head to heighten the sensation when next he touched it. After another long squeeze, he dropped into his regular rhythm of a few short quick strokes, interrupted with long hard pulls. He pictured Ashlynn in his mind giving him this hand job, and wanted it to last forever. God, his balls were churning with cum, and while he knew he should just finish up, he couldn't resist the fantasy in his head. Ashlynn, with her pretty pink lips and ocean blue eyes, kneeling beneath his hard dick, fisting it with her delicate hands. 

His breathing hiked up, this fantasy was really working for him, and it was becoming hard to stifle any groans that he was making. Ashlynn, and her naked body, were going to become a big part of his routine. 

"Damn, Ashlynn. That feels so freaking amazing!" 

***

She stood silently at the door to his bedroom, watching Adam as he stroked and pulled on his gorgeous dick. He was about seven inches long, and had a nice girth to him. The head of his cock was just the right size bigger than the shaft, and she knew it would feel amazing penetrating her soaking wet pussy. She couldn't see his balls from here, but she liked knowing that he played with them while he masturbated. His attempts to silence his groans were turning her on more and more when he let them escape. 

"Damn, Ashlynn. That feels so freaking amazing!"

He was thinking about her? He was thinking about her! "Well of course he would, any guy should after seeing a naked girl, that's the easiest to get off to!" said the self doubting voice in her head. 

"Or, he has always wanted you..." a softer, yearning voice whispered. 

Well, now is my chance to know, she replied to the two thoughts. 

***

Oh, he was getting so close now, but he didn't want it to stop! He loved this teasing, playful Ashlynn that he had never experienced before, his fantasies were definitely taking an interesting turn tonight. 

His strokes quickened even more, and he was breathing like bellows, his balls drawing tight to his body...

And he let go! Sucking in breath, his cock was throbbing with the built up pressure of attempting to cum, and being denied right on the brink. The head was bobbing frantically, searching for attention from his hand again. He loved to edge himself, it caused the best build up. 

Dammit, he thought to himself, I have to finish, Ashlynn must be out of the shower by now. 

He opened his eyes, expecting the fireplace and empty room. But for the second time this day, he got an eyeful of a beautiful, naked, and wet Ashlynn. She was kneeling beside him, her eyes darting between his rampant cock and his own eyes. 

"... Ashlynn!" 

In one swift move, she leaned forward and kissed him, a searing hot kiss that left him breathless, and then she grabbed his extremely sensitive cock, and he felt like he was going to explode. 

He took her hand and pulled it off of his penis, grabbing it to his chest as she pulled back from the kiss, a look of shame and hurt in her eyes. 

"I'm sorry, I'm an idiot, I thought I heard you say my name, I thought you wanted me-"

"Ashlynn, I- ."

"And then you stopped and I just couldn't stop myself, you are just so hot- "

"I -You think I'm hot?"

"Of course you're hot, you idiot"

She pulled off of him, and tried to take her hand back, finally embarrassed enough to try to cover herself. 

"I'm just- just going to go now!" She had tears in her eyes.

"Ashlynn, please listen to me for a second?" He pulled some of the fire heated blankets on top of the both of them to cover their nakedness saying, "I can't concentrate on this if you're... well, you, in all that glory," he chuckled, took her hand, a deep breath, and dove in. 

"Ashlynn, I love you." 

***

"Ashlynn, I love you." 

Did he just say that, or was she having a mental break after the most embarrassing turn of events ever: being rejected by the love of her life?

"And I mean I am head over heels, give you the moon in love with you, and have been for a long time."

If this was her brain breaking, it was doing a damn fine job of it. 

"I have wanted to be with you for so long that it feels as though my whole life has only ever been about loving you. I've loved you all those times you were with those asshole boyfriends, and whenever you were angry with me, or sad and of course when you were most happy. I love you more than I could begin to describe at this moment... mostly because I'm nervous and really, really turned on and can't think straight with that all going on-"

Say something you idiot, don't leave him hanging!

"I love you too Adam!" There! She said it! "Wow that feels really good to say... I love you, Adam"

His face, always handsome and stoic other than for her, split into the largest grin she'd ever seen. 

"Really?" He was as stunned as she was by their mutual revelations. 

"I loved you ever since you said yes to my crazy idea of going out for pizza and ice cream-

"Instead of studying for that history test? I told you we would fail"

"And I told you we'd be fine, and look at us now!"

"Back to the topic on hand... you were saying?"

"I love you Adam Baxter."

"I love you Ashlynn. It does feel good to say."

***

For an hour they just talked about everything that they should have said for years and years. Cuddled up in blankets and each other, Ashlynn had stolen her favorite shirt of Adam's off of his back to wear while they talked and romanced in front of the fire. 

Finally the slow burn that had once again rekindled in their bodies became more and more evident to the two young lovers. 

Ashlynn, sitting with her bottom between Adam's thighs, kept shifting her body, softly grinding her cheeks on the constant semi hard dick that was pressed against her back. She was leaning back against his chest, her head on his shoulder, her lips brushing against his neck and jaw at every opportunity. His hands kept traveling up and down her arms, tickling and stroking every bit of her he could reach. She finally twined her fingers through his to get him to stop the slow torture that his fingers were stirring in her. 

"I was on that dance floor watching you, it felt like forever, getting the courage to come up to you..." Adam was still talking, but she was done with talk. She wanted to taste him again. Their one brief and hot kiss was lingering on her lips, and she wanted an encore presentation. 

She knew what she liked in the bedroom, and she was loving this constant teasing that they were doing. Her pussy was once again soaking wet for Adam. Raising their hands to her mouth, she looked him dead in the eye and bit down on his knuckle, just enough. Then, sticking her tongue out, she licked the lightly bruised finger. 

"... and... I... umm. Uh," speechless, Adam's eyes were locked on to Ashlynn's teeth and tongue and whatever they were doing to his hand, it was hot. 

She went to the next finger and did the same thing, this time sucking his finger into her mouth. She always had loved playing around with her mouth when it came to sex. It was never dirty for her because she rather enjoyed pushing men to the brink. She felt his semi hard dick at her back pulse to fill its larger girth. Excited, she wriggled her bottom back onto it some more as she sucked once more on Adam's finger. 

He pounced. 

One second they were curled around each other in a pile of blankets, the next he was on top of her, his body bearing down on her to hold her in place, growling at the girl of his dreams who was laughing like an idiot. He ground his hips into her groin and that turned her giggles into groans. And then, finally, he kissed her. His lips descended down and demanded all of her attention. They were soft lips, but firm in their determination to dominate the situation. She could taste his desire on her tongue, the hot, open mouthed kisses were beginning to drown them in it. 

He pulled back and wrapped his arms around her, bring them both up to a sitting position. He looked her dead in the eye and said, "Ashlynn, I need you now so badly, and I want to make this perfect, but I might not be able to stop myself..."

"Im on the pill you know that," she continued to kiss him feather light over his skin. 

"Ooh that tickles... and feels good, don't stop!" he breathed a sigh of contentment. "I- I-I mean I don't know if I can... make you feel as good as I will feel."

"Baby, Im so hot right now, I'm going to explode if you dont fuck me."

Damn, he didn't know Ashlynn's bedroom life would be this exciting! 

"Yes, ma'am!" 

He kissed her again, his hands began to roam her body, skimming over every inch of her he desired. Up and down her arms, over her thighs to her bottom, up the back of her shirt, and pulling it slowly up her back. Breaking off their kiss his eyes locked onto her chest as he tortured them both with the revelation of her body to him once again. Her breasts were just large enough to be noticed, but not overtly bountiful. He had always found little excuses to brush up against them, and one drunken night, he got a full squeeze out of one before he stopped himself. That reflection made him realize how much of an idiot he was, because Ashlynn never told him to stop. Her firm warm skin was glowing a beautiful amber, her areola and nipples a soft pink. His eyes snapped to hers, and found that she was a bit nervous, not confident in her body's looks for his desires. 

"You are the most gorgeous woman I have ever seen Ashlynn. And you are so perfect to me." That made her smile, and she kissed him, but this kiss was one of love not lust. It started soft and slow and somehow spoke of promises of the future. His hands guided hers around his neck, and he slid his hands back to her beautiful breasts, palming them and squeezing to his hearts content this time. She moaned into his mouth, her nipples becoming firm buds of built up desire. He began to flick them with his thumb, her sexual desire flaring with each touch. 

He dropped his head to her breast, tonguing the bud, his freed hand dropping to her hot wet core, and finding her engorged clit. She cried out in pleasure as she lay back for him to work all the right places expertly. Gripping his head in her hands she massaged his scalp, running her fingers through his soft hair, and down to neck and shoulders, massaging the whole time. Suddenly, his fingers dug deep, found her opening and pushed in. She gasped and gave a small shriek, feeling him smile around her other nipple. He pumped his large index finger in and out of her sopping wet pussy, seeking that glorious g-spot, while biting down on her overly sensitive nipple. Quickly, she was on the verge, the edge, about to be driven into the spasming bliss of orgasm... 

"Oh god, I'm going to cum... uuh fuck me Adam!" 

That was when he pulled his finger out. 

"Ugh! What the-?!" And put two in its place. 

"Fuck!" She screamed, diving over the edge, and writhing on his pumping hand, his wet mouth sucking on her breast, his thumb brushing her clitoris to keep her orgasm going and going and going. 

When she came up for air after screaming her lungs out, she lifted her head to meet his eyes; they were hungry for more. She scrambled to sit up saying, "Take off your pants, I want to taste you."

He stood up, but waited for her to take them off for him. He like playing games of domination in his sex life, and he wanted to test out Ashlynn, see if she would join him in his world. She glared up at him from her knees, knowing what he was doing, and retaliated with a planned attack. Leaning forward she touched her nose to his lower belly, just above the waist of his sweatpants, and his raging hard cock. Skimming her hands up his legs, she wrapped them around to his buttocks, grabbing them hard in her hands, and pulling his hips forward. Opening her mouth she bit down lightly on his cock. With a yelp he tried to pull back, but he couldn't escape her mouth with her grip on his butt. His breath came in hard short gasps, he was so incredibly turned on.  
