 Hello readers,

This story was requested by a reader and is shared with the reader's knowledge. 

For those of you that follow me this is far from the normal kind of story I write so I ask for a bit of forgiveness if it isn't quite up to my normal levels of writing.

The combined chapter 6 & 7 of the Bad day series is in the works as is chapter 2 of I slept on the couch. I don't have a time frame for either one yet but I am hoping to get one of them out before the end of the month.

I thank you all for your patience and I hope you enjoy this story.

Enjoy.

*****

When I met her she was married to an old friend of mine, Simon, that I hadn't seen in years. She was a stunning brunette with beautiful hazel eyes. She was what the kids these days call thicc. 

She was wearing jeans that hugged her curves in all the right places and a button up blouse, that was open except where it was tied under her ample breasts, with a low cut tank top on under it. 

As time went on I got to talking to her through social media and we had a lot in common. She was a bright and funny woman with a smile that could melt the coldest of hearts.

Her name was Hope and that was what she gave me. 

A few years before I met her I had to put my life on hold to help take care of my ailing parents. I was lucky that I had a job that allowed me to work from home. My mother had passed on by this time so I was the caregiver for my father who was in better health than my mother had been and he encouraged me to start going out with my friends again.

I was talking to Hope on Facebook one day, she seemed bothered by something. 

"You seem distracted, is everything alright?" I asked her

There was a pause for a few seconds before she replied, "Can I ask you something personal?"

I was quick with my reply, "Sure, just understand if it is too personal I might not answer it but I don't have anything to hide."

"When you are seeing someone, how often do you have sex?" she asked quickly.

I was a little shocked, we'd never talked about sex and relationships before. Most of our conversations were about cute things like kitten videos and music we liked. I had to think a little bit about how I wanted to answer her. 

I decided to answer her truthfully without any jokes, "well, it depends on the desires of my partner. If she has a high sex drive then a couple of times a week. If it isn't that high maybe once a week."

Her reply was quick, "if she came into the room wearing sexy lingerie and sat on your lap, would you ignore her and keep playing your video games?"

I laughed to myself, "No. If she comes in like that the game is getting turned off."

"Am I ugly?" I could hear the pain in those three words.

"Did Simon tell you that?" I asked, thankful we were using instant messaging and not talking on the phone. I wouldn't have been able to hide my annoyance at Simon.

"No, I just feel that way since Simon ignores me for those stupid games," was her reply.

I decided to do my best to be a good friend, "Have you talked to him about it?" I asked knowing the answer but wanting to be sure.

"Yes. Nothing really changed even though he said he'd try to be more attentive," was her reply.

I shook my head in disbelief, "I hope things get better. I have to go, I'll talk to you later." 

"Later," she sent and we ended our conversation.

I was a little puzzled at Simon's inattention. Hope was a beautiful woman.

Hope and I continued our conversations over the following weeks. As we continued on the subject seemed to turn more and more into sex. I was a little uncomfortable at first with the direction the conversations had turned but as time went on I got more comfortable.

One day our conversation took the turn that would lead us down a path that we should have never gone down.

"Dave, would you fuck me? I mean if I wasn't married to Simon," Hope asked me without warning.

Now my brain threw up all the red flags that it was supposed to. I knew that was a path we shouldn't go down but I ignored it. I didn't know why then and I still don't know now. 

"Yes, I would," I typed out and sent without thinking twice.

Those three words started us down a path that leads us to become bolder.

As time went on we dropped the pretense of proper conversation. Our conversations were almost completely about sex. We began to flirt with each other. It was light at first but it quickly turned pretty aggressive on both our parts. That flirting turned into sexting with some pretty graphic descriptions.

At this point, we had yet to see each other naked in any way, but I had a pretty good idea what I was going to see if it ever happened and I am sure she was the same.

Simon and Hope had another small gathering at their home about a month after we started our flirting. It was just five of us that night, Simon and Hope, Henry, Kevin, and myself. We ate and then sat down to play a game, Hope sat next to me, Simon was across the table, Henry and Kevin too the other two sides respectfully.

While we played the game, I would catch little flirty glances coming from Hope and I gave a few back to her. Simon was totally oblivious. If he wasn't playing the game he was on his phone playing another game. If Henry and Kevin saw anything they never let on.

As the game continued, I got bold. When it wasn't my turn, I would caress Hope's leg. Little circles at first but emboldened but getting away with it I would stroke her leg and even got to feel her ass. 

The next day Hope opened the conversation with, "so did you enjoy feeling me up?"

"The better question is, did you enjoy me feeling you up?" I sent to her, smiling like an idiot glad she couldn't see me.

We bantered back and forth for the rest of the evening. That night I jerked off thinking about her. I knew we were headed towards a sexual relationship and we were doing it at breakneck speed.

I got a text from Hope about a week later. She wanted to know if we could meet for lunch the next day and I agreed. 

"I got the day off tomorrow so why don't you come here. I'll make something nice," she sent me.

I sent back, "sounds good to me. Be there by 11:30?"

"Great, see you then. Come hungry. Love you," was the last thing she sent me for the whole day. She'd never said she loved me before but I was sure that I loved her. I was going to hell and I was skipping the whole way there.

The next day I got to her house a little early. Hope greeted me at the door, wearing the exact same outfit that she had on the day I met her. 

Without saying a word I took her face into my hands and kissed her. She was shocked at first but she soon melted into my arms. Our tongues danced together, her hands gripping my back and my hands grabbing her shapely ass.

Hope was the one to break the kiss. She let me to the couch, untying her shirt as we went. 

She laid back onto the couch, "I want to pleasure you. I am yours and I will do anything you ask me too," She pulled me on top of her and we started to kiss more.

As we kissed we started to take off each other's clothes. When she was just in her panties I moved my way down her body, kissing her tenderly, her dark pink nipples were my first target. I licked and sucked each one, gently biting them, till she was moaning. I looked up and she was biting her lower lip, her eyes closed.

I moved down farther, her panties were soaked and I could smell the wet arousal she was giving off. I kissed her pussy through her panties. She had a strong sweet flavor that made my head swim. 

I pulled her panties aside and pushed my tongue into her. Her pussy was hot like it was on fire. Hope Grabbed my head and pulled me into her pussy, her moans and thrashing driving me to pleasure her more

"Oh David, I need more. Go deeper baby. Eat my pussy," she yelled as I ate her.

I knew it was time. I pulled away from her pussy and heard her whimper in frustration. I pulled out my cock and teased to between her lips making sure to rub the head against her clit. Her hips were lifting up to meet me and I knew it was time to stop teasing her. With a smile on my face as I looked down at her, as I eased into her. 

I was surprised at just how tight she was. I wasn't hung like some of the monster cocks you see in porn so feeling her pussy grip my cock like it was doing surprised me. 

I started off with slow deep thrusts, letting her get used to having me in her. Her legs had wrapped around my waist, pulling me into her. The only sounds in the room were her moans and the sound of our skin slapping together.

" Fuck me! Take me!" she whimpered as I started to really pound her pussy. 

Neither one of us lasted much longer. The taboo of our affair and our desires for each other pushed us both over the top. Both our orgasms were powerful. 

Hope screamed out as her pussy gripped my cock. I screamed as I filled her with my seed. We stayed connected till my now softening cock slowly slipped out of her.

I leaned back and stared at Hope. She was breathing heavy and had the look of pure bliss on her face.

"That was amazing," Hope said finally breaking the silence, "It's been so long I have forgotten what I good fucking feels like."

I smiled at her, "I'm glad I could help you remember," I sighed before I continued, " I hate to ruin the mood but where do we go from here?"

Hope shrugged her shoulders, " well as soon as you can get it up again we go for round two," she moved so that she was now kneeling between my legs, " after that, we start having lunch together a couple of times a week," the smile on her face was a bit devilish as she took my cock into her hand and started to stroke me to hardness.

I think I awoke a monster, and she was named Hope.