 I was sitting at my desk, munching on some chips and thinking about Lynn, our receptionist and her fantastic boobs. My cock began to stir again thinking of her hands stroking me off in the car; so needless to say, I tried to stay at my desk. It was really a grind dealing with the mundane things when all of a sudden an Instant Message popped up on my screen. It was Lynn asking me if I was at my desk. I IM'd her back saying I was and then my phone rang.

"Hi, Lynn."

"Hi Mark."

"How are you doing this afternoon?"

"I am doing ok, but all I can think about is you, Lynn."

'Same here, you really got me going," she said and then whispering "I'm soaked down there."

"Well we need to do something about that."

"I was thinking, I don't live far from here, why don't you come over when you get finished and I will make you some dinner."

"That sounds good," I said. Actually that sounds really good I thought to myself. My wife was out of town this week.

Lynn sent me an email with her address and called me on her way out the door to remind me, as if I needed a reminder! The tent in my pants was all I needed. I tried to finish up and about an hour later; I turned off my computer and left the office. Lynn lived in a nice four bedroom colonial about ten minutes from the office. I pulled up and parked in the driveway and walked up to the door, being careful as it was dark outside. 

I knocked on the door and she opened it, smiling and I walked in and she closed the door. As soon as she closed the door she turned and kissed me on the lips. I kissed her back and she broke the embrace.

"We'll save that for later. Right now, dinner is ready."

We walked into the dining room and sat down and had dinner and a glass of wine by candlelight. We made some small talk and as I looked around I saw pictures of her kids, grandkids, and her husband. Once dinner was done, she told me to go relax in the living room while she did the dishes and cleanup. I offered to help but she explained that she wanted to do it as it made her feel good to do this for a man.

After about fifteen minutes, she walked in and sat down next to me on the couch, with two cups of coffee for after dinner. The living room was nice with a TV, some bookcases, couch, loveseat, and recliner. I kind of smiled as it was a little dated, and she probably had not changed anything since her husband had died. Some soft music was playing on the radio and we sat and drank our coffee and chatted. I figured that since she was a little older, this must be the way she did things when her husband was alive, kind of an old school thing. As we talked, my eyes kept darting at her shapely legs and her breasts, the button undone a few buttons displaying her spectacular cleavage.

"This is really nice, Lynn."

"Thanks, Mark. It is so nice to cook for a man again after all these years."

I reached over and had her turn a bit and began to gently rub her back. She leaned in a little bit as I slowly rubbed her neck and shoulders. As I did so I leaned into her and gently nibbled on her ear. She moaned softly as I did this and she shivered a bit.

"Mmm I like that, Mark."

"I'm glad, sweetie."

Slowly she turned toward me and our lips met, lightly at first. We paused and I took her glasses off and set them down on the coffee table and looked at her.

"You are really pretty, Lynn."

"Thanks, Mark, you are handsome yourself. You are always complimenting me."

Slowly we moved into each other, and our lips parted as we kissed again. Her arms were down as I reached in with my left hand inside her blouse, to feel the satin bra restraining her enormous breasts. She pulled back a little and began unbuttoning her blouse all the way as I continued to kiss her, and I helped her shrug it off. The black satin bra dug into her a bit and the top of her pantyhose went over her stomach and came up just below the line of her bra. I loved the roundness of her stomach and found it an immense turn on.

Her breathing was getting a little quicker and shallower as I continued to rub her breasts, first one and then the other. I loved the feeling of her nipples through the fabric as I squeezed and rubbed her huge tits. I had long dreamed of being able to do this and I was enjoying the moment. She still seemed a bit shy so I grabbed her hand and moved it to my crotch. At first she just left it there, not moving it, but then slowly, as we kissed some more, her hand began moving back and forth on it. Reaching behind her, I undid the clasp of her bra and slipped my hand underneath her left breast, its fullness more than filling my hands. She gasped slightly as I cupped her breast, and I leaned in and began licking around the areola, flicking her nipple with my tongue. Her nipples were extremely erect and large, and very sensitive. By doing this, she seemed to get more excited, and she was now squeezing my erection through my pants. I could feel the strain against my underwear and pants, and knew the precum was now flowing freely.

I removed her bra as she unbuttoned my shirt, and I took it off as she set her bra down. I leaned in and began licking and biting her ear and whispered to her to unzip my pants. I reached down to undo my belt as her hands unzipped me and she reached in to pull out my engorged cock. 

I stood up and kicked off my shoes and pants and underwear, my cock sticking straight in front of her face. She reached out to grab it again and kissed it gently.

"Oh it has been so long, I never thought I would get to do this again."

Saying nothing, I pushed toward her mouth and she took it in, licking the head and stroking it. It was always a fantasy to fuck an older lady and seeing her with her gray haired wig on, licking my cock was awesome. I pulled back and had her lay on the couch, unbuttoned her skirt and slid it off of her, leaving her in her pantyhose and nothing else.

I began rubbing her thighs as I stood above her and to the side and then climbed in between her legs, licking her thighs and playing with her clit through her hose which were soaked with her juices. She had a very hairy pussy.

"Lynn, what happened to your underwear?"

"Oh God, Mark, they were so soaked I took them off at work."

"This looks so sexy. I love how a woman looks in pantyhose."

"I knew that. I can always tell you look at my legs more when I wear them. Besides, all men like women in nylons I think."

I licked her pussy through the hose, my hands spreading her thighs apart as I dove in, licking up and down the length of her pussy. She was rolling her head back and forth, and at that moment, I gripped the seam of her pantyhose and ripped them open to get direct access.

"What are you doing, I could have taken those off."

"Don't worry," I said as I looked up at her from between her legs, "I'll buy you more."

I immediately immersed myself in her pussy, licking and taking in her scent. Turning my head sideways, I flicked my tongue back and forth sideways inside of her pussy, making her squirm. 

"Oh, oh, yessss," she cried.

I continued to lick her, inserting two fingers in her pussy and carefully moved them in and out of her as I licked her. I was surprised at how tight she was, but figured since it had been about ten years, there was a good reason for it. All of a sudden, she began rolling around and breathing hard, and her moaning became very loud.

"Yes, yes, don't stop, oh yes." She yelled. As she did so, her hands went down and pushed my head into her pussy. Her whole body convulsed as her orgasm overwhelmed her. Sighing deeply, she pulled my head up and I slid up to kiss her on the mouth, pausing to kiss each one of her breasts on the way.

"How are you feeling, Lynn?"

"I feel great! I haven't had anyone do that for me in a very long time."

I kissed her and asked, "Are you ready for more?"

Smiling, she reached down and grabbed my stiff cock and rubbed it around her pussy. "Do it. I want to feel you inside me."

Slowly, I worked my cock inside of her pussy as I looked down to admire the view. Her tits looked like giant jello molds, jiggling as I began to move in and out of her. The couch was a bit cramped and it was not very comfortable.

"Lynn, let's take this to the bedroom."

Without a word, I stood up and held out my hand to help her up. She took my hand and led me back to the bedroom. She pulled back the covers and then lay down on her back and I climbed into bed, getting on top of her in between her legs. She then turned off the light and there was a faint glow coming from the other room.

"I like it dark like this. My Ben liked to do it with the lights out."

This was the first time she had mentioned her husband, and I figured if that would make her comfortable, who was I to argue?

"Mark, I have not done this in a long time."

"Don't worry, Lynn, it will be alright. Just tell me what you like."

Sliding my cock back in, I started pumping her slowly, her tits jiggling around as our bodies moved back and forth. I could not believe I was actually fucking her. Reaching down, I grabbed her boobs as I slide in and out, and she reached up and held my arms as I continued to slowly go in and out of her. Leaning forward to get closer I licked her tits as I continued to fuck her, the only sounds in the room our moaning and grunting, and the sound of my dick going in and out of her pussy.

"Lynn, this feels great."

"Yes it does, I've missed this feeling so much. I love how you feel inside me."

"Mmm, you like getting fucked?"

"Oh my such language. He never talked to me like that," referring again to her husband.

"But you like it don't you?"

"Yes, I always wanted to..."

"Good because I am going to fuck you good baby." I picked up the pace, shoving my rock hard cock in and out of her, watching her tits jiggling around. Reaching down, I grabbed and held her by her tits as I fucked her harder. She put her arms back and was just enjoying the ride.

"Oh yeah this feels so good I'm going to cum soon, but I want to cum all over your big tits."

"Yes, I have never had a man do that to me, I want you to cum on them." 

Feeling my balls begin to tighten, I pulled out and slid up straddling her chest. 

"Stroke it for me baby and make me spray on those tits."

Eagerly obeying, she grabbed my stiffness and began stroking for all it was worth. Quickly, my first shot went out, splattering her neck.

"Don't stop now, keep going."

She kept up the pace as rope after rope of hot white cum shot out hitting her tits, her chin, and just about everywhere in between. I could not believe how much I was cumming. She continued to stroke me as the last bit oozed out, and I looked down to see the pools and strings of cum all over her

"OH, my, Mark, that was a lot you poor boy, you had a lot built up."

"See how hot you make me?" I said. I leaned over and licked some of my own cum off of her tits and then kissed her deeply, our tongues exchanging my cum. I then rolled off of her and to the side and she slid in next to me and we kissed and rubbed each other.

"So how was that, Lynn?"

"I have to be honest with you that was fantastic. I have not had sex in over ten years and thought I might never have it again."

"I find that hard to believe. You are a very attractive woman."

"Well all that matters is that you think so. My husband was very old fashioned and did not do some of those things."

As we lay together we dozed off in each other's arms. I am not sure how long I had been sleeping but I felt a warm wet feeling on my cock. I opened my eyes to see Lynn sucking on my semi-erect cock, basically bringing it back to life. I was enthralled by the fact that she had shed her wig. Her hair was gray and close cropped, like a crew cut probably because she wore wigs all the time. Not wanting to disturb a good thing, I pretended to be asleep. Stroking it with one hand, she played with my balls as she tried to work more and more of it in her mouth. As I continued to watch, she eventually was able to get the entire thing in her mouth. My cock was now rock hard and I grabbed her head and forced it down and began fucking her mouth. She paused a few times as she tried to keep pace but basically did not pull away.

"Mmm what a nice way to wake up."

"I'm glad you like it. I'm impressed you get hard again so easily."

""With you, all the time."

"Mark, my dear husband, God rest his soul, was very conventional and did not do much other than get on top and do it and be done. I want to do whatever you want to do. I haven't felt like this ever."

"I want you right now to get on your knees, so I can fuck you from behind."

Dutifully obeying, she got on all fours, and I ripped her pantyhose a little more. The sight of the ladders running across her ass looked hot as I pushed in and easily entered her pussy. Grabbing her hips, I began sliding in and out of her.

"So you have never been taken from behind like this have you baby?"

"No, but I like it."

I leaned forward on her back and reached around grabbed her bouncing tits. I could not get a really good grip on them because she was a little chubby around the middle, but I could get a decent grip and squeezed them as I fucked her. She pushed hard back against me pushing my cock deep inside her.

"Oh fuck me, Mark. Fuck me I want your big dick in my pussy." Wow she was even talking dirty now which really turned me on.

"Mmm, I wonder what everyone at work would say if they knew you were such a little slut for cock."

"I don't care."

I leaned back and grabbed her hips again, grinding my cock in and out of her. I picked up the pace as she began fingering herself, knowing that she was going to cum soon as well. Her tits were so big they swung like giant pendulums and I could see them moving around as I continued to pound her pussy. Finally, I could no longer hold out and came hard, depositing my load in her pussy as she moaned.

"Oh please don't stop I'm almost there, don't stop."

She moved back against me harder and I kept fucking her until she started shaking, her orgasm overwhelming her and my dick popped out as she lay down on the bed on her stomach. I lay down gently to the side, draping one leg over her as I kissed her cheek, and we fell asleep that way.