 I was gasping for air as the cum launched out from my cock and hit me in the face. It was a very powerful orgasm, not huge in volume, but very strong intensity because it was my 3rd one of the morning.

I'd woken up to the sound of pounding rain outside, and, of course, to my daily "morning riser" hardon. When it rains like this, it makes me remember one of my favorite sex experiences, when Kellie and I did it in the pouring rain almost 4 years ago, in a forest clearing while hiking, the summer after high school graduation. Though it was cloudy, we weren't expecting such a downpour when we headed out on our little hike, but we were indeed hoping to find a place to have outdoor sex. But with wet clothes becoming uncomfortable, we decided to really become one with nature, and stripped ourselves completely naked, climbed up on a huge, low, fairly flat boulder at the side of a small river, and had vigorous, very stimulating sex with the rain pounding our skin. There is nothing better than cumming in your beautiful girlfriend's pussy and then having her suck your cock clean while you're sitting bare-ass naked by a river in a downpour. We both agreed it was the most erotic thing we'd ever done. 

But this morning, I was naked and alone in bed, and smelled the wonderful, refreshing rainy day breeze coming through my partially open window, and dreamed of Kellie while I stroked my dick. I slicked it up with precum and really had a nice, leisurely, thorough jerk off, and came all over my chest and face. This first load was huge, since I edged for a long time as I daydreamed about it and other fucks I've enjoyed. 

I got in to a hot shower and cleaned up, and as often happens, I started soaping my cock and it became hard again, and I had to jerk off once more in the shower, cumming on the wall as I hollered in pleasure. There, I figured. That ought to hold me for awhile. I usually start every day with one and sometimes two cums like this. 

I pulled on some boxers, ate some cereal and watched some TV, and then it was time to get going on a big project for my computer class. I was part of a college project group in the I.S. department, and had some research to run on the computer today, and since it was rainy and gray, it was the perfect day to catch up on it. I turned up my music, and got to work. 

But as I worked at my desk by the window, my mind kept drifting back to the rain, and remembering how hard I fucked Kellie that time. Man, it was good. We were 18, and scared someone would see us, but we were alone and horny and it was perfect. I spent many wonderful hours fucking Kellie several times that summer, including outside a few more times, but that time in the rain was always the best. 

Anyway, my cock started rising again. Geez. I never can seem to keep it down, especially if I haven't actually gotten laid for a week, as was the case. I figured there was little chance of getting any action today either, so what the heck, I nursed the hardening to full strength, leaned back in my chair, and 15 minutes later blasted a 3rd orgasm out of my cock. Ahhh. So satisfying, intense and fun. But now it was noon and I needed to get to work. I checked the weather on the internet, and it was supposed to be stormy and rainy all day, and I knew I at least needed to get some of this done now incase we lost power later. 

An hour later, the phone rang, and it was Jen from my project group, wanting to drop off some materials for our project and get my review on a couple things she'd written. She was checking to see if I was home because she was on her way over. I said sure, come on by. Ten minutes later, the doorbell rang, and I realized I was still stark naked, sitting at my computer. I saw my gym shorts laying nearby and just slipped them on, figuring she was just going to have me look at a couple things at the door and then be on her way. 

Okay, I'd have to admit I've had a crush on Jen for quite awhile, and I was at least subconsciously hoping she'd notice my body, which is lean and hard and pretty damn fit if I say so myself. My favorite pastime is working out, trying to add some meat to my naturally thin frame, and lately I've finally been thinking I look pretty good, though I can't help being just 5'8". Jen, on the other hand, is unquestionably gorgeous, and a little taller than me, which is the only thing that made me insecure. Every guy in college would want her for her hot body, but I also think she has a cute, fun, sassy personality. However, we'd only known each other as study partners and team mates in this one class. We'd flirted lightly, but had never been alone together much, and she'd certainly never seen my body. 

I opened the door, and Jen said hi and brushed past me into my living room.....almost a little too quickly, especially considering I wasn't really dressed. I felt a slight bit of shyness, but mustered up a confident and casual demeanor, as she showed me the pages she'd brought for me and filled me in on a few details. Only problem was, my cock was NOT able to remain ignorant of her beauty and proximity, and started rising in my thin shorts much to my embarrassment.

Jen, however, was not shy at all. She noticed it and made no attempt to hide it. "Dave, my, my, my...I've got you in an awkward situation now, don't I?"

I turned beet red. "What can I say? I'm a red-blooded young guy, and sometimes Mr. Happy has a mind of his own. Sorry. I'll put some pants on and....lets just get this finished."

Jen paused...there was an awkward 5 seconds of silence as she looked at me thoughtfully. 

"Actually...this really could wait...we could do...something ELSE...if you want," she said coyly, and leaned in towards me.

A huge grin spread across my face. A huge length began expanding in my shorts. 

"No way.... you're serious?" 

"Well yeah, it's a perfectly dreary day outside, and we might as well have some fun. You're hot Dave, and I'm hot too, right? We should take advantage of the moment...unless you don't want to..."

"Do I WANT to? Are you kidding me? Oh baby... wow... okay...uh...gorgeous women don't stop by out of the blue every day wanting an afternoon of hot, uninhibited sex...but if you're up for it, I am too." I stood up. This was amazing, and almost too easy!!

"I can see you're 'up' for it!" Jen winked, and pulled down my shorts. My cock sprung up and almost hit her in the face. "Holy shit! What was that about a whole afternoon? I could suck on this gorgeous cock for hours! I had no idea you were this hung!"

That's what I love the most. Girls upon seeing my large, healthy, 7 ¾ inch cock for the first time, and not expecting that a 5'8", 140 lb guy would have such a good sized tool. 

Driblets of pre-cum were already oozing down my cock, or else maybe a bit of residue from my previous jerk offs, but Jen didn't care or notice which. She immediately grabbed my shaft and used the wetness to start stroking me up and down while her other hand pulled my shorts all the way off, leaving me totally naked while she was still fully clothed and enjoying controlling my body. I felt like her toy, and I loved it

Jen knelt down in front of me while I sat on the couch, and rather suddenly thrust almost my entire cock into her mouth, which is no easy feat. She sucked like a vacuum, like her life depended on it, and I threw my head back and gasped in pleasure. I was still in shock that she made the moves on me so suddenly, and now here she was giving me head... and she was good at it...REALLY good...definitely an experienced, enthusiastic cock sucker! 

She tongued my cock with every pressure combination possible to stimulate my senses. She rolled my balls around in her mouth while stroking it with her hands. She licked and pulled and teased and nibbled, and I lasted a surprisingly long time for me, probably due to my 3 previous orgasms. But at long last, I tensed up, hollering in anticipation, clutched the couch pillows, and felt my cum rise and shoot out of my cock and down her throat. I screamed. The streams must have been huge, as the individual sensations of each one lasted several moments and were very strong. I could barely breathe. I shot at least 6, 7 maybe 8 times in her mouth, and she swallowed it all like a champ. Finally, I subsided, and she rolled my cock around in her mouth, sucking off any remnants of cum and giving my cock a nice, rewarding, finishing bath. 

"Oh fuck," I said. "Jen. I didn't expect you'd...think of me...and...."

"I know," she said. "But to tell you the truth, I was hoping to make this happen sooner or later. I figured you might be home alone on day like today and need some entertainment, and I've been wanting to do that ever since last week when we were flirting in the library."

"I'm glad you did!" I said. "And now, I get to fulfill MY fantasy, right?"

"I'm sure hoping so, Dave!"

With that, I was upon her, pulling her clothes off and kissing her passionately. I later learned that Jen had broken up with her boyfriend about 2 weeks before, and just over it enough that she wanted to play the field, and having had no sex for that many nights, she was as horny and randy as any girl I've ever fucked.

As soon as her clothes were off, I dove into her mouth with my tongue passionately, while grabbing her tight little ass with both hands and mashing her into me. She grabbed my head and held me tight and we just ground against each other, my cum-slicked cock sliding up and down between us...I thought I would cum again right then and there. But I really wanted to fuck her, so I knelt down, pushed her down on the sofa, and dove into her pussy with my mouth. I lapped my long tongue up into her folds and tickled her pussy up and down, and rubbed her clit with my thumb and forefinger. Jen started the ascent towards sexual ecstasy, and writhed and moaned and tried to move back away from my attacking mouth, but I kept moving up with her. I allow no escape! Jen's pussy tasted sooooo fucking good, and she became very wet very fast.... I love a pussy dripping all over my face, and it made me redouble my efforts. Within minutes she was screaming in orgasm, begging me to slow down.

The only pausing I did was to move up and sheath my cock in her hot snatch in about 3 seconds flat. I was so turned on! An hour ago I was having a lonely day at home and thought I'd beat off all my day's cum, and here I was fucking the daylights out of this lusty fratboy-fantasy girl I'd dreamed of. I layed into her hardcore and began rutting in and out with drive and passion, loving her screaming, and relishing the feeling of her pussy juices oozing out around my pounding prick. I got into a frenetic pace, to her utter amazement, and kept it going for several minutes until she was hoarse with screaming and dazed from the assault on her nerves.

I was starting to run out of breath, so I finally slowed down after about 10 super-frenzied minutes, and pulled out. It was getting very hot, so I opened with window and let the cool air and sounds of pounding rainfall freshen the room. I laid on the floor and started stroking my hard cock enticingly. Jen caught her breath and gave me an evil look.

"You fucking horny animal! I can't believe what you can do! You are a crazy fuck. No one has EVER fucked me so good and so hard! Ohhh.... My my my...well if you think you're impressive, you don't know who you're messing with, buster..."

Jen straddled me and sat herself down on my cock, pinned my arms to the ground and started pistoning up and down, while I thrust up into her. I was having the time of my life. I love fucking!! We went at it for a few minutes that way, and suddenly Jen stopped moving, impaled herself all the way on my cock, and closed her eyes and got this intense look on her face. At the same time, I felt the strangest, most maddening sensation on my cock. She was milking me with her pussy!! I gasped! I had this happen once before, but not like this! The insides of her pussy were grabbing and squeezing my cock --- hard! --- and seemed to be vacuuming it up further inside her! I growled with intensity!! 

"Jen! Oh my god! Ohhhh yeahhhh! Oh you're gonna make me cum! Aahhhhh!!" The cum felt like it was literally racing forth from my balls up into my shaft, and as the first jets burst forth into her pussy, Jen squeezed a couple more times and then I literally unloaded. I could only imagine a kinked up garden hose suddenly unkinked, and the geyser that burst forth from the released pressure. A HUGE, overwhelming wave of orgasmic euphoria literally seized my body as a torrent of cum streams pumped up into Jen's pussy. It had to be the fastest I'd ever been encouraged to unload that much cum ever. I couldn't even scream, as I'd lost my breath.

As my cumming subsided, Jen began milking my cock again, slowly at first. I thought she was just nicely massaging me a bit before releasing me.

"Like I said," Jen said evilly, "you don't know who you're messing with! I am a cum-hungry woman and I know how to get what I want! Hold still!"

And right away, Jen's pussy started INCREASING its speed and strength of milking my cock!! Uhhh...she wanted me to keep going even right after that orgasm? I thought "no way, noooo fuckin' waaaay!!" and at the same time, I was ecstatic in my predicament. 

A surge of courage and curiosity overcame me, and I wanted to see if I could accept the challenge she was giving me, and at the same time I wanted to escape her pussy immediately! But, being a young guy, the choice of more sex ultimately prevailed over the desire to cool it. I screamed and hollered loudly as I steeled myself for the maddening intensity of more fucking for my immediately-spent cock, and after about 30 seconds of agonizing, maddening, nerve-bursting friction, my cock began to accept its fate, and a new pulse of bloodflow further hardened my shaft. 

I began to fuck back, up into her. She was yelling at me, calling me an animal, demanding that I give her more, still holding my arms down, and began writhing up and down on my cock. I lifted my hips slightly and started pistoning in and out of her in short, hard strokes. The rain outside was at a torrential downpour now, and so nearly were we. Sweat was pouring off of us. Cum was running down our connected organs. My mind was going crazy with the conflict between wanting to prove I could fuck more, and wanting to pull the heck out of this torturous onslaught!

I finally pushed up off the floor, and rolled forward, pinning Jen on her back, and plowed into her missionary style. Now, with me doing the attacking, my cock was at full strength and did its job as well as ever, pushing in and out of a wet, hot, tight pussy. Jen reached an orgasmic plateau from which she never fully descended for several minutes. It had been less than 15 minutes since my last orgasm, and I had had no break to recover whatsoever, and despite it all, my cock seized the moment and triggered another load to burst forth from my balls. 

I fell forward on my arms and nearly passed out. I came so hard. The cum shot out the end of my dick once again, inside of Jen, and one after another, about 5 or 6 spurts followed. I don't know if these were very large volume shots this time, but the intensity in which they gripped me was uncomparable. I screamed and grunted and hollered, almost in pain, but overwhelmingly filled with pleasure as this hot, sexy, talented, horny woman underneath me accomplished her mission and got another load of cum deposited in her.

My whole body was in agony from its exertion. My heart was pounding, my chest was heaving, and I was dripping sweat and cum all over. I crawled to the sliding French doors and out onto my private back patio for some air. Jen joined me on the deck in a chaise under the awning, but I layed down further out on a bench in the rain and let it pour down on me. 

The cool, pounding rain bathed my chest, my cock, my face, and lowered my body temperature to something more normal. I had returning visions of laying in a downpour with Kellie years ago. Jen and I were both smiling and laughing at the incredible pleasure we had just experienced together. 

"Whew, Dave, that was amazing! We should have more sex with each other!!" Jen said, relishing the moment.

"Oh I don't know, I guess it was okay," I said sarcastically, and smiled.

"Asshole," she said haughtily. "You better act impressed or I'll have to come fuck you nearly to death so you know who you're dealing with!"

"Not necessary," I panted, "...almost near death now I believe..."

Jen laughed. "Hey, you have a hot tub out here...is it at the right temperature and everything?"

"Yeah, and actually that sounds really nice right now, doesn't it? Let me get some wine and glasses. Go ahead, get in."

I'm house sitting for a professor who is on sabattical this year, and her house is not huge, but very well-appointed with luxuries, and her back deck and hot tub are pretty awesome. I got a couple bottles of wine and joined Kellie in the gazebo at the side of the deck, and cuddled up to her. I held her against my chest and enjoyed fondling her firm, medium-sized breasts, her flat stomach, and taut legs. I lazily kissed her neck from behind, and we both loved the warm, jetting water on our well-exerted bodies. 

I really was enjoying Jen's company...not just because of her hot body and gorgeous face, and obvious sexual appetite...but she was also a bold and interesting person with great humor and a nice personality. We spent a good couple of hours in the hot tub, sometimes sitting up on the edge to cool off, sometimes across from each other talking, sometimes cuddled up and petting and fondling each other. We were getting pretty buzzed on the combo of all the wine and the heat, and at one point I had her leaned back against my chest again, and as I kissed her neck and groped her breasts, my cock started rising again, up against her ass. I'd been enjoying all the sexiness of our hot tubbing time, but hadn't really been horny, until now. 

"Sit up on the edge again, Dave," Jen said. 

I lifted myself up out of the water and leaned back on the wooden surface around the hot tub. Jen put her hands on my thighs, leaned forward, and tenderly started suckling my cock, which was still pretty soft and limp, though it had began getting a bit longer. Jen engulfed it entirely in her mouth, and gently sucked it and loved it with her mouth. She withdrew it, held it up against my abs, and started tonguing my balls. I adored her. This was so sweet, so caring, and so sexy. I love having my balls sucked. She put her tongue down behind my balls, and tickled my super-sensitive flat spot down there, and I was writhing and giggling with the sensation. 

My cock, of course, knew what was expected of it, and slowly began hardening. Jen went back to blowing it, and got into her task hardcore. Like I said, her earlier blowjob was about the best I've ever received, and she has amazing talent with her mouth. I layed back completely with my legs dangling in the water, and gasped and moaned in delight. Jen had a plan for a very long, thorough, patient, stimulating blow job for me, and she truly loved giving it. She went on and on bathing my cock and balls, sucking me super hard, and eventually to the point where I felt like cumming again, but she would back off at the right moment and concentrate elsewhere. I was in absolute heaven. I tried to get up so I could turn around and pleasure her for awhile, but she wouldn't have it, and made me lay back so she could enjoy her treat. She kept telling me to truly relax and let myself enjoy it without worrying about doing anything...just absorb all the sensations and stimulation. Her hands traced my abs, groped my ass and rubbed the inside of my legs, and her mouth just kept pleasing me, for almost a full hour. It was the most fully satisfying blow job I've ever had, and when I finally came, she jerked my cock with her hands and licked my balls while I unloaded a nice, fresh helping of cum all over face. 
