 Last Friday after work, I cursed myself for not washing clothes the night before. I wanted to change into a T-shirt, but the only one I had left was black, and it was a hot day. The shirt was long enough that I didn't bother to put pants on underneath. I gathered my dirty clothes and detergent and headed to my apartment building's laundry room.

There's a table next to the door, and I used it to separate my lights from my colors. While I was doing that, Josh came in with a duffel bag full of clothes. Josh is probably just under six feet tall, with sandy hair. He occasionally works as the lifeguard at our pool, and I'd wanted to see what his chest looked like under the muscle shirt since last summer. "Hey, Cindy," he said nonchalantly. He set the bag on the table and started sorting his clothes. He wasn't wearing that lifeguard shirt; he was wearing an orange sweatshirt with a picture of Jimi Hendrix. After a bunch of white socks and underwear, the next thing he took out was a graphic tee with the cover of Dark Side of the Moon. He put it on top of a pair of blue jeans and started to put a black Metallica shirt on top of them.

I stopped him. "The Pink Floyd shirt needs a color-safe detergent or it'll fade," I advised.

"I don't have any," he said. "I never thought to look for it."

I moved the Metallica shirt off and picked up the Pink Floyd shirt. "I'll add it to my load," I said.

Josh looked at the shirt he had on and pulled on the sleeve. "What about this?"

No way was I going to pass up a chance to see him shirtless. "Better add it too, to be safe," I said.

Josh pulled his shirt off and handed it to me. He was almost as ripped as I'd imagined. He told me, "I like the one you're wearing."

I looked down. It said, "My letter got published in ..." I won't name the magazine, but it's one known for publishing accounts like this one. I was too entranced by his muscles to be embarrassed by the shirt. "Thanks," I said.

"So what was your letter about?"

It got awkward, but only for a moment. "This one time in college, I fooled around with three guys in my room at once. What's funny is that at the end, I was still a virgin."

Josh started to smile. I guess my willingness to mention it emboldened him. "What'd you do?"

"I still don't remember how they all ended up there, but the first guy was just feeling me up. We were rubbing each other's crotches, and that led to us taking our pants off." I stopped for a moment and looked outside the door to make sure no one else could hear me. "We kept rubbing each other through our underwear, and he unhooked my bra. He backed me up against a wall and started rubbing my tits. I reached inside his underwear and started stroking him." I could see a bulge forming in Josh's pants, and I could feel myself getting moist. "He slipped a finger in my panties and started fingering me." In my imagination, Josh was doing everything to me that I described.

"Do you have a copy of the issue where they published it?" Josh asked.

"I lost it when I was moving," I explained.

"So what happened next?"

"Okay, so the first guy's name was Mark. His friend Jim happened to walk past the door and saw us moving to the bed. Mark moved between my legs and rubbed my crotch through my underwear. Jim dropped his pants, and I started stroking him. I forget what else happened, but when it was over, I'd given all three guys a hand job, sucked two of 'em, and they'd all eaten me out."

Now Josh was rubbing himself freely. "You said you were still a virgin at the end."

I was getting turned on myself. "Yeah."

"Were?"

"I got a boyfriend not long after that." I put my hands on his forearms. "He was a wrestler, built like you."

"So did he pin you down?" Josh joked.

I moved my hands to his waist. "He didn't have to," I answered.

I took my hands off his waist, and he put his on mine. He asked, "Shouldn't we get back to laundry?"

"Yeah," I said disappointedly.

"Well, I've got a load of black clothes. Wanna add to it?" He moved down to grasp the hem of my shirt.

"No sense taking up all the washers at once," I said. Josh pulled my shirt over my head and tossed it on top of my pile of dark clothes. I wished I hadn't worn a bra, but at least it was my cute pink one, new enough that it was still bright. We sorted all our clothes into three piles, occasionally stopping to grab each other's butts, and put them into washers.

Josh put his hand on my bra strap and asked, "Where should we put this?"

"Where would you like it?" I asked.

Josh put an end to the subtle flirting. "On the floor in my bedroom."

"Works for me," I said. He lives on the second floor, so we took the stairs. I know I've got a nice ass, so I wasn't surprised that Josh waited for me to go up before he did. I was surprised, though, when he put his arms around my waist and moved me against the wall. He couldn't wait. He put his right hand in my panties and found my pussy. He wasn't in a hurry to get his fingers inside; he seemed content to feel my outer flesh while he rubbed my tits through my bra with the other hand. "That and more," I promised, "but not here." He let me go, and I followed him to his place.

We both took off our shoes and socks. I got on his bed and crossed my legs, and Josh joined me. "Ever since I saw you in a bikini at the pool, I've wanted to see what was underneath," he said.

"You haven't seen a Korean woman naked before?" I asked.

"It's not about that," Josh insisted. "I mean, yeah, you've got that cute kind of Asian face that turns me on, but I was talking about your curves."

"The first time I saw you dive in when someone was calling for help, I thought the same thing about your chest. I thought about acting like I was in trouble once just to get your attention." We stopped talking for a moment. I unhooked my bra and tossed it to the side. "Is that where you wanted it?"

"Yeah," Josh said. "Now turn around." I moved with my back to him. He put his hands under my thighs and pulled me back. He kissed my neck and raised both hands to caress my tits. I cooed my approval. As if I'd asked, he moved one hand down and rubbed my pussy through my panties.

"Is this how it started with Mark?"

"We were facing each other, but, yeah."

Josh pulled me further up. I could feel his hard cock underneath me. "Would you rather be facing me?"

"I'm fine like this," I assured him. I rubbed my hips back and forth. I don't know if I was trying to please him or tease him, but he got harder. He slipped his hand back in and rubbed my clit. "Shit, yeah," I moaned. I wanted more, but I was also enjoying the moment. I let him keep going until I was afraid of coming too early.

"What was your favorite part of that night?" Josh asked.

"Who said it was nighttime?" I responded. "Maybe I had these guys over for lunch."

"And did they feed you?"

"Did they ever," I laughed. "In fact, I could use a snack right about now." I meant to turn around so I could suck him, but he wouldn't let up.

He moved his hand down and found my pussy lips. Until he found my opening, I didn't realize they'd already started to separate. He got his index finger inside me more smoothly than I usually do for myself! "I'll see if I can't give you one," he said. 

Josh tried to get past the second knuckle, but my underwear was holding him back. "Let me get that out of your way," I said. I moved up on my knees and pulled my panties down. Josh rubbed both of my buttocks and then reached around. He pulled my pussy lips apart again and put his index finger back in. I sat on his lap and used my left foot to kick off my panties. I was completely naked with a man, and I didn't even know his last name.

That didn't bother me once he got a second finger inside me. "Oh, god, yeah," I moaned.

Josh found many sensitive spots. When he reached one up and toward the front, I couldn't speak. I sat back and let him add a third finger. "Snack time," I managed to say before I covered his fingers with my cum.

Josh pulled his fingers out and held them up to my lips. "Ladies first," he said. I licked my cum off his index finger, and he licked his middle finger.

I felt the hem of his underwear on my thighs. "No fair," I said. "I'm already naked and you're not."

Josh said, "Let's fix that," and I had already turned around to tug on the hem of his briefs. He pushed them down to his knees, and I pulled them the rest of the way off.

"Make yourself comfortable," I said, and I got off the bed. He sat down, resting against the headboard. He hadn't spread his legs, which was perfect. I got back on the bed and knelt over his knees. My tits are just barely a C cup, but I'm small enough that they look bigger than that. I moved up slowly, rubbing them over his legs as I went. When I was close to his dick, he spread his legs for me. I grasped it gently and started stroking it.

"Oh, God, most women don't realize how good that feels," Josh said.

I stroked him a little harder and looked up at him. "I'm not most women," I said. 

"No kiddin'!" he agreed.

I don't consider myself a great cocksucker, but the expression I give when I look up covers up any shortcoming I might have, and it's even easier to make when I'm giving a hand job. His hips rose, and I could tell it was involuntary. I took his cockhead and ran it over the top part of my tits. I slid back down to take the head in my mouth. "Gentile, I see," I observed.

"Like it?"

"I haven't had any other kind. At least not in my face." I swirled the tip of my tongue around the foreskin, then pulled it back and did the same to the crown. If I'd told him he was huge, I would only have been exaggerating a little bit. More appealing, it had that curve that I love so much. I closed my lips around the head and moved down until I could see his balls.

I bobbed up and down a few times just to see how deep I could take him. When I came up, Josh put his right hand under my chin and stopped me for a moment. "You don't even know how hot your ass is, do you?" Josh asked.

"No one's ever said that who wasn't trying to get inside it," I answered.

"You sway when you get me deep," he explained.

"Then let me get back to it," I murmured. I took him back in my mouth. For the first time, I'd really felt sexy, and I'm sure it showed in the way I moved. I was more aware of the air in the room flowing under my cunt lips and my tits than I'd ever been before. As I pulled back, I could see his balls contract. I looked up again with an expression that gave him the okay. I pulled back so I could feel his cum as it flowed over my tongue.

When he finished coming, I sat up next to him. He put his hand on my pussy and asked, "What do you want to do next?"

He stroked my lips once, and I said, "That." I could only enjoy it for a minute when I looked at his alarm clock. "Shit! The laundry room closes at ten. We need to get our clothes into the dryer now if we want to get 'em out by then."

Josh got up and opened his closet. "I'd offer you a bathrobe, but I only have two, and they're both in the wash."

I looked past him to his closet. "There's something I've always wanted to do," I said. I got up and looked at his shirts. I found a nice striped one and put it over my otherwise naked body.

"God, you look sexy in that," Josh said. "I can't wait to get you back out of it." He put on a pair of swim trunks and flip-flops. I put my sneakers back on, and we headed back to the laundry room. A woman my grandmother's age was doing laundry, so we couldn't do anything except move our clothes to the dryer.

On our way back, I stopped Josh in the stair well. I held him close and rubbed his butt. "It's as tight as I imagined," I told him.

"So were you a few minutes ago," he laughed.

"Take me here," I pleaded.

"Are you sure?" Josh asked. I nodded. He put his hands on my thighs and lifted me onto the window sill. While he pulled his dick out of his swim trunks, I opened up the unbuttoned his shirt to let him in. I wrapped my legs around him. He was just about to slide it inside my pussy when we heard a door open a couple flights above us.

I lost my nerve. "I love that you were willing to do that for me," I told him.

"I'll do more when we get back," he assured me.

"I'm gonna hold you to that," I said.

We ran to his apartment. As soon as I'd closed the door behind us, we got out of our clothes and Josh asked me, "Was that your only letter?"

Saying no would have killed the conversation, so I told a half-truth. "They didn't print anything else I sent in."

"Tell me more."

I remembered a real-life incident. "One time I was visiting a friend out of town and we went out drinking. We were both feeling silly. When we were in the elevator going back to her apartment, she pressed the stop button. We kissed and made out a little. In the letter, I said that I fingered her and she went down on me, and when we got back inside, she got out her two-headed dildo."

Josh laughed. "So you expected them to believe that you'd never had any leanings like that, but she just happened to have a double dildo?"

"I guess they didn't believe it," I said. "Like I said, they didn't publish it."

"You really like having your pussy eaten, don't you?" Josh asked.

"Doesn't every woman?"

"Most of 'em. But you've told me about two letters where someone ate you out and none where you got fucked. With a dick, I mean." He smiled again and asked, "Or maybe it's just been too long. When was the last time you sixty-nined?" I was nervous enough that I had to pause. He said, "That's too long." Now I wanted him even more than ever. He took my hand and led me to his bedroom. He got on his back, and I climbed over him.

I was able to take him a little deeper from this angle. I went up and down a few times, but I had to keep stopping because his tongue made me tingle each time it brushed across my clit or my lips. I forced myself to ignore the feeling a couple times so that I could take his whole length in. His hips were moving, but he wasn't forcing himself in. I spread my legs and lowered my pussy over his mouth. Josh responded by running his tongue between my lips. He put his thumb over my clit and rubbed it in circles while he ran his tongue across the edge of each of my pussy lips. "Don't tease me like that," I said. He wasn't really, but I was eager to see what areas he could reach with his tongue.

Josh left my clit alone and used his fingers to hold my pussy open. He didn't get as far in as I'd hoped, but he felt so good around the sides that I didn't care. This was a guy who really liked eating pussy, not just someone who did it because he expected a blow job out of it. I wanted to see what he could do when gravity was on his side. I sucked the air out of my mouth, took him all the way in and tickled his balls. That was enough to get him to come. I pulled him back a little so I could feel his cum traveling across my tongue. It wasn't the best-tasting cum I've ever had, but it was remarkably unsalty.

Once I'd swallowed the last of his cum, I rolled onto my back. Josh moved over so we were still in a 69. This time he pulled my lips out on each side and ran his tongue in between the crests. I moved his hands away and held my pussy open for him. Now that he didn't have to do that, he put his hands underneath me and was able to probe my pussy deeply, the way I love. He used it like a little dick, poking in and out, but changing the angle enough that I never felt it the same place twice. I wanted to do something for him to show my appreciation, so I put my hands on his balls and took them in my mouth. Well, I tried anyway. They were too big to do at the same time, so I took each one in and held it for a few seconds.

Josh had a little bit of stubble at this time of the evening, and the feeling of it grazing my clit combined with his talented tongue put me over the top. "Shit, yes! Yes! I want you to fuck me!" I pleaded.

Josh didn't speak until he'd lapped up the last of my juices. "I want it too," he said. "Besides, I'm starting to miss the sight of your breasts."

I moved off him and positioned myself on all fours. I looked back at him and asked, "Who says you're gonna see 'em while you fuck me?"

He thought for a moment and said, "Well, they're gonna sway, so I'll still see 'em." I raised my butt and waited. He put his hands on my hips. I wasn't disappointed. I knew he had a big cockhead from sucking it, and I could feel my cunt lips separating as he slid inside me. I could feel the line it traced on the back of my wall as he moved back and forth. My new boyfriend knelt down and put his right arm underneath me. He palmed my right nipple, then the left, and he held my right tit close while he did it.

"You feel so good, Josh," I moaned.

"I know what you mean," he said. "It's like you were made to hold me."

"Switch hands. I wanna feel the same thing the other way."

"I've got a better idea," he said. He pulled me up so we were both on our knees. Now he was fucking up into me instead of across, and he was able to cover both breasts with his left arm. He pulled it back, brought his right hand up and rubbed both my tits at once.

"I wish you were one of those conceited guys with a mirror in his bedroom. I wanna see if this looks as sexy from the front as it does looking down." At that moment, his right hand slipped and grazed the top of my pussy. He reached in and started rubbing the edges of my lips.

I thrust my hips back against him to get his cock deeper inside me. It only took a couple more thrusts, and he announced, "I'm gonna come, Honey! Do you want me to pull out?"

"Hell, no. Give it to me, Josh!" It wasn't till I answered that I was alarmed that he called me Honey.

"Now *I* wish I had a mirror," he said. "But since I don't, let's back down." He loosened his grip and let me get back on my knees. He held my hips firmly. Just before his cum shot into my cunt, he explained, "I've never come it in that position before. I wasn't sure you'd get very much if we stayed that way."

He stayed inside for a good minute, and he was still coming when he slid out. I could feel his cum dripping down my leg when he did. "I got plenty, thanks," I said.

We moved onto our sides and faced each other. I palmed Josh's chest, and he started playing with my pussy again. I lifted my thigh so he could get a finger inside me. He got one, then two and three. "Oh, sweetie, you make me feel so great," I cried. Shit! I'd called him Sweetie.

"I'll make you feel even better," he said.

I rolled onto my back and told him, "Make love to me." Goddammit, this was getting out of hand.

As soon as I'd spread my legs, Josh moved between them and started licking my pussy lips again. "This is such a beautiful sight," he said. "Looking down at your pussy and up at your breasts. How 'bout putting your hands on 'em?" I was happy to oblige. "Oh, yeah, Baby, shake those titties." That was more like it. Then he replaced my hands with his, palming my nipples while he probed my depths with his tongue. In this position, he went deeper than any other guy I've been with. Just when I thought he was going to put me over the top like that, he stopped. "Oh, that's right, you wanted me to make love to you." Dammit, he remembered I'd called it that. My lips had already separated. He put his cock over the space between them and made a sawing motion with it.

"Fuck me already!" I blurted out.

Josh pulled back and had no problem ramming his dick inside me. "You love this, don't you?" I nodded. "You like how I make love." I nodded again. Shit! He leaned over me, and I pulled him down close. "I love how your tits feel against me," he said.

I had to dispel any feeling of romance. "I love how your cock feels in my cunt," I told him.

"I want to fill you with my love juices," Josh said.
