 Copyright © 2008 Sven the Elder

Walking home, engrossed in each other, as they had been, the onset of the summer rain shower caught them by surprise. Gentle at first they hadn't bothered to hurry, then the clap of thunder announced a new intensity. Still holding hands had they been younger they might have broken into a run. Given their age they just ended up wet! 

Turning up the path of their secluded holiday cottage on the edge of the coast they ambled round the back onto the outside, covered, veranda. 

They dripped as they turned to look out at the passing rainsquall, now heading off out to sea, overtaking the odd boat or two as it went. 

She stood, hands on the rail, facing away from him gazing at the view. Coming up behind her he eased his hands under her sopping tea-shirt stroking and fondling her unfettered breasts. He kissed her neck as he did so. She still stood facing the sea, but reached behind her fondled the growing bulge, then she undid the zip, sliding her hands in and encouraging his penis to the ready hardness for what they both wanted. His shorts, now undone, ended up sliding down of their own accord and he stepped out of them. She shuddered a little in anticipation as he did so. Now he eased her t-shirt over her head just leaving her standing in her wet skirt. He ran his fingertips down her neck and leaning in kissed her. She shuddered again, and then again as he ran his fingertips down her beautiful, pendulous breasts. He reached her hardening nipples and leaning forward he first licked and then suckled the now hard tips. She groaned, as he knew she would, the sensations running straight to her sex.

He moved and knelt in front of her, undoing her skirt so as it fell to the ground leaving her naked, for she wore no panties that day. He kissed slowly down her front. Tickling her 'inny', then on down her belly finally reaching her grey, sparsely--haired mound. Her lips reddened, opened and began to gently leak the wonderful juice of her readiness onto his seeking tongue. She raised a foot and placed it on his shoulder as she leaned back against the rail, opening herself wider to the ministrations of his questing, now pushing against it. He pulled a chair from behind and sat in front of her, then helping her to sit onto the wide veranda rail as she wrapped both legs behind his head pullinh him to her. Finally he reached what she wanted as he touched her bud and at the same time easing a forefinger gently up inside. Her groans became a wail and the moisture a flow as she came hard against his face.

She held there, rigid, in spasm, head thrown back, as the 'little death' took her. Then -- still no words spoken -- she pushed him away, turned to face him and knelt on the floor between his legs - his hard and ready cock -- rampant and throbbing in her hands. Looking him in the eyes she licked the drop forming at the eye. Then she swirled her tongue round the crown following by what she knew he loved. 

Slowly engulfing him.

All of him. 

Right down until he felt himself entering her throat.

Right down until he felt her nose bump him.

God!! How did she do that? No-one else he had ever known could take all of him.

Then slowly she relinquished his length, slowly back over the crown, slowly kissing and loving the tip.

"Enough! I want you now!" Her scant words were softly spoken.

She stood and using his cock she gently pulled him to his feet, steered him to one side. Momentarily she let him go to drag a lounger mattress onto the deck then kneeling again made him lie down on his back.

Once again she moved forward and caressed the corona with her tongue, making him ready for her. Then she knelt astride. Held him to her waiting, greedy entrance and eased his bulbous crown into her. Eyes shut in pleasure and concentration she waited a second or so as her body accommodated the large head. Now, waiting over, she slipped down in that long slide, the exquisite pleasure of awaited impalement.

Grey-haired mound to grey-haired groin, buried deep to the hilt!

They lay -- cock-conjoined - still, absorbing the pleasure of their coupling

He flexed himself inside her and she caught her breath, shutting her eyes to the wave of pleasure that soared through to the far depths of her soul. She leant forward so her wonderful, bosom and nipples could came to his mouth as he gathered them together to suckle both at the same time.

Now she squeezed down on him.

He nipped her teats gently with his teeth in return and she squeezed again, harder this time. He moved his hands to cup and hold the cheeks of her rear as he moved at first gently then with more urgency inside her. 

"Come for me." He whispered. 

"Oh yes, my lover," her response as she ground her clit against him, now riding him hard, their bodies slapping and slipping together. And then they were lost in the rising passion -- their swift arriving climax crashing in on them both as he arched -- spearing deep up into her - pulsing his life force where it belonged. 

The tableau held for a few long seconds, their breathing ragged in the passion reached, then slowly they came down from their high and he held her to him, still deep, deep inside. He, and she -- his loving and long-time mistress, wondering at the ardour they still could feel. 

They dozed -- still coupled -- as the afternoon sunshine returned - life and love were good.

Sven the Elder

© Spring 2008.