 Friday couldn't come fast enough for Deji. Time seemed to drag agonizingly slow as he counted the seconds, minutes, and hours as the days went by. It was a painful and very nervous one week. 

Finally, to his relief, it was Thursday evening. He picked up his phone and dialed her.

"Hey you."

"Hi babe. Are you ready for your trip tomorrow?"

"Why are you so anxious?"

"Why won't I be?"

"Relax, young man." She said cheerfully.

"Deola, that's me you're calling a young man, y'know?"

"So?"

"Okay. No vex. I'm just anxious to see you again."

"Okay oh, Mr. Lover man. I will try leave here as early as possible. Are you ready to receive a very important visitor?"

"I'm ready for you." Throughout the day, he had taken his time to clean up his room. He spent hours meticulously dusting, sweeping, wiping and airing out everywhere. He scrubbed and disinfected his bathroom until the tiles gleamed white. He dusted his mattress and laid out a clean bed sheet. He made sure everything was well arranged and in the right places. He planned to go to the market the following morning to buy stuff for food too.

"Yes, I'm ready to receive anyone."

"Really? Hmm..."

"Do you want me to send you some money to add to your transport fare?"

"Are you saying I can't afford to come there on my own?" she sounded offended.

"No oh Deola. It's not like that. I just thought..."

"Thought what?"

"...Okay I'm sorry."

"I can afford to pay my own fare. You don't need to insinuate you are forcing me to come."

"I'm sorry. It's the anxiety in me."

"I'm also anxious to see you too, but I can afford to pay my TP."

"I'm sorry."

"Better."

"I'll try and see if I can leave in time. Ilorin to Ibadan is about three to four hours. I have a few things to take care of in the morning. I'll be there latest by six in the evening."

"Sure."

"Can't wait to see you again."

"Me too."

"G'nite. Dream of me okay?"

"I surely will."

===========================================================================

Friday morning. Deji woke up early. He did a last minute one-over on his room, making sure everything was in order once again before going out to the market. He bought some ingredients to prepare stew and vegetable soup. Having been cooking since he was nine, he had no problem in the kitchen. Soon a couple of his neighbors were knocking on his door.

"Man yi, o fe di wa ni imu ni(do you want to block our noses?)" he heard Kola, one of the guy opposite his room yell through his open door.

"A nbo wa jeun oh(we're coming over to have some of that delicious meal)." Dele, his roommate chirped in.

"Eyin guys, no show oh. I dey expect very important visitor." Deji fired back. He stepped out of his small kitchen to meet them both standing in the middle of his room.

"Shey l'oto(really)? Who she be?"

"Who told you it's a she?"

"So you think a man will spend all his morning cooking for another man? You no serious. Abeg lay down the koko jare." said Kola.

Deji laughed. "Na my babe. She's coming for the weekend."

"Hmm!! After you feed her full belle, you will "feed" her "FULL BELLE" abi?" Dele stated, implying a big belly with his hands. "Ekun!!"

"Eyin boys yii sha."

"We must meet this babe oh." Dele said.

"I will try."

"Try kini? I'll be watching your door throughout today. Shey o ti lo opa eyin e? Ma fa idi omo olomo ya oh(don't fuck the girl to death)."

Laughing loudly, Deji dished out some of his vegetable soup for his friends before shooing the two nosy guys out of his room.

"See, the guy even arranged his room. Ojo wo lo tun yara shey ko wa tidy bayi last (When last did you take care of your room)? The power of abuna."

============================================================================

Around two o'clock that afternoon Deola sent him a text to let him know she was on her way. To while away the time, Deji decided to watch a movie, but he realized he kept on glancing at his watch every five minutes. He watched as the clock hands dragged slowly till it was almost six in the evening. He didn't want to call her as he didn't want to sound desperate. He just waited for her to call.

Around six-forty, Deola called to tell him she had arrived Ojoo.

"I know my way to campus. Where will you come get me?"

"There's an eatery opposite the school gate. I'm heading there now. I will be waiting for you there."

"Okay. See you soon."

Fifteen minutes later, Deji was standing in front of the eatery. His heart was beating. Finally, the moment had come. The moment he had been waiting for. Would he still recognize her? How would he act when he saw her? He put his hands in his pocket to steady his trembling fingers.

Deola paid the bus conductor and got down. She looked around and spotted the eatery. Looking closer, she saw a lanky guy standing in front of the eatery looking around. She picked her phone from her bag and dialed Deji's number. She saw the guy dip his hand into his pocket and fish out his phone, turning around in the process. One look at his face and she knew it was him. Carefully watching the traffic, she crossed the street to meet him.

Deji didn't realize she had arrived until she was almost standing in front of him. After such a long time, they were finally face to face again.

"Deola." Deji gasped, the words failing him.

Deola smiled. "Yes, Deji...it's me."

They both hugged each other. Deji looked her over.

"What happened to you?"

"What do you mean?"

"You look...slimmer. Curvier."

Deola laughed. "Nothing. I've always been like this."

She had on a red tank top which her breasts bulged against invitingly. Her slim waist flowed into her round hips on which sat a pair of dark blue jeans. He caught a glimpse of her midriff as she stood back. A pair of low heel sandals decked her feet, her beautiful toes with the bright red toe-polish peeking out gracefully. Her long braids cascaded down to the middle of her back, a small red scarf tied just above it. A light touch of red lipstick coated her luscious lips. A silver chain adorned her slim neck, the receding and fading rays of the evening sun catching its brilliant shine. A matching pair of earrings completed the picture. She looked adorable.

"You look much more beautiful than the last time I saw you."

"Why thank you." she replied smiling. Already many heads were turning, their hungry eyes staring at her.

Deji picked up her bag and led her to his place. They walked the ten minutes it took to get there, chatting all the way, his eyes not leaving her for one minute. Her body moved only the way angels do, her hips swaying magnificently. He studied her shapely round arse, watched as her breasts bounced as she walked, her beautiful gait as she moved. He felt his throat go dry with desire. Soon, they arrived his place. 

"Welcome to my humble abode. It's not much, but it's home." He ushered her in. Deola removed her shoes and looked around the room. A medium sized mattress with two fluffy pillows lay neatly in one corner. The dark blue carpet looked nice. A small table with some books neatly stacked sat at the window. A TV and DVD player stood on another low table at the foot of the mattress. She observed two doors which perhaps led to the bathroom and kitchen. Deola felt comfortable immediately. She turned around to face Deji who had picked up her shoes and was placing them on the shoe rack beside the door. He stood back up and looked at her beaming at him.

"Welcome to my house dear. Do you want anything to..."

He didn't finish his statement because before he realized what was happening, she had closed the distance between them and planted her lips on his. They kissed eagerly and hungrily, her arms flying around his neck, his pulling her closer as he squashed her lovely lithe body into his. They fumbled and groped at each other, their desires for each other strong. Still kissing deeply, they stumbled towards and fell on the bed, her body on top of his. They continued to kiss each other for a while before they came back up for air.

"Hi." Deola greeted him.

"Hi?" Deji said back breathless.

"It's been quite a long while. I really needed to get that out of my system." She said with a smile.

"Missed me?" she asked, staring into his eyes.

Deji stared back into her huge eyes. For the first time he noticed she wore contacts. "Yeah. I surely did miss you."

"It's been more than seven months. I never for once forgot about you." She said, batting her eyelashes at him.

Deji stared down her deep cleavage, her jugs squashed against his chest. He looked back into her eyes and caught her looking at him mischievously. He pulled her head towards him and kissed her again.

She rested her head against his shoulder, her hand slowly rubbing his chest. She pinched his nipple lightly, and to her delight felt his cock begin to slowly grow under her. She laughed and sat up. Deji sat beside her. 

"Are you hungry?" he asked her.

"Not really. I'm only hungry for you right now." She responded slyly.

"Okay. Do you want something to drink then?"

"What do you have?"

"I have some lemon juice in the fridge in the kitchen."

"Okay." She stood up. "Which is the kitchen?"

"I'll get it for you."

"Don't worry I will. We have a lot of catching up to do. I want to know what you've been up to since the last time we saw each other."

He pointed out his kitchen and watched as she walked majestically towards the door. She turned around and caught him staring at her arse.

"See your eye like rat own. Abeg stop staring at my yansh jare!!"

Laughing out loud, she waltzed into the kitchen while he picked up his remote to switch on the TV. He heard her open up the fridge and the sound of liquid being poured into glasses. A few moments later she came out with a glass of juice in each hand.

She handed him one and they sat down to catch up, taking sips from their glasses as they talked. Deji remembered the way she spoke easily the first night they were together. Their conversation flowed freely as they filled up the gaps of time. 

"I'm hungry." She announced about an hour later. Deji stood up and headed into the kitchen. He dished out a large plate of rice and the vegetable soup he had prepared earlier in the day. Deola watched as he brought the food out and set it on the table. He pulled the chairs out and sat down in one.

"Alrite babe, food is ready." he announced. 

Deola stood up. She picked up the empty glasses of juice and waltzed to the kitchen, eyeing him seductively as she walked pass. She refilled the glasses, set them down beside the delicious looking plate of food and instead of sitting in the other chair, she plopped herself smack onto his laps. Deji could feel her soft buns nicely.

"Feed me." She purred.

Trembling slightly, he forked up some food from the plate and positioned it against her lips. He fed her a couple of forkfuls before taking some into his mouth. He fed her silently, staring into her ocean blue eyes as she ate. She wrapped an arm around his shoulder and rested her head slightly on his chest as she chewed. Her other hand gently caressed his chest and rested over his heart, feeling it beat.

"You sure know how to cook well." Deola commented as he shoveled another forkful into her mouth.

"Guys of today have to know how to cook. All you young ladies of this generation know how to do is form and take selfies. Half of you don't even know how to boil water."

She guffawed loudly. "Don't think so oh!! I know how to cook very well."

"Indeed."

"Yes oh. You think what you cooked here is food?"

"You just said I cook well."

"That is just to swell your head. I'm just managing your food because I'm hungry ni oh."

"Oh really?"

"Yesss ke!! I'll show you what real cooking is tomorrow."

Deji laughed again and fed her the last few forkfuls. She swallowed and he poised her glass of juice for her to take a long drink. She burped loudly.

"Wow, excuse me." She said, stifling a yawn.

"Bush girl."

Deola gave her a weird what-the-heck-do-you-mean look and stood up. Deji cleared the empty plate and glasses. He looked at the time. It was just going on to nine o'clock. Darkness had already descended outside and the sounds of rumbling from the neighbors drifted faintly into the room.

"Gosh I'm tired." Deola announced. "I think I'll just take a bath and go to bed."

"At this time?"

"Yeah."

"Well, you've had a long day. You deserve some rest."

He went back to sit on the bed and grabbed the remote again. Deola squatted and unzipped her bag. She brought out her toiletries and other feminine products and placed them on the table. His heart beating in his chest, he watched her as she slowly undressed, first removing the red scarf on her head, then raised up her hands as she pulled the tank top off her body. His eyes almost popped out as her huge breasts bulged out. He quickly looked at the curtains to be sure they were closed. Looking back at her, she had unbuttoned her jeans and had bent over to pull them off. She now stood in only her underwear. He couldn't breathe. His rod began to tingle. Deola saw him staring at her flustered.

"What?" she asked.

"What's what?" he croaked.

"Why are you staring at me like that? Haven't you seen a lady in her underwear before?"

Deji didn't respond and she reached behind her back and unhooked her bra. Her firm D-cups bounced into view and he swallowed. She discarded the piece of cloth and stood there in only her red panties. She raised her arms to tie her hair up into a bun, the motion pushing his focus on her body up, making the big puppies only seem bigger. She smiled when she noticed him uncomfortably trying to adjust his baggy shorts. She does look a bit slimmer than the last time, he thought. Slimmer and much bustier. She watched amused as his eyes followed her hands as they roamed over her curves. From her tummy, cupping her breasts, her round hips and then down to the inverted triangle between her legs. Deola almost laughed out loud at the expression on his face. She could now clearly see the huge bulge in his shorts as it snaked down his thigh.

"You men are all the same. Can't stand the sight of a woman in front of you without reacting." Deola smirked at him, gesturing at his bulge in mock disgust.

"When you pack those huge watermelons full chest, why won't there be crisis?" 

Deola burst out laughing again. "Deji, you are just too funny. Fun mi ni towel ki n lo we joooooo (give me a towel and let me go and bath)."

Deji pointed to where his towel was and she wrapped it around her body. She looked at him invitingly and turned gracefully into the bathroom, picking up her toiletries along the way. For the next twenty minutes, Deji pondered whether to join her, staring at the TV screen but not seeing anything. He imagined her hot body covered in lather as she washed up. His mind imagined him in there with her, running his hands over her body and huge breasts while she stroked his soapy cock, their lips locked in a deep kiss and their tongues wrestling for control over each other.

Just before he finally made up his mind to go join her in the bathroom, she came out looking all refreshed and clean. The towel hung loosely around her body and the fresh scent of her body wash filled the room.

"I really needed that." She sighed contented.

Deji decided to have a shower too and snatching the towel off a giggling Deola, he headed inside. He stayed there for a while, trying to cool down his now raging boner. The cold water did the trick and soon his rod had calmed down. He stepped out of the shower and met her sitting in a different pair of panties at the table doing whatever women did to prepare for the night. He dressed up and lay back on the bed. After about ten minutes, Deola stood up.

"What are you still doing in your clothes?" she asked, still standing in only her now blue panties.

"What do you mean?" his eyes stuck to her bare and swaying boobs.

"What I said." She responded. "It's hot in here."

"The fan is on. The window is open. It's not hot."

"It is to me." She knelt down beside him on the bed.

"So you want to sleep...like this?"

"So? You have a problem with that?"

"N...no...not at all. I just..."

"Good. Get out of your clothes. I can't stand another clothed body beside me when I want to sleep naked."

Deji hesitated a bit, and slowly removed his shirt and pulled down his shorts. The cool air from the fan made him shiver a bit. He lay back down with only his boxers on.

"That's better." Deola said. 

She lay down and snuggled up to him, resting her head on his shoulder and threw an arm across his body. In that position, her bare breasts rested firmly against his naked chest. He felt himself begin to nod again.

"What'cha watching?" she asked after making herself comfortable.

"Nothing really." He had mindlessly been flicking through the channels. 

"Is the door locked?" she asked suddenly.

"I guess so."

"Please check." 

Deji gently rolled her off him and stood up to check the door. He made sure to secure it properly.

"Close the curtains properly and switch off the light too."

He checked the curtains. No one could see them from outside. He switched the light off and the room was plunged into darkness. The only light illuminating the room came from the TV. He returned to the bed and Deola snuggled up into his arms again.

They watched the movie playing on the TV in silence for a while. Deola caressed the minute hairs on the parts of her chest her massive jugs didn't cover. Deji was more preoccupied with trying to control his throbbing dick. It pulsated with every heartbeat. She pushed her thigh upwards and gently nudged his cock. Her hand wandered down from his chest, slowly caressing his bare skin until it disappeared under the covers. He glanced down to her face and noticed her eyes were still focused on the movie. He felt her gently stroke his belly before ever so lightly trace her fingers around the outline of his tool. She looked up at him with puppy eyes.

Out of sight under the covers, her fingers tickled the underside of his stiff cock through his boxers. Each touch made it jerk. Bolts of pleasure shot through his brains and he shuddered. Deola's breath began to come in short gasps as she began to get aroused. She felt the blood begin to rush to her nipples and her cunt get moist. Deji felt her tips grow hard on his chest.

"You're...hard." Deola breathed up to him. She slowly pulled the duvet off them to reveal her thigh across him, her hand resting on his bulge.

"It's so...hard." She repeated.

"You made him that way" 

Deji cupped one of her breasts. He squeezed the nipple, making her gasp. He felt her dip her hand into his boxers and she brought his dick out. They both watched as a large drop of slimy precum appeared, drooling and pooling onto his belly. She continued to caress him as more slimy stuff poured out.

"Wow Deji. When last were you with a woman?"

"Not since our night together."

"That's a lie!!" Deola said in surprise. She sat up abruptly, her fingers still wrapped around his shaft.

"I'm serious."

"You want to tell me since that night, this..." she gave his rod a shake, "this...anaconda hasn't bared its fangs to any other girl?"

"It's true."

Deola didn't want to believe him, but one look into his eyes and she knew he was telling the truth. Her heart fluttered.

"Why?" she whispered.

"Well...to be honest...apart from my schoolwork, you were all that occupied my mind for a long while." He saw some compassion grow on her face. "I didn't want anything or anyone to be in the way if you decided to call and discuss about...you know...that night...about what was next for...us."

"You're flattering me." she whispered.

"I'm not."
