 The episode I am about to relate took place in the winter break following the summer vacations in which I had had the good fortune to deflower my cousins Madhu and Sudha and their friend Lata. (For more details read the series 'Loves of Ramu' written by my good friend Sahebji). 

I was looking forward to the month long winter break so that I could again fuck my three beauties daily.. But this was not to be. As they say 'man proposes, God disposes'. I received a letter from my mother insisting that I should come home during these holidays. Excuses like pressure of studies etc. did not cut any ice with her. I could not persuade her to relent. Just as well as things did work out well. When the break started I packed my bags and left for home. I was looking at a month of boredom with no one to fuck.

The day after my arrival, I strolled around the neighborhood visiting all the places, which were my haunts during school days. When I reached the Play Park in which all the children of our locality used to play, I saw a girl sitting on a swing. Coming nearer I recognised her, she was Cassie. Seeing her on the swing brought back the memories of yesteryears. 

Cassie was the daughter of a police officer. She lived not too far away from my house. Although Cassie was a couple of years younger to me, we were childhood friends. She was very intelligent. We went to the same school. She was a little tomboyish. She preferred to play with boys than girls. We used to wrestle and play other such rough games together. I recalled that as a young girl also she was passionately fond of playing on the swing. 

When I had become aware of sex, during our games on every opportunity I used to press her small tits several times and even tried to touch her cunt. Either she did not notice, or chose not to say anything. I was always willing to give her a push on the swing. Not because I liked doing it but it afforded me the opportunity to look under her billowing skirt. Most of the time I was able to see her panty only. Sometimes she stood on the swing with her legs apart. It was on these occasions that I got a deeper look at her panty-covered valley between her legs. That night I would masturbate myself to sleep. 

I approached her from behind and said, 'Cassie how are you?' Lazily she turned her head towards me. When she recognised me she got excited. She jumped off the swing and embraced me. She kissed me wildly on my cheeks and said, 'Ramu oh Ramu you are back' then suddenly she released me and stepping back asked me in a calm voice 'Ramu when did you come back? 'I came home only last evening' I told her. 'How long are you going to be with us? she asked. 'I am here for the winter break' I replied. 

I stepped back and looked at her. I remembered Cassie as a gawky, thin girl with unruly long hair. Now she had grown into a beautiful young lady. She was wearing a blood red sweater and a black skirt. Her sweater was tightly hugging her tits accentuating their beauty. She was 5'6" tall and had short bobbed hair that suited her longish face. Her boobs were of just the right size for her tall slim body. She had a marvelous figure. 'Cassie you are beautiful' I told her. She blushed and said, 'Thank you. You are also looking good'. We just stood there talking about old times. 

Then I asked, 'Cassie are you still very fond of the swing? Would you like me to give you a push?' 'You remember? It would be just like old times' she said and hurriedly climbed on to the swing. As expected, her skirt billowed up. I looked under her skirt and could only see her white panty. She worked the swing higher and higher. She changed her position and stood with her legs apart. I could, as in the past, see right up to her panty-covered valley of love. Only difference was that this time I espied a wet spot between her legs. 

She remained on the swing for ten minutes or so. Then she came down and stood panting before me. 'Cassie did you enjoy yourself?' I inquired. Still panting She replied 'Of course, I enjoyed myself. The question is how did you enjoy the view? 'What view? I replied innocently. 'Ramu don't you dare try to be coy with me. I have known for several years now why you were always so keen to give me a push on the swing. Did you enjoy what you saw?' she said. I decided the time for play-acting was over and said, 'What I really wanted to see was not your panty but what it is guarding so jealously'. 

She blushed and said, 'Ramu are you trying to tell me that you have never seen a girl naked? I don't believe you'. 'Of course I have seen naked women but can one ever see enough? Cassie tell me have you ever seen a man naked?' she turned red and with downcast eyes said softly, 'No I haven't'. I pressed further with the subject and said, 'I have a proposition for you. You can see me naked provided you also show me all you have'. She was silent for sometime and then said, 'You will touch me'. 'Of course I will touch you. You can also touch me as much as you like' I replied. 

She didn't say anything and turned to leave. 'What have you decided?' I asked. 'I will tell you tomorrow' she said and ran towards her house. 'When and where?' I shouted after her. 'Tomorrow, here at the same time' she shouted back. On my way home I thought that maybe my visit here wouldn't be so boring as I had anticipated. 

That night, I could hardly sleep. The suspense was killing me. Next day I reached the park well before the appointed time. To my surprise, Cassie was already there. At first we talked about this and that. Then I looked at her and raised my eyebrow in a questioning gesture. Cassie blushed sweetly and nodded. I was so happy and relieved that I wanted to embrace and kiss her right there and then. Being in a public place I refrained from doing so. 

'Where shall we go? I asked Cassie. 'I don't know' she replied. 'We can't go to your house or mine, we have to find some other place. What about going to a hotel with me?' I said. 'No Ramu, please not to a hotel. Hotels are dirty and there are too many people around. What if someone knows us? My father would kill me. Please Ramu not a hotel' she begged with tears in her eyes. 'Please Cassie, don't cry. You know I would never impose my will on you. What ever you do, do it only if you wish to do it. Well, hotel is out of the question. Let me think. Maybe I can think of some other safe place. I will call you as soon as possible' I told her. 

Here again lady luck came to my rescue. The same evening by chance, I met my old friend Saheb Sahebji. Though Saheb was several years older to me we were good friends. He invited me to his rooms. For a long time we sat chatting but my mind was not in it. He noticed my preoccupation and asked, 'Ramu do you have a problem? Tell me. May be I can help'. Reluctantly I told him about my predicament. He immediately offered his rooms saying, 'Ramu my rooms are empty every day between 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. You can use them if you want. I only get home from work after six in the evening. I can stay away longer if you so desire. Please, just don't do anything which could get us both in trouble'. I thanked him for his offer; I promised to be careful. 

Saheb had just the right accommodation for a bachelor, a small one room flat consisting of a bedroom, a sitting room with a small niche with a table for eating and a small kitchenette. After thanking him and collecting a spare key I left. First thing in the morning, I rang up Cassie and asked her to meet me in the Play Park in an hour. Armed with the key I went to keep our rendezvous. Excitedly brandishing the key, I narrated the whole story to Cassie. 'Have you told your friend about me? she asked. 'Of course not. I told him a girl. I did not give him any names or any other detail. 'You want me to go to your friend's flat?' she asked. 'Yes Cassie, it is perfectly safe and no one will see or recognise us there' I told her. 'What about your friend? He will see me' she said. 'My friend? Oh, no, he won't see you either. He works from 10 to 6. I tell you Cassie it is the ideal place. It is nice, clean and safe. Please say yes'. 'Okay Ramu if you say so, I agree' she said. 

Next afternoon we met at the appointed place and I escorted her to Saheb's room. She was understandably very nervous. First she inspected the rooms thoroughly. When she had satisfied herself that we were alone she came and stood in front of me. We looked at each other then I asked, 'Cassie how would you like to proceed. Will you like to undress first or should I?' she remained silent and lowered her eyes. 'I tell you what? We will undress simultaneously. Is this okay with you? I suggested. Still staring at the carpet she said very softly, 'Haan theek hai (Yes it is okay)'. Her hand started to unbutton the top most button of her blouse. I in the mean while quickly pulled off my shirt. I looked at Cassie. 

She was staring vacantly past me and still nervously struggling with the first button. I took her in my arms and kissed her lightly on her lips and asked, 'Cassie do you want me to help you?' she placed her head on my chest and said, 'Yes Ramu please'. I undid her blouse buttons and took it off. She did not hinder me. I then snapped open her bra. Her beautiful tits fell free. Oh how pretty they looked. I wanted to fondle them and kiss them but resisted. I then took off her skirt and panty. I then quickly became naked. All this while Cassie stood there with her eyes tightly shut. 'Cassie please open your eyes' I asked her. She opened her eyes but in a flash shut them tightly again. 

'Cassie please open your eyes' I requested her again. One by one she opened her eyes. She stared at my erection with awe. 'Oh, aadmi ka laurda itna barda hota hai? (Oh, a man's cock is so large?)' she exclaimed. I said, 'Take it in your hand if you want' I offered. She hesitated. I caught her hand and placed it on my hard lund. She moved her hand from top to bottom. Then she went down on her knees and started to inspect it more closely. Suddenly a big drop of pre-cum appeared on the tip of my cock. 'What is this? Ramu are you coming?' surprised she said. 'No my dear, I am not coming. It is my pre-cum. When a girl is sexually excited her choot becomes wet. Similarly when a man is aroused his cock starts to ooze pre-cum.' I explained to her. 

I then asked,' Cassie darling tell me are you wet?' She nodded and blushed furiously. 'Cassie lick the pre-cum with your tongue' I suggested. Cassie shook her head vehemently. She continued to inspect my genitals. She handled and squeezed my balls. Moved the foreskin of my cock up and down. After fifteen minutes she stood up. I said, 'Cassie come in the bedroom, now it is my turn'. 'No, not in the bedroom. See what you want to see here only' she said. 'Sweetheart you know very well that I can't see what I want when you are standing. You require to be lying down for me to see you properly. Please come to the bedroom'. Without any further ado she let me lead her into the bedroom. 

As she lay on the bed with her eyes closed, I looked at her closely. She was looking very pretty. Her boobs were excellently shaped with large light brown nipples. Her nipples were hard and pointing towards the ceiling. She had trimmed her pubic hair to the minimum. It was a sight for the Gods. I kissed her on her lips and said, 'Cassie you are very beautiful. I have never seen such beautiful tits in my life before. 'I am going to kiss them' I said and translated my words into action. 

She moaned softly. I started to suck her erect nipples. Her moans became louder. I ran my fingers between her cunt lips. 'Oh Ramu' she moaned. I moved my lips to her choot and started to lick it and suck her clit. She pressed her legs together and shouted, 'Ramuuu what are you doing? Please stop. I can't bear it. I will die'. Ignoring her protests I continued. She then raised her bottoms pressing them against my lips and said, 'Oh please don't stop, it is wonderful. I have never felt like this before. Please doonn't stoooppp. I am nearly there. H...yesss I am there. I am commmmminnnng'. She came with a loud sigh 'AAAHHHH' and with wide-open legs she fell back on the bed panting. I continued to lick and suck her clit till she had come two more times. 

I got on top of her and started to rub my lund between her cunt lips. She quickly pressed her legs together and moaned, 'Ramu tum kya chahaaate ho? Tumhaara laurda bahut garam lag raha hai (Ramu what do you want? Your cock feels so hot)'. 'Cassie mujhe tumme chodne ka bahut dil kar raha hai (Cassie I want to fuck you very badly)'. "Oh Ramu I am scared' 'There is nothing to be scared about. I will make sure nothing happens'. 'Mujhe chod ke tum mujhe bhool tau nahin jaoge (You will not forget me after you have fucked me)' she asked. 'No Cassie but you know that we .......'. 'I know that we can't ever get married. Our parents would never agree, especially mine. Nevertheless, I am scared' she said. 

Then after a pause she opened her legs wide and said, 'Ramu tum apna laurda meri choot main daal kar usse phard do (Ramu shove your cock in my cunt and deflower me)'. Surprised at this sudden turn of events I stuttered, 'Cassie aaare you sssure'. 'Shut up Ramu and do as I say, fuck me before I change my mind'. 

Without dallying further, I placed my cock on the entrance of her wet choot and pushed slowly. 'Oww" she said as my dick slid inside the slippery virgin choot till its progress was stopped by her hymen. I increased the pressure but I still did not make any headway. Cassie was in pain, she said, 'Ramu please be tender. You are hurting me'. I increased the pressure further but still I made no progress. Her maidenhead was quite tough. Cassie was now in considerable pain 'Please Ramu, stop. I can't bear the pain any more'. 'Just a few more moments' I told her and pulling back my cock gave a mighty shove. Tearing through her tough maidenhead half my lund was inside her choot. 'JEEEEESSSUUUS RAAAAMMMMUUUU I am dying. PLEEEEEASE take your lund out of my choot' and started to sob softly. Two more pushes and I was fully buried inside her fuck sheath. 

I stopped and looked at Cassie. Poor Cassie, she lay writhing with pain and tears were flowing freely down her face. I kissed her tears away and whispered, 'Sorry darling, I had to do it this way. Your hymen was very tough. Now the painful part is over. You can now look forward to heavenly pleasure' and started to move my lund in and out of her cunt. She kept murmuring 'OW' with each in and out stroke. Soon the 'ows' became 'ohs' and later turned into 'ahs'. I kept fucking her with strokes of varying length and speed. Her hips started to move, keeping rhythm with my strokes. 'Oh Ramu it feels great. Please don't stop. Y..hes Y...hes that's the way. Harder y..hes harder. I am nearly there. Oh, I am about to come. RAAAMMMMMUUUU I am COMMMIINNNG' she shouted and fell back panting. At this moment I also came. 

For a long time we lay kissing, relishing the sensations we had just experienced. 'Oh Ramu it was much better than I had imagined. Ramu I love you so' she said, kissing me all over. 

As we lay resting I said, 'Cassie you know that since childhood I wanted to see you naked and make love to you. Today my desire has come true'. Cassie said, 'Ramu I also have a confession to make'. I laughed and said, 'Sure, confess what ever you like to me but don't you go and confess, about what we have been doing in the church'. Hitting me playfully she said, 'Do you think I am stupid? My father will shoot me. Will you stop cracking corny jokes and listen to what I have to say'. 'Shoot dear madam, I am all ears' I said. 

Cassie said, 'I have been in love with you since childhood. That is why whenever you pressed my tits while we wrestled or played around, I never objected. Actually I liked it. I was also aware of why you were always so keen to give me a push on the swing. You wanted to see my choot. I also wanted to show it to you. Many a times I came to the park without wearing a panty and with a firm resolve to show you my choot but seeing many children around I always chickened out. Best I could do was to stand on the swing with my legs wide apart so that you could look as deep as possible. I used to dream of you taking my virginity and making love to me. You can imagine the shock when I heard you were going away. I was sure that some conniving bitch will snap you up and I would lose you forever. For several nights I cried myself to sleep. They say time is a great healer'. 

'With passage of time, I learnt to live with your memory only. Then the other day when you hailed me, all old memories came rushing back to my mind. I was so excited that my Ramu was back that for a moment I lost all control. Then you offered to give me a push. I knew what you had in mind. I did my best to show you as much as I could. Just thinking that you were watching made me very wet. Then you came up with that preposterous proposal. I was certain that if I agreed to your proposal, I would surely lose my virginity. I did not mind that at all, actually I was looking forward to it. I wanted to say yes right away but I decided to sleep on it. Hoping that some good sense would prevail in me. That night all good sense was overshadowed by the thought that my wishes and dreams were about to come true'. 

'Next day I said yes. Another thing, when your lund was poised at the entrance of my choot ready to pierce it, I nearly backed out but gritting my teeth together I asked you to fuck me. You my dear did not fail me'. I took Cassie in my arms and kissed her passionately. Disengaging herself from my embrace she smiled broadly and said, 'Hold it big boy. There is more to my dream. I also use to dream that after you have taken my virginity, you will fuck me so often and so hard that I can barely walk'. 'Is that so? Then I must make that part also come true' I said laughing and got on top of her and we fucked and fucked till she had to leave. 

We met as often as she could get away from her house without making anyone suspicious. One afternoon just before Christmas when we were together and I was licking her choot I asked her to suck my cock. She hesitated and said, 'Darling not that'. 'Remember Cassie in the dictionary of love the word 'no' does not exist' I countered. Without any further ado she took my cock in her mouth and started to suck. Then we sixty-nined and she enjoyed swallowing my-cum. 'How was it?' I asked. 'Frankly much better than I thought' was her reply. 

After resting for a while she said, 'Ramu ab please mujhe chodo (Ramu please fuck me now)'. While we were fucking the telephone rang. Ignoring the persistent ringing, I continued to fuck. 'Ramu please answer the phone' she said. 'Why, it can't be for us? I told her and continued the in and out strokes. 'Ramu please' she insisted. When I picked up the phone a sweet voice said that she wanted to talk to Cassie. Surprised I said, 'Cassie it is for you' and handed the receiver to her. Panting heavily, she took the receiver and said, 'Yes Nisha, what is it?' I could only hear what Cassie was saying. Cassie said, 'Of course I am panting'. 'Kyon? Kyonki Ramu mujhe chod raha tha (Why? Because Ramu was fucking me' she said. I heard a loud scream from the other end. 'Tu hee tau poonch rahi thi main kya kar rahi hoon. Maine tujhe such such bata diya. Kya issi liye phone kara tha? (It was you who wanted to know what I was doing and I told you truthfully. Is this the reason why you rang up?' 'What? What did she want?' 'Okay I will call her but you don't go away and remain by the phone'. 

She then quickly dialed a number and said, 'Yes mummy I am sorry, I was in the bathroom'. 'You want me to come home right away'. 'Okay. Mummy you just relax. I will be home as soon as I finish what I am doing'. Then she dialed another number and said, 'Nisha thanks a lot. In case mummy calls again then tell her that I have left. Bye'. All the above conversation took place while my cock was still in her choot. 'Ramu finish quickly. I must get home right away'. It was ten minutes before we both came together. I had a dozen questions in my mind but Cassie said, 'Please Ramu, I will answer all your questions the next time. She then dressed and left in a hurry. 
