 Rakesh had been known to my husband for years before our marriage, in fact when I came as a newly wed bride, he had welcomed us and had helped me set up home in the building where we all lived. He was in the habit of dropping in some evenings and staying over for dinner as he was divorced and lived as a bachelor. This closeness through the years between us had been on a very innocent level and Rakesh has always been a gentleman. Once in a while I would catch him staring at my breasts or legs, but I always felt that was normal behavior for a man.

In this recent year however something had changed a bit. Our relationship had subtly changed. Maybe I was giving out some king of signal as my sex life wasn't quite what I would like. My husband and I still had good sex, but over the years it had gotten a bit stale. He was also not been caring at times when it came to my needs, occasionally leaving me high and dry after his orgasm.

Over the last year, Rakesh and I had been flirting a bit – there were some innocent hugs and pecks on the lips but nothing more. We had seen each other a lot at the lakeside boat house in bathing suits and a couple of times accidentally partially nude. Once he caught me changing and I was in my bra & panties and once I caught him in his briefs, with his back turned. Along with this we had seen each other many times in pj's so we were quite comfortable with each other.

One night we met for drinks. It was supposed to be a bunch of friend's but instead because of schedules it ended up just us three. It was a Mumbai club full of yuppies. We sat and stood at the bar and talked and at some point the conversation turned to sex. Whether it was my comfort levels with him or the drinks I had consumed, the conversation became very open and honest. We talked about a bunch of very personal things that surprised my husband. Things like whether we liked oral sex, whether I swallowed, even whether I had vaginal orgasms. We talked about sexy lingerie, and then the killer when I said my "husband and I don't have nearly enough sex!" This was said luckily when he went to the bathroom otherwise he would have felt very bad.

The night continued and we even danced a bit. Our conversation had taken its toll on us as Rakesh and I were much more touchier then normal. Whether it was just standing a little too close in the crowded bar knowing my butt was up against him or dancing it seemed we were always touching lightly. During one dance he had practically placed his hand on my butt. The night ended and we parted as friends due with a warm hug.

Both of us however from that point on seemed to join a tighter bond with each other and there was a sexual tension that had never been there before. Whether it was the innocent touches or the frank sexual discussion I didn't know.

A few weeks later we accidentally met at the Inorbit mall – one of Mumbai's largest malls. I had gone to pick up some clothes after work and he was also shopping. I was enjoying the quiet of a cup of coffee at the Nandoo's outlet when I saw Rakesh. He sat down got coffee and we chatted. After some innocent chatter I mentioned I needed to shop, he offered to walk with me since he also had to shop. As we walked we chatted a bit but nothing sexual.

Then we entered a the Nike store as I needed to get some sneakers. As I sat down, I didn't realize it at the time but Rakesh was sitting directly across from me. As I tried on a couple of pairs I realized he was gazing at my legs as they parted. Now I was feeling a little horny and I decided to lead him on a bit. His view wasn't probably all that good as the skirt I was wearing wasn't that short but I made sure my legs spread apart each time I tried on a pair and flashed him a few times before settling on a pair.

We left the store and walked around looking for another store. As we walked I thought about teasing him a little more It felt pretty comfortable teasing him in a place like this where there were lot of people waking around and no one knew us.

The next store was Westside, I was looking for some track suits to wear to the gym and he were looking for jeans. We picked out a few sizes each and headed towards the changing rooms. The salesgirl gave us two rooms next to each other and as I went in, I told Rakesh that I wanted his opinion on what I was buying.

I started by removing my skirt and putting on a pair of the tracks, I then came out of room and knocked on his door. He opened it a bit and to my surprise he was standing in just his briefs. He was yet to put on his jeans. Although it caught me a little off guard, I did not react as I had seen him a couple of times before in his underwear. Of course, I could not help staring at his crotch – it looked like a mild erection was in progress!

I asked if the track suit fit nicely and he said they were nice but maybe I should get a smaller size which would do justice to my figure. As he was talking, he pulled on his jeans with his ass towards me and facing the mirror. He turned and I told him they looked good but he too should try on the the smaller size. I then jokingly said that maybe we should both try the other clothes together to save the effort of going between rooms to show our stuff to each other. That was enough for him, he just picked up his stuff and we both squeezed into my cubicle. I could see the salesgirl smirk!

I was feeling very naughty by now and proceeded to slip off the track pant. I also removed my shirt and stood there checking out myself in the mirror. He looked at me of course but also acted quite matter of fact about it. I told him that his briefs looked great and then he commented that my bra didn't match my panties. I then pulled on the smaller pants and turned around to see in the mirror. These were white as well as being too tight in the crotch and realized with a shock that my panties were wet and it showed through the pants. He said these were better, now its my turn to put on the show. He pulled down his jeans but as he had not removed the top button, it ended up in his briefs coming down too and the start of his cock could be seen. He made no attempt to pull up his briefs and instead nonchalantly pulled on the jeans.

Finally after a couple of more trials, we both got dressed, paid for our items and left the store. By now I was feeling very horny, not that I was going to do anything about it but it had turned out to be a very nice shopping experience.

Then as we walked and commented about the conversation we had in the bar, one thing we had chatted about was a thong. He had said how sexy they were and I had mentioned that I didn't have any since my husband didn't seem to like them. So then he dragged me into Victoria secrets and started to look through the panties. I am not shy but was a little embarrassed as he went through picking out different ones, finally I agreed to two of them. He paid for them and handed me the bag, with a naughty smile he said that for buying them some day I should let him see how they looked, he even mentioned that he should get to see them before my husband did. I laughed and said not here, he of course answered maybe some day when I had the chance. My quick response of not here had pretty much implied that I would somewhere else. This hadn't really been my intention but it was too late.

We left the mall and he escorted me to my car, a warm hug and peck as always followed but I thought his lips had slightly opened as I felt a wetness on my lips but I wasn't totally sure. I drove off feeling incredibly sexy.

A month later we were all sitting around in our den. It was a Saturday night and the three of us were chilling out over some beer. Rakesh was staying the night as his house was being fumigated It had been a terrible rainy weekend and none of the regular friends and family were over . So there we sat after a rainy day, we had consumed a fair amount of beer and wine. The kids were asleep and we just hung out talking and watching a stupid movie.

The first thing sexy thing that had happened earlier between us that day is that Rakesh had kidded me about my thong so when I showered that evening I had put them on. So later in the evening when my husband was in the bathroom and we were alone he asked to see them. We traded some shy comments, I kept saying I can't here, he of course figured kids were in their bedroom and it was safe for a quick flash and anyway he had already seen me in my underwear at the shop.

It was a little cool so I had put on some long pj pants from Victoria secrets and a tee. Rakesh had noticed the thong through the pj's in the light. He insisted that all he wanted was a quick peek and I could easily pull my pants down for a second, well it was pretty scary but also very sexy so I did. I pulled down my pj's and showed him the front of the tiny thong and then turned quickly and showed the back. He told me I looked amazing and I pulled them right up. I was so hot showing off for him like that I cant describe, the thong was so small that it covered little, plus the thought that my husband hadn't even seen them yet also made it that much more naughty.

So there we were few hours later in the den with some more beer and wine under our belts. Now my husband for a few years has liked when guys look at me in bathing suits and stuff so what was about to happen wasn't that crazy even though he could also at other times very quite jealous. He talked about playing strip poker and of course Rakesh approved. I don't like being dared so I went along and I think my husband thought I wouldn't have gone along, or he figured I would play down to my underwear and quit. But he hadn't realized how little my underwear was and he also underestimated my competitiveness. He also had no idea of this building sexual tension between Rakesh and I which made the thought of some nudity sound quite hot to me.

So we sat down and played. The first few hands were pretty uneventful. We all lost a few hands and lost our socks and jewelry. We were down to real stuff now, everybody had on a tee shirt, I had on pjs and the guys had shorts, and all had underwear.

The next to lose was my husband; he took off his tee, which exposed his chest. Then Rakesh lost and also took off his shirt. Again Rakesh lost and took off his shorts. He was wearing boxer briefs instead of the boxers I had seen him in a few times before and he seemed semi hard. I was enjoying looking at him. Then I lost, I had a hard decision, if I took off my shirt I exposed my breasts, or I could do my pants and expose my thong. As I thought my husband commented that I was quitting, I gave him a look and stood and stepped out of my pants. Wow he said noticing I was wearing a thong; I took a little spin saying you like. Then I winked at Rakesh as my husband's reaction had just confirmed that Rakesh was the first to see my thong. I felt so naughty sitting their knowing Rakesh had not only seen them first but also picked them out and paid for them.

The next round Rakesh lost and took off his underwear exposing a beautiful and now almost erect penis. I giggled a bit as he sat back down. Now my husband said that the game was over, Rakesh said we should play till one winner, My husband started saying no he was tired etc so I chimed in saying, look who was quitting now. I was dying now to get naked in front of Rakesh and I was about to say I would keep playing when he decided to continue. The next loss was mine; I peeled off my top and exposed my breasts and my rock hard nipples. My husband seemed quiet while Rakesh made a gentlemanly comment about how nice they or I looked.

Then I lost again and I stood up in all my glory and peeled off my panties that didn't cover much anyway. Rakesh looked at my little patch of pubic, as I was now naked. My husband quickly declared himself the winner and suggested we turn in. I knew he was getting jealous about Rakesh and I being naked but I wanted to enjoy the moment. I sat there finishing my wine and making small talk about what to do in the morning all naked and making no effort to cover myself. Rakesh followed my lead chatting with me with his raging hard on at attention. We continued this for about 15 minutes while my husband nervously fidgeted and picked up cards and stuff before we finally started putting clothes back on and went to bed.

We went to bed and I was horny and so was my husband so we started having sex, it was hotter then it had been for quite a while. I had a very intense orgasm as did my husband but then with the wine he drifted off to sleep and I was wide-awake. I didn't know it at the time but Rakesh had hung out by the bedroom door and tried to listen to some of our love sounds. He would confess this later

I was still wide-awake and decided to walk down to kitchen, I was naked so I threw on my short robe figuring that all were asleep anyway. I was surprised to find Rakesh, sitting on a chair drinking a cup of tea. He also thought he would be alone and had on a tee and his briefs. His hard on had gone down a bit but I could still notice a bulge. We exchanged Hellos and I poured myself a cup. He asked where my husband was and I told him sleeping, he knew we had sex but he was probably hoping that once had not been enough for me that night.

I went to sit and noticed he was now hard; I couldn't help comment about it still being that way. He of course reminded me that he was a bachelor and that the game had been pretty arousing. He also let on that based on what he could hear in his room I had gotten pretty aroused from the game also. I blushed knowing I had moaned pretty well in the bedroom. 

Then we had a short conversation about how arousing it had been to be naked in front of each other. What followed was a surprising discussion about masturbation. He admitted that he had planned to when he got back to his room and I kind of admitted that I too might. What happened next is hard to explain but somehow after a few shy playful comments the possibility of masturbating together came up. I would have love to do something crazy yet safe like that with him but was too scared so I said no way, he said okay like a hurt puppy dog and I then said something I shouldn't have,

I said I would be willing to help him but he had to promise not to try anything. He looked pretty surprised, I took a walk to check on everybody and make sure they were asleep. On my return I took him to the laundry room, I figured if anyone came down he could stay there and I would come out like I was doing late night laundry. So there we were, Rakesh slipped down his briefs and his cock stood there. I had brought some cream with me; I put some on my hands and started to jerk him off, what a rush I felt. It was so hot having a man's cock in my hand that wasn't my husbands. It was close similar in size but it wasn't my husbands and that made in supper hot, as I slowly stroked and gently played with it. Looking at him, asking him if it felt good. I jerked him slowly as I wanted the moment to last a bit and I could tell the night had taken its toll and he would cum quickly. He was enjoying it starting to moan a little as he leaned back against the dryer. I continued jerking him for a while and then started doing it harder, I was on fire myself and he realized it. I am not sure if he undid my robe or it just happened but at one point I realized I was naked with my robe open. 

He whispered in my ear "just a little feel " as his fingers started to play with my nipples. I started jerking really hard as I didn't have the will power to stop his advances and figured once he came he would calm down. Well it did, he moaned and groaned and let out a hot stream of sperm all over my belly and pubic hair. I jerked him until his was done and stepped back. I had cum all over my stomach, hands and pubic. I cleaned up with some paper towel and gave him a peck goodnight and ran back to my bedroom.