 This episode took place immediately after I had finished my graduation. You will recall that during my graduate course I had the good fortune of enjoying the choots (cunts) of my cousins Madhu and Sudha and their friend Lata (For more details read the series 'Loves of Ramu' written by my good friend Sahebji). I had decided to become a teacher. After having been accepted by a leading institution I decided to take a holiday. 

On arrival at my destination I checked into a hotel which was laid out more like a holiday resort than a hotel. In addition to rooms in the main building it had cottages spread over a large area. I chose a small cottage. The cottage was self-sufficient. It consisted of a large bed-sitter with attached bathroom and a kitchenette and above all, it guaranteed complete privacy. 

One evening at dusk I was going to a party when I saw a young woman selling very colourfully painted statues made out of baked clay. This area was famous for these statues. They were made in nearly every household. They looked very attractive. I stopped and looked at them and decided to buy some as gifts for family and friends back home. As it was getting dark and also I did not want to carry them with me to the party I asked the woman selling them if she could bring them to me to my hotel the next day. This sort of request was probably quite normal as she readily agreed. After giving her the name of my hotel and cottage number I proceeded to the party. 

Next day as I drank my early morning tea there was a loud knock on the door. I opened the door and found the peddler woman from last evening standing with a basket on her head. I invited her in and asked her to wait and went to the bathroom to do my early morning chores. I came out wearing a dressing gown. 

She was sitting on her haunches on the floor with her basket full of her wares next to her. I drew a chair opposite her and started to inspect the statues. During this time I looked at her covertly. She looked quite young. She was married as was evident from the 'sindoor' (Red powder that married women put in their hair parting. A sure sign of a married woman) in her hair parting. She had a nice face and a pleasant smile. Two large black eyes and long hair made into two plaits lying lazily on her nice large boobs. 

Seeing all this my cock stiffened and I had the desire to fuck her. While inquiring about the statues I also asked her some personal questions. She was a very simple girl. She replied to them in a straightforward manner. I found out that her name was Basanti and she was married. Her husband worked as a peon in a large company in a far off city. At home, apart from her father in law and mother in law there was also the family of the elder brother of her husband. The men folk made the statues and her mother in law looked after the household. Both the daughters in law peddled them around town. 

'Teri shadi ko kitne saal huye hain? (How many years have you been married?)' I asked her. 

'Aisse hee koyi 14/15 maheene huye hain (Approximately 14/15 months)' she replied. 

'Kya itne din hogaye aur tere koyi bachcha nahin hua? (What! you are married so long and you have no child?)' 

She blushed and said, 'Meri shadi ke dus din baad woh vaapas duty pe chale gaye the. Phir ab saal bhar baad ek maheene ke liye aaye the (Ten days after my marriage he had to go back on duty. Then after one year he came for a month)' then blushing profusely she added that she was now two months pregnant. 

This suited me quite well. 

I selected three statues and after a long and hard bout of haggling we agreed on a price. I gave her a 500-rupee note in payment. 

Taking the note in her hand she said, 'Arre babu humaare paas itne barde note ka chuttal nahin hai. Humne suna tha ki itna barda note bhi hota hai lakin aaj paheli baar dekh rahi hoon (Arre sir I don't have change for such a big note. I had heard that such a note exists but I am seeing it for the first time today)'. I told her that I did not have anything smaller. 

Shrugging her shoulders she said, 'Koyi baat nahin babu kissi aur roz sahi (Doesn't matter sir some other day maybe)' and started to arrange the statues in her basket. As she placed the basket on her head and started to get up, I saw my chance slipping. I decided to go for all or bust, even at the risk of hearing her abuses. 

I said, 'Basanti agar tu chahe tau yeh pura note tera ho sakta hai (Basanti if you want then whole of the note can be yours)'. 

She stopped midway and with a puzzled look asked, 'Kaisse? (How?)' 

Opening my dressing gown and displaying my raging hard on I said, 'Agar tu mujhse chudwane ke liye raazi hojaye (If you agree to let me fuck you)'. 

She sat there as if frozen. Her eyes riveted on my erection. The colour of her face became beet root red then pale and again red. As she did not abuse me I thought she might agree and maybe is too shy to say anything. 

I said, 'Basanti agar tujhe meri baat manjoor hai tau tu apni tokari neeche rakh de aur agar nahin tau uth ke chali ja (If you are agreeable to my proposition then place the basket on the floor and if not then get up and leave)'. 

The next two minutes were like a lifetime. Couple of times she tried to get up and then sat down again. Couple of times she lifted the basket but only to replace it on her head. But all this time she kept staring at my cock. Then slowly she lifted the basket and placed it on the floor and lowered her eyes. 

I was overjoyed. I moved quickly to her and helped her on to her feet. She moved smoothly into my embrace and hid her face in my chest. I lifted her face and tenderly kissed her on her lips. Seeing her dirty face I somehow got doubts about her hygiene. I therefore decided to have a shower with her before proceeding any further. With this thought in mind I started to unbutton her blouse. 

Suddenly she caught my hand and said, 'Yeh kya kar rahe ho babu? (What are you doing sir?)' 

'Main tere kaprde uttar raha hoon (I am undressing you)' I told her. 

'Hai nahin mujhe nanga mat karo. Main sharam se mar jauingi (Oh no don't undress me. I will die of shame)' she said. 

'Agar main tujhe nanga nahin karoonga tau chodunga kaisse? (If I don't undress you then how will I fuck you?)' I asked her. 

She blushed and said, 'Babu aisse hee chod lo na (Sir, fuck me like this only)' was her simple reply. 

'Tere pati ne tau tijhe nanga dekha hoga? (Your husband must have seen you naked?)' I asked. 

She shook her vehemently and said, 'Nahin kabhie nahin (No never)'. 

'Tunne tau usska laurda chua aur dekha hoga? (You must have touched and seen his cock?)' I persisted. 

She again shook her head and said 'Nahin (No)'. 

'Such? Phir tera mard teri chudai kaisse karta hai (Really? Then how does your husband fuck you?)' I asked. 

'Hamara ghar main ek hee kamra hai. Jab woh ghar main hote hain tau woh charpai pe sote hain aur main unke paas farsh per chatai per soti hoon. Jis din unka chodne ka dil karta hai woh mujhe anpi charpai per bula lete hain aur mera lehenga utha kar apna laurda meri choot main ghussa dete hain aur mujhe chod dete hain (Our house has only one room. When my husband is at home he sleeps on the charpoy and I sleep on the floor next to him on a straw mat. When he wants to fuck me he calls me on the charpoy. He lifts my lehenga (a calf length loose skirt worn predominantly by village ladies) and shoves his cock in my cunt and fucks me)' she replied. 

'Woh tere honton ka chumma leta hai? (Does he kiss your lips)' I asked. 

'Kabhie, kabhie (Sometimes)'. 

'Wohi teri chuchiyan dabata hai? (Does he squeeze your boobs)'. 

'Kabhie, Kabhie (Sometimes)'. 

'Wohi teri choot ko sehrata tau hoga aur ussme ungali daalta hoga? (He must be caressing your cunt and putting his finger inside it?' 

Again she replied 'Kabhie, kabhie (Sometimes)'. 

This was getting quite intriguing. 'Tujhe chudai tau achchi lagtti hai? (You enjoy fucking, don't you?)' 

Blushing she said 'Haan, lakin thordi, thordi (Yes but a little)'. 

Some thing did not seem right. Was it possible that a married and a pregnant girl, with all the fucking she had received had never had a real orgasm? 

'Basanti meri baat sunn. Aaj tujhe intna mazaa aayega jitna tujhe pahele kabhie zindagi main nahin aaya, lakin main jo kahoon karna hoga. Manjoor? (Basanti, listen to me. Today you will enjoy yourself more than you have ever enjoyed in your life but you will have to do what I say. Agreed?)' 

She nodded and said, 'Haan (Yes)'. 

I then undressed her without any objection from her. I also undressed and led her into the bathroom. I applied soap on her hard tits. I finger fucked her choot while soaping it. She did not say a word. I then asked her to apply soap on my body. She did that but studiously avoided touching my erect cock. 'Basanti iss per bhi sabun laga (Basanti apply soap on this also)' I told her pointing to my cock. 

She hesitated. I took her hand and placed it on my cock and said, 'Fikar mat kar yeh katega nahin (Don't worry it won't bite)'. 

Gingerly she took my cock in her hand and studied it while soaping it. She found the up and down movement of the foreskin most fascinating. After we had dried each other, I carried her to the bed and laid her down. 

She asked, 'Babu ab aap mujhe chodoge? (Sir, are you going to fuck me now?)'. 

'Abhi nahin. Thordi der baad (Not now. Little later)' I told her.

I looked at her lying naked on the bed. 'Basanti tu bahut khoobsoorat lag rahi hai. (Basanti you are looking very beautiful'. I remarked. Basanti only smiled and did not reply. I started to kiss Basanti while I pressed her tits. I then moved my attention to her tits. I kissed them and sucked on her nipples while constantly running my fingers between her cunt lips. She moaned softly. 

'Kaissa lag raha hai? (How are you liking it?)' I asked. 

'Achcha (nice)' she replied. I then moved my head downward towards her choot. As I neared her cunt after dallying briefly at her navel, Basanti caught my hair and stopped me saying, 'Wahan nahin babu gandi hai (Not there sir, it is dirty)'. 

'Mujhe karne de jo main chahata hoon. Tujhe achcha lagega (Let me do what I want. You will like it)' I told her. Slowly her grip on my hair relaxed and I reached her choot. As soon as my tongue touched her clit she bucked her hips and exclaimed, 'Oui maa (Oui mama)'. I started to lick and suck her cunt in earnest. I raised her legs and tongue fucked her cunt hole. She was enjoying herself and moaning loudly. I continued to lick and suck her clit. Her hips had started to move up and down. By her moans and hip movement I felt that she was about to come and started to lick faster. 

Panting she shouted, 'Ruko babu ruko (Stop sir stop)'. 

Alarmed I stopped and asked, 'Basanti kya hua? (Basanti what happened?)' 

'Mujhe lag raha hai ki mera peshab nikalne wala hai (I feel I am about to pee)' was the reply of simple Basanti. 

'Nikalne de. Usse rok mat (Let it come. Don't try to stop it)' I told her. 

'Aap ka bister ganda ho jaye ga (your bed will get dirty)' she said in a worried tone. 

'Ho jane de. Jaissa main keh raha hoon waissa hee kar (Let it get dirty. Do as I tell you) I advised her. I again latched on to her choot. 

It was not long before she reached the point of coming. Babu, ab mujh se aur nahin roka jaata. Oh, nikal gaya (Sir, I can't hold it any longer. Oh it is coming)' she shouted loudly and fell back panting on the bed. 

Basanti had had a full-fledged orgasm for the first time in her life. 

I kept sucking her clit till she came again. 'Kyon Basanti mazaa aaya? (Na Basanti did you enjoy it?)' I asked her. 

'Arre babu itna mazaa tau mujhe pahele kabhie nahin laga (Oh sir, I have not felt such pleasure ever before)' she panted. 

I then got on top of her and slowly inserted my lund (cock) in her choot. With a loud 'AAHHh' she spread her legs as wide as possible. I started to fuck her with long slow strokes. I kept varying my speed and length of my in and out strokes. Soon she was moaning loudly and her hips were moving in rhythm of my strokes. I kept fucking her till she had come two times before I shot my load in her waiting choot.

Kissing me she said, 'Babu bahut hee mazaa aaya. Mujhe nahin maloom tha ki chudai main itna mazaa aata hai. Ab meri samajh main aaya ki meri jethani chudai karwate huye itni awaaj kyon karti hai (Sir I enjoyed myself very much. I did not know that fucking is so pleasure some. Now I understand why my sister in law makes so much sound while fucking)'. 

'Tunne apne jeth aur jhethani ko chodte dekha hai? (Have seen you brother and sister in law fucking?)' 

'Hum sab ek hee kamre mai tau sote hain. Maine dekha tau nahin, lakin kai baar sunna hai (We all sleep in one room, I have not seen them but I have heard them many times) she clarified. 

Then with a serious look she asked, 'Ek baat batayiye jab mera mard mujhe chodeta hai tau mujhe itna mazaa kyon nahin aata? (Tell me one thing, why don't I feel so much pleasure when my husband fucks me?)'. 

'Ek baar ab teri choot se pani nikalna shuru hogaya hai tau ab tujhe usske saath bhi mazaa aayega (Now that you have started to cum properly, then you will enjoy with him also)' I told her with a prayer to God that what I said was correct. 

We then fucked a couple of times more and fell asleep in each other's arms. 

When I got up I saw that Basanti was all dressed up, ready to leave. Catching hold of her arm I asked, 'Itni jaldi kahan ja rahi hai? (Where are you going so soon?). 

'Bahut der hogayi hai. Mujhe murtiyan bhi tau becheni hain (It is very late. I have to sell the statues also)' she replied. 

I pulled her on to the bed and said 'Ek baar aur (Once more)'. I raised her lehenga and tried to insert my cock in her cunt but my cock would not get hard enough. 

I told her to take it in her mouth and suck on it. 

'Nahin, yeh ganda hai (No, it is dirty)' she objected. 

'Maine teri choot bhi tau chati thi. Pyaar main kuch ganda nahin hota (I licked you cunt also. There is nothing dirty in love)' I reminded her. For a second she looked at me and then took my cock in her mouth and started to suck on it. In no time my cock was hard as a rock. I laid her down and fucked her. As she was leaving she left three statues on the table. I went back to sleep. 

Later I saw that with the statues she had also left the 500-rupee note I had given her. This promised that she will be back. 

Two days later as I was still lolling in bed, I heard a knock on the door and Basanti peeped in. I called her in and asked, 'Basanti sab theek hai na? (Basanti is everything all right?) 

'Haan (Yes)' she replied and stood there with the basket on her head, shifting her weight from one leg to the other. I waited for her to say something but she remained silent. 

Laughingly I asked, 'Basanti kya tu phir chudwane aayi hai? (Basanti have you come to fuck again?)' 

She blushed and said very softly, 'Haan (Yes)'. 

I laughed and said, 'Phir tu waha khardi khardi kya kar rahi hai. Jaldi se kapdre uttar ke mere saath palang main guss ja (Then what are you doing standing there. Take off you clothes and quickly get into bed with me)'. She grinned broadly and placed the basket on the floor. Then after locking the door undressed and moved towards the bed. In the meanwhile I took off the top of my night suit and threw it in the corner. 

As I was about to pull off my pajamas she commanded, 'Thearo! (Wait!)'. Puzzled I stopped. She came to the bed and very lovingly pulled off my pajamas. She then took my cock in her mouth and started to give me a blowjob. Despite that she was quite artless I started to enjoy it. I encouraged her saying, 'Basanti bahut achcha lag raha hai. Aur choos. Haan jor, jor se choos (Basanti it feels very good. Continue to suck. Yes, suck harder)'. When I was about to come I held her head firmly in my hands and spurted my seed in her mouth. 

When I had finished coming, I released her head. She had not swallowed my spunk but collected it all in her mouth. I said, 'Basanti satak le (Basanti swallow it)'. 

She shook her head and moved towards the bathroom. 'Maine bhj tau teri choot ka ras piya tha (I had also drunk the juice of your cunt) I shouted after her. She stopped in her tracks and turned around. Then with a visible effort she swallowed my-cum and said, 'Ab theek hai na? (Now, is it okay?) 

I got out of bed and embraced her and led her to the bed. That day we fucked and sucked for few hours. When she was going she asked, 'Main phir kab aauoon? (When shall I come again?) 

'Jab teri marzi ho (Whenever you like)' I told her. 

She smiled and said, 'Pardson subha aauingi (I will come day after tomorrow morning)'. She placed few more statues on the table before leaving. 

She came every other day and we enjoyed ourselves in every manner. On some days she even cooked something for me. Each time she left she either added some statues to the stock or exchanged them with others. I did not say anything and left her to do whatever she was doing. 

On the last day of my holiday, we spent nearly the whole day together fucking in all conceivable ways. When she was about to leave I gave her two 500 rupee notes. 

She refused to take them. 'Kya aapne humain ek randi samajh rakhha hai? (Do you think I am a whore?)' She said in a hurt tone. 

'Nahin, nahin ....(No,no.....)' I started to protest but she cut me short. 

'Aap mujhe paise iss liye de rahe hain kyon ki main aap se chudwane ko itni jaldi raazi hogayi thi. Babu maine pahele kabhie mard ka laurda nahin dekha tha. Aap ka laurda dekh kar mujhe aap se chudwane ka dil aa gaya. Such babu, hum randi nahin hain (You are offering me money because I agreed to get fucked by you so quickly. I had never seen a man's cock before. When I saw your cock I felt the desire to fuck. Really sir, I am not a prostitute)' she said and started to cry. 

I embraced her and pacified her as best as I could. Then I asked her, 'Basanti tu bura tau nahin manegi agar main murtiyan khareed loon (Basanti you won't mind if I bought some statues from you)'. 

She smiled broadly and said, 'Nahin babu, yeh tau hamara dhanda hai. Boliye kaun si murti achchi lagi? (No sir, this is my business. Tell me which statue you like?) 

'Sab moortiyan dede (Give me all the statues)' I told her. 

'Nahin, itni saari nahin. Aap phir wohi baat kar rahe hain (No, not all of them. You are again doing the same thing) she said making a face and chose the ten most beautiful statues and placed them on the table. Then she told me the amount I owed her. 

The amount was much less than 500 rupees. With very great difficulty I persuaded her to take 500-rupees as payment. I then kissed her good bye. After a most enjoyable holiday, I caught the train for home the same night.

The end

Dear reader this is one more story from Ramu's love life. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it. Do write to me with your comments. I look forward to hear from you. Till next time. Take care. Sahebji