 It started as a joke. There was a girlfriend of mine who had been seeing this guy for quite awhile. One night while at a party this friend of mine found out that her boyfriend had had a blowjob from another friend's girlfriend. I guess they had been alone in a hallway and she had joked about giving great blowjobs. 

He said that she would have to prove it. So she undid his pants, pulled it out, dropped to her knees and proceeded to suck him off. A few months later the other girl was bragging about sucking his cock and the two of then were found out. When his girlfriend confronted him he acted like it didn't matter. He called it "Random Blowage". 

He tried to excuse it by it not really being sex. It turned into a long debate where others added their comments. OK, what if...what if you are in an accident and your penis falls out of your pants and is bleeding. The first person on the scene is a hot woman who can only stop the bleeding by licking and sucking it off. Then that kind of random blowage is ok. What if...you are a guy stuck in an elevator with a super model and your cock falls out right into her mouth! 

This became a common slang term from then on. Everyone had their own stories, their own jokes. The bottom line was, is there such a thing as random blowage? Do things like that really happen, besides in porno movies? Does it ever happen in the real world that a pair of strangers, a man and a woman, engage in her pulling his dick out and giving him a blowjob? And if it were to happen, would he make her stop?

I was working as a bartender in a little whole in the wall bar. It was across the street from a factory. Everyday the same group of workers would stream in sit at their regular tables for lunch and a beer. I was the day bartender and opened the place. 

Most of the guys were older. I was 24, recently divorced and starting over. I had never been a bartender before and someone told me about there being an opening. After meeting the owner I was offered the job. It didn't hurt that he was some old letch that couldn't keep his eyes off my ass!

I would open everyday at 7:00 a.m. Hard to believe, but some days there were people waiting for me to unlock the doors. Of course this was the night shift, so it wasn't like they had just gotten up and started drinking. This was their time to start partying. So I would tend bar 7:00 till about 5:00 and the second shift would take over. 

This was a great job. I loved the attention. I had no experience at tending bar so it was a good thing that most of the guys just had beers. I made great tips and a decent salary. I always had a little saying, "I love being the bartender; I am the center of attention." "You have to come to me for anything."

Across the street from the bar was a construction company. It was a small, father son shop. I remember the guy who was one of the sons had been a friend of my ex husbands. I thought he was very hot. Several years prior, my younger sister had run into this guy, Brian at a nightclub in town. They had a short on again, off again sort of relationship. Not much more than fuck buddies. I remembered her telling me how well endowed he was. 

My sister told me a story of the first time they had sex. They had met up and went back to his place. It was night and they went into his bedroom. She got naked and crawled into bed. She lay there and watched him as the light from outside illuminated him and cast a silhouette of him standing in front of the window. She said that she actually gasped when he took his pants off and his large cock sprang out! It was at least 10" inches long with a substantial girth. 

I remembered her stories of how hard it was for her to take it all. She was never able to take it all in her mouth and walked funny after fucking him! He was huge and very good with what he had. I thought about this a lot. I mean, there he was, right across the street! So...one day, on my lunch break, I decided to pay him a visit.

I walked across the street, not knowing whether he was there or not. I walked in to the front lobby and no one was around. There was a chime that when off when I opened the door to let them know someone had entered. "Hello?" I called out.

From the back room somewhere I heard a voice, "just a sec." he said. A few moments later out walked Brian. He had an odd look on his face when he saw me. "Hey! How are you?" he said excitedly. He then rushed over and hugged me. "Damn, it's been a long time, what's up?" He asked.

"Well, I am tending bar across the street, I told him, and I remembered this was where your shop was." "I just thought I would pop in and say hi." I told him it was good to see him. I told him that the old man and I were divorced. I guess he had heard through the grapevine. We chatted for a few minutes and I abruptly asked him to show me around.

"Sure!" He said. He led me through a door but rushed back towards the front and locked the doors. "I don't want to have to run back up here if someone comes." He told me. "My assistant is out to lunch for the next hour, if anyone comes, they will just have to try back later." 

We continued through the doors. The doors led into a huge warehouse. The warehouse was full of construction materials. He walked me over to a huge table, a drafting type table and showed me some of the plans lying there.

"Wow, looks like business is pretty good, huh?" I asked. "So, what do ya do for fun?" "Still dating?" I asked him. "I was curious, have you seen my sister lately?" "She had some really nice things to say about you." I giggled.

He said, "Oh no!" "I haven't seen your sister in ages. But you know how she is, never in one place for too long." We both laughed a little. "So, what exactly did she say about me?" He asked.

"Well...she did mention how good you treated her. And what a good lover you were." I told him. "She also mentioned...well...how nice your cock is!" I said. 

I felt a little embarrassed, but very aroused. I didn't know what type of reaction I was going to get. I looked down at his crotch and noticed his dick was hard. He was enjoying this! I had to get him going. 

So I walked over to him and leaned into him, pushing him back against the wall. I rubbed my crotch against his and could feel it, it was very hard.

I heard him moan a little and I reached down and grabbed his cock. It was so hard and so big! I felt him inhale deeply and hold his breath. I reached for his belt and undid it. I slowly unzipped his pants and worked my hand into his underwear; I wanted to feel his big dick. 

I felt him start to breath again and lean his head back against the wall. I thought to myself..."He isn't going to stop me." So I didn't stop. I pulled his big cock out and lay it in my hand. It was very nice. And my sister hadn't been exaggerating. I know it had to be every bit of 10" inches long!

"My!" I said, "she was right, you do have quite the nice cock!" I began to stroke it with both hands. 

I slowly pushed his pants and underwear down, so that I could have full access to his huge cock. Then I got down on my knees and started to lick his dick. 

"Oh my God," he said "is she really going to do this?" He was talking as if there was someone else in the room. He was looking down at me, biting his bottom lip.

"Oh yes, she is," I said and I stuck that nice, thick cock into my mouth. I started sucking it. I was forcing as much of it as I could possibly take, into my mouth. I shoved it down my throat as deep as I could manage and still was unable to take it all. But he was impressed with how I handled it. He reached down and held my hair.

"I have to see this," he said. "My God you are good at that!" He started moving my head back and forth, up and down the length of his shaft. 

"OH YEAH!" "That is sooooo gooood." He was panting. He put his other hand on my head and bent over a bit so that he could watch as he fucked my face with that enormous cock! 

He had both hands on the back of my head and was moving it for me as he plunged his dick deep down my throat. I reached up and grabbed his balls and squeezed them as he pounded my face. "FUCK YES, GGGAAAWWWD!" "OH YEAH SUCK THAT HARD COCK!" He was screaming. 

I was beginning to gag but it was so good. I had never had such a huge cock in my mouth before and I was pretty proud of myself for doing such a fine job. He was shoving his meat into my mouth for quite a while. Then he stopped and started to pull it out. 

"I'm cumming!" He said. I grabbed his ass and shoved his cock deep in my throat. "OH no!" He screamed. "She's not going to, is she?" "AAAAWWWWWWWW FUCK! HERE I CUM!" 

And I sucked it all the way down to his balls. It was so big and soo deep, I thought I would faint!

I felt him explode deep in my throat. His dick pulsating as it drained into me. His legs were trembling and all he could manage to say was..."AAAGGGGGGG!" I slowly pulled his dick out of my mouth. 

He was still cumming and I lapped every bit of his creamy cum up. By now he had released his grip on my head and was doing well to keep his balance. I licked and sucked every last drop. Again, I think he was pleasantly surprised.

I stood up and as I did he slid down the wall and squatted down to the floor, pants still around his ankles and dick hanging out.

"Oh shit," he said. "That was the best blow job ever!" "I can't believe you cleaned it all up like that. Not a drop left." 

He just sat there like that and then put his head in his hands. "My God, how did you manage that?" He asked me. "I have never had any woman deep throat my cock like that!" "Mmmm mmmm mmmm, I will have to remember that!"

I just smiled and looked down at him. "No, no, don't get up!" I laughed, "I can see my way out. Somehow I have this feeling I won't be able to speak later. My throat's a little sore." I smiled at him and rubbed his head a bit and left.

I never saw Brian again. Even all these years later. I think he eventually got married, I got remarried and divorced again. I think his shop is still in the same place. I still think about him, about that nice cock. I wonder if he ever thinks about it? I wonder if he ever thinks about me. Who knows...maybe I will walk in some day...again...and let him give me another tour? 

Anyway...that is my "Random Blowage" story. One of them. So...yes, it does happen. And from personal experience...no...they won't make you stop. 

So girls if you ever get the urge...in an elevator, a parking garage, a hotel hallway, wherever...to just take matters into your own hands...with some hot stranger...who knows?