 The meetings that afternoon passed slowly, and I was having a hard time staying awake. When there was a lull I slipped out the back. The convention section of the resort had many sitting areas, some quite secluded, and I happened on one of those. I got myself comfortable and closed my eyes.

"Hi Dave," I heard a perky voice through the fog of drowsiness. "Don't tell me you're sleeping! What? Aren't these meetings enough to keep you on the edge of your seat?"

I mumbled something unintelligible and opened my eyes. A vision on loveliness sat on the arm of my overstuffed chair, practically in my lap -- Anissa! 

"Not much of a sleep talker, am I?" I shook my head, rubbed my eyes and sat up. "Hey Anissa, so good to see you. I was hoping to see more of you this week."

"It's hard to get away," she said, "but that's why I followed you out of the meeting. I was hoping I could come over to your room and talk about some questions I have."

"Well, sure," I replied. "You can come over anytime. 

"That's what I was counting on you saying. I'll come over tonight. It'll probably be later. Will that be ok?"

I smiled at her, taking in the earnest look on her pretty face. Perfectly formed with flawless tanned skin, she was a natural beauty. Her hair was pulled back severely, yet still she was almost heart stopping to me. "Of course. I don't expect that I'll have any company so come over any time. Room 2516."

"I know. I already checked." She reached out and squeezed my hand. "I can't wait."

And just like that she was gone. 

* * * * *

I was beginning the think that Anissa had set me up and stood me up when I heard a light knocking at the door. After dinner I had gone back to my room and waited for her. The TV was on ESPN, and I had been dozing off.

I literally ran to the door, and was actually breathing hard when I opened it. There she was, all smiles and dazzling and petite and gorgeous and I couldn't believe she was actually standing there, waiting to come into my room. "Come in, come in," I said. "Sorry to keep you waiting."

"Oh no, I'm sorry to keep you waiting. It's late enough that you probably were ready for bed."

"Well, not quite. Besides, I really wanted to see, er, talk with you, so I was just killing time watching TV. I must've drifted off."

We walked into my room and sat side by side on the sofa. I turned the TV volume down and twisted to face her. I was wearing my gym shorts and t-shirt, and she was wearing a tank and shorts, showing off her nice tan. 

"So what's on your mind?" I asked. "I was guessing it was some accounting questions."

"Well, not really. I have some other questions that I thought only you could answer, or maybe show me the answers."

"OK," I said, "I guess I'm up for that."

She reached out and put her hand on my thigh. Her touch was soft and warm, and I think I stopped breathing. She looked deep in my eyes, and moved toward me. I was still as a statue as she moved, until her face drew next to mine. 

"I want to know if you'll fuck me," she whispered. "The girls are all talking about how hot you are and who's going to be the first one to fuck you. I want to be the one.

She leaned in a little further and kissed me. When she pulled back I finally began breathing again. After a couple of deep breaths, our eyes locked, I reached out and pulled her to me. I kissed her gently for a long time. She tasted so sweet, and the sensation was amazing.

I held her petite body at arm's length and responded to her softly. "Yes, Anissa, you can fuck me. But know this -- you will be the one doing the fucking. I want to be fucked by you."

"Absolutely," she said. "I will fuck you. I want to fuck you so badly."

We got up and shed our clothing. Standing naked, we embraced, then walked to the bedroom. Wordlessly, I lay on my back on the king-size bed. I was totally erect, and my cock was begging for her attention. It may not be an over-large member, but when it gets hard, it gets really hard. 

Anissa knelt between my legs and gently caressed my cock and shaved balls. She fondled me and stroked me. She licked me, from head to balls, parted her lips and took me in. Her wet mouth cradled and sucked my cock, in and out, in and out, and I was in heaven. She pinched my nipples as she sucked, and played with my nuts.

She was very talented, and I was afraid I would cum soon. I asked her to kneel over my face so I could taste her pussy as she blew me. He pussy was tight, and while she had a small triangle of pussy hair, it was trimmed quite short and her pussy lips were clean shaven.

As I licked her cunt, she sucked the head of my cock and stroked the base of it with her hand. It was unbelievable, and I knew I would never forget this fucking. I reached my hand up behind her and inserted a finger into her pussy, licking her all the while. I could feel she was close to cumming, so I lubed up another finger in her cunt and pressed it into her asshole. I sucked her clit and finger fucked her pussy and ass at the same time, and totally pushed her over the edge. She thrust her hips into my face, fucking my face as she came. Her body shuddered again and again, cried of joy and pleasure escaping her lips. She bucked a couple of times more, then rolled off of me.

"Oh my god," she said, "I have never had my pussy eaten the way you do. Oh my god, that was so awesome. I want to make you cum, I need to make you cum. Now."

"Well," I said smiling, "You're doing the fucking around here, so do what you have to do."

I was still on my back, and she climbed up on top of me cowgirl style. She was facing me, looking me in the eye as she slowly lowered herself onto my cock. She began gently, rocking her hips back and forth, slowly fucking me. Gradually she increased her pace until she was fucking as fast as she could. The intensity mounted, then suddenly she stopped and spun around, then began fucking me again reverse cowgirl. The sensation was totally different, and I had practically had to start all over working on my orgasm. She continued for a couple of minutes, the stopped again.

She spun around to face me, then rose up off my cock. Her hand grasped my cock and she lowered herself onto it once again -- in her ass.

She was tiny and tight, and I could see from the look on her face that it was a challenge for her. I just lay there, and as she got used to my cock in her ass she began her slow motion once again. She was so tight I couldn't believe it. Only a minute or two passed before I felt my balls tightening up.

"Oh god, Anissa, I'm going to cum. Oh god,"

"No!" she exclaimed. " Not yet." Then she hopped off my cock and took it into her mouth, bobbing up and down and stroking at the same time. That was all it took, and I exploded in her mouth. She was able to keep most of it in, and she swallowed it all. Then she licked me clean, making sure not a stray droplet was lost. 

"Your cum is yummy. Better than any I have ever tasted!"

I laughed. "You be sure and tell that to all the girls," I said. "Please."

We snuggled up together, and she spent the night with me. Only twice more in the night did we fuck. It was unbelievable. I was sad when she slipped out of my bed and my room just an hour before the last day of meetings was to start.