 The first leg of my flight was uneventful, although I did have to endure the endlessly boring conversation of the people on either side of me. They had a few mutual acquaintances and had to talk about each in detail. I put in my earplugs and read until I was sleepy, and drifted off. When I awoke, they were still talking. I faked sleep until we landed.

When I entered the boarding area for my flight home, I saw a tall, auburn-haired person sitting, facing away from me. I was sure it was Molly, so I came up behind her and whispered in her ear, "Good morning, good looking."

Her head snapped around, and to my total relief, it was Molly.

"Hi!" she exclaimed. "Have a seat here," she said a she patted the chair next to her. "It's great to see you. How are you? We have a lot of catching up to do."

I told her about the adventure in Phoenix with the airline and missing our connection. 

"That's a bummer," she said. "Too bad there's not a silver lining. Wish I had been there with you."

"Oh, but there was a silver lining." I smiled a shit-eating grin and started. "I fucked Brenda last night! Or rather, she fucked me, or at least initiated it!"

"No. Not Brenda! No way. She's straighter than I-80 across the salt flats!"

"Way," I said. "But she's not admitting it." From there I told her all about it, all the details from the moment Brenda slid into my bed to my sharing my cum with her to her denial at the airport.

Molly shook her head in disbelief. "I knew you were a charmer, but I had no idea you were that good. Tell me about the rest of your trip. I know you and I fucked, and I heard all about you and Anissa. She told the whole world about it. She said you guys did anal too."

"Yea we did," was my reply. "I love anal sex, and she was as tight as anyone I have ever done that with. In fact, I'd only been in her ass a minute or two when I was about to cum, and when I told her, she climbed off my cock and started sucking. True ass-to-mouth. I'd never done that before. I have to admit it was pretty hot."

"I'm pretty hot now. And very wet. Do you think we could sneak into someplace private and fuck again?"

"I'd love to Molly, but I don't think there's time. Let's finish this conversation about who else we fucked, and then on Monday night we can hook up and fuck some more."

"Yes we can," she said, "now that the door is open, we're going to fuck a lot."

"I wouldn't mind it if you casually slipped a hand into your pants and fingered yourself a bit. I'll cover for you."

So she did. She fingered her clit and finger-fucked her pussy for a minute then rubbed her wet finger on and around my lips. "Lick," she said. "Remember me. And remember that you are going to fuck me on Monday." 

"Deal," I said , licking my lips. "So the whole world knows that Anissa and I had sex. No one knows about me and Brenda, and that one has to be kept private out of respect for her and the church issues she'll have if it gets out. Who knows about me and you?"

"Oh, I didn't kiss and tell. Maybe later I will tell a select few, especially if I can use it to get Vanessa to fuck both of us together. Vanessa and I have been friends since college – I got her the job here – but we've never been sexual together, or sexual with the same man. I want to, so I might tell her. I know she thinks you are pretty hot. She did tell me she has fantasized about you speaking only Spanish to her while you fucked her. I think it's an Antonia Banderas fantasy thing."

"Works for me," I said. "I also fucked Alison."

"Duh," replied Molly, "Everyone knows that was going to happen. She's been gaga over you since day one. Plus, when you guys started sharing books, it was inevitable. Was it good?"

"It was great. I don't think I'm going to start ranking, since each of you are so different. But yea, it was great. She has enormous tits, and I appreciate them. Still, I prefer smaller tits."

"You'll never believe this one," Molly said, "but I fucked 'Mr. Clean' president-of-the-company-Ken!"

"You didn't!"

"I did. And I'm glad I did. And you know what? He wasn't even a good lay. I didn't cum. He did, and then kicked me out. Here I thought fucking a powerful man was going to be all that, and it kinda sucked. Of course, I fucked him after you and I fucked, so he had a damn high standard to meet. He failed miserably."

"Wow. I don't really want to one-up you, but I think I can." 

"How is that possible? Did you fuck Klauss?"

"Close. I fucked his wife, Jamie."

Molly's hand flew to cover her mouth. "Oh my god, you didn't!" She started giggling.

"I did. And it was a great fuck. Didn't you see her totally flirting with me every chance she got?"

"Well, I did notice – not that I was jealous – but I did notice it. She's not usually that way, at least not when Klauss is around."

"It happened the night before the meetings started. She had come in a day before her husband, and I had no idea who she was. She didn't have any idea who I was either. I was pretty shocked when I came into breakfast that first morning and saw her there. She was totally cool about it all, although she did flirt a lot."

I wonder if she tells Klauss who she fucks," mused Molly.

"He sure didn't give a shit if he did know it was me, and he wouldn't have known who I was anyway."

"That's totally awesome. Tell me all about it."

And I did. Every juicy detail.