 Being a freelance photographer, I had many subjects that I photographed. I stumbled into taking photos of horses and riders quite by accident. I moved into a small town in a more rural part of Southern California. There were multiple ranches and orchards in the area. I went exploring to get the lay of the land and see if there was anything worth photographing. I figured with the number of ranches and orchards around, there had to be some interesting barns and stables. 

I bumped along down a dirt road, taking in the fresh air and the scenery. It was such a nice change from the hustle and bustle of the San Fernando Valley. It was quiet and serene. I decided to set up shop here to find a more peaceful existence and enjoy some of the more simple life. I drove along lost in that thought before I realized I was hopelessly lost. I figured the road had to lead somewhere, so I just kept going, hoping that I didn't run out of light before I found my way. 

I turned into an entrance to one of the horse ranches, hoping to find someone who could help get this wayward city slicker back on his way. I pulled up and parked and got out to take a look around. I walked toward a stable as a young girl came out walking a horse.

"Hey stranger, you look lost." she said.

"Well, then, I guess looks aren't deceiving." I replied, giving her a wink.

We chatted briefly about the area, where I was and landmarks to use when traveling around. Her name was Janice and she was 16. I found out through our chat that she was really interested in horses and was planning to go to college to be a veterinarian. She was a cute girl with a sweet personality. She asked what I did and got intrigued when I told her I was a photographer. She asked if I had my camera with me and I said that I did. She then asked if I wanted to take some pictures around the ranch.

Janice gave me a walking tour of the ranch, showing me the horses and telling me the breeds and the characteristics of each breed. I snapped photos of the horses, some of the buildings and shots of Janice with that cute smile with the horses and riding. She was a natural in front of the lens and was very photogenic. Looking around the area, I knew there were some specific shots I wanted to take at "golden hour", the last hour before sunset when the light is almost gold in color and the high clouds would provide some great contrast with the setting sun. 

Janice watched with great interest as I composed the photos and took the shots. One of the wonderful things about digital photography is that you can see what you shot right away. Once Janice realized that was possible, she wanted to see everything that I had shot that day. She liked the horse photos but was critical of her photos of herself. I told her she was a natural in front of the lens and offered to take some posed photos of her around the ranch in the golden hour light. She accepted and we spent the rest of daylight taking photos of her.

As the sun faded, I knew I had to find my way back to my home in the dark. Janice said she was ready to leave and that I could follow her out to the main highway. I gladly accepted, knowing that these roads at dark were not lit and I would have a heck of a time finding my way around in the dark. 

A few days later I returned to the ranch with several prints of the shots I had taken a few days before. I had no idea if Janice would be there, but thought I'd give it a try. As I pulled in to the ranch, I saw a familiar face looking out of the stable. She smiled widely and came out to greet me with an older woman, about 40.

"Hey, Bill. Sally, this is the stranger I was telling you about yesterday who takes the pictures."

I reached out my hand and shook Sally's hand. She had the calloused hands of a ranch worker with a nice smile and auburn hair, pulled back in a pony tail. Even in jeans and a plaid flannel shirt, I could tell she had a nice body, proportionally shaped with just the right amount of meat on her bones. For a brief time I had done some work in fashion photography and by the fashion industry standards, Sally would be considered "fat". To anyone else outside of that industry, she would be a beautiful older woman. She looked me up and down with a smile.

I pulled out my portfolio to show Janice and Sally the photos I had brought along. They both oohed and aahed over the pictures of the horses and the buildings. When we got to the photos of Janice, Sally said "Wow, you really are photogenic, Janice." I nodded in agreement.

"You know, Bill, you could start a booming business with your photography here." Sally said. She went on to tell me that a lot of horse owners would pay premium for the quality of shots that I get of the horses. Many owners wanted photos of them riding their horses and with their horses as well. 

"Plus," Sally said "I really like the photos you have taken around my ranch. Can I get you to come out tomorrow to photograph some more of the horses and of me with my horse too? I'll gladly pay your standard rate. I'd like to get some new photos of me with my horse, Domino, and I am looking to update the ranch website. All I have are phone pictures. Your photos could really make my ranch site stand out." 

I knew I had a deadline the next day for some photos for a news agency, so i suggested the day after that and Sally agreed. Janice got a pouty look and said she couldn't be there that day. I told her it was okay, and if things worked out, she'd probably get tired of seeing me wander the paddock with my camera.

I met with Sally at 1 PM 2 days later on a warm, cloudless day. I knew it would be hot on the ranch so I dressed appropriately, shorts and a comfortable polo shirt. Sally greeted me in a plaid shirt tied just below her breasts and a pair of jean shorts that were just tight enough to reveal her shape. Working on the ranch had given her legs a toned look. I found her very pleasing to look at. 

"How comfortable are you on a horse?" Sally asked.

"Well, I rode a little in my youth, but that was many years ago." I answered.

She told me she knew of a nice vantage point on the hill above the ranch that gave a good full view of the ranch. I agreed to ride up the trail with her to the spot where I could shoot a good overview shot of the land. I liked that she knew the kinds of shots she wanted and had a good idea of how to get them. A take charge kind of gal, I liked that.

She pulled two horses out of the stable, both saddled up and ready to go. I guess she figured that one way or the other, I was going to ride up that hill for the photo. 

"So I see you planned ahead for this." I chuckled as I took the reins she handed me.

"It's a long walk up that hill. You could walk it if you wanted to, but it would take a while. An this IS a horse ranch." She said with a grin.

It has been a long, long time since I had been on a horse, but I got in the saddle without too much effort, or embarrassment. Having spent a little time in the saddle growing up in rural Illinois, some things don't leave you. I let Sally lead the way down the trail toward the hill. The tree coverage gave some nice shade to relieve some of the oppressive heat from the sun. I noticed her glance back at me now and again to make sure I was keeping up and she smiled each time our eyes met. I couldn't help but notice how she moved in the saddle, fluid and sensual. 

We found a clearing in the trees that gave a nice view of the ranch from above. I found a nice vantage point that framed the ranch through the branches to give the shot some depth. I shifted positions a few times to get a few angles. 

"Let's dismount here and give the horses a rest." She said as she swung her leg over the saddle to dismount. I caught a glimpse down her shirt as she dismounted. I had to clear my mind and remember that I was here for a job. She sat down on the trunk of a fallen tree and patted the spot next to her for me to sit down. I sat and she got up to reach into the saddle bag of the horse, retrieving a couple of water bottles. Somehow, they were cold, which was refreshing. Even in the shade, the heat was oppressive. 

"So, what's your story?" She asked as she turned toward me and sat down. "We don't often have artsy people from the city out this way."

I laughed and said "Artsy? I never thought of myself that way."

"Most people out this way are very salt of the earth people, simple, honest and hardworking. You have the city slicker vibe about you, but there is something else I can't put my finger on. Have you always been a photographer? Were you raised out here in California?"

"Well" I said " I was raised in rural Illinois. There was a lot of dairy and corn there, and a few horse ranches too. I grew up on a farm with cows and corn. I knew early on that it was not for me though. I had big dreams to do something more. My family didn't have much money, so college and travel were not really an option. So I joined the Air Force and became a combat photographer. I retired about 10 years ago and set out to photograph things that were beautiful and peaceful. But enough about me. How about you?"

"Sounds like you've had some excitement in your life. I inherited this ranch from my father and mother when they passed away. My husband, Carl and I decided to make a go of it in the late 80s. When 9/11 came, he joined up the next day with the Army. He ended up flying helicopters for them. He was killed in a training accident in Kuwait during the second Gulf War. His service life insurance took care of the debts that my parents had left on the ranch and so I guess if there is a blessing, the ranch is owned free and clear."

"Sorry to hear about Carl." I stammered out "So are you handling all this yourself?"

"Yes" she replied "I have ranch hands and help. Janice has been like a daughter to me. She's been in foster care most of her life, the child of an unwed mother who was a junkie that overdosed when she was a toddler. You wouldn't know how rough her life has been when you see how mature and confident she is. I love her to death. I think she has a crush on you."

I laughed "On me? Geez, I'm old enough to be her father. I had no idea how rough her life has been. She seems a well adjusted teen with a good head on her shoulders. She told me she wants to be a veterinarian. It'll be tough for her to get through school. Do you think she can afford it?"

"I'm going to help some, as I can. She has been good at saving and she hardly spends any money, so I think she is driven enough to be able to manage it."

The talk moved on to the area we lived in, some of the history and the personalities of the town. She asked a lot about my military career and my decision to move out of the city bustle. Having spent 20 years of my life living essentially out of a duffel bag, I don't live extravagantly and numerous deployments over the years had me stuffing my money away for when I retired. I wanted to find a quiet place to settle down and live in peace. I worked in the valley and LA long enough to have enough money to buy a small home outright with a nest egg. If things got tight, I could always sell the place and go back to working and living in the city.

While it was nice to sit for a while out of the saddle, the trunk of a fallen tree was a far cry from my easy chair. I got up to stretch my legs and back. I turned and looked at her and the way the light hit her face and her smile looked, I raised my camera and snapped a few shots of her. She posed in a few different angles as I snapped away. Se was clearly comfortable in front of the camera and I was glad for it. She was beautiful, a natural beauty with good natural coloring that needed no makeup. 

"Okay," she said "I did want some pictures with Domino too."

She got up and stood by her horse as I snapped some shots of her with Domino, shifting them both around for the best lightning and background. Then I had her get up on the horse for some shots on the horse. I had her go down the trail away and put the horse into a trot heading toward me for some action shots. Watching her body move on that horse was very sensual, and I found myself feeling a strong desire for her. I suggested she take her hair out of the ponytail for some of the shots as she rode down the trail and back toward me. She stopped near me after a few times and said she had an idea. She told me to wait right where I was and to shoot as I had been. She went further down the trail and out of sight. She stayed out of sight for a few minutes, then I heard the hooves on the dirt as she started back up the trail. I raised my camera and was shocked to see her doing up the trail toward me completely naked!

I lowered the camera to make sure it was't my imagination and she shouted "Keep shooting!" I raised the camera again and continued shooting all the way to me. She then circled me on the horse as she said, "I always wanted to do a Lady Godiva shot." and gave me a wink. I smiled back and admired her body. Her breasts were just the right size, proportionally perfect and perky. Work on the ranch had kept her body toned. She wasn't skinny, but wasn't fat, just right, in my opinion.

"Well," she smiled "what do you think?"

All I could say was "Beautiful."

"Thank you. You want to give me a hand off the horse so I can get my clothes back on?"

I nodded and felt awkward helping her off the horse. I wasn't sure where to put my hands, and everywhere I did touch felt wonderful. As she eased down from the saddle, I put my hands up into her armpits to steady her on the way down, getting a full view of her ass passing right in front of my face. I was close enough to smell her skin and was having a tough time keeping my composure. I has photographed many women in my time as a fashion photographer in various states of undress, but this was very different. It was more personal and friendly. She wasn't one of the self absorbed fashion models. She was a down to earth woman with a real figure, a figure I found myself being drawn strongly toward. 

As she got her feet on the ground, she turned toward me, wrapped her arms around my shoulders and pulled me in for a kiss. Our lips met and she pulled me close to her as our tongues explored each others mouths. All the sexual thoughts that I had been keeping at bay were unleashed like a storm. My hands ran up and down her back as the kiss continued. My cock was now at full attention as she ground her hips against mine. Her hand went down toward my waist and she untucked my shirt and started pulling it up toward my head. We only stopped kissing long enough for her to pull my shirt over my head before she thrust her naked chest against mine as our lips met again. Her hands rans up and down my back and down the waist band of my shorts, squeezing my buttocks and pulling me against her. Her hips were moving against mine as she started to moan.

Her hands moved to the front of my waist band and she fumbled with the button and zipper to pull my short and boxers down. They fell to the ground as she took my cock in her hand and began caressing it. I let out a soft moan as my hands caressed her ass and rans my hand along the inside of her thighs. The feeling of her strong hands on my cock and my hand on the softness of her thighs was pure bliss. My hand moved up her thigh to her outer labia, rubbing my hand against her warm wetness. "Mmmm" she cooed as my finger parted her lips to find her clit. The reaction was immediate. Her kissed became more passionate as I rubbed her and she stroked my cock. In our embrace, she stepped back a few steps and with one hand, pulled a blanket from the saddle bag. She stepped back and laid the blanket on the ground, the laid down on it and gave me a look of pure lust. I didn't need any prodding to get on top of her and continue our kiss. 

She rolled me onto my back and kissed around my neck and nibbled on my ears. Her hot breath in my ear was almost too much to take. She kissed, licked and nibbled down my chest, teasing my nipples with her tongue and lips before working her way down along my stomach to my inner thighs, licking and kissing as she went. She licked and sucked on my balls before gliding her tongue slowly along my shaft. She licked all around the head before taking me into her mouth. I let our a groan as she slowly slid my cock through her mouth and into her throat. She moaned softly as she slid up and down my cock while she lightly caress my balls with her fingertips. I was in heaven and very close to cumming. 

I took her head in my hands and pulled her up to me and kissed her passionately as I rolled her over onto her back. I kissed all around her neck, paying special attention to the areas that made her gasp or quiver. I glided my tongue down between her breasts and used my hands to put them together and take both nipples in my mouth at one time. I sucked on and tongued her nipples as she groaned and moaned. I could feel her hips gyrating as I worked my tongue over her nipples. 

I slowly licked and kissed my way down her stomach, gently stroking the inside of her thighs as I worked my way down. I let my tongue glide along the inside of her thigh, kissing and nibbling my way toward her warm wetness. She reach down and opened her labia with her fingers. My tongue worked it's way upward. She let out a low growl as the tip of my tongue brushed against her clit. I put my mouth over her clit and teased it with my tongue as I pushed my finger inside her and found the spot that made her quiver. She moaned loudly as I worked on her clit and pussy. He hips were bucking against my face as I could feel her starting to tremble with an orgasm. I worked even faster on her as she screamed out "Oh God! I'm bumming!" She squirted on my face as she ground hard against my face. I kept going as she gyrated in ecstasy. My finger was working in and out of her as my tongue teased her clit while I sucked on it. As the orgasm ebbed, I slowed my pace, but continued pleasuring her. Her hands were now in my hair as she gasped for air, moaning and pulling me into her. She came over and over, soaking me and the blanket.

She grabbed my head and pulled me upward. I wiped my face with my hand as I came up and she kissed me passionately, with fire in her eyes. She put me in the sitting position and mounted me facing each other. She let out a big sigh as she lowered herself onto my cock. She moved slowly against me and kissed me on my lips, neck and ears. He hot breath in my ear as she rode me. I thrust my hips upward to match her rhythms. As the speed increased, I could feel myself building up to a big climax. I could feel her starting to climax as I felt a tightening in my balls. We exploded together, me shooting wave upon wave as she squirted all over my lap, our bodies writhing in unison in the throes of passion. As the climax ebbed, we stayed locked together with our arms around each other and lips together. She continued to move slowly against me as we savored the afterglow.

We pulled back from the kiss and gazed into each others eyes with our noses touching.

"That was amazing." she gasped, still out of breath.

"YOU were amazing." I replied, my head still buzzing from the orgasm.

She got up and went to the saddle bag to retrieve her clothes as I started to put my clothes back on. Once dressed, she grabbed the blanket, shook it out and folded it up to put back in the bag. after buckling the bag straps, she turned to me and kissed me passionately on the lips, her arms around my shoulders. 

"We should get back to the ranch." she said "I need to get some work done, and you have some photos to process."

I nodded and we mounted our horses for the ride back to the ranch. She led the way down the trail, looking back often and giving me a wink and a smile. I snapped a few photos along the trail as we rode. Arriving back at the ranch, we dismounted the horses and I helped her unsaddle the horses and get them brushed out and returned to their stalls. She showed me the proper way to do this and she also taught me how to use the hoof pick to make sure the horses hadn't picked up any stones that could irritate their hooves. 
