 Shortly after we returned from Palm Springs, it was announced that the company was moving from the small Idaho town to the Boston area where the CEO lived. Job offers were made to all who wanted to relocate, but hardly anyone wanted to. Molly and Liz were about it. 

New hires from Boston came to Idaho for training, but the department where I worked had a couple of people bail, and it became necessary for a couple of us to travel to Boston to help train new staff there. It was part of the plan for me to go there to train, but that was all.

Kim was a late addition to the trip, and since she had never actually traveled alone before (she is a 34-year old MILF), she was booked on my flight, in my hotel, and it was assumed, I would take care of her. Believe me, I did.

It turns out that Kim's mother-in-law is Brenda, and while Kim is not a straight laced as Brenda, she is fairly religious now. 

We flew into Boston late on Sunday night, and we had an adventure getting out of the airport and to our hotel. Thank god for GPS navigation systems! We had a short night (separate rooms, of course), and I drove us to the office in the morning, Lunch rolled around, and we went together. It's still not clear to me why, but I paid for all of her meals too, and included them on my expense account.

After work we headed back to the hotel, rested and cleaned up, then went to dinner together. We repeated this every day, and a couple of times we did other things as well. One night we went to the factory outlet stores, another night we went to a movie, and another night we bowled. As we spent more and more time together, I became acutely aware of her, her nicely formed lips, her perfect ass, her sweet small tits, and her overall sensuality. I had been aware of her before, but spending so much time one-on-one heightened my awareness. The visit to the factory outlet stores was the turning point, I think. 

We had gone into the Lucky Jeans store, since they were her favorites. When she came out of the dressing room in a new pair, and spun around for me to see, I nearly creamed in my pants. Her ass was the sweetest ass I had ever seen. The jeans formed and framed it perfectly. That was the word: perfect. It was utter perfection, and I told her as much. Okay, I said "Those jeans fit you perfectly. They look like they were made just for you and for your shape. You look great."

By the weekend I was dying I was getting so very horny. Other nights I had just masturbated, but this was different. We had been out for dinner, and when we returned to the hotel, I mentioned that the pool and hot tub were quite nice. She asked if I was going to down to use them, and I replied in the affirmative.

"Well, I might see you down there," she said. I nearly sprained my dick, it got hard so fast!

Needless to say, I was down there a few minutes later. It took Kim a half hour, but she did actually show. It did surprise me, but I was totally excited. She had a towel wrapped around her, but I could see her legs and shoulders, and it was very enticing. She spotted me in the hot tub and walked around the pool to where it was. I watched her peel off the towel, and she looked great. 

Kim is petite – a size two I think, with a narrow waist, small tits and a fine ass. She was wearing a purple one-piece suit, with diamond shaped cut outs on the sides. It was strapless with a gold diamond shaped metal piece between her breasts attached to a chain that encircled her neck. It had French cut thigh – very high – and it was clear that she must shave to not much more than a landing strip. 

She was in the water quickly, but was quite aware of my admiring her as she entered. She found out it was too hot to get all the way in quickly, and popped out to sit on the edge. I could really admire her then, and she blushed. 

"You look great," I told her. "Not just anyone can pull off wearing a swimsuit like that,"

She blushed again. She lowered herself further into the tub, and within a couple of minutes she was in chest deep. I was getting pretty cooked by then, so I sat up on the edge.

"I'm going to try the pool for a minute and cool off. Care to join me?"

She didn't answer but climbed out with me. We jumped into the other pool and swam a little, and then stood together. I reached out and took a hold of her, and threatened to dunk her. She protested and struggled to get away. It was a great excuse to keep my hands on her and to keep a hold of her. Eventually I pulled her to me, her back to my chest, and held her tight.

Soon she stopped struggling, and we enjoyed the embrace. I was hard, and I knew she could feel my cock hard against her. I put my hand on her stomach, and she placed hers on top of mine, not restricting it, just being one with me. My other arm was around her, holding her close. Kim's head was resting against my chest and she was settled in. I moved my hand on her stomach, and touched her bare skin through the side cutout of her swimsuit. I slid my hand inside it, back to her stomach. 

Without a word being spoken, she turned her head and our lips met, It was soft and unhurried, It was sweet and powerful. It started out a little tentatively and grew in passion and power. We finally broke the kiss after several minutes, and she turned to embrace me fully. In the pool she wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist. Her pussy was pressed against my hardness. We gyrated against each other as we kissed, and I knew she wanted me.

I felt her hand working the drawstring in my swimsuit, and I helped her out. Together we pushed my swim trunks down a bit, then I felt her hand moving the crotch of her suit to the side, then warmth and softenss on my cockhead.

I thrust into her there in the pool. We kissed and fucked slowly for a few minutes, then I asked her if we could go up to my room. 

"This is great and all, here in the pool, but I think if we're going to do this, it would be great to do it right, What do you think?"

She kissed me some more, and whispered in my ear. "I need you to take me. I need you to make me a woman, let's go and really do it."

We went upstairs, directly to my room, and started again. We lay together on the bed, still in our swimsuits, snuggling, kissing, and talking about fucking. She told me she had been married for nine years, had plenty of sex, but it had never really been fulfilling. She told me she wanted me to give her the best I had, and make it the best she had ever had. Talk about pressure!

I promised to do my best, and I started exploring her. I touched Kim's body from head to toe, over her swimsuit, enjoying her smooth skin, her beautiful breasts, and her exquisite, perfect ass. We kissed and built the anticipation, and I began touching under her suit. I removed the chain from her neck and lowered the top of her suit, exposing her tits for the first time. She had tiny nipples, hard and erect, and I lowered my mouth to taste them. 

Taking one in my mouth and one in my hand, I licked and sucked. Her breathing was fast and ragged, and she moaned in pleasure. I thought she might start cumming any minute. I lowered her suit more, and kissed my way over her flat tummy, tonguing her navel. I rolled her over and removed her suit completely, and visually savored her ass before lowering my face and kissing it. I rubbed and squeezed it, and licked it and kissed it. It was unbelievable, and I almost couldn't believe I was doing what I was doing.

I spread her legs a little, and licked her asshole and pussy. I'd never done that, never really wanted to do it, but I was so turned on that it felt totally natural. I swirled my tongue around asshole, then down to her pussy and back. She was clean and fresh from the pool (and the shower she took before going to the pool), and the experience was wonderful. 

We turned her over, and I saw her pussy for the first time. She had shaved it clean, bald, and it looked fabulous. She had full lips and large clit which was totally erect and begging to be sucked. I parted her pussy lips with my tongue, sucked on them, slipped my tongue inside her, and sucked her clit. Her arousal was high and pulled my face into her pussy with her hands. 

"Make me cum, Dave. I so want to cum. Please. Now, make me cum." Her pleading was intense, and revealed the depth of her need.

I slipped a finger inside her tight cunt as I continued eating her pussy. I felt it a privilege to be worshipping at the altar of her mons, and I gave it all I had. Finger fucking her and sucking on her clit, then humming to add vibration, I made her cum. Her hips suddenly began bucking into my face as the waves of orgasm swept through her. Her legs squeezed my face as her pussy squeezed my fingers. She had stopped breathing, then began gasping for air as her climax subsided.

"Oh my god," she said, "I didn't know it could feel like that. Please fuck me now. Please, I need to be fucked. I need to feel your cock inside my pussy."

She needn't have begged me as I was already moving up to get inside her. I wanted to keep her climax going, so I spread her legs and lifted them, not over my shoulders but held up by my arms on either side of her. I pushed into her, deeply, then withdrew. My cockhead was rubbing against the front inside of her pussy, perfectly stimulating her g-spot. After the first thrust, I started fucking her faster, as hard and fast as I could. 

Her eyes grew wide and she started wailing – a good sound that totally turned me on. She started cumming again, and I fucked her harder and harder. Breathless after a few minutes, I slowed to a deep, steady pace that was deeply satisfying, but took me to the brink of orgasm.

"Don't stop," she cried, "fill me. Spill it in me. Mark me. Make me your cunt. Make me your pussy. Make me your whore. Make your cock's home! Fuck me, fuck the cum out of your cock. Give it to me. Let me feel it's heat deep inside." 

And I did. I filled her to overflowing, and when I withdrew, my cum ran from her pussy. Kim cupped it in her hand, and rubbed it into her body, on her tummy and her tits, on her pussy and her neck, on her lips and tongue. God it was sexy. 

We snuggled up and kissed.

"That was wonderful," she said. "I'd like to do it again before we leave here."

"I would too. Will you spend the night here with me?"

Kim smiled and kissed me deeply, then snuggled into my arms with her head on my chest. 

"Yes I will. Yes, I will. "

It was an amazing week. I'll never forget it.