 Skidding to a stop the loose sand from the beach showering up around Caleb's sneakers, the only other thing covering him are the loose Khaki shorts stained with the sweat of his four mile run. Caleb rakes his hands back through his short black hair, droplets of sweat shimmering in the air before they hit the beach. Sighing he closes his eyes the dark fringe of his lashes obscuring the silver gray of his eyes.

Bending over he slowly stretches out his warm muscles making sure that they don't tighten up on him. Caleb's perfectly sculpted body glistening with sweat, the heat of the sun and the reflections glinting off the surface of the ocean teasing over his skin. Sliding the keys from his pocket he opens his car, pulling on a tight white t-shirt over his sweating torso. 

Slipping behind the wheel Caleb rests an arm over the seats after turning the car on and starts to back out of his space, having taken a break from work to run and clear his head. His silver eyes flicking to his mirrors to make sure he can back up safely. Hesitating for a second he looks left and sees a flash of red and gray out of the corner of his eye just as he backs up. Hearing a hard thunk and shudder through the car. He pops it back into park and jumps quickly from the car leaving it running.

Growling "dammit!" he sees the crumpled form behind the bumper of his car, the bike slid back towards the other line of cars behind him. Kneeling down he gently assesses the body at the rear of his car sighing in relief as he feels a pulse and watches her chest rise. Gingerly removing her helmet he reaches into his pocket and calls 911. 

Waiting for a few short minutes he hears the whine of the siren. Biting his bottom lip as he watches her closely, trying not to move her too much but making sure her airway is clear and she's not bleeding anywhere. The EMT's push him out of the way as they slip on a neck brace and put her on a backboard. The only question Caleb asks is where they are taking her feeling the need to make sure that she gets her bike back, even if it's pretty battered from the crash.

Resting a hip back against the fender of his Lexus he puts a call into work and starts gathering up the bike and tossing it in his backseat with her helmet. Just as the whine of another siren catches his attention, mumbling, "Oh great" He slams the door shut and turns to turn off his car as the tires of the cop car squeal to a stop behind him. Reaching into his back pocket he feels for his wallet and realizes he'd tucked it safely in the glove compartment during his run.

Folding his arms over his chest his hard eyes glinting as the cop slips out of her vehicle, a clipboard in her hands, pen tucked behind an ear. "Are you Caleb Winters?" Nodding slowly he takes in the casual approach of the petite officer, her blond hair caught up in a ponytail at the nape of her neck. Green eyes sparkling as she looks at Caleb and notes the bike stashed on his back seat.

"I need to get some information from you Mr. Winters. Since the young lady was taken to the hospital we need your information for insurance purposes." 

Grimacing with a slight frown Caleb mutters. "She ran into me. The car is right where I parked it when she clipped the back end of my car." Turning her head she takes in the scratches along the trunk and fender, noticing that the trunk is the only thing out of the space. 

"It looks as though she wasn't paying attention." Shrugs and says, "However the accident might have occurred, I still need your Insurance and driver's license information Mr. Winters." Nodding Caleb turns and goes to the passenger's side of his car grabbing his wallet, insurance card, and the cars registration. 

Handing them over to the officer his eyes narrow slightly, taking them she starts to write down his information. Caleb's eyes graze over her name tag and badge # memorizing them. Clearing his throat he looks into her eyes as she looks up from her work. "Thank you for being thorough Officer Harris, you may call me Caleb." 

"It's not a problem Caleb, I should have been here when the call came in but I'd just pulled someone over for speeding." Chuckling Caleb lets his arms fall to his sides and pushes away from the fender again. "Who knows Officer Harris if this hadn't happened it might have been me you were pulling over."

A smile curling her lips at his words she finishes writing up her report and handing back his information. He takes it slowly from her and smiles back. "I guess I should go see how she's doing and get her bike back to her, though I'm not really sure if the Hospital is the place to leave it." 

Turning her head she looks at the bike and says. "If you move it to the back of my patrol car I'll make sure that she gets it back. I'm sure that I'll be able to get it to her more easily than you would"

Nodding Caleb opens the back door and moves the bike and helmet from his car to Officer Harris'. Then he reaches for his wallet again and hands her two of his Business Cards saying, "Would you please call me and let me know when it's back in her possession. I feel really badly about this accident, and would like to know that everything I could do has been done for her."

Lifting a sculpted brow at the two cards in her hand she slips one under the clip of the board in her hands next to the report and Caleb smiles. "The other one you can leave with her family, I'd like to do what I can for her and them." 

Her green eyes sparkling like emeralds she nods and tucks the other card in her back pocket. Reaching out a hand she Shakes his and smiles. "You can call me Jenna."

"Nice to meet you Jenna," Caleb continues to smile the silver of his irises lingering on her face for a while and gently releases her hand. "I should get to the hospital, I'm rather worried about her she didn't wake up all the time I was waiting for the EMT's." 

Frowning at his words, Officer Jenna turns and slips behind the wheel of her police car rolling down the passenger's side window she looks at Caleb and says. "I'll meet you there I still have to finish her side of the report."

Nodding and waving Caleb turns back to his Lexus and backs out of his stall hesitantly. Slipping quickly into the flow of traffic he drives to the Emergency entrance of the hospital and finds out what he can about the girl who'd hit him. 

Finding the Hospital Bureaucracy frustrating, they won't release any information regarding her condition to him. Settling into a couch in the waiting area he decides to wait for Officer Harris to show up. 

Sprawled across the couch his eyes hooded he watches the various people come and go through the Emergency room. Long legs crossed at the ankles not budging until he sees a petite form stroll through the doors to his left. Jumping up he walks to her quickly, "Hey Jenna, they wouldn't tell me anything because I'm not family. Can you let me know if she's okay?" 

Looking up a bit startled at his approach she smiles again white teeth glistening behind petal lips. "I've already been updated on her condition Caleb. She took quite a tumble and has a slight concussion. They are keeping her in the Hospital tonight for observation. Her name is Sarah by the way. I just got back from dropping her bike off with her roommate and leaving your card if they need anything."

A look of relief washes over his features when her words finally sink in. Spontaneously, taking her hand he lifts it to his lips and smiles kissing it. "Thanks Jenna I was going crazy not knowing what was going on with Sarah. She had me worried." As the realization hits him of what he's doing, blushing, his fingers reluctantly slip from her hand, mumbling, "Oh sorry."

Jenna laughs her alto voice making the sound purr through the waiting area. "It's okay Caleb I can tell that you've been concerned about Sarah since the accident. I can assure you that she's okay except for the concussion, and will probably be back to riding her bike soon." 

Nodding Caleb's eyes shift to Jenna's and says, "Would it be inappropriate for me to ask when your shift is over? I'd like to get to know you better Jenna."

Lifting a sculpted brow at him once more she smiles, "It may be inappropriate but it would be my pleasure to get to know you better Caleb. In fact I just need to finish this report and turn it in at the Station. Then I'll be free to spend some time with you. Can you give me 3 more hours and I'll meet you at Italia Deli on Kanan Rd?" 

Caleb quirks a grin at Jenna, "Sure no problem, that's near where I live, so around 7pm?"

Teasing her palm over her smooth hair, she slides her cap back on top of her head and looks at her watch. "Sure that should be just about right. If you'll excuse me for now Caleb I need to go talk to Sarah and finish off my report. The quicker I finish that task, the quicker I'll be able to meet with you at Italia Deli." 

Caleb's full lips curl into a smile, "I'll be there, take care Jenna till I see you in a few hours."

Watching her retreating back Caleb smiles to himself and ducks out of the emergency room headed home to get ready for his date with Jenna tonight. Strangely the traffic in Malibu is rather sparse, just driving at a normal speed he still makes it home in less than 15 minutes. His thoughts lingering on the random chance of him getting hit then meeting one of the most beautiful women he'd ever seen in the same day.

Shrugging out of his shirt before he gets to the front door of his apartment, he looks around making sure that the maid has been by to clean up his usual messy place. He walks directly back to the bathroom and takes a long shower. His body coated in sweat, sand, and some grease from Sarah's bike. The slow massage of the water his hands gliding soapy over his skin working out the tension of the day.

Turning off the water Caleb steps out of the shower and tucks the towel around his waist as he leans against the vanity turning on the faucet at the sink brushing his teeth, then filling it and working the shaving gel over his five o'clock shadow the razor deftly gliding over his skin taking off the shadow. Taping the razor against the side of the sink then rinsing the blade. Setting the razor aside and cupping some water in his hands to splash it on his face, cleaning off the excess gel, and slapping on some aftershave.

Toweling off Caleb wanders naked back to his room, pulling on some black boxer briefs, Black pleated pants perfectly tailored to show off his ass, silk navy long sleeved shirt the buttons open down to the middle of his chest. Tucking in his shirt to accentuate his lithe fit shape Caleb slips a thin black belt through the loops of the pants and buckles it tight.

Walking back to the bathroom he puts some gel into his hair making his short straight hair stand up in spikes all over his head and rinsing off his palms. Looking into the mirror he checks his appearance from head to toe, a wide grin spreading over his features, the cleft in his chin more prominent with the grin.

Reaching for his wallet and keys, Caleb strolls out to his Lexus, and slides behind the wheel. Feeling the soft leather of the seat curve to his body, he whips around the streets to the Italia Deli. Looking down for a quick second at his watch it says five minutes to 7pm. A tingle of excitement ripples through his blood and along his nerves craving the sight of the lovely Jenna Harris.

Pulling into the lot Caleb finds a stall fairly near the front and gets out locking the doors with the fob on his key chain. Pushing his keys back into his front pocket he walks towards the Italia Deli his silver gray eyes scanning for Jenna wondering what she'll be wearing this evening. His gaze taking finding Jenna, standing in the fading light of the day.

Rays glinting off the shimmering gold of her hair, breeze gently picking up stray strands and pushing them out behind her. With her face angled to the wind, the light green summer dress pressing against her perfect curves and bringing out the stunning emerald of her eyes. Legs bare feet in low sandals revealing sculpted ankles and calves her skin glistening bronze in the late evening sunshine.

Breathlessly he strolls towards Jenna, Feeling that strange tingling sensation glide just under the surface of his skin. Stepping to her side he whispers her name unable to add volume to his voice as he takes in the goddess incarnate beside him. His breath catching in his throat as Jenna turns, a radiant smile on her lips, lighting her features.

"You look amazing Jenna." Caleb whispers his voice cracking as he tries to add some volume to it, a blush coloring his face. "Are you ready for dinner? I called for a reservation while I was getting ready to meet you." 

Her smile never leaving her face she slips her hand into the crook of his arm and walks inside with him. Her warm voice purring a "Yes, I'm starving Caleb."

Feeling her warm hand wrapped around his elbow he rests his free hand over it and walks to the hostess. "I have a Reservation for two in a discreet booth under Winter's" The Hostess looks Caleb, and Jenna over briefly before letting her eyes flick to the Seating chart and nodding as she takes out two menus. 

"Please follow me Mr. Winters." Caleb oblivious of the hostess' curves as she guides them to their booth in a dark corner, two candles flickering on it. 

Tenderly guiding Jenna into the bench across from him, he settles onto his bench, eyes gliding distractedly over the menu in his hands. Caleb's silver of his irises, peeking over the top of the menu to look into Jenna's stunning face. The Candles making her sun bronze skin glitter in the darkness and emerald eyes glow playfully as they catch each other staring. "Hi beautiful" he says with a smile. 

Quirking a grin Jenna says. "Hi handsome, what do you think of my choice of Restaurants?"

Shifting his eyes reluctantly from hers he lets them trail lightly around the room. "It's nice I generally get take out from here. Most days I don't have time to actually sit down and enjoy a meal at a Restaurant. Thanks for thinking of it." 

Shrugging Jenna smiles, "I've wanted to come here for a while but like you I'm always too busy for a sit down meal. My work isn't very conducive for much of a social life Caleb."

Laughing the warm baritone of his voice filling the small space between them, "No I'd imagine that most men are so intimidated by your uniform, that they forget to ask a beauty like you out on a date." 

Mingling her alto laughter with his fading baritone she states, "Well there's that of course, but generally I'm giving them a ticket. That's not usually something that makes people look past the uniform."

"Our meeting for example shows that if I'd been giving you a ticket, you probably wouldn't have noticed anything about me." 

Shaking his head instinctively Caleb responds. "That's not true I kept getting lost in your green eyes. Everything about you says 'Notice me'. I'd have seen you even if you hadn't done the accident report with me today Jenna."

Glancing to the left Caleb notices the waiter standing discreetly to the side. "What your specials this evening?" As the waiter lists off the specials and wine list, Caleb half listens his gaze caught on Jenna's features motioning for Jenna to order, she chooses the Grilled Shrimp Caprese. Caleb lets the first thing from the menu pop from his lips. "I'll have the Angel hair Pasta with Clam sauce please, also a bottle of 2010 Bonneau du Martray Corton-Charlemagne to go please.

The waiter takes the order looking at Caleb for a moment. "I'm sorry you want the wine to go and not with your Meal." 

Nodding Caleb remarks, "Yeah, I drove here and I'm not planning on getting a DUI on the drive home." 

Winking playfully at Jenna, and watching as a blush seeps over her gorgeous face. The waiters eyebrows lift in surprise missing the context, "Whatever you say sir." 

Talking, while they wait for their meals, and then as they eat. Caleb feels a strange electricity surge through his system at each glance from Jenna's Emerald eyes. Eating his pasta half distracted. Only looking down to wind it around his fork and against his spoon. Putting it into his mouth and chewing not really tasting anything. Enjoying talking with Jenna more than anything, but all too soon the meal is finished and they are rising to leave.

Gently taking Jenna's hand he drapes it over his elbow again and leaves the restaurant, walking her to her car. She starts to play with her keys, a grin playing over her features brightening them in the fading light of day. Leaning forward Caleb looks into her eyes feeling her come to him her arms sliding around his neck and kissing him. Caleb resting his big hands on her hips, drawing her close, feeling the electricity along his nerves, making tingles of pleasure.

Panting he breaks the kiss looking into her hooded eyes. "I've wanted to do that all day Jenna." 

The warm purr of her laughter filling the space between them, arms still around his neck fingers teasing through the hair at the back of his neck. "That's good, because I've wanted to kiss you from the first moment I laid eyes on you Caleb. It was hard being professional, with you dripping sweat, and sincere concern about Sarah."

Tilting his head he brushes his lips lightly over Jenna's, a sigh of his pleasure whispering into her mouth. Caleb draws her into another kiss the heat coursing under his skin earlier, fanning into a flame as his lips fold over her bottom lip plucking at it gently. Jenna's hands slipping forward and fisting into his hair the kiss lingering as their breath grows ragged and bodies press together in building passion. Caleb's hands fist into Jenna's sun dress pulling her tightly against him the bottle of wine caught between his ring and pinkie finger, the kiss continuing till they are breathless again.

Breaking the kiss reluctantly, Caleb's hands free Jenna's sun dress from the death grip of his fists breath coming fast and hard. Jenna's breathing matching his, feeling the passion shimmering below the surface of their skin. Their foreheads touching, Caleb grins and asks, "Would you like to come to my place, we still have our wine to drink?" 

With a smile and flashing emerald green eyes Jenna replies, "Sure, it sounds like you know your wine and I'd hate to miss out on that. I know your address would you like me to meet you there?" Pulling back a little in surprise Caleb looks at her guileless features wondering how she got his address then suddenly remembering the accident report. 

"That would be fantastic, that way we both have our cars if we need them." Brushing Jenna's cheek with the backs of his knuckles Caleb turns to his black Lexus, and slips behind the wheel, the engine rumbling into life as he pushes the ignition. Once again whipping through the corners from the Deli Italia to his house, he notices the bright lights in his rearview mirror, a smile curling the corners of his lips. 

His car slides into his covered parking stall and Jenna's Black Dodge Challenger R/T Classic slides in next to his in the dual parking space that comes with the apartment. Escaping animatedly from his car, he walks to Jenna's door and opens it for her. Offering her his hand to help her out of her car blushing as he realizes that he forgot to help her into her car when they left the restaurant. 

Jenna emerges gracefully from her car a smile spreading across her gorgeous features as she sees the red tinting Caleb's high cheekbones. Pushing up on her tiptoes she leans in and kisses each cheek where the blush is spreading, whispering. "It's okay handsome I'm excited too." Slipping her hand into the crook of his arm once more, Jenna walks with Caleb to his apartment chatting casually, taking the time to get to know one another better. 

Finally they arrive at Caleb's apartment door, as he fiddles with the lock and opens the door. Sweeping his hand forward, motioning Jenna to enter before him. Looking around Jenna is pleasantly surprised at the eclectic modern design that is functional yet comfortable. A dark leather couch two easy chairs and an ebony wood and glass coffee table at its center serving as a nice conversation area. 
