 I have a good job as an accountant with a major Mercedes dealer and enjoy my work. I have a good wage contract with perks such as travel and a white demo coupe. I get to meet a lot of people but I have managed to stay unattached and keep mostly to myself. My name is Jen and I am twenty eight years old and attractive being a former college cheer leader. I have long black hair and I'm just a few inches over five feet. I am fairly athletic with a small waist, shapely hips and full breasts with highly sensitive nipples.

I got married right after college and for the first year things were good and then my husband Kevin got so wrapped up in his sports business that our life together sort of fell apart. I had been brought up in a conservative home and was a virgin on our wedding night. Kevin was not at all adventurous and left me wondering about so many of the things I had never done. We had planned to have children and it would have been the time to start now. But Kevin and I drifted apart so much that we finally separated. At first I was devastated but got over it and moved on.

I only had sex once since my separation and that was with Kevin one night . And as usual it was not fulfilling and left me wanting. I have learned to masturbate and will satisfy myself often in the shower or in bed at night. The separation had dashed my hopes of becoming a mother and that upset me more then the loss of Kevin which I got over very easy. I fell into the life of being a single woman and I had money, a nice place, a good job and I was enjoying myself.

My life took a change about six months after my divorce. I was scheduled to attend a large auto show in Ft Lauderdale and a couple of weeks before that convention I got a call from a Mercedes office in Arizona and it turned out to be an old friend of Kevin 's from college. He saw my picture in one of the company brochures and said he just had to call. He said he looked forward to seeing us at the convention. I told him Kevin and I were no longer together. He was very sympathetic towards me and told me how sorry he was.

His name was Randy and I remembered him well as he was on the football squad and our cheer team would go to many of their events. That was how I met Kevin as he was an equipment manager. I wondered if Randy would still look the same as he was well over six feet tall, handsome and really built. He always liked me and would tease and pretend to hit on me. He often used the line about how he was "more endowed" than Kevin and he used to laugh but Kevin hated that. Kevin made me promise to never, ever tell Randy I was a virgin. I smiled to myself and agreed.

I was surprised to get another call from him at home the next evening and he said he just wanted to talk with me. I got a soda and put up my feet and talked to him for almost two hours. He told me he had been divorced for two years and like me had no children but wanted some. I found him very comfortable to talk to and then he asked me if I had a date for the reception and when I told him "no" he asked me if he could be my escort. He also asked if I might find a little time to hang out with him on our off hours and maybe take in a few sites. I agreed to go to the reception with him and no doubt would find some time to spend with him. I was surprised he would be alone. I really had not planned to even attend the reception but I certainly would now. I actually found myself excited for the first time in a long while.

I bought a new dress especially for the reception. The beautiful material matched my hair and it was designed to tightly hug my curves. It showed a lot of cleavage and was very low in the back with a zipper. I decided not to wear a bra with it as the dress didn't really need one but I was a bit concerned with the light material that my nipples might be visible if they got erect. I decided that wouldn't be a problem.

I arrived in Ft Lauderdale and the first day of the show and convention were uneventful. Randy had not arrived yet but was coming in that night. He had phoned me earlier and told me he would call when he got checked in and said he would like to meet for a drink. He finally called and I agreed to meet him downstairs. I wore a sleeveless cotton top and a pair of tight fitting slacks and heels. As I walked across the main room I felt a little uncomfortable as I seemed to be getting some looks.

Then I saw him. Randy was even better looking than I remembered. I could tell he was also impressed with me. His expression made me feel good, like I was the hottest looking woman in the place. He smiled, walked up, and hugged me gently. He asked if I wanted to get a drink and we walked to a table with his arm loosely around me. We chatted and laughed about how he used to tease Kevin about me and he assured me it was in fun. I told him I knew that and just like I remembered he was a perfect gentlemen.

I didn't know a lot of the people at the convention myself and I couldnt believe how many people knew Randy. I suspected a lot of them were from the Phoenix area where he was from. I was getting a lot of attention it seemed just from being there with him and I sort of liked it. I noted a bit of staring and some whispering at the other tables.

I had a short day the next day and Randy caught up with me and asked if I would like to take a walk later. The hotel was in the harbour area and it was a beautiful place to stroll among the boats in the marina. I jumped at that suggestion and we agreed to meet in the lobby in an hour. I wore jeans, sneakers and a nice black fleece pullover that accented my hair. He was right on time and I moved down the stairs ahead him and I could see he was taking a long look at me. 

I do have shapely hips and tend to move very fluidly. It was a warm evening and it was just starting to get dark. We paused and looked out over the harbour. Randy slid his arm around me holding me against him and I felt very comfortable with it. Then with my arm in his we continued our walk and found ourselves in an area of small bars.

We decided to go inside one and the atmosphere was friendly and Randy soon had us right in the middle of a fun group. I am certainly no prude and drained my first Corona and Randy introduced me to tequila. It went down real good. I dont know what the salt off my hand did but I liked the lime. We were having a great time and I was getting a bit tipsy but really feeling good.

We started back to the hotel with his arm around me and we were both feeling the drinks. We stopped to wait for a light and Randy slid his arms around me and kissed me softly as if he was tasting my lips. It felt so nice I moved in closer and as soon as he felt my body against him he began to kiss me deeper. His lips were warm and as we moved apart I could see the twinkle in his eyes and the little smile on his lips.

We walked arm in arm and we began to talk and I told him how I still really wanted to have at least one child but my plans were on hold. Randy was surprised when I told him that Kevin was the only man I have ever been with. He listened to me and told me of some of his wishes and like me he wanted children and his marital break up had done the same with him as mine had with me.

I found I had very much in common with Randy and I really liked him. We got to our hotel and entered the main entry and went straight to the elevator. I pressed the button for floor sixteen and Randy pressed nineteen. The elevator stopped on the sixteenth floor and Randy got out with me and walked to my door.

He teased me, "relax Jen, I'm just taking you to the door." and he laughed.

I smiled and stood on tiptoes to kiss him and Randy closed the door behind me and went to his room. I went almost straight to bed and lay on my back with my fingers between my legs feeling how wet and turned on Randy had got me. I thought about when he used to tease Kevin about his size and as I rubbed myself I wondered what a big cock might feel like. I masturbated very easily that night and came harder then I had in ages. The next night I began to get ready early for the party. I had been feeling light headed all day and knew that it was that time of month that I was probably ovulating. I could feel extra moisture between my legs and I felt very sexy and real horny. Even my breasts were a bit swollen and more sensitive. I got myself a drink from the mini bar to help me cool down and relax. I put on my new dress, and stood in front of the mirror. "Oh my god," I uttered aloud, it didn't even look like me. The dress was classy but it was so tight it looked like it was painted on and "wow" was it sexy. I was already feeling a tingling sensation just from the way it made me feel to be wearing that outfit.

Randy called from downstairs and I told him I would meet him downstairs. As I left the elevator and walked across the room I could almost feel the stares on me. I felt very sexy and I knew I was looking real hot. The three inch heels made me taller as the dress showed off my curves with a lot of cleavage and the low back made it look open and airy. My long black hair was held together with a red ribbon that matched the trim on the dress.

Randy held me at arms length and looked at me. "Your absolutely gorgeous Jen." I smiled, and then he spoke some more, "you look beautiful." He really made me feel good.

"Thank you Randy and you look really nice yourself," and he sure did. He was wearing black slacks, a white jacket and he was wonderfully groomed and I was proud to be with him. I took his arm and we moved to a table and mixed in with some friends. The music started and Randy asked me to dance. He was a wonderful dancer and I just moulded my body to his as we moved across the floor. 

We seemed to dance every dance and only stopped to have him get us another round of drinks or take a breather while we talked. Randy was so charming and the room took on a romantic tone with the lights being turned low. On the slow dances he held me close and I found myself enjoying the feel of him against me. I started to look forward to each slow dance and it felt good to have a man like him hold me.

I began to notice his chest rubbing the thin material covering my breasts. It was stimulating me and causing a tingling sensation between my legs. My breasts have always been very sensitive and it's the quickest way to get me hot. I noticed a few times as I sat down that he must have gotten a view of my black panties with the shiny material tightly formed against my mound.

I also noticed Randy looking down at the top of my dress and realized that my nipples were erect and sticking out like marbles. I could feel the blood rush through my face as I blushed. There was little doubt that I was ovulating for them to get like that so soon.

It was getting late and both of us were feeling the drinks and when Randy got me into a quiet area he caressed my tight bottom through the silk dress and thin panties. I began to feel his growing erection press against my flat tummy and remembered him teasing Kevin. I knew now he was really much bigger than Kevin as I could feel the way it was digging into my belly.

I purposely rotated my tummy on it and whispered in his ear, "oh my goodness, Randy,"

He kissed my forehead."its your fault Jen," and we laughed.

Randy used his hand on the small of my back to keep me tight against him and I continued to rub my tummy against his erection. I had been lightly rubbing my mound against his leg and the feeling of his cock against my tummy got me so horny my knees were weak. I made the big decision right then that I really had to have Randy fuck me.

I took a deep breath and whispered "Randy, lets go to my room." 

He took me straight to the elevator and when the door closed he kissed me and I was nervous. "I have no idea how to handle something like this Randy, I have never done anything like this." 

He spoke softly "you are a real sweetheart Jen, everything will be fine."

As soon as the door closed we were in each other's arms and his hands were traveling up and down me. We ground our lips on each other with our tongues touching and our mouths wide open. He unzipped the back of my dress and I undid his shirt and got the first look at his muscular chest and flat stomach as he let the shirt fall to the floor.

My dress slid down and he took one nipple between his fingers and rolled it between his fingertips until it was hard. I ran my lips over his chest as he pulled the top of my dress down and completely bared my breasts. I was blushing and embarrassed as he looked down at my firm breasts with the excited nipples sticking right out. He put his fingers on them and between breaths said "they are beautiful Jen.. so firm.. your nipples are so sexy."

He went right to fondling and sucking them and I ran my hands through his hair holding him to me.. He moved back slightly, slid my dress right off and I stepped out of it leaving me completely nude except for my see through light panties.

Randy just stared at me and then spoke "you are exactly as I imagined, I have to have you Jen ," and as he touched me I could feel his hard cock pressing against me through his pants and I could hardly wait.

He gently cupped my mound and it felt so good, then he moved the crotch aside and lightly touched my pussy. He spread the lips and dipped the tip of one finger into my wet opening. "Ohh god Randy. I'm so hot!"

He placed me on my back in the middle of the bed and sucked my nipples then began blowing on me all the way down to the top of my panties. He pulled the panties down and I felt his breath on me. He nuzzled my small tuft of black pubic hair and seemed to be inhaling the musky odour of my wet pussy.

Oh god, it was then I knew Randy was going to eat my pussy and no one had ever tasted me there. He peeled my panties right off and spread my legs slightly.

"Randy, I have never had that." I caught my breath. He held my hips and went right down between my legs and for the first time I felt a mouth there and cried out it was so good.

"Randy! oh god, oh god, oh god." I bucked my hips towards him as he buried his face in me licking the wetness between my legs right from my ass to my clit and I lost my breath when he began probing his tongue right inside my pussy.

"Oh Jen your so sweet, I could do this to you all day" and I swear I could hear Randy growl as he went to sucking right on my clit while he took my breasts in both hands and rubbed them and pulled my nipples until he had me quivering all over. The orgasm came fast and I thrashed my hips from side to side and felt the release and just shivered. I closed my eyes and lay there breathing hard thinking about what I just had and he was far from finished.

He caught his breath, " I want to do it to you Jen, I want to be inside you."

He kissed me and I could taste myself on his lips and it made me so horny I quickly slid myself under him as he mounted me. I loved the feel of him fitting his strong hips between my legs as he got himself into position so he could fuck me.

"I might have trouble at first Randy," I whispered.

I felt the first warm touch of his cock at my pussy and looked down and it was huge and he was already guiding it between my wet lips. It was twice the size of what Kevin's was. My mouth opened and I cried out as he began to push the thick round tip into me. I trusted Randy and I wanted his cock so I tried to relax and open myself to him. Then I panicked when I thought of what I had forgot in my excitement.

"Randy...I'm not protected!" I cried out right at the moment he pushed his bare cock past my tight inner ring."oh my god Randy." He had got the head into me and stretched me wide but it just felt good.

"I want to feel you Jen," he paused a second " I don't want anything between us" .. .you feel so good!" My head was flung back and my mouth was wide open. I was breathing hard as he gently pushed it into me a few inches and it almost felt like Randy was taking my virginity.

"Your so big," I groaned, pushing against his surging hips.

"Your tight Jen, so smooth and warm inside." He let me take it a bit at a time and was well into me deeper then Kevin ever went and was so gentle with me.

"You can't finish inside me" I whispered "I'm ovulating.. you might give me a baby."

"Its okay Jen," was all he said as he was just moving easily and letting my pussy lips stretch and then I felt his pubic bone touching mine. He jabbed me gently a few times and I knew I had all of him inside me and I was completely filled as he began sliding his cock smoothly in me and it was like nothing I had imagined as he began to thrust faster

I had never been so excited. " Oh Randy, your so big.... it's so long!" I knew then that I was really going to get fucked. "Oh your deep, faster! faster! God Randy, I want it so bad."

The plum sized head was being forced and pushed against the opening of my womb and I could feel every bit of the shaft as the top of it slid across my clit. Kevin had never given me an orgasm with his cock. I exploded in orgasm and thought I was going to pass out as wave upon wave of pleasure passed through my body and Randy had only just started fucking me.

He slowed his stroking until I recovered and I really knew now what a big cock felt like. My pussy had easily adjusted and I fit around it like a tight clasping glove. I knew already that I wanted this one for myself and loved the feel of having a real man's powerful cock inside me. His muscular hips stroked it in me in long deep thrusts and he was very quickly bringing me to a second climax. I began to come again!

Randy held me tighter to him and I could feel he was about to come about the same time I would and he was going to have to pull it out of me.

Then just as I started to push myself against him I felt his whole body lurch forward pushing the tip of his cock into me even deeper. He gave a loud groan and shot the first spurt of his semen deep inside me. He wasn't pulling out.

I gasped, then cried out."Oh god Randy, you did it inside me... oh, oh, oh, no, its feeling so warm!"

"Oh, oh Randy," I was coming hard and I just wrapped my legs around him a let him shoot his potent sperm into my fertile womb. I was completely consumed with the pleasure between my legs. He had just given me the greatest sexual experience of my life as wave upon wave of ecstasy went through my body. It was wonderful and his sticky semen began pouring out of me and down the crack of my ass as he kept spurting. When Kevin used to come it dribbled out of him but I could feel everyone of Randy's long warm spurts.

When reality began to return the fear of what I had done caught up with me.. I began to cry and Randy looked into my eyes as he slowly continued to move his softening cock in and out of me. It felt so soothing and I could still feel some of his cum oozing out of my swollen pussy.

He kissed each of my eyelids and whispered quietly "Its okay Jen, everything is okay." My legs were still wrapped around him and he was gently thrusting his cock inside of me. It felt so nice and even when he was soft he filled me. I looked up at him and realized he was still screwing me and my body was starting to respond again.

I could feel his cock hardening inside me and my hips again began to meet each of his thrusts. He released my hands and our sex was very slow and romantic We continued for a long time and I blocked out all thought except how wonderful his cock felt sliding in and out of me. I had no idea sex could feel so good. As we fucked I had several small orgasms that seemed to just run together.

After a while Randy panted, "I'm going to come again, should I pull out Jen?" 

It still surprises me when I think of how I answered him. "No Randy, come inside me, I want to feel it again, come inside me, its okay!" 

He smiled and picked up his rhythm as he reached underneath me lifting my hips and holding me firm as he arched his back and I felt his whole body stiffen.
