 He was probably one of the most stunning guys I had ever seen. His scruffy blonde hair, blue-green eyes and toned body were such a turn on. He was tall, athletic and his voice was deep and gruff, and extremely sexy.

Unfortunately, I had never had a real conversation with him. He was a bartender at the local club (Randy Joe’s) my friends and I were regulars at. And every time we were there I found myself watching him and getting just a little too excited for my own good.

What made things worse was that this particular bartender was CONSTANTLY staring at me. I had, on more than one occasion, caught him running his eyes up and down my body with such a look of lust that I had to stop myself from grabbing the nearest guy and fucking him like crazy in the nearby toilets.

This, of course, was not good for a female in a situation such as mine. I was single, horny and very imaginative. I found myself most nights dreaming of him running his hands down my body, kissing and caressing me, and then fucking me long and hard. As I only had a few toys and my own 2 hands, I was often left feeling unsatisfied and even more desperate to get his fat juicy cock inside of me.

So, if we ever met, he was going to be in a lot of trouble.

-------------------------------------------------

I was riding the tram home from working a long day in the city. As per usual, I was tired and sexually frustrated. I had found that my frustrations had become more intense as the weeks passed by and I could no longer stand it. I had decided that tonight I was going out to the local club and I was going to pick up. I was going to give someone a good bang before the night was over, no matter what.

As the tram stopped at an intersection, I looked up from my book to have a look out the window. To my surprise, there was my bartender walking towards the tram. Without hesitation I ran out of the tram, and walked towards the bartender.

“Hello” I said, grinning ear to ear. There was no way I was going to pass up this opportunity.

“Hi” He said back, looking extremely nervous.

“I know you, don’t I? You’re the bartender from Randy Joes, aren’t you?” I questioned him oh so innocently.

“Yeah! I’m Matt. I know you too don’t I? You’re a regular?” Matt replied, shuffling his feet as he spoke.

“Yep, that’s me. I’m Sarah.” I answered, sticking out my hand waiting for him to shake it.

Matt took my hand, gave it a firm shake and smiled. I could feel myself sweating, my nipples becoming increasingly erect as we touched.

“So, am I going to see you tonight at Randy’s?”

“Definitely. Is that where you’re headed?” I questioned, hoping that he would say yes.

“Yeah, I’m opening the club, so it’s just me and the bar for the 1st 2 hours or so.”

“I’m walking that way” I lied “Would you like some company?”

“Sure! You live around here?” He asked as we made our way down to Randy Joe’s.

“I do. I was just coming home from work” I responded, my heart beating faster as I thought of all the wonderful things I could do to this man.

As we got to the club, he turned to me and looked me straight in the eyes, his face a now bright red colour.

“Can I ask you something?” 

I nodded and knew what was coming.

“Could I have your number?” he asked looking down at his feet. “I’d like to call you sometime.”

He was so hot standing there, so innocent and sweet. I couldn’t bear it any longer, this was getting to be too much for me.

I grabbed Matt, pushed him up against the door and kissed him with such lust that I could feel his cock rising straight up into a magnificent erection, pushing against my tingling pussy.

Surprising him, I grabbed the keys to the club out of his hands and opened the door, pushing him through into the darkened room.

“I don’t think we should…” he began to say as I shushed him and began unbuttoning his shirt. 

“You have no idea how long I’ve wanted you in me. So, don’t try and stop me.” I breathed in his ear, slowly undressing him.

Finding the nearest pool table, I sat on the edge and started on his pants. He was amazingly aroused and the thought of making Matt so hot made me even hornier. As I slid his pants down he grabbed my head and pushed it down to his dick, groaning as I teased his swollen head with my tongue, stroking his shaft gently with my fingertips. 

“Ohh” He groaned watching me slowly inch my mouth further down his meaty cock, sliding my tongue up and down and around his shaft.

Sucking gently, I began massaging his balls, and felt him shiver with pleasure. Then, drawing my mouth up to the tip of his cock I moaned as I tasted his pre cum in my mouth.

Looking straight into his eyes, I began moving my mouth up and down his shaft, sucking and licking as I went, increasing the speed of my strokes. 

Getting closer to orgasm, he began moving in time with my mouth, his movements becoming more and more urgent as he started to cum. With an intense orgasm sweeping through his body, he yelled out, letting more and more cum spill into my greedy mouth.

Pulling away I looked up at him and pulled his mouth down to mine and kissed him, the salt of his cum mixing between out mouths. As our kisses became once again lustful and hungry, he began to undress me. 

Ripping off my shirt, he looked down and grinned realising I wasn’t wearing a bra. My large perky breasts were sitting to attention, my pink erect nipples hard as rocks.

“Mmmm” he groaned in approval. 

Then, leaning over me, Matt pushed me down on the pool table, and tugged my skirt down, smiling once again in satisfaction, as there was no underwear in sight.

“Naughty girl” he moaned, leaning into me, kissing my neck and slowly starting down towards my firm stomach. 

“Oh god” I whispered as he lowered his head and moved his hungry kisses towards my thighs. 

Moving his face towards my pussy, my body jerked and my back arched, pushing my pelvis up to his face.

“Eat me, Matt! Eat me!” I said, grabbing his head and pushing it into my soaked cunt, slowly moving with the rhythm of his tongue as it moved up and down my slit. 

Hungry with sex, he pushed his tongue into my hole and moved it around, pushing it in and out, going deeper with each stroke. Lifting his hand to my clit, he rubbed it furiously, forcing me to come so violently I screamed louder than I ever had ever done before.

This was the best sexual experience of my life yet, and I was not at all ready to finish it so swiftly. 

“Matt” I panted. “I want you to fuck me.”

Pulling away from my pussy, Matt got up, pulled me up off the table and kissed me. Picking me up in his arms he walked over to the bar area.

Lying me down on the bar, he looked me over, like he had many times before with that same look of lust and wonderment, his eyes moving over my body and then resting on my breasts. Touching them gently, he played with my nipples, pulling and twisting them carefully. Then he moved his hands down, touching every part of me, sending me absolutely crazy with desire.

As he ran his hands down my stomach, he climbed onto the bar and knelt over me. Spreading my legs wide, exposing my cunt, he pushed his cock in. Moving slowly, he pushed himself in further and then slowly pulled out. Grabbing his cock he ran it over my clit, causing me to cry out. 

“Fuck me” I squealed, desperately trying to get him to enter me again.

Chuckling away to himself, he pushed the tip of his cock into me, then pulled out again. Then pushed it all the way into me again, the base of his cock grinding against my mound.

Before he had a chance to continue on with his teasing, I pulled him down and wrapped my arms around him. “Now fuck me!” I commanded, no longer willing to fool around.

Putting his hands on either side of me, Matt obediently rammed his cock hard and fast into me. Wrapping my legs around him, I moved with his body, feeling his balls slap against my hot flesh.

As his rough chest moved up against my smooth round breasts I began to tingle all over. “Yes, fuck me.” I yelled “Make me come Matt! Oh god, I’ve wanted you to fuck me for so long.”

This obviously turned Matt on so much that he began to move deeper into me, his strokes becoming more urgent and needy. 

“I’m gonna come” he panted, moving even faster. 

Feeling myself coming to orgasm, Matt let go and filled me splashes of hot cum, making me writhe in pleasure, as I came as well. Grinding up against him, I moved slowly as he continued to fill me with more and more of his juices, sending me into a second amazing orgasm almost instantly. 

This one was more intense than the first and I dug my fingers into Matt’s back, screaming and rubbing up against him.

“Oh yeah” I groaned, looking into his eyes. “You are amazing”

“Not as amazing as you” he answered

Leaning over to kiss me, he pulled out his cock and ran his fingers up and down my sides, making me shiver.

“I’m never going to forget this” Matt said to me, wrapping his arms around me and pulling me off the bar. “Me too” 

Holding him for a while, we kissed, while the smell of sex and sweat floated throughout the club.

Suddenly remembering where we were, Matt looked down his watch, his eyes widening.

“Oh god! It’s nearly opening time” he said, scanning the area, looking back at the mess we had made.

“I’ll help” I replied, feeling guilty.

-------------------------------------------------

After cleaning up, I gave Matt my number.

“Here, I want to see you again,” I said, passing over the piece of paper with number my scribbled on it.

“Thanks” he said, putting it in his pocket.

He leaned forward and kissed me “I had a wonderful time.”

“So, did I” I replied, running my hands in between his legs and up his thighs.

“You better go before I can’t stop myself” he grunted, his cock already responding to my touch. “But you’re still coming tonight , aren’t you?” he asked urgently, pleading at me with his eyes.

“Yes, I will be…. In more way than one, I suspect.”

Laughing, he kissed me again, and then I left, leaving Matt and the club behind.

“Cya tonight” I called out, while walking out the door, a large grin spread across my face.

As I passed the windows of the club, I could see Matt wiping down the bar, a wide grin spread across his face too.