 I was only 24 years old and living in my apartment for the fourth year. The freedom of being independent was priceless. I lived with a roommate, nice girl who sometimes stopped for a chat and the passing around of a joint but she basically wasn’t around that much. I had the place for myself, how I liked it, when I liked it and my way. I loved it.

It was 3:24 pm on the kitchen’s clock. I’ve been sleeping most of the day, woke up, made up some brunch and decided to paint my nails while listening to that experimental rock craziness college kids are listening to these days. While I lit up a cherry flavored cigarette the door knocked various times. It had to be one of my friends looking to pass the time. Vacation time was the perfect breeding ground for those sloth-filled moments.

I opened the door with curiosity to engage my eyes into a man I didn’t recognize holding flowers and wearing a smile. He had a gray t-shirt and some short pants, skater shoes and a fedora hat. I gazed upon him for a minute only too recognize him as Ezequiel, my lost love from when I was a senior in high school. He had left to study to a university in the states and even thought we were in love, our separation was imminent. Our goodbye was horrible, yet we didn’t believe in long distance relationships… it was hard. I moved on, dated other guys, had 3 other boyfriends and fucked more than that. Yet I could never compare anything to what we had.

I couldn’t believe it was him. I screamed and hugged him for several minutes. After that I invited him in and got the flowers into some water. I was so nervous. I started chain smoking on my cigs… I gave him one. 

“ Its great to see you at last. You look great, happy and your place is awesome” – 

He admired at my graffiti walls and 70’s retro chandelier that hung in the middle of my living room right above our Arabic bong. 

“You look great too. How’s life, tell me all about it, I’m so happy to see you” – 

Indeed I was so excited. We talked for about 10 minutes about the new job he was getting as an art professor at an elementary school and how he was happy to be back and talked about our past relationships, loves, mishaps and everything, sex.

I decided to sit beside him on the couch. I rolled a little joint and shared, like the old times. As we shared he caressed the short hair in the back of my neck. I could feel the energy soar around us, like it was years ago. He was ever more handsome now. I was very different too. 

He took me by the back of my head and passed his smoke from his mouth to mine. We giggled, he blushed. I did the same in return. I played with his hat and started to dance around the living room, he chased me. I couldn’t help but flirt and I couldn’t help but to give him a peck on the lips. He returned the peck. Slowly I hugged him and started to kiss him. Slowly at first, lips to lips touching gently then moving the tongue slowly, licking his lips and biting the tip of the upper one. My hands grabbed his hair and neck tightly. He was an artist. We kissed standing in the middle of the living room and I pushed him to sit down on the sofa. He sat down and caressed me down from neck to hips and blew air in my navel. I sat down next to him and started making out again, time stopped. I moved on top of him and I could feel the heat rising. He was getting aggressive and so was I .

“I really was wishing for this to happen again” – He whispered while licking my ear and biting my earlobe. I only gave a little agreeing moan. I was so excited, I could feel his member pushing against his pants while I kissed him passionately and I moved slowly down and upward to feel it. He took his hands and started to caress my breast. They were a size B, round with a big areola. He used to love them. He licked my neck and down to my breast where he sucked on my nipples gently and slowly, while grabbing the other breast with his other hand. I was so wet, I wanted more. I didn’t care about the future, the past, it was now. The present was everything. He licked my breast more aggressively now and started to touch me over my underwear. I did the favor and stood to take my pants of; that he enjoyed. I sat on top of him again and placed his hand inside my blue lacey panties, I wanted him to feel my river of thirst for his pleasure and mine. 

He started to touch gently at first, my clitoris, little circles, up and down, side to side. I moaned in his ear, not causing a riot. It was more inside my head that I was dying to scream. He fingered me hard now. I loved every minute of it. I opened his pants and started to caress his dick, up and down slowly. We still kissed time to time and he placed his hand filled with my juices in my mouth. I sucked his fingers and then kissed him. I wanted him to taste me, so he could see what was waiting for him later.

It made him go crazy. I kept on working him. His dick was perfect, thick, about 7 inches and had a little slide to the left. I couldn’t resist anymore. I wanted him. I forgot about him touching me and went down on my knee, first I gave him a little flirty peck. I kissed the top of his head and then started licking it slowly… first the tip, I sucked on very gently to hear those oh so needed “ahhs”. I loved to hear him go like that, I was in control. I tasted his juices, salty, good. I moved my tongue down his dick then placed it all in my mouth. I went up and down, all his inches in my mouth, I sucked on the tip with my lips and flirted away with little licks here and there. He started pushing my head into him. He was about to cum, I felt him spasm and hoped for his entire pressure to slide in my throat. I loved him. I wanted everything he had. I sucked the extra cum from his member and took him by the hand.

He blindingly followed me to my bed, I shut the door. He grabbed me and pushed me into the bed, took my panties off with his teeth and started to lick my navel until he got to my clit. I wanted him to eat me up like there was no tomorrow. I fingered me and licked my clitoris viciously. He was a master. I was screaming now, moans of pleasure, I didn’t care who heard me. I was free and I was in an amount of pleasure too intense to be scared to describe. I came, in a heartbeat. He kept on licking me. He didn’t want to give me a break. I begged him to penetrate me. I wanted him inside me. I wanted him to become part of me. He inserted himself into me while kissing me on the lips with love. He tasted of my pussy that was a great turn-on. He thrusted slowly and then much deeper, all inside of me. He kept me thirsty for more. I then went on top of him. I rid him like I wanted him to dry up. I could feel the intensity rising. He screamed and moaned and pooled on his hair and grabbed my tits aggressively. I arched my back , looking to hit the perfect spot to go on climax together. After three more strokes we dismantled. Two moans in unity faded in the air and with him still inside of me we hugged for minutes. Kissing my forehead and my lips and cheeks. I love reliving the past. We took a shower together. We made out for what seemed hours in the tub. I bathe him and he did the same to me, while taking a little more time on those special areas. As he started to get dressed I lit another cigarette and started the coffee… we drank some and then went to sleep.