 Allison was nervous, very nervous. She drove into the night questioning her motives. "What am I doing? Why did I say I'd meet him?" Her knuckles turned white as she gripped the steering wheel hard. Should she just turn around? While the idea seemed extremely tempting, she assured herself she would not regret this trip...He had assured her she would not regret it. Allison drove along the dimly lit road as she fantasized about him. Months of anticipation were all boiling down to this event. What was going to happen? She checked her directions again, before heading down what seemed to be his street. She picked up her cell and dialed.

"Hello?" the deep voice on the other end questioned.

"Hey, I think I'm here," Allison replied.

"I'm heading down now... I'll meet you at your car." Suddenly there was silence. Allison was a little surprised by the abrupt ending, but had no time to dwell on it. She checked herself out in the mirror for the last time and turned off the car. Carefully she tucked her phone and keys into her purse. 

"Just take a deep breath," she told herself. Allison got out of the car, adjusted her skirt, and locked the door. She tugged at the handle lightly to make sure it was secure. Before she had the chance to turn around, she felt a body press up against her. His arms attached themselves around her tightly and she could feel his hot breath gracing her ear. Her whole body tensed.

"Hello, gorgeous," he whispered in her ear. Allison let out a sigh of relief followed but a bashful smile as his embrace loosened. He spun her around quickly, and leaned her gently back against her car. She looked up at him for the first time. Nathan's eyes were enchanting. She knew that she could get lost in them for days and that he was going to be trouble. His left hand grasped onto her waist while the right rose to meet her face. He smiled and ran his thumb over her lips. "I've wanted to do this for so long..." his voice trailed off. Nathan lifted her chin, and their lips met. Their first encounter was soft and sweet. He pulled away slowly to gage her reaction. Allison opened her eyes long enough for her hands to find his face and pulled him back in. They met more feverishly this time. 

Their tongues circled each other as she pulled into him more tightly. Nathan shoved his knee between her legs while his hand ran down to her backside, cupping her ass in his hand. His leg could feel her smoldering around him as he pushed her firmly against the car, his body flushed up against her. A light moan escaped from Allison's lips as he raised his leg higher to meet her. Nathan ran his hands up her back while he moved his lips to her neck. Lightly he trailed kisses around it, as he brought a hand up to grasp her breast. 

"Wait..."she whispered. Nathan did not let up. "I want you, but not here," she continued. 

"You're right," he responded. "I haven't been a very good host. Let me bring you inside." He clasped her hand and began to direct her inside. Allison's heart was racing. What was going to happen when they got upstairs? She had ideas...but ultimately knew what would go on. His smile was enchanting and she knew she would have a hard time saying no, not that she really wanted to. "Here we are... my home away from home," Nathan announced as he swung open the door. Allison followed him into the main room where Nathan's friend and roommate were sitting. They both suddenly stopped to look up at Nathan's guest. "Hey guys, this is Allison... Allison, these are the guys."

"Nice to meet you," Allison responded shyly. With that, Nathan led her to the opposite end of the room. His buddies made a few jokes about his poor introduction skills. Nathan flashed them a smile before entering the dimly lit room.

"He's harmless really," Nathan's roommate shouted.

"Try not to bite him," his friend added jokingly.

"I can't make any promises," Allison responded slyly. With a wink and a smile, she was jolted into the room and the door immediately shut. The laughter of his friends sounded behind the door, but neither of them really gave it much noticed. Now they were alone, and nothing was going to take their attention away from one another. Nathan pushed her lightly back against the door and held his body against her. 

"I have pictured this over and over again in my mind...having you here... wondering what I'd do first. I'm sorry if I'm being forward, but I really can't help myself." Nathan cooed in her ear. "After all the late night stories, the seductive phone conversations, and now just finally seeing you... being able to touch you... feel you..." his voice trailed off into some light heavy breathing. Allison could feel him hard against her lower stomach. She was delighted her presence could do that to him. 

She was not sure what to say. She knew she could not fight how she was feeling for too much longer. Without saying a word, Allison grabbed onto the bottom of his shirt. She lightly touched him stomach and, staring up into his eyes, started to raise his shirt. Nathan smiled. She deposited his shirt onto the floor and allowed her hands to touch his chest. Lightly, Allison let her hands trail down to his stomach, then rest at the top of his pants. Nathan leaned in and kissed her. This kiss was different, not as rushed or feverish as before, but slow and seductive. 

Allison gripped tightly to his belt loops as his hands began to roam over her chest. "These are amazing," he whispered between breaths. Just as she had done, he lifted her shirt off her. He did not need to do much for Allison's nipples were already erect. Nathan ran his tongue around them in a circle, than lightly began to suck. She rested her head back against the wall and softly moaned.

"I can't take this..." Allison groaned. "Nathan, I need to feel you. I have to have you." He looked up into her eyes and smiled. She began to tremble as she felt his hand on her leg. Nathan ran his hand up her inner thigh under her skirt. He could feel she was warm and proceeded until he reached her panties. He pressed a couple of fingers up onto her. "oh god," she moaned in reply. "Please...please don't stop," she begged. He kissed her again as he let his fingers roam under her thong. She was wet... really wet. Nathan had to control his excitement. He finally pushed her thong aside, and pressing his body firmly against hers, started to explore. Softly he kissed her neck as his fingers slipped between her lips and found her clit. Allison whimpered into his ear, "How long must I wait to feel you inside of me?" Nathan gave no response. He kept his fingers circling her clit, lightly dragging it back and forth over it. He could feel her hips buck against him as he continued to pleasure her. 

Allison felt his cock hard against her. Realizing she had been selfish, she slipped her hand between her and Nathan. She quickly located his cock and pressed her hand around him. "Oh, god," he cried out not expecting to be touched. Allison laughed a little to herself knowing she will definitely please him. His hand slipped away from her to hold himself steady with the wall. Allison looked at him and smiled. She leaned in and kissed him while feeling his cock grow under her hand. She backed off.

"I want to taste you." Nathan's mouth hung open as he thought about her lips around his cock. Without a reply, Allison undid his pants, and pushed them to the floor. She unzipped the side of her skirt and let that fall to the floor as well. He looked at her questioningly. "I figured I'd even out the playing field a bit," she giggled. She pushed her body against his as she led him away from the wall. He ran his hands down her sides, just to feel her. Allison placed her hands on his face and pulled him in for another kiss. Their tongues circled and heartbeats started to quicken as the intensity increased. She touched his tight stomach as she slid her fingers down to the rim of his boxers. "Well, these have to go..." she told him. She pushed them off him and threw them into the pile they had made on the floor. 

Nathan's cock was so hard that it almost stood straight out. Allison took a moment to look over his body. He was amazing. "Walk over to the bed," she commanded. He did as told. She tilted his head to the side and started to lightly trail kisses down his neck. She crept lower as he softly moaned in compliance. When reaching his stomach, she pushed lightly on his hips for him to sit. He sat at the edge of the bed and spread his legs. Allison grinned, and quickly got on her knees to crawl between them. Nathan pulled her face up to look at him. He leaned in and kissed her as she took hold of his member and started to massage it. 

"I want you," he whispered to her. Now he would have to wait. Allison licked her lips and wrapped them around the head of his cock. Nathan gasped, but she continued. Slowly she circled her tongue around the head, stopping in the little grove to give it some extra attention. Nathan's eyes rolled back as she started taking him in deeper. He brushed his fingers through her hair. He gathered it up and held it with one hand so she could continue to suck on him. Allison straddled her legs a little big and let her fingers run over her clit. Soon she was moaning and he could feel the vibrations around his cock. He groaned as she bobbed up and down faster and faster. 

She let his cock slide out of her mouth. Allison used her hand to continue the motion as she bent down a little to suck on his balls. First, she licked them then lightly sucked them into her mouth. She played with them gently for a few moments longer before returning to his shaft. She twirled her head from side to side, as she took him in again. Soon he could feel himself barrel past her tonsils to the back of her mouth. Allison buried him in deep while flicking her tongue around its base. She could feel his cock straining as the intensity began to build. "You're going to make me cum," he managed to whisper. She sucked harder as she bobbed up and down once more before shoving him back deep. With that motion, she felt his cum hit the back of her throat. He moaned loudly as he held her down on him. 

Allison sucked his cock lightly before letting it slide out of her mouth. Nathan pulled her hair back to look at her. She gave him a little smirk than caught some of his juice on her lip with her finger. He watched intently as she licked it off. For a moment they stayed there just savoring what had happened. Her nipples were fully erect, and he took her breasts into his hands. He massaged them and then gave the tips a little pinch. She gasped. Nathan helped her up off the floor. "You are amazing," he whispered into her ear. Allison could not help but smile. "I think I'm going to return the favor." She snapped her face toward him, almost questioning what she just heard. He pulled her in close and kissed her. Nathan turned the two of them around, and laid her on the bed. 

"I'm going to kiss every inch of you," he told her. He leaned over her and nibbled on her ear. Allison placed her hands on his sides and held on a little as he moved down to her chest. She ran her hands up his back and over his strong shoulders as he took her nipple into his mouth. She moaned and he continued to flick his tongue over it. He moved to the other to even it out. He kissed down her stomach then proceeded to spread her legs apart. He centered himself between them and held one up to him. He kissed the inside of her knee and started to head up her thigh. He placed his hand on her other thigh and continued to lightly drag it up. Nathan could feel her quiver under him as he brought his mouth down to meet her. 

"Ohhhhh!" she moaned loudly. He dipped his tongue between her lips and quickly found her clit. He slowly stroked her up and down, letting his tongue slide over it. Nathan swiftly flicked her spot with his tongue. Allison could not restrain herself. She moaned loudly and ran her hands through his hair. Suddenly he shook his head back and forth creating a new sensation for her. She gripped his hair tightly, dragging him into her. "Yes! Yes! God, please don't stop!" she screamed. Nathan sucked on her clit, and then slowed down his motion. He went back and forth, alternating directions and speeds. He would bring her to the point where she was right about to cum, then slow and start over. "Nathan, please! I need you! I need you so badly!" she begged.

Now he was hard again. Her begging for him drove him crazy. He licked his thumb and used it to play with her clit. "Oh, god!" she screamed. "I'm going to cum... I'm gonna cum..." her voice drifted off. Nathan kept circling his finger around her clit. He used his other hand to position his cock at her opening. Allison was soaked. He teased her for a few seconds, getting himself nice and wet at the same time. Finally, he pushed himself into her quickly, burring himself to the base. He felt her muscles contract around him hard, as Allison climaxed. He held himself inside her for a few moments, feeling her contract and release around him rhythmically. Nathan started slowly pumping in and out of her. "Mmmmm..." she cooed softly. He leaned over and kissed her. 

"Feels good?" he questioned.

"No... it feels amazing!" she responded. "Mind if I take over for a bit?" she smirked. He helped her forward as he started to lean back. Allison mounted him. She sat up straight and started guiding herself up and down. Nathan reached up to play with her breasts. He pinched her nipples softly as her pace started increasing. He let them go to watch them bounce with each of her movements. Allison tilted her head back and bit her lower lip. Nathan ran his hands down her sides and grasped her hips firmly. He pulled down on her, shoving himself inside. She brought herself up and then submerged him inside her again. Allison held herself there for a moment and contracted her muscles around him. Nathan groaned. She placed her hands on his chest as she pumped up and down more vigorously. Her breasts bounced right in front of his face as he could feel her squeezing him. He grabbed her hips once again and rammed himself into her. 

"Yes!" she screamed. Allison leaned over and kissed him. "I love tasting you...," she told him. He looked up at her and smiled. She quickly lifted herself off his rigid member and took it into her mouth. 

"You have no idea how hot it is watching me disappear inside your mouth," he groaned. Allison hummed as she guided him to the back of her throat. She sucked hard as he slipped out from between her lips. "You know what I want to do?" he asked her. She looked up at him inquiringly. He pushed himself up, and dismounted the bed. "Come with me," he instructed. Allison followed him into the bathroom. He started the shower, checking the warmth of the water. Nathan turned to look at her. She grinned. He pushed her up against the tiled walls and started kissing her neck. He shoved his stiff limb against her.

The bathroom started to steam and Nathan stepped into the shower. He held out his hand and Allison quickly followed. He pulled her under the streaming water. With his hands holding her face, he kissed her as the beads of water trickled down their faces. He grabbed her waist and pulled in into his. He turned her away from the water. As it ran down his muscular back, Allison turned around. She looked over her shoulder as she positioned her legs shoulder width apart and bent over. With a finger, he located her opening and placed the tip of his cock in front of it. Before he could grab onto her waist she had pushed herself back onto him. Some water came over his shoulder and splashed against her back. 

"Fuck me, Nathan," she pleaded. "Fuck me hard!" 

He grabbed her waist and started pumping in and out. She screamed in ecstasy as he rammed himself into her over and over again. The water was now running down his entire body as his balls slapped against her. He grabbed her hair and pulled back a little bit. His hand followed down her back and stopped when reaching the arch of the small of her back. 

"Yes!" she moaned. "Don't stop! Please, don't stop!"

Nathan slammed against her harder and harder. Her pussy clamped down around him as he continued to fuck her. Allison planted her hands on the sidewall of the shower and shoved herself back onto him in unison with his thrusts. Nathan groaned. "Fuck me! Yes! Just like that!" she screamed. 

"God, I'm going to cum!" he exclaimed. "You're going to make me cum..." Allison pulled herself off quickly and got on her knees. Nathan stroked himself for the next few seconds until he exploded. She held her tongue out, and while he managed to reach it, the majority fell onto her chest and chin. The water was spraying all over them as he helped her off the floor. She rubbed his cum over her chest and smiled. 

Nathan pulled her in and gave her another kiss. "How about we clean each other up a bit for once?" he joked. They lathered their hands up and explored the rest of each other's body. She ran her hands down his chest and back. He turned and faced the water and she started to massage his shoulders. She moved her fingers in a circular pattern down the sides of his spine, working out knots whenever she felt them. They finished washing and turned off the shower. Nathan stepped out, wrapped a towel around his waist, and motioned for Allison to follow. She did the same, and he opened the towel and wrapped it and his arms around her. She turned to face him and he kissed her. 

"I can tell this is going to be a fun night," she whispered to him. 

"You have no idea," he replied. 

They dried off. Nathan put on a pair of pajama pants while Allison picked out a t-shirt and panties. He picked her up and swung her onto the bed. She landed letting out a little squeak. "You are too cute," he informed her. Nathan jumped onto the bed and curled up next to her. He rested his arm around her and pulled her in tight to meet him. 

"Nap before round two?" she asked him.

"Sounds like a good idea," he responded. He nuzzled up to her and gave the back of her neck a kiss. "I'm going to need you rested if we're going to go all night," he laughed. She took his hand and kissed it. Their eyes shut and soon the pair drifted off.