 This is a 100% true story. It might seem a little far-fetched in places, but I swear to God I'm not making this up. Hope it's good. 

*

It was my 19th birthday and my girlfriend wanted to do something fun for it. The only problem is 19 is a shitty age in America, stuck between 18 and 21, the two huge birthdays. We came home from college for the weekend to celebrate. My name is Matt by the way, and I was nearing the end of my freshman year. I stood about 5'9" and had dark hair, bordering on black, and eyes caught somewhere between gray and blue. I played lead guitar in a band. I also loved cars and snowmobiles. Personality wise, I was rather quiet and reserved, until I got to know someone. I had a very sarcastic wit, which most people found hilarious.

My girlfriend Liv, full name Olivia, was a sophomore and turning 20 in July. Her face was eye-catching, with blondish-brown hair, hazel eyes, and light freckles across her nose. She was a great athlete, and played on the varsity soccer team and ran track, setting records for best times. So needless to say, her body was also banging. Beautiful toned soccer legs, a nice firm ass (my favorite feature of hers), a flat, toned stomach with her bellybutton pierced, and roughly a 34C rack. Her personality was the dead opposite of mine, probably why we were so compatible. She was very friendly and outgoing, and also had a mischievous side to her. But where I really hit the jackpot was with her sex drive, which was nothing short of fucking ferocious. She had to be the horniest girl I'd ever met, and loved pleasuring me. Not that I'm complaining or anything. She also had a very crude vocabulary, worse than me, and sure as hell wasn't scared to use it. We both attended the same college and absolutely loved it. She was my first girlfriend. Our 2 and-a-half year anniversary was coming up in June, so obviously by this point in our relationship, I was deeply in love with her. Now back to the story. 

I groaned and closed my eyes, feeling the orgasm consume me, my cock pumping buckets of semen into the tissue. I came home from college yesterday for the weekend, and was going out shortly to celebrate my birthday with my woman. I was pretty much guaranteed to get lucky tonight, so I had decided to quickly rub one out to make me last longer. I couldn't remember the last time I'd masturbated. Liv usually had no problem doing it for me, so she'd basically became my cum dumpster. It felt weird using my hands for once, but the feeling was great as ever. The only problem was trying not to bust all over my laptop. I had no idea how the fuck I'd explain that to the tech guys at my college! Anyway, I sat up and wiped my dick off. A video on PornHub was playing with the volume very low. Some chick built like a fucking goddess was being wrecked from behind by a very lucky guy, screaming her heart out and playing with herself. I exhaled deeply and pulled my shorts and boxers up and sat back on my bed, feeling my heart rate return to normal and my dick go limp. I watched the rest of the vid until the guy pulled out (all 10 goddamn inches of him) and unloaded all over her face. I closed the Internet and stood up. Suddenly, my phone rang. It was a FaceTime call from Liv (we both have iPhones if you're wondering). I answered, "Hey, baby." 

And quickly jumped in surprise and held the phone away from me as a "HAPPYYYY BIRTHDAYYYYY!!!!!" sounded very loudly from her end. There was a pause and she started singing, "Happy birthday to you, I'm covered in goo, you're hung like a horsey, and you cum like one too." I snorted as she said with a smile and a laugh, "I came up with that. Did you like my lyrics, birthday boy?" 

"Aw Liv, you're so cute! Thank you! So what's up for tonight?"

She wagged a finger playfully. "Uh uh uh, you'll find out later. It's a surprise. Just come over anytime. I'm home alone." Her voice dropped to a whisper and she added, "And so horny for you, babe," and ran her tongue across her lips seductively. She disappeared from the camera frame for a few seconds and appeared holding a banana. She peeled it and proceeded to eat it very slowly, staring into my eyes and running her tongue up and down it several times. 

I snorted and said jokingly, "Liv, you're a fucking freak!" 

Her demeanor changed instantly back to her normal self. "I know," she said with a smile. "Anyway, I'll see you soon. Get your butt over here. Now. Don't make me call back. Bye, boyfriend. I fucking love you." She made a heart shape with her hands and blew me a kiss before breaking the connection. 

I smiled to myself. She really was something else. I grabbed my keys and drove over to her house on the other side of town. I love my car, a silver '03 Saab 9-3, a 5 speed manual and a snarling turbocharged beast, almost as much as I love Liv. I got her from my grandparents when I was 16. They wanted to save gas money so they gave me the Saab (which I nicknamed Sally) and kept their other car, a Hyundai. 

Anyway, I turned into Liv's driveway and parked. I rang the doorbell and waited a few seconds. The door opened and before I knew what the hell was happening, my mouth was being raped by Liv's. She pulled me inside and closed the door, never breaking our kiss, and pushed me against the wall, sticking her tongue in my mouth and throwing her arms around me. Holding me so tightly, I could feel my ribs cracking. She finally pulled away, after about literally 30 seconds of this, with a very wet smack and said, "Happy birthday!" She was wearing short shorts and a tank top, and looked very sexy. 

"Thanks Liv," I said with a smile. "So what's the plan?" 

She smiled. "I was thinking of going out for dinner and maybe going clubbing, then coming back here for cake and ice cream." She paused and added with a wink, "And of course, some quality one-on-one time. Sound ok?"

I smiled. "Sounds great. Let's go."

I drove. Liv loved my car, but couldn't drive a stick shift. Regardless, she loved how it looked and how it performed. There's something so fun about dropping it into 2nd gear and gunning it past people, feeling the turbo kick in and push us back in our seats. Dinner was good. We went to a local restaurant. I got my all-time favorite meal, a bacon cheeseburger. Liv got steak. 

Next up was a local under-21 nightclub. I had never gone to one before, but Liv had and told me I'd love it. The only problem was I couldn't dance to save my life. Yes, I can play guitar but I have no sense of rhythm when it comes to dancing. I have my dad to thank for that. Liv just laughed and kissed my cheek when I told her the problem and said, "No problem. I'll do most of the work." 

I turned into the parking lot and parked. It was really busy! I could hear music blasting already, and we weren't even inside yet. The bouncer checked our IDs and let us in. 

There were people everywhere. Music was blasting. There were strobe lights flashing. Liv grabbed my hand and led me over to the bar and bought us drinks (not alcohol, this was an underage establishment). I drank mine quickly, looking around and checking out the people. There were a lot of smoking hot girls right around my age, so it gave me something to stare at. 

Until Liv noticed and yelled into my ear, "Don't get any ideas!" with a smile.

I smiled sheepishly and finished my drink. She drained hers and said "Wanna dance?" 

This was what I was dreading. It's weird how I have no problem playing with my band to hundreds of people yet I'm scared to get up and dance with my girlfriend. "Uhhhhm, I don't know. Remember what I said? I hate dancing. I'll make a fool of myself. I'm gonna look like a-"

Liv cut me off by leaning in and kissing me hard. She finally broke it off with a smile. "Matt. Shut up. Ok? Do you trust me?"

I shrugged. "More or less." 

"Then let's goooooo!" she grabbed my hand and led me out to the dance floor. The DJ was playing a wide range of songs, from rap to metal. There were dozens of people dancing, so it was pretty crowded, but the atmosphere of the club was great. 

Liv started grinding me as hip-hop song I didn't know started playing. I've said in other stories that she has a fabulous ass, and let me tell you, when she's grinding it into your cock, it's even better. She was definitely right about doing the majority of the work. All I had to do was hold her waist and try not to pop a boner. I failed. 

She noticed before long and looked at me out of the corner of her eye with a smirk. Then, as if it wasn't erotic enough, she started grinding even harder, really pressing up against me. I pretty much would've been penetrating her if our shorts weren't in the way. She kept it up (both the grinding and my dick lol. Pun absolutely intended) for the next 3 songs. They were all songs I knew. The first was called "Party Like a Rock Star" by Shop Boyz, a combo of rap and rock. The next 2 were both Three Days Grace songs, one of my favorite bands. The songs were called "Animal I Have Become," probably their signature tune, with a great bass line, and "Riot," one of my personal favorites. The strobe lights really went crazy during this one. 

I was glad I didn't have to actually dance. Liv was doing all the work. She eventually stopped grinding me, sweating heavily and breathing hard. It must've been a hell of a workout! She grinned at me and led me off the dance floor, and we both got drinks again. She drained hers and wiped the sweat off her face. "See? I told you I would do all the work!" 

"Liv, I would happily dance with you if you continue to do that. That was really hot. You've got a great ass babe!" 

That would probably have earned me a slap across the face from any other girl, but Liv knew me well, and knew damn well what I thought of her rear end. "Thanks Matt! It's all yours tonight." She winked and got another drink. 

We hung out by the bar for a while. I was having fun, especially having Liv grind me. Then disaster struck. A slow song came on. It was "Time of Your Life" by Green Day, my all-time favorite band. Liv heard it and exclaimed, "Aww, I love this song!" and stood up. She turned to me with a smirk. "Guess what you're about to do." 

"What?" I replied. 

Her smirk only got bigger as she grabbed my arms and started dragging me onto the dance floor.

I finally got what she was getting at. "Oh, hell no!" I exclaimed loudly, resisting her, making several guys look over and laugh upon seeing us. 

I finally yielded to her. I had no idea how to slow dance, nor did I want to, so Liv instructed me. It wasn't as hard as I thought, and it was surprisingly romantic. There were dozens of couples doing the same thing as us. It was nice swaying to the song and gazing at her attractive face. As the song ended, she said, "Happy birthday again," and leaned in and kissed me softly. She pulled away with a smack after about 5 seconds and gave me that beautiful smile of hers. The smile that made me fall for her in high school. 

We left about 30 minutes later. A song called "Bones" by a fairly new unknown band called Young Guns was playing as we walked outside to my car. The drive to Liv's house was quiet. I think she was prepping for what would happen at her house. If I'd known what was about to go down, I'd have insisted we skip clubbing and stay home. 

I turned into her driveway and parked, and we went inside. Thankfully, her parents were out with some friends, probably drinking. I sat down at her table while she got my cake out of the fridge and cut it up. It looked amazing, double chocolate with chocolate chips in the frosting, my favorite cake on the planet. Add vanilla and chocolate ice cream, and I was practically orgasming over it.

Liv dimmed the lights and lit candles, and we dug in. The candlelight made it very romantic. She finally asked, "So, birthday boy, how'd you like clubbing?"

"It was great! Except for the dancing of course," I smiled. 

"Oh come on, it wasn't that bad!" she smiled too. 

"The slow dancing was. I looked like an idiot. I had no idea what the hell I was doing!"

"You actually weren't that bad. You kept the rhythm fine. We should do it again sometime!"

I choked on my mouthful of cake. "Aw hell no! Once was enough, Liv!"

We finished a good chunk of the cake, and went through a lot of ice cream too, talking and laughing. 

We were just cleaning up when Liv eventually said, "Was the cake any good?" 

I snorted. "You know the answer to that." 

"Good to know. I'll make it again soon." 

I looked at her in disbelief. "You made that? From scratch?"

She nodded with a smile. "That's a present in itself!"

"That must've taken you hours! Why go to all that trouble?" 

She got up and came over to me. I stood up and she hugged me. She finally looked at me and replied, "Isn't it obvious? Because I love you, Matt. I wanted my man to have a great birthday. I'm also trying to top what you did on mine last year," she laughed. We spent the weekend of her birthday last July at a hotel fucking like wild animals. Which I wrote about by the way, it's called Birthday Fun.

"Well, thank you. It's been a great birthday," I smiled.

She returned the smile. There was silence. She was gradually leaning in, her eyes darting from mine to my lips. She finally pressed her lips to mine, and gently kissed me. I kissed back, and before too long it was getting heated. She moaned loudly and pulled me closer, shoving her tongue in my mouth. I responded by pushing the plates and napkins aside and gently laying her down on the table. She reached up and pulled me down on top of her, and the make-out session resumed, just as intense as before. I was praying the table wouldn't collapse.

I finally pulled away with a smack and stood up. Before Liv could say anything, I picked her up, holding her by that gorgeous butt of hers, and carried her into her living room and set her down on the couch, kissing her furiously the whole way. 

We must've lay on her couch for a solid 10 minutes, lip locked and groping each other, her on top this time. I was so hard by this point, I thought my cock would rip a hole through my shorts. 

Liv suddenly pulled away and got off me, sitting up. "I'm gonna grab a beer. Want one?" 

"Sure. Thanks." I sat there alone for a minute until she came back, holding two glasses full of Sam Adams, my favorite beer. She handed me mine and sat down, kissing my cheek. I drained it and sat back with an arm around Liv. 

About 10 minutes later, I started to feel weird. My vision grew hazy and I was sweating heavily. What the hell? I thought. What's wrong with me? I looked down at my hands, which were all blurry. I stood up shakily. It's the beer. It must be the beer, I thought.

Liv noticed and sat up quickly. "Matt, are you alright?" I turned to look at her, and couldn't see her, my vision was so blurry. I tried to respond but found I couldn't. Liv was getting nervous now. "Matt, if this is a joke, stop it. It's not funny. You're scaring me!" The last thing I remember before passing out is her helping me into her room and onto her bed. 

I regained consciousness several hours later with an intense headache. I had no idea where I was. It was pitch black. Then it all came back to me, the club, my cake, passing out on Liv's bed. It didn't make sense. I'd drank beer dozens of times before, and I'd never passed out before. So why now? I tried to sit up, but found I couldn't. My hands and feet were tied. I noticed I was only wearing my boxers; all my other clothes were lying folded on a chair. "What the fuck?" I said, shaking my arms, trying to free them. In the process, I hit my arm on something. Cursing, I noticed my arms and legs weren't just bound, but tied to the headboard of a bed. Where the hell am I? I thought, looking around. My eyes were straining, but I thought I could just make out a picture on a dresser about 10 feet away. It looked an awful lot like me. It finally clicked. I was in Liv's room! But how the fuck did I wind up like this? 

I was shaken out of my thoughts by the door opening. "Oh, HELL no!" I exclaimed. I tensed up, expecting to see one of Liv's parents. How the hell would I explain this? 

But to my surprise, and relief, my girlfriend came in, holding candles. And holy shit, she looked sexy! She had obviously changed out of her clothes. She was wearing stockings and high heels with a skimpy, barely-there black bra. Her bellybutton piercing was glinting in the candlelight. To top it off, she was holding a whip and chains, as well as an entire bag of kinky objects.

I pretty much climaxed just looking at her. "Liv?!" I exclaimed in disbelief. 

"Oh good, you're up," she replied, completely casually, like this was a normal situation. Like she wasn't dressed like a pornstar and I wasn't lying on her bed, tied up and at her mercy. "I was starting to think I'd poisoned you." 

"What?" I replied, trying to sit up. 

She smiled. "I spiked your beer," then seeing the look on my face, she added quickly, "But only enough to knock you out for an hour or two." She paused and sat down at the edge of the bed. "I'm sorry for doing that. It was the only way I could think of to get you like this." 

I snorted. "Liv, if you wanted my cock, all you had to do was ask." 

She smiled mischievously. "Oh believe me, I do. But not yet. I'm gonna make you beg for it, baby. You'll be on your knees, pleading for release. After I'm done on my knees, of course." She winked and got up, still holding the whip and other kinky items. She bent over me, being careful to make sure her rack was right in my face, and whispered, "I wasn't sure what to get you for your birthday. So I decided to give you my body. I figured you would want some pussy on your special day. Am I right, baby?" 

I didn't reply. I was too busy trying to lick her tits through her bra, but she'd been careful to keep them just out of my tongue's reach. Fuck! 

She noticed and recoiled. "Whoa! Slow down there, birthday boy! I said I was gonna make you work for it." She leaned in again, flaunting her boobs, "You want these-" she stuck them in my face again and pulled away before I could react, "-or this," she turned away and bent over, giving me a view of her perfect ass, "-you've gotta earn it." She smiled sadistically and leaned in and kissed me, with just a hint of tongue, just enough to drive me crazy with lust, before pulling away. She reached in the bag and came out with a massive smirk on her face, holding duct tape.

I instantly knew what was coming and tried to shrink away. "Fuck no! Liv, please! These bindings are bad enough!"

She smiled in response and proceeded to tape my mouth closed, despite my resistance. She went over to her iPod speakers and pressed play, and the song "She Will" by Lil Wayne came on. She proceeded to give me a very erotic lap dance, rubbing various body parts all over me and sticking them in my face. 

I said something unintelligible through the duct tape as the song ended. She laughed and said, "What was that, baby? You'll have to speak up. I can't hear you through that duct tape." She came over and peeled it off with a smile. 

I groaned in frustration and said, "This no touching thing is killing me!" 

Liv's next kinky idea involved whipped cream. She left the duct tape off this time, and kissed a path from my mouth down to my dick. I was as hard as a fucking rock by this point. Slowly, painfully slowly, she grabbed my boxers with her teeth and pulled them down around my knees. I groaned in frustration and closed my eyes. I was lucky I had jacked off earlier today, otherwise I'd have lasted about 5 seconds! 

I opened them again to the sight of her squirting whipped cream down the same path she had just kissed down my body. She started licking it off sensually. From my neck down, of course, instead of from my dick up, like she knew damn well that I wanted. I groaned and said, "Shit. Couldn't you start from the other end?"
