 When I was 25 years old I had to have my tubes tied for medical reasons. I remember thinking at the time that I was too young to not be able to have children. Life went on (as it tends to do) and soon I was celebrating my 30th birthday. I was happy with my current life, I had a husband of 2 years and he had a 5-year-old son from a previous marriage. We lived in a big house in a "good" neighborhood and I drove a mini-van. Like I said, life was good. 

I lived a safe existence, never wandering from the path I had chosen (or did it choose me?), living out my dream…or so I believed. 

I awoke on a Monday, feeling my normal self, doing my normal routine when something happened to change that routine. I left the house at 7:15 to drop James (my husband Howard's son) off at school. I pulled out of the driveway of Jefferson Elementary School and headed to the supermarket to do some shopping.

I walked around the market, picking out the ingredients for spaghetti and paying for them with a "Hi, how are ya?" to the clerks and kids that bag your groceries. I was heading back to my car when a complete stranger ran his empty shopping cart into my car. Granted, I don't think it was on purpose but I was still pissed off!

"What the hell was that?" I shouted before I could stop myself.

He ran over, apologizing as he closed the distance. The first thing I noticed was his hair, shoulder length blonde hair that spilled over half of his face. The eye that showed from the uncovered portion of his face was a deep blue; so blue it looked black. I must have had my mouth open because my throat was suddenly very dry and I couldn't speak.

"I'm really sorry about that! I hope there isn't any body damage, I'll pay for it, it was totally my fault!" He rambled as he fished his driver's license and insurance card out of his wallet.

I just stared at him with a stupid expression, nodding my head like I was agreeing with him.

"My name's Jackson." He said as he extended his empty hand to me.

I shook his hand and felt like someone zapped with a few thousand volts of electricity. Okay, maybe that's an exaggeration; but it was like being hit by lightening and still standing afterwards. I was dumbfounded as I stared blankly into his eye. At that moment he tossed his head back and flung his long hair over his shoulder revealing his entire face. I think I gasped because the man standing before me with his warm hand in mine was the most gorgeous man I had ever laid eyes on. For those women that like a sexy blonde with a six-pack (his abs not a six pack of beer!), long hair, intense blue eyes and a perfect smile…this is your kind of guy. 

"Umm, thanks Mr. Jackson. I'm Raquel." I stammered.

"Sorry again, Raquel, it's a pleasure to meet you. Oh and that would be Mr. Van Kleef, Jackson is my first name." He smiled and my knees actually buckled, it was amazing.

I did my stupid head nod/smile and kept shaking his hand. I realized at that moment I was slumped against my car and gazing at Jackson with a silly grin and his hand gripped firmly in mine. He looked at our hands then smiled back up at me and I sighed…I actually sighed! What was wrong with me?!

I straightened up and pulled my hand away from his as if it was suddenly too hot to grasp. I stopped smiling and began looking at the cart that was still pressed against my passenger door. It looked like a smudge of rubber or something black was smeared in a tiny dent. He lowered his head next to mine and looked at the small ding in my door.

"I'm really sorry about that! Some idiot pushed their cart at my car, when I pushed it away I sent it right into yours. I'll pay for whatever it costs to fix that!" he seemed so nice and honest…both rare qualities in most people I meet.

He gave me his insurance information and found a body shop that could look at the car the next morning. He insisted he meet me there…to make sure the employees didn't "take advantage of the fact that you're a woman", his words, not mine. I did have to agree with him, I'd had my share of experiences with mechanics but I was also using it as excuse to see him again.

I met him the next morning at the auto body shop; the man came out, looked at the car and said he could have it repaired and painted in two days.

"Two days? I can't be without my car for two days!" I said to the little man with the greasy rag in his greasy hands.

Jackson stepped in, letting me know his insurance would take care of the car rental and the repairs. What can I say, I didn't know the guy, but I left with him as we drove the short distance to the nearest car rental agency. 

In the ride over we talked for a few minutes about ourselves. I told him I was married, had a stepson blah blah blah. He told me he was divorced, no children and ran his own computer business. His voice was masculine, I don't know how else to describe it. Hearing him speak was like someone rubbing fur all over my naked skin, it sent goose bumps shivering up and down my body and my nipples stood out without him so much as touching me. It was like nothing I had ever experienced and I was enthralled.

He arranged for me to get a great car for the two days my car was being repaired and we walked out to the parking lot. His hand grazed mine as we approached my rental car. I stopped and looked into his eyes and felt my insides melt under his gaze.

"Would you like to get something to eat? It's not too late for breakfast, my treat?" He said with a smile I couldn't resist.

"That sounds great, do you know anyplace around here?"

"Not really, I don't live here, I'll defer to your local expertise." He grinned at me and my knees gave out. I felt like a freshman talking to the quarterback of the Varsity team, corny but true.

"Well, it depends on what you want to eat." I had to look away from him because his gaze was making me moist in places reserved for my husband.

"Something more sophisticated than Denny's." I could hear the grin in his voice.

I gathered my courage (and reined in my libido) and looked up at him.

"Well in that case, there's an IHOP around the corner." I smiled back at him.

"Now you're teasing me, how I about we head downtown and I'll pick the place."

Downtown? That was a good 40-mile drive; I had to be home by 3:00 to pick up James. I mentioned that to Jackson and he assured me I'd be home well before my curfew. 

I followed him in my rental car till we came to one of those "carpool" lots. I called Howard and let him know I was stopping for breakfast (even though it was nearly noon) and I had some shopping to do, I may not be home in time to pick up James. I wasn't sure why I said the last part when I knew I'd be home in time; maybe it was just wishful thinking? Maybe I didn't rein in my libido as well as I thought I had. I walked over to Jackson's car after hanging up with Howard (he was arranging for James' mom to pick him up), I felt bad about lying to Howard about this but again, I wasn't really thinking clearly.

Jackson drove us to a beautiful café in the heart of downtown. The place was crammed with people, being that it was lunch hour but he managed to get us a great table. We ordered our food and started talking, the food came, and we ate and talked some more. By the time we left the café it was after 4:00 and I didn't care what time it was. I hadn't been downtown in so long, it was great to see the familiar shops and the new ones. We walked around until we came to the homemade ice cream shop.

We walked inside and ordered a scoop each then headed for a table. We sat down and talked while we ate our cold dessert, talking and laughing the whole time. We spent another 2 and a half hours talking and it was the most fun I'd had in a long time. He was a year older than me; he'd lived in all these exotic places while he went to college at Oxford. He was so intelligent, not just a pretty face and body, there was more to him than looks.

When dessert was finished we walked back to his car. I climbed in and put on my seatbelt while he started the engine. We sat in silence for several minutes before I heard him move in his seat. I looked over at him and my breath caught in my throat. He was so handsome; the sun was setting (it was already after 7:00) and the inside of his car was glowing in amber light. His eyes were so clear and shiny, there were the depths of the sea and I was drowning in them. I remember him leaning towards me; I closed my eyes just before his soft lips pressed gently to mine. I sighed as he slipped his arms around my shoulders and pulled me against his chest.

We kissed softly (just lips, no tongue) while the sun set and the street grew dark and the streetlights began to blink on. We kissed until we were both out of breath and the windows of his car were fogged and sweating from our body heat. He turned on the a/c and the windows began to drip. We laughed and rolled down the windows as he pulled out of the parking spot. 

"It's pretty late, I'm sorry to have kept you out so late. Do you need to call your husband?" He sounded stricken as he said 'husband'.

"I already did, I told him I'd be out late." I reached over and put my hand on his thigh. He reached down and placed his hand over mine. I felt the same electricity I felt the moment we first shook hands and again during the kiss, I couldn't seem to resist the urges I was feeling.

"Would you like to have a drink with me?" He asked.

"Sure, I'd love to!" I squeezed his thigh and he gently squeezed my hand in his. 

We drove a short ways from the heart of the downtown area till we came to a quiet neighborhood that seemed out of place so close to the bustling of downtown. I looked around confused but not all together surprised, I had hoped he'd bring me here.

"I hope you don't mind, my place is much quieter compared to a noisy bar." He glanced over at me and grinned sheepishly.

"This is fine." That was all I could say, my throat was suddenly tight and I had to force my self to swallow.

We walked up the slight incline to his front door and he let me in. His home was tastefully decorated in mute colors but there were beautiful pieces of art all around. His walls had paintings and tables had sculptures, it was eye catching.

He gave me the grand tour of his house before we settled into his living room with a brandy. I had my feet curled up under me as I sat across from him on the sofa. We talked and pretty soon he was next to me caressing my calf. He rubbed his hand up and down my leg while we talked. I leaned into him and rubbed his upper thigh while I laid my head on his shoulder. 

We stopped talking and just sat that way for several minutes. My heart was thudding so hard in my chest I thought it was going to burst out of my ribcage. I swallowed hard and looked up into his eyes. He was staring down at me with those hypnotic blue eyes and I was lost to all reason. In that moment I realized what I was doing and pulled back from him before we kissed.

"I shouldn't be here, I'm sorry Jackson, I need to go home before I do something I regret!"

I stood up and went to the front door to slip on my shoes. He caught me by the arm and pulled me to him. I didn't protest, I wanted him to chase me, I wanted him to kiss me and I wanted more, I wanted him to fuck me. When I stood to leave I thought I could do it but feeling him so close I knew I couldn't. I had to stay; I wanted to stay more than anything.

I grabbed my purse and ran for his bathroom. I pulled my cell phone out of my purse and dialed my house phone. Howard answered on the third ring.

"Hey honey, where are you? You missed dinner!" He yawned into the phone. Shit! It was almost 9:00.

"Sorry, I got caught up in my shopping. I came downtown, there's a great antique shop I wanted to see. I'll be home in a couple of hours; I'm going to stop at Irene's since she's a few minutes away. Don't wait up!"

Irene was my sister, Howard and Irene did NOT get along, I knew he'd never call her in a million years.

"Okay, be careful! Say hi to the wicked bitch of the west for me!" He laughed and made a kissy sound before hanging up.

I left my purse in the bathroom and walked out to meet Jackson in the living room. He stood as I walked in. I slowly undid my blouse and began to slide it over my shoulders as I stopped in front of him. He put his hand out to stop me.

"What are you doing? I thought you needed to leave? Is everything okay?" He asked all three questions is rapid succession and I had to suppress a smile, I didn't want him to think I was laughing at him. I was enjoying that he was as nervous as I was.

"I did want to leave but now I know I want to stay, if you want me here." I looked up at him and he smiled.

"Of course I want you here!"

He took me by the hand and led me upstairs to his bedroom. I couldn't believe that I was going to have sex with a man I didn't know. It was so unlike me, I expected the real me to pop up and say 'get the hell out of here!' but that me never showed up.

We watched each other as we undressed; naked he walked to me and wrapped his arms around my waist. He began kissing my neck and working his way up to my ears. I had never had my earlobes touched during foreplay; the sensation was nothing less than spectacular. He seemed to know the exact places to touch and kiss because my body was responding to him in ways I never had before. 

His body was even more sensational without clothes on. He was all lean muscle, no fat on him anywhere that I could see…believe me I was looking (not for fat). His skin was the color of a great tan but he had the same color all over, no tan lines. Either he tanned nude or this was his natural color. Either way I didn't care, just feeling his beautiful body pressed to mine, feeling his arousal pressed firmly against my belly…all of that was enough to shatter any further misgivings I had about cheating on my husband.

I stood on tiptoe and we kissed, this time he slid his tongue into my mouth and I responded by parting my lips and welcoming his tongue with my own thrusting tongue. We rolled our tongues around the others mouths; tasting every spot we could, moaning in response to each other's touch.

We managed to make it to his bed, we stood at the side of his bed and he gently pushed me down. I sat and his hard on bounced in front of my face. I reached out with both hands and grabbed him. He size was beyond impressive, it looked downright scary but I went this far, I was willing to go all the way.

Before I could wrap my mouth around him he pulled away suddenly. I looked at him and must have looked confused because he dropped to his knees and began apologizing.

"I'm sorry Raquel, I just wanted to get a couple of things straight before we…you know…" He smiled shyly.

"What?" I said impatiently, I was so aroused I wanted to get back to foreplay.

"Well, shouldn't we know about any…ummm…" he stammered and just looked at me.

"Know about what?" I asked as I reached out and caressed his face.

"Ummm…you know…well…I'm not used to this. I have never had sex with a person I've known for less than 24 hours. Shouldn't we be careful? I don't have any condoms; I haven't slept with a woman since my divorce."

I thought about it and smiled down at him. 

"I don't do this sort of thing either; I've been with Howard for over 4 years and I only had two lovers in college. I'm not birth control because I can't have kids." I said it matter of factly and it seemed to startle him. "Before you say anything, I'm okay with it. I've had a while to get used to the idea but in the mean time…" I gazed down at his still firm cock.

"Do you feel safe doing this without condoms? I'm clean, I know that…you can't get pregnant and you've been with one partner for a long time…sounds safe enough to me!" He said before he stood up again.

"Works for me!" I said as I reached out and grabbed him with both hands. I leaned forward and ran my tongue up and down the slit in his cock. I tasted pre-cum and engulfed his head in my mouth in one swift movement. He groaned loudly as I slid him in and out of my mouth while running my tongue up and down his shaft. He pumped his hips slowly as I took his entire length down my throat. He cried out as I swallowed, causing my throat to constrict tightly around his prick. I tasted more pre-cum and it was wonderful, warm and sweet and it dripped down the back of my throat. I slowly pulled him out of my mouth and smiled up at him.

"That was amazing! I really should return the favor!" 

He pushed me onto my back and lifted my legs onto his shoulders. I looked down and watched him bury his face between my legs. I felt his tongue swirling around my swollen lips and clit, sucking gently at my slick folds and rubbing his tongue across my clit. He slurped up the hot juices that began flowing out of me, moaning into my pussy as he drank from me. I laid my head back and closed my eyes while he continued to lick and suck on my swollen pussy.

He was tugging lightly on my lips, nibbling with his teeth and flicking them with his tongue. He was the most talented man I had ever experienced, the things he was doing with his mouth were sinful and it pushed me over the edge hard. I felt as if someone had dropped a Mac truck on me. My body jerked and convulsed as he sucked on my pussy and shoved his tongue inside my warm hole. My legs clamped down on his head and my hips bucked as I came in his mouth.

I felt the gushes of liquid shooting out of me in huge waves and he drank every drop, growling and moving his head back and forth rapidly, enjoying my orgasm with me. When my climax finally subsided I opened my eyes and looked down at him, he smiled up at me, his face glistening with my cum.

"You have the sweetest pussy I've ever tasted!" He dove in again, this time he brought me to orgasm even faster than the first time. I came hard, bucking violently on his warm mouth while he rode out my orgasm. When it was over my legs felt like noodles and they slipped off his shoulders.

He stood and I saw his rock hard cock jutting straight up, it was almost touching his belly. I was again impressed with his massive size and smiled at him as he climbed between my legs. He grabbed my ankles and spread my legs wide. I looked down and watched as his swollen head pressed between my slick lips.

"Ready?" He smiled down at me.

I nodded my head and he drove into me quickly. There was no easing gently inside me, he slammed into me full force and fucked me like that for a solid hour before he finally decided to change positions. I had lost count of my orgasms, I think it was somewhere around 15 or 16 that I gave up trying to remember them. His cock was long and thick and it stretched me wider than I'd ever been stretched…and it felt amazing! I came like crazy woman, I screamed and moaned and made noises I never knew were in me. It was the most amazing sex I had ever experienced…and he was just getting started!

As another orgasm rocked my body, he looked down at me and kissed me. Our body sweat made it slippery and our chests rubbed sensuously against each other. My hard nipples were incredibly sensitive, so naturally he had to suck them. His mouth was hot as he sucked and bit each nipple till I was bucking my hips and cumming again.

Just as my climax ended he stood up and waited for me at the foot of the bed. He looked so incredibly sexy standing there with sweat dripping down his muscular body and his amazing cock coated with my cum. He motioned with his finger for me to come to him. I crawled to the foot of the bed and he motioned for me to turn around. I slowly turned till I had my back to him. I wiggled my ass high in the air and he grabbed my hips with both hands.

He pulled me back till I was impaled on his huge prick. I expected him to fuck me hard again but this time he took his time. He entered me slowly grinding into me as his full length pushed deeper inside me. Once he was buried as far as he could go he started to fuck me with short hard strokes. His skin slapped against mine and his balls bounced off my clit with each powerful thrust. I had never been fucked from behind and I came…and came…and came. I had one continuous orgasm for what seemed like an eternity. It was more like 30 minutes before I couldn't take anymore and finally collapsed on my belly.
