 Rat dragged the razor lightly over the inflated V at the apex of her open thighs. She was already hairless as a grape skin, and he was only pushing the droplets of water across her skin, playing with his own fascination. Her complexion made him think of butter melting. It was deep and creamy and almost had a synthetic quality, except for her being as human a thing as he'd ever known in this life.

"I'm gonna miss you. Bad." He was so intent it came off like he was talking to her pussy. He dropped the razor and picked up the shower nozzle dangling down in the tub. Angling the nozzle between her legs, he sprayed her thighs and mound, rinsing away whatever was left of the cream he'd used on her.

"You don't have to. If you'd just quit being an asshole everything'd be fine."

He was sitting cross legged in the old, clawfoot tub. She was perched on the edge, feet planted at his sides. He yanked the plug and picked up the lotion bottle warming in the water. He splatted a few dollops in his palm. It was thin, almost watery now from sitting in the warm water. He started smearing the drippy lotion along her thighs and across her pussy.

The only hint of a tan line on her body he ever saw was when she opened her legs wider than she did out in the sun. He could see it now, like the fine shred of a secret. 

"Nothing is ever fine. The whole fucking planet is a stupid failure. Except..." He leaned in close enough to inhale a bodyful of the scent rising off her pussy. Faint tendrils of her natural perfume filtered through the aroma of the lotion. The blood expanded in his veins. "Except your pussy," he sighed, running his slick fingers over her mound and lips. "Jeezus...if there were ever the perfect convergence of texture and contour...accidental sculpture...like the kind of accident constellations are made of."

He traced the shape of her slit with his fingers. Up. Down. Across. He opened his mouth and let a hot rush of breath wash over her fresh mound.

"You're just an obsessed maniac," she said.

He peeled her lips open with his fingers and slowly dragged the flat of his tongue up her open maw. Then he planted a hard, wet kiss over her lips.

"Probably. But as obsessions go... Maybe I'm like one of those crazy, reclusive millionaires with a huge greenhouse full of rare orchids or something."

"I don't think so, but if you lick me like that again I might be easier to convince."

So he did, only this time, as his tongue slid upward over her slit he let the tip drag into the mouth of her sheath. She flushed harder and left cream on the tip of his tongue. He briefly sucked the bud of her clit and looked up. Her breasts had a heavy, inflated look from his angle beneath, and her nipples were standing out hard.

He looked back at her pussy. There, in the hollow of her carriage joint just beside the distended puff of her sex was her one imperfection: a birth mark like a wine stain. It was about the size of a half dollar coin. It was the reason she'd earned the name.

Why do they call you Stain, he'd asked her once.

Cuz of the birthmark, she said.

Who the fuck ever started calling you Stain?

My brother, she'd said.

How did your brother know...?

She'd turned her head away and he left it at that. It wasn't her fault. She was just...that kind of accident. The intricate lines of her face. The offhand river of sensuous addiction oozing from every pore.

It was just what she had the bad luck to be. A complete object of irrational desire.

Pure chemical.

Rat leaned in and licked the wine stain. He could've sworn he could taste the remains of whatever had left it there. He closed his eyes and pressed his face against her pussy.

"God I'm gonna miss you, Stain."

Her fingers laced into his dark, wet hair. His body was still wet as hers. Like they were both covered in tears.

"Don't do this," she said. "It's good with us. I mean...it's like us makes sense or something."

"Please. Don't make it harder than it already is."

Rat clamped his hands over her upper thighs and dug his thumbs into the meat at the base of her ass, kneading and spreading her at the same time. He opened his mouth and covered her pussy, pressing the broad side of his tongue against her slit. At first, he just moved his tongue against the slick pliancy of her lips in subtle undulations. The undulations gradually transformed into swiping laps up along her slit, dragging over the knotted clit at the apex.

"If you're only going to banish me in the morning, why shouldn't I just cut you off now?" she said, but her voice was already growing husky.

Rat backed away from her pussy and stood up. There was a fluid quality to the solid contours of his body, while his cock stood out hard, thick and imposing. In her sitting position, Stain's face was almost level with the strutting swagger of Rat's vibrant stalk.

"Because you're like me," he told her, touching the side of her face. "We're wired the same. Fuck first. Ask questions later."

She was ignoring his face, keeping her eye trained on his cock. He gripped a handful of wet, blonde hair and pulled her forward. She instantly opened her mouth, but he avoided her lips, grinding his shaft across her face. Her tongue lashed out as he crushed his hard flesh into her cheek. But her mouth was a luxury he could only resist so long, and when she cupped his balls in one hand, curling the other around the base of his shank, he caved.

Rat's oozing bulb disappeared into the roiling heat of Stain's mouth and he let go of her hair and grabbed the wall with both hands. The motion of her lips, tongue and hand all blurred into one thing.

"How do you always make this feel like you're devouring my fucking soul," he groaned.

She grunted some kind of vague reply, her mouth plugged full of his straining flesh. He pulled back and pushed in. And again. The hand caressing his balls held its position, but her finger reached out and teased his rim.

"Fuck." There was more breath to the sound than word. "Fuck."

Her tongue did something improbable. It felt like there was some kind of feral thing living inside her mouth. His muscles clenched and he groaned again. He drew his shaft back and thrust again into the hot cloudburst of her mouth.

"I wish I could tell you how much I want to love you," he told the wall, unable to resist pushing and pulling.

Stain pushed him away and looked up at him. "But you do. And I love you, as stupid as that is. You know it. I know it. And it's too fucking late to do a motherfucking thing about it."

Rat gripped the sides of her slender neck and urged her up to stand. Her eyes were a complete disaster. Dark jade. Wet. Searing pinpoints of fire into his shameful face.

"You have to go. That's all there is to it. I've already explained this. I don't want to be around when you realize I'm too fucking irresponsible to love a woman as beautiful as you."

"You're just afraid of me. You're a fucking coward."

"Jeezus krist," he muttered, dragging her out of the tub by the hand. He led her toward the bedroom but stopped short of the bed. "I should fucking whip your ass with a belt."

Stain got a smoky look in her eyes and started caressing his cock with both hands.

"Do it."

Rat shook his head.

"Why not?"

"Never pick up a belt in the heat of anger. You've got me too pissed off for that right now."

"Won't stop you from fucking me like a rag doll and tossing me out forever, though, huh?"

"I have a cock," he said. "It's my genetic imperative to desecrate angels."

"Fuck, Rat. 'Da fuck does desecrate even mean?"

"How'd a pretty little thing like you ever pick up a trench mouth like that?" he half snickered.

"Fuck you," she said.

Rat smiled sadly. There was real hurt and confusion in Stain's eyes. He wanted to imagine if he let her look at him the way she was long enough, that it would somehow lift him off the floor and change him into something better. But even as a boy, he had never been given over to the inherent bullshit of fairytales.

Even worse was knowing Stain was made of fifty percent magic. And fifty percent junkyard whelp.

He put his hands on her shoulders and pushed down, sinking with her to the carpet. She let him guide her down to her back and push her thighs open. He sat beside her, tracing one hand in sloping trails over her smooth breasts while he finger massaged her slit with the other. Her lips were swollen and slick with froth. For a moment, he held his fingers to his face and inhaled her. Then he painted her nipples with her own slick and leaned over to suck it back off while it was still fresh.

He sat up and went back to his steady caressing of her breasts and pussy. Then he shifted and pulled her legs up high. She held her position while he trailed his finger over her slit until it was thoroughly soaked in her wetness, then dragging it lower to smear her rim until it was lacquered as heavily as her slit.

"The problem is," he said softly, "you just can't get this feeling with a stranger, and if you don't get out of my life pretty soon...and I mean really soon...I'll end up asking you to marry me...and that would...that would just...just...fuck..."

"Rat?...Rat?...stop..."

But he didn't stop. He couldn't look at her face. He ground his fingers over the hard pebble of her clit as he slid his other finger into her ass. He stroked his finger in a gentle but insistent pump, massaging her from inside, memorizing her body and aching to forget her face.

"Would that be so bad?" she finally said. 

But her voice had that husk still, and it was getting deeper. Rat finger-fucked her ass and thrummed her clit until she was pulling hard for air and squirming over the carpet.

"Don't know," he said. "Could be. Who wants to stick around and find out?"

"Me."

He needed to be deeper inside her than he could go with his finger. He yanked his digit from her ass and hunkered between her thighs, grabbing his shaft and raining wet cock slaps against her pussy before finally pushing his shaft inside the churning hot grip of her sheath.

Everything went dark inside him. The way it always did when his body was inside her body and everything felt like it was melting off the face of the earth.

He grabbed her by the ankles and held her legs high and wide as he shoved his prick forcefully into her core.

They both gasped at the same time, and Rat started thrusting into her with rhythmic lunges. By the time he was pulling as hard for air as she was, he felt her wrenching her ankles away from his grasp, wrapping her thighs around his waist.

She leaned her weight back on her shoulders and ground her hips back into the hard lunges of his cock. She ground and rocked at him, taking over, wrenching his stone hard shank like a plastic toy. There was a determined sneer on her face as she ripped what she needed for herself from the steaming convenience of his flesh. The sneer erased her beauty. Her face became a twisted mask of painful need.

Rat ceased to matter. He ceased to exist except as a bundle of raw nerves ripening toward the blossom of an explosion. His entire frame began to shudder, as if his spirit were clamoring to get out of his body before it went down in the flames ripping through him.

Her peak burned through the creamy slap of their bodies, as if her pleasure were shuddering into to his body and ratcheting the gush from his cock while everything went blank.

After, they got up and lay on top of the bed. Side by side. Holding hands. Each looking at their own patch of the ceiling.

They were a sweaty, froth-spattered mess and needed to get back in the shower.

Maybe later.

"Yes, by the way," Stain broke the silence. Three or four minutes went by. "Long as you can stop being an asshole."

Rat smiled up the ceiling. He could try. No. He could do better than that. If there were going to be moments of sordid grace such as this, he could do anything.