 It was nearly midnight as I walked Celeste out into the parking lot of the building where we worked. It was a scene played out a hundred times over the past few years. This time, though, as we reached her car, we both paused at the same time to stare up at the big harvest moon behind us, lighting the night with an eerie glow. We stood up against the car doors just looking. “Sshhhhh.”, I said. A bat squeaked by, the only noise other than the light autumn breeze. “Just for a moment…”I said, “think of the moon … the night… and the quiet.” Silence. Our thoughts were far away. Should I say what was in my heart or would it ruin everything? After about a minute, I went on. “Just for a moment, listen to the darkness. Just for the moment, consider the unlikely…impossible fact that….I’ve fallen in love with you.” She seemed to turn toward me in slow motion, her face glowing in the rare moonlight. Her eyes looked up to mine and my lips moved to hers.

“Bryan, No,” Celeste protested before we touched. “It’s too soon. You know I still haven’t gotten over Phillip. It…, well, it all seemed so real, so right with him, you know? I….” Her eyes grew distant. I took a deep breath. I didn’t know what I was about to say. I just knew I had to say it.

“Maybe it was,” I offered. “Maybe…. sometimes something really is right, but just for that moment. The problem is that people try to hang on when the moment has passed, instead of being open to what’s right now.”

“But…”she said after a long pause, wiping away a single tear “You’re here …right now.” It may seem like a sudden change of heart, but this time it was her lips that rose to meet mine, sweetly but hesitantly. Spotlighted in the moonglow we became lost in the night, the kiss and each other’s arms. I could have just held her forever at that point, feeling her breathe, feeling her heart beat behind her small breasts, pressed tightly to my chest. She pulled way and I feared the worst until I saw her open the passenger side back door of her red Corolla and usher me in. She joined me on the other side.

“Celeste, I didn’t mean to…, ” I began, shaking my head.

“Hush. I want this. Just now, out there with the moon, it was like …Phillip was a million years ago; I suddenly realized how much I really do care about you. You’ve been there with me through good times and bad. You always seem to know just what to say. You make me laugh; you make me feel special and good. I want you, Bryan.”

I sighed heavily. “Sweetheart, we’re friends. I….I’ve always wanted you but I don’t want to lose that special friendship we have. That’s very important to me.” She was listening but ignoring me as she unbuttoned her top. A small purple brassiere then came off to release the breasts I’d imagined for so long. She smiled but in the bright moonlight I could tell she blushed a bit, also. Her nipples were long and already hard, perhaps from the cool of the evening. Her apple-sized breasts bobbed as she leaned toward me and began unbuttoning my shirt. Without a sound, she held a finger to her lips to hush my worries. She pulled off my long sleeved shirt and we sat there in the back seat of her car awkward and topless, just taking each other in. She ran her hands slowly over my hairy chest. I reached out, almost tremblingly, and took her lovely little girls into my hands. Her eyes closed in sudden delight and I leaned forward to flick my tongue across the hard tip of her left nipple. Her hands ran lightly across my back as I did this, holding me to my task. I sucked it in between my lips and nibbled it briefly with my teeth. Eventually, her right nipple received equal treatment. Reluctantly, I left them, wet and shiny, only to move up to Celeste’s sweet, sweet lips.

“Oh, Bryan!”, she sighed between kisses; “Oh, honey, yes! Touch me. Please touch me.” As my tongue plunged into the depths of her throat for the first time, I placed her left hand on the bulge in my pants and mine on the wetness spreading across hers. I rubbed deep and hard on her crotch through her thin pants while I savored the sugary taste of her mouth. The air inside the car began to smell of our desire.

She lay back across the seat and I lay on top of her still rubbing between her legs. She lifted her behind enough to slide her pants down to her ankles. I pulled aside the wet fabric of her cotton panties and in the yellow light, I could see the prize inside. I got up on my knees long enough to get my pants and shorts down. The size of my erection seemed to stun her at first but then her eyes locked on mine and her hands locked between my legs. She used my throbbing cock like a handle to pull me back down to her. Outside, the moon must have gone behind a cloud because we were suddenly plunged into darkness. We kissed and her lips sucked tightly on my tongue. My cock was rubbing against her vagina when she unexpectedly grabbed it and aimed it directly at her cunt. I was actually surprised when I suddenly slipped inside her all the way up to my balls! She hummed a long “Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!” without letting go of my tongue. I pulled back, slightly withdrawing from her. She pushed her hips up at me, trying to keep me deep inside her. Finally, though, I was able to pull out and dig my shaky hand into my pants to get an aging condom out of my wallet. 

“Nooooo! Baby, I want to feel YOU inside me, not latex! Please?”

“Hold on. Look, the hormones may be raging but we have got to be sensible about this. I am not going to treat you like some cheap one-night stand. I…I really, really love you, Celeste. We’ve got to be careful.”

“You’re right, you’re right, you’re right…dammit! Okay, but hurry up and get that monster of yours back inside me. I have NEVER felt so full!” She sounded like a purring kitten when she said it. I may have been out of practice but I managed to roll it on easily just as the moonlight returned. Her pussy lay wet and glistening before me, her panties still just pulled to one side. She spread her lower lips with wet fingers and smiled a naughty, happy smile. I positioned myself and her wetness eagerly welcomed me back in. 

I began a slow, rhythmic pumping which she matched motion for motion. Her left hand was all over my back, rubbing and lightly scratching. Her right hand was massaging her clit very fast. Her eyes closed in unknown ecstasy. Was she imagining Phillip fucking her? Did it really matter? It was me. Me! At long last, I was making love to Celeste, not just fucking her. I wanted her to know that. “I love you, sweetheart,” I blurted out in one breath.

“Oh, honey! I love you, too. Don’t slow down. Please. I am soooooo…..close.” 

I leaned over and kissed her neck. Then I sucked the flesh of her neck tightly into my mouth, savoring the taste.

“Oh, my God. I’m coming!” she grunted. Her face contorted into a tight mask of pleasure and her hips bucked like she was having a seizure. “Ohhhhhhhhh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Ohhhhhh, YES!!!! Honey! Keep going! Don’t stop!” I reveled in her climax, so happy that I could make her feel so good but now she wanted to return the favor. In spite of the cool autumn night, we were both dripping sweat. I kept plunging in and out of her tight opening as she raised her legs and crossed them behind my back. Her eyes remained closed but she kept up a low moan. “Come on, honey, come for me. Come for me!” With as much energy as she could muster, she bucked her hips back at me, effectively milking my cock with her squeezing vaginal muscles. Her fingers found her nub again and she worked it for all she was worth. My own hands held her ass cheeks as she thrust up at me. It was suddenly all too much. 

I was about to warn Celeste that I was going to shoot my load but I was interrupted by her strained cry “Again! I’m coming again!” She almost growled in wanton abandon. That pushed me over the edge. I seemed to freeze for a second but then shot off into the condom for long seconds, grunting uncontrollably like an animal. I became lightheaded and the car seemed to be spinning. The moonlight made us both seem to glow in the dark. I collapsed on top of her, our eyes speaking volumes that we were too exhausted to say. I smiled at her and thankfully she smiled back. She looked so beautiful in the afterglow and the moonlight. 

“Just a suggestion,”she said.

“For you, anything”

“What do you say next time we get a room, handsome?” 

END