 Foreword: This is a work of fiction. None of the people in this story are real. None of these events ever happened. This story is nothing more than words that came from my imagination. Any similarity to any real people, places, or events is purely coincidental. 

Operators of erotic story web sites, whether free or fee-based, have my permission to post my stories for public reading, provided that credit is given to "Hungry Guy" as the author, and as long as you don't make changes other than fixing typos. Even beware of fixing typos, for I occasionally use local slang and dialects that may be flagged by your spell checker. Thanks.

###

Wayne went to the Rathskellar after classes to relax, have a beer or two, listen to the music, and maybe even read a book. The college bar was a warren of rooms and alcoves furnished in rustic brick and stained wood throughout. 

While the bar was standing room only in the front where the band was blasting away at 110db, in the back there was plenty of room to stretch out and relax. The music was relatively distant and quiet in the rear of the bar. 

Wayne found one of the back rooms relatively empty. It was here one could often observe couples making out in the booths, on cushioned chairs, or even horizontally dry-humping on the padded back-less benches that dotted the floor. Of course, there were always also a few others like him who just came to read or study in a relaxed atmosphere. 

In this particular room, one or two of the tables were quietly occupied and the benches were nearly all vacant. He knew that, a little later, even this haven from the crowd would fill up a little more, but the rear rooms never got so packed that there wasn't a place to sit or even stretch out if one was so inclined.

Wayne set his knapsack on the floor, pulled out _Much Ado About Nothing_ for which a report was due the following week, sat on one of the many vacant padded benches, and lay back. He started to read. 

After about an hour, the bar had begun to fill, and the din had begun to make reading difficult. He placed the book back in his knapsack, and laid back down to close his eyes to immerse himself in the music.

Some time later, hearing some people sit at the he bench adjacent to his he looked up to see. A group of women had taken a seat on the bench adjacent to his, above his head from his perspective. 

One woman in a green skirt, tight blouse, and a little too much makeup, was standing chatting with her friends. She looked down and caught his eye just as he opened his and looked up. Alas, had she been standing just a little closer, he could have seen up her skirt. Figuring it would be polite to relinquish the long bench and move to a chair, he asked, "Would you like to sit here?"

"Thank you," she answered, but before he could sit up, she had lifted her skirt, backed her ass up over his head, and sat on his face. 

He barely had time to gasp when he realized that she wasn't wearing panties or stockings. In that fleeting instant, he saw her hairy cunt and deep dark ass crack come down on his eyes and jaw. She settled her full weight on his face when she sat, and it felt like his skull was being crushed by a padded anvil. He could feel her skirt draped over his neck and surmised that it was draped all around her lap and his head as she sat on his head.

His nose felt like it was impaling her pussy, and her asshole was right over his mouth. As erotically wonderful as it felt, he suddenly realized that he couldn't breathe, plus he was in the middle of a bar full of people. Was this girl nuts? 

He reached up and pushed against her back to push her off, but she said, "What's the matter, don't you like girls?"

"I think he needs to breathe?" one of the others said.

She then slid her ass forward, up his face, while remaining seated. With his mouth so uncovered, he resumed breathing through his mouth and through her ass crack. 

He then decided that if she was so determined to use his face as her chair, why not enjoy it? His cock had become so hard, poking out against his pants, that he had to tug on his belt to let it spring up flat against his belly.

From then on, he didn't know how much time had passed. He guessed that she would probably get off after a few minutes when the joke wore off, but she remained sitting, gabbing with her friends on and on and on. He felt her wiggle and squirm on his face when the discussion about hot guys and hot professors became a bit animated. 

He also noticed something else, her pussy was gradually getting wetter and wetter, and a trickle of pussy juice was slowly dribbling into his nose.

As the hours passed under her ass while he hocked down pussy juice through his nose, waitresses come and served the women beers and chips as their conversation drifted to who got laid when, to tough exams, to crappy cafeteria food, to what happened last night on _The Sopranos,_ and on, and on, and on...

A little later, she slid her ass backward again, pressing her asshole against his mouth clamping his last breath in place. He was about to reach to push her forward again when she said, just loud enough for him to hear, "Why don't you rim me?"

_Wow, this girl's kinky!_ he thought. For a brief moment, the idea of licking someone else's asshole squicked him. Then he recalled all the times he had been pissed off because past girlfriends had refused to take his cock up the ass, so he thought that he should try something that a girl wanted that squicked him rather than be a hypocrite. He stuck his tongue out and touched the tip to her dry leathery sphincter. A moment later, he was swirling his tongue around it, getting it wetter and wetter. He could feel her anus pucker as he drew his tongue right over the hole. He then pressed his tongue against the hole and pushed it in. He could feel her punch his tongue with her sphincter as he fucked her asshole with his tongue, sliding it in and out. 


By then, however, his lungs were screaming for air and he couldn't keep it up any longer. Despite his urge to continue playing her asshole with his mouth, the pain in his lungs drove him to reach up and push against her ass cheeks. 

She slid forward, saying to him, "Not bad. I might have even come if you had kept that up a little longer."

Wayne was suddenly disappointed that he had let her down, for he was hoping, even expecting, to have a chance with her that night. 

The night drove on excitedly boring and he finally caught her name: Lianne. 

Still more time later, he heard them start to talk about leaving. He had no idea what time it was, but he knew that several hours had passed, at least. During the night, Lianne's friends would go off to the ladies room in pairs, and then return complaining how long the line was. He didn't like the sound of it when Lianne mentioned that she also had to go to the ladies room, but would wait until a little later when the line wasn't so long. With her cunt bearing down on his face, he hoped that her bladder wasn't feeling like it was about to burst. 

At least, he hadn't had anything to drink, and so he was relatively comfortable, bladder-wise.

He couldn't believe it, however, when one of her friends said, "You've got a guy's mouth right under your ass. What do you need a bathroom for, girl?"

"Well, I don't know if he's into that sort of thing, you know?" Lianne answered.

Wayne's heart almost skipped a beat when she said, "Well, I do got to go pretty bad." 

Then she stood and smoothed her skirt. Looking down and catching Wayne's eyes again she said, "Thanks for the seat."

Then she and her friends all stood and headed off toward the ladies' room. 

Wayne waited, hoping they'd all come back and take their prior seats. But after about a half-hour, he checked his watch and, seeing that it was almost closing time, decided to give it up and head back to the dorm. 

He briefly thought about waiting for her outside the ladies' room, but quickly decided that he'd just feel like a fool when she told him to get lost. 

So he stopped into the men's room. The odor of her twat on his face was overpowering, and he assumed that people walking past hum must smell it too. Furthermore, the subtle taste of shit in his mouth from rimming her ass was beyond foul. After washing his face several times he headed out of the bar and down the street back to his room.

His cock hadn't gone soft since she first sat on his face all those hours ago, and was feeling a little sore by then. While standing on the corner waiting for the light to turn, he shifted his pants and almost jumped out of them when someone put their hand through his elbow.

His jaw dropped when he turned to see who had joined him. "Hi, uh, Lianne," he blurted out.

"Hi!" she answered. "Leaving without me?"

"Well, I waited, but I wasn't sure if, well, you know, we, um, you and, er, I..." 

"Shhh," she whispered. "Yes, you and I."

"Long line for the ladies' room, huh?" he asked with a big grin that suddenly formed on his face.

"Yeah!" she answered. "Too fucking long! I didn't get to go." 

"You're welcome to come up to my room and use the bathroom. My dorm is just down the block past the library."

"Thank you. But I won't be using your bathroom."

"No?" he asked -- the sound of disappointment creeping into his voice.

"I never use a toilet if there are _alternatives,"_ she said, drawing out "alternatives."

"Like what?" he asked a little confused.

"You want to get laid?" she asked in return.

He almost sputtered and made a fool of himself. He had never had a woman he just met so casually ask him if he wanted to get laid.

"Uh, yeah, er, sure. I mean, uhm, if you do..."

At that, she pressed her knees together, bent over, pressed her hands to her abdomen, and sucked in her breath. A moment later, she let out her breath and straightened up, saying, "Oh I do! But there's something very special you have to do for me first, then you can fuck me any way you want."

"What?" he asked.

"In my cunt, in my mouth, even up my ass," she said. "However you want it."

"Sure, but, uhm, what is it I have to do for you first?" he asked a little nervously.

"You'll see."

He then wondered where her friends went and why they couldn't do her whatever favor she needed. The light turned and they headed across the street toward his dorm.

- END -