 I was working part time at a five and dime. My boss was Mr. McGee. It was near the end of my shift when she walked in and I saw her. Oh, I saw her. She walked in through the "OUT" door. She was about five and half feet tall, weighed maybe a buck forty-five, buck and a half. She was no model, but damn, if there wasn't something in those emerald green eyes and red hair that caught me.

"Daugherty, pack it up. Store's dead and I ain't payin' ya to sit around gawking," McGee said. Immediately my mouth snapped shut, but my eyes lingered.

"Daugherty, did ya hear what I said?"

"Yeah, boss, I guess I'll catch ya Monday."

"If God hates me," he said his voice gruff as usual.

"Love you, too, boss," I said chuckling as I punched out.

"Smartass." I heard as I jumped the counter. "And stay off my counter!" I laughed as I walked out the front door.

It was a bit cool that day. I guess that's what you get in late October. I leaned against the wall outside the store to have a smoke before I rode home. I flicked my Zippo out and lit the cigarette, trying to do a flashy close but instead dropping it.

"Damnit!" I said as I bent down to pick it up.

"It was a good try." I heard a voice saying as I rose. When I stood up, I saw her again. She had the prettiest smile on her face and I noticed that she wore a raspberry beret, the kind you find in a secondhand store.

I smiled nervously, "Thanks, I do what I can. I dig your beret. God, it feels like I walked into a Prince song," I said talking a little fast.

She laughed and hit my shoulder lightly. "Don't tell anyone, but that's why I bought it," she said smiling again.

"I don't blame ya. I would have done the same thing," I smiled at her.

"Do you think you could spare one of those cigarettes?" 

I had never produced my pack so quick in all my born days. "Sure," I said holding one out to her. She took the offered cigarette and placed it lightly between her lips. I lit it, this time pulling off the fancy close.

"Yay!" she cheered, clapping and laughing.

I bowed slightly. "Thanks, I'm here all week." 

We were quiet a moment, casually smoking our cigarettes.

"So, what do they call ya?" I asked, trying to make conversation.

"Mary, how about you?"

"Danny," I answered smiling. "Pleased to meet you, Mary."

"You, too, Danny." Her cell rang, and she answered. "No, it's fine. I'll figure something out. Sorry about your car." She snapped the phone shut. 

"Damn it!" she swore loudly, taking a long drag off her cig.

"What happened?" I asked.

"My friend was supposed to pick me up, but her car got stolen. So, now she's gonna have to wait for her father to come after her before she can come get me. God knows how long I'll have to wait."

"Well, where ya headed?" I asked, secretly relishing the prospect of giving her a ride.

"Out to the countryside. Tomorrow's Halloween, after all, and another friend of ours has a place out there that's perfect for a Halloween party. Out by Old Man Johnson's farm." 

"Well, so long as you aren't scared of motorcycles, I could give you a ride," I said. "I live alone, so it's not like I have to be anywhere."

"Oh, could you? That's so sweet."

"No problem. Ready to go now?"

"Yes, thank you."

I offered her my arm, and she took it. We walked the half block to where my cycle was parked and I handed her the passenger helmet. It was a big old hog, a gift from my parents who went half with me when I turned 18. I helped her climb onto the back of the bike and then took the front seat. I revved it up and it roared into life.

"Ready?" I asked, looking back at her.

"Yes, this is so exciting!" she said as she wrapped her arms around me.

"Let's roll."

The trip took a bit over an hour, but it was a beautiful autumn evening to ride. We roared down a dirt road, and she laughed and yelled with joy. I laughed too, and felt completely at peace with her. I mean, I'm just an average guy, curly brown hair, broad shoulders, hazel eyes and a beer gut. Nothing too special, but with her I felt great and unique. I felt like a rocker starring in a movie.

We pulled up in front of the large, beautiful house. Clearly, Mary's friend was quite well heeled. I let my bike idle as Mary climbed off the back.

"That was amazing! Thank you so much, Danny."

"No problem. I was happy to do it. This place is amazing."

"Yeah, Shannon's parents are filthy rich."

"They must be. Well, Mary, it was great to meet you. Hopefully I'll see you again," I said, revving the bike back up.

"Wait! Danny, would you like to come in?" she said, a strangely hopeful look in her eyes.

"Well, sure, I mean if you're sure it would be cool and all, I'd love to."

"It'd be perfectly fine; my friends would love to meet you. There's probably hot cider inside waiting." 

"Sounds great. Count me in," I said, turning off the bike. She waited for me and I took her arm again. Together we walked up to the door and she knocked.

"Shannon! It's me, Mary!" she called. The door opened, and a brunette almost as pretty as Mary appeared. 

"Mary! So glad you could make it. Who's your friend?" Shannon asked, examining me. She looked at Mary and they both giggled. I guess I looked good in my leather jacket, jeans, Flogging Molly t-shirt and biker gloves.

"This is Danny; he gave me a ride up here. Danny, this is Shannon," Mary said. I reached out my hand to shake Shannon's.

"Please to meet you, Shannon," I said as I let go of her hand.

"You have quite the grip, Danny," Shannon said, grinning. "Well, come on in. We have some hot cider with a few special ingredients to give it a little extra kick.". I laughed as I walked into the house.

"Sounds great," I said as I looked around the huge foyer. Mary took my helmet and hung both of them on the antique hat rack in the corner, and then she slid my jacket off and hung it as well.

"You didn't have to do that," a little embarrassed that a girl had just taken my jacket off so I didn't have to.

"You didn't have to drive me all the way out here either, but you did," she said, smiling mischievously. I took my gloves off and placed them in the pockets of my hanging jacket. She took my hand and led me to the kitchen where she handed me a steaming mug of apple cider.

"Thanks, it smells great," I said, and it did. They had clearly infused some clove and cinnamon into it while it heated, and maybe a hint of vanilla bean. I took a sip and practically moaned in pleasure.

"This is amazing; I've never had anything so good." Shannon smiled, clearly pleased that I enjoyed it so much.

"Apple cider, heated with a cinnamon stick, vanilla bean, clove, and a good portion of apple brandy."

"Can't even taste the liquor," I said, taking another long sip.

"I'm glad you like it," she said, as I sat down at the table. Mary brought me a big slice of apple-pumpkin pie.

"This is so good," I said as I took a big bite of the pie.

So the evening wore on, after many mugs of cider, cigarettes and laughter, I was ready to leave. I stood up and immediately lost my balance, falling back into the chair.

"Maybe you shouldn't drive home, Danny," Mary said, laughing.

"Why don't you stay? We'd love to have you at the Halloween party," Shannon added.

"I don't wanna impose," I said.

"It's no imposition. We have plenty of rooms, and we even have clothes. You and my Dad must be about the same size, and he's got plenty here." 

"Well, if you're sure it'll be fine."

"It's more then fine. We'd love for you to stay."

"Especially Mary," Mary's friend Becca said, who had since arrived by way of her father.

"BECCA!" Mary yelled, and then started laughing; I blushed and chuckled along with the rest of them.

"I'd be happy to stay," I said, starting to sound quite drunk.

"That's settled then. Mary, would you show him a room he can use and help him get some clothes from my parents' room?" 

"Sure!" Mary said. She was still wearing that raspberry beret.

"Come on, Danny," she said, and I followed her, slightly unsteady, out of the kitchen and up the stairs.

She took me up the stairs and into Shannon's parents' room. No sooner did we get there that she closed and locked the door. I looked around, not quite following the events that were rapidly unfolding. Before I knew it, her arms were around my neck and she kissed me.

Shocked, I didn't immediately register the fact that she was kissing me and started sputtering.

"Mary, Mary, where are you going with this?" 

"I'm kissing you, silly. What does it feel like?" she said giggling and kissing me again, pushing me towards the bed.

"Whoa, Mary, are you sure you want to do this?" I asked, returning her kisses.

"Positive," she said as she pushed me onto the mattress, crawling on top of me.

I wrapped my arms around her, and kissed her fiercely, my hands moving down her back and clenching her plump ass. She pulled my shirt off and started kissing my chest. My hands went down her legs and then up under her dress, feeling the soft, smooth skin of her ass. I quickly and gently rolled her over onto her back and pulled off her panties. She pulled her dress off over her head and unclasped her brassiere.

I leaned down and kissed her neck, moving to her clavicle and then to her plump breasts. Her alabaster skin was nearly flawless. I gently ran my hand down her body. It seemed to find its way to her tight snatch with a will of its own. My finger found her engorged clit and began to rub it. I kept kissing her, growing wild and passionate. Her hands undid my belt. She pushed my jeans and boxers down. My mouth attacked her neck and she gasped as I continued to finger her.

"Danny! DANNY!" she gasped, her hand grasping my stiff member.

"Fuck me! I want to feel this inside me!" she gasped.

I pushed my jeans and boxers down all the way and took hold of my cock, rubbing the head against her wet slit. She hungrily pushed her body down toward me, taking the head of my cock in her. I pushed the rest of the way in. She moaned as I penetrated her, still rubbing her clit. 

Her eyes filled with lust as she pushed her way off the bed and wrapped her arms around me. My hands found her hips and I held onto them as I plunged into her sex again and again. She used her legs to pump as I thrust and she screamed her pleasure.

"Fuck, Danny, fuck me harder!" she yelled as I grunted and groaned through gritted teeth.

"Damn, Mary, you like that cock, don't ya?" I asked as I thrust harder. A muffled 'hmmmmmhmmm' was my answer. 

I kissed her neck and breasts wildly, my hands clenching her hips and smacking her ass. It wasn't too much longer before I felt my orgasm draw close.

"FUCK! Baby, cum for me!" I roared, as I continued to bite and smack and fuck.

"Danny! FUCK! Oh, god, Danny, sooo close!" I ground my hips hard into hers, over and over and finally she came.

"DANNYYYYYYYY!" she screamed and finally I could take it no more and lost it. My seed emptied into her as I roared in orgasm.

"Oh. Oh, god," I said, gasping for breath. I laid her on the bed and pulled out, collapsing next to her. It was then I looked over and noticed something that made me laugh uncontrollably.

"What is it?" she asked

"That damn beret. It's still on your head," I said, chuckling uncontrollably. She smiled and took the beret off, flinging it away. She kissed me.

"Better?" she asked. I nodded and kissed her back, holding her close as we passed into sleep.

The next day was the party; she dressed as a fairy with dove wings. I was able to sort through a bunch of old clothes, costumes and find something to wear.

I wore a purple suit, a matching ascot, boots and a frilly shirt, combined with penciled-in mustache and goatee.

The guests laughed and applauded as I walked in the room.

Prince was in the building.