 I knew the first time I saw him that there was going to be something between us. He was a tall, big, handsome man with beautiful dancing eyes and the friendliest smile I had ever seen. His hands were large enough to cover a side of a basketball and he just exuberated with the essence of what a man should be. He had a mysterious quality about him and I knew that I had to get to know him.

Summer was in full swing and we began spending more and more time together. I learned about his family, friends, likes and dislikes. We also learned we had a common interest in BDSM and decided to be, what we affectionately called, lab partners. We found a class at a swing club that taught people how to safely play using BDSM. I learned so much about myself that summer, and so much about him, too. One night while we were at the club, he announced to a friend that he would not be there for class the following week because he was going home to visit his family in Reno, Nevada. I was stunned and sad. How was I going to survive for ten days without him? Just the thought of it made me ill. Was I falling for this guy? No way! We were, after all, just lab partners. No more, no less.

The next day, I could not get him off of my mind. I sent him a text message and simply stated, "Take me with you". He text back, "Sure". I knew he did not think I was serious, so I told him I was. He sent a text message back telling me to call him on my break. I did. We talked. I got the time off work and, three days later, I got on an airplane with a man I had only known for two months. Everyone thought I had lost my mind, but the truth was, I was only beginning to find it.

He booked an incredible room for me at one of the finest hotels in all of Reno. It had a breathtaking view of the unique desert land and was laden with exquisite décor all around. I was in heaven! I felt like a princess! The bed was incredibly plush and a Jacuzzi tub for two was just steps away. The bathroom was enormous with an incredible, rich green marble shower that even had a place to sit down. I had never stayed in a place like this. I was totally smitten and immediately had the feeling of what kind of week I was in for.

We went to dinner at a little Mexican place called the Hacienda near Lake Tahoe. We drank frozen raspberry margaritas and ate chips with salsa while we talked and joked and flirted all evening. Once back at the hotel, I knew I could not just let him go to his parent's house. He had to stay with me. I needed to taste his sweet lips and feel his large hands caress my body. He sat down on the little wicker sofa while I slipped into something a little easier to remove. (tee hee) I knew what I wanted and was going to get it.

When I emerged from the enormous bathroom, I found him sitting naked in the Jacuzzi, surrounded by warm water and soft, rich bubbles. He had a drink in each hand as he invited me to join him in the warm, bubbly water. I dropped my silky robe and slipped in next to his nakedness. Oh, it felt so good! My body surrounded by the warm water and a nice, cool glass of crisp wine was just what I needed. Well, maybe not all I needed. We sat in the water facing one another chatting and drinking our wine while he gently rubbed my leg. Oh, I longed for him to just take me! I finally decided we could not both be polite, upstanding citizens. I wanted him and I was going to have him! I slid towards him and straddled his large frame. My pussy was directly on top of his growing member and I could feel my nipples begin to stiffen. I put my arms around his neck and began kissing him, ever so softly with a little nibble here and there. At the right time, he planted three little kisses on my forehead and began to gently kiss his way down my neck to my voluptuous breasts. He found my stiff, pink nipples and began to suck, pull, nibble and bite. He had no idea how hot he was really making me, but I could feel his cock stiffening beneath my pussy. We fondled, sucked, kissed, and caressed until neither of us could take it anymore. I had to have him and it was obvious he wanted me. 

I pulled myself out of the Jacuzzi and crawled up on the bed. I knew how much he liked the view of my ass, so I simple presented myself to him for the taking while kneeling on all fours on the bed. I could hear a simple, primitive groaning as he got out of the tub and made his way towards the bed. He stopped along the way to take my nipple clamps out of my toy bag and reached around from behind as he gently attached one to each nipple. It did not take much, as my nipples were already hard with anticipation. He then proceeded to thrust his thick, throbbing cock deep into my hot, wet, waiting pussy. Oh, I wanted that so bad and it felt divine! As he fucked and fucked me harder and harder, the nipple clamps grazed along the bed stimulating my nipples even more. This turned me into a sexual maniac! I met him thrust for thrust as we fucked harder and harder, faster and faster, my breasts bouncing and grazing on the bed. He must have sensed my urge for some release and reached around and removed the nipple clamps. Blood rushed to the tips of my breasts as he fondled them and fucked my hot pussy. I came so hard, over and over, I was shaking! 

He pulled out, turned me over, and spread my legs wide. He dove into my dripping pussy and sucked and teased my clit until I came again, soaking his face. He came up and kissed me deep and I could taste our sweetness. Mmmm… Then he plunged into me with all his might and put my legs up over his shoulders. I could feel his huge hands on my shoulders as he fucked me hard, deep, deeper, and harder. Repeatedly, I kept cumming and cumming, one orgasm after another. One final thrust and he pulled out just in time to glaze my swollen breasts with hot, sticky cum. I love the feel of that hot cream all over my cool body. It is a sensation like no other. He rubbed the cum over my breasts and collapsed next to me on the bed. Ahhh… I had never imagined sex could be so good with someone I barely knew, but I also knew I could not wait to see what was in store for the rest of the week.