 My friend Tom told me about a group of his friends who get together on Friday nights.

"Why don't you come along with me?" He said.

I asked him what this group was about. Tom was vague. He said that I had to come and see. He pestered me until I agreed to go along. That Friday Tom picked me up and we drove out to this rural location. We were driving on this dirt road until we came to the turn off. We drove about one hundred yards until we came to this barn.

We got out and I could see people gathering around this huge pile of wood. This soon-to-be bonfire had to be eight feet tall. A dark haired woman approached us.

"Tom, is this your friend you told me about?"

Tom said yes, this is Mark. The woman said her name was Helena. My guess was Helena was in her early forties. Her black hair was down to her shoulders. Helena was a full figured woman. She was wearing this see-through outfit. It was starting to get dark but I could swear I could see her full breasts. She wasn't wearing any bra.

All the people gathered around Helena. She began with some incantations I didn't understand. I did hear the words 'Odin, Thor and Baldur.' I knew enough that these were old Norse gods. So this is what Tom was up to. All this went on for maybe forty-five minutes. After Helena finished. A man walked to the bonfire. He sprayed lighter fluid all over. He stepped back, lit a branch and threw it into the wood.

The bonfire started to blaze. I noticed that males and females started to couple up. They began to undress and they piled the clothing onto the ground. A sex orgy started to unfold. I was speechless. Helena walked over to me. She took me by the hand and we walked to where a large oak tree stood.

Helena started to remove her gown. It was as I thought. She didn't have a bra or panties on. The setting sun was just on the horizon. She said I could take my clothes off and pile them on the ground. Tom didn't tell me about this part. I had my phone in my jacket. I put that aside and then removed the rest of my things.

Helena got onto her back and used my clothes to lie on. I watched as she spread her thighs and then motioned me to join her. What can I say? I got down on top of Helena and I began to kiss her large nipples. She placed her hands on the back of my head to urge me on.

My mushroom head was rubbing against her black bush. I was getting hard alright. Helena took her hands from my head. She guided my cock to her opening. I pushed in as hard as I could. Helena let out this passionate cry. She wasn't the only woman I heard. All that fucking going on, women were moaning and crying out to be fucked. I never heard anything like it before.

Helena placed her legs around my back. She squeezed me hard as I pumped my erect cock into her belly. Actually, Helena begged me to take her. 

"Please Mark, go harder!

I did exactly as she asked. I stretched my legs out and gave her hard cock. I did unlock her legs. I took her ankles and pushed her legs forward. I was going to get deep as I could. My balls slapped against her bottom. Helena was letting out these loud screams. It was hard to say how long this all went on. The only light now was from the bonfire.

It almost sounded like all the women orgasmed at one time. I was almost there. A few more deep thrusts and I blew my load into Helena's pussy. She was wrapped tight around me with her muscles. I fired one stream after another into her voracious hole. Helena's body shook there in the cool evening.

She pulled me down to her and we kissed. When I got soft, I pulled free from Helena. She got up to her feet and walked closer to that oak tree. I could see her pushing out our love juices onto the base of the oak. We both got dressed. Everyone else was doing the same. Helena told me to take down her phone number. I entered into it my phone directory.

That was when Tom showed up. I hadn't seen who he paired up with. It was time to go. Helena waved to me as we drove off.

"You lucky dog," Tom said to me.

It seems that Helena is the one female who can choose her mate for the night. The men get to choose their female lovers. I had to ask Tom, who had he been with?

"I normally pair up with the same person. Her name is Jill. She is the only woman under thirty."

Tom tried to pepper me with questions. I stayed quiet on the way back. Tom had a big mouth anyway. I did call Helena the next day. She said she wanted to talk with me if possible. She gave me an address to a small house on the edge of town. When I arrived she thanked me for last night.

She said most of the men in the coven were in their forties and much older. It was rare for a young man to show up. Helena had a small altar in her living room. She said she hoped I would come to understand their beliefs in time. She went on to tell me about herself.

She was married once. Her husband didn't approve of her beliefs. Why couldn't she be a Christian like everyone else? She ended divorcing and staying single.

"Can I tell you something Mark?"

I said she could tell me anything she liked. Helena said that last night she felt some things she hadn't felt in years. I had pushed some buttons inside her, sexually and emotionally. I didn't know what to say to her. Helena realized she was probably twenty years older than me but she wanted me as her mate.

That took me by surprise. She asked me if I would just think it over. I said I would. The tension was so thick, we ended up making love again. This time Helena was on top of me. It wasn't dark like the first time. Her large boobs hung down on her chest. Her nipples were the size of two silver dollars. She mounted me and my dick got buried inside her oozing gash.

Helena bounced up and down on my cock. I fondled her giant tits as she rode me. It was more of the same. Helena begged and pleaded to be fucked by me. It certainly got me turned on listening to that. She kept telling me that my cock was the largest she had every experienced. I never thought I was that large but if it made her happy. 

"Please Mark, I need your cum in me!"

I did Helena give another dose of my cream. Somehow I was able to spill four or five hot wads of my steamy oil into her body. I have to admit I never saw a woman react to my cock like Helena did. I didn't stay the night even though Helena wanted me to. She did say she wanted to be truthful.

"If we becoming lovers like this, I will end up falling in love with you."

I sure wasn't ready for that. Helena was hot in bed. She was right, she was twenty years old than me. I wasn't ready to adopt the whole pagan thing. I guess we will have to take it slow. In the meanwhile I want all of that pussy I can get.