 Try and remember to give it a vote once you've read itt hen I'll know if it's hitting the spot. 

I had been invited to a friend's son's engagement party and as these things happen I was also taking a client to a big football match on the same day while he was in town and for which I had tickets in the director's box. My wife was not too pleased with me, she rightly guessed that I wouldn't have time to get home after the match and she would have to make her own way to the party.

We won the game and my client was over the moon. We caught a cab and as the reception was at a venue en route to my client's home I asked the cabby to drop me off near the venue, which although a highly regarded, pricy function centre was in a fairly dingy part of town. I arrived there about and hour and a bit too early and the main doors were still closed so I waited at the entrance getting all sorts of looks from the locals presumably due to being all dressed up in a suit and looking fairly out of place at that time of day. Eventually, having seen cars disappear down a side road, it dawned on me that there was a back entrance to the venue and a car park so I walked around to the back and decided to wait there for my wife, who was coming with another couple that we knew.

I was standing there waiting and nodding to people as they parked there cars and passed me on the way into the hall. I had been there quite a while and the car park was getting full when I noticed this woman getting out of her car. I don't know to this day what it was that excited me about her, she was about average for a woman about 5' 6" maybe 5' 9" with her high heels, black wavy hair a round face with emerald green eyes and thick lipstick coated lips. She looked about a size 14 and wore a black suit with a low cut white blouse. As she came closer I saw her tits, they were awesome at least a 34DD or E, she had two children on tow behind her. When she reached level with me we just both stared at each other and she gave me the biggest come on smile I had ever gotten from a woman. There was most definitely a very strong sexual chemistry between us and I was lost for words, gob smacked I think is the expression. It wasn't that she was one of the world's beauties, because she wasn't that, not that she was ugly either, it was this aura of sex that seemed to waft from her and smack me right between the eyes numbing my senses. She slowed down to almost a halt no doubt expecting me to say something but I was tongue tied and couldn't find the words to start a conversation so she quickened her pace and just walked on by. Leaving me standing there cursing myself for being such a complete tongue tied dim wit.

My wife and our friends hadn't turned up so I decided to go inside just in case they had parked somewhere else and had gone in through the front doors. As I suspected my wife and our friends were standing in the hall waiting for me. We had a little laugh about how I had ended up waiting when I was the first to arrive and then made our way to our table. 

All through the evening I kept spotting the woman I had seen outside and our eyes kept meeting across the big crowded room, each time she gave me a big smile and it was pretty obvious that she was giving me a come on, unless we had met before and I was positive we hadn't. Finally at some stage I got up to go to the gents and when I came out she was standing just outside in the hallway talking to one of her children and she looked up at me and smiled. I looked back smiling at her. And I knew it was now or never.

"Hello, I'm Peter, who do you know?" I forced myself to ask, at the same time looking her up and down, my imagination going in to overdrive and running riot with thoughts of how nice it would be to have one of those wonderful breasts in my mouth and whether she had big nipples to go with those big tits and whether her cunny was smoothly shaved and how I'd love to taste her cunt juice.

"Hi, my names Jacky and I'm friends with the fiancées mother." She laughed and added, "I thought you had decided not to speak to me after what happened outside." 

"Well to be honest I thought that if I came out with what I was thinking you would probably have slapped me and stormed off, I feel a bit more relaxed now after a couple of drinks but I'm still hoping I can keep control of what I'm saying."

"I was just going to get something out of my car, would you mind coming with me it's pretty dark out there now and perhaps you can tell me what you were thinking if I promise not to slap you and storm off."

"Well I don't know about sharing my thoughts but of course I'll walk you to your car."

We walked out of the hall and into the car park, it was a mild evening but still cold enough to harden her nipples, something I couldn't help but notice as I looked down at her breasts. She caught me looking and smiled.

"I'd love to hear what you were thinking you know and I swear that whatever it was or maybe still is I won't hold it against you. That is unless you want me to." She laughed out loud.

I thought for a minute and then decided to take the plunge after all what was the worst that could happen.

"You know how sometimes you get a very strong sexual attraction towards someone although you don't know them. Well that is what I've got towards you and to be pretty blunt I'd love to make love to you this very minute." This is something I would ordinarily have kept to myself but having had several drinks it had loosened me up a lot.

"That sounds very interesting; I think I would enjoy that very much, why don't you tell me exactly what you'd like to do to me?" She asked as she opened the car door and sat on the black leather back seat of her Lexus, which also had all round dark tinted windows adding a feeling of intimacy to our encounter, shifting along to the other end and beckoning me to sit beside her.

I was pretty stunned at her blunt reply and sat down next to her deciding that if she really wanted to hear I would tell her.

"I'd start by kissing those beautiful thick lips and push my tongue inside your mouth hoping you would suck it in for me and rub it with your tongue. Then I'd undo your blouse and free your gorgeous looking tits so I could suck on your nipples."

"And what would I be doing during this?" She asked catching me off balance.

"Well I suppose you'd be rubbing my cock letting me know you were enjoying what I was doing and wanted more."

"Oh, do you mean, like this?" 

Her warm hand was suddenly on my semi hard cock squeezing it, my rod reacted in the only way it knew and within a matter of seconds it became as stiff as a 2 by 2.

"Yes that would be about right." I told her, my hand on her cheek guiding her face towards mine and quickly locating her mouth with my own.

We were kissing with a hungry passion I hadn't experienced for a long time, my tongue was deep in her hot wet mouth as she sucked it in, as if wanting to wrench it out of my mouth into hers and devour it to satisfy her desire. My hands were by now resting on her huge breasts as I fumbled to find the buttons, to my surprise she came to my aid and quickly undid them before returning her hand to my cock. 

I praised the Lord for the modern bra design, which allowed me to unclip the front and allow her wonderful orbs to tumble out. I was not disappointed; they were firm with huge saucer size areola and large erect nipples. I toyed with her huge breasts, massaging the subtle flesh with my big hands before moving to her nipples and rolling each between fore finger and thumb our mouths still glued together as her kisses grew wilder still. She finally released my tongue and mouth enabling her to speak again.

"Suck my tits Peter, really suck them hard." She demanded.

I was only too happy to oblige, there was no need for a further invitation or coaxing. I moved my head down to her awesome bosom, my mouth open in anticipation as it captured one of her long hard nipples inside. I suckled on it, all the time feeling her hand squeezing and pumping my hard erect cock bringing me ever closer to the point of no return. There was a hunger and urgency in our fumbling on the back leather seat of her luxurious car as I sucked her nipple hard before finally biting down on it making her wince only to encourage me to bite it again.

"Go on Peter bite it harder, I love my nipples being eaten like this."

I was only too happy to oblige and at the same I pinched the vacant nipple hard, it was obviously something she found stimulating as her rubbing of my cock intensified. I wanted to feel her cunt, to finger her hot sex and the warmth and wetness inside her but the trouser suit she wore made this practically impossible.

"I have to get back to the kids but would love to suck you off first, take your cock out." 

Her statement was made in such a matter of fact way it was unreal, she was relaxed and decisive as to what she wanted to do next, and it was more of a demand. I couldn't get my zipper down fast enough.

"No, drop your trousers and pants I want to get to all of it, I don't like doing things by halves." She laughed.

The lady definitely knew what she wanted and I for one wasn't going to let a little thing like a belt and a couple of buttons get in the way of that. I undid my belt and the buttons holding the trousers together lowering them and my boxers until I was sat with my bare arse on the cool black leather back seat with my trousers and boxers around my ankles with a huge hard pulsating 7" by 7" cock pointing straight up at the car roof. Her warm hand moved down and wrapped around my rod as she begun to wank me her eyes fully focused on the one eyed snake between my legs mesmerized by it.

"That's a beautiful cock Peter, I'm going to enjoy sucking you off and I hope you'll cum loads and loads for me."

Her sultry sexy voice and her compliment made my cock jerk with anticipatory excitement, no woman before her had voiced any such directness or enthusiasm which I think added that much more to my sexual stimulation and made my cock swell that bit more. 

"Thanks Jacky and I'm sure if any one can make me cum big time it would be you." I told her not sure whether this was what she wanted to hear or not but it was the only thing I could think of saying.

The car was spacious but reaching out to the control panel at the front she pressed a button and the front seats moved further forward making that bit more room between the back and front seats thus enabling her to get down on her knees in between my wide spread legs.

Happy with her position she lowered her head and slowly begun to lick the head of my penis. I could feel the roughness and bumpiness created by every taste bud on the top of her tongue as it slid across the swollen sensitive tip, stopping only briefly to probe the tiny pee hole with its tip and gather the pre-cum that was oozing out of me. I could now detect the warmth of her breath as her mouth opened and took me inside inch by delicious inch. Only a man can really appreciate the utter delight of having his cock take in by a willing and able mouth while the tongue massages that extra sensitive area on the underside just below the head. Jacky finally managed to swallow the whole length of my organ and I could feel her nasal breathing on my swollen balls. Her hands moved to my balls and she gently squeezed, playing with them like two delicate juggling balls, while her head begun to bob up and down my rod as she gobbled me in earnest, her saliva dribbling along the stem of my cock down to my balls. 

Jacky was well versed in cock sucking and it wasn't long before I felt the readiness signs. My balls hardened and the skin around them became hard, rough and taut while my cock felt restricted as it suddenly swelled inside her oral prison. I could now feel the tenseness in between my legs as my seed primed itself for the short rollercoaster voyage from my seed sacks into her imitation cunt. The imminent rush was heralded by the burning sensation inside the narrow restrictive pipe running through my cock as the first thick dollop of spunk erupted through the tiny pee hole into her mouth. Jacky's experience told her what was needed now as she grabbed my cock in her hand and begun pumping it harder and faster than ever before just managing to keep the top three inches of my thick rod in her mouth as it jerked again and again releasing thick creamy white dollop after dollop of my fresh seed inside her oral domain. She continued to pump my cock until I had surrendered every last drop of my man juice to her, which was greedily received and gobbled up.

Satisfied with her work she lifted her head up and looked at me, her face a picture of satisfaction, looking like the cat that got the cream. Some of my sticky-seed had managed to escape her oral haven and her tongue snaked out lazily and licked up what it could reach while the rest was gathered by her finger and promptly pushed back inside her mouth.

"Jacky that was awesome what can I say it was really mind blowing I just wish I could get you off."

"Thanks, I like knowing I've pleased in my own little way and as for getting me off, I'm counting on that. Next time we meet I want that cock buried inside my pussy but right now I think we had better get back don't you?"

"Ah..yeah right." She was most definitely not shy I thought, something quite refreshing.

We quickly dressed and talked while we did.

"Look Peter, I think we need to set some ground rules here and now if we're going to meet again and since this is the very first time I've ever done anything like this since I got married. Firstly I'm not looking for a new husband, I'm very happy with the one I have. I just love sex and want someone that can give me that on a no-strings basis, my husband simply isn't adventures enough nor does his sex drive much mine. Secondly as you have seen I am a mother and want to protect my children at all costs, so this side of my life will be kept completely separate from the rest. Thirdly I want reassurance that you don't have any STDs. Also I want to explore all aspects of my sexuality and you have to promise to help me to do that. When and if I decide it is over then you must agree that you will abide by my decision. Is all that clear and agreeable?"

I couldn't believe what she had just said; it was as if all my Christmas's had come in one. It was obviously something she had thought about and rehearsed and I couldn't have put it any better myself.

"That's all fine by me Jacky but you must also abide with the same rules where it concerns me."

"Good, I feel much better now and glad we've got that out in the open. When shall we try and meet again, during the day would be good for me?"

I would have liked to meet the very next day, Sunday, but knew this wouldn't be possible as a lot of questions would be asked if I disappeared for any length of time. During the day would also be difficult, it would mean missing work but if the performance she had just given was anything to go by how could I refuse. I thought quickly, Monday was out so was Tuesday, Wednesday I had a couple of meetings but could easily reschedule.

"Wednesday would be excellent, but where and when?" I asked.

"Wednesday is good for me too. I was thinking around 12, we could meet at that pub near the station at Winchmore Hill and have a drink and go for a drive somewhere. I love doing it in the car, don't you?"

"That sounds good to me. I presume you mean the Kings Head? Hope this time I get the chance to do more to you than just suck on those beautiful tits."

"That's the one and don't worry I'll be dressed or maybe I should say undressed for the occasion and I'll expect you to do a lot more than bite on my cherries. Here's my private number if you want to get in touch before then."

We went back to the hall and spent the rest of the evening as normal, in fact after a few more drinks I begun to wander whether what had just taken place in the car park was just my imagination playing ticks on me.

Sunday just seemed to drag on and on and Monday was even worse. I really wanted to see Jacky and fuck her and couldn't wait till Wednesday. In the end I called her up Tuesday lunch time.

"Hi Jacky, its Peter, hope you don't mind the call but Wednesday seems a hell of a long way off still."

"Yes, I can't wait for Wednesday so I'm really pleased you phoned. One of the things I've always wanted to try is phone sex. Have you ever tried it?"

"No I can't say that I have. It does sound very interesting though and must surely be better than nothing." I laughed and begun growing to the idea in more ways than one, even her voice seemed to convey a sexual chemical charge along the telephone line and I could feel my cock unwinding like a waking python.

"Where are you?" She asked.

"I'm at work."

"Have you got your own room?"

"Yes."

"Good, close the door so you won't be disturbed and I'm just going to my bedroom."

Getting up I closed the door and then locked it. It wasn't unusual for my door to be locked; I did this every night when I left the office. Calling our telephonist I told her to take messages and that I wasn't to be disturbed. Walking back to my desk I sat on the high backed tan leather seat.

"Hi Peter are you still there? I'm now upstairs lying on top of my bed and would love to hear what you would do if you were here with me."

I wasn't too sure of how to get the ball rolling not having done this before. Then it struck me that the only way to do this was to actually pretend that I was in the room with her and allow my imagination to take over. 

"So what are you wearing?" To get my imagination going it needed a kick start like an illusion of the scenario and setting like her just lying there on her white silk sheets on a large comfortable bed just waiting for my next move.

"I'm wearing a white button up blouse, the top three buttons are undone, my white half cup bra and a short dark blue summer skirt with a matching blue thong."

My cock reacted to her soft sultry voice while my brain processed the details she had furnished me with.

"I walk into the room, you are lying on the bed, your skirt has ridden up and I can see your narrow thong, which is already stained with your juices, digging into your juicy cunt parting it in two. I sit next to you and lower my head to yours, our lips meet and we kiss. I push my tongue into your mouth and savour the sweetness of your saliva as our tongues explore one another's mouth. We continue to kiss as my hands move to your blouse and undo the buttons. I need to feel your beautiful mounts; I pull the bra down allowing your tits to tumble out. Your hands are busy; I can feel you rubbing my cock with one while the other is squeezing my balls"

"Oh yes, your cock feels so strong and hard I can just get my hand round it, I want it out so I can feel you hard taught muscle, undo you trousers and get it out for me."

"I move away briefly, undo my zipper then the trousers, kicking my shoes off I take it all off below the waist." 

At this point I actually held the phone down near the zipper and let her listen in as I undid it and pulled my cock out and begun to stroke it up and down. The door was locked and what the hell, I was feeling really horny and I was getting flash backs of her gobbling my cock inside the back of her car.

"God yes, I've got it in my hand now it's all hot and sticky with all the pre-cum. I'm rubbing it up and down."

My mind was playing tricks on me and I could almost see it now me kneeling on the bed next to her massaging and squeezing her wonderful breasts while she rubbed my cock up and down with her small warm hand.

"I move down to your breasts and suck one of your hard nipples into my mouth while I take the other in my hand and pinch the nipple. I'm licking the nipple now my tongue caressing it getting it wet before sucking on it hard and now I'm biting on it. Do you like that Jacky?"
