 When Frank opened the door, he was expecting some skinny, nerdy Chinese shrimp of a deliver boy but instead, the delivery boy turned out to be a stunning Caucasian delivery girl, possible in her early 20's with massive boobs! This scenario couldn't had been more worse for Frank.

"Hi," the delivery girl spoke in a cute, southern accent. "I hope I'm at the right apartment. Are you Frank Spellman?"

"Yes I am..." Frank trailed on a bit on edge. He tore his eyes from her pretty, snow-white face, her big apple-green eyes that were shielded behind a pair of Lisa Loeb like glasses, and her full, plump luscious lips to glance down at her tight-fitting blue t-shirt with the Chinese restaurant logo stretched across her substantially large melons to read her nametag. "...Candice." His enormous cock throbbed and luckily, Frank had it tightly secured.

"Great! Says here, you order the orange chicken with fried rice and steamed vegetables, one thing of noodles, and a couple of egg rolls. Your total comes to $14.35," Candice said with a smile. She squinted her eyes at Frank as if he looked familiar. "I don't mean to sound crazy but are you famous? I swear I've seen you before. Definitely recently."

"If I was famous, do you think I would be living in this place?" he nonchalantly replied. 

"I don't know. Some celebs like to live small so their obsessed fans, crazy stalkers and the paparazzi won't disturb them."

"Rest to sure Candice, I am a normal person with a normal paying job living in a normal apartment. I'm just as normal as you. Please, come in while I go get my wallet." Candice entered into his apartment as he walked off thinking this girl could possibly know who is he, but on the other hand, perhaps she was hoping he was someone else. 

Frank was no dummy. He realized his porn scenes had spread all over the Internet like wildfire but it wouldn't be the first time someone had mistaken Frank as a celebrity. In the world of porn, one of his nicknames was Jason Dickman, a parody name to the action star, Jason Statham. Besides doing his own action, Frank shared some other attributes as the action star. He was bald, lean and ripped, had a hairy chest, and always sported a designer stubble as the actor.

Frank fetched his wallet from the kitchen table just a couple of ways down from the entrance to his apartment. He walked back over to Candice just as his easy-to-snap-on belt snapped open under the pressure of concealing his hard dick and fell to the floor.

"Oh fuck!" Frank groaned, as he looked down at his enormous, naked cock pointing straight up from between his open bathrobe right at Candice. He quickly closes his bathrobe and looks up to see her shock and awe face. "I am very sorry for that. I'm not a pervert or anything, so don't go reporting me to your boss or the police. It was an accident."

"Frank Spellman... Oh yes, of course. Now I remember who you are. Frank Spellman, the porno actor. I could not forget that enormous penis," Candice said a bit relieved. "Some girlfriends and I saw a few of your movies a couple of weeks ago."

"You watch porn with your friends?" Frank said a bit shocked.

"We all have our guilty pleasures, Frank Spellman. The girls are not going to believe I just delivered food to Frank Spellman and his enormous cock! It's even bigger in person! Can I touch it?"

That bizarre request threw Frank off. This pretty brunette looked like your everyday wholesome girl with the exception of her oversized knockers and having porn parties with her girlfriends. It was too late to turn back and in order to contain the usual situation, Frank had to make the first move.

"If I let you touch my cock, you have to promise me you won't go telling your girlfriends about me nor anyone else for that matter? I'm trying to keep a low profile while living here, deal?"

"Ah man. I really wanted to impress them with photos and everything but I guess we got a deal," Candice sadly and redundantly agreed. "I've never met anyone famous, let alone request to touch a compete stranger's huge dick. I get plenty of those offers all the time, usually the roles are reversed and guys want to touch my huge tits."

"Can't say I blame them," Frank blurred out. "You have some nice big breasts. On top of that, you're quite a gorgeous woman."

"Why thank you," she blushed. "I suppose a big cock like yours could handle a pair of big tits like mines."

"Are you supposing we find out?"

"Perhaps but first things first. I have to see it."

Candice didn't have to ask twice as Frank opened and dropped his bathrobe. He stood naked with his massive dick, hard, thick, and pulsing in Candice's direction. She was about an inch or two taller then Peyton as she reached down with one hand and seized his powerful specimen of manhood. Candice gasped as she was unable to fully wrap her fingers enclosed around it.

"Gosh dang! The girls in your movies really did have a hard time grabbing this with one hand," she expressed. She lowered her other hand to enclose his shaft between her palms and began jerking him off.

"Thought all you wanted to do was touch it," Frank teased her between soft moans.

"It's not everyday you deliver food to a handsome guy with a huge dick and just so happens to be a famous porn star. You have to take advantage," she answered, as she increased her jerking tempo. "I think I want this big, powerful thing inside me..."

"I have no problems with having dessert first but aren't you on the clock?" Frank asked. "What about your boss?"

"He won't fire me," she assured him. "Not if he doesn't wants his wife to know I had to suck and tit-fuck his small ass cock in order to get my job."

Frank raised an eyebrow but continued to enjoy the soft feeling of her hands jacking him off. "Well I be damned. That whole innocence facade is just a clever disguise, I see."

"Oh, Mr. Frank Spellman. I can assure you that there isn't anything innocence about me." After saying that, Candice sunk to her knees in front of him and parted her lips to taste the bulbous head of his hard cock. She wiggled, jiggled, and swirled her tongue around the meaty mushroom, sending an enchanting sensation through Frank's body. Frank moaned as he felt his thick organ slipped further into her soft, warm mouth. Candice kept a tight grip on the base of his swollen hard member with one hand as she wetly sucked it. She had her other hand down in her panties that were moist in the front.

Frank thrust his hips forward and backwards, fucking this busty delivery girl's mouth. Candice loosens her mouth and closes her eyes, as she felt his enormous cock slide over her tongue and invade the back of her throat. She relinquished her grip on his cock and had both hands firmly kneading Frank's ass while he face-fucked her. He had his hands placed on opposite sides of her head and went to town on her throat. Frank was amazed at how deep she could take his giant dick down her throat similar to Peyton. His fat, tight balls rapidly slammed against her chisel chin and each time his cock pulled half way out of her mouth, saliva flung out. 

Frank would pause for quick short seconds in between thrusts, leaving his massive, hard cock crammed in Candice's mouth to the brim and watched her big, apple-green eyes water behind her glasses. After fucking her mouth for a few minutes, Frank pulled his cock out, drenched in her saliva, and slapped it around her face and the lens of her glasses. This immediately took Frank back to his porn days. He enjoyed slapping his wet cock on the broad's face after receiving a nice, sloppy blow job. Candice had such a beautiful unblemished face and smooth pale skin that Frank basked in the pleasure of slapping and rolling his cock and balls around on her face and she seemed to be enjoying it.

"Now, how about those lovely titties?" Frank grunted. "In fact, I think it's time to get you out of those clothes."

Frank took Candice by her hands and led her to his bedroom. She opened her eyes but could barely see out of her glasses with his pre-cum and her own saliva smudged on the lens. Once she got in Frank's bedroom, she took her glasses off, followed by her shoes, tan work jeans, and blue t-shirt. Frank admired Candice's slender, athletic body with beautiful curves from the waist down as she stood only wearing a huge black bra that held up her huge globular knockers, black panties, and orange socks.

"Instead of admiring the view, why don't you come and partake in it. Come fuck me, Mr. Porno star," Candice seductively teases. Frank took his cue and walked up to her. He kissed her for the first time and could smell and taste his cock juices on her breath. Being in the porn biz for so long, he had gotten use to tasting himself while kissing his female co-stars. He reached up behind her back and unhooked her huge bra that was smashed up against his naked chest. Her satin 32FF brassiere fell at their feet and her huge, plump pink breasts were squished between their bodies. The bottoms of her heavy breasts made contact with the fat head of his dick while her hard nipples pierced into his lower abdomen. "Lotion these bad girls up and lets see if your cock can be a perfect match."

Candice laid down on Frank's bed while he retrieved his bottle of lotion. The bottle was half empty from his plenty of uses on his lonely nights in Ravenswood. Before Frank applied the lotion to her enormous breasts, he bend down and gave both of her protruding, fat nipples a thorough sucking that caused Candice to deeply moan. After a few minutes, he released her hard nipples from his mouth and lashed at them with his tongue. Frank resumed his feverish alternating from sucking one nipple to the other. He opened his mouth wider and sucked up her wrinkled areolas and the surrounding soft flesh. Her boobs were soft yet firm and one of the best pair of all natural big tits he ever had the pleasure of feasting on. It would be hard to pull his mouth away from them but not as hard as his massive cock at the moment. 

Frank dropped to his knees and straddled her chest. He used the last of his lotion to grease up his cock and thoroughly grease up her huge soft pillows. Candice pushed her fat round melons together and squeezed them around his hard shaft. Frank began thrusting slowly and steadily, up and down between the massive, warm and wet cleavage of her fun-bags. His hands tweaked and rubbed at her pink, thick gumdrop nipples. Candice gasped loudly as the jerking, pulling and tugging on her nipples send a direct signal to her pussy. She could feel her juices streaming down her thighs. He worked his enormous, throbbing prick more aggressively between her fat jugs. With each thrust between their wonderful softness, the bulbous head of his cock hit her throat. Frank turned up the speed and pounded her bouncy big breasts madly, pawing his hands all over their soft flesh and smooth texture, thumbing and pinching her pointed nips. 

Frank had worked with so many females with hard, plastic tits that he had forgotten how wonderful his cock felt between a pair of huge, natural tits. He marveled at the sight of his massive manhood sliding deep inside the walls of Candice's overly huge round tits and basked in the sounds of his thighs smacking the bottoms of her creamy, wobbly mounds of pleasure. The tit-fucking went on for several minutes. His massive rod was blistering hot and hard as steel thrusting between her enormous wonderful peaks. Frank could cum between her fuck pillows if he chose but wanted to get a taste of her pussy.

"I bet this big dick would feel even better in that pussy of yours," commented Frank. He pulled his cock from the valley of her slick boobs and slapped it on her hard, fat nipples, coating them with pre-cum.

"Fuck me Frank! Fuck me now!" cried Candice.

Frank climbed off her chest and got right between her legs. He pulled her black panties down and from around her feet. Candice was left wearing only her glasses and orange socks which strangely turned Frank on even more. She kind of reminded him of a most beautiful and sexier version of Velma from Scooby Doo. He teased her moist pussy by rubbing his swollen dickhead up and down the lips. Candice grasped and moaned as she anticipated the biggest cock she ever seen penetrating her tight pussy. Frank finally began inserting most of his dick between her glistening cunt lips. He paused for a moment allowing his big, hard cock to penetrate deep inside her womb. Frank grunted and started plunging in and out of her with no warning. His body fell on top of hers, smashing his hairy chest against her huge jiggling boobs and drilled her tight pussy with fast and intense thrusting. 

Candice panted and moaned like a wild woman beneath Frank. When her day started, Candice had no idea it would end with a former porn star with a huge dick impaling it deep between her legs. She hoisted those strong curvy legs into the air and flailed her feet around as his thick dick continued to invade the depths of her wet tunnel. She cried out in pleasure having her pussy filled to the brim by his meaty tool, thrusting with all his power, sliding balls-deep with every push. Her legs fell and she wrapped them around his waist to keep him deep inside her as an orgasm sweep through her writhing body.

"That's it! Cum on my cock. Release yourself," Frank panted in her ear. He locked his arms under her arms and hammered his rock-hard shaft more swiftly into her gushing wetness. He felt the heels of her feet bouncing off his ass with each thrust. Within seconds, Frank felt her pussy exploding around his cock as she came hard. Candice let out a banshee like scream, heavily panting, clutching at his back and shuddering uncontrollably beneath him.

"UHHHhhhhh FUCK! UUHHHhh!" she cried. Frank continued fucking her hard into his mattress as she rode the waves of sexual bliss. "Ohhhhh GOD! That's it! Fuck me! Ohhhh yessss!"

As Frank and Candice took pleasure in their hot fuck session, they weren't the only ones. In the apartment below Frank's, a young blond had her eyes closed and softly moaning as she had one hand inside her sweatpants and probed the inside of her wet pussy. Her other hand wildly squeezed and kneaded her gigantic sphere-shaped flesh pillows through her flimsy little tank top. Her nipples were rock-hard bullets as she pulled and tweaked them. 

The blond rapidly thrust two fingers into her wet vagina hole as she visualized being fucked by Frank. She heard every moan, grunt, and scream coming from his apartment above. She heard the bedsprings squeaking loudly while Frank hammered Candice into pleasure. She heard the loud thuds of the headboard every time Frank thrust his cock into Candice. The blond moaned as quietly as she could, rubbing her sensitive clitoris vigorously. 

With one hand, she lifted her tank top up, exposing her heavy floppy spheres and bullet-hard nipples. She rubbed them between her fingers and that was all it took for her to start cumming. She whimpered with intensity as her fingers pounded in and out of her cum-gushing pussy. The front of her sweatpants were soaked in her cum as she removed her sticky hand. The blond opened her eyes and marveled at her own sticky wetness as she slowly recovered from her intense orgasm. Suddenly, she heard a knock at her bedroom door.

"Kirsten, sweetie?" called out an older woman.

"Yes, Auntie?" the blond answered back.

"Can you go upstairs and tell the man in apartment D14 to keep the noise to a minimum. Thanks and goodnight hunny."

Kirsten had just finish finger-fucking herself to the guy she had to go tell to keep his wild sex down to a minimum, as her Aunt, whom was the owner of the apartment complex, was going to bed. She stretched her little tank top back over her monster titties and climbed out of bed. Her orgasm may have subsided but her nipples were still rock-hard and pierced prominently through her thin tank top. She thought about putting on a bra and throwing some extra laying of clothing but she wanted Frank to see her, manly for him to perhaps one day invite her into his apartment for a hard pounding. Speaking of which, Kirsten still heard Frank and his loud house guest tearing it up between the sheets.

Candice bounced on his fat cock in reserve cowgirl style. Her huge fat tits bounced excitedly on her chest as Frank drove deeper and harder into her drenched sex with his ever-increasing hard cock. The middle of his bedding were soaked in their juices, manly hers as she came multiple times. They fucked for what seemed like hours and Frank was just getting started. 

He increased his tempo and thrust balls-deep into her wet snatch. He moved his hands from her curvy hips to her massive bouncing melons. Candice's breasts were slightly larger then a pair of cantaloupes as they overflowed and leaped from his hands. Frank squeezed and held onto them as best as he could while toying with her hard, extended nipples. Candice let out another banshee like scream, as she came hard. Her sweat-glistening, trembling body fell back against Frank's and he looked over her shoulders to see his hands groping at her huge round breasts.

"I'm going to cum!" he groaned. "I want to cum on these tits."

With what little strength Candice had, she climbed off his cock and kneeled between his legs. Frank had already given Candice a nice, messy facial which stained her glasses and got in her hair and came all over her backside after fucking her doggy-style. He stood up with his cock firmly in his grasp and roared as an enormous thick rope of his hot spunk landed across her chest. Candice arched her back causing her enormous, round knockers to fall to her sides while Frank groans with pleasure and lets loose jet streams after streams of his hot cum all over them, in between, and her neck. Frank looked down at her as he continued to unload the store-up content from his tight balls. His cum was heavily thick and messy on her big tits, rolling down her hard nipples and the undersides of her fat bosoms before hitting the bedding. He breathes heavily, regaining his breath little by little after his orgasm when suddenly he and Candice heard knocking at his door.

"Oh shit! Might be my boss!" Candice freaked out.

"Just relax and stay here. I'll just remind him what he has to lose if he threatens to fire you," said Frank, as he slipped on a pair of jeans only and headed to the door.

"Who is it?" he asked

"Kirsten from the apartment upstairs."

Frank opened the door and yet again, wasn't expecting what was on the other end. Kirsten was reasonable cute with long, blond stringy hair and bright blue eyes and had somewhat of a playful youth to her but what immediately caught Frank's attention first was her gargantuan fun-bags as they torpedoed and sagged with no support under her little thin tank top. The girl was unbelievably scrawny with a tiny waist making her breasts look utterly obscure on her thin frame. Her tiny nipples were embarrassingly hard and the top was being stretched to its limits by her tits cumbersome mass. The top was elevated up and exposed her little, round belly. Frank couldn't figure out why so many girls in Ravenswood possessed such enormous breasts that could be a back killer for many women.

"Hi," he said, drifting his eyes away from her heavy jugs to her face. "What can I do for you?"

Immediately, the smell of sex stuck Kirsten as soon as Frank opened the door. She could see that Frank's nicely shaped, hairy chest and smooth bald head were glistening with sweat. She was afraid to look down but when Frank opened the door, she briefly caught a glimpse of the swollen bulge in his jeans.

"Well, you see, my Aunt is the owner of the apartment complex and she would like for you to keep the noise down, if you will, please," Kirsten said nervously. Right away, Frank could smell her female ejaculation juices and saw a faint wet spot in front of her sweats. He also noticed Kirsten had a slight gap between her two front teeth while she spoke. Speaking of which, Frank remembered meeting her aunt when renting the apartment. She was a nice old lady and looked to be in her mid 50's and had shoulder-length black and grey hair, but what he remembered most of all were her mountainous breasts! Frank could see where Kirsten got her gigantic torpedoes from.
