 Some people might say that there are two types of people in this world -- leaders and followers. I tell those people they haven't met Riley Granger yet, because my long-time friend defies any description.

I met Riley when we were both sixteen and had that attitude teens have, believing that we could take on the entire world. She was brash and impudent, but only when she needed to be. If she thought her cause could be best served by remaining quiet, that's what she did. People didn't know what to make of her. I was in awe of her, despite my being nearly 6 months her junior.

Riley came from an unusual home. Her father and mother were divorced and her mother had remarried -- another woman. Back then, it wasn't legal like it is now, but for all intents and purposes, Riley's mother Silvia was married to a woman named Samantha. Here's where it gets weird -- Silvia still lived with her ex-husband, Riley's father Erik -- and so did Samantha -- who was his mistress!

Growing up in a household like that, nothing intimidated the attractive, petite brunette. The word "spitfire" was tailor-made for Riley and she wore her personality on her sleeve. Riley could not tolerate stupid people or rude people and several students -- and more than a few teachers -- were on the other end of one of Riley's tongue lashings. With Riley, respect had to be earned -- it was not given.

Naturally, with all of that going for her, plus a great butt, sexy little wiggle and gorgeous green eyes, it was inevitable that I would fall for Riley. I pined for her all throughout school, but as far as Riley was concerned, I was just a pal, someone to hang out with, grab a slice of pizza or go for coffee.

All of that changed our senior year, after we both had turned eighteen. It was a month or so before Christmas. Riley had been dating Steve Reynolds, our school president and captain of the football team. I couldn't stand him -- then or now. He was a pompous, self-important jerk at the time with too much money and too little personality. All these years later, he hasn't grown up, he's just smart enough to surround himself with employees that make up for all his shortcomings.

Anyway, just before Christmas break, I happened to be walking to my locker when I saw Steve and Riley and they were arguing -- loudly. I saw him reach for her arm and grab her and he was obviously hurting her. She let loose with a series of epithets that would have made a sailor blush. The other kids were getting out of the way, Steve weighed in at 250 pounds and stood over 6'3" tall. Not one of the kids around them was going to put a stop to this. Shit, the brain-dead morons didn't even go to get a teacher to help.

Okay, so I had to play Sir Galahad and come riding up on my white horse to save the damsel fair. I moved fast and insinuated myself between Steve and Riley. "I think the lady would like you to leave her alone, Steve," I told him. The look on his face was one of pure rage; he was going to hurt me if I pushed this any further.

"What are you going to do about it, huh Stan?" Steve said, taking a swing at me. Before he knew it, he was flying through the air and crashing hard into Lisa Benton's locker, putting a huge dent in it. As I couldn't stand the stuck-up bitch, I really didn't care. He came charging back at me, but I hit him once, twice, three times and down he went.

I had been a student of martial arts since I was 6 and was a brown belt, only a few months shy of my black belt. I didn't advertise it, because it's a handy secret to have and besides, it's supposed to be used defensively. I looked down at the dazed Steve and really, really wanted to break that rule -- but I didn't.

Then a teacher shows up, of course. He looks over at Steve, looks at me smiling with smug satisfaction and looks over at a still-shaken Riley. It was Riley and me who got hauled down to the principal's office and grilled by the VP and Principal like we'd done something wrong.

Again, they picked the wrong girl to challenge. Riley tore 'em both new holes, she could swear like a sailor when she was mad and Riley was livid. She said that "fucker Steve" almost tried to rape her and if they didn't do something, she was going to press charges and make one hell of a scandal. She told Mr. Styles that Stan had only come to her defense and that Steve, who had a good 4 inches and 50 pounds on me, had threatened me. Both of the administrators wanted to know how I managed to handle myself, so I had to come clean about the Judo and Karate. Everything I said confirmed Riley's story, so we were told to go home for the day. As we were leaving, I heard Steve's name being called over the loudspeakers and it was not in a pleasant tone.

The next day, I heard that the rotten shit had been told to step down as school president. They probably would have made him quit being captain of the football team too, but we were on a 9-game winning streak and they didn't want to lose him. I still think they were all a bunch of cowardly shits. The guy attempted to rape Riley and all they made him do is step down from a job where he basically didn't do anything in the first place.

I tried to put it out of my mind because I had exams to worry about and needed to study. A few days before exams, Riley approached me and gave me a quick peck on the cheek. "That's for last week," She smiled. "Hey, do you need someone to help you study for the French final?" She asked.

I shook my head. "I don't have to write it, remember? My mother's French, I've been bi-lingual all my life. I'm the top student in the class."

Riley looked at me like I was the biggest dunderhead in the world, which I probably was at that point. "Would you mind helping me study?" She asked. I looked at her with her skirt hiked up to there and in high heels and knew I wasn't going to pass up an opportunity like this. I nodded and she told me to be at her place at 7 PM. I was a stickler for punctuality even then, but if I wasn't, there was no way in hell I was going to miss a chance to spend as much time with Riley as I could. I rushed home, gobbled down -- something -- grabbed a quick shower and hightailed it over to Riley's.

I rang the doorbell and she yelled out "It's open." I went inside and I bet they heard my jaw hit the floor in Quebec.

Riley wasn't dressed for studying. She was wearing this two-piece lingerie top, a skimpy yellow top and at matching panties with pink bows at the sides. She smelled great and looked a bit -- wilder -- than she normally did in school. Even then, I picked up on the fact that whatever she had in mind, studying wasn't it. She walked over to me with a sensual little saunter and threw her arms around me.

"I changed my opinion about you the other day," She purred, kissing me and then leading me to the couch. "I used to think of you as a pal, but you were so cool, so strong and confident. You aren't at all like Steve, who has to prove to everyone he's this big, strong guy -- you just did what you had to do and did it. You stood up for me; do you know how cool that is to a girl?"

I went to say something, but she put a finger to my lips. "Stan, do you know what we were fighting about?" I shook my head, she went on. "He wanted me to fuck him for Christmas -- he said that we'd been going out for a month and if I cared about him, I had to fuck him. Arrogant jerk -- it's up to me to decide who I fuck, right?"

I nodded and went to speak again, but Riley was on a tear. "I'm not a virgin Stan -- I like sex and I'm good at it -- but he's not getting this body. Thing is, now all I can think about is how sexy you were yesterday and how cool you were about all of it -- and how much I want to fuck you. I think I'd like that Stan -- I know I want too -- do you want to fuck me, too?"

I'm not 100% sure about exactly what I said, but I know I sure as hell said something that made it clear just how much, because Riley began removing my shirt. "You know Stan," She giggled, "If you had been paying attention, you might have realized I had an ulterior motive. The second-highest student in our French class is me." She giggled again.

She had my shirt almost completely off when I realized it was only a bit past 7 and her parents might come in at any moment. Riley saw a brief look of panic on my face and figured it out. "Relax Stan," Riley smiled. "My parents have gone away for a few days and even if they did come in, they'd probably give us privacy. They're pretty offbeat when it comes to sex, you know?" Riley's lips were on my neck and for the first time in my life, I felt ready to have sex. I hadn't before -- not ever and boy, was I ready. It wasn't as if I hadn't dated or been interested, but my parents taught me the value of being a gentleman and I hadn't yet been with anyone who had been "ready". It was different with Riley, as she was ready and more than willing. It didn't hurt matters any that I'd been harboring a torch for her since Grade 10!

"Wow," Riley smiled as she tugged my shirt all the way off. "I had no idea you had all these muscles, that's so hot. Don't be nervous -- I know you've never had sex before, but I'll just bet you're going to be wonderful."

"How do you know I've never had sex?" I said, trying to act just a bit more macho than normal.

"Donna told me," Riley smiled at me. Donna was a friend of Riley's, a spicy little redhead I'd dated a few times in the past. "She told me that when you guys went out, she hinted that she'd be willing, but you didn't pick up on her clues."

Young guys can be a bit obtuse and I was no exception at that age. Still, it annoyed me a bit that Donna had been talking to Riley about our date. "Why was Donna talking to you about her and me?"

"Oh, just a bit of pillow talk," Riley smiled sweetly. It took a few seconds for that one to sink in.

"You and ...?" 

Riley nodded. "With a family like mine, does that surprise you?"

I guess it still did, but I tried to bluff my way through it. I'm sure Riley knew and she was kind enough not to let on. I look back at the kid I was then and I still wonder how I got through high school. I think my only saving grace back then was good manners and a good work ethic. I certainly was more clueless about women than I am now -- although does anyone really understand women completely?

Regardless, I was more than content to let the more-experienced Riley take the lead. Not only that, it gave me a chance to study her body completely. Yes, she was petite, but her body was taut and everything was proportionate. I'd noticed before what a delicious ass she had but in the skimpy undies she was wearing, I could appreciate it fully. Riley was a lovely piece of eye candy and I was going to sample every delicious bite. 

I tried to act confident, but I know now that Riley saw through all that. It didn't matter -- she was into me and I was going to get to sample all of her. It was two friends coming together in a new way and I still think that the best lovers are those who have been friends first. As Riley got me almost naked, I felt proud of myself. I took care of my body -- still do -- and despite my image in school, I knew I could compete freely with most of the jocks if I cared to. I just didn't. I wanted more out of life than the admiration of cheerleaders and sports, I wanted to be somebody.

I gave a brief thought to something. I wasn't seeing anyone, but Riley was officially still seeing Steve. I began to say something and it was as if she could read my mind. "After the other day, I am not seeing Steve -- I'm seeing you, if you want that. Don't decide now -- let me show you the full benefits of dating Riley Granger."

I knew that my reputation wouldn't suffer if that happened, but I had never been one to care about something like that. I cared more about being with someone that I cared about and that was Riley. The minute her lips touched down on my skin, my libido went into overdrive. It took all of my self-control not to rip all of her clothes off, not that she was wearing a lot of them.

Riley took care of me. Some people might think it strange, the woman being the aggressor, her taking a man's virginity, all of that -- I have never had an issue with it. Everyone has to start somewhere and Riley was almost 6 months older. She was so sensual as she stroked my cock and when she took it in her mouth, I thought that I had died and gone to heaven.

Even all these years later, I have still to find someone who matches Riley, not even my wife. She had natural instincts and put them to use as she blew me. My cock lurched and despite trying to think of baseball stats and hockey scores and the conjugation of French verbs, I came in her mouth.

Riley and I were on the same wavelength. "Don't worry about that, I expected that for your first time," She smiled at me. "It probably means you will last longer in the long run. Why don't you undress me and see what you're going to be getting from now on?"

Part of me wanted to race to strip Riley naked, but common sense prevailed and I took my time, kissing her tenderly as I undressed her. I guess my instincts were spot-on, because Riley kept giving out these encouraging little sighs and gasps. For my part, seeing the long-fantasized Riley naked was even better than the erotic dreams I'd had. She was delicious right down to her toes and the perfect first-time fuck.

"Oh Stan, you have a good touch, some of my girlfriends aren't this nice," Riley sighed. Again, hearing Riley liked women was an incredible turn-on. I hoped that at some future date, she'd tell me more, but I knew I had to concentrate on the here and now. At this moment, my own needs had to take a back seat to hers if I wanted this to proceed -- and I did. Oh boy, did I ever!

I learned my first valuable lesson that afternoon while pleasing Riley orally. That lesson is to always make sure the woman has a good cum -- if you do, she'll cum back for more. Despite my initial inexperience, I set out to make Riley squirm and she was thrashing about the couch, asking, begging, for more of my tongue. I was really pleased that she liked what I was doing to her.

"We have to go upstairs," Riley panted. "I want us to be able to move around and I don't want my folks coming home and the room reeking of sex. I can't wait to fuck you, I hope you have a big cock -- but if you don't, no worries. Once I get through teaching you, you'll know how to use your dick. No matter what size it is, you'll be able to make any woman cum for you."

Some men might have been put off by Riley's braggadocio but I wasn't one of them. At that point, I was willing to learn any lesson she wanted to teach. She was a wild, eager, talented little sex bomb who was willing to educate me -- who was I to say no? Not only that, with these kinds of lessons, I was more than willing to take extra-credit assignments.

Riley's room was huge but her dad was an architect, so they had shitloads of money. I remember that he even designed their house. She got on top of her bed and gave me that "come hither" smile that only some girls can affect and I joined her in the bed. I remember that I was actually shaking, whether it was nerves or anticipation, I can't say to this day. All I know that once I was in bed with her and we started kissing, my nervousness vanished and my desire for her overtook them. I wanted to screw her so much and make her want more so that she would keep coming back to me, over and over again. I wanted to make Steve a distant memory and on cold, lonely nights, have it be me that she thought about. I know that I was romanticizing, but I was 18, horny and foolish.

Riley began kissing me all over again, just to renew my interest -- as if it had gone anywhere. Once my cock was hard enough, she looked at me with those pretty eyes of hers and straddled my shaft. Her elfin body lowered itself down and soon she was thrusting herself against me, taking me in deep. In those days, I really didn't know how I compared with other guys, but it was still hard to believe this tiny little thing was taking all of me inside of her. She was though and the little thing was a magnificent fuck! I let her run the show entirely and whatever direction she called out, I followed to a "tee".

"Fuck, you are built for this, you gorgeous son of a bitch!" Riley hissed out, her hands running along my chest. "I wish I had known this about you a lot sooner, I'd have been in your pants before now. Oh well, hindsight is foresight -- we're fucking now and we're damned sure going to do it again!" Riley wiggled her ass and bounced up and down on me, if a guy was going to have a first fuck, he couldn't have picked a better one than her. She was fun, spirited and energetic, but she was into it and making sure I had as much fun as I was capable of having. Nor did she lord it over me that she was running the show -- she just made it seem natural, no pressure, logical because she had the experience that I lacked at that moment.

Riley fucked like she did everything, she threw herself into it entirely. I had no way to gauge her at the time, but I was soon to learn that she was far better than most girls her age or even older. During sex, she was quite capable of multi-tasking, she grabbed my hands and placed them on her tits so that I could fondle her. She and I kissed several times and when I was ready to cum, she got off me and made sure to swallow my load. "I don't like condoms much, but I don't want to be a mother just yet," She told me. After she had licked me clean, we cuddled a bit. She looked over at her clock radio and said "We still have a few more hours. Want to `study' some more?"

"Oui," I said and she laughed. We practiced our "French" for a while longer and I got out of there about 15 minutes before her family got back, so no awkward moments that night.

I did begin dating Riley and that continued into university, although we both had other adventures. I refrained from asking Riley about hers as I didn't really want to hear about her and other guys, but she always told me about her adventures with other women. Riley and I dated almost until graduation and remain close friends to this day. We still get together every so often and it's still hot when we do.

If you're wondering how my wife feels about that, it's a non-issue. Veronica was one of those "other women" Riley partied with and it was she that introduced us. They have their own get-togethers as well and sometimes I'm invited along. Those are the best times for all of us -- three close friends getting as close as they possibly can.