 You kiss me passionately and tell me that today I am going to overcome my insecurities. You want me to feel comfortable around you, secure in my own skin. You know how I currently feel so unsettled about my body, how I compare it to yours that I view as so exquisite and flawless. I look at my own body and feel only shame. 

You know me well. You have observed the way my mind works and the way I respond to set stimuli. You understand the line between my fantasies and my fears. You know how to dance along the edges without pushing me too far. With this in mind you have a specific game to play to restore my confidence and push me into comfortable sensuality. 

You make me sit on the edge of your large bed while you cross the room to sit on a chair directly across me. Your large four-poster frame bed in all its dark satin seems to swallow up my petite frame. I look vulnerable sitting there, vulnerable with a heavy hint of eagerness. 

"Now take your shirt off," you speak. It isn't a request, your voice is hardened and firm and I know it is an order. I slowly take it off for you, out to please you as much as I can. I let the shirt drop to the ground, and it is a quick fluid motion yet immediately you see my hands go up to cover my revealed small perky breasts. You shake your head at me and I force my arms to awkwardly rest by my side. 

You stare at me like this, for what seems like hours. The silence in the room thuds in my ears and I feel my nipples harden in the cool air. When you speak, again no emotion is revealed and you tell me to pinch my nipples for you. It takes me a moment but I nervously run my hands upward, first to cup each breast and then I let my fingers pinch and pull at each erect nipple. 

"Don't stop," you tell me and without taking your eyes off of me you start to undo your belt. I continue squeezing and pulling at my breasts, watching as you slip your hands down your pants and pull out your hardened member. You sit there, across from me, and begin stroking your cock, the movement of your hands urging me to pull even harder on my nipples. 

I can only hungrily stare at your cock as my hands cover my breasts, massaging my perky little mounds. You know the look in my eyes and you stand up, walking till you are directly across from me, so close to me yet not touching, and still holding your thick cock in your hands. 

I am so hot watching you like that. You recognize the look in my eyes and you know what I wish to be doing to you, how it tortures me in fact to have my hands on myself instead of on your body. You take your cock in your hands and push it towards my body, rubbing its thick head in the space between my breasts. I move my hand out to touch you, to hold you, but you nudge me away firmly. My hands drop to the side submissively and you take your cock and rub its pre cum into my breasts. 

My pussy begins to ache with a desire to take you inside me and to tease me even farther you take your beautiful cock and begin to rub it over my face, sliding its head across my smooth cheeks, running it over my lips quickly. My mouth is open and you let your cock slide quickly in-between my thick lips.....You let me take a quick suck but then you have quickly pulled yourself past my lips. I moan in disappointment and it makes you smile and it makes the fire in your loin burn fiercer. 

You manage control though and in a second you are back across the room seated in your distant chair. I am left sitting by myself, so hungry, so wet, with only the salty remain of your taste across my lips. 

Now you command me to slip out of my pants. I shyly undo my jeans and push them down around my ankles. I step my feet out of them and push them off to the side. I am now sitting naked on your bed save for a tiny red thong I wear. 

You make me stand up then and turn around slowly for you, my hands at my side, showing off my body for your eyes. I am nervous and I feel awkward and nervously exposed like this. 

You tell me next that I can sit back down but that I have to take my thong off for you. You tell me that immediately after I take my thong off I have to sit back and spread my legs for you. You tell me I have to sit there with my legs spread and hold my lips open so you can see for yourself how wet my fuck hole is from this teasing. 

I am shaking from both excitement and fear as I pull down the tiny fabric covering my body. I step out of the last covering of modesty and I feel so painfully exposed. I sit there before you, my legs only partly spread, feeling too nervous and vulnerable to go any farther. 

You cross the room and are beside me again and this time you force your strong leg in-between my own. Your leg forces my own legs to move apart. "If you do not show me your hungry little cunt, I will not stick my cock inside you tonight," you speak the words firmly to me, and then walk back to your seat, letting your threat sink into me. 

You turn back to look at me and my hands have nervously moved to my thighs. My nails are bright red, stark contrast against the white creamy skin of my thighs. I move my legs farther apart and finally my hands go down to pull open my outer lips. My tawny pink cunt is glittering with wetness, just as you expected it to be. I feel so naughty sitting there exposed like that. Wondering what I look from your view and wondering if you are enjoying the sight of my body. 

While you are in fact enjoying me like this you wish to make me enjoy it nearly as much as you are. You leave the room for a minute and tell me to continue to keep my cunt lips spread open. You return bearing a large mirror, which you set down in front of me. I wince and look away from the mirror, not wishing to see my body revealed in full before my eyes. 

You let me keep my eyes facing just past where the mirror was propped but you command me to start rubbing my clit. I am less hesitant with this command as I am hot and wet and my clit has been begging to be touched, rubbed, and mauled at. 

You come around behind me on the bed and seat yourself against me, one leg on each side of my body. You are silent but your gestures are speaking loudly, you begin to play with my hair, stroke the skin of my smooth back, and rub my shoulders, egging me on to only maul my clit harder. 

I feel you bring your mouth down to my bare shoulder, pushing my long thick hair to the side, I feel your hot breath on my skin, you nibble my shoulder gently, teasingly and then you command me to slip a finger inside myself. 

My opening is dripping wet and one of my thin fingers easily slips into myself. "Fuck yourself," you whisper into my ear. My hips are quick to thrust against the finger buried deeply inside my wet tight hole. I feel so daring doing this act in front of the mirror that I know you are looking into. I am still fucking the finger inside me as I take a quick peek at the mirror. My face is flushed, my eyes wild, my skin glowing with a slight moistness. I look primal, wild, and almost crazed. 

I can feel an orgasm building up inside my body and all I can focus on is fucking my wet cunt. "Insert another finger," you tell me, bringing your hands up from behind to rub my breasts. 

I don't even hesitate before ramming another finger into my pussy, which I quickly fuck up against. My thrusts are deep and forward and I become so caught up in the passion that with my other hand I begin rubbing my clit. I am going at it furiously, knowing that I will reach my peak soon, when you tell me to open my eyes and to watch myself in the mirror. You push my head in the direction and I open my eyes to again see that fiery image of me masturbating furiously. Red spots begin to dance before my eyes and I realize that I have begun to moan loudly. All I am aware of is the image of myself in the mirror, the wet sloshing sound of my fingers fucking into my pussy, and the primal noises that are coming from my mouth. 

Next thing I know, I have been thrown up against the bed, my head landing in the pile of plush pillows. You straddle me with your naked body; I feel your hard cock pressed up against my dripping slit. "You are beautiful," you moan into my ear and pressing your full weight against my body, your cock rams into my pussy and immediately I feel the release of the climax that had been building up inside me. I am screaming into your chest, running my nails up and down your back, and all you continue to do is thrust into my cunt. My body is on fire with a passion I have never felt before. I finally feel completely free, completely comfortable with my body and with giving myself over to passion. I look to the side of the room as I scream another orgasm into the air, and I look straight into the mirror, where I can see your strong body ramming into my own, my legs wrapped around you and pulsating into the air. I feel complete in this moment, completely alive and in tune with life's passions.