 Since that hellish Monday in the office when John had banged his receptionist Mickie that very first time, they would often meet for sex over the next several months; they had to keep their sexual encounters discreet since he was going through a divorce, but she didn't mind.

As long as she got a good fucking from John at least twice a week, complaining about discretion was the furthest thing from Mickie's mind. 

Meanwhile, he was happy to find a woman that loved not only giving head, but also fucking him and taking his cock up her ass, any time and anywhere. What a change from his uptight, soon to be ex-wife!

One afternoon, they had had a blow job and tit fucking session during lunch; Mickie had started off taking it all of his cock in her mouth, sucking it hardly with her lips covering it.

Her tongue moved over his shaft quickly, her hand sliding between John's legs and caressing his balls, finally letting go to lick down his dick towards his sack, licking over them and between his legs to his ass.

John let out a groan as Mickie had once again began licking up to his dick, over it and up to his stomach, pressing her tits to his cock.

"Lay back," he told her huskily. "I want to put my cock between those beautiful boobs of yours."

Mickie complied, taking his dick with her hand to move it over her nipples, stroking it with her hand while pressing it between her tits.

John began to thrust between those massive melons while she held them together, licking the tip of his fuck tool each time it thrust through her cleavage.

Soon tired of being tit fucked, Mickie let her breasts fall apart, moving her hands to his ass and holding it while her mouth downed John's dick again, taking it all in, pushing it deep inside, sucking harder and faster as he straddled her face.

He was feeling his cock growing still harder; Mickie heard him breathing hard and then feeling the cum rising, pulled out of her mouth and shot a large load of jizz on her tits before John collapsed on the floor beside Mickie, feeling absolutely relieved.

----------------------

He had met her again that night after work at her place, since her roommate was out of town, they would have the place to themselves.

Within minutes of his arrival, they were in her bedroom and naked; Mickie bouncing up and down on his rock-hard pole. 

She was grunting as she was giving his dick the ride of its life, John was rubbing her clit as he watched Mickie's tits bounce with every thrust she pushed down on him, thrusting harder until she came all over his cock. 

Coming down from her orgasm, she climbed off of him. He knew what she wanted next.

"John, I want you to fuck my ass now," Mickie told him as she got into a doggie-style position. 

He was in pure heaven, watching his lover beg for his dick in her chute. 

He quickly mounted her from behind, his prick disappearing in Mickie's plump ass in one quick thrust. 

John watched his cock disappear into his horny receptionist and started picking up the speed of his thrusts. Just before he let out a grunt, Mickie had begun to climax again.

"Fuck your whore of a re-SEX-onist good! Make me your slut! Come on, John, make me cum!"

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh....Mickie!" John called as he pumped in and out of her. "You are such a great fuck! I want to shoot off in your ass!"

"That's it, baby," Mickie answered back. "I want to feel you cum!"

Although her face was buried in a pillow, he could see that she was having yet another orgasm. She loved getting anal, and John was the best at giving it to her. Mickie never remembered being so orgasmic with any other guy.

"Johnnnnnnnn!!! I'm cummingggggggggggggg!!" she screamed in the pillow.

Hearing her get off, John fucked her even more furiously. A few more quick hard thrusts, and he was blasting white-hot cum into her ass.

"Yes!" she cried. "Cum in me!" 

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh...!" John moaned as his jism filled her bowels.

Mickie's orgasm never subsided as John's cum filled her ass, until his final thrust pushed his cock all the way up to the balls into her chute, where it stayed.

She slowly brought her full, sexy body down to the bed and her John had followed her, never pulling his now-spent cock out of her, until it slipped out of her ass on its own as they lay together on the bed. 

Both were so exhausted that it was only natural that they fell asleep in each other's arms.

---------------------------

John had been incredibly horny that following Monday, not able to concentrate on the preparations for an important meeting that afternoon.

He had buzzed Mickie, being Stephanie the Stupid wasn't available, as usual. 

She walked into his office, smiling as always and asked if there was something he needed.

John had Mickie lock the door then kissed her hard, raping her mouth with his tongue while pushing up her skirt and then shoving her back on the desk.

John then climbed right up, grinding into her as he kissed Mickie's neck, pulling off her blouse and rubbed her tits. 

While he sucked on her tits and rubbed against her, John reached down and unzipped his pants and pushed them and his underwear down as far they would go, freeing his now very hard cock, before letting his pants drop to his ankles.

He then took off Mickie's blouse and bra before he peeled off her panties, staring at her naked pussy before he started rubbing it, teasing her a little before she came.

John leaned in and pushed the head of his cock into her now-wet, willing and waiting pussy while his spare hand squeezed each tit.

"I'm not the only one that needed this, huh, baby?" he growled down at her.

"Fuck me, John. Fuck me right here, right now." 

"Oh, baby, I'll give you a fuck right on this desk like you never had before," he said.

He was really into fucking her right there on his desk as he slammed in and out of her, Mickie gasping and moaning with each thrust of John's prick sliding in and out of her wet, hot pussy.

Mickie spread her legs wider and into the air as he repeatedly shoved his cock in and out of her, biting her lip to prevent crying out in orgasm and risking anyone hearing them fucking. 

John then thrust his hips into Mickie's, continuing to pound her pussy, grunting and sighing he relentlessly rammed into her, making Mickie go into yet another orgasm. 

Finally, after fucking her for a good fifteen minutes, John hissed, "I'm ready to cum."

Within seconds, he had pulled out, stood up and jerked his member a few times before spewing large gobs of spunk all over Mickie's stomach and huge tits.

After he had given a few more thrusts, his cock finally drained, John pulled up his pants, zipping them.

Mickie got off the desk, went into his private wash room to clean the cum off herself, and then put her own clothes back on.

"Thank you, Mickie," he said with a satisfied smile when she opened the door to leave. "You've been a great help." 

"Is there anything else you need?" she asked, a gleam in her eye.

"I guess that's all I'll be needing. Thanks for your help again."

John then finished his preparations before he went up to the meeting.

Mickie had gone back out front to her desk, getting back to work as she still felt the tingling from John's cock being in her not long before.....and would be in her many, many times afterwards. 

She knew exactly how to keep him coming back for more.