 It had been a bitter cold winter, the kind were lakes froze solid and women wrapped up their children in layer upon layer of clothing, even a chill could prove fatal. Glittering icicles hung from branches and pathways were slippery with ice. 

Caitlin lay in her narrow bed, thin blankets pulled up to her chin, trying to ignore the cold. Even with a thick corded sweatshirt over her nightgown and several pairs of woolen stockings, she shivered and her teeth chattered.

Her thoughts were drawn to the fire she knew was blazing in the study downstairs. As she thought of the warmth of the flames, Caitlin bit her lip and drew the blanket tighter still to her chest. It would be no good, she knew. It was set to be another frozen night without sleep. In the morning, she would suffer and the mistress would punish her sorely, yet again. Caitlin winced at the memory.

The wind howled outside, rattling the glass in the windowpane. The grandfather clock on the landing below struck eleven o'clock. Caitlin sighed, the night had barely begun yet she felt as if she had lain in her bed hours yet. It wouldn't do, she had to find some way of getting warm. A half hour spent by the fire in the study wouldn't hurt. No one should miss her. 

Tentatively, Caitlin pushed back her blanket and rose to her feet. As the floorboards creaked slightly, she held her breath before taking another step. The lamps were dim, just giving her enough light to see where she was going. Down the stairs, she felt her bare feet make contact with the carpeted flooring as she reached the second floor landing. The light was still on in the master bedroom, Caitlin noticed as she slipped noiselessly past.

Down two more flights of stairs, her heart in her throat the entire time, Caitlin reached the heavy mahogany door of the study. Reaching for the brass doorknob, she turned it slightly to the left and it clicked open. Hastily, she closed the door behind her and ran toward the hearth. The fire was burning brightly, the heat hitting her immediately like a blanket of warmth. She settled to her knees, resting her head against the wall, letting her eyes lull closed as she savoured the blazing fire. 

Footsteps in the hall woke her, heavy thunderous strides across the floorboards. Fear rose in Caitlin's throat, how could she have been foolish enough to let herself fall asleep. Someone would surely find her; she could only imagine what her punishment would be. Caitlin bit her tongue, backing in an alcove with terror. The footsteps came to the door and it swung open, revealing a tall figure carrying a lamp in one hand.

"What the bloody hell are you doing here?" Boomed the master, his eyes staring into her fiercely. 

"Please, Mr. Carson...I only came down to check the fire; honest...I'll be going now, sorry sir...." She pleaded but he ignored her, roughly pulling her to her feet.

"Who are you?" He said.

"Caitlin sir, I'm so sorry....I do beg your pardon, I didn't mean...."

"Be quiet, I do not want to hear your lies. Do you think me a fool?" His face was stony, as if daring her to question him.

"No sir...of course not, sorry sir, it won't happen..."

"You do understand that no servant is allowed in my study without my permission?" 

"Yes sir, I know that sir,"

"Then why, might I ask, do you happen to be in here at this ungodly hour?" He thrust towards a clock on the wall, the minute hand just reaching 5 minutes past three.

"I...It was only..." Caitlin stuttered, willing herself not to cry.

"Don't bother, it doesn't matter. All that matters is that you deliberately disobeyed house rules. Therefore, you must be punished," He said, staring at her with eyes full of emotion Caitlin could not place.

"Please sir, I'm so sorry...I didn't mean to...please sir," She said, her words all running into one.

Mr. Carson stood silently for a time, his head bowed as if in deep thought. Caitlin's heart pounded in her chest as she waited. 

"I will devise a suitable punishment for you tomorrow. Please get out of my sight," He said finally, dismissing her with a wave of his hand.

She rose to her feet and dashed from the room, making hasty strides up the staircase. It felt as if a hot coal were in the pit of her stomach. Brushing a tear from her eyes, she climbed into her narrow bed for the second time that evening. Fear rose in her throat, making it impossible for her to sleep at all. All night till the morning sun rose, she lay there contemplating whatever terrible punishment awaited her the following day.

The next morning, Caitlin scrubbed the kitchen floor with vigour, desperate not to get into anymore trouble. The day wore on and still she waited to be called to the master's office. Dread wound itself into a coil in her stomach, like a spring ready to snap.

Her whole body ached as she threw herself into her chores, all the time counting the minutes till she was back in his study. She saw his cold eyes staring at her everywhere she looked, sending terrified shivers down her spine.

As she climbed the stairs to her attic room that evening, Caitlin felt a heavy hand upon her shoulder. She span around, staring into the same ice blue eyes that had haunted her all day. Her stomach turned over and she stood quaking before him.

"Come to my office in ten minutes," He said coarsely and descended the stairs to the hallway.

With a cloud of dread hanging over her, Caitlin sat on her bed, waiting as the minutes ticked by agonizingly slowly. Finally, ten minutes passed and she took the stairs to the study. He sat in his large chair by the fire, waiting.

"Sit," He said, patting the arm of his chair.

She sat uneasily, aware that his arm lay next to her thigh. Her heart fluttered uncontrollably and her breathing escalated into rasping gasps.

"Answer me truthfully, why did I find you in my study yesterday evening?" He asked.

"I...It was bitterly cold in my attic room, I only thought to seek the warmth of the fire for a few moments sir. I must have fallen asleep..." She trailed off.

"Is it so very cold in your room, Caitlin?" He murmured, his voice low and husky.

"Y-yes sir," She fumbled.

"Is that why you wear this hideous sweater?" He trailed a long finger lightly across the sweater's surface.

"Yes sir," 

"Stand before me Caitlin," He said and she rose from her seat on the arm of the chair. "Remove that vile sweater."

With one swift motion, she pulled off the sweater, dropping it to the floor. The air was cold in the study without the fire blazing and she shivered slightly.

"Is it cold in my study Caitlin?" He asked.

"Yes sir, though not as cold as I find my attic room often," 

"It is really so awfully chilly in that small room?"

"Yes sir, it makes your bones ache with such cold,"

"Is that why you wear such thick woolen stockings?" He asked.

"It is sir,"

"Remove them Caitlin, your stockings, take them off," He commanded.

Wordlessly, she slipped the stockings down her legs and dropped them by the sweater on the floor. Instantly, goose pimples rose on her flesh and she shuddered.

"The air is icy this evening, is it miss?" His eyes stared straight into her own and she dropped her gaze. "Look into my eyes please,"

With reluctance, Caitlin raised her eyes once again. He sat in his high backed chair, golden hair slicked back elegantly. His jaw was chiseled and square, those harsh, cold eyes piercing into her. 

"Is your dress so thin you feel this frozen draft miss?" His eyes were intense and Caitlin felt herself sway slightly.

"Yes, I am afraid so sir," 

"Remove it please," 

She stopped, shock creeping through her body. Surely he could not...

"Yes Caitlin, remove the dress please,"

Shaking, she unbutton the thin material and pulled it over her head. She stood before him in just her shift and undergarments, no single patch of her flesh not covered by goose pimples. 

He drew in his breath, taking in her form outlined in the scandalously thin material of her shift. Round, womanly hips leading up to a thin waist. Curvaceous, pert breasts, the nipples poking out slightly. Her legs were shapely and lean, he grinned ever so slightly. Nineteen and ripe for the picking, he had to have her.

"You are shivering Caitlin, it cannot truly be so freezing in this room?" The corners of his mouth turned up, as if smiling.

"It is sir, I can assure you," She stuttered, unable to stop her teeth from clattering.

"Your shift is so very thin, it would make no difference if you took it off. Do so please Caitlin," 

Her breath caught in her throat, colour rising to her cheeks. But she complied, revealing herself to her master. His eyes scanned over her, filled with something she could not place. An almost...hunger.

"Why you must be frozen, let me warm you," He made no efforts to hide his grin as his crossed the room toward her.

He lay a soft hand on her arm, Caitlin shuddered uncontrollably yet it was not due to the bitter cold. Her skin tingled and warmed at his touch. Looking deep into her eyes, he lowered his head and kissed her breast. She watched in fascination as he took her long, hardened nipple into his mouth and kissed it in turn. An electric pulse ran through her body and her knees buckled beneath her.

"You must be exhausted, would you like a seat?" He said, smirking slightly.

He led her to soft couch, lying her back upon it as he watched her intently. She shut her eyes as his lips closed around her nipple once more in another sweet kiss. A soft moan escaped her lips and he kissed it again, lightly running his fingertips over the other. Sensations so strange yet wonderful ran through Caitlin's body, a fire burning in the pit of her stomach. 

Slowly, he kissed his way up her chest and neck, till he reached her lips. There, he placed a kiss so light yet so sweet her heart fluttered like a bird. 

"Are you still cold?" He asked in a hushed, rasping voice.

Without waiting for an answer, he deftly lowered his head and flicked her nipple with his tongue. Caitlin moaned and he continued with his assault, caressing and flicking each nipple in turn. 

As he did so, she felt a heat rising between her legs. A feeling of something damp in her undergarments. The master obviously felt it to for he trailed his lips to her waistband, easing it over her hips and down her legs. The cool breeze of air against her most secret places filled her with warmth and so many strange feelings it shocked her.

"Yes, you are very cold indeed," He murmured.

Then, he bowed down and placed a kiss between her thighs. Caitlin tipped her head back and bit back a cry. Soaring heights of sweet feelings trembled through her body. He stroked up the sides of her legs and thighs, as he reached the top each time; planting a small kiss on her secret place. Until, eventually, she gave a moan of frustration and pent up emotion. He gazed into her eyes a moment and pulled back her legs.

He knelt closer and ran a finger up her. She shuddered uncontrollably. After what seemed like hours, he ran his finger down. And then up once more. Finally, he placed a kiss at her spot of most burning desire. She whimpered and clutched at the couch. 

Then, without warning, he ran his tongue down the length of her secret place. She groaned, arching her back to meet his tongue. He continued to use to his tongue to tease her until eventually settling down on that hardened nub of flesh that send glorious tremors down her body with each flick of his tongue.

Caitlin felt as if she were soaring, higher and higher. Reaching new peaks, moaning and squirming as she did so. His tongue doing devastatingly wonderful things between her legs. The fire burning in the pitch of her belly grew and grew till she felt she might explode.

With a loud moan, he flicked his tongue over her once more and something within her burst. Throughout her body she felt the most intense, marvelous feelings of sweet pleasure billowing and boiling over and over and over. She bit her lip to hide the screams and cries escaping her lips. Her back arched as the pleasure continued, unceasing and filling her with warmth and joyous, wonderful pleasure.

Eventually, the feelings ebbed and she let her head loll back, exhausted. He placed one last kiss between her thighs and raised his head to kiss her lips. He tasted sweet and strange, musky almost. 

"Are you still cold?" He whispered.

To be continued...