 "Where have you been, I've been waiting for forever."

"I told you I had to work late."

I pushed the door shut behind him and grabbed his hips. I leaned into him, kissing him hard, hungrily, and my tongue pushing against his lips, into his mouth.

"I missed you too," he said laughing. "Wow. Welcome home."

"Come on sailor, you've got some work to do."

I turned off the the stove, the last thing I wanted happening was the fire department breaking down the door because I burned dinner. I grabbed him by the hand, leading him through the apartment, to the bedroom. 

We stood next to each other, only the light from a couple of candles dancing across the walls and the ceiling.

"Very romantic," he said.

"There' no romance tonight, mister," I said as I started undressing him. The tie was off; the shirt was thrown onto the floor.

"Where's the seduction."

I grabbed at his crotch and felt his cock, hard, thick in my hand.

"You don't want to be seduced; you want the same thing I want."

I dropped his pants and pushed him onto the bed. I slid off my sleep pants and camisole and straddled him. I ground my pussy against his cock. I arched my back and pinched my nipples, while I slid back and forth along his cock. I stopped for a moment and spit on my hand and smeared my saliva along the shaft. I started to slide on him again, his cock fitting perfectly along my slit. As I thrust forward, his head would rub my clit, teasing it at first, so I rocked faster, with longer strokes, letting the head of his cock push against my clit hard, and then I just stayed in that one spot, the long strokes abandoned and I rubbed against the head of his cock hard and fast.

It started in my pussy, an overwhelming rush of warmth and wetness that made my clit tingle and my legs go numb and a wave of heat rushed up my body to my belly and breasts, flushing my face and I moaned and fell forward onto him.

"Wow, that was great."

"Glad I could help."

"You're not done yet." I kissed him hard, all tongue and lips, nothing gentle or sweet. Just raw. "Fuck me."

"Is that what you want? To be fucked?"

"Yes," I hissed. "Fuck me right now."

"Sorry, I need more direction than that. You're going to have to tell me exactly what you want." He tried to hide it, but he smiled. "You've been here, thinking about this, probably playing with yourself a little, and getting worked up, so you know exactly what you want."

"I want you to fuck me!" I reached down and felt his cock, still hard after riding on top of him. I moved between his legs and took it in my mouth, sucking him, sliding him in and out of my mouth, getting his cock slick and wet.

"I want you to take that big cock of yours and stick it in my cunt and don't stop until I'm filled with cum. Clear enough for you?"

In a single move that combined ballet and wrestling he flipped me and pinned himself against me. He reached down and put his cock against my pussy, rubbing the head against my still sensitive clit.

"Is this what you want little girl. This big cock in that tight little cunt of yours? Is it? Is this what you really want? "

"Yes."

"Say it."

"Fuck me. Now."

He pushed in hard, sliding in deep, grinding against me. He was huge, bigger than usual, and he felt grand. He knelt up and lifted my hips as he started to pump into me, slamming his cock into my cunt. Just the way I wanted him to do it. I pinched my nipples, hard, and I felt another wave wash over my body shooting like a spark from my nipples to my pussy.

He pulled out of me and I grabbed at his cock, trying to get it back. A wicked smile crossed his face and he flipped me over and pulled me to my hands and knees.

"Did you think about doing it like this?"

"No."

"Like a slut. Taken from behind?"

"No."

He slapped my ass as he slid his cock in and out of my tight, wet hole. He wrapped his arm around my waist, holding me up, putting pressure on my clit as he pounded me.

"You like it, though, don't you?"

"Yes," I said, my voice soft as I breathed hard, concentrating on the feeling in my cunt.

"I didn't hear what you said."

"Yes."

"Yes what?"

"I like it."

"Like what?"

"I like you fucking me."

We were both breathing hard, our bodies covered in a patina of perspiration. He pulled out of me, rolled me over and made me guide him into me sweet spot.

"Do you know what I'm doing to do?" he asked, his pupils large.

"Cum in me?

"Yes."

"Oh please. Please. Come in me. Fill me up."

He grabbed my hips, and I really don't know where he got the strength, but he slammed into me hard three times, his cock sliding over my clit each time, triggering my third orgasm. I felt his cock swell in me, filling me, and I felt the cum spurt into me.

We woke later, a mix and mingle of limbs and sweat and sex. I kissed him on the lips.

"That was fun."

"So, for future reference, just where did that come from?"

"I bought an erotic novel online today. Thought we'd recreate it scene by scene."

"Let's keep it available as a reference."