 Hearing her name being called, Lorna stood up and turned round. "Sorry I'm a bit late," Martin said as he closed the distance between them, "the traffic was absolutely horrendous!" They hugged and exchanged a brief kiss, then stood back, each looking at the other.

"Oh, you're forgiven, I guess," she replied with a smile, "But I was beginning to feel stood up."

"Like I'd ever do that to you," Martin said. "You haven't changed a bit," he added as he cast an appraising eye over Lorna, smiling the same slightly lopsided smile that she had always found so endearing. "And don't bother lying to me by saying I haven't either."

"Don't worry," Lorna replied with a wicked grin, "I wasn't going to." She stuck her tongue out then added, "You are looking well though," as she stepped forward to hug him again.

They ordered their drinks and found a quiet table. As they drank, they reminisced about the times they had had together when they were students, about what mutual friends had done, and how their lives had changed in the years since the had last seen each other. As they talked they moved, imperceptibly closer to each other. Occasionally, Lorna would rest her hand on Martin's thigh, or lift it to brush a stray hair from his face. Every now and then, Martin would brush his foot against hers and lean into her as she talked. Neither of them seemed to notice these little intimacies.

"You know," Lorna said absently, "you still have really lovely eyes. I've always loved those deep brown eyes of yours."

Martin laughed. "I do remember you mentioning that on occasion," he replied. "Any other bits of me you had any particular fondness for?" he added with a mischievous grin.

Lorna actually blushed. "Oh hell yeah," she replied, "there were definitely other bits of you I really liked. Bits that turned me on and made me feel really good."

"Care to elaborate?"

"Oh, I think you know exactly what I'm talking about," she said coyly. "In fact," she continued with a very pointed glance in the direction of his groin, "it would appear that that bit of you seems to remember too."

It was Martin's turn to blush. "Don't worry," Lorna said soothingly, "I'll take it as a compliment, for now..." Without warning, she leant forward and kissed him.

The kiss became passionate. Martin responded to Lorna's touch, pressing his lips firmly against hers. Suddenly he broke away. "Lorna... I can't... I mean I shouldn't... I'm sorry, I..."

"Ssh!" Lorna said soothingly, putting a finger to his lips. "It's all right. I want this," she purred softly, "don't you?"

"Well yes, I mean no, I mean... Oh damn Lorna, yes I want it but...I mean... Well, you're married."

"So? He's not here and you are. I'm not going to tell him," she replied, "and, besides, it won't be the first time you've had me when I've been with someone else, will it?"

"No, true," Martin admitted, "But this is different. We were younger then and you're married now."

"Married, seeing someone, what's the difference? You know me, I've never been very good at monogamy and you've always had an effect on me and you still do. From the moment I first saw you again this evening, I knew where it would end up."

"I... I don't know, Lorna. Somehow it feels different, to me anyway."

"Look," she said soothingly, "Brian's a good man and he knows about my weaknesses and indulges me. Actually, it's a two way thing; we indulge each other. The success of our relationship is that we both know what to turn a blind eye to."

"Well, um..."

Lorna cut off any further protests with another kiss. There was an almost audible snap as the last barriers of his resistance crumbled and he began to respond with increasing passion. Feeling her passion flare, she pushed him away. "Let's get out of here so we can get properly reacquainted," she whispered huskily, her cheeks flushed with arousal.

Rising to her feet, Lorna took Martin's hand and quickly led him out of the bar and through the corridor to her room. Once inside, they tumbled on to the bed, their lips pressed firmly together.

As they kissed Lorna's fingers deftly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his firmly muscled chest. She let her fingers explore and gently caress his skin as their lips pressed ever more firmly together.

"Oh Lorna," Martin moaned softly then began to nuzzle her neck. Lorna felt him begin to undo her blouse. His hands slipped inside to gently, lovingly cup her breasts, still contained inside the soft, silky material of her bra. Tilting his head forward, Martin began to kiss the swell of her breasts. As he did, Lorna reached behind her back to release the bra clasp. She struggled out of her blouse, still kissing and nibbling his neck as his tongue licked over the exposed area of her breasts, moaning softly as she felt his lips warm against her soft skin.

With her blouse lying crumpled on the bed, Martin pushed the straps of Lorna's bra down over her shoulders. It fell away. "Ooooh," she gasped as he ran the flats of his hands over her nipples, teasing them gently as they stiffened between his fingers.

Martin dipped his head lower and began to lick and suck on Lorna's breasts. A warm feeling began to spread over and through her as she let her hands fall to his lap and began to undo his trousers. "Ohhhh, Martin!!!" she gasped as he cupped her breasts in his hands and began to nibble gently on her nipples.

Lost in a haze of aroused anticipation, Lorna's fingers sought out Martin's cock and released it from its confinement. She stroked it lightly, feeling it stiffen in her hand as Martin's tongue traced a path back and forth across her breasts, making its way from one nipple to the other; her excitement mounting with each timeless second that passed.

Lorna managed to disentangle herself from Martin and slid off the bed, positioning herself between his legs.

"Hmmm, this brings back memories," she said, giving Martin a cheeky wink as she took his cock in her hand and began to stroke it lightly. She leaned forward and began to run her tongue up his shaft.

"Oh Lorna," Martin sighed as her tongue swirled around the head of his cock and lightly flicked over the slit at its tip. Lorna licked her lips then opened her mouth as wide as she could. She stretched her lips around his thick shaft and slid as much of it as she could into her mouth.

Martin sighed as Lorna worked her lips slowly up and down, sucking hard as his cock slid in and out of her mouth. He gasped as her tongue swirled over and around the swollen head. "Oh fuck, Lorna," he moaned as she took him deep, "that's so, so good!"

With her lips stretched wide around his thick shaft, Lorna found herself only able to suck his cock for a few minutes before her mouth began to ache. Reluctantly she let it slip from between her lips. She leaned forward, pressing herself firmly against him. Martin's cock nestled between her breasts. Pushing them together, Lorna began to rub them up and down the length of his shaft.

"Oh fuck that feels good," sighed Martin as he wanked him with her breasts.

"I'm so glad you think so," Lorna replied, her lashes fluttering playfully over her ice-blue eyes, "I seem to remember you used to love fucking my tits."

Squeezing her nipples as she worked her breasts up and down the sides of his prick, Lorna felt her own desire begin to swell. At the bottom of each stroke the tip of his cock was directly in front of her mouth and Lorna flicked her tongue over it, bringing appreciative gasps from Martin's mouth.

Up and down, over and over, his cock slid along her cleavage. Drops of pre-cum oozed from his cock and Lorna lapped them up eagerly, savouring their hot, salty flavour.

"Oh Lorna!" Martin groaned as his cock throbbed between her breasts. "I can't take any more," he moaned, "I have to cum."

Lorna's pussy throbbed, crying out to be filled with Martin's cock. His impending climax heightened her own almost overpowering sense of arousal. Somewhat ruefully, from the way his breath came in gasps and the way that his cock twitched between her breasts she realised that he was too close to boiling point and the hard, satisfying fuck that she craved would have to wait. She smiled up at him. "Cum in my mouth," she said softly before wrapping her lips around the head of his cock once again.

Sucking hard and flicking her tongue over the sensitive slit, Lorna began to wank him with one hand. As her fingers pumped up and down she gently squeezed his balls with her free hand. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh Lorna!" he moaned as his cock began to twitch even more violently. Lorna felt Martin's body stiffen. His fingers clutched the edge of the bed, his knuckles turning white as he struggled to hold back as long as possible.

As Martin fought to delay his release, Lorna took her hand from his balls and began to finger her pussy under her skirt. She slipped her fingers inside her knickers, their fabric already soaked with her juices that flowed freely over her fingers as she began rubbing her clit with increasing urgency.

Suddenly, she felt his balls contract. With her fingers wrapped around his shaft Lorna felt his cum surge up through his cock. As the first jet of his hot fluid erupted into her mouth, Lorna drove her fingers into her pussy, igniting her own orgasm.

Shaking as her climax gripped her, Lorna swallowed quickly as a torrent of cum pumped from Martin's cock and into her hungry mouth. Jet after hot, sticky jet shot over her tongue as she endeavoured to swallow it all while savouring the sensations of her own release.

The flood from Martin's cock eventually slowed to a trickle. Lorna's fingers skilfully milked the last remaining drops of cum from his cock. She let it collect in her mouth, savouring its flavour before swallowing it down. Her jaws ached as she let his cock slip from between my lips. Her body still trembled as she let the energy of her own climax slowly dissipate.

Martin smiled down at her. "Fuck Lorna, that was wonderful," he said. "You've no idea how much I needed that."

She smiled back. "Glad to have been of service," she said as she got up and sat next to him on the edge of the bed. "I trust my abilities haven't diminished with age?" she asked coyly.

Martin kissed her lightly on the cheek. "Not at all," he replied. "In fact, if anything, you were even better than I remembered." He kissed her again then added, "I hope your husband realises just how lucky he is."

Lorna smiled. "Don't worry, he does," she replied with a smile. Then, effecting an almost convincing look of angelic innocence she added, "Why do you think he married me in the first place? It certainly wasn't for my cooking skills!"

"That's probably true," Martin replied with a wicked grin. "You always could manage to burn water," he added.

"Swine!" Lorna cried, playfully slapping Martin's shoulder.

"It's true, admit it," Martin teased, "I don't think I've ever known anyone quite as inept as you in the kitchen." He paused, planting a kiss on Lorna's forehead. "At least where cooking was concerned," he added, "You were quite creative in other areas as I remember."

"Heartless beast," Lorna cried, almost but not quite managing to sound genuinely hurt.

"Guilty as charged," Martin replied. He kissed her cheek softly then said, "And now, I guess I should repay the compliment."

"Yes you should," she replied, "and since I'm going to have to wait for you to get hard again before you give me the fuck I need so badly, the very least you can do is give my pussy a good tongue lashing."

Martin laughed then kissed Lorna again, slowly at first but with ever increasing intensity. With their lips locked together, he gently pushed her backwards until she lay flat out on the bed. Martin kissed his way down Lorna's neck then along her shoulder and down to her breasts. As his tongue licked over their surface, his hands moved down and began to pull at the waist of her skirt. Lorna raised her hips slightly, letting her skirt be pulled down her legs to her ankles. With a deft kick it was sent falling to the floor. Martin leaned forward. He kissed her stomach as his hands tugged at her knickers. Lorna squirmed against the bed, helping him to remove them. In seconds, they too had been added to the pile of discarded clothing on the floor.

Martin sat back briefly and smiled as his eyes feasted on Lorna's neatly trimmed pussy. Lorna smiled back. Opening her legs, she exposed her smooth lower lips to his gaze. Catching his gaze, her desire burning in her eyes, she ran a finger between the folds of her pussy, spreading her enflamed, wet labia, opening herself up to him. Her body squirmed involuntarily at the contact; her warm juices coated her finger.

Martin grabbed Lorna's hand and raised her finger to his lips. He seemed to savour the taste as he sucked her finger into his mouth. "Mmmmm Lorna, you taste delicious," he said, "every bit as god as I remember."

Before Lorna could muster a reply Martin moved between her legs and lowered his face to her pussy.

"Ohhhhh mmmmm," Lorna sighed as Martin's tongue slid between her moist lower lips and licked along the length of her slit. He flicked his tongue over Lorna's clit, sending bolts of pleasure shooting through her before beginning a leisurely exploration of her pussy.

Lorna squirmed with pleasure as Martin's tongue probed every fold of her pussy. She moaned as he sucked gently on her labia. His touch was soft and sure and Lorna savoured the sensations.

As Martin's tongue lapped up her juices Lorna's body writhed with pleasure. She began to play with her breasts, cupping them in her hands and squeezing her nipples as Martin's tongue expertly drove her towards her climax.

Martin sucked Lorna's clit between his lips and began to flick his tongue over its tip. She felt a familiar warm glow begin to spread from her womb to engulf her entire body. The walls of Lorna's pussy began to contract and she bit her lip as she held on, letting the pressure grow.

As Martin's mouth drove her onwards, Lorna began to whimper softly. Her earlier climax had only served to whet her appetite and her body craved the release of her impending orgasm.

Desperately, she held back, trying to prolong the pleasure as Martin feasted hungrily on her pussy. The contractions grew stronger, spreading to her womb, becoming increasingly intense with every stroke of Martin's tongue, yet still she held back, denying herself the release her body demanded.

As Martin's tongue beat relentlessly against her throbbing clit, Lorna squeezed her breasts together, pinching her nipples as her hips began to buck. Feeling as if she was going to explode as she held on with every ounce of her will. Lorna's head tossed from side to side as the contractions in her pussy and womb increased in intensity. Her clit throbbed unbearably under the relentless beat of Martin's tongue; it seemed like every nerve in her body was on fire. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh, mmmmm," Lorna moaned as the pressure became too much to bear.

As Martin sucked hard on Lorna's clit, drawing it into his mouth, she let herself go. Her back arched; her body shook violently, "Oh yesssss!" she moaned as she surrendered myself to a convulsive climax.

Wave upon wave of pleasure washed over Lorna as her orgasm took hold. Every touch of Martin's tongue sent another bolt, like an electric shock, coursing through her body. "Oh fuck! Oh yesssss!" she cried as her climax rose to its peak. Unable to control her violently trembling body, Lorna somehow managed to give voice to her desire. "Fuck me, Martin!" she cried, "I want to feel you inside me. Oh fuck me, Martin. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me now!"

With her eyes still clenched tightly shut Lorna felt Martin move up her body. He left a trail of kisses over her stomach, across her breasts, up her neck as he positioned himself above her. The tip of his cock pressed against Lorna's entrance. The anticipation was intense and she struggled to make herself relax. "Ooooh!" she cried as the head of Martin's cock began press slowly past her swollen lower lips and into the enticing wet warmth of her waiting pussy.

The walls of Lorna's pussy stretched to accommodate Martin's thick cock as slowly, inch by inch, he joined his body with hers. She spread her legs wider, pulling her knees up to let him in deeper. She murmured deliriously as she felt his cock filling her, stretching her wide as he slid deep inside.

Martin kissed her. "Oh Lorna that feels good," he sighed as he began to move his hips. His cock slid in and out with long, slow strokes. He wasn't a heavy man but he pinned her to the bed as he drove his cock into her with strong, powerful thrusts. Lorna's fingers dug into the skin of his bum, urging him to fuck her harder. Her pussy felt deliciously full as Martin's cock pounded in and out, faster and harder with every thrust.

"Ohhhh... Oh God, Martin! I'd forgotten how good your cock feels inside me," Lorna moaned, "You feel so hard. My cunt feels so full. Mmmmm." She began to move her hips so that she met him on the deepest part of his stroke. The walls of her pussy stretched and flexed around his shaft as their bodies moved together.

They rolled over their bodies still joined. Lorna sat back and began to ride his cock, moving her hips up and down, impaling herself on him over and over again. He reached up to play with her breasts, squeezing her nipples as her pussy slid along his shaft. She leaned forward until her breasts bobbed in front of his face. She moaned as he squeezed her breasts in his hands and flicked his tongue over her sensitive nipples.

Lorna began to lose herself to the sensations once more. The walls of her pussy tightened around Martin's thick shaft as she rode his cock with growing abandon. "Oh Martin! That feels so good!" she breathed as she surrendered herself to a third orgasm. "Fuck me!" she cried as her climax consumed her, "Oh Martin, fuck me hard!"

Martin reached up and pulled Lorna towards him, burying his face between her breasts as her body shook. Lorna squeezed her breasts together. "Suck my nipples!" she demanded, "Suck them hard!"

"Ohhhh! Ohhh fuck yessssss!" Lorna cried as somehow, Martin managed to take both nipples into his mouth at once. "Oh Christ! Oh FUCK!" she cried, grinding herself against him as her climax grew in intensity.

Suddenly, she slid off. "Take me from behind," she urged as she got on to all fours.

Martin positioned himself behind her. Gripping her hips, her quickly slid back inside her.

"Oh God! That really feels good," she moaned as Martin's thick cock began pounding her from behind.

Leaning forward, Martin grabbed Lorna's breasts and began squeezing and twisting her nipples. Lorna reached back between her legs to rub her clit as Martin's cock powered into her.

Almost at once, Lorna felt her orgasm reignite. The sensations were even more powerful. She thrust her hips back, impaling herself on Martin's cock as waves of pleasure coursed through her. "Martin! Oh fuck, Martin! I'm cumming so hard! It feels so, SO good!"

With every thrust of Martin's cock, the force of her orgasm grew stronger. With each contraction of her womb, the need to vocalise her release increased. The feelings were so intense that she had to bite the pillow to muffle her cries.

The intensity of her orgasm drained the strength from her body. Lorna slid off Martin's cock and slumped on to the bed. From somewhere she found the strength to roll on to her back. "Get on top of me again," she said, her voice a hoarse whisper.

Lorna's body still shook as Martin plunged into her again. "Harder! Oh harder!" she moaned.

Martin began to fuck her with increasing force. Every thrust of his cock made her cry out for more. "Yes! Oh Martin, yesssss!" she moaned as she gripped his bum, trying to push him in deeper still. She pulled her legs back, resting his feet against Martin's arse as he fucked her with increasing urgency. She reached up to play with her breasts once again, increasing her pleasure as Martin's cock continued its relentless pounding of her pussy
