 Book Two opens with the introduction of a new character. Sara Dawson enters the family's life like an east Texas whirlwind, and has Gage and the girls scrambling to keep up with her. Julie and Sylvia make the best of it though, and things work out for everyone in the end.

There's not as much sex in this volume, but it supports and helps progress the storyline. Some of it is pretty hot though...

* * * * *

Ready Maid Family Book Two

Two Months Later

Late April

Monday

"I'll get it!" Sylvia yelled, wiping her hands on a towel as she walked out of the kitchen. She went over to the front door and opened it, smiling at the woman standing on the porch. "Hi, can I help you?"

"Which one are you?" The woman asked as she turned, looking her up and down, then pushing past her into the front foyer. She looked into the kitchen, then walked over and stepped into the living room.

"Ex...excuse me, but yo...you can't just come in here like..." Sylvia stuttered, staring at her in disbelief.

"You have to be Sylvia...from what I've heard, Julie would have jumped on me by now. Not that it would have done her any good..." 

She walked to the foot of the stairs and looked up.

"Gage Carson! You get your ass down here, right now!" She called out as she put her hands on her hips. "I didn't drive thirteen hours just to listen to your..."

"And it's always a pleasure to see you too, Sara." Gage said as he came through the dining room door. He grinned at her, holding his arms wide. "Get yer ass over here and gimme a hug you obnoxious little bitch!"

"Hey! What the hell's going on down there?" Julie yelled, leaning over the third floor railing.

"Damn, they both got big ol' titties, don't they Gage?" Sara laughed, then looked over her shoulder at Sylvia. "The one upstairs any smarter than this one?"

"Hey!" Sylvia said, stamping her foot, making her tits bounce up and down in her tight t-shirt.

"Relax sweetie, I'm just fuckin' with you." Sara said as she threw her arms around Gage's neck. She kissed him lightly, then more aggressively, grinding her slim, firm body against him.

Gage held her to him, returning her kiss with equal fervor.

Sylvia stared at them, unable to believe her eyes. She looked over as Julie came bounding down the stairs, taking them two at a time.

"What's goin' on Syl?" She asked, stopping and staring at Gage and Sara, still locked in a passionate embrace. "Who the hell is this chick, and what's she doin' suckin' face with the boss?"

"I don't know! She pushed by me like she owns the place, then started yelling for Gage..." Sylvia said. "But she knew my name, yours too..."

"That's because my baby brother told me all about you, sweetie." Sara said, releasing Gage and turning toward them. "I'm Sara Dawson, and I do own this place...well, kind of. I'm here because I wanted to make sure you're not a couple gold digging bimbos looking to take advantage of my dumbass brother in his..."

"Sara." Gage said quietly, the color draining from his face.

"I'm not a gold digger, bitch! We're here because Gage put an ad in the paper for a housekeeper, then asked us to be his harem." Sylvia said, moving toward her. "We're taking care of him! We already told him that what he wanted to give us is too much, but he wouldn't listen! He said he wanted someone to keep him company, and we shouldn't have to do that for free. But I would, he's worth it. He found Julie for me."

Julie just looked at Sara, sizing her up. She was about five-six, slim, with a tight ass and small, firm tits. Her dark brown hair was cut in a short shag. She was dressed in a man's button down shirt that she wore tucked into her jeans. Her jeans were tucked into a pair of well-worn cowboy boots. 

"You're his sister?" Julie said finally. She grinned at her as she said, "You guys must be a really close family."

She stepped over, holding out her hand. "I'm Julie, and like Syl said, we're not after his money. Hell, I don't even know if he has any money. We're pulling our own weight, taking care of him, and the house."

Sara looked her up and down, then glanced over at Sylvia. She smiled as she turned and walked into the kitchen. "So, which one of you does a girl gotta fuck to get a Dr. Pepper around here? Baby brother stopped bonin' me when he hooked up with Margo, and ain't showed no interest since, so I'm pretty sure he's off the menu."

"A REAL close family." Julie laughed, punching Gage in the shoulder as she followed Sara into the kitchen.

She went into the pantry and got a twelve pack of drinks and brought them over and sat them on the counter. She grinned at Sara.

"I wondered why he bought those, we all drink unsweet tea with dinner, but I like a Coke in the morning. The caffeine and carbonation get me going better than just coffee."

Gage got glasses from a cabinet and sat them on the table, then pulled out a chair and sat down.

"So why are you here, Sara? I told you I was okay, and the girls are..."

"Yeah, I know what you told me, Gage. But I also know that you never tell me everything, and you put too much faith in people." She said as she filled a glass with ice, then sat down across from him at the table. "You remember that thievin' little pissant Jason Brookes, don't you? You said he could be trusted when you wanted to let him handle the sale of your company. I went to his parole hearing last month, by the way. I can't tell you how satisfying it was to see him get denied parole...again."

"So you came here to...what, check us out? To see if we were what you thought?" Sylvia asked, standing next to the sink, her arms folded across her chest.

"I already checked you out, honey. And I ran a lot deeper background check than he did." Sara said, not looking at her. She kept her eyes on Gage. "But yes, I came up here to meet you, both of you. I needed to see you and talk to you to really get a read on you."

"I can understand you wanting to watch out for your brother, but he's a grown man." Julie said, moving around to sit next to Gage. She waved Sylvia over, watching as she took the seat on the other side of him. "Don't you think he should be able to make up his own mind about what he wants to do with his life?"

"I want to say yes, but since he has an inoperable tumor the size of a jumbo chicken egg sitting in his brain, I can't. He's not really competent to care for himself, you should know that."

Sylvia gasped, reaching out and grabbing Gage's arm. Julie turned and looked at him, a stunned expression on her face.

"Oh my god, you haven't told them." Sara said slowly. "What the hell were you thinking, Gage? Were you going to tell them? Or were you just going to..."

"Oh, for god's sake, would you please just shut the fuck up, and give us a minute?" Julie said harshly, glaring over at Sara. She looked at Gage, then back at Sara. "Do us all a favor and go wait in the living room, we need to talk, privately...if that's okay with you."

"It's not ok..."

"Sara, please..." Gage said quietly, moving his hand over to rest near Julie's. He smiled as he felt her fingers close over his. "I want to talk to the girls...my girls. So please, give us a few minutes."

Sara looked at him for a moment, then nodded and stood up. She picked up her glass and walked from the room.

"So this is what you were talking about when you asked me to..."

"Yes, I wanted to say something then, but I wasn't ready. I..."

"Are you going to die?" Sylvia asked, taking his hand in hers. "We just found you, Gage, you can't die. Maybe they're wrong..."

"Everyone dies, Syl. But no, I'm not going to die...it's going to be worse than that." He said, looking down at the table. "I'll start to..."

"No...start at the beginning, Gage." Julie said, taking his hand in both of hers. "Tell us what you know, then tell us what we can expect."

"I was diagnosed with what's called a non-malignant primary tumor four years ago. The problem is, it's deep in the brain tissue itself, and it crosses from the frontal into the parietal lobe, right about here." He said, letting go of Julie's hands and pointing at a spot near the back of his head. "Right now, there's no way to remove it without killing me, or leaving me a drooling idiot. I really don't find either of those prospects that appealing."

He took her hand again before he continued. "From what an army of doctors have told me, here, and in Europe, the tumor itself won't kill me, at least not right away."

"But the symptoms, or side effects might?" Sylvia asked.

"They could, but the leading cause of death for this kind of tumor...is suicide." He said, looking back and forth between them. "As it grows, which it isn't at the moment, it will cause me other problems. I already have some memory loss, I had some seizures at the beginning, which is why I went to my doctor in the first place. I take meds that help with that, so..."

"So even if this thing isn't curable, it's treatable, is that what I'm hearing?" Julie asked, lifting his head so he had to look at her.

"Yeah, but I noticed some major changes last year...in my vision and coordination, sometimes I have trouble talking...I can't always get my words to come out right."

Julie smiled, and looked over at Sylvia. "How you doing over there, Syl?"

"I...I'm okay...I want to...can we go make love? Not fuck...but make love? I really need to feel both of you right now, and I want to..."

"I think that's a fantastic idea, Syl." Julie laughed. "But I don't think the dragon lady is going to give us that much time. But what I want to know is, are you..."

"Yes, I'm staying, if that's what you're asking." Sylvia said. "You two are my family. I can't leave my family...this is the for better or worse...we deal with it, and love each other that much more."

"Good girl." Julie smiled. "So, do we want to go face her, or..."

"That won't be necessary, Julie." Sara said as she came back into the room. "I was listening." 

"Well, that's just rude." Sylvia said. "We asked you to give us..."

"I don't care." Sara said lightly. "I came here to see what kind of trailer trash my brother had brought into his home, and imagine my surprise when I find out that I was wrong about you. I figured if I came in and threw the bitch card, you'd..."

"We'd what...run off like a couple scared little bunny rabbits?" Julie laughed. "I can do bitch...I like bitch. You want to know about me? I spent a year living in a van, my little house on wheels. It's parked out back if you want to see it. Until two months ago, I worked day labor jobs, and bought and sold stuff on E-Bay to make a living."

She paused and looked over at Sylvia.

"Syl was living in a little shithole walkup while she looked for a job, and your brother saved her from being raped, if not worse, when we went to get her stuff. We caught her asshole landlord jerking off with a pair of her panties while he waited for her to get home. Gage broke the fuckers neck for him."

"We...all three of us...got lucky the day we met." She said, smiling softly. "We needed jobs, and a place to live, a safe place, and he needed someone to care about, and to care about him and his house. We all needed someone to love, and to love us back. And that's what we found. We're a family now, and like Syl said, a family deals with what comes up, and loves each other that much more because of it."

Sylvia stood up and came around the table, stopping next to Sara's chair, looking down at her.

"You're a horrible person. You could have said hello, and introduced yourself, but no, you barge into our home and start making accusations." She said after a moment, then walked toward the door. "You should get down on your knees and thank god that you have a brother like him."

"Where ya goin', Syl?" Gage asked.

"I'm going to make up the guest room. I'm not letting her stay in a hotel, and she sure as hell ain't sleeping on the couch when we have a perfectly good bed she can sleep in..."

Her voice trailed off as she left the room, and a moment later, they heard her going up the stairs.

"I guess I blew the first impression, huh?" Sara said, leaning back in her chair.

"Yeah, you walked right passed bitch, and went right into heartless cunt without missing a beat." Julie said, grinning at her. "But that's okay, you were looking out for your brother, so I can give you a pass on that. But Syl was right, you could have introduced yourself, talked to us a little...talking to him might have been a good idea too."

"I thought he had told you." Sara said, leaning forward and putting her elbows on the table. She rested her head in her hands as she said, "He told me that he was going to hire a housekeeper, and I liked the idea. When he told me that he had brought two girls in...and that he...that he was falling in love with you...I had to see that for myself."

"And you thought what, that he was imagining it, or that he would give away everything he had?"

"I knew that he couldn't give you very much, the house is held by a trust, and he's on an allowance." Sara said. "I was more concerned about you hurting him. It's been so long since he even mentioned feel..."

"I knew I had made the right choice the day I met them, Sara." Gage said, squeezing Julie's hand. "It just felt so right. And it just gets better everyday. I'm happier than I've been in years, and I feel good too. I think it's because I'm not obsessing about this fucking thing in my head."

"But five years, Gage? Not one word about love or sex, not having anyone in your life since Margo died, then out of nowhere..."

"That should have made it more believable, shouldn't it?" Julie asked. She glanced at Gage, then back at Sara. "He told you that he had met two women, let them move in with him, and that he was falling in love with them, and you didn't jump for joy? Did he tell you that we're fucking his brains out?" 

"Each others too, to hear him tell it." Sara said. "Is it true that you're shooting videos of yourselves?"

"Yeah, I walked in on him titty fucking Syl, and I had my phone in my pocket, so..."

"Oh god, that is so hot!" Sara laughed, then sobered quickly. "I tried to get my last boyfriend to try phone sex, then I tried to get sexy with him on my web cam...but he thought it was dirty...and he broke up with me."

"You didn't tell me that, Sara. When did that happen?" Gage asked.

"About a month ago...I was getting tired of him anyway. He's like so many of those east Texas guys. Just another one trick pony."

"Has anyone thought about food?" Sylvia asked as she came back into the kitchen. "I was thinking about making lunch when she showed up."

"I could go for a big, juicy steak." Sara said, glancing up at her. "Is there a decent steak place in this town?"

"We have steaks here. I can make you one." Sylvia said, going over to the fridge. She opened the door and leaned in, pulling the meat drawer out. "Why don't you go get your bag out of your car and take it upstairs while I make lunch. There's towels in the second floor shower, next to the guest room."

"Is that her polite way of saying I stink?" Sara asked, grinning at Julie.

"No, that's her way of saying welcome to our home." Julie laughed. "And unless you have a reason to go home in a hurry, why don't you stay with us for a while. You can get to know me and Syl, and we can pump you for information about the boss here."

"Julie!" Sylvia gasped, turning and staring at her. "You're not serious!"

"Yes, I'm completely serious." Julie laughed. "I want to hear more about baby brother here boning her...and I'm hoping she meant what I think she did!"

"Oh god." Gage groaned.

* * * * *

"You did good, baby brother." Sara said, cutting a bite off her steak and popping it in her mouth. She looked at Sylvia sitting next to her. "Sylvia, this has got to be one of the best steaks I've ever eaten. I may take Julie up on her offer if you cook like this all the time."

"You keep calling him that." Julie laughed, not giving Sylvia a chance to reply. "What's the age difference between you? It can't be more than a couple of years, I can't tell which one of you is older."

"Four minutes." Gage sighed. "She's four minutes older, and she's been lording it over me my whole life. My dad thought it was hilarious."

"You're twins?" Julie asked. "You don't look anything like each other!"

"No, not twins." Gage told her. "We're not really related. Our parents were friends with Sara's, and when they were killed in a car accident, my parents took her in. She looked at our birth certificates when we were nine or so, that's how she found out."

"I was eight." Sara said, looking at Gage with a smile on her face. "His parents had always treated me like their own daughter, since I was at their house all the time anyway, so it was like going to live with relatives. I've known him since before I could walk."

"I'm still sorry they never adopted you." Gage said. "But your aunt..."

"Yeah, that cold hearted bitch wanted the inheritance money, but didn't want to have to put up with raising a kid." Sara laughed. "It worked out in the end though. When she kicked off, I got a butt load of money. She had made some good investments over the years."

"So you're not related, but you've known each other your whole lives." Sylvia said. 

"I thought the last name was different because you were married..." Julie added.

"Nope, never got married, at least not yet. Dawson is my family name. Mama Mae wouldn't let me change it, she said it would dishonor my parent's memory." Sara said, shaking her head. "I'm what they call a spinster in Texas. Once you hit thirty-five or so without getting hitched, people start thinkin' yer either a spinster or a dyke. Most people think I'm both."

"So are there..."

"Differences? Sure, I got the brains and the looks!" Sara chuckled, smirking over at him. "He got the business sense, and a dick. That's the only thing I've ever been jealous of him about." 

"The business sense, or the dick?" Julie asked.

"The dick. But god played a little joke on her, and gave her a clit the size of a small cock." Gage grinned. "When Ricky Wilson banged her in our senior year, he told everyone about it. I don't think she got laid again for months after that."

"How big is it?" Sylvia asked, looking back and forth between them. "Mine sticks out a little bit, but..."

"Her's is as big as my thumb." Gage laughed, holding his hand out in a fist, his thumb sticking up. "If you didn't push it up out of the way when you were eating her out, you could poke your eye out with it."

"Yeah, well I still got laid alot that year because of my big ol' girl cock, baby brother." Sara grinned back at him. "Sally Parks, Betty Wilson, Ricky's sister, Reverend Hall and Mr. Martinez from down the street, they all came around to check me out. Betty would suck on my clit for hours. Reverend Hall did it best, but I didn't find out why until later."

"You never told me about Sally Parks. She was the head cheerleader..."

"She sure had me cheering when she gave me head." Sara giggled. "But Reverend Hall never fucked me, he couldn't get it up. He asked me to stay after services one morning, and told me that he had heard that I had been blessed with a special gift. He asked if he could see it, and the next thing I knew, he was on his knees, his head up under my skirt. My panties had disappeared, and he had his mouth on my clit, sucking on it like he was starving or something. He made me cum so good, I let him eat me out three or four times a week after that."

"But you two did it?" Julie asked. "You said he stopped boning you when he met Margo, and he said he ate you out..."

"Yeah, I walked in on him jerking off in the bathroom one day, and later that night, I snuck into his room so I could get another look at his dick." Sara said softly, closing her eyes as she recalled the memory. "I played with him a little, then sucked on it...and the next thing I knew, I had climbed up on him, and put it in."
