 The phone rang and I answered it. It was 8am on a Saturday. I couldn't imagine who it would be. I had been separated for over four months and was just beginning to get back on track, I wasn't completely back on track, I was still drinking lots of whiskey so mornings were hard.

"What..?" I answered the receiver, sleep still heavy in my voice.

"Jody, It's Dotty.." replied the voice that had systematically wrecked my life for the last six years.

The silence that followed was an uncomfortable one but I let it play out as I fumbled for my battered pack of Camels, and Zippo. Sitting up in the bed I lit my first smoke of the day, effectively covering the taste of cat shit that coated the inside of my mouth. I became aware of several things at once as I focused on the day to come. I had a piss hard-on, and the sun was streaming into the bedroom of my small apartment in a most uncomfortable way. It was going to be warm. I also noticed that I was still wearing my jeans and boots, although I had managed, to take off my shirt before retiring for the evening. Some would call it passing out, I still called it retiring for the evening.

"Are you there?" Dotty ask.

"Yea, I'm here... Just a little surprised is all.. I mean we do hate each other and we are in the middle of a nasty divorce."

"I know.... The reason I called is that the truck won't start." mumbled Dotty.

"Why would I give two shits if it starts or not? I bought it. You got it. Your truck, your problem, call a fucking mechanic." I stated with more than a touch of sarcasm.

The first hearing had resulted in her getting the truck, our daughter, our little house, and me getting my walking papers and ordered to find somewhere else to lay my head. It hadn't helped that I hadn't gone to the hearing but had gone on a three day whiskey drinking bender instead. Be that as it may I was still a little pissed about it.

"Don't be such an ass hole. I need that truck because I have to go to Garden City, if I had money for a mechanic I wouldn't have called you. Can't you just do it for old times sake?"

"Babe", I answered dryly "What old times are you talking about? You were the biggest mistake of my life, I must be stupid to even have this conversation, I really need to piss, call back later if you want to." I hung up the phone.

I got up out of bed and stripped completely, I walked nude into the bathroom and lined up my shot. I say lined up the shot because l still had this piss hard-on. Being suddenly single was a bitch. I was feeling the effects of 120 days of celibacy. You may or may not know that it is very difficult to piss thru a cock that is so hard that a cat couldn't scratch it. You have to force it down and kind of lean forward over the john and push very hard. I was able to push enough hot urine out to take at least one of the daggers out of my bladder and then stepped into the shower. I went thru the soaping up and rinsing down ritual. Only after the shower was my cock soft enough to actually take the piss I had been needing to take for what seemed like forever.

Once this business was complete I wondered into the kitchen, put on some coffee, and was reaching for the TV remote when the phone rang again. I knew who it was, so I just picked up the phone and held it to my ear.

"I'll clean your apartment if you'll fix my truck." Dotty offered.

"Too late.. I already hired a service that comes three times per week." I said and hung up the phone.

Within seconds it rung again.

"Look, there must be some kind of arrangement we can work out, what if I cook you dinner when I get back." Dotty ask.

"I've grown quite accustomed to eating out. All I want from you is my freedom, we have tortured each other long enough."

"Ok... this is my final offer.. You fix my truck.. I'll clean your pipes" Dotty offered.

Now she had my attention.

"Does that mean what I think it means?" I ask, hoping my excitement wasn't too obvious.

"I'm not a plumber if that's what your asking, I don't even own a pipe wrench." She said with a little sound of glee and victory in her voice.

"Look, Dot, I'm sorry, but there is no way we are going to get back together, there is just too much wreckage, the body count is too high." I said in a very serious tone.

"I hope I didn't give you the impression that I wanted to. I'm just offering a trade. One time, right now. The trucks running, we're fucking, no questions or answers and I'll deny it if you bring it up in court"

"I'll be there in 10 minutes" I said. 

God help me, my cock was getting hard just thinking of it.

I shaved, slapped on a little 'come and get it', (old spice aftershave) and headed to my old clunker in the lot.

Exactly 8 minutes later I was in her drive. I didn't even bother going in. I still had a key to the truck on my ring so I just opened to door and looked inside. There in clear view was the headlight switch fully extended. She had left the lights on and killed the battery. I had cables. I turned off the head lights and pulled my clunker up beside the truck, connected the cables and gave it a few minutes to charge up. While I was doing this she came out of the house.

Dotty was wearing a blue jean skirt and white blouse. Her make-up was on and she looked very nice. I didn't speak. I just looked her up and down. 

"I guess I must have killed the battery." she said.

"Yea, I guess you did."

I walked over to the truck and started it.

She looked a little nervous, almost frightened. 

I felt really weird, on one hand I felt bad for her, on the other hand it felt nice to have the upper hand and to see her squirm a little, and still on the other hand my cock was harder than it had ever been.

I pointedly stared at her tit's. It was a deliberate leer. "You don't look half bad." I commented.

"Yea.., well..., I have that interview in Garden." she mumbled.

"Well, are you going to invite me in for coffee or what?"

"Look, I'm not your wife. I'm not your girlfriend, to tell the truth I'm not even your friend, I just wanted my truck fixed" she said pointedly.

Well now she started to get a little under my skin.

"My God Bitch, I just fixed you truck and your busting my balls, I'm out of here."

"Wait.. I'm sorry.. I appreciate you fixing the truck.. I'm willing to hold up my end of the bargain.. I just want to make sure that you.. That we both understand what we are doing here.."

I was a little pissed, I'll admit it or I wouldn't have said what I said next.

"So, you not my wife, my girlfriend, or even my friend, but your willing to fuck me because I fixed your truck, are we on the same page here?"

"Yes we are she said as she walked back towards her house."

"Well.. I guess that makes you my whore doesn't it?"

She didn't answer.

I was a little disgusted with myself for saying it, but at the same time it felt kind of good. My cock was so hard that it actually ached.

After we got into the living room she closed the door behind us and I reached to take her in my arms. She lightly batted my arms away and knelt down on the carpet in front of me. She looked so fucking hot like that. On her knees. She reached for my belt buckle and I pushed her hands away. Quickly I unsnapped my jeans and pulled them and my boxers down just enough that me prick was pointed towards her. It looked angry and almost purple with it's own rage and excitement.

I kept expecting her to say stop and I would have stopped. But she wouldn't say it. Even as tears began to leak from her pretty brown eyes she wouldn't say stop. It became more than sex, it was some strange contest of wills.

I placed one hand in her hair and rubbed my plum sized cock head against her lips. Her lipstick smeared but her lips opened. During the years of our marriage she had never been crazy about sucking dick and I had never been pushy about it. Apparently she held no such inhibitions in her new role. But this wasn't the only surprise I had waiting for me, because I was even more shocked when she looked up at me eyes welling and said.

"You love this shit don't you? You love looking down on me like I'm your whore and sticking your cock in my mouth"

I again expected her to stop but she didn't, it was like she was paying off some self imposed penance. Would you have stopped? Could you have?

"I've never seen you so fucking hard." She said as she took a breath and allowed my cock to again slip into her mouth.

"You're fucking A right I do!"

I didn't even really mean to say this. It just slipped out. But I was hotter than I have ever been. 

She again pulled off of me and looked up. Tears ran freely now and somehow they only added to the sexuality of the situation.

"Well, you better enjoy it while you can you bastard because this is the last time you'll ever have this from me"

"Ohhhh , I'll enjoy it you bitch.." 

I again put my hand in her hair and pulled her forward. More and more of my cock slipped into her mouth. I put my other hand in her hair and slid her head back and forth. Deeper and deeper my spear slid into her and I knew it wouldn't be long before she gagged. I also knew I was on the verge of cumming in her mouth and there was a race to see which would happen first. It could have been 5 seconds or 5 minutes, time lost all meaning, I felt her throat clench on my cock as she began to gag. If she would have pulled back I would have stopped. My hands were only a guide as she fucked her own face on my prick again and again. My cock went further into her mouth than it ever has before or ever has in the mouth of any woman since. I was as close to no return as I have ever been, and it took everything I had to push her away. My stomach and legs actually ached with the desire to cumm but suddenly it was important to fuck her. I needed to fuck her one more time. So with the strength of the Gods placing the sun in the Heavens I pulled out of her. She looked at me with an expression I have never seen before or since. A look of victory, and shame, and raw lust, and whoredom that goes way beyond any possible description I could put down here.

"Lets go to the bedroom. I need to fuck you." I said

"You'll never see the inside of my bedroom again you cock-sucker." She said.

She pulled her skirt up and I was surprised and not surprised when she pulled her sensible mint green cotton panties down and stepped out of them.

"You will fuck me here and now, or not at all." 

With that she lay down on the grungy brown carpet with her skirt up and legs spread. The raw sexuality and direct exposure to her cunt took my breath away. She began to open her blouse and un clasp her bra as I skinned completely out of my jeans boxers, and boots. I could have easily sprayed he down with my cum right then and there she looked so fucking hot.

I lay down on her and slid into her completely. I have never felt a pussy so wet. It was like her cunt sucked my straight 8 right in. I bent forward and captured one of her nipples in my mouth. She moaned and yelped a little. Was I a little rough? I suppose I was. I pulled her breast into my mouth and he nipple felt like the eraser on a number two pencil. 

I knew I needed to slow down, I knew I would be done in a matter of seconds if I didn't assert some kind of control. I slowed my pace and then became aware of the action that was going on in her sweet pussy. It was tugging and pulling on me, as if it were some alien thing that I had never felt before. It was milking and squeezing me so much that I again could have cummed without moving at all.

The wettness was amazing and I had the reach down and feel it with my fingers to verify that it was real. I wrapped my arm around both of our legs and felt it. There was an actual puddle. I slid my finger back and forth and felt her twitch as my fingertip slid over her shitter. A compulsion came over me that I had never had before or since. Without a thought I slid my finger into her asshole. Her shitter clenched as if to eject me but that wasn't happening her own moisture worked against her. The more she clenched the more my finger slid in. She began to hunch and I went back to stroking. It could have been forever or only a few moments when I felt myself begin to swell. My nuts screamed and I knew there was no turning back. Slam, slam, slam, ... so close.... 


"I'm gonna blow your fucking head off I whispered in her ear." as my ejaculation ignition system finished counting down.

"If you ever loved me, please don't cum in me..." she said plainly as she began to twitch and cum beneath me.

In my second Herculean moment of the day I managed to pull out.

My cumm jetted and sprayed, onto her breasts, some landed in her hair and on her chin, my cream puddled on her lovely flat belly, still it came, on her legs and pussy. Finally like a balloon that has run out of air the jetting sperm stopped.

I stood up and looked down at her. Suddenly emotions overwhelmed me, I wanted to say I was sorry, I wanted to tell her I loved her, I wanted to fuck her some more, I wanted to hurt some more, and hurt her some more. She wept openly and I died a little inside. We were over, once and for all we were over.

"I'm sorry I whispered..."

"Are you sorry that you ever met me? Do you hate me?" she ask.

"No... I don't hate you..."

"Just go.." she said, "You fixed my truck and I cleaned your pipes.. What done is done and can't be undone.."

I dressed and left...

The End..

Please be honest in your assesment..