 James' favorite food was me, but since he was coming to my house this evening I felt obligated to feed him actual food either before or after the main course. I enjoyed cooking anyway, and having myself occupied would keep me from thinking about him and touching myself all afternoon. 

I settled on a soufflé; I hadn't made one for some time and thought that the rich creaminess might serve as an analogy for other things. But I was nearly out of eggs, I found, and while I generally detested grocery shopping, it had become more palatable since that was how I'd met James. I dressed quickly, in black yoga pants, sandals, and a long white blouse with no bra. I detested bras almost as much as I detested grocery shopping, but as my breasts were a bit hard to control, I usually wore one. Not today. Fuck it, I thought, as I headed down the street.

As usual, I picked up far more than what I came for. Eggs, wine, some cute little chocolates that I envisioned us feeding to each other in bed . . . oh, I had to have some of those raspberries, too. I could rub them all over James and then lick them off. The very thought made my loins warm. Damn him. I loved and hated that he had this effect on me.

I waited in line to pay for my selections, and then pushed the cart out to my car. Yes, I'd bought more than I could carry in my two hands - again. I'd just popped open the trunk when I heard a voice behind me.

"Excuse me."

I turned to look, and to my surprise and joy, there was James.

"Well, hello -" I started, but he interrupted me.

"Did you lose your keys?" he asked with a mischievous smile, his brown eyes twinkling. Jesus, it was not even ten a.m., and he looked so sexy I wanted to hump him right on the back end of my car.

I held up my keychain and rattled it. "Nope, right here," I tried to be cool.

"What a shame," he moved close to me, and began loading my bags into the trunk. 

"Thank you," I said, watching him. He was playing some kind of game here. Had he followed me to the store? Or had we just run into each other by accident?

He took my cart to the stall and returned to me. I hadn't moved.

"I apologize," he said with his disarming, sweet smile. "I saw you in the store and couldn't help noticing . . . "

"Yes?" I prompted him.

"Your ass."

I laughed out loud.

"It's quite lumpcious," he said, inventing a new word.

"I guess that's more flattering than calling it fat," I allowed.

He shook his head. "No, it's fabulous. In fact," here he moved close to me, his chest against mine, and slid his arm around my waist, hand resting firmly on my butt cheek. He leaned into whisper in my ear. "I bet it's nice and soft and wet inside there."

I shivered. I felt my cunt swelling with desire. God damn him!

Two soft, damp kisses on my neck. I felt myself melting. "Let's go somewhere," I breathed against him.

A couple of people walked by and gave us startled looks.

"I know a place," he said, and with his free hand, he turned my head toward him and gave me a long, wet, open-mouthed kiss. Oh fuck. I was out of control now.

"Take me there," I begged.

He took the keys from my hand - it was a wonder I hadn't dropped them - and we got into my car together. 

"Anything perishable?" he asked as he pulled out onto the street.

"Well, yeah, I got some eggs and milk and stuff."

"Too bad."

"Hey! I spent good money on that!" I protested.

"Some things are more important," he grinned over at me and squeezed my thigh.

"You'll pay me back if they spoil," I told him.

"Sure babe." I knew he wouldn't. He was such a dick sometimes.

We didn't seem to be going in the direction of his house or my house, but before I could ask him where we were going, he steered onto a residential street, drove two blocks, and pulled into the driveway of a house with a realtor's sign stuck in the lawn.

"What's this?" I asked, confused.

"Our love nest."

"I hope you brought your burglary kit."

He shook his head. "Friends of mine selling their house, they gave me a key to keep an eye on it in between showings. And to water to lawn."

I relaxed a little. Okay. This might be all right.

"Do they have a refrigerator?" I asked.

"Yeah," he answered, opening his door.

"Well, then, I could put my things in there while we -"

"No time," he called, coming around to my side of the car.

"What do you mean, no time?" I let him help me out, and shut the door behind me.

"I have to be somewhere by noon."

"Well, then, why did you follow me to the store and plan all this?" I asked, following him to the door of the house.

He unlocked it, and it swung open. "I didn't plan this," he laughed a little. "I needed a couple of things and there you were. I've got a hard on you can't believe just seeing your ass in those tight pants."

"James!" I scolded him half heartedly. The truth was, I loved it when he said things like this.

Inside, the house was nearly bare. One chair in the living room. A couple of boxes. I hoped to hell there was a bed or an air mattress. He led me down a hall and into a bedroom.

"Twin bed?" I gaped at him.

But before I could protest anymore, he pulled me close and pushed his hands inside the waistband of my yoga pants. I'd dressed so hurriedly I'd neglected to put on panties. He kneaded my butt cheeks as we kissed and slobbered on each other, noisily, as always. He moved his hands up my back and around to caress my breasts, fondling my nipples, and pushed my blouse off over my head. 

"Ahhh," I sighed; holding his head in my hands, fingers in his hair as he sucked and licked my nipples. His hands were busy shoving my yoga pants down around my knees. I kicked off my sandals and stepped out of the pants; now completely naked.

His fingers found my clit and I squealed a little. I undid his belt, button, and zipper, and there was his cock, all hard and warm and just a little sticky at the tip. I dropped to my knees to lick him and finish getting his pants off. We moved to the bed; me on my back and him on his side. I wanted to suck him longer because I loved his taste, but my nasty man had other ideas.

He moved me around so that my back was to him, and I was facing the wall.

"I know you like it like this," he said in a low voice, and I felt his hardness against my butt crack.

We'd done it doggy before, but always over a chair, or with me on all fours. I knew he wouldn't do me anal, because neither of us liked that. What was his plan? I let him take charge because he'd never disappointed me yet. Well there was that peach debacle, but we didn't speak of that.

I let him move me. I pulled my knees to my chest to open up my cunt; he ran his fingers all over, touching my clit and my vagina, to my great pleasure and desire. He kissed my back and my thighs as he did so, intensifying my need. Getting fucked was one thing; feeling absolutely desired and adored - well, that just made it the most powerful physical experience I'd ever shared with anyone. James did that to me every time. I'd never had a lover like this.

Gently, he pushed my butt cheeks apart, moved me a little more toward the wall, opening me up wider. I felt his cock tentative, at first, exploring. Oh god, just get inside me, I thought. Wait - I'd said it out loud.

He laughed a little. "Horny, are we?" he teased, and oh so slowly, just the way he knew I liked it, he slid inside me.

"Oh gaaawwwwddd," I drooled, squeezing my knees closer to open myself up more for him.

Slow, deliberate, and maddening. That was how he fucked me. I say maddening because as much as I loved it like this, I couldn't wait for him to begin the furious thrusting that would make me come. And I knew it would be a hard, body-racking orgasm. How could it be that they were better and more intense every time?

"That feel good?" he whispered, even though he knew the answer.

"Uhhhhhh," was all I could respond. 

He began pumping a little faster. I felt my arousal quickening. "Yes," I breathed. "Yes, like that."

And faster now, his hard cock slamming into me, me matching his rhythm to get the full effect, our grunts and moans uninhibited. The wall seemed to be moving away from me; was I hallucinating? No, it was the mattress. We were fucking so hard the mattress was moving off the springs. It only made it hotter.

I shut my eyes to savor it. The moment was near. I reached behind me to stroke his hand where he gripped my hip. That seemed to galvanize him into even more vigor. Oh shit oh shit it would be soon. I knew it, and it was going to be amazing. The best orgasm ever. Oh shit.

When it happened, I let out a cry, loud and drawn out. James continued fucking me hard until I felt his hot cum spurting; and a groan of pleasure come up from his diaphragm. We were still moving in unison, sharing our climaxes. He moved his hand up to my shoulder, kissing my back.

By the time we both stilled, I'd turned to face him and we were kissing. I let him hold me, his loving tenderness always right there, bringing me back down from the high.

"How was that?" he asked, a gleam in his eyes.

I scratched my fingers in his beard. "You're still coming over later, right?"