 I had recently divorced and decided it was time to move from the apartment I had been sharing with a friend to a new house. I asked many of my new acquaintances, and I was given the name of Jean, who was highly recommended.

I called Jean. Immediately, I was struck with her professionalism and her pleasant, soothing voice. I made an appointment for the next day. I dressed casually, jeans and an untucked button down. When I arrived, the house was nothing that I had in mind, but I decided to stay since I was already there.

I was completely surprised when Jean arrived. She was 5’6”, very slender with highlighted hair and captivating hazel eyes. She wore a very nice, professional dress that showed her small, but sexy breasts and fabulous figure and ass, with just a hint of the lacy bra showing underneath. I was blown away and could tell that she was happy with my looks as well. After gathering as much control as possible, I politely told her that I was looking for something more upscale. She smiled and told me she had something perfect in mind. We agreed to meet the next day. She told me the owners were out of town, but that she had access to the house, and that we could spend as much time as needed looking around.

I dressed a little nicer than before and arrived early. I immediately noticed the house was perfect. The day was also perfect with a cool breeze. Jean arrived looking fantastic, thin sundress, no hose and perfectly tanned legs. I could not take my eyes off of her. Her legs and her small breasts looked so inviting, just a hint of nipple showing and a very firm ass. I kept telling myself that I was there to look at a house, but the sexual thoughts would not go away. I could feel the blood rushing to my cock and was glad to have a jacket on to hide my excitement.

We walked through the house, each room nicer than the next. She led me room to room, stepping aside each time so that I could walk in first. I loved watching her ass in her thin dress, obviously wearing lycra “boy shorts” to hide panty lines. Each time I walked past, I could feel my cock rub lightly against her. I hoped she did not notice. The master bedroom was incredible, huge master bath with a combination steamroom and two-person shower. I asked if it was in working order. Without hesitation, she reached in and turned on the steam. In minutes, the steam filled it up. I told her that it was exactly what I had been looking for and that I thought the ladies would love it. She smiled and said that she certainly would.

Our eyes met, and without a moment of hesitation, I pulled her into me and kissed her, our mouths melding together, our tongues meeting. I pulled her into me, knowing she could feel my hard cock through her thin dress. She grabbed my ass and pulled me closer, I could almost feel her wetness and heat. As we kissed, my hands moved along the sides of her dress, I could tell she was wearing a thin bra, which I moved aside. Rubbing the sides of her breasts with my fingertips, my thumbs moved to her nipples. Although already hard, they became harder by my touch. She reached up and slowly slid the straps of her dress down her body and removed her bra, revealing the most perfect, small breasts I had ever seen with wonderfully hard nipples. I kissed my way down her neck and chest, taking her nipples into my mouth, licking and sucking one, then the other. I could hear her moaning and felt one hand behind my head, pulling me into her. Her other hand I felt running down my chest and stomach, stopping at my zipper. I felt her groping my hardened cock, stroking it lightly, squeezing me.

I lowered her dress down her thighs and to the floor, seeing her white, matching lycra boy shorts hugging her body, a wet spot soaking the front. Going back up and licking her breasts, I lightly ran my fingers up and down her pussy, purposefully avoiding her clit. The wet spot grew, as did her moans. I ran my tongue down her stomach and knelt down before her, running my tongue along her pussy lips. Standing up, she stripped me out of my clothes, then removed her underwear. Her pussy was beautiful, dark hair, but trimmed. She took my hand and led me into the steamroom. I knelt before her and took in her scent before running my tongue up and down the length of her pussy lips. She was so wet and her lips so swollen. With my fingers teasing her nipples, I licked and sucked her pussy until I finally touched her waiting clit. I thought she was going to explode. She took my hands and pinched her own nipples as she pushed her hips into my face. I could feel the sweat running off of her and could feel the wetness running out of her.

With my fingers pulling and tugging on her nipples, she dropped her hands and pulled my face into her wet and waiting pussy. I entered her pussy with my tongue and licked and sucked on her clit. As much as I wanted to be inside of her, I couldn’t get enough of her taste. My cock was straining, but her needs were so insistent. With a final push into my face, I heard her scream and felt a rush of her wetness cover my face. I could feel her legs buckle and worked at holding her up while I continued to lick and suck her. After what seemed like 2 or 3 more orgasms, she pulled away from me and looked down.

“I don’t know if you are going to buy this house, but if you think you are getting out of here without me tasting your cock and feeling it inside of me, you are crazy.” She said. She turned off the steam and turned on the warm shower, which streamed in torrents from the multiple shower heads. She kissed her way down my body and began to stroke, lick and suck my cock and balls.

But that it another story.