 As I explained in Part 1 of this adventure, Jean was a real estate agent that I met when I was in the market to buy a house. I was immediately attracted to her hazel eyes and incredible figure. She was slender, with a flat stomach, small but firm breasts, and killer ass and legs. Showing me through a second house, my attention was continually drawn to Jean’s body. Each time she moved aside to let me pass by her so that I could enter a room, I could feel my hardening cock lightly brushing against her. 

Finally arriving at the combination steam room and shower in the master bath, we both gave in to our passions. We kissed and fondle each other, removing each other’s clothes before stepping into the steam room. I proceeded to lick and suck Jean to one orgasm after another, tasting and feeling her wetness with each one. After gaining control of herself, Jean looked down at me, telling me that she did not know whether I was going to buy the house, but that I was crazy if I thought I was going to leave without her tasting me and feeling me inside of her. With that, Jean turned off the steam and turned on the shower.

The warm water rushing out of the shower heads could only be outdone by Jean’s lips and tongue. I have never felt anything so erotic and satisfying. Jean licked and kissed her way down by body, stopping to lick, suck and gently bite each of my nipples. Watching her as she worked her way down by body was almost more than I could handle.

Jean continued licking her way down my body, and I could feel her fantastic small breasts and hard nipples rubbing against my throbbing cock. She looked up at me as she reached down, grabbing my cock in her hands and rubbing it against her nipples. I could see the lust in her eyes as she slowly opened her mouth, letting her tongue touch the tip of my cock. I felt electricity run through my body as Jean moved her tongue from the tip of my cock, down the shaft, and then back up. Jean took my balls in one hand as she stroked my cock with the other. She then lowered her head and took my cock in her mouth. I felt her tongue swirling around my cock as she took me completely into her mouth. She continued to stroke me while she raised and lowered her mouth over me.

With all that had already occurred, I knew I would not last long at this pace. I asked Jean to slow down. Apparently knowing why I had asked, and never taking my cock out of her mouth, Jean looked up at me with a wicked glint in her eyes. Licking and sucking even faster, Jean continued to stroke my cock and massage my balls. I could feel my cock swelling and knew I was going to cum. As though she knew it too, Jean took me even deeper into her mouth. Moaning loudly, I exploded in her mouth. Jean never let up as I kept cumming and cumming.

Taking all I had, Jean slowed down and let my cock fall from her lips. Gently grabbing her shoulders, I helped her to her feet. I leaned down and kissed Jean, my hands on her perfect ass, pulling her into me. Although having just had one of the best orgasms I have ever had, I felt that familiar twinge. I wanted her so badly. Moving my hands up her back, I felt the sides of her breasts with my fingertips. Her kiss becoming more intense. I massaged her breasts and gently rolled her nipples between my thumb and fingers. By now I was rock hard again.

Jean turned off the shower and opened the door. The cool air felt wonderful against my wet skin, and it turned Jean’s nipples into little bullets. She took me by the hand and led me to the vanity, with both of us facing the mirror, she pulled me into her, my cock pressing against her ass, my hands moving again to her breasts, feeling her hard nipples against my palms. Looking at her in the mirror, the water still glistening off her body, she was beautiful. Jean pushed her ass against me, gently pushing me back as she bent over the vanity. Looking at me through the mirror, she said she wanted to feel me inside of her. I watched as she reached between her legs with one hand, grabbing my cock and guiding me towards her wet and waiting pussy.

Feeling the head of my cock slide inside of her, I moved my hands to Jean’s waist and pulled her into me as I pushed my cock deep into her. She was so wet, and felt so good. Starting slowly, she matched my forward thrusts with her own backward thrusts. I could feel her pussy squeezing my cock with each thrust. Both of us watching ourselves in the mirror, my thrusts became harder, deeper and faster. With one hand on her waist, pulling her into me, I reached around with the other and began to rub her clit. She let out a loud cry of pleasure and pushed herself harder back into me. I felt her pussy tighten around my cock and knew that we both were going to cum again. Still thrusting, Jean screamed as she orgasmed, her wetness covering my cock. Not able to hold it a second longer, I thrust deep inside of her as my own orgasm let loose. We both continued as our orgasms subsided.

Jean collapsed back into my arms. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her neck and cheeks. We stood in front of the mirror, both smiling. I made up my mind right then to buy the house. Jean was thrilled. I told her I wanted to see her again, she told me that she owned a cottage on the lake that she would love to show me sometime. I accepted her invitation, and I was so glad that I did. But that is another story.