 This is my first submission. If you like it and want me to continue, please provide feedback.

Thanks

Orion2012

_________________________________

While pumping gas into my car I heard my name being called out. I looked up to see a friend from my earlier college days. It was Robin. 

About 10 years ago while going to college, I tended bar at a local establishment. It was there that I first met and had the opportunity to work with Robin. Back then, I tried pretty hard to get into her pants but she had been married only a couple of years and was trying to be a good girl. 

As much as I wanted, we never did anything but we did get to know each other fairly well. Robin only worked at the bar for about a year and then quit. I worked there until graduation a year later, got a good job and then got married.

Now before me, walking across the parking lot was a very beautiful, petite middle-aged woman with platinum blond, shoulder length hair. She actually looked more beautiful now, than when she was younger. Her dark brown eyes sparkled as she looked at me and smiled. I think she caught me checking her out because her sexy bright red lips curved up as she kind of snickered. 

Robin was elegantly dressed wearing a white silk blouse and a plain black medium length skirt. A bright red silk scarf was lightly tied around her graceful neck. The red scarf was a perfect match to her lipstick color. I felt a tingle in my stomach (and a little bit lower); as I glanced down to see her sexy legs wrapped in shear, natural color hose that shimmered in the sunlight as she stood in front of me. On her feet she wore sexy black, spike heel shoes with two small straps across the toes and two across the ankle.

We exchanged pleasantries, briefly talking about our families, careers, where we lived, etc. while I kept admiring her amazing beauty. It was really difficult to concentrate on the conversation but I learned that she had earned her real estate license a few years ago and had been working up through the ranks of a local agency. 

The fuel station was getting busy and we needed to cut our conversation short, so she handed me her card and told me to call her. She said she'd like to show me a couple of houses but I told her that my wife and I were happy with the house we currently had. Robin surprised me by saying, "I figured that but I'd still like to personally show you one of my special listings." 

With wide eyes, I looked at her not really believing what I was hearing and she looked back at me and smiled. She leaned forward, wrapped her arms around me and gave me a hug. I wrapped my arms around her and felt her push her hips into mine. As she backed away she whispered into my ear, "Give me a call. I'll make it worth your while."

Again, she looked me in the eye, blew me a kiss with those shiny red lips and then turned and walked back to her car. I watched her open the car door and slip into the driver's seat. Her skirt slid up her sexy leg as she swung her legs into the car. She closed the door and waved to me as she drove off. 

I stood there for a minute trying to catch my breath. My mind was racing about what had just happened. I finished filling my car and paid for the gas. I got into my car and started to drive home. I kept looking at the card Robin had given me and tried to rationalize what had just happened. Had Robin propositioned me? It's been so long since I've been "chased" by anyone other than my wife that I really didn't know what to do. Before I got home, I tucked Robin's card into my wallet.

The next few days were normal. In my mind, I would occasionally play back the events of the gas station trying to figure out what Robin meant and what she intended. Maybe she just wanted to get together and catch up on our lives since the bar and maybe I really didn't hear what I though she had said.

I had almost decided to not call her when my Friday appointment called me and cancelled. I now had Friday afternoon open. I got Robin's card out of my wallet and called her. She sounded really excited when I told her I had Friday afternoon open and that I'd like to take her up on her offer to see one of her listings. She gave me the address and told me to be there at 12:30. I didn't tell my boss that my Friday afternoon appointment cancelled so I left the office at noon, telling them I'd be out the rest of the day. 

I arrived at the address Robin had given me. Her sign was out front and her car was in the drive. As I walked up to the front door, it opened and she welcomed me in. Her smile was just as bright and sensuous as when we were at the gas station and she was dressed just as elegant. She was wearing a charcoal black suit jacket with matching short skirt. Under the suit jacket, she wore a dark red silk shirt. Once again, she had a silk scarf wrapped around her neck, it too was black. 

I just smiled and stared at her. I was in awe of her beauty. Robin turned around and started to walk away from me. I heard her say that we should start our tour of the house, in the kitchen. I was somewhat disappointed when it appeared that she was just trying to sell the house. 

As she walked away from me, I looked down at her fantastic ass and then down the back of her legs. She was wearing sheer black hose with those same black spike heel shoes from the day before. Her legs were so sexy. Once again I felt a familiar tingling in my lower stomach. Even if I don't commit to buying the house, it will be worth the time getting to look at and be close to this amazing, beautiful woman for the next hour or so. 

I followed her into the kitchen as she pointed out the counter tops, the cabinets, the breakfast nook and the stainless steel appliances. Then she told me to stand at the sink and take a look out the window. I stepped up to the window and looked out into the back yard. As I stood there looking out the window, I felt Robins hands on my shoulders as she stepped up behind me. I closed my eyes as I felt her hot body mold itself against mine pinning me against the kitchen sink. I felt her hot breath against the back of my neck as she wrapped her arms around me and then I heard her whisper, "just look at that pool and hot tub. With the fenced in back yard, a couple could screw their brains out all day long and the neighbors wouldn't even know." 

Upon hearing this, my heart jumped and I could feel my cock begin to swell. She had to have known that it both shocked me while making me stand at attention. It was uncomfortable as Robin pressed me against the cabinet, restricting my growth. As I pushed back to give myself some room, I heard Robin let out a small gasp as my body pushed against hers. Then I felt Robin step away. I felt her hands on the shoulders of my jacket, pulling it off of me from behind. She laid it across the back of one of the kitchen chairs. I turned around to see her walking out of the kitchen, saying "now let's go see the upstairs." 

My head was spinning as I walked out of the kitchen. She was starting to walk up the stairs. I stopped at the bottom of the stairs and watched her delicious ass move as she climbed each step. Her skirt was just short enough to give me a peak at the top of her silk stockings. When she made it to the top, she stopped and turned around. She looked back down at me and smiled. She puckered her bright red lips and blew me another kiss. Robin started to unbutton her suit jacket then she turned to her right and disappeared down the hall. 

I took the steps two at a time and got to the top. I looked down the hall to find a jacket and two black shoes lying on the floor. I followed her clothing down the hall and through the door at the end. I saw her skirt in the entrance to the bedroom. 

As I stepped through the door, I saw Robin standing next to a large bed. The comforter had been pulled back to expose bright white satin sheets. The entire scene was overwhelming. I asked Robin if it was ok to do this. I didn't want to get caught by the home owners. She said that the people who were selling the house had already moved out of state and were waiting on this one to sell before moving the remainder of their furniture. She said we'd have as much time as we wanted. 

I stepped forward and stopped right in front of her. I looked into her sexy brown eyes. At that moment I was flooded with a carnal hunger, a deep desire to know everything about her. I needed to know how her smooth skin felt under my fingertips, how her lips felt pressed against mine, how her hot sweaty naked body felt as she ground against me. I needed to know how she tasted. I needed to know the sweetness of her lips. I needed to know what her nipples felt like as I sucked them into my mouth. I needed to know how wet her mouth was and how hot and steamy her pussy could get. I could see it in her eyes, she needed to know about me too.

I grabbed the sides of her face with both of my hands and pulled her face to mine. I heard her moan as our lips met. I felt Robin press her body against mine as she wrapped her arms around me. Her tongue slipped past my lips and into my mouth as her hands grabbed my ass and pulled me to her. 

As we kissed, I let my hands slip down her body to her soft round breasts. Through her silk shirt, I could feel her nipples get hard. Robin started to unbutton my shirt so I started to unbutton hers. She grabbed my hands and put them down to her sides. She broke off our kiss and told me to be patient. We resumed kissing as she continued to unbutton my shirt. When finished, she opened up my shirt and pressed her body against mine. I wrapped my arms around her and let my hands slip down to her hips. She pulled my shirt over my shoulders and then down my arms. I let go of her as she finished pulling my shirt off. 

I could feel the intensity of our passion increase as we wrapped our arms around each other. The feel of her body was exquisite. Her small, petite form felt amazing as I ran my hands down her back and cupped her soft round cheeks. My cock was ready to burst through my pants. Robin had this way of moving her body, grinding against me, driving me crazy. 

Robin broke our kiss as she started to kiss her way down my neck to my chest. As she bent forward, I let my hands slip around to cup her tits. I was trying to gently massage her tits until she sharply bit my nipple. I jumped and Robin just looked up into my eyes and smiled. She got a devilish look on her face as I felt her hands unbuckle my belt and unfasten my pants. 

We continued to look into each others eyes as she pulled my pants and underwear down in one, efficient motion. I heard Robin inhale as my swollen cock popped out right in front of her face. I kicked my shoes off and stepped out of my pants. Next, I felt Robin's soft warm hands wrap around my rock hard shaft. I closed my eyes and tilted my head back. I heard her giggle then I felt one of the warmest, wettest, softest mouths I've ever felt, engulf me. 

After the second or third stroke, I felt my entire cock slip into Robin's mouth and down her throat. It took everything I had to keep from exploding right then and there. My legs started to turn to jelly as Robin continued to give me one of the best blow jobs in my life. I could feel cum start to boil deep down in my balls. I had to hold on for as long as possible. It took every bit of concentration I had to open my eyes, look down at this beautiful woman and put my hand under her chin to have her stop and look up at me.

Robin looked into my eyes and slowly let my cock slip from her wet red lips. She slowly stood up, keeping her body close to mine. She rubbed her chest against my stiff, wet cock as she stood. She kissed my chest and once again, lightly bit my nipple. When she got eye to eye with me, we embraced in a hot passionate kiss. Her mouth tasted so sweet. I was completely intoxicated by this woman. 

The cook silk shirt she was still wearing felt amazing against my hot skin. I could feel her slippery, smooth legs, wrapped in silk stockings, as she rubbed her leg up and down my thigh. Robin knew how to keep me on edge. She then broke off our kiss and leaned forward, putting her lips up to my ear. This time she whispered, "I really love the feel of your hard cock in my mouth and I promise to finish that blowjob later, but first I want to feel you shoot every last drop of your hot steamy cum deep into my aching pussy."

She pulled away from my face and once again I saw that sexy, exotic smile along with that devilish look in her eyes. This afternoon was far from over.