 We meet when we were in our forties as divorced single parents. Our children had left the nest and now it was our turn. She was a devoted catholic girl who enjoyed intimate time, but had a lot of inhibitions both inside and outside the bedroom. Things had become mechanical and our love making was once every couple of weeks on average. We had a pool in our yard and on occasion we would frolic in the pool, but it was a task to get her to loosen up. When we had gone to the Caribbean, she tried snorkeling and loved it so much we purchased our own gear. She would take a deep breath, go underwater and not move as she watched the aquatic life swim around her. She could hold her breath from 40 to 60 seconds at a time. Remembering this I cooked up a plan that was going to test her inhibitions.

I found a couples resort that was about 5 hours east of where we live, in Pocono PA, that has private pools in the rooms. I called her work and set it up for her to get 3 days off, I told her we were taking a couples trip, did not give her details, told her to pack a bag, and I packed the entertainment including our dive masks and weight belts.

When we arrived we were upgraded to a bigger room with a little bigger pool in the room. We put things away in the room and I put the entertainment in the pool area that is enclosed, with warm air and warm water. As I was finishing up she came into the pool area with her bathing suit on. I had her stop, walked behind her and took it off her. She protested, but as I point out nobody can see in the pool unless they are in our room. She said she heard they have cameras in the rooms, I assured her there was not and she entered the water.

When I went into the pool I turned her around so she could not see what I was doing and I pulled out her diving mask that I had put a blindfold into. Again she protested and I asked her if I had done anything to her that led her to believe that she could not trust me or do anything that would hurt her. I went to exit the pool to go to the bar and she stopped me. We reached the agreement that I could do anything I wanted to do, but if it hurt or became uncomfortable I would stop.

After her mask was on with the blindfold, we sat on the submerge stair with her in front of me as I caressed her body but not touching her breast or vagina. I told her when I said the word down I would give her on breath and submerge her. She would tap my arm when she needed a breath. I said down and pushed her under caressing her body but not touching her breast or vagina. The weight belt was a big help in keeping her submerged. I did this 4 times and when she came up for air she admitted she was getting turned on. I submerged her again and when she was about half way through holding her breath, I squeezed her breast and pinched her nipples (squeezing her nipples reeves her engine), and she lost some air. I told her I was only going to give her 2 breaths before I submerged her again, and then under she went. I caressed some more, and then some nipple play, and then I parted her labia and brushed her clit. Her legs stiffened and she lost a lot of air. She took 2 breaths then under and I focused on her nipples with one hand and her clit with the other. She could stay down as long now as she was losing air from her arousal. I told her to inhale slowly 5 seconds or more and she could stay down longer. I began squeezing her nipples harder and picked up the pace of circles and finger flips on her clit. She was close and I knew it so I let her get an extra breath when I knew I could get her to orgasm. She went under using my leg to help keep her down I alternated nipples and worked her clit with rapid flicks. Her legs went out straight, she arched her back and lost all her air when the orgasm hit. I brought her to the surface and she was moaning like I had never heard. I gave her a few more breaths and said down which caught her off guard and I started her next orgasm. Within ten seconds she was rigid and blowing her air out with another orgasm, when I brought her to the surface she begged me to stop as her clit and vagina became too sensitive. 

She went to take her mask off and I stopped her, she said she needed a breather and I told her fine but the mask stays on until I say it can come off. She protested and I told her let your inhibitions go she might enjoy this. I told her if she protested anymore we would stop, go around the resort looking for other things to do. She stopped and moved onto the submerged seat.

I moved in front of her and began my oral assault. Kissing her neck and moving down I went under and licked and sucked on her nipples. When I came up for air I rolled her nipples between my fingers keeping the charge going. Back under I went down her stomach to her clit and vagina, parted her labia and could taste her sweet nectar as my lips hit her pussy.

I gave some gentle licks and she began to twitch. Above the water I told her she could build and explode underwater what would she like to do? She wanted to build above the surface more and would tap my head when she wanted to go under. Over the few breaths I had her twitching a lot. I was licking, flicking, and blowing bubbles across her clit, this had her building fast and I would place my mouth over her entire clit and suck on it for a few seconds engorging her clit with blood to magnify her orgasm. When I came up for a breath she immediately said she is ready and to bring her under with me. I took 2 extra-long breaths in and brought her under. I flicked and licked and knew she was ready, I reached up to her nipples and started squeezing, blew some air across her clit, and as she started to arch her body I squeezed her nipples hard, flicked her clit, and then as I sucked and started humming on her clit at the same time she exploded. She blew out so much air she started to sink and I brought her to the surface. I gave her 5 or 6 breaths said down and went right back to flicking, humming, sucking her clit and pinching her nipples. She exploded again within 15 seconds and I brought her to the surface. She begged for a rest because she said her clit was now too sensitive so I relented. She asked to take off her mask and could she get a drink. I covered my tool bag and gave her a wine cooler. When she finished her drink I had her put on her mask, she tried to reach out and stroke my cock but I said after a few more surprises. 

I began caressing her on the surface and when she had a good orgasm building I stopped went into the bag and pulled out a waterproof rabbit something she had never experienced. We went over the breathing rules and I brought her to the middle of the pool submerging the both of us. As I inserted the rabbit she blew all her air out and on the surface she again protested. I reminded her we could get out, she called me a bastard and I submerged her. As soon as she was under I turned on the vagina section and could tell she was trying to fight it. When we surfaced I gave her 2 quick breaths and submerged her again. She resisted a little until I turned on the clit vibrator and her movement stopped. On the next breath you could tell there was no more resistance just the build of another fire in her pussy. She had a low moan in her breathing, something that she had never done, and of course the rabbit was still on. When I submerged her I increased the vagina speed and changed the clit stimulation to another pattern. On the next breath her low moans were louder and I knew this was the time. I gave her a couple of extra breaths and under we went, immediately I changed the patterns on the rabbit and quickly attached 2 nipple clips. Bringing her to the surface she was breathing hard and moaning more. I turned the nipple clips on, submerged us and started rocking the rabbit in her pussy. Boom she went real rigid and screamed underwater blowing out all her air sinking to the bottom. Bringing her to the surface she was still riding her orgasm when I said to myself push her keep it going. I said down giving her 2 more breaths changed the patterns again, took off a nipple clip, sucked and nibbled on a nipple making explode again screaming underwater. On the surface she begged me to stop I said no, she said her clit was too sensitive, so I flipped the rabbit so the clit stimulator was now on her anus vibrating, put the nipple clip back on and took the other one off. I said down and submerged immediately sucking and biting her other nipple as my finger made circles on her clit. Almost immediately she went off with another big orgasm, losing all her air as she screamed. Bringing her to the surface she was coughing and choking on the water, so I pulled her to the seat and held her in my lap.

I took her mask off and could tell she was exhausted, she was grunting with each breath and needed to recharge. She was crying a little bit and I asked her why. Even though this was a new experience that she could never imagine, she felt wrong about some of the pleasures she experienced and could not figure out why she is so inhibited. I asked her what she felt was wrong. She said the vibration on her anus was what put her over the top again. We have never used her backdoor and she could not deny the pleasure she felt from the stimulation. Her catholic upbringing and school said that was off limits and sinful. She stroked my cock and said it my turn, I said she needs to rest a little before we start the next part which made her squirm. We got out of the pool to give time for the prune marks go away had a drink and a snack then started the next session which will be part 2 of this story.