 Chapters 1-3 are in my old profile livinglife55

*****

It had been 3 years since our first underwater sex trip to PA. Between remodeling and upgrading the house, a career change for her, and her daughter's wedding, we had not found the time to go back there. In our remodeling of the bathroom we had put in a slightly longer and deeper tub, but we were still restricted to what we could do in there together. We did have a hot tub outside, but with neighbors close by we could not cut loose like we did in PA.

It was a typical Midwest hot night in July, when around 11:30 at night, we decided to cool off in the hot tub. I had shut the heat off in June, and at night the water temp is around 86-90 degrees. We snuck out to the tub thinking her daughter who was getting married in 4 days, was staying at her boyfriend's place. We climbed in and starting kissing and caressing each other and my honey heated up real quick. The problem is she can be vocal, and in our neighborhood, 3 neighbors could easily be awakened by her. As I was sucking and nibbling on her nipples, I slowly let my other hand slide down to her pussy. I rubbed her lips avoiding her clit, squeezed and pinched her ass as I gently bite her nipples. When my finger came up to her pussy I could feel her juices oozing out and her clit was larger telling me she was close. I went in front of her and went below the water and started sucking, flicking, licking her clit and pussy. When I came up for air, I inserted 2 fingers in her pussy and started rubbing her G spot. She was building fast so I went back under to suck and flick her clit while I was working her G spot. As she is ready to orgasm she comes under the water because she gets vocal, so I expected her under any second. As I started blowing bubbles on her clit, all of a sudden I realize she is not under the water and her orgasm is hitting. I pull her under which surprised her, and she was coming hard. As I was able to grab a breath, I had her in front of me and stroked her G spot hard. She was almost out of air but I would not let her up as another wave of orgasm hit her pussy from my fingers. I brought her up and put my lips over her mouth but she could breathe through her nose. I did this to keep her vocal noise muffled with some success. 

When she caught her breath she looked at me pissed, and said what the fuck was I trying to do to her, drown her? I told her you know the rules for her orgasm underwater here because she is so vocal, and she was above the water starting her orgasm when I pulled her down. The extra G spot work was a push on her for not getting down quicker. As she lay in my arms and relaxed she rolled over took a breath and put my cock in her mouth working all of it for about 30 seconds. When she came up for air she nuzzled up to me and I said what the fucking are you doing, being a cock tease? She wanted to talk about what just happened. She said while she did not expect that, it was intense, and she knew I would not let anything happen. The dizziness from the lack of air and the orgasm was a big rush and she wanted to try this again. I said honey you are leaving for 6 days next week for work, and you need to empty my balls of cock juice before you leave. She smiled and asked if I had any of our waterproof toys outside. Of course I replied why? She said she needed to have her pussy fucked, but she wanted to also blow me at the same time. When I asked her what toy she wanted I smirked because I knew she would want the rabbit. 

She also pulled her bikini bottom into the water. As she was under the water sucking my cock, she was working the rabbit in her pussy, her moaning on my cock as she is fucking the rabbit get things motoring fast. When she came up for air she said she was close, and I told her so was I. She put her bikini bottom on to hold the rabbit in so she could work my cock with 2 hands. She went back under and had me ready, when she came up for air I said I was ready she said she was too, and we both took deep breaths. Instead of her being on top I rolled her over so she was on the bottom and I was on the top as she was sucking my cock. She was moaning on my cock which made me thrust as I was ready to fill her mouth with come juice. Her hips were bucking, some air was leaking out with her moaning but I held onto mine. As she was starting to come I was almost there, she reached up and played with my balls which unexpectedly made me thrust deeper causing her to gag and lose a lot of air. She was out of air, coming hard when I started to fill her mouth with my love juice. I needed air, she needed it more as I brought her to the surface. She took a big gasp of air as I held her and said try to be quiet.

I held her in my arms as she caught her breath. What she said next surprised me. As her orgasm was hitting her pussy and she gagged on my cock loosing air, she became dizzy and this orgasm was more intense than the one she had earlier when I was finger fucking her pussy and G spot when she was out of air. Being the wise ass I am I said all good things come in threes, you have one more to go tonight. Expecting a no she was done, she shocked me when she said fuck yea, she wanted her night cap. I asked how she wanted to be fucked now, and she told me her favorite soft loving way. I smiled and said no problem. As we lay in the tub a few minutes we realized the moon was full and our neighbors could be getting a show we smiled and giggled not knowing her daughter was 10 feet away watching us through her window from her dark room. 

I slowly began caressing her body avoiding her breasts, nipples, and pussy. I was whispering in her ear that as she built up I would go back under the water and work her pussy and clit over with my mouth, but she was not allowed to come when I did this. I reached into the toy bag and pulled out some additional toys. I attached the 2 nipple clips so they were snug but not painful, and did not turn them on. As I was fingering her pussy and clit her hips started to buck, so I slowed down and even stopped which she protested. I went between her thighs, lifted her ass and started teasing her clit with my tongue, the pussy juice was flowing enough I could taste it in the water and I told her that. I brought her pussy with me under the water and worked my tongue over her clit coming up for air a few times. She said honey I am ready; please don't make me wait any longer. I thought about it but said I agree you are ready. I went to her side as she floated in front of me. I slide a well lubricated slim toy into her ass and turned it on. I turned on the nipple clips, slid the rabbit back in her pussy and started rocking it. As she was building to her orgasm she looked at me and asked me to hold her under the water longer during her orgasm. 

I said no problem as I continued to build her even sucking her nipples over the top of the nipple clips. She took some big breaths and taped my arm to put her under the water. She is capable of holding her breath for 45 seconds so I thought I would go I minute on my watch. She was really squirming but had not orgasm or blown out any air as she approached the 45 second mark, so I thought what the hell keep going. I picked up the pace of rocking the rabbit back and forth and up and down in her pussy, then bang she was there. Her legs stiffened, she arched her back and blew out all her air. Her orgasm continued and I kept fucking her with the rabbit and wiggling the toy in her ass. She stiffened again, and arched her back even tighter losing my hold on her and she sunk to the bottom. I lifted her up and brought her to the surface for air, what a gasp she took as she broke the surface, and she was pulling the toys out of her pussy and ass pleading them to stop. I removed the nipple clips and bent down to suck on her nipples, she rolled over underwater and came back up saying no she could not take more. I held her and let her catch her breath, a couple of minutes had gone by when she placed my hand on her pussy and I could feel the twitching. She said she need to rest a few minutes she could not walk, so I held her in my arms kissing her. As we talked she told me she could not believe the new intense orgasms she had and how she wanted to go somewhere where she did not have to hold back. 

When she was ready we went into the house and did not take long to fall asleep. Later on in the early morning hours I woke to hear the hot tube running, looked out the window and saw her daughter getting in. We did not expect her home but I smiled and feel back to sleep waking with a hard on that the love of my life rode to a quick discharge.

That night she went out with her daughter to get some things for the wedding that was in 3 days, had dinner and went out drinking. When she climbed into bed with me a little after midnight, she had a smile on her face as she went right to my cock and started sucking it deep. She had a little buzz and said I have a story to tell you. Her daughter had told her she wanted some ideas for their honeymoon in the islands that would sexually surprise her new husband. Their room had a plunge pool and now she had the ideas. My wife said what ideas do you have? Her daughter said "the same ones I watched you do in the hot tub last night". My wife was floored, when we thought she was not home she was home all along, heard us, she got out of bed and watched us for the whole thing. My wife was floored she didn't know what to say. Her daughter went into the tub after us and masturbated slipping underwater as she had her orgasm to not wake us. Her daughter asked that we remove our toys next time from the bottom of the tub when we finish so she doesn't find them (oops). As her daughter requested, mom took her toy shopping for waterproof devices for her honeymoon. I sat my wife up, had her sit on my face, licked, flicked and sucked her clit, squeezing her nipples until she came, rolled her over doggy style fucked her hard and shot my load all over her ass. I reached down to her ear and said "I am glad to see you daughter's sex drive is like her mother's".