 Copyright 2017 by EroticStorm ©

The Author, EroticStorm reserves all rights and licenses to this work of literature. EroticStorm prohibits any part of this publication to be reproduced, distributed, or stored. Alternatively, be transmitted in any form and by any means.

Of course, these limitations include photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods. However, this is not a restrictive list.

Nevertheless, there are the exceptions of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews. Or certain other purposes that aren't commercial and allowed by copyright law. However, in all cases, the written permission of the publisher or the Author will be needed.

This book is fiction, and all names, places or other known materials used for this story and any likenesses with reality are purely coincidental.

A disclaimer: The material in this book is for mature audiences only and contains explicit sexual content. The intention of this book of literature is for the enjoyment of those aged 18 years and older.

Author's note: All characters portrayed in this work of fiction are 18 years of age or older.

Background.

Desire is a human trait that leads us to do some irrational things. However, most of the time we hold our cravings in check. Then as we move on with our lives, we look back and consider the what-ifs of some of those paths we chose to bypass.

As a writer, I can create some of those fantasies for you. What my words portray might not be exactly how you would have liked your forbidden fantasies to play out. However, they are my version of some that most of us can relate to in our lives.

I've written a few of those fantasies, in a series of books called, 'A Woman's Pleasure.'

Book Description: -

Adult content 18+

I've written this erotic romance story, 'A Friend with Benefits' in the 2nd person. It's the 2nd book in, "A Woman's Pleasure Series,' of erotic short stories.

The theme of this erotic series is to bring women pleasure. By writing it in 2nd person, it allows the reader to slot into the character. Be warned though; you'll feel like you are having a sexual encounter as it's written in a cyber-sex chat format.

As the title suggests, the theme is a couple who are intimate, thus the title, 'A Friend with Benefits.' Of course, the male is your typical alpha male, bad boy, who loves to pleasure women. He also enjoys seeing a woman have multiple orgasms before he takes his pleasure.

I've used very detailed and descriptive words to depict a picture of the action as it unfolds between this couple. They're embracing in the act of sensually seductive foreplay and copulation as the story unfolds in this steamy, hot sex chat.

Do enjoy the theme as you immerse yourself in the story. It will bring you into the world of sensual pleasure and orgasmic bliss ...

This series of short stories describe sex or love making as one would hope couples interact. I take quite a deal of time to describe a sensual and pleasurable experience for both. As we all would hope, sex shouldn't be a mundane chore.

✫✫✫✫ . . . • ° * """"" * ° • . . . ✫✫✫✫

All oral, sexual and foreplay applications portrayed in my books are unique methods that work. I'm aware of the fact that a lot of women wouldn't have heard of some of the erogenous spots mentioned. Or for that matter used the methods of stimulation outlined.

However, these are techniques that I've personally used in a real situation and can lead to some fantastic orgasms. That part is up to you and your partner or you alone I'm afraid, but if I've brought it to your attention, I've done a good thing. Enjoy! No one will judge.

Most of my titles touch on BDSM, domination, submission and the alpha male. The two series that I'm writing at present go into this lifestyle a little further than my short stories. 

With the relaxed sexual boundaries that prevail in today's liberal society, a lot of women secretly crave the fantasy of submission. For most, it's a means of escape from reality and the everyday pressures of life. 

I know that a lot of very successful women use the lifestyle, as escapism from their high-powered jobs. It allows them to surrender all decision making to another, even if only for a short spell, maybe just on weekends away from their workplace.

Table of Content:

Chapter 1: - Prelude.

Chapter 2: - Setting the Scene.

Chapter 3: - Steamy Build-Up.

Chapter 4: - Made to Orgasm.

Chapter 5: - Devouring Honey.

Chapter 6: - Orgasm Again.

Chapter 7: - Number Three.

Chapter 8: - The Fuck.

Chapter 1: - Prelude.

I'm having a quiet day writing the latest story on my laptop. That's when I receive that familiar "Ping-Ping" sound of an incoming message in the chat box of my G-mail account.

I quickly switch pages and open the box. It's showing me that there's a chat post from you.

"Hello, Sir. I'm so damn horny now. I'd be very appreciative if you would have a cyber-sex chat with me," the message on my screen reads.

It takes me a few seconds to recognize the name showing on the account displayed. However, when I do, I'm thinking, 'It's been a few months since I've heard from you.'

Nevertheless, from what I can remember about you, you're very responsive to my cyber sessions and have always treated me respectfully. Then, I recall that you like a dominant partner in bed.

"Okay, Pet. But why after such a long time without hearing from you?" I reply.

"I've been backpacking around Europe, Sir. However, now I'm back. But I'm as horny as hell. Of course, you know how addictive your words can be. Hell, while I was away they're the one thing that I missed the most. I'm craving that arousing effect they have on me," a message from you reads.

"Fair enough, Pet. So, tell me, how was your trip?" I send back.

"I had a great holiday, Sir. However, can we chat about that later, I'm in urgent need of a release here and not just any climax? I want one of your body shaking and mind-numbing experiences." A message comes straight back.

"Hum, now that's the little sex kitten I remember. What sort of cyber do you have in mind? Do you have any specific requests that I can work on during the chat?" I reply.

"Well, I would love a long sizzling hot chat. I've not had a good fucking for a long time. So, with that in mind, I would appreciate it if you could bring me to the point of having multiple orgasms." The response from you clicks up on my screen.

"Sir, in addition to that, my clit is already throbbing, and my pussy is twitching in anticipation. All because I crave your words. What have you got in mind for me today?" another message comes from you moments later.

"Well, we're great friends. Of course, a friend in need is a friend indeed. So, what do you think about that for a theme, Pet."

"That sounds great, Sir."

"Let's make it, 'A Friend with Benefits.' I think that theme will allow the chat to develop into a long afternoon of cyber-sex," I send back.

"I'm ready when you are," comes back into my chat box.

"Okay, Pet. Here goes," I send back.

Chapter 2: - Setting the Scene.

I'm enjoying the pace of a leisurely drive home, as I travel along the waterfront, towards my apartment. Then my phone rings with an incoming text.

I pull to the curb and retrieve my phone from the passenger's seat. Opening it, I see a text from your number. It's been a while since we had contact with each other. Delicious memories begin going through my mind from the last time we were together.

"What're you doing tonight, Sir? I'm extremely horny, and we haven't had fun in a while," reads your text.

Sitting in my car, I'm watching the surf roll onto the beach. The thought of a long, hot lovemaking session with you stirs me, causing my erection to rise in my jeans.

I'm reminiscing and lost for a moment in the memories of past encounters with you. Until the sound of a massive wave crashing on the beach jolts me back into the present. There's no doubt at all in my mind as to what I should do next.

"I'm sitting in my car on the Esplanade; I'll be at your place in ten minutes, Pet," I reply.

"I'll be upstairs waiting for you, Sir. I've left a key to the house in the same spot," comes back a text.

I put my phone down and turn my car in the direction of your house. Wanting to take you by surprise, I shut down the car while approaching the driveway. In doing so, it allows the vehicle to roll to a stop. Upon exiting my car, I closed the door quietly so as not to announce my arrival.

After moving with stealth towards your front door, I get the key from the hiding place where you always leave it out for me. Removing my shoes, I open the door and put them on the floor inside, before making my way up the stairs to your room.

Tiptoeing along the hallway, I arrive at the doorway to your bedroom and find the door is ajar. Enough for me to see you moving towards your bed dressed only in pink lace panties and a matching bra. As I watch you, I remove my shirt, unbutton and lower the zipper of my jeans.

The noise of my movement alerts you to my presence. You look up in my direction. With the element of surprise lost, I move into the room, lower and remove my jeans, discarding them onto the dressing chair.

As I make progress towards the end of the bed, you eagerly look over my toned body, sculptured by many years of training for triathlons. I stand at an impressive six feet tall, and one hundred and eighty-five pounds of well-toned muscle.

At the base of the bed, I bend and lower my boxers. Upon straightening, my seven-inch long, two-inch thick cock is fully erect, reaching almost to my belly button.

Chapter 3: Steamy Build-Up.

You waste no time raising that gorgeous body of yours up onto your knees. Then you're quick to shuffle down the bed towards me.

The heat roaring through your already tense groin and belly begin to relax a bit. The nervous tension drains away, replaced by an almost overwhelming sensation of erotic heat flowing through your nervous system.

The mixed aroma of your aroused sex and perfume is the most intoxicating fragrance, I've enjoyed in a long time. 'Fuck!' I muse, you're making me horny.

As you reach me, you sit back on your legs and plant a mischievous smile on your face. You marvel at my cock standing erect in all its glory. Reaching out with your left hand, you drag your fingernails up the underside of my hardened shaft.

I flinch, as your nails graze into my sensitive skin, causing a tormented look on my face.

Satisfied that you have me under your control, you grip my cock firmly and pump the rigid shaft several times. On each occasion, you are pulling the skin of my cock tighter. When you see the crown glistening with my secretion, you stop.

Then you slide your fingers up along the shaft. As if to tease me more, you drag a finger ever so lightly through the eye. Then you lift your finger to your full, puckered lips and suck the precum that has coated the tip of the digit.

You close your eyes as you savor the taste of my salty excretion. "Ohhhhh," then you release a pleasured moan before returning your hand to my shaft.

Now your fingers are continuing upward until you reach the head. When they arrive at their destination, you are quick to roll the palm of your hand through the precum that's dripping from the eye of my cock.

As you sensually tumble the palm of your hand, you're spreading the oily liquid over and around the crown. Then you set to work stimulating the sensitive nerves, as you rotate your wrist around the bloated head and the exposed flange. All the time you hold your gaze into my eyes looking for my reaction.

That response is quick to come as I feel my body shudder. "Ohhhhh, ahhhhhhh," I close my eyes and roll my head back, as I moan. My body is quivering from the intense surging chill passing through me.

While you have me lost in the joy of the moment, you're combing the fingers of your right hand through my hair. After several moments of sensual caressing, you slide your finger around to the back of my neck and tilt my head forward.

Meanwhile, my eyes remain closed, until my lips contact the soft, moist flesh of your mouth. When they do, you thrust your sublime tongue past my lips and into my welcoming mouth. 

Your probing, but unwilling to take what you want unless I freely show my desire.

When I respond, your tongue searches the depths of my mouth before swirling around my tongue. I'm quick to engage your tongue in a passionate duel. Our craving grows, and the desire for more builds, as our tongues, continue to probe, thrust and dart between each other's mouths.

The encounter of erotic lust on display continues to intensify. Made even more urgent as fingers claw at hair or scrape along flesh, scalding skin.

The brilliant display of passionate need ends with a sensual, yet soul-searching dance of our tongues as they tumble erotically around each other.

As our bodies move together, I slide my hands around you to unfasten the clips holding your bra. When released it allows your bra straps to fall loosely on your shoulders. Guiding my fingers up along the straps, I move them free from your flesh, and your bra falls away from you.

With the garment discarded, I slide my hands between our bodies. Now able to freely move my hands, I slide my fingers up along the bare flesh of your stomach. When I reach the soft, firm flesh of each breast, I cup and then squeeze each orb.

I can feel you tense as my fingers knead the supple flesh of your breasts. "Ohhhhh, ahhhhhhh," you moan, and your body quivers at my ministration.

I'm pleased when I hear that my action is eliciting a deep moan of satisfaction from you. Releasing my grip, I circle each nipple softly with my fingertips. My fingers draw invisible spirals around the areola and nipple of each breast, provoking them into hard pink pebbles.

The constant movement of the tips of my fingers over and against your nipples and areola is exciting you. Your breasts are becoming even more sensitive and aroused as they swell.

My action is sending a shiver through your body. "Ahhhhhhhh," you moan into our joined mouths as we maintain our kiss.

It's not long before; I come to notice the tension within your body, building. Then, I move my fingers around your nipples, gripping them tightly. With a tight hold, I twist each nipple hard before releasing them.

Your physical reaction is to jerk your body as an intense surge of arousing stimuli passes through you. "Ohhhhhh, God, Sir. Fuck...," crooning your quick to tell me. 

When I again tweak your nipples, your body trembles and a surge of electrifying pleasure shoots downwards toward your throbbing clit.

To you, your body feels like another ten thousand nerves are alive and exposed. Your pussy has become dripping wet, as you feel the warmth radiating from your inner core.

Frantic to let me know what you're feeling, you grip the shaft of my cock and stroke its full length firmly, pulling the skin tight. In your desperate need to distract me, you spend several moments pumping my cock vigorously. Then once you slide your hand back up to the head, you squeeze until it becomes painful for me.

However, I maintain my constant tweaks of your nipples. As the jolts to your body increase in intensity, you are struck by a rush of endorphins. They surge through you and set your whole body alight.

"Ahhhhhhh, ohhhhhh," with your arousal continuing to build, your moans get deeper and longer as you expel them into our conjoined mouths.

I can hear and feel how wanton you have become. Still, I want to build the level of need within you higher, as you relish in the pleasure-pain sensation coursing through your body.

To this end, I maintain my hard-stinging twist and release action of each nipple. Now when I do, your body is so sensitive that each tweak, racks your enlivened body.

The jolts that course through your body are driving your need to ever higher levels. Your pussy and clit are swollen, sensitive and throbbing with desire.

However, you have yet to reach the level that I want from you, and I continue with my torturous twisting of your nipples. But now on each occasion, your body shakes and trembles as deep moans force our kiss to break apart.

As you separate our lips, I suck your tongue into my mouth and bite on the tip. You double over slightly from the continuous jolts, and in the process, you loosen your grip around the head of my cock.

Chapter 4: - Made to Orgasm.

In your elevated state of arousal, your pussy is so wet that your juices are trickling down your leg. Any thoughts you had of taking my cock in your mouth become a distant memory as your desire for release grows by the minute.

Releasing your tongue from my grip of my teeth, I suck and kiss my way over onto the right side of your neck, and then upwards to your ear. Reaching your ear, I swirl my tongue around your lobe and exhale my hot breath into the wet trail I have left behind.

My titillating action sends further chilling shudders through your body. Then when I think you have become used to my ministration, I vary my actions by sucking and nibbling on your ear lobe.

All this is forcing the level of your arousal to rise even higher. It causes your breathing to become deep and labored. Then your fingers grasp my hair tighter in your attempt to steady yourself. Made even more urgent as your body starts to shake.

You begin to feel the orgasm that's building within your core. It's starting to radiate outwards, spurred on by the constant shocks your body is experiencing.

Hearing your breathing getting labored, I move my lips away from your ear. Only to kiss and suck a path lower along the curve of your neck. I can feel your body shiver as my lips reach a sensitive spot at the base.

Pausing at that sensitive zone, I take some time to suck at your skin. Then I draw your swollen flesh into my mouth.

"Ohhhhhh, ahhhhhh, shit, 'No,'" you murmur.

When I hear, deep moans rolling up out of your chest, I bite into the swollen skin. Your body convulses and shudders as your fingers tear at my hair. 

As I'm relishing in your reaction, I take a moment to ponder, 'whom might you have to hide this mark from in the future? It's my mark of passion for all the world to see.'

Now having left my mark of lust on your body, I moved from the swollen, bruised skin of your neck. I twist your body and lower you onto your back. Once settled, I crawl over your petite frame like a prowling panther. And I'm a horny Panther at that.

As we settle on the bed, my fingers return to tease and arouse your nipples. In unison with my sucking and kissing along your shoulder and over onto your chest.

I work my way along the top of your supple yet firm breasts. Then down into the valley between them. Now that I have a destination in mind and with my lips rapidly advancing, I surrender your right breast to my tongue and lips.

Nevertheless, more is to come, as my left hand departs your right breast. With a very light teasing movement of my tongue, I swirl and flick around your swollen, sore nipple and sensitive areola.

"Ahhhhhhh, ohhhhhh," with your body now subjected to the dual sensations of pain and pleasure, your moans get louder and deeper. Your orgasm is getting even closer to release. Your body is trembling as the raging furnace within the pit of your stomach grows.

You soon feel me using my fingertips to glide over the voluptuous curves of your body. Still, I'm moving ever lower, trailing a path down onto the soft, smooth skin of your stomach and towards your belly button. With each reactive shudder of your body, I know that my fingers are tantalizing your skin and leaving a trail of goosebumps in their wake.

On reaching your sensitive navel, I'm using my fingertips to do a swirling dance into and around it. My action is eliciting moans and shivers from you that strike at your core. Then I move away and traverse a path down toward your lower stomach.
