 It had been over a month since I had seen Jean. The last time was at the closing of my new home, a home sold to me by Jean. We had talked and traded e-mails several times between our first encounter and the closing, but neither of us could work our schedule so that we could be together. I was learning so much about her, and the more I learned, the more I wanted to know. In several of our communications we talked about her prior invitation to me to join her at her lake cottage, something both of us looked forward to doing.

During the closing, we flirted and rubbed feet under the table. I was still attracted to her and our talks had only added to that. At the closing, Jean wore a very professional suit; however, she wore the jacket with the top button undone and her skirt had a nice slit up the side. Jean sat in such a way that only I could see inside her jacket. She continually shifted, showing me her perfect A-cup breasts and hard nipples through a very sexy and sheer bra. If I wasn’t looking down her jacket, I was looking at her legs as she crossed and uncrossed them. The slit in her skirt provided just enough of a view to see the top of the thigh-highs she wore underneath. I sat through most of the closing with a hard-on that was almost painful. A few times I felt Jean’s hand brush against my hardness as she leaned over to look at a document. When she turned back to me, she had a nice smile, but I could also see the wicked glint in her eyes.

We walked out of the closing together. Jean walked me to my car. I didn’t have much time until my next meeting, but I couldn’t resist opening the passenger door for her. I watched as she got in. She gave me a brief, but perfect glance of the beautiful silk panties she wore. Getting in on the other side, I closed my door, and we both started to laugh. 

“You really had me going, Jean. At the end I wasn’t sure if I was going to be able to stand up to shake hands. Had you not stopped when you did, my erection would have been obvious to everyone in there.” 

Through conversations, I had learned that Jean, like me, was not so much an exhibitionist as she was a risk taker. She did not necessarily want others to watch, but she loved the thrill of the potential of getting caught. 

Jean replied, “I know, but I just couldn’t help myself. You felt so good. I wanted so badly to take you into my hand and stroke you. At one point, I thought the seller’s wife knew what I was doing. She had a knowing smile on her face. Come on Bob, take me home. I need you so badly right now.” 

“I wish I could, Jean, but I have a client meeting in thirty minutes.” 

I could tell Jean was very disappointed. Knowing we both had a free weekend coming up I told Jean I could leave the office early that Friday, with the thought that maybe we could spend the weekend together. Instantly that wicked glint returned to Jean’s eyes.

“You up for something fun? Maybe a trip to Lake Michigan?” Jean asked. “You know we have been talking about it for over a month now.”

As if there was ever any doubt, I , of course, agreed. When I told her I would pick her up early Friday, she merely shook her head and said she had a better idea. She told me she would e-mail me with the details. With that, Jean gave me a short but passionate kiss, sharing her tongue with me. She told me I would hear from her before Friday, and with that, she got out of the car. I watched her beautiful ass as she walked away from me, my mind racing with wonderfully dirty thoughts.

The next couple of days were busy, early mornings and late nights. I had not heard from Jean nor had I had a minute to contact her. When I arrived at the office on Thursday morning, I checked my e-mail and saw one from Jean with an attachment. The e-mail merely gave me directions to a restaurant near her cottage on Lake Michigan and indicated that I should be there by 7:30 p.m. the following evening. She told me to dress nicely as the restaurant was upscale. I then opened the attachment and became instantly erect. The photo attached was of Jean, dressed in a very slinky and sheer camisole with matching panties. She had a hand on one of her breasts, her fingers apparently pinching her nipple. The other nipple was a hard as the one she was pinching. Her other hand was just barely inside her panties. I swear I could see a wet spot soaking through. I needed no further enticement.

The next day, I got up early and packed so that I could leave immediately from work. I had a difficult time focusing all day because I constantly had pictures of Jean in my head. Leaving later than I wanted, I arrived at the restaurant just a few minutes before 7:30. The restaurant was very nice. The outside had more of a mountain feel than a lake feel to it, almost as though it would be better suited to be in Vail than on Lake Michigan. Wearing the same suit I had worn to the office, I wished I had time to change. Walking in, I noticed that the interior was as wonderful as the outside. The entire back of the restaurant had a large windows which faced Lake Michigan. Being early fall in Michigan, the sun was just setting over the lake giving the patrons a spectacular view of the lake and the sunset. The wait staff was eloquently dressed, and the tables were set far enough apart to provide some privacy.

Approaching the hostess stand, I immediately saw Jean walking up from one of the back corners of the restaurant. On the prior occasions I had seen Jean, I had never seen her in anything but professional, work-type clothes. This occasion was much different. Jean had on a beautifully cut, black silk dress. It was loose fitting, but at the same time, seemed to hug every curve of her body. As I had seen in the past, she wore no stockings to cover her beautifully toned legs. I could see a hint of nipple showing through her dress – not so much to seem obvious, but enough to make things interesting. Since the restaurant was warm from the large stone fireplace in the center of the room, I assumed her hardened nipples were due to her being excited to see me.

Watching her walk towards me, I felt even worse for not having gone home and changed after I left work. Jean did not seem to notice. She walked up to me with a huge smile on her face, said hello, and reached up to give me a warm kiss along with a very nice body-to-body hug. I could already feel the blood stirring below. I could also feel her hand quickly, but firmly grab by ass and pull me into her.

Jean told me how glad she was I made it and told me she had already gotten us a table. As she lead me to the table, I watched her perfect ass move under her silk dress. I also watched how the men and women watched her as she walk to the table. She had a way about her and exuded sexuality.

The table where we had been seated could not have been better located. It was a booth against a back wall, with high sides. The lights in the restaurant were now low, the closest overhead light being about 5 feet from the table. We were almost in shadows. The table gave us a perfect view of the lake. The sun was now almost completely below the surface, but with a full moon and no clouds, you could still see the waves coming ashore. The tables around us were occupied; however, we could not see the tables on either side of us. 

Most of the people that sat at the tables in front of us were sitting with their backs to us, facing the lake. The lone exception was a very attractive man and woman, both in the early to mid-thirties, sitting at the only table directly in front of ours. They were about 20 feet away and sat facing each other, with their profiles to our table. Both dressed extremely well, she in an expensive and sexy summer dress, he in slacks and a silk dress shirt.

As soon as we sat, I leaned into Jean, kissed her check, and then whispered into her ear, “You know, I can’t tell you how badly I wanted to get here, especially after the invitation you sent me. I loved your picture.”

Jean turned her head, looked into my eyes and smiled. Her eyes shone again with that sly, wickedness showing just below the surface. I did not know exactly what she was thinking, but I know I felt the electricity running between us. She leaned in and gave me a kiss, and then told me it was only the beginning.

Throughout dinner, Jean and I talked and laughed. Jean had ordered a nice Merlot and some appetizers before I had arrived. The wine and food were excellent. The talk turned to our first encounter in the steam room in what is now my house. Jean told me how she relived that day in your mind over and over. She also told me that the buyers came home about 30 minutes after I left. We both laughed at the idea of the couple coming home an hour earlier, catching us at the height of our passion. The couple had asked Jean about the water in the steam room and the wet towels. She had lied to them that I had turned the shower on with the doors opened, and that she had used the towels to dry the floor. She said they looked very suspiciously at her drying hair.

Reliving my first sexual experience with Jean made me feel as if I was there again. We talked about the build-up and the excitement. Neither had expected it, but we both had wanted it so badly. I could feel my face flush as we spoke, and I could see Jean’s nipples becoming even harder than they had been. Jean must have been watching my gaze to her breasts because she almost immediately reached up with her hand and let her fingertips brush against one nipple and then the other. As she looked up and into my face, she pinched her nipple through her dress. 



Looking around, I saw the woman at the table in front of us watching us. Because the light was so low, I did not know whether she could actually see what Jean was doing. However, she leaned into her dinner partner, whispered something and then thry both slowly turned and looked at us,a small grin on his face. I found myself becoming even more aroused.

I was dying to feel Jean, to touch her and have her touch me. Taking off my shoes, I ran my foot up Jean’s calves. At my touch, Jean slightly parted her legs. She continued touching and pinching her nipples, one then the other, her eyes now nearly closed. Moving my foot higher up her thigh, I told Jean how incredibly sexy she looked and how turned on she was making me. Continuing to run my foot up her thigh, Jean moved forward in her seat and spread her legs farther apart. She reached down and grabbed my foot, pulling it up to her pussy. I could feel the warmth from her pussy against my foot as I massaged her with my toes and foot. 

Letting go of my foot, she let me take over, massaging and caressing her pussy with my foot. Jean then ran her hand back up her body and ran her fingernails over her nipples. It felt as though all my blood had left the extremities of my body and pooled in my cock. This woman was incredible, smart, beautiful and sexy. My desire to be with her was growing by the second. I continued to rub her as she continued to play with her nipples. I glanced over and saw the couple in front of us watching intently. I was not sure whether Jean knew they were watching or not, but at that moment, I did not care. I was lost in the moment and the excitement.

After dinner, Jean moved closer to me. While she kissed my neck and ear, I felt her hand on my thighs, squeezing and rubbing. Each time her hand moved higher up my thigh, I felt myself get just a little bit harder. I began to feel the wetness of my precum soaking through my boxers and my trousers. I did not know how more of this I could take. Before we had finished dessert, Jean was touching and rubbing my now extremely hard cock, which was straining against the zipper of my trousers. Without a word, or even a slight glance around, Jean quietly unzipped my pants and stroked by cock through by boxers. Feeling my head swimming in delight, I laid my head back as I felt her grab my cock and slowly stroke me up and down. I was completely lost in the moment, loving the feeling of her small, soft hand gripping my cock, when suddenly she stopped. I opened my eyes and saw our waitress approaching. After telling our waitress we did not need anything else, I looked over at Jean, who was licking my wetness off of her fingers.

I pulled Jean over to me and kissed her neck. She moved into me, placing her head on my shoulders and closing her eyes. I stroked her arm and upper chest, feeling her chest rise and fall in deep, shallow breaths. I glanced back over to the couple, who had also finished their dinner and dessert. The man had moved next to the woman, both of them now facing our table directly, and both watching us with keen interest. Looking directly at the couple, I moved my hand down the inside of Jean’s blouse, rubbing her nipple with the palm of my hand. 

A soft moan escaped Jean’s lips as my hand brushed over Jean’s incredibly hard nipple. Jean’s hand went back inside my pants, and I shuddered as she ran her fingernails up and down my shaft. Losing all control, I rolled her nipple between my thumb and finger. Jean’s hand closed around my cock briefly before she abruptly stood up and told me she had to go to the ladies room. In a state of utter arousal and some shock, I watched Jean slide out of the booth and walk past me, her nipples hard and clearly showing through her silk dress. I zipped up my trousers, and then looked over to the table in front of us. The man and the woman were both smiling. The man raised his glass as though to “toast” our actions. I smiled, nodded my head, leaned my head back and closed my eyes.

Within a few minutes, Jean was back, although now she had an envelope in her hand. Bending over to hand me the envelope, she kissed me, then whispered, “I will see you in a little while.”

Starting to ask a question, she placed her fingers over my lips and said that everything I needed to know was in the envelope. Reaching down, she playfully touched the wet spot on my trousers and brought her finger to her lips. She licked her finger, winked and turned. I watched as she left the restaurant.

I opened the envelope, not knowing what to expect. The first thing that hit me was the wonderful, but very musky, aroma that rose out of the envelope. Reaching in, I pulled out a beautiful pair of black lace panties. I turned them over and could see the wet spot on the front. I was so aroused. Looking back into the envelope I also found a note. The note told me how wonderful it was to see me, and how she could not believe all of the feelings, emotions and desires that I brought out in her. She explained that she had ordered me a glass of a nice Tawny Port and had paid the bill. Through the note, she told me to take my time and sip the Port, enjoying the soft blues music and the atmosphere. I was told to leave about 30 minutes after she did and to follow the map she had drawn to her cottage. 

At the end of her note there was a p.s., “My panties don’t really show you how wet I am. You should see my wetness glistening and running down my thighs. I can’t wait to see you. J.B.”

I sat there, absently fondling Jean’s panties, letting the wonderful smell loft up to me. I had been with women in the past, some of whom had excited me, but no one had ever come anywhere close to this. I was in my own world, my own thoughts, when the couple from the other table approached me without me noticing. It wasn’t until the woman spoke that I was brought back into this world. 

“We just wanted to thank you for the entertainment. You guys seem so sexy with each other, and, quite frankly, we are so turned on right now. Just wanted to thank you and tell you that you should not keep her waiting too long. We hope we see you both again.” With smiles on their faces, they turned and left.

My drive to the cottage was beautiful. The road followed the lake shore. I drove slowly, with my window down, listening to the surf roll in. When I turned into the drive marked by the map, I was taken aback. The “cottage” was more of a large house than a lake cottage – 2-stories, probably 3,000 square feet, with a stone exterior. I saw lights coming from inside, but from the flickering, it seemed to be firelight and candlelight. I stopped the car and got out. 

There was almost complete solitude and everything seemed perfect. I left my bag in the car and walked up to the door just to let Jean know I had arrived. Before I could knock, the door swung open. The sight was almost too much. Jean stood in the doorway. She was wearing a camel-colored long silk and lace gown. With the fire from the fireplace and the light of the candles behind her, I could see the silhouette of her legs through her gown, from her feet to the V formed by her legs at the top. The lace bodice of the gown showed her beautiful breasts and luscious, hard, nipples. I reached out to touch her. She playfully pushed my hand away, turned and told me to follow her.

I followed her into the large room with the fireplace. The fire was roaring and there was soft music, jazz, coming out of the speakers mounted near the ceiling. A down comforter and some pillows were placed in front of the fireplace, with a chilled bottle of wine and 2 glasses sitting on a table next to the comforter. There was also something else on the table, but I could not see it clearly. Jean stopped just in front of the comforter, turned and kissed me. I felt her heartbeat against me. I also felt her hard nipples, like diamonds, pressing into my chest. I reached up in an attempt to touch her breasts, but she pushed my hands away. I had no idea what she had planned, but I was not going to stop her either. My heart pounded as she loosened my tie and took it off. I watched her in great excitement unbutton my shirt, kissing and licking my chest as she unbuttoned each button.

Leaving my shirt on, Jean unbuckled my belt, and unbuttoned and unzipped my trousers. As she slid them down my legs, she knelt in front of my bulging erection. The wet spot on my boxer briefs had become quite large. Bringing her tongue closer and closer, I felt goose flesh when her tongue finally touched the tip of my cock through my boxers. My excitement continued to grow as she pulled her tongue away, a string of my precum trailing from my boxers to her tongue. Jean helped me out of my trousers and boxers before she grabbed my cock and stroked me from tip to base.

With the flames from the fire flickering, I watched as she lowered her head to my cock, kissing and licking the tip, then running her tongue up and down my shaft. She continued to kiss and lick up and down my shaft, while she expertly stroked my cock with one hand and gently massaged my balls with the other. Every so often, she would take my entire cock in her mouth, swirling her tongue around the tip, and moving her head slowly up and down. 

Just when I would feel my orgasm building, she would raise her head and squeeze the base of my cock. Each time I tried to touch her she would gently but firmly push my hand away. I resigned myself to letting her do as she pleased while catching glimpses of her breasts and nipples through the top of her gown. Her breasts were flushed and her nipples still rock hard.

Jean motioned for me to lie down on the comforter as she sat in a chair about 4 feet away from me. I propped myself up on my elbows, my erection standing straight up and still glistening with my precum. I watched as Jean slowly ran her hands over her body. Her fingertips touched her face and her neck and then ran down her shoulders. She felt the top of her breasts through the lace of the gown. As her fingers touched her nipples, she looked me directly in the eyes. 

“You want me, don’t you?” she asked. “You want to touch me and lick me. You wish that your tongue was my fingertips, don’t you?”

With that, she ran the tips of her fingers over each nipple, responding to her own touch with a quiet moan. She took each nipple between her thumbs and fingertips, pinching them and rolling them. She covered her breasts with her hands, her nipples between her fingers, massaging and tugging. Her nipples were harder than I had ever seen them. I reached down to stroke myself, the urge was overwhelming. In a firm, but soft voice, she told me not to touch myself, to wait for her. I complied with her wishes. 
