 It had been 10 years since I've seen Robin. I wanted to hook up with her then but was unsuccessful. Now as a real estate agent she was showing me one of her "private listings". The fantasies from my youth were unfolding before me.

Robin took me by the hand and led me to a large chair in the corner of the room. She motioned for me to sit down, which I did. Robin looked down at me and smiled. I noticed that she was looking at my stiff red cock, sticking straight up out of my lap. Next, she leaned forward and put her hands over my shoulders placing them onto the back of the chair. She then lifted her right leg and slid her knee up against my left hip. She did the same thing with her left knee against my right hip, resulting in her straddling me. 

I grabbed her by the back of the neck and pulled her lips to mine. I heard a groan escape her throat and then I felt her relax as her warm soft body molded against mine when our tongues touched. I let my hands slip down her small sleek back. The silk shirt felt amazing under my finger tips. My hand slipped past her sexy little ass and then I pulled my arms back towards me as my finger tips slid across the tops of her stockings and down her legs. Her thighs were firm and muscular and felt amazing wrapped in silk. 

I caressed her legs as we continued to kiss. I slipped my fingers up across the top of her legs and then to the inside of her thighs. I reached around behind her to massage her ass and slipped my hands down the back of her legs. I did this again and again. Each time I pushed my hands up the inside of her thighs, I'd teasingly get closer and closer to her hot wet center. I noticed that her kisses were becoming more and more forceful. Combining all of this with the alternating feel of Robin's silk stockings then the bare skin of her upper legs and ass under my sensitive finger tips, I was nearly insane with lust. 

It was all becoming more than I could take so instead of reaching around to gently massage her beautiful ass, I slid both hands up under her shirt, up the sides of her small rib cage and then up her back. It was then that I discovered she was wearing a satin teddy under her silk shirt. Reluctantly, she broke off the kiss to catch her breath and sat back slightly. I looked into her eyes as my hands slipped around to caress her breasts. Her lips were red and puffy from our forceful kisses. Her face was a beautiful pink color, making her amazing brown eyes appear almost black. 

Robin smiled at me and then closed her eyes as my hands slipped over her hard nipples. She tilted her head back and moaned. My cock, pinned in between our bodies, twitched when I saw her slowly lick her hips with her sexy pink tongue. Robin took a deep breath and then I heard her say, "I'm so glad you called. My panties have been absolutely drenched since I ran into you last week."

Robin looked back at me and started to slowly grind her pussy against my hard shaft. I rubbed my thumbs over both of her sensitive nipples while she slowly unbuttoned her silk blouse. When the final button unfastened, Robin slowly raised her arms over her head. We continued to gaze into each others eyes as I slid both of my hands up her petite body, over her shoulders and up her long slender arms, gently pushing the silk shirt over her small hands. The red material fell to the floor with a whisper. 

I slowly lowered my head and my eyes focused on her small, dainty nose and her soft red wet lips. Once again, she licked her lips and flashed me a sexy wicked smile. I continued to drop my head to see her sleek sexy neck, wrapped in the black silk scarf and across each soft white shoulder was a thin black satin strap. The straps were attached to a simple, black satin teddy that wrapped Robin's petite body perfectly. The soft swell of each breast was peaked by a hard nipple, pressing against the shiny fabric. 

I couldn't resist a quick peek as my stare continued to drop south to see the soft swell of her satin wrapped pussy lips pressing against my hard stiff rod. My cock was comfortably nestled in the wet, shiny crease. I looked back up into her eyes and just sat there in amazement when I realized that this was the woman I had lusted after so many years ago. Here I was in the presence of absolute beauty, grace and pure feminine sexuality. All of my senses were in overdrive and for the time being, we were the only two people in the world. Robin smiled at me and asked, "What are you thinking about?"

I told her, "If we had done this ten years ago, it would not have been anywhere near as passionate and erotic as it is right now." Robin blushed and I continued, "You are a beautiful, attractive, gorgeous woman and if you had given in to my adolescent desires back then, it would have only been sex and I wouldn't have fully appreciated you for the sensuous woman that you are." 

Robin leaned forward and once again, I felt her body melt against mine. Her hot wet lips press against my shoulder as she pushed her face into my neck. Her breath was like a blast furnace on my skin. 

After a minute or so, I felt her delicate hand slip between our bodies and wrap around my still hard and now aching cock. I closed my eyes as she slowly stroked me. I felt her body shift a little and then felt her rub the swollen head of my cock against her satin covered pussy. We both moaned as she ever so slightly lowered herself onto me. The pressure against the head of my cock was incredible but I remained straight as steel. 

I could feel her hard nipples press against my chest as she slowly raised and lowered her hips a couple of times. Once when she raised herself up slightly, I looked down to see that she had used my cock to stuff the crotch of the teddy deep inside her body. Robin stopped and once again, relaxed her body against mine. I wrapped my arms around her and just sat there feeling her warm body against mine and watched her back as it rose and fell with each breath.

In a moment, I was disappointed when she pushed herself up and got out of my lap. I sat there as I watched her turn around and for the first time I got a good look at her awesome body from behind. My heart stopped as I took it all in. I burned it all into my long-term memory. I focused on her long slender legs wrapped in black silk stockings, her soft platinum blond hair as it cascaded over her sleek smooth shoulders and her small petite ribcage which dropped to her slightly curvy waist wrapped in the shiny satin teddy. 

Robin slowly swayed her hips as she reached back, placed her hands on the arms of the chair and leaned back towards me. My eyes were glued to her ass as she continued to sway her hips. I placed both of my hands on her hips and guided her into my lap, nestling my stiff cock in her soft round cleavage. Her golden tan skin looked amazing as it contrasted with the black shiny teddy that had wedged deep between her ass cheeks. Robin relaxed against me as I wrapped my arms around her warm body and held her close. 

After a few moments to relish the feeling of our adjoining bodies, I could feel a slight movement. Robin was moving her hips, grinding her ass against my groin. With my arms still wrapped around her, I slowly started to move my hips, pressing my hard cock into the soft fleshy crack of her ass. Robin could tell that she was driving me crazy because my breathing had gotten heavy. I don't know if she could feel it but I had leaked a lot of precum and the feel of her ass cheeks slipping up and down my shaft sandwiched between her back and my stomach was driving me crazy.

Next, she placed her left hand over mine and pulled it up her body to her chest. Her hand guided mine over her hard nipples. She used her fingertips to open up the top of her teddy as she slipped my hand under the satin fabric to her bare breast. Her skin felt so hot and sweaty. I then felt her right hand on top of mine as she guided it down her tummy and over her soft mound. She placed my hand directly over her pussy and then pressed on the back of my fingers, inserting my index finger into her warm body. The crotch of the teddy was still buried deep inside. My finger slipped almost all the way in past the first knuckle and the second knuckle. I curled my finger and started to slowly and lightly rub the inside of her pussy. 

While using my finger to slowly caress her pussy, I ran my thumb over the slick, wet satin that was covering her clit. As soon as I touched her clit, Robin jumped. I paused a moment and then rubbed my thumb over her clit again, causing another quick jump. Slowly, I pulled my finger from inside her pussy and lightly traced circles over her clit. Robins breathing was also getting more intense and I knew it wouldn't be much longer before we would both be sharing a greatly anticipated orgasm. 

I saw Robin place both of her hands on the arms of the chair as she slowly sat up, straightening her body. I started to rub her clit with two fingers while applying a little more pressure. I could feel her legs stiffen when she suddenly fell back against me as her whole body started to shake. She thrust her hips forward and then backwards against me as her orgasm violently took control of her body. I continued to stroke her clit as she moaned and groaned against me. 

My hand was dripping wet as I felt her hands press against the back of mine, pushing my fingers deep into her body. I nearly came when I felt two of my fingers slip past her teddy and plunge deeper into her wet naked pussy. After an extremely exciting and delicious few moments, Robin collapsed against me. I just sat there in the chair feeling the weight of her limp body and listening to her raspy breaths. 

Robin eventually pushed herself up out of the chair and stood in front of me like a newborn colt on weak, wobbly legs. She reached out, grabbed my hand and led me across the room to the bed. Again, I was in amazement at her beauty as she crawled onto the bed. Looking down at her sleek body, her soft tan shoulders, her slender ribcage and her soft shapely ass made me feel like a very fortunate man. 

In complete amazement, I stood at the foot of the bed as I watched Robin turn around and flop down onto her back. She looked up at me and reached out her hand. The picture before me made my cock jump. Here I was looking at this gorgeous woman with platinum blond hair, beautiful brown eyes and an incredibly petite sexy body, wearing a black satin teddy, black silk stockings and a black silk scarf tied around her delicate neck. She was lying in a bed with bright white satin sheets. Her tan body had a faint sheen of sweat and her beautiful face was flush due to her recent orgasm. Briefly, my thoughts raced back to my adolescence. I remember finding my first porn magazine and opening up the centerfold. The amazing woman before me would certainly qualify as Playmate of the Year and would be fodder for any mans fantasies. 

I crawled up onto the bed and lay down next to her. I placed my hand on her hip and pulled her body close. I looked into her eyes as I leaned in to taste her sweet lips. As we kissed, Robin pushed against me and rolled me over onto my back. Biting my lower lip, she broke off the kiss and got up onto her hands and knees, straddling me. Her beautiful face hovered just a few inches above mine. The light from the room had dimmed as her hair cascaded over her head and fell around her face, surrounding mine. Her hair was creating a translucent light barrier that for the moment was isolating us from the rest of the world. We were in our own universe, one that I would love to spend an eternity discovering.

I began to see a devilish look enter her eyes when I felt her hips begin to sway back and forth across my hard cock. Robin was rubbing her satin covered wet pussy against me. I maintained eye contact and smiled at her when I felt her delicate hand wrap around my shaft. Robin continued to look at me as she pulled the teddy aside and slid my swollen head up and down her slippery wet pussy lips. 

Robin took a quick breath and then held it. I saw her smile and her eyes got bigger when I felt my cock head slip past her outer lips and become surrounded by her hot wet pussy. She had me at the entrance to her aching body. We froze for a moment, completely enjoying and relishing the closeness of our bodies. Slowly, Robin lowered her mouth to mine. Our lips touched and she pushed her tongue past my teeth and deep into my mouth while she relaxed her hips, causing my hard stiff shaft to slowly slip deeper into her hot body. Robin was consuming me. 

Next, she pulled up almost to the point where I was starting to slip out and then she dropped back down onto me. We both moaned loudly as she took all of me into her. We paused for a moment but continued to kiss. Then Robin sat straight up. I lay on my back looking up at her as she started to raise and lower herself on my stiff rod. I looked into her eyes as I reached up and pulled the small satin straps of her teddy off her shoulders and down her arms. As her arms slipped free from the straps, the teddy fell down her body, exposing her magnificent, luscious tits for the first time. 

Immediately, I put both of my hands up to massage and caress her chest. Her nipples hardened against my palms and finger tips. I was quickly overwhelmed with a deep burning desire to suck her sweet little nipples. With my cock buried deep inside Robin's body, I start to sit up. Robin wrapped her delicate arms around me and pulled me close, helping me. We were positioned with me sitting on the bed and Robin straddling my lap. My hard stiff cock was buried deep inside her body and her chest was directly in front of my face. 

Robin wrapped her arm around my head and pulled my face to her chest. My heart skipped a beat when I heard her say, "Come on baby. Suck my tits."

Gladly obliging her request, I opened my mouth and wrapped my lips around one of her succulent pink puffy nipples. It hardened as I gently sucked it into my mouth and flicked it with my tongue. I wrapped my arms around Robin and pulled her closer. I grabbed her ass with both hands to help her slowly raise and lower her body, sliding up and down my rigid cock as I continued to devour her delicious titties. With my saliva covering her chest and smeared all over my face, I looked up into her eyes and said, "Babe, your sweet body feels so amazing and you taste so delicious, I can't last much longer. You're going to make me cum very hard, very quickly."

Robin's eyes sparkled as she smiled and leaned forward against me. I felt her hot breath on my neck as she nipped my ear lobe with her pearly white teeth, causing me to jump. She feels my body shudder and then I hear her whisper, "Come on Babe. I told you that I wanted you to fill my aching pussy with your hot steamy cum. I wanna feel it shoot deep into my body. Give it all to me. Give me what I need."

Robin put her face in front of mine to gauge my reaction. I was so close to climaxing that my balls were aching. I put my hand on the back of her neck and pulled her face to mine. As our lips met, I wrapped my arms around her and held her tight. I pushed my tongue into her mouth as my body stiffened up. I couldn't hold it in any longer. I groaned loudly and heard Robin moan as I suddenly shoved my hips forward, pushing my shaft deep into her body. Every muscle in my body was flexed as my hot cum exploded from my cock filling her sweet steamy pussy. My body convulsed over and over as I continued to pump my hot seed deep into this amazingly sexy woman, taken straight from the fantasies of my younger years. 

I was so completely consumed by my own orgasm that it took me a moment to realize that Robin too was shaking and quivering in my arms. Her legs were locked like a vice around me. My lower stomach felt extremely wet. I thought for a minute that I must have shot the biggest load of cum in my life when I realized that she too was climaxing. Slowly her body stopped quivering. Our breathing was labored. My body was tingling all over and I needed to lie back. I fell back and pulled Robin down with me. 

We lay there in each others arms catching our breath as I felt our combined body fluids trickling out of her hot body, down my softening cock and over my balls. Robin slowly and softly kissed me on the lips and then looked into my eyes. She smiled at me and said, "Mmmmm. Babe that was so good. I nearly passed out when I felt you shoot your cum inside me. I do hope we can do this again some time."

I faked a surprised look and asked, "We're finished?" I continued, "You haven't shown me the rest of house."

Robin giggled and asked, "So you're interested in the house?"

I gave her a quick kiss on the lips and replied, "Let's just say I'm interested."

Robin gave me that sexy, seductive little grin. Then she placed her hand on my chest and said, "Well, maybe I should show you the master bath next. It has a big glass shower with a bench. What do you suppose the owners used that for?"

Without waiting for my reply, Robin quickly kissed me on the lips and rolled off the edge of the bed. I scooted over and stopped so that I could watch her walk across the room towards the master bath. She briefly paused in the doorway just long enough to let the sexy, cum soaked teddy, drop from her body. Robin looked over her shoulder and smiled at me. She stepped out of the garment and walked into the bathroom. I made it across the room in two steps. 

I got to the doorway just in time to see Robin turn the water on and stand in the doorway of the large glass shower. She looked at me and with the grace of a prima ballerina and untied the silk scarf from around her neck. She slowly walked over to me and lightly draped the scarf over my shoulder, up my neck and down my chest. She let it glide down my stomach and over my sticky, wet cock. With a delicate hand, Robin wrapped the silk scarf around my cock and gave it a slow gentle stroke. She leaned into my body and placed her sexy red lips up to my ear and said, "Mmmm. You better get in there, the water's warm and I need some help washing my back."