 This is the conclusion of a story that started when I ran into a friend from ten years ago. If you haven't done so please go back and read the first three parts. I have more ideas and will continue to submit them as I get them typed.

Thanks to all who have provided feedback.

*

After a few minutes of rest, I was able to regain my breath and my strength. This little minx was definitely testing the limits of my body. While we held each other, we both purred as our bodies relaxed. Robin's arms were wrapped around my head as I continued to gently suck on her nipple. I felt her shiver when my softening cock slipped out of her hot tight ass. 

Robin put both hands along side my head and pushed my face away from her chest. She looked me in the eyes and said, "I do hope you have one more left in you, I want to feel your hot sticky cum slide down my throat." I gulped loudly, smiled at her and then pressed my lips to hers. Once again, her tongue found mine as we continued to hold our bodies close.

Eventually, Robin broke off the kiss, pushed me back and then reached over to grab a towel. She pressed it against my chest and started to dry me off. I reached over and grabbed another, doing the same for her. We didn't have to get very dry, just enough so that we wouldn't leave a wet path through the house.

Robin took me by the hand and led me out of the bath, down the hall, down the stairs and into the back yard. The hot tub cover was off and she turned it on. The motor hummed to life as the tub was filled with bubbles. I held up my hand, offering it to her as assistance so that she could climb into the tub. Robin thanked me and took it, smiling as she lifted her leg and stepped over the side. With the grace of a ballerina, she continued to hold my hand and sunk into the warm frothy water. A soft groan escaped her breath as she let go of my hand and melted against the side of the tub.

My cock began to stir when I took in the site of Robin's beauty and grace as she lay there before me, naked. To think that we had already enjoyed several moments of erotic, sensual and intimate coupling, was absolutely beyond belief. Deep in the back of my mind, I wondered if this afternoon is the end of my fantasy with Robin or maybe the start of something good to come. Robin's purring pulled me from my trance, back to reality. Without hesitation, I quickly stepped into the tub.

My body began to relax as I slid further and further down into the hot water. I didn't realize how tired my muscles were until I was able to relax. I sat down across from Robin so that I could continue to look at her and wonder about what was to come. We just sat there listening to the bubbles for a few minutes when I felt Robins foot slip between my legs and slowly slide up to rest on my cock. I was still looking at her when she spoke up. Robin said, "I've really enjoyed my time with you this afternoon and I'm really going to enjoy sucking this cock again, in a few minutes. Only this time I'm finally going to get to taste that delicious cum as it shoots from your body into my mouth".

All I could say was, "Mmmmm. I can hardly wait". I pushed my hands below the surface of the water and started to massage her foot with both hands. At the same time, I slid my foot up between her smooth legs and gently pressed my toes up against her pussy. I felt her hand grab my foot and begin to massage it as she pushed my toes deeper into her slit. Her body was hotter than the hot tub.

After a minute, Robin quietly continued, "I just want you to know that I've never done anything like this before. I mean, I've never cheated on my husband. But last week when I saw you at the gas station, I told myself that I'd at least dangle the offer in front of you and if you called me, well then I'd move forward to see where this flirtation would take me. I'm really glad you called". Robin said all of this without ever looking up at me or even opening her eyes. She just lay back enjoying the hot water, the feel of my hands massaging her feet and the feel of my toes shoved deep into her body as her hand worked wonders on my own foot.

I carefully contemplated everything that she had just said. I didn't want to respond right away because I have learned that sometimes great sex can be ruined by too much pillow-talk. First someone says something then the other responds and in the process, someone misinterprets what the other is actually saying, completely ruining the mood. I didn't want that to happen here. 

After a long pause, I responded saying, "To be honest, I wasn't completely sure if I was going to call you after we departed the gas station last week. I too have never cheated on my wife but I have had this serious crush on you since we first met over ten years ago. I've replayed our entire gas station conversation over and over in my head this past week. I finally decided that I would give you a call, if anything just to catch up with each other, in a setting that was a little more private than a gas station. I really wasn't sure what would happen this afternoon. I will say that I have had an excellent time today". 

We sat there in silence and continued to rub each others feet. Eventually, I heard Robin moan as she pulled my foot deeper into her pussy. I felt her start to grind against my foot when I opened my eyes and looked up at her. Robin was looking at me with an elegant yet incredible urgency. She groaned again and opened up here mouth as if to speak. She let out a breath and said, "Was it worth the wait? Would you wait another ten years to have an afternoon of hot sex with me"?

I didn't say anything. I pulled her foot to my side and reluctantly pulled my foot from her grip. My cock was hard as a rock now and I knew exactly what she wanted. I slipped across the hot tub and pressed my body against hers. As our bodies came together, I felt her soft delicate hands wrap around my rigid shaft and then I felt it slip deep into her hot soft pussy. I pushed my hips forward and slightly upward as I heard Robin gasp into my ear. I wrapped my arms around her and held her petite body against mine. 

Slowly I started to pull out when I felt her body immediately stiffen up as she used her arms to pull me tight. Robin leaned forward, put her delicious mouth up to my ear and in a sexy, breathy voice said, "You never answered my question. Would you wait another ten years to do this with me again?" I thought this was going to be the end so I didn't even consider the consequences; I thought, at least I got to have an amazing afternoon with this goddess so I spoke from the heart.

I said, "Robin, I wouldn't wait ten years, I'd wait 100 years just to get another chance to taste your sweet lips". 

Her body relaxed a little bit and then I felt her tongue slip into my ear. I flinched a little when she did this and then I heard Robin say, "Well I don't want to wait one hundred years before you taste my sweet lips. I'd like to see you again, after today. As for now, I want you to fuck me hard but don't you dare cum. You know where I want that".

I felt her relax even more. She held me close as I started pushing my hips in and out. After a few strokes, Robin told me to slide her over and lean back a little. I was curious at her request but I wasn't going to deny her. I reached around and grabbed her ass cheeks with both hands. I pulled her against me and then slid her to her right. As I slid her along the hot tub bench, I felt what she was looking for. I continued to move her over until she told me to stop. She wanted me to place her in front of one of the tubs jets. It had to be located right at the small of her back. With my hands still gripping her ass, I lifted her up slightly and felt the water jet shoot first across her ass hole then down across my cock shaft and then against my balls. 

Robin let out a loud cry as I lowered her slightly. The jet was now pounding the space between her pussy and her asshole. I did as she requested and leaned back. Although my cock was buried deep in her pussy, I could feel the water jet as it pulsated against her body. I stayed still as Robin started to raise and lower herself on my stiff rod. It was going to be very difficult to honor her desires and not shoot my load inside her pussy. Having cum three times earlier in the day would be the only thing helping me comply with her request.

Fortunately, Robin was hot as a pistol when this all started so she wouldn't be very long before getting off. Robins breathing was deeper. I wanted to bring this hot babe to a mind numbing orgasm and with her on top and me just sitting here in the water, it wasn't going to happen. Quickly, I leaned forward and pushed her back against the wall of the hot tub. I raised her up slightly so that the water jet was shooting directly at her ass. With both of my hands on her ass cheeks, it was easy for me to keep her centered on the jet. Without giving her a chance to adjust, I pulled my cock almost all of the way out of her body and then slammed it back in. Robin wrapped her arms around my body and lowered her head to kiss my neck. I pulled out and slammed back into her again. This time I felt her start to lightly bite the nape of my neck. This got me even harder and hotter. Robin could sense this and once again, looked me in the eye, groaned and then said, "Don't you dare cum inside me. I've been waiting ten years to find out what you taste like".

Without giving her a break between thrusts, I continued to pullout and push back into her as fast and as hard as I could. We both grunted and groaned with every stroke. I put my mouth over hers to quiet her down a little bit, not knowing how close the neighbors were. I could feel her start to tense up when she broke off our kiss. Her body arched back. With both hands, I squeezed her ass cheeks as I held her body steady. I could feel her pussy clamp down on my steel hard cock and her legs gripped me like a vice. Her hands were pulling at her tits, pinching and pulling her nipples as she continued to thrash around balancing on the padded edge of the hot tub.

After some time, she let out a loud groan and her body relaxed, collapsing into the water. My cock slipped out of her as I guided her back onto the hot tub bench. Her breathing was deep. I think she briefly passed out. I sat down beside Robin and wrapped my arms around her, holding her as she slowly resumed her natural breathing rhythm. 

We sat in the hot tub for several minutes, enjoying the waning light of day. It had been about 5 or 6 hours since we had met, in front of the house. During that time, this sexy exotic woman had done things to me and had let me do things to her that no other woman has in my entire life. I was excited that after today, she wanted to see more of me. We were both married and I think we wanted more than our partners were willing to give. If Robin and I had gotten together years ago, I wouldn't have appreciated her then. It is possible that we would have ended up married to each other but that just didn't happen. 

I was wrenched from my thoughts when I felt a small delicate hand seek out and grab my cock. As she had requested, I didn't cum. It had been some time since we were fucking so I had gotten fairly soft. As soon as she grabbed me, she perked up, spun around and told me to stand up. She said that she wanted to feel my cock get hard while it was completely inside of her mouth. Who was I to deny this wonderful woman?

I stood up and she practically engulfed my manhood. I've never seen a woman so hungry to have a dick in her mouth. This woman not only desired a cock in her mouth but it gave me the impression that it was an addition to her. I was her "fix". 

It didn't take too long for me to get so hard she couldn't keep it all in. I will admit that it was incredibly exciting to feel my shaft get hard, sliding slowly down her throat. With both hands, Robin kept a grip on my ass to make sure I didn't back away. 

I closed my eyes and tilted my head back. Her hot, wet mouth was driving me insane. After a few minutes of sucking, Robin let my cock slip from her sexy lips. I looked down to see her looking up at me, smiling. She continued to stroke my cock when she said, "I really like to be face fucked. I'm going to slip down a little further on this bench and you lean forward, placing your hands on the edge of the tub so that your upper body is over me. This will put you in a position to be able to fuck my face". Then she went on to say, "Don't forget. I want every drop of your cum to shoot into my mouth". Once again, who was I to tell her no!

I did as she said and leaned forward placing my hands on the edge of the tub. This positioned my cock directly in front of her face. I leaned forward and Robin opened her mouth, taking the entire length. I watched with excited anticipation as she closed her sweet lips around my hard aching shaft. I knew I wouldn't last very long now. I rewarded her with a groan as I pushed forward with my hips, watching my shaft slip further and further into her mouth. I felt Robin's hands grip my ass cheeks as she continued to pull my length into her sexy sweet mouth.

When I felt her hands press against the front of my hips, I pulled back and watched as my cock emerged. When the head was at her lips, I felt her hands pull on my cheeks again so I pressed forward. This happened several times until I felt her hands begin to press and pull on me, increasing the speed. I propped myself up with one hand against the side of the hot tub and then reached down to stroke the side of her face with the other. As soon as my hand stroked her cheek she started to suck even harder and tried to get me to go faster. She was encouraging me to really fuck her face. I took the hint and put my hand at the back of her head. I pulled her head against my groin, holding it there feeling her throat constrict against my cock head. I didn't hold her very long. I got a good handful of hair and started to push and pull her head as I pushed forward and pulled my hips back. 

I could feel my balls burn and new that I was only going to last a couple of more strokes. I groaned and then said, "Sweetheart. You're oh so close to getting your wish granted. I'm going to fill your mouth with my hot cum. "

A low hum started in my throat and ended in a loud groan as my hot cum boiled up from my balls, shot through my shaft and into Robin's ravenous mouth. I could see my world start to go dim and she took it all. She was an expert at slurping every last drop of cum from my body. I continued to pump my hot seed into her mouth when I noticed that Robin had slipped her finger up my ass and was pressing on my prostate. Each time my body started to relax, Robin would push her finger deep and I'd feel another shot of hot lava being shot from my balls and sucked from my shaft.

I couldn't take any more and pulled back. My cock popped from her smiling mouth. I continued to back away and felt her finger slip out of my ass. What an exotic feeling; the withdrawal.

Next, I collapsed on the bench next to Robin, in an absolute daze. I sat there for a minute looking at her. She had this big, satisfied grin on her face but said nothing. I leaned my head back against the edge of the hot tub and closed my eyes. I felt Robin stand up and thought she was going to get out. Next I felt her lips on mine so I opened my mouth and felt her tongue slip past my lips and into my mouth. It was then that I realized that she hadn't swallowed my cum. Robin was giving me a deep passionate French kiss with a mouth full of my own hot seed. 

Needless to say, I was shocked but really excited. I pulled her close and we continued to explore each others mouths with me having tasted my own cum for the first time. I could hear a moan deep in Robins throat as we continued to kiss. We eventually broke off the kiss but she quickly put her fingers up to my lips and shook her head. She didn't want me to swallow. I stood up slightly, collected all of the semen then stood over her with my face over hers. Like a baby bird, she opened her mouth and I emptied the contents of my mouth into hers. I closed my mouth over hers and we kissed for a couple of more minutes. She finally pressed her hand against my chest and I broke off the kiss. Robin looked into my eyes and gave a big gulp. She opened up her mouth to show that she had swallowed all of my cum.

I sat back down in the water next to her and put my arms around her. I told her that was by far the best blow job I had ever gotten and this afternoon was by far the best sex I had ever had. She turned and looked at me saying, "Me too and I can do that every time we get together. There's something about a hard stiff cock slipping in and out of my mouth that makes me extremely horny and you have a beautiful cock. Start off by shoving that beautiful cock in my face and you can do to me whatever you want". 

I said, "Well, I definitely want more of what you want".

We continued to chat for a few minutes before getting dressed and going to our respective homes. We decided that we would get together every month or so to have an afternoon or evening of unrestrained, unbridled passion or maybe jus some really hot sex. We have even been able to manage a couple of business trips together but that's another story.

It may have taken ten years to get into Robins bed but it was well worth the wait.

The End