 For my real Garry with love from Mirandalynne. I hope I covered all our bases.

Miranda sat in the estate agency office, finishing up the paperwork for the sale she'd just completed. Every now and again she glanced out the window. The streetlights shone on the wet pavement. There was little traffic on the road---it was late, and she was tired. She tucked a stray strand of her dark blond hair behind her ear, pushing her reading glasses back up her nose as she checked the contracts before her.

She'd met with both the buyers and sellers earlier in the conference area. All in all it had been very civilized; all i's were dotted and t's crossed, coffee was drunk, hands were shaken. Her buyers' financing was in order. She had nothing to do but anticipate a very generous commission check for a job well done.

The green glow of the banker's lamp on her desk illuminated the brass buttons on her fitted navy blue coatdress. She was a curvy woman, and the style flattered her hourglass figure. Beneath the conservative dress she wore a lacy bra and a skimpy garterbelt to hold up her sheer blue stockings. She had "forgotten" her knickers, and had made sure as she crossed her long legs that she didn't reveal anything untoward to her customers earlier this evening.

She looked at her diamond-studded bracelet watch. She'd locked the street entrance when everyone left, but the side door leading to the parking lot was still open. Perhaps she should think of going home, but she'd wait a few more minutes.

Getting absorbed in entering data into her laptop, she never heard the soft thud of the door. But when his hand brushed her neck, she turned with a smile.

"Good evening, sir. How can I help you?" She rose in the dim light and met his blue eyes with her brown ones. The man was casually attired in a leather jacket and jeans, his brown hair wet from the rain.

"I'm looking for a property, a very special property. Something easily accessible to my interests. Something warm--" he raked his eyes down her body--"and rather cozy." The man cupped his hand beneath her chin and rubbed her lower lip gently.

"I believe I can help you. I know just the thing." Miranda turned as if to reach the multiple listings book, but he grabbed her before she got very far. Pulling her to him, he kissed her, tasting coffee and desire on her tongue.

"Umm, Garry, let me close the blinds. Anyone driving down Main Street could see us."

"Let them, love." He swatted at her bottom, but she slipped from his arms, closing the blinds across the plate glass windows. She returned to him, looking hopefully at his shadowed face.

"Now, then," he said sternly, "show me what you have that meets my specifications. I'm a busy man, you know." He led her back to the conference area. Pushing her in front of him, he cradled her back-to, thrusting his stiff cock against her soft bum, slipping a hand down the front of her dress. With slow deliberation, he delved beneath the buttons, fingering the elaborate lace of her bra. "Shall I undress you?" he whispered.

Miranda just nodded. He made quick work unfastening the buttons, then freed the clasp at the front of her brassiere, palming her plump breasts.

"So soft and all for me," he murmured, teasing and kneading until her pale nipples contracted into rigid peaks. He spun her around so they were face to face, slipping the dress and the bra down her arms until she was standing before him in just the dark garter belt and stockings, contrasting wonderfully with her fair skin. Her feet were encased in bright red heels, making her nearly as tall as he. His finger slid between her shaved pussy lips, and she moaned softly.

He kissed her in earnest now, tongue tangling in her honeyed mouth, all the while strumming her clit, making the little finger of flesh hard and pulsating. He moved his kiss to her breasts, where he suckled and carressed until she bucked against him. "Tell me," he ordered.

Miranda's eyes were downcast, her face flushed with passion. "I'm your whore. Please, Garry, fuck me," she said quietly. She unbuckled his belt and unzipped his jeans with shaking fingers as he shrugged out of his coat.

"With the greatest of pleasure." He flipped her over the edge of the huge mahogany conference table, gripping her hips to his. He spanked her ass hard, just once, and she cried out. When he had positioned her, admiring her round bottom, he guided himself to her sheath, already dripping in desperation for him. She was so tight and so wet. He glided in easily, tormenting her by withdrawing and entering so slowly she thought she'd go mad. Driven to distraction, she pushed against him wildly, a torrent of rather dirty words erupting from her sweet mouth. Garry grinned as he held a breast in each hand, her generous proportions overflowing his palms as he rolled her pebbled nipples between his fingers, tugging, pulling, teasing.

He reckoned she was more than ready for what he planned next. Suddenly pulling out his slick and silky cock, he squeezed her tits. "Tell me," he ordered again.

"I'm your whore, Garry. Please fuck my ass, please..." she gasped.

He released one breast and centered himself at her rose, stopping and starting until she opened wide for him. He felt her entire body go slack with relief when he was fully within. He was wrapped so tight within her passage he worried he'd explode before she had her pleasure. Reaching around her rounded belly, he found her clit again, circling and abrading it until she begged, cried with wantonness. He felt himself uncoil and shot his essence within her as she screamed his name, her hands splayed on the table, her wedding band loose from the sheen of sweat layering her body.

Finally wordless, she eased away from him and dropped to her knees. Her lovely pink tongue slipped from the tip of his shaft to his balls, cleaning him as if he were a kitten and she a satisfied mama cat. She found the tender strip of skin between his balls and anus, and smiled to see him jerk into hardness again as she tasted him there. 

He watched her work, this lover of his, a willing partner in any exploration he might suggest. Her luscious mouth encapsulated his cock again. Her brown eyes were wide with adoration as he moved between her swollen lips. She had turned him into a randy boy again.

She patiently sucked and swirled as he held her blonde head close, disarranging her professional up-do. Her throat opened and he felt as though he was being swallowed whole. Unable and unwilling to stop, he lashed her throat with his cum, feeling the upturn of her smiling lips as she brought him to completion.

He helped her up as she wobbled a little in her red fuck-me shoes. "There, sir, I hope you found the property to be suitable for your needs," she grinned. He wiped a drop of cum from the corner of her mouth and she swiftly licked his finger.

"It's much to soon to tell," said Garry. I believe I'll have to have a second viewing, perhaps tomorrow evening."

"I'll put you down in my appointment book," grinned Miranda, walking across the darkened office to her desk. "Darling, could you dress me? I can't very well drive home to my husband looking like this."

Garry gathered her dress and bra from the padded chair. Miranda stood as still as a statue as he fitted her large breasts into the DD lace cups of her bra and fiddled with the clasp. He helped her into the coatdress, wondering how she might explain the rivers of cum running down her dark stockings. Kissing her forehead as though she were the best of children, he left her standing by her desk under her Top Producer plaque as he walked out to the parking lot.

He pulled the little square box out of his jacket pocket, opened the driver's door of Miranda's Mercedes, and placed it on her seat. He hoped she'd like what was inside, a pair of sterling silver nipple clamps he'd be expecting her to wear tomorrow night. He supposed eventually he really would have to buy a house from her, but in the meantime, business was pleasure indeed.