 Amazingly, you never quite expect an attraction that grabs and instantly reaches your raw sexual urges directly.

But it was that way with Joan right from the start.

There I was, in the heat of the summer, lugging the possessions of myself, my wife, and our 1 year old son into a hotel room in southern Ohio. We were fresh off a 7 hour journey from our old home to look for a new one in Ohio. I was hoping to take a shower and change into decent clothes before we met with the "real estate lady".

But when I opened the door to the room- there she was, casually lying across the bed, showing my wife brochures and real estate listings. Tall, dark, gorgeous- in a sun dress, her high heels on the floor, her bare feet... and our eyes locked for (realistically) a couple seconds, but (seemingly) forever. We clearly connected.

And that's how it started. Our relationship was never really defined, it was the little things that made our knowing each other tenuous and exciting- take for example the following:

-Once while we were driving (wife and son in the back- Joan was sitting in the passenger/navigator side to give directions), I don't know what was said, but she reached across and put her hand through and played with my hair...

-While in the basement of a prospective house (my wife was resting in the car while Joan and I walked through the basement), Joan stopped and reached down to take off her shoe for some reason. As she did, she leaned on me: "Do you like my shoes?" she asked. "VERY nice" I stammered, and she gave me a kiss on the cheek. A perfect opportunity lost...

-I had asked her to come by the hotel where we were staying because I was designing our next home and wanted her opinion. When she had to go she gave me a quick kiss. She was SO hot- she probably didn't notice how amazingly excited I was...

Each instance got my mind thinking about what it would be like to spend some serious "adult time" with Joan.

And so we kept in touch.

Mostly me calling to hear her voice and tease her, never letting her think that my interest had waned- that I would always be available to talk. I would pepper our conversations with subtle and not-so subtle sexual innuendo. In the beginning it was always like that, very casual, very comfortable, but yet (for me at least), very sexual.

Then I didn't hear from her for awhile, and thought that I should call- something was wrong- I felt it, and I was right. She had found out her husband had an ongoing affair and was devastated. We talked alot about it, and although I tried to offer as much un-biased advice as possible, I think she saw right through me to my desire to be with her.

To seemingly tempt fate- after a particularly revealing conversation, where she admitted (as did I) that even a kiss between us would be an intense event (and would cause an amazing amount of chaos and destruction in our lives), we decided to make plans for lunch.

I had just gotten a new (used) car, and along with it being a nice day, planned to enjoy her company and catch up. But when I showed up at her office, I realized that I hadn't seen her in almost 2 years. It's funny how panicky I remembered feeling, tempered with the realization that it was too late to worry about that then.

I approached the receptionist and told her I was there for Joan. After awhile, Joan entered the lobby- delicious as ever, tall, wearing heels and smelling absolutely delicious.

"Hey there!" she smiled and gave me a nice hug. "Come on back to my office" and so she led me through the hallways back to her workspace.

I remember how acute the attraction was. Everything about our being in the same place near each other was palpable. How she looked, from her hair and skin down to her fingernails was crystal-clear. I could tell she was a bit more than "Hey there friend" as her body/body language was reacting to me being there even if she never consciously admitted it out loud.

"I have to finish one more thing- can you wait a couple minutes here?" she asked. Of course, being the clown that I am, I quipped, "No, I'm leaving"- "Yea- right- I'll be right back I promise" she pleaded as she laughed. "It's okay- we'll leave when you are ready" I said.

And then she was gone.

Now I was alone in her office- surrounded by her life, and pictures of her- and him. I remember thinking- "what am I doing"- "why am I here?" then I remember, seeing her in her sun dress on the bed, the hair thing, the shoe thing, the visit thing... Then I remembered:

I want this woman- I need this woman. 

Followed closely by "So what to do, what to d..

"Hey I'm ready" she said from around the corner of the door- I got up and followed her out to my car.

We drove for awhile talking about almost everything (the way we normally do) until we got to the restaurant. We talked and ate- I was so excited in her presence, that I only ate about a third of my salad and considering the wait for the food and our talking, we left with a couple doggie bags for her to take to work.

We got to the car and after putting on our seatbelts, I put the car in reverse, and while putting my arm around her seat and looking back to watch while I backed out, I came within inches of her ear, and smelling her hair, my lips brushed against the outer part of her ear. She turned, partially startled, and partially to look at me, and I took that as the perfect opening. I pulled her in for a kiss. At first it was sweet and friendly, then the heat was undeniable and our kiss became extremely passionate exploring each other- tongues and lips intertwined. I don't think we stopped for at least 5 minutes.

We both pulled apart at the same moment- catching our collective breath.

"Wow- that was.." she whispered.

"...Necessary" I responded in the same breath.

"I told you how much I wanted to kiss you- it was everything I hoped it would be and more" I said staring right into her eyes.

She blushed: "I've wanted to too"

"You're silly- you know that?" I chided.

"Why?" she asked, sounding a bit defensive.

"Because you tempt yourself to madness- why do you deprive yourself so?" I ask.

"Because we're both married- isn't that enough?" she challenges.

Great cold wash of reality. I backed out of the space and started forward, a bit flustered, embarrassed, mad, and still hard.

"Are you going to tell your wife?" she asked as if in judgement.

Feeling challenged, I respond: "No- not unless she asks- I won't lie, but there is no sense causing grief when nothing happened"

"Nothing happened?" she responded- almost wounded.

"Nothing more than a kiss- an intensely hot and delicious kiss mind-you, but nothing else- besides" I let it trail off- baiting her.

(she was hooked)- "What- besides?" she pleaded.

"If you really want to know- we've made love already" I said almost proud of myself concentrating on the road ahead.

"Huh??" she almost sounded mad now. "And when did this occur??"

"Everytime we talked- if you think the connection we had was just platonic, you should re-examine how we interact- you'd see it. Other than actual, physical love, we have already become intimate and have made emotional love with each other a long time ago- sorry- no post coital bliss"

She was quiet for awhile- I thought I really offended her. I blew it. Amazing kiss, now nothing. Shit. I really do talk too much...

"Please pull over there- right now" she demanded. I looked to see a new housing complex coming up on the right hand side of the road.

"Housing complex?" I asked.

"Yes- right there" she barked.

Oh shit shit.

Good thing it was empty- I pulled over as quickly and stopped the car. I turned to her, wanting to retract everything I said:

"Please Joan- I am just trying to.."

Instead of turning towards the door to open it and get out, she turns to me, and grabs my face and kisses me- HARD. We make out like a couple of school kids- kissing, touching, groping, etc..

Pushing me away: "You're right, I can't take any more of this I've wanted you too- that's why I always called you back. I wanted to hear your voice and to talk with you. You and your dimples get me wet every time"

"So what would you like to do about it? I asked- partially fearful of her answer and partially teasing as I slowly slid my hands along her thighs.

Her body shuddered.

"Noth..nothing" she stammered.

I lean in to lightly kiss her lips, then her neck.

"You sure?" I slide my hands up to brush against her nipples- straining inside her blouse, now showing prominently.

"Uhhh oooh- that feels very nice- but we can't do this." She says as her breathing becomes heavy with passion.

I kiss her deeply, messaging a breast, pinching a nipple, while her hand starts to message my leg, moving up.

Her hand reaches the growing bulge in my pants, and she stops for a second.

"Are you sure sure?" I whisper, gently biting her ear lobe.

"Well THIS feels nice" she responds in kind, giving a playful squeeze. At this point my hand is back on her leg, ever so near her crotch. I can plainly feel the heat coming from her, and I don't think I could be more excited.

"I want you" I breathed hotly into her ear.

"I want you too" she sighed in return.

"Any ideas?" I challenged.

"Lots- follow me" she said as she got out of the car, leaving me in a state of bewildered excitement. The click of her high heels for a couple seconds brought me back to reality. I turned off the key, and bolted from the car.

I found her as a door to the model house was just closing.

Putting my hand up to stop the door from closing shut entirely, I pushed my way inside.

She was behind the door.

She fumbled with my web belt and unzipped my pants as we did not separate our kiss. Reaching into my waste band and pulling my pants and underwear down with one motion, she grabbed my painfully hard cock, and instinctively started stroking it. She pushed me hard against the door as she stopped kissing me, and dropped to her knees.

With a gasp, she took me into her mouth and swallowed me about half the way down. The feeling was exquisite. She stayed there for a quick second before pulling me out of her mouth with a pop.

She stood up, still holding my cock in her hand.

"I just had to do that- we really should stop"- she hissed, licking and biting my lower lip.

I pushed her away, spun her around so that her back was against the door.

"No, YOU can stop if you want to" I sneered as I looked into her eyes while I undid the snap of her pants.

"What do you have in mind?" she asked, trembling a bit.

"You'll see" I murmured as I pulled her pants off, revealing a pair of black lace panties.

I got on my knees and after kissing my way down, put my mouth directly over her pussy. I could feel the heat and wetness through the fabric. I spent a couple seconds mouthing her lips and clit, before she could not handle it anymore.

"That's just downright mean!" she pouted pulling me up to my feet.

"I know" I said slyly as my cock came to rest between her legs- only the thin barrier of her panties stopped its direct contact with her pussy.

"If you want me to stop, I can- I will be needing a wheelbarrow for my balls, but I'll be okay- nothing different here then after all those times I was talking with you.." I said- perhaps revealing too much.

"Really, you got excited just talking about me?- but we never talked about anything hot", she said coyly.

"You don't understand, just hearing your voice each time got me hard" I stated matter-of-factly as I slipped my thumbs inside the waistband of her panties and pulled them off. Dropping to my knees, I assaulted her pussy with my lips and tongue. She was so hot and wet. At first I suckled her lips, then concentrated on her clit, nibbling and inserting my tongue to lap up all the wetness escaping her.

"Ooooh- that's SO good" she trembled, clamping and unclamping her thighs around my head in sync with her impending orgasm. When she finally came, she tensed and clamped so hard around my head, I thought my skull would implode.

When she started to calm down, breathing becoming more normal, she pulled me up, still sucking in air.

"I want you now" she stated quite plainly, and grabbed my cock.

We walked up the stairs to a model bedroom- complete with a bed.

We embraced with a full-on kiss, and the feeling of my, "could-not-be-any-harder" cock, resting between her legs, now rubbing directly against her pussy- the wet, slippery feeling was amazing coupled with the excitement of FINALLY being with her and her kissing- was WAY too much.

I spun her around, and while kissing her neck and playing and pinching her nipples, I lifted my cock to rest perfectly between our bodies, nestled between her ass cheeks..

"Oh my!" she said looking over her shoulder. She reached around to stroke my cock and bends over the bed. I stroked the head up and down her lips, getting it coated with her juices, then slid it in slowly, but ever forward.

"Oooooo" she gasped as I continued.

By the time I was fully inside her, she started to tremble around me and I pulled all the way out...then plunged all the way back in again...then all the way out until just the head stayed inside- motionless.

"What are you doing?!!!" she demanded.

"This is my favorite spot- just at the point of decision- do I slide it in or take it out?- very exciting- hmm- tell me- what should I do?" I hissed teasingly in her ear.

"Fuck me already- I want you all the way in- stop teasing me!" she cried.

And so I slid inside her all the way and started grinding with each complete piston-stroking movement.

After about 10 minutes, of this, I felt the intense signal of a forthcoming climax, as she was building up steam as well.

"Are you going to cum for me?" I tease "I want you to cum all over my cock" I taunted her.

"Oh, yea, here it is" she is hardly speaking with the building intensity "Ohhhhh yeass" she moans into the bedding as her body convulses, clamping, then releasing my cock, still hard and buried deep inside her.

That was all I needed. I pulled all the way out with a slippery squishy pop, and while stroking a bit, let go of one of the biggest orgasms in my life. I was spurting cum all over her ass and back and it didn't seem to stop. The feeling was so intense, and was such a strong release, that my ears started ringing and I got dizzy.

We collapsed, with her on her stomach and me on top. I brushed away the hair from her face, and kissed her. She responded by turning on her side.

"I think we have a bit more time" she smiled as she grabbed my hand and pulled me on top of her. 

We continued our time together for another hour before the reality of the world stepped in. We cleaned up, dressed, and while returning her to work, vowed to see each other again- not physically- but purely as friends, because nothing would be better than what we just had, and our friendship was more important.

At least that was the theory anyway....