 This is my first story. I'd love to hear some feedback. Trying to get stronger in my writing.

********

It was finally finished. For the last couple days Jake has been building fence around the back yard of his mother's friend Maggie. Now, as he stands on the back porch of Maggie's home, his muscular arms crossed over his broad chest, he's filled with a feeling of satisfaction and pride. 

"It really looks great." Maggie says from behind him, giving him a bit of a start. Jake looks to the side to smile and talk to his mother's friend but his words catch in his throat for a moment when he sees her. At almost 40 she looked incredible. Especially in the neon yellow bikini she had on her wonderful body. The bright color popping out from her pale skin. Maggie's 5'5" frame and D cupped breasts were being held tightly by the yellow cloth. Her red curls falling to her shoulders concealing the strings holding her top in place. The crush Jake has had on her since he knew what a girl was swells up in him as he looks away and toward the fence again. 

"T..thanks." Jake replies after regaining himself. Maggie smiles at the young man whom she has watched grow up for years. Now 19, he was very handsome. Maggie looks over Jake feeling small surge of pride in her friend's son. He was much taller than her and his mother at 6'2". His time in the gym evident in his thick arms and chiseled body. Even the shirt he had on seemed to do what it could to help make him look better. Everywhere Maggie was light Jake was dark. Brown, nearly black hair, cut short in the summer heat. His skin tanned from his work outside on the fence and countless hours running or hanging at the beach. 

"Ready to sit for a while, honey?" Maggie asks as they stand. Jake nods silently as the both of them look down at the bubbling hot tub Maggie turned on a while ago when Jake told her that he was just about finished. She of course invited Jake to stay and soak a while. Relax and let the hot water soften his stiff, overworked muscles. Spending time with Maggie was, of course, the reason he agreed to build the fence in the first place, so to spend more with her now was an easy decision. After shedding his shirt Jake slides into the jacuzzi on the far side from Maggie. The pair of bathers sigh as the hot waters seeps into their bodies. Jake looks across at Maggie. She smiles back.

"You really did a wonderful job, Jake. I'm so glad your mom told me you knew how to do all this."

"I'm glad I could help," Jake replies. "Just let me know if you need anything else."

With his reply Jake sits back against the wall of the hot tub and closes his eyes. He listens to the bubbling of the water. The wind rustling through the trees above. The soft, wet plop of something hitting the concrete. Maggie sighing again as she relaxes in the water. Jake slowly opens his eyes, curious about the soft sound he heard. Once they are open they open wider. Next to Maggie, in a small pile on the edge of the tub is the top to her bikini. Maggie is topless in the tub with him! 

Jake's eyes dart to Maggie. Her arms and head are back on the edge of the hot tub, eyes closed and sunk down in the water. The bubbles and swirl of the water concealing her nipples, but just the sight of her bare breasts bobbing there in the water is already effecting Jake. He can feel himself blushing. He can feel the stir below. "Um...Maggie?"

Maggie looks up. Her piercing green eyes looking into Jake's darker blue eyes. She sees the slight distress in those eyes and begins to question him before she sees them dart downward then back to her eyes. She actually gets a little annoyed with him. "Oh for heaven sakes Jake, they're only boobs. You've seen boobs before. Besides, they're under the water. You can't see anything anyway."

Maggie leans back and closes her eyes again figuring the matter closed. She's been so close to Jake for so long that somehow she doesn't understand that the young man in front of her could even be effected by the sight of her breasts in the water. Her friend's son is all Jake is to her. She's been in her bra and panties around him. Worn plenty of bikinis around him. All without a second thought as to Jake being attracted to her. 

Jake's mind is running wild. He tries to relax again. Tries to close his eyes so Maggie isn't tipped off about his crush. It was so juvenile. A boy with crush on his mother's friend. Cliche, slightly pathetic. Unfortunately those thoughts are overpowered by the images of Maggie. Her bare breasts in the water. Her body in the bikini. Her beautiful eyes. The red hair he's always found so sexy. That time in a parking lot during a windy day that Jake was treated to her ass in a thong when a gust brought her skirt up to her arms. He begins to stiffen in his shorts. Maggie invading the rest of his body as she soaks just a couple feet away from him. 

"I...I need to get going." Jake says quickly and climbs from the water. He grabs his shirt as Maggie opens her eyes. "Oh. Well ok, honey. Drive safe."

Jake is at the front door when he hears Maggie call after him. 

"Jake! Hold on."

She appears in the front room. Jake sighs internally. He was trying to get away and now here she is wrapped in a towel and headed for him. His thoughts and feelings rush back as she crosses the room, breasts still bare but just barely contained in the white fabric hugging her. The bright yellow of her bikini peeking out from beneath the bottom of that towel like a small beam of sunlight breaking out of cloud cover. 

She holds out a small leather object. Trying to hand it to Jake but he's lost for the moment in her again. Maggie looks a bit concerned, thinking to ask him what is wrong after she gives him what she has. 

"You forgot your wallet, Honey."

Jake takes his wallet silently. He smiles a little in recognition of what she's given him.

"Jake? Is everything alright?"

Finally Jake comes back to reason. "Ya...every thing's fine. I just needed to get home."

Maggie nods and smiles. "Well don't think for a second you are getting out of here without a hug, mister!"

Before he can move, Maggie has Jake in her arms. That was it. The secret was out. Maggie stands holding Jake against her. His erection pressing firmly against her hip. Jake's heart sinks in embarrassment. A shock of surprise rockets up Maggie's spine. Neither moves for a moment, unsure of what to do. Then everything clicks for Maggie. All the signs and glances. All the movements from Jake. They all help to make her understand finally what is going on. Jake, the boy she helped raise. The son of her best friend wants her. 

Maggie is the first to move. She pulls away and slowly looks up into Jake's eyes. Her lips move but Jake barely hears. "Jake...is that because of me?" 

Slowly Jake nods his head. He's lost. No idea what to do now or what's going to happen. Maggie continues her gaze into his eyes. How could she not have seen before? Jake was no longer a boy. Certainly not the same boy she helped raise with her best friend. She rests her hands on his elbows. Gaging the man in front of her. The man that has been excited by her. The man that wants her badly. She can see it now. With a slight nod she makes a decision deep within herself. 

"Come with me." Maggie all but whispers. Jake follows as she takes his hand and begins to lead him back into the house that he had almost run from. While he follows, he takes in everything he can. The bounce of her hair. The flex of her bare legs and shake of the towel over her ass as she walks. The part of her bottom sticking out from under the towel teasing him as she leads him into her bedroom. His mind races. He's about to go to bed with Maggie. Nearly every fantasy he's had since he knew what girls were is about to come true. 

Maggie leads Jake to her bed. She sits on the foot of it and brings Jake around to stand facing her. She looks up, their eyes meeting once more. Her green intermingling with his darker blue. His lust for her growing every second that his eyes are on her. All the want for her, she can almost feel bearing down on her. It excites and scares her to no end. She's not even sure if anyone has ever wanted her so much before. With trembling hands Maggie reaches to the knot in her towel. Her eyes never leaving Jake's. 

With a quick flick of her fingers the towel falls away, pooling around her thighs. Another jolt of excitement runs its course through her as she watches Jake. His eyes widen just a little. His tongue wets his lips quickly. Their gaze is broken as Jake begins exploring her breasts with his eyes. Their roundness. The pink of her nipples. How hard those nipples are now. Jake muses that they might be almost as hard as his cock right now. He wants so badly to touch her. He wants to feel her against him. Wants to experience her warmth. He isn't sure what to do, what Maggie really wants. He reaches for her. Slowly and softly he caresses her cheek. Surprised to see this woman he's known so long blush at his touch. Her cheeks turn another sexy shade of red and her hands move to his waist. 

Maggie's eyes travel downward now. Down Jake's hard chest and rippled abs. Visually embracing every bit of him while she enjoys the results of his work at the gym. Her gaze crosses the border between skin and fabric. Set before her is the bulge that started all of this. Maggie takes in a deep breath. Coming to terms with what she's going to do. She still has a chance to stop this. She could stand up right now and ask Jake to leave. He mind tells her all of this but her body fights back. Her rising temperature. The heat in her belly and between her legs. Every cell of her skin wanting to be touched like her cheek was touched. Slowly her thumbs hook into the elastic of Jake's shorts and pull downward exposing her next shock of the day.

"Oh my god!" Maggie whispers in a gasp as Jake's shorts hit the floor. Jake was huge! At least nine inches and thick enough that as she timidly put her hand around the base her fingers just barely touched on the other side. Jake watched as Maggie held his cock and looked it over. Her eyes a little wider and her breathing a little faster. She didn't stroke it. All she did was hold it for a moment while her eyes traveled its length, etching its image into her mind for a long time to come. She squeezed a little and Jake groaned. It throbbed in her hand and she licked her lips just a bit. 

Jake pushes his hips forward just a touch. Maggie squeezes again. She looks up into Jake's eyes. His excitement ripples inside him when her lips part and her tongue emerges. The touch of her tongue against the sensitive tip of his cock forces another groan from Jake which draws a soft moan from Maggie as well. Her eyes close, her lips purse and press against the spot where her tongue just was. She kisses the tip, the shaft. Dragging her lips down its length until they are nestled underneath against his balls. 

Maggie keeps the image of Jake looking down at her in her mind as she plays with his cock. She keeps her movements slow. Holding the base with one hand and sliding her lips back to the head again. She's never had one nearly as big and she wanted to experience all of it while she was in control. The feel of the soft flesh against her lips was something she'd always enjoyed but she had the urge to go in a different direction than her usual actions. Instead of opening her mouth, she let the head of his cock slide up along her cheek. She pressed all she could against her face and basked in the feel of the shaft against her. Jake's moans echo in her ears as Maggie rubs him over her face. Holding him delicately and worshiping his cock as if it were the idol to a long lost deity.

Jake couldn't believe what he was seeing. This beautiful woman sitting on her bed and just rubbing his cock over her cheeks and lips. The friction sent chills over his body and the sight sent electricity down to the head of his cock. It swelled in her grasp. Throbbed against her lips. It begged for more attention and soaked up all it could get. One more groan made Jake close his eyes. When he had the power to open them again he was surprised to see Maggie drawing his cock back toward her lips and leaving a streak of his precum along her cheek.

Maggie could almost feel Jake's heartbeat under her hand. Every throb and jerk of his shaft echoed her excitement. When she felt the little wet trail his cock was leaving across her cheek she smiled and opened her mouth. She squeezed his shaft and took him in. She moaned around him and pressed the head against the back of her throat. Her eyes gazed up into his once more. Every ounce of lust and excitement she was feeling was being reflected back at her in the blue of his eyes. 

Jake met Maggie's eyes just before she closed them again. A contented moan floating up to him as she begins to suck on his cock. Her hand stays still around the base while her mouth moves along her length. She takes all she can into her mouth with every bob of her head. He's mesmerized by her red curls bouncing around and the look on her face as she opens her mouth a little widen and runs her tongue up his shaft from his balls to the head.

With his cock fully wet and ready now, Maggie was set to really thrill the young man she had in her grasp. Her hands slide to his hips. She closes her mouth around his cock again and pushes her head forward. She takes in a breath as the head crosses over her tongue and pressed to her throat again. Jake moans and Maggie's hands tighten on his hips a little. She pushes more, taking his length and letting him slide down her throat. Jake grabs the back of her head and tangles his fingers in her hair while she deep throats his cock. She pushes toward him. His hips press forward. Her lips meet the base of his shaft and linger a moment. Letting him enjoy the feel of being fully in her mouth before she pulls away again and gasps a bit to catch her breath. 

Jake doesn't want the feeling to end, but of course it has to. Maggie draws her mouth back, letting his cock free. Little strands of saliva stretching between the head and her lips before she licks them away. Jake is speechless in a way he's never been before. He wants more of her. Wants her to suck his cock again but has no way to tell her. His mouth won't form the words. All he can manage is to push his cock toward her mouth ever so slightly and keep his eyes on hers. 

Maggie can see in Jake's eyes exactly what he wants and she is more than willing to continue. With one hand on his hip and the other around his cock again, Maggie takes him into her mouth again. His hand tightens in her hair and the slightly salty taste of his precum washes over her tongue. His moans urge her on while she bobs her head and strokes his thick cock with her lips, hand, and tongue. From time to time she pushes him all the way down her throat again. Keeping him guessing and moaning. The hand she left on his hip drops to her own chest. Her fingers toy with her nipples while her tongue toys with the head of Jake's cock. Every push of her mouth and stroke of her tongue exciting her more and bringing Jake right where she wants him. 

Jake's breathing was deep and a little ragged. The fingers Maggie's hair tighten just a little more. Maggie knows what is about to happen and she wants it. She speeds up her mouth, strokes his thick cock and moans around him. Jake's legs shake just a little when he reaches the edge. Maggie pushes forward again and takes him to the back of her throat with her tongue pressed against the bottom of his shaft. That push was all he needed. Jake groans deeply. His cock jerks and Maggie feels his cum begin to flood her mouth. She pulls back, keeping the head of his spasming shaft in her mouth while she strokes the rest. She swallows quickly as more and more washes over her tongue and slides down her throat. She pulls away and opens her mouth, with his cock resting on her bottom lip to let Jake see the last bit of his cum shoot and drip into her mouth. 

A shiver runs down Jake's back as Maggie closes her mouth, and with her eyes on his, swallows the last of his cum. He drops to his knees in front of his mother's best friend. She giggles some as he leans forward and takes her breasts in his hands. He caresses their softness, lifting them, testing their weight in his hands. Maggie's hands run through Jake's hair as he leans in and takes a hard nipple into his mouth. Maggie moans while his tongue runs around the nipple and over the top. Her head falls back some, her eyes close, and she pushes her chest toward Jake. 

Jake is lost in what he's doing. Nothing exists but Maggie. Her breasts are incredible. She is incredible. So many times he's thought about having this hot redhead and here he is with his mouth on her nipples. He keeps his mouth moving from side to side. Keeping her nipples wet, red and excited. He moves to treat her tits like she did his cock, rubbing his cheeks over them a little. Teasing her nipples with his lips. Maggie's hand roam his head and shoulders while he works on her beautiful tits. 

Maggie feels Jake's hands move to her shoulders. His mouth pulls away from her and he gently pushes her back onto the bed. She lays back, letting him take control of their encounter. She knows she is willing to give him anything he wants now, so she'll let him go for now. His hands hook under her knees and push her legs up. With her knees above her hips Jake caresses Maggie's thighs. Teasing her skin with his hands until he has her ass in them both. Keeping his hands on her skin, he moves his fingers to her hips, locating the sides of her bikini bottoms. He lifts and the wet fabric slips off her ass and up her thighs. She straightens her legs to allow Jake to get them over her feet and off totally. 

Jake stops for a moment once Maggie's bikini is on the floor. He knees in the air, thighs spread a little. Her pussy is smooth, wet, and obviously ready for him. He kisses the inside of her knee while she watches and smiles. Her own hands roaming her breasts and nipples while Jake tends to her legs. With his hands on her outer thighs he trails small licks and kisses on the inside of her knee, the back of her thighs. Every touch of his lips making Maggie shiver inside. Every tiny lick building her anticipation. Finally she feels it, Jake's breath between her legs. His tongue tracing over where her leg meets her hip on the inside. Just between her leg and pussy. 

A hot moan echos in the room when Jake's tongue parts Maggie's pussy. She spreads her legs more and squeezes her nipples between her fingers. Jake presses his tongue further. Touching her sensitive inner lips then stroking them with the tip of his tongue. Maggie sighs in pleasure while he slides upward to draw slow circles around her engorged clit. His hands caress the back of her thighs while he explores her pussy. The slight tinge of chlorine drifting in with the taste of Maggie's excitement. Every shiver of her body makes Jake want to do more for her. 

Jake begins to focus more on her clit. Maggie groans again as his tongue flicks over the top of it and circles like a shark before a meal. Jake smiles a little and drops to her wet opening. He gives her long slow licks from the base of her pussy up to her clit, flicks over top of it, and drags his tongue back down again. He keeps up lazy pace with his moves but firm pressure against her when his tongue meets her clit. Maggie's sighs and moans keep constant while Jake eats her. 

A louder moan rips into being when Jake's tongue moves downward and pushes into her opening. Her body shivers again while Jake fucks her with his tongue. Her hands squeeze her tits, her legs spread wide, and her hips push toward his mouth. Now that he has her totally open to him he focuses on her clit again. His lips trapping it, sucking it into his mouth to roll his tongue over it. Again and again he sucks and rolls her clit. Letting it out quickly flutter his tongue over it and draw more circles around it to tease Maggie. 
