 The other day I was at home watching a basketball game when my phone rang. I answered the phone and it was my friend Stacy. She said that she was feeling very down and needed to talk to someone. I invited her over to my apartment, but she said that she would rather go out, and she asked if I could pick her up. I told her it would not be a problem, and that I would pick her up in about 20 minutes.

Stacy is a 5' 7" gorgeous babe. She her size 6 body has great curves with long blonde hair, blue eyes and C cups. At times, I have entertained notions of seeking a romantic interest in her, but I have never though of myself as "her type of guy". Stacy normally dates guys that are more typical than I to stand out in a crowd am. I am more reserved, and quieter than the guys that have occupied her dating history.

Stacy have been close friends for about 3 years now, ever since we worked for the same company. I have since left that company but we have stayed in touch. I freshened myself up and threw on a sweater and jeans sprayed on some cologne and headed to go pick up Stacy.

Stacy was already sitting on the front steps of her building in jeans and a denim jacket when I pulled up. She gingerly sauntered down the steps toward my car. As she got closer, I noticed that the jeans fit her exceptionally well, and she was wearing a cute and relatively skimpy floral halter-top underneath the denim jacket. She looked exceptionally hot for a girl that reportedly was feeling very upset.

She immediately gave me a hug the moment she sat down in my car. She thanked me for coming over to see her, as the sweet and sexy aroma of her perfume permeated the air of my car. Her eyes and lips were dressed up to be as sexy and engaging as I could have ever imagined her looking. I told her that she looked and smelled great, and that I was happy to be there for her. She told me that she dressed herself up because it was all that she could do to help her feel good about herself. I took her hand and suggested that we talk about over coffee, as I drove toward our favorite café where we have had other such talks. She nodded in approval of my idea and held my hand firmly.

She began telling me about the guy that she broke up with 2 weeks ago. He did not make her feel loved or special, in any intimate fashion. She was beginning to doubt herself and what kind of person she was, and whether or not she would ever find anyone that would make her feel as desirable and loved as she thought she deserved to feel. I told her that there was no doubt in my mind that she would find that person much sooner that she was presently thinking that she would.

We pulled up to the café, and Stacy mentioned that she would rather just take something to go and head somewhere where there were not so many people. Stacy held my arm tightly as we walked in together and ordered our drinks. The smell of her perfume was tantalizing, and I could not help but once again entertain those romantic notions that I had previously had of her. I was thinking to myself that I have, and I would continue to treat her just as she wanted to be treated, I have always cared deeply for her, and I wanted her very badly when we first met.

We left the café and drove down to the pier. We talked about love and relationships on the way there. She said that her drink was making her feel warm and she slid off the denim jacket. The skimpy halter-top magnificently shaped the curves of her breasts. I did my best to make sure that I did not drool from my mouth, but I was certainly drooling from my eyes.

I was doing my best to concentrate on acting as a friend to Stacy and not trying to rip her clothes off and take her right there in the back seat of my car. She had me so turned on, just from the way that she was dressed, the way she smelled, and her body language. It was as if each word from her lips was lulling me deeper and deeper into a hypnotic trance. She completely captivated me in this trance, and I was ready to yield to all of my carnal desires, yet she would have me exactly where she wanted me.

She snapped me out of the trance when she looked deeply into my eyes and asked "Charlie, if I were your girl would you treat me exactly the same way as you do now?"

"Of course" I answered her, "just as well, and even better."

"I want to be your girl Charlie" she replied. "I love the way you make me feel, and the way you treat me."

As dumbfounded and excited as I was about what Stacy had just said I clumsily asked, "are you sure about this?"

Thankfully, she answered, "I'm very sure about this" with a sly grin on her face, as she wrapped her arms around my neck and pressed her lips down to mine.

I returned her kiss yielding my lips to hers as she deftly sucked and licked my lips. I grabbed handfuls of her soft hair and I pushed her back into her seat and climbed on top of her. I tore my mouth from hers and began to kiss and nibble her neck. I wanted to pull down the halter-top and devour her breasts, but I could not do it like this, in my car at the pier.

I pried myself away from her and I said, "I'm sorry but we can't do this, not here, not now, not like this." Stacy looked at me with a confused and agitated look and said "but you just said that you wanted me, and I just put myself out for you."

"Its not at all that I don't want you" I said, "its just that, I don't want to have you here in my car at the pier, I want our moment to be more special than just the seat of my car" I explained.

I think that my words only made her want me even more, and she insisted that we head back to her place right away. I did not waste any time in driving back to her apartment. Sexual energy filled the car on the way back, as we were both very eager to be all over each other.

We stepped into her apartment, dropped our coats and went straight to the couch. We sat down and kissed passionately. Her fingers took handfuls of my hair and she pulled me down on top of her. My hands roamed her body, as we lay entwined on the couch. I softly ran my fingers down her back, trying to hold back on my carnal hunger to simply ravage her. I felt my cock straining against my pants, and I was certain that she could sense my urgency too.

Our kissing was hot and intense and I was caressing her breasts through the halter-top. I felt her nipples hardening beneath my fingers, and her own roaming fingers were feeling my cock growing and hardening in my pants. Stacy separated herself from me and smiled as she untied the halter and let it drop, exposing her beautiful chest to me. I didn't hesitate a moment and I dove straight down into her soft cleavage. I sucked briefly on each nipple and then went back and lingered on her right nipple, sucking, licking, and nibbling. She held my head down to her chest, as I played with one nipple with my fingers, and teased the other with my mouth.

I could sense that Stacy was very aroused, and she wanted much more than I was giving her. I pushed her halter to the side and I slid down her torso, laying kisses along her tummy. Stacy arched forward toward me, and a soft moan escaped her mouth. I unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans. She arched her body upward again to help me slide the jeans off of her body. I dropped her jeans on the floor, and then I kissed my way up her thighs, and cupped her ass in my hands. I softly squeezed her ass as I moved upward between her legs.

Stacy was wearing very sexy, high cut bikini panties, and I pulled them down and tossed them aside. I parted her lips open with my fingers, and I flicked my tongue over her clit. She moaned excitedly at the touch of my tongue. I rolled my tongue slowly up and down between her lips. I loved how she felt so wet on my tongue. I drove my tongue deeper inside her tasting her and wanting her more. I rolled my tongue back up to her clit, and circled her clit with my tongue. She wrapped her legs around my neck, and held me there in her pussy as she reached what seemed to be an almost epic climax.

I wiped her juices from my face and I crawled back up her body. I kissed her deeply and held her as she recovered from her orgasm. It didn't take her long to recover, as she rolled me over and then straddled me. She cupped my cock and gave it two sweet strokes. She felt my pre-cum on her fingertips, and then she guided my cock to her pussy. She lowered her body over the entirety of my cock and began to rock back and forth. I could feel the muscles of her vagina stroking my cock. Her pussy was warm and wet and felt amazing.

I took hold of her ass and helped to rock on my cock more quickly. She moaned and flung her head back, as she was reaching her second climax, I wasn't going to hold myself back any longer and I let my cock erupt inside her. I felt her pussy working my cock to milk it for every last drop, as I came. Stacy collapsed on top of me and held me tightly as she came a second time just as I had finished my orgasm.

We lied together in bed feeling great after having great sex, and discovering the perfect partner that had actually been there all along.