 I felt along the wire as I traced it to its source within the engine compartment. Thankfully, my fingers encountered nothing but cobwebs and old grease.

The wire was intact. That at least made one for once.

I pulled my arm out of the engine compartment. Picking up a rag I stepped back from the Mustang and surveyed my handiwork.

I'd had to replace most of the wiring as mice had made piecemeal of things underneath the hood, but theoretically things should work now. I'd changed the oil yesterday, along with the gas.

The oil really hadn't needed to be changed, but the supplies were available and so why not. Indeed, it had been nice to do something of such a former pastime as working on a car again with the pursuit to drive it.

It wasn't the only thing I wanted to drive though. Reaching forward I took the hood extension rod down and snapped it flat into place and then I let the hood slam down.

With the hood closed I turned my back to the car and faced my silent admirer, who had perched herself on top of a barrel nearby. She smiled and eyed me over speculatively as I continued to wipe my hands off on the rag.

I had never known or even heard of the existence of this place that lay within a two-day walk of my own place and yet there was good reason for it. It was a bug out homestead.

There wasn't even a noticeable road other than a leveled off dirt path leading away from this place. The house and the shed were fully stocked with all the food and necessities needed to make it in a grid down situation and to some degree quite luxuriously.

Whoever had set this place up hadn't made it though and for the past two years or so it had sat here waiting. Waiting to fulfill a desperate need in a feat of God appointed timing that was undeniable.

I had not ceased to praise God for the provision of this place and truly a stockpile of food capable of lasting years, if managed correctly. It was exactly what Pastor and the kids needed.

In short, this place bought us some time, but I wasn't satisfied with that alone. I needed to know if things further out were as bad as I had been told that they were.

To that end, I intended to explore and test the waters so to speak. I wanted to do it alone, but JaLin wouldn't have it.

She'd broken through my hard reserve to her coming along yesterday by stating in English, "You live, I live. You suffer, I suffer. You die, I die. You go, I go!"

I'd given it up then. There was simply no denying a plea played on the heartstrings such as that.

Speaking of hearts I idly took in the way her nipples were peaked hard against the shirt she wore. Her breasts were small, but I didn't care. They were still quite fun to play with and highly responsive.

I reached out an oil stained hand and rubbed it over one of them possessively and had the satisfaction of watching her eyes blink closed for a moment. They opened again with a ready fire within them to experience more and I was helpless to fight against the urge to make her passions come true.

I glanced toward the shed's access door only to have my eyes drawn back to JaLin as she held up a key in the air. I smiled wolfishly and stepping close I bent my head to hers and whispered, "You little vixen you! You want me that bad do you?"

She nodded her head emphatically before then kissing me. I kissed her back even as I let my hands slide down her back to squeeze over her perfectly rounded little bottom.

I picked her up and her arms and legs closed around me. I then carried her through the garage a short distance never breaking the kiss with her and then I laid her down.

Her eyes opened as our lips parted and with a bit of a smirk she took in the fact that I had just laid her down on the hood of the Mustang. I grinned right back at her as I pulled her shoes off and then her tight jeans along with her T-shirt.

I'd always wanted to do this with a girl and now I got to do it with my girl. She wore a dazed expression of wanton desire as I pressed her legs up and apart even as I kneeled down onto the concrete floor.

The floor was hard, but I didn't care. The experience of doing this was worth it.

My mouth descended upon the slick wetness that her womanhood already was and I took my fill of her as I sought to drive her to a fever pitch of wanton need. Moaning and twisting about upon the hood, she accepted the strokes of my tongue upon her and when she was breathing heavy and almost over the edge I stopped.

She moaned in anguish and chuckling I got up and undid my pants. Her passioned eyes took in the desire for her that I always had before they rose to my eyes with open want for all I had to offer.

I grasped her ankles and slid her lower down on the hood until her bottom was poised slightly over the edge. I split her legs apart and rested them against my shoulders as I bent down over her and placed my oily hands to either side of her on the car hood.

Her feet caressed my neck and ears as I familiarly nuzzled my shaft into her tight folds. Holding her gaze, I pushed forward into drive and watched to see how she would respond.

Her nails bit into my back and her groan was answer enough to testify that she was ready to ride and so I did. She was fast and came hard and moments later I joined her and she fell over the edge with me for a second time.

Breathing heavily from the exertion of past moments I held my weight up off of her. That said, I still stayed fully connected with her, as it simply felt good just to be in her.

Glancing about introspectively I came to the conclusion that I had dented the hood. Oh well.

My eyes met hers and she knowingly squeezed down on my shaft with her strong inner core muscles. Groaning, I shook my head. She was amazing and I told her so on the spot.

Her hand came up to caress my cheek, "You too." She said.

I let her feet slide off my shoulders and letting down onto my elbows I kissed her. I loved this woman so much!

We stayed that way kissing for a while and then she curled her legs up around me and ground herself against me. Unbelievably, I felt myself stiffen to full hardness again within her tight sheath and I started to drive her all over again much to her delight.