 It was a boring Saturday night, and I was cruising some of the hottest sites on the Internet, wishing for the hundredth time that I had someone to share my horniness with –someone that did not exist only in cyberspace.. The porn sites that usually got my juices flowing were no longer doing it for me. As I surfed, I became more and more frustrated at the lack of satisfaction I felt, and decided to take a different approach. Maybe I could find a man to satisfy my desires in one of the many Internet clubs I had seen listed on Yahoo. The name of that search engine always got my motor running as I imagined screaming the word "Yahoo!" in ecstacy as I was fucked by my dream lover.

I began my search, hoping to find some excitement among the many personal ads listed. Suddenly my pulse began to race, as I read an ad written by someone who seemed destined to reach into my soul-and my now throbbing pussy. His name was Dan and he had the kind of smile that swept into the very core of my being, and the sweetest eyes I had ever seen. I was immediately drawn to his easygoing style of writing, and his absolutely beautiful teddybear like body. I have always liked large men, and Dan's casual dress and the way he smiled from my monitor seemed to draw me to him. I could picture his strong arms around me as he brought me to new heights of ecstacy. I noticed that he lived in Florida, right near my mom, and decided to email him to arrange a meeting during the Thanksgiving holiday.

After a few intimate conversations on the computer and on the phone, it was time to head down to the sunny South. All the way there, my clit was throbbing in anticipation of our meeting and I had to go into the airplane bathroom several times during the flight, where I brought myself to new heights of pleasure while imagining Dan taking me, until I exploded in ecstacy, my juices drenching the new shorts I had bought just for this trip. I patiently endured my time with my family and my cousin's engagement party, longing for the day when I would be able to feel Dan pressed against me as he took me to new erotic heights. Finally that day arrived.

Dan walked into my mom's house, greeting me with a hug and kiss that seemed to say "just wait until I get you alone". He patiently answered my family's questions about his house and his job, while giving me secret glances that fired my imagination. After what seemed like an eternity, we were able to leave and immediately headed to his house. Dan reached over while he was driving and began to caress my large tits, making my head swim with desire. At every stop light, he would brush his fingers over my thighs and chest, making me wetter than I had ever been. I shifted in my seat, feeling my juices rise as I quickly fondled the bulge in his pants, causing him to smile and sigh softly in pleasure. 

We got to the house and practically ran inside. Dan took me in his arms and thrust his tongue into my waiting mouth while continuing to fondle me as he pressed me against him. We went upstairs to his home office and sat in the chairs next to his computer. He reached for me and pushed up my shirt and bra, sucking on my 46D tits with a moan of pleasure. I pushed his head down and sighed with pleasure as he feasted on my tits and reached into my shorts, feeling my now-soaked pussy. 

Unzipping his pants, I pulled his stiff cock out and caressed it, bringing forth a moan of ecstasy from his open mouth. Dan began to pant softly as I knelt and took his beautiful cock into my hot, waiting mouth and began to suck it gently, then harder and harder. His knees shook as he said softly "Suck my cock, baby..ohhhhhh that feels so good" and pushed his cock deep into my throat. I continued to deep throat him until he exploded in my mouth with a scream of pleasure that I was sure the whole neighborhood could hear. We quickly went into his bedroom, where we undressed each other, licking and sucking on each newly naked patch of skin. Dan had a video playing of large-breasted women being eaten and fucked in every position imaginable. We lay down and watched for a while, caressing and fondling each other as I lay in his arms. He reached down to my sopping cunt and began to finger me, making me squirm with pleasure. He thrust three fingers inside my wide open pussy and I exploded in pleasure, drenching his hand and the sheets with my cum. 

Dan took his fingers out of my pussy and licked them clean, then leaned over and thrust his tongue into my mouth as I moaned softly, making me taste my juices mixed with his saliva. I couldn't wait any longer. Dan's cock was stiffer than it had been earlier and I had to feel it inside me. I climbed on top of him and slid his stiff cock into my wet and waiting pussy. I started to ride him like the stud he is and we both began to moan as my pussy muscles squeezed his cock and his balls slapped against my ass. Dan rolled me over and I got on my hands and knees so he could fuck me doggie style. He thrust his cock deep into my pussy and I screamed as my first orgasm hit me. 

Dan pounded his stiff cock in and out of my dripping snatch as both of us moaned our pleasure. I came over and over as he fucked me for what seemed like days, until finally he groaned and thrust hard into my pussy, squirting a huge load of his hot cum inside my cunt. We collapsed on the bed, still locked together, as we caught our breath. He kissed me softly and whispered into my ear, telling me I was the hottest woman he had ever been with. As we drifted off to sleep, I knew this was just the beginning. The Internet had given me a real-life experience I would never forget-after all, real life is better!