 I sadly watched as Stephen packed his bags to leave me again. It's almost impossible to describe how happy I was that it would only be a week...especially this week. The reason being his boss' new secretary. I have never met her, but I loath her. With the stories Stephen has told me, I have good reason to hold her in contempt for possible actions of the future. It's not that I don't trust my husband...I truly do. I don't trust her. 

He says she prances about like a cat in heat, and targets any and all moving objects with a dick...and of course, it doesn't help when he adds in that her looks don't hurt either. This is Stephens' crafty way of saying she is definitely fuckable. 

He thinks I don't know how to read between his lines, but oh how I do. The only thing that saves him, is that I also know how loyal he is, to everyone and everything he is involved with...and you know what, I'm glad he shares his thoughts with me at all. Plus, Stephen is a terrible liar, so to pull something like that off would be a great feat. It would eat away at him. However, should something like that ever happen -because I won't put it past him- I would forgive him...

"A'right, I'm all packed love." I stared into space within my thoughts, I heard him, but I was too far off to respond."What ya thinkin' kiddo?" Stephen gave me that look, closing up his suitcase. He knew all about my crazy imagination, and what I did to myself if I thought too much about certain things. 

"Hmm?" I looked at him mindlessly, breaking from a horrid scene of him and the new office slut...I got a bit carried away. He chuckled lightly, and grabbed hold of my face.

"What's goin' on in there? Huh?" He looked into my deep green eyes, so filled with worry, and I knew he could see...I would have tried to hide it, but it was a bit too late at that point...

"Nothing." And my laugh confirmed it was a lie...damn that laugh, I can never keep control of it.

"Ya need to stop you're worryin'. I've been gone for longer."

"I know, it's not that." He let out a sigh and sat beside me a moment.

"What's it then love? You've got to tell me if ya want me to help you feel better. As much as I'd like to be, I'm no mind reader." 

"You're real funny...I'm just worked up about this secretary thing. I don't like that she's going." I laughed at the words, realizing myself how silly I sounded. 

"Ah, come on now kiddo," He laughed, taking me up in a hug, kissing my forehead, "She's not my type anyhow." He joked, but I didn't find that at all comforting. 

"Well, what if she was then?" He could see that I was more serious now.

"Love, It wouldn't even matter." 

"Would you fantasize about her? Is that who you would think about when you were jerking off? I mean, I don't care...I'm just wondering." 

"Oh, bull...ya do care, otherwise ya wouldn't look like you were about to be put to death." He laughed, but let it go quickly as I asked again...

"Would you though? Would you think about her?"

"I don't know...probably." I knew it was true, I mean, who wouldn't...and I'd rather have that then him actually having her...it was just weird to hear...I shouldn't have asked, it's not like it made me feel any better...

"Love, look at me." I didn't want to at first, "look at me," He demanded, so I did..."I chose you...I want ya kiddo, trust me. I come home to you, love all over you're body, not hers, and not anyone elses. I've never given another women anythin' but a thought...if I did happen to think on her, that's all she'd be, just another thought to get me by until I got home. Don't ya trust me?"

"Oh, I do...I do Stephen." I felt sad now, I didn't want him to feel bad, and I certainly didn't want him to think I had no faith in him, "I'm sorry love, I know you wouldn't do anything." I traced the outline of his face. Coming in close I kissed his lips and he grabbed me tight, pulling me down to the bed...

"Don't you have to leave?" I asked between kisses.

"Mmm...they can wait." He said, frantically undoing his pants...all I could do was laugh.

"Get your pants off if ya want this, woman." He said, stroking his stiffening cock. 

The fact that he wanted a quick fuck for the road was actually a turn on...on top of the fact that he called me 'woman', instead of the ever popular 'kiddo' was also helping. So, needless to say my clothes were off stat, and I was wet and ready to go. His unoccupied hand slid up to a breast, his other guided cock into me, as I played through his hair, and massaged my clit. In no time, we were half way there, and soon after that, I was begging him to fuck me harder, which he agreeably complied with.

We settled a moment, I kissed his cheek, and then reality struck him... 

"Fuck, I really have to be goin' love." He jumped up and ran for the bathroom. I grabbed his bag. A moment later he emerged and I followed him to the door, where he gave me a quick peck on the lips and clamored down the stairs to his car.

"Be careful!" I called to him.

"Will do Kiddo...be good," Stephen chuckled, shutting the car door. I just shook my head with a smile, and watched as he backed down the driveway, out of sight past the trees of our wooded yard. I waited a moment, and heard the honk of his horn. Stephen always did that for me if I was awake when he left. 

Alone....again, but oooh how sweet his returns were. Stephen was never too tired for sex. And even when I was it didn't matter, because he would get me so excited, passing his rush of sexual adrenaline onto me. I slumped onto the couch in that thought and the cat appeared out of no where. She always showed up at the best moments, like she knew when I needed someone...

"I need to clean this place up Kat." I told her, rubbing behind her ears. It was the customary Saturday departure, and I had nothing to do. Well, that wasn't true, but I didn't feel like doing laundry, or the breakfast dishes, or making the bed...infact, I loved it unmade. I thought of Stephen every time I walked in the room. He didn't mind much either, which is the only reason I left it that way most of the time. I jumped up and stood in the doorway...that messy bed was love...and I jumped into it, enveloping myself in the large fluffy bed cover. I loved Stephens' scent, one of the best smells in the world. It was soap, and work, and him, and there was no other thing I could call it but Stephen. 

The day progressed slowly but surely, and without warning, I realized it was evening. I got up to make myself something to eat, and there was a knock at the door. I thought it strange, as my friends always called before stopping by, and at that they were welcome to enter without knocking...so, a bit puzzled I answered the door....

"Oh...hi Tom." It was Stephen's older brother. I hadn't seem him in quite some time, he was more attractive then I remember...

He was very rugged, more so then Stephen. Taller and thicker as well, features that had always attracted me. And that accent of his was much thicker, just a bit deeper. It was like having an amplified Stephen around. The only thing that was off putting, was his manners...and his loose habits. He said what he wanted, did what he wanted...nevermind the consequences. I can't say that wasn't alluring from afar, but when dealing with it on a daily basis -which I had before when he lived with us- was not so lovely. 

"Hey Ter. How've ya been?" We hugged, and he kissed me on the lips...something he had said was 'perfectly fine', as we were inlaws. But of course, being Tom, he always took it to another level, "Where's your other half' " He mocked, pushing his way in.

"He's not here." I closed the door, and eyed him up...he had bags. That was never good. 

"Oh aye, his...'buisness trip'..." He smirked, flopping on the couch.

"What are you doing here?" I sat calmly on the opposite chair. 

"Oh, what a charming welcome from my favorite inlaw." 

"Well...last time you showed up with bags, you stayed for close to a year. Remember?" I was hoping that wasn't the case this time. 

"Aye...that I do. You two were like rabbits...damn. Barely got any sleep. Ya married now though...bet that's changed, huh." He smirked wickedly. 

"Actually..." He interupted me.

"Knew it...can't expect much when he's away all the time...probably tired when he gets home too. Poor little Terri..." 

"Actually, I was going to say that it's basically the same. ESPECIALLY whe he gets home. So, I'd be gone by then if I were you." 

"Oooh...you're a bit more hostile then I remember. Probably all that sexual tension."

"Does he know you're here?" I ignored his ignorant statement. Although, I did feel a bit tense...thinking about that whore on the trip with Stephen...having Tom talk in his 'language'...this was going to be a long week. 

"Yes and No."

"Alright...well, do you mind explaining that?"

"Fuck...you're even cuter when angry...I like it." He leaned closer my way. 

"Well, you always bring out the best in everyone Tom." 

"Aye...ya think fuckin' Steve is great...ya should try me on for size." 

"I'll pass...now, 'yes and no'?" I was trying hard to conceal the fact that his nature was sexy in a bizarre way. He was turning me on.

"Ah...well, he did know I'd be comin', but...I wasn't meant to be here 'till next week."

"Why are you early then?" 

"To keep ya company." There was that wicked smirk again...and it was strange how I knew what he was thinking.

"So...am I correct in saying: you knew he wouldn't be here, but came here anyway to...'keep me company.' " 

"Aye...I knew he wouldn't really want me here alone with ya....no matter what he says." 

"I can't imagine why." I rose to return to the kitchen, "What makes you think I'd want your company anyway?" 

"Trust me babe, ya want my company." There was a silent pause, then I heard him close behind me, "ya need my company."

"Are you hugry?" Is all I could say. 

"In more ways then one." 

With that I swallowed hard, but continued to do what I was doing. I could feel his eyes burning into my body...

"Why ya wearin' shorts and a tank? Not that I object...but it's chilly out there." 

"Well it's hot in here, especially when cleaning up." 

"Aye, 'tis hot in here...I wager it could get much hotter though."

I didn't answer him, and turned with two plates in my hand. He moved close to me...

"Allow me..." He smirked, took them from me, and I grabbed two beers from the fridge...I was gonna need one. 

"Oooh, what ya think Stiff Steve would say...seein' his pretty wife drinking with his horny brother?" He leaned in close, "And I don't mean stiff in a good way." He laughed at himself.

"Well...if he were here, it wouldn't really be an issue, now would it?" 

"Nah, I mean...if he were to walk through the door at this moment. What would he do?" 

"He'd probably flip out...at both of us." 

"You, really? Didn't think that of the stiff." 

"Well, you'd be surprised. He would be angry with me for letting you in at all. If we were drinking...he'd assume the worse." 

"I wonder why that is." He said sarcastically, popping the beer caps. Mine, then his.

"Why what?" I asked, after taking a long swig. 

"Why would he assume the worst from a loyal pussy like you?" 

"Well, I mean...come on, it's just a natural feeling. Especially when it comes to you...add beer into the mix. Beer you happen to be drinking with his wife....AFTER purposefully coming to his house knowing he wouldn't be home."

"That all has to do with me...not you. I'm thinkin'...he's out...for weeks at a time some points...right? Right...so, I know for a fact that women are on some, if not all of these trips...waitressess...hotel girls...clients...fellow passengers...fuck, a street walker, whatever. Ya think he's not screwin'...not even once? If even not now...before. At some point?" 

"ALRIGHT! Get to the point for fucks sake!" 

"Aye..." He laughed through his beer, "Walking in on us drinkin' behind his back, he'd think you'd done it, 'cause he has." He finished his first beer, "That's a man for ya babe." 

"I'm not doing anything behind his back." I answered with a lump in my throat. I'm sure he could tell...my face was flushed, I felt a bit sick. What if Tom was right? What if Stephen had went and fucked someone, at some point...even if he wasn't anymore, he still had. I rose with my still full plate...

"What ya doin'?" He was confused. 

"I...I'm not hungry anymore. I have to call Stephen." 

"I wouldn't do that. Grab me another beer." 

"Why?" 

"'Cause, if he knows I'm here...and by some chance, I AM wrong about him fuckin' one, if not multiple girls on his trips... if he hadn't, then he definitely would now." 

"No...no, I have to tell him. I don't even care at this point." 

"Keep tellin' ya'self that." He called to me, as I ran to make the call. 

When I returned, Tom had made himself comfortable on the couch. He was on his third beer...

"So?" He asked, as I sat beside him. I was quiet a moment.

"He was fine." I think he was, he seemed to be. 

"Sure he was." He mocked. 

"Would you quit it!" He was so infuriating...but that's what seemed to make him more attractive. 

I leaned my head back, closed my eyes...bad decision. I jumped as I felt something cold against my bare leg. It was Tom's beer bottle...and he was starring at me....

"Stop worryin'...I just like to fuck with ya." 

"Too late for that." I half laughed...I was so stressed, and horny...thanks to Tom, and the two don't mix well. 

"Just fuck me and get it over with. You'll feel better." 

"I can't." I half laughed at how bold he was. 

"Pussy." He laughed, putting the empty bottle on the table, and turning closer to me. 

"Dick." I laughed back. 

"Aye...a big stiff one too....good stiff. You'd like it." 

"Maybe." My imagination was raging like crazy. 

"No, not maybe. You want it? I won't tell...and if he happens to find out, blame it on me. I don't give a fuck." He was dangerously close to me, I could feel his warm breath on my neck. I turned to face him...

"I..." His lips latched to mine, and I melted into it. Sometimes he was much more gentle then he appeared, but when he touched my leg it was too much. I realized what I was doing, and I pushed him away....

"I can't do this." I jumped from the couch and went in the kitchen, I needed a drink. 

"Do what?" He followed me..."Ya think I want to have sex with ya?" 

"Oh gee...I don't know. I guess you just wanted to check and see if everything was alright down there." 

"You want me to fuck ya, don't ya Terri?" He smirked with pride.

"What...no." I half chuckled. 

"It's just sex. It doesn't mean anythin'. Ya think Stephen isn't out there fuckin' women on his little business trips?" 

"What?" I was so taken aback, that I didn't know what to think..."I...well...no, I thought you said you were just fucking with me when you said those things? And it's not just sex to me."

"Well, it's still something ya should think about...and I'm not talkin' when you're with him...I'm talkin' with me, or him with other pussies." 

"Could you please...just stop saying that shit, ok! And I do think about it, I think about it all the time! "

"What ya so worked up about? I'm just sayin'." 

"Because! Okay...because there's this woman from his office on the trip with them. A new fucking, secretary bitch, that Stephen has already talked about...and how she's this and that...and I can't fucking take it, alright."

I stormed out of the room, and slammed my bedroom door. I hated him right now, but it made me want to fuck him more, just to relieve the stress. I had a headache from thinking, and he walked in without knocking. He half laid on the bed...

"Sorry 'bout that. I didn't know." 

"Well Tom, that's why you don't just go around saying whatever you feel like." I had my hands over my eyes, trying to rub out the pain, when I felt a tingle at my calf. Looking up, his finger was mindlessly tracing over my leg..."Stop that!" and I moved away from him.

"Ya like it when I touch ya, don't ya? It's scares ya, doesn't it?"

"Shut up!" I tried not to laugh, and I turned on my side so he couldn't see my face. He moved all the way onto the bed now...

"Tell me...how wet are ya right now?" He came closer, and grazed over my bare thigh, "Lem'me see...it's just a feel, and he'll never know." 

His large hand slipped through my thighs, I should have stopped him, but I didn't...my body was on fire...

"I've always wanted to fuck ya." He whispered in my ear, and it sent thrills through me, and my pussy began to throb with excitement...

"I never said you could fuck me...I never said anything."

"That's not what you're pussy's sayin'...and not saying nothin' is just as bad as sayin' yes." He could feel how wet I was through my shorts, and pulled me towards him. He placed my thighs on either side of his kneeling body, "He doesn't deserve a fine piece of arse like you."

"If you say one more thing about Stephen, this stops now." He made a motion of zipping his lips, and removed my shorts. 

"Fuck, look at that pussy." He squeezed my pussy lips together, "'Tis a thing of beauty...and look how wet ya are. I knew it. You're such a slut.I bet that's why..." Then he stopped himself.

"Alright, that's it..." I moved quickly away from him, "You've seen it. You've toched it. You made me wet, big fucking deal." 

"Easy..." he said. 

"No, you take it easy! I'll tell Stephen what you've been playing at." I smiled at how stupid that sounded. 

"Oooh, I'm so scared." He mocked, rising from the bed, "Maybe I'll ring him, tell him how warm your thighs were...how good ya smelled, and how sweet your wet pussy was." With that he sucked the fingers he had touched me with, and slammed the door shut as he left. 

I stayed in my room, and didn't hear from him the rest of the night. I cried myself to sleep, thinking on how I should have just let him fuck me, and what was Stephen doing....and how did I get here...and so many stupid things that had nothing to do with anything. 

The next morning, I layed there for a long time...until the urge to pee finally took over. I headed for the bathroom, and was greeted with naked Tom, and stiff cock, stepping from the shower...

"Damn, sorry..." I said, hurrying to close the door, but he stopped me...

"Ho...wait...tell me, how much bigger is my dick then Steve's?" He laughed, and started stroking himself. 

"I'm not doing this..." I laughed and went to leave again, but he grabbed my wrist...

"I already know the answer, I just wanna hear ya say it." 

"No." I was trying to pull away from him, only out of principle, but he was too strong. 

"Look at it, You've seen cock before. Just tell me, I wanna hear ya say it." He brought my hand closer to him, and I resisted, "Touch it." He laughed. 

"Still wearin' your wet shorts...I bet that smells lovely." He laughed, and it allowed me to pull away, but I didn't leave. 

"Touch it." He smirked that wicked sexy way, and I couldn't resist any longer. I had never touched anyone other then Stephen in that way, as he was my first real boyfriend, my first real fuck... and then I married him. I felt a bit left out, because I know Stephen had been with a few others...and perhaps more in his travels. 

He was so hard, and his body was so warm, and thick, and I wanted him in me, on me...everything. He was like a monster compared to me. Stephen was tall, but thinner then Tom, and shorter still. He lifted my onto the bathroom vanity...

"Wait," I barely breathed...I was dizzy with excitement, and I didn't want to miss anything. 

"Shut up," He said, and kissed my lips...I could feel his cock on my thigh, as he parted between them. 

"You're a noisy fuck aren't ya?" He whispered, sucking on my neck, as I already started breathing heavy. 
