 When we awoke the next morning my honey wanted me to eat her as a breakfast appetizer. I nuzzled her neck, kissed her lightly from the neck to her ear to her lips as I was softly caressing her breast, tracing my fingers to her clit and gently caress her love button. As she started to moan and her pussy was oozing love potion, I stopped and said no honey we needed breakfast as there would be no time for lunch. She developed an attitude and I reminded her she was in charge last night, I am in charge today. That just fueled her attitude and nagging enough that I through across my lap, fingered her pussy some more, slapped her ass and stopped. I told her to clean up and get ready to go to breakfast. She muttered under her breath but I could see the smile on her face. As she was about to put her underpants on, I had her stop. She looked at me and said "you're kidding right". I was holding the vibrating egg that I had used on her on our first trip to PA. I told her to put it in her warm, wet, pussy, she replied for me to do it. I bent her over the bed, slide the bullet in and slapped her ass pretty hard leaving a red mark. I told her she was going to be taught a lesson for her attitude; she smiled and said "I hope so".

As she put her pants on I tested the egg remote by running through the 7 vibrating modes, I could not believe she called me an asshole, for which I assured her she would be punished for that. As we arrived at the dining room for breakfast we were seated with another couple, right after we were introduced as my wife was sitting down I turned on the egg in her pussy. She jumped a little and told the other couple she has a back problem and gave me a stare. As the 2 girls went to the cereal and fruit table, the men stayed back. When she was about 15 feet away I turned on the vibrating egg to the increasing pulsation. As she jumped a little she looked back at me and shot me the look. After a few minutes I hit the off button to give her a break. When she returned to the table she made the comment about egg timers that never shut off. I had a curious look on my face as I hit the button and she nodded it was off. Apparently she was outside the range of the egg when I shut it off and it kept going, ah shucks, NOT!! During breakfast I played the different modes which were really getting to her, as we walked back out to our car I turned it back on the pulsating vibration mode which gets her pussy flowing like a stream. As soon as we were in the car she was ready to gush an orgasm and I turned it off. I told her this was her punishment day and I was in charge.

When we arrived back at the room I had her stop just inside the front door. After the door closed I put a blindfold on her and told her if she asked any questions she would have her ass spanked, as she nodded in agreement. As I began to undress her she asked if she could help. I yanked her pants down quickly and put a loud slap on her ass and turned the egg back on. She yelped with the crack on her ass but sighed as her pussy began vibrating again. When she totally naked, I took some ice cubes rubbed her nipples, then brought the ice down to those beautiful pussy lips, parted them with my fingers and put the ice on her clit, she took a big breath and asked why are you doing that? Again she yelped as I cracked her ass. I put her legs through a climbing harness and around her waist; I attached wrist restraints and connected them to the climbing harness with karabiners so she could not move her hands and arms. I lifted the blind fold so she could see as she paused for a bio break, then I lead her to the pool. As she entered the water I put the blindfold back on, she stated how she needed to cum, then she said please can I cum? Crack, as I slapped her ass bringing out more red on her fuckable ass. Because I was going to be putting her in different positions under the water, I put her diving mask on over the blindfold to reduce the discomfort in her sinuses and so she could not see what I was doing. 

I started by lying her on her back floating, gently caressing her body everywhere. This was driving her crazy as she was gyrating her hips. When she made a long exhale I let her go and she sank to the bottom. She was fighting for air but had a hard time getting up being restrained. I brought her up to the surface for air, as she took in a large breath screaming calling me a bastard, for which I flipped her over to scream into the water. As she lifted her head above the water I inserted 2 fingers in her pussy and a slim line well lube vibrator in her ass. She said she needed to cum, I replied in due time, she responded when? Oops another question, crack across the ass, she scream and I put her underwater with my wiggling fingers in her pussy, and the toy vibrating in her ass. As she started her rhythm to build to her orgasm, I brought her up for air. I told her to take deep breaths and I put her underwater again. 

As I saw she was approaching her orgasm, I went under the water and started tickling her, she was wiggling wildly as I tickled her with my free hand and fucked her pussy with the other, she lost a lot of air but I knew she was close. I moved my fingers up and down in her pussy attacking her G spot, moving quickly I sucked hard on her nipple and bam, her legs stiffened, she arched her back, and her pussy moved like the night I had her ejaculating, I could feel the juices squirting out around my fingers. Problem, she is out of air as I bring her to the surface sputtering and spitting water. She is working hard to catch her breath as I remove the mask and the blindfold. She is calling me "honey, you bastard, my fucking pussy exploded, what the fuck were you thinking", things like that. Still restrained she asked me to kiss her and when I did it was a deep intense passionate kiss that made my cock twitch. 

As I held her she asked if I would like to hear what she experienced? Crack on the ass as I rolled her over quickly putting her underwater as she was spanked again. She said OK I will tell you what I felt, but first take the egg out of my pussy, oops I did forget. She said she was about to cum when I started tickling her, and her lungs lost all air and she ached for air. When I put her back under and fucked her G spot that was it, it felt like an explosion in her pussy the contractions and spasm were the same as the night she ejaculated at home, she said it was intense. She said she needed to get out and use the bathroom as the ass toy had stimulated things which I hoped for, and she could de-prune for a while.

When she was done we went back to the bed to lay down for a few minutes, she assured me her colon was empty. I said more room for my cock in a little while. As she rolled over and put my cock in her mouth, I kneeled on the bed and gently stroked her pussy. She was moaning as she sucked my cock, which excited me to put 3 fingers in her hot, soaking wet pussy. As I started to wiggle my fingers, I said screw it, can she ejaculate again? I was telling her what a tight twat she had around my fingers, how I loved feeling her clit grow, how I was going to get her to ejaculate again making her legs wobble screaming for more. She was ready, talking (no screaming) back to me, "faster honey, harder honey, I want to blow my pussy juice all over you, her I come fuck me you bastard". BAM BAM BAM!! she was cuming and squirting, telling me please keep it going, don't stop, she was orgasming for over a minute, the sheets and bed were soaked when she said no more. She was exhausted, I could not touch anything erotic, she was a massive twitching women. Her pussy looked like a camera lens opening and closing, her nipple erect, catching her breath. Then I noticed she was crying a little, I laid next to her, put her head on my chest and asked her if she hurt. She said the tears were happy tears as she has never had such a great love and sex in one. She remarked how she has had at least 6 orgasms to my one, and how I enjoyed her orgasms so much. We kissed, cuddled, relaxed and fell asleep for about an hour. 

When we awoke I told her it was my turn and I was still telling her what to do. She protested "if I must" as she smiled. Back in the pool we floated for a while relaxing teasing each other. I slipped under the water and started slurping on her clit, man it tasted real good even though we were in the pool. She slipped under the water and teased the head of my cock, but when she went all the way down and hummed, holy shit I had to slow her down or I might blow. I brought her to the surface and said baby, you are a cock tease and for that you will be punished, yes please was her response. I put handcuffs on her hands behind her back, and pushed her over going underwater then watched struggle a little to get back up. She said that was nothing being a wise ass. I pulled out 3 large tie wraps putting one around each ankle lightly the tying them together with the other. She had very little movement with her legs and she was handcuffed. I pushed her under and now she could not get back up as easy and needed a little help from me. 

On the surface I told her what I was going to do to her pussy, her ass, and perky tits, but she could not cum before me. She protested but I wanted her to cum before me so I could punish her for cuming first. First I pulled out one of my new toys for her, a strap on butterfly for her clit. I had to remove the straps and re-strap it to get it on her because someone restrained her legs first, da. I gave it a test which she enjoyed, Next I pulled out the weighted nipple clips I had bought, attached hers to mine so it had twice the weight. As she watched me putting them together she said that was a lot of weight, it might hurt a little. In an evil tone I said "no might, it will". I pulled out a new dildo that vibrated, good size not as big as the one she had, and showed it to her. She said that would feel good in her pussy, I said no your ass, as her eyes went wide with a little fear. I put a condom on it, lubed that with anal lube and stood it up on the side of the pool. Then I pulled out her new dildo and said this is for your hot wet pussy. Now I was ready to begin our wild fuck session.

I began by caressing her body with my hands and tongue from head to toe avoiding her pussy and tits, she was wiggling and moaning asking me to touch her tits and pussy. Instead of rolling her over and slapping her ass, I would dunk her and tickle her until she lost her air then bring her up. She was getting angry after I had done that a few times and said "you bastard you tormenting me". I just smiled and said "just wait". I began caressing her breast and nipples with my hands as she moaned with excitement. I replaced on hand with my mouth and used that hand to part her pussy lips finding her already growing clit. She ground her hips into my hand and slowing began fingering her clit. She was already approaching her orgasm, so I pulled my mouth off her tit and told her don't cum before me. She was screaming oh, oh, oh, please stop or I will cum, I wanted her to cum and knew just what to do. I continued playing with her clit, and her nipples sucking and licking one. Her moaning was increasing and telling me "oh fuck you want me to cum you bastard so you can punish me" I did not say a word. 

As she started to orgasm she was loud and enjoying it. As she was at the end of an exhale I brought her underwater with me, assaulted her nipple with nibbles and sucking, squeezed her other nipple hard, and rubbed her clit and pussy faster. Her legs stiffened, she arched her back, and what little air she had come gushing out. I brought her to the surface and told her now she was going to be punished for cuming with many more no rest orgasms. I attached the heavy nipple clips and made them tight. As the weights pulled on her nipples she winched with some pain. I moved the butterfly over her clit and turned it on which brought her to another orgasm that even surprised me and I had not put the other toys in yet. I flex her legs to her chest and inserted the big dildo in her pussy first, then slowly inserted the vibrating, condom covered lubed dildo into her ass and turned it on slow. I rolled her on her side on the surface and slide my cock into her mouth. 

As she jiggled the nipple weights pulled her tits, I could rub the butterfly around her clit as it vibrated, and I could also reach the toys in her twat and ass. I told her don't cum my little fuck bitch as an orgasm hit her pussy. She could only arch her back as she as the toys down below impeded her leg movement. I turned the butterfly to a higher vibration pushed her underwater as the orgasm became even bigger and her thrashing under the water was making big waves on the surface. I continued this assault on her pussy for about 30 seconds under the water and brought her up for air. She was yelling "oh fuck, oh fuck, my pussy, my ass". I reached for the key to the hand cuffs and unlocked them, brought her hands to the front and re-locked them. She said what are you doing, I dunked her, tickled her until she lost air, and brought her back up. I said you will see as I removed the dildo from her ass taking off the condom. 

I put it in her hands and told don't let this go and do as I say when I say. I put a condom on my cock, put anal lube on went behind her and slide it in her ass. She said how she liked my cock in her ass. She held the dildo in her hands pushing herself up on the pool stair as I was behind her in her ass. I told her to give a blow job to the dildo as I fucked her ass, but she could not take it out of her mouth. When she started to cum we would go underwater. I could reach the butterfly on her pussy and put it on the vibration that gets her to pop fast, intermittent increase as I rubbed it onto her clit more. She was really close so I told take 3-4 big breaths we were going under. I was barely under the water and I could tilt my head back to get some air if I wanted. She was going to town on the dildo, I was pumping her ass when her orgasm started to hit. 

She was thrashing and bucking and I was holding on fucking her ass. She was screaming over the dildo when her pussy started twitching hard and she gagged herself on the dildo exhausting all her air. I kept pumping away, moving the butterfly when I realized she was down too long. I shot her to the surface removing and pulling out all the toys and my cock. She had a little glaze in her eyes as she was gasping air, I floated her to the pool stair and held her in my arms, and she was exhausted. As she caught her breath she asked if I had cum. I said no. She asked "why did I wear a condom for her ass". I told her I wanted to fuck her ass, and when I was ready to cum pull out, take the condom off and fill her mouth with cum. She said she was sorry and tried to slide down and star giving me a blow job. I stopped her and said no I was in charge and had a better idea. 

We exited the pool and dried off she had a puzzled look in her face. We had a little snack and some wine, and then I laid her on the bed putting a pillow under her ass, something new we had read. We caressed and teased each other, my cock was hard, and she said she wanted me inside her. As I went between her legs I did not enter her, instead I began an oral assault on her pussy that had her talking loud saying "honey I will come I cannot last long when you lick my clit". When her clit became large and she told me she was there, I jumped up and put my cock in her pussy. We looked into each other's eyes as I was pumping her. We reached to kiss, and we kissed deeply, and that was it, she arched her back started screaming she was cuming and her pussy really tighten on my cock. When that happened I was ready to shot my load deep in her pussy. Her pussy was clamped on my cock when I began loudly telling her I was cuming. Suddenly her pussy spasmed, I started cuming, and she was ejaculating, squirting her pussy juice all over my cock. As we laid there holding each other in a massive wet spot, we enjoyed the shock of what just happened, we agreed we think the pillow was a help lifting her pelvis. It is not often that a couple orgasms together, let alone during a love and sex session like this.