 Everything is available to the rich and famous, I'm not telling you to be a snob, I'm just stating a fact. They aren't going to pop into Ikea any time soon, not even the better department stores, especially when they want something slightly more intimate and personal. 

Of course the whole experience is designed with the customer in mind and nothing is too much trouble for them. After all the price tag reflects this, not that we have anything as crass as an actual price tag, if you have to ask the item is certainly beyond you. 

For that reason, I can't even tell you the name of my employer. Nor can I tell you who the gentleman in question is. I hope you understand.

We specialise in furniture, but frankly, that hardly does it justice. It's all master craftsman made, beautiful timbers and fabrics finished to perfection make each piece a work of art in its own right. It's a pleasure just to come to work and view them, not to mention the sheer pleasure of touching them and occasionally sitting on them. As a simple sales clerk I will never be able to afford anything in the showroom, but it doesn't matter to me. 

As you can imagine the sales team are subject to just as much scrutiny as everything else. The men are all tall, handsome, and perfectly groomed. Like the men, we ladies must be well spoken and perfectly presented at all times. I had to drop out of the ballet when I became a little too top heavy to continue. A little modelling tided me over until I landed this job, fortunately it came along before I was hungry enough to do anything that might have caused me to compromise myself, just some tasteful clothes work and a little lingerie. 

We'd just had coffee as normal slightly before eleven o'clock when James guided a well-known actor through the showroom, as I have already said I cannot divulge his name, but he was shopping for his property on Lake Como in Italy. I watched casually as he inspected the various beds on display he stood discussing one in particular, I think every girl in the store was watching surreptitiously as he moved casually round the room, imagining the lucky girls who'd no doubt be on that bed in those strong arms and that magical enchanting smile. 

James and the gentleman seemed to be getting on famously. James is so good at understanding people, he really is a pro at meeting the customer's needs, if it's some stuffy pompous upper class toff then he knows exactly how to be subservient without being a creep and if, as the gentleman obviously wanted, he could easily make a friend and put them totally at ease. 

They stood laughing quietly at some private joke they already shared at the foot of one of the beautiful beds we have. The Gentleman casually nodded in my direction and James waved me over. 

Smoothing down my crisp white blouse and pencil skirt, I walked quickly over, it doesn't pay to keep the customer waiting. 

James took care of the introductions, brief and professional as always, his eyes twinkled as he took my hand gently and kissed it, I hope my pulse wasn't obvious as he looked up at me with those eyes. I fought hard not to simply become a simpering fool and maintain my composure. Up close he was even more attractive. 

"Chelsey," James said putting his hand lightly on my shoulder. "Can you help out with a little demonstration please?"

With difficulty I took my eyes off the handsome customer "Of course James, how can I help?" I replied.

"Well, Mr, er, Smith here has had some disappointment before with the beds he has purchased, apparently the mattresses have been somewhat unsupportive."

"That's awful, I completely understand a firm mattress is essential for a good night's sleep." I replied earnestly.

Both James and the gentleman's lips twitched with suppressed smiles, clearly they had some sort of inside joke.

"Exactly, now would you mind helping the gentleman satisfy himself that this mattress and bed combinations is perfect for his needs?"

"Of course I'd be delighted, how can I be of service?" I asked eager to please.

"Well would you mind lying on the bed with the gentleman?" James asked.

"Of course not, it would be a pleasure." I said before realising what I'd said, both of them smirked slightly. Ignoring them, I stepped out of my heels and got up on the bed slightly hitching my skirt up. Glancing over my shoulder I smiled to myself when I noticed both of them staring at my ass. 

"Which side?" I asked the gentleman.

"On your back in the middle." James said. I blushed, instantly my head was full of the image of him naked above me.

"Now James," The gentleman said rebuking him slightly. "On the left please Chelsea."

Quietly I lay down and waited. The gentleman took off his jacket and handed it to James. 

After taking off his shoes he took up the space on the right. I can't pretend I didn't have a little flutter in my stomach as he lay down next to me, I wondered what the aftershave was, it was exquisite, I took a deep breath of it and tried to commit every moment to memory. 

I looked over at him and wondered what it would be like to wake up with that face every morning, I struggled to remain cool and calm, I could feel the heat rise in my cheeks and lower too. He wriggled around slightly and bounced up and down next to me. I lay still waiting for this to end. 

He rolled over to face me.

"Chelsea, could you sort of move about like people do when they are asleep?" He asked. In bed with you I'd do a lot of moving and no sleeping little voice inside me said.

Obliging him I moved round on the bed as best I could, he lay there watching me. there is just something about his eyes, for all my moving I couldn't stop looking into them, my whole world seemed to shrink. 

"Excellent, thank you Chelsea," he said. I could finally stop flopping around like a fish. I waited for him to dismiss me, desperate to prolong this moment for all eternity. 

"Chelsea, would you mind if we sort of moved closer and maybe tried moving together, I just want to see if this mattress is as good as it seems."

I blushed bright and hot and my pulse thundered in my veins. I put my hand over my open mouth. He sat up and looked over at me

"I'm sorry please excuse me that was very rude." He said and moved to the side of the bed.

Sitting up I touched his back stopping him.

"No, excuse me, you just took me slightly by surprise, and well James and everybody is here." I said smiling tightly.

"Well if you're sure." He replied and I nodded eagerly. "James could we have a moment?"

"Of course." He replied looking disappointed, but he quickly collected the other staff and suddenly we were alone.

"How do you want me?" I asked blushing furiously at my forwardness. He smiled reassuringly and my butterflies returned.

"Well in the middle please." 

I smiled gently and shuffled over to the middle, my skirt riding up until the lace at the top of my stockings showed slightly. 

I nearly squealed aloud as he positioned himself over me, straddling my thighs. Silently we moved together not quite touching. His forehead creased clearly he was unhappy.

"Am I doing something wrong Sir?" I asked, he smiled and brushed a lose strand of hair off my face.

"No of course not, I just don't think the position is quite right I can't tell." He said. 

I smiled softly, "It's our legs they're the wrong way round." I blurted.

"Yes I see what you mean, would you mind?" He said stroking my hair softly again leaving the question hanging in the air.

"Of course, but I'll have to take this skirt off." I could hardly believe I was being so bold, but he was intoxicating. He just smiled and rolled off me, sitting with his back to me he began to unbutton his shirt.

"Do you mind?" He asked looking over his shoulder at me. I shook my head and swiftly took off my blouse and skirt.

I lay back on the bed feeling the cool cotton sheets beneath me. Glad I was wearing my newest lingerie set and hold up stockings. He'd taken off his shirt and trousers, he climbed back into bed and I spread my legs for him pulling up my knees the way you do.

"Victoria's secret?" He asked, his fingers tracing my bra strap, touching my skin. I nodded not trusting my voice. "Thought I recognised it." He said smiling that crocked smile of his. 

He pulled my legs further up, his wonderful hands on my thighs stroking them softly, it was impossible to deny it any longer I was getting aroused by his closeness, his warmth and that cologne was like a drug. 

Silently we moved together simulating making love, his cotton shorts brushed against my flimsy panties. I couldn't stop a little gasp escaping my lips as we did so, he did it again and I gasped again. I reached up and stroked the back of his arm feeling the strong muscles, my nipples were tight buds aching for his touch. He smiled more and brushed against my panties again.

"You can get closer if you want." I breathed.

His shorts touched my panties firmly, my eyes went wide, and I could feel his shaft against me. He was definitely erect. I smiled letting him know I was completely comfortable having him touching me there, what woman wouldn't? 

Involuntarily my hips lifted slightly offering him closer contact with me.

He moved and I moved at the same time. His watch caught on my bra strap. We struggled for a few minutes to free it, but it was caught fast, he took the watch off. I lay there the watch resting on my shoulder. He tried releasing it but it seemed stuck . The whole time we were pressed together, I could feel my moisture soaking into my panties as he stimulated me unconsciously as he moved. 

"Shall I just take it off?" I asked brazenly, shocking myself. Where was all this coming from? Before he could say anything I reached behind me, unfastened the clasp, and took the flimsy garment off. 

"Do you want to carry on?" I asked. I couldn't believe I was acting like such a hussy, I wasn't a virgin but here I was acting like a whore in heat.

"If you don't mind." He replied wrapping me back in his arms, the hair on his chest gently tickling my nipples making them even harder, a wanton gasp escaped my lips as he rested his erection against me again and we started moving, my hands wandered to his hips pulling him closer till I could feel him pressed directly against my clitoris.

My lips parted and I offered him my red lips hoping that he'd take them, he didn't, he swallowed hard and brushed more strands of wayward hair out of my face. 

"What do you think?" I asked. "Of the mattress, I mean." 

His eyes flicked down to my bare breasts. 

"Magnificent." He said with a wry smile as his eyes moved to my chest again. I couldn't help but smile and blush a little.

"We're not as close as we could be." I said softly, I honestly couldn't believe how unabashed I was being, this man was turning me into the most wonton woman in the world. 

"How much closer could we be?" He whispered in my ear, his chest against mine.

My hands moved on their own and I pushed the waistband of his shorts down, he chuckled and took over removing them easily.

"What about me?" I gasped as he lay his naked cock against my panties. 

"Of course how rude of me." He said. I lifted my hips as his thumbs found the elastic of my panties and he slid them down and off dropping them on the side of the bed. 

He lay back on top of me and I pulled him closer holding his naked body between my thighs, his hardness resting directly on me. 

"Closer." I whispered as he rubbed directly in my wetness. "Please."

He moved his hips, I felt him slide down bumping over my sensitive places, and then I gasped as I opened up for him. My fingers dug into his shoulders and I held him close and we were finally joined together, my whole body trembled and shock as my orgasm ripped through my body from head to toe. 

"Oh please excuse me." I gasped. His kiss silenced everything else.

He made love to me with long deep satisfying strokes. I was putty in his hands, he took me higher and higher. No one had ever possessed me like this before. It was simply mind blowing, nothing else mattered. I knew he was getting closer. 

We held each other tightly as we came together and I gripped him fiercely as he spilt himself into me. 

Lying there silently, he stroked my hair softly, I smiled contentedly. His soft kisses making all speech unnecessary.

We moved apart. As I dressed, I knew I would remember this moment for the rest of my life. 

The shop floor was eerily quiet as I slowly took in my surroundings again suddenly embarrassed that I'd just let him make love to me in the show room. I wondered if the rest of the staff had watched, I decided I didn't care I'd always be that girl from now on, and I was sure all the girls would be jealous of me. 

"Can you arrange to have it delivered?' He asked and I became aware as I slipped my shoes back on James was there helping him put his jacket back on.

"Of course Sir."

"Tell you what, it would be delightful if Chelsea could deliver it personally, make sure it's all set up correctly." He said handing James a credit card as he casually looked at me.

"I don't think that will be a problem, Sir." 

James said smiling approvingly at me.

He walked over to me as I finished adjusting all my clothes. 

"And after it's delivered why not stay for the weekend?" He said standing close. Impetuously I straightened his collar.

"That sounds delightful." I said, and standing on tiptoes, I kissed his cheek.