 I knew. When I saw you climb out of the car in your tight jeans, buttoning your grey sport coat, I just knew this would be the night my curiosity would get the better of me at the exact moment my conscience looked the other way. Of all the things that made you irresistible, perhaps the strongest was knowing you were completely off-limits. We both knew the ball had been in my court for a long time, that a fucking would be inevitable. It had been fun playing The Game, pretending everything was normal in public, all the while speaking in private about scandalous, unmistakable deeds. Our musings had become so graphic they felt like memories of actual events rather than unrealized fantasies. 

The closest we'd come before this night was at the reunion, when we suddenly found ourselves the only two people behind the old brick building, sharing a smoke. You wore your boner all over your face, and I wondered if you could smell the arousal steaming from between my thighs. Later that night, I came off the bed to the thought of you snug inside me, hot and eager, behind that building. It felt so real I could almost feel the brick scraping against my bare ass. 

On this night, I watched you greet them all, working the room with ease and a delightful secret. Bro-slaps on the shoulder and overplayed handshakes for the men, polite kisses to the ladies' cheeks. To any casual observer our greeting would appear the same, but I knew you were mentally sucking my tits as you shifted your weight to hide the bulge in your pants. I very consciously tortured you with a naughty stare, simply because I knew it would work. I wished to God I knew the actual shape of your cock as well as I knew what made you tick.

We met in the garage quite by accident, where I was sent to retrieve a bag of ice. At least I think it was an accident. I certainly didn't know you were going to be in there. I don't think you did either, but maybe I don't give you enough credit. The buzz of the alcohol may have been responsible for the flush of my cheeks, but the unsteady breathing and rapid heart rate was all you. We took a simultaneous split-second to consider, we'll have plenty of time to readjust and look natural if someone opens the door and comes down the stairs. Just enough time to sneak a kiss, or a feel... 

I leaned against the workbench as I struggled with my bottle before you opened it for me. Even though you had your own that was nearly full, you took a pull from my beer before handing it back. With no words, you stepped closer to place your beer on the counter behind me. Involuntarily, I reached my free hand around your waist and rubbed your lower back. I saw you close your eyes tightly before you ran your hand up my waist and placed it gently, silently on my breast. Like a teenager afraid of his partner's reaction, you watched my face for any sign of apprehension or disgust. I happen to know for a fact you didn't find any.

You pressed yourself against me for the briefest of moments, so close I could smell the beer on your breath and the light scent of your fading cologne. Your cock pushed against the soft flesh of my inner thigh. Your heavy breathing turned to something more like a growl, which made me wonder if the maddening temptation had become painful. I felt like I should say something, but nothing I tried in my head seemed appropriate or necessary. "There's nothing worse than a girl who talks when there isn't anything new to say," you once told me. I leaned back and braced my elbows on the workbench, which thrust my crotch toward yours. Through the thin fabric of my skirt and your trousers, I felt your rod cradled against my slit. Arching my back, I experimented with moving my hips up and down. Your growling turned to moaning as I felt you tighten even harder between my legs. Just as I tossed my head back and started giving into the sensations, I heard the door to the garage spring open from the other side of the fridge. 

"Hey man, grab me another one, too," hollered a random partier. Snapped violently from our blissful dry-fucking, we grabbed our drinks and emerged from the garage without a word. I instantly felt superior to every single person in the room, not only for having had you between my legs, but also for harboring a secret that would scandalize them all. I jumped as I felt someone swiping at my ass. "Oh, your poor skirt!" Julie exclaimed, brushing me off, "You must have brushed it up against Todd's dusty work bench..."

The twitch in your eye was priceless.

I headed for the bathroom in the hallway, only to find it occupied. Knowing Julie and Todd wouldn't mind, I jogged up the stairs to their master bathroom. As I stood at the sink washing my hands, a wave of mischief overcame me. I locked the door, jiggled the knob hard, and set my beer on the back of the toilet. I climbed on top of the double vanity and spread my legs, one heel in each sink. I pulled my skirt up as I smiled at my naughty, drunken reflection. Taking my cell phone in one hand and pulling the crotch of my black cotton panties to the side with the other, I practiced my best seductress face in the mirror. I unbuttoned my blouse, exposing my matching bra before snapping a few pictures. I gritted my teeth in order to keep quiet as I rubbed furiously at my pink, throbbing flesh. After catching my breath and buttoning my blouse, I grabbed my beer and ambled carelessly out the door as if I hadn't just masturbated on someone else's sink.

As I made my way down the stairs, feeling satisfied as I clicked 'send' on a picture message, I saw you smoking on the porch and stepped out to join you. I walked silently over to you, pulled the cigarette from between your lips and took a drag as you pulled your phone from your pocket. Handing your cigarette back, I watched your eyes widen as you registered the scent on my fingers. I smiled and went back inside, knowing you would be watching me walk away if it weren't for the slutty picture you'd just discovered on your phone. 

Sometime between the porch and the end of the night, it appeared you had blown way past your limit. Your typically smooth gait became an unsteady swerve, your jokes turned racier, and your voice became loud and slurry. As everyone began gathering their purses and keys, Amy asked me if I was ready to leave. "He's definitely not ok to drive," I thumbed in your general direction, "I appreciate you picking me up earlier but I think I'm going to drive his car home and make sure he makes it in ok." Amy agreed and offered, "That's probably a good idea. I'll follow you and drive you the rest of the way home." 

"Don't be silly," I waved her off, "I live around the corner from him, I'll just walk." After several annoying minutes of convincing Amy to leave me to my plan, I dragged you to your car and buckled you in. We drove the few miles to your house without speaking. I pulled into your driveway and glanced over to see you passed out. I gave your shoulder a shove, "We're here." You pried yourself away from the cool window with a groan. I knew you were going to hate yourself in the morning. Leading you by the hips, I guided you up the front steps as you fumbled in your pocket for your house keys. "Fuck," you grumbled, "I left my keys at Todd's." 

And back to the car we went. Rather than take you all the way back to their house, I made the fateful decision to take you to mine. After doing the whole song and dance again, I struggled to hold on to you as I dug through my purse for my house keys. Once we made it through the door, I tossed my purse in the dark to the entry table I knew would be there to catch it. As I turned around to flip the light on, I felt strong hands grab me from behind, spinning me around. My scream was muffled by lips and a tongue that probed my mouth unapologetically as I was literally swept off my feet.

I suddenly realized it wasn't an intruder who had picked me up into a fireman's carry, but rather the very intoxicated man who moments earlier needed assistance walking up three steps. "Woah, woah," I pulled away from his face, "Put me down before you drop—"

"I'm not drunk." You proclaimed as you started up the stairs, "The beer I opened in the garage with you was my last one."

"Bullshit," I argued, "You passed out in the car."

Stopping halfway up the staircase, you smiled as you smugly recalled, "You sang every word of 'Friends in Low Places' when it came on the radio, you rolled through a stop sign at Eighth and Main, and you sprayed yourself with the perfume from under your seat before waking me up in the driveway." 

I slapped your arm playfully, "You're such a shit!"

You tossed me on my half-made bed before throwing your keys (that's right, your keys) on the nightstand, and crawled up to me. "Finally bought us a night together, didn't I? And no one will think twice about my car being in your driveway all night." I was tingling from head to toe, thrust into the realization that for one night, we didn't have to lie, pretend, hurry or be quiet. 

I pulled your face to mine, hungry for what I'd been craving for so long. I raked my hands through your hair and arched my hips to yours, eager to feel your hard length against me again. You leaned up to remove your jacket as I worked the buttons on your shirt, wishing I was brave enough to just rip them off. You peeled my top off and pinned my arms over my head, leaning down to kiss my neck. Your breath on my skin drew a labored moan from my lips that I didn't even realize I was holding back. I watched your arms ripple as you stood to kick off your shoes, unbuckle your belt and shove your pants down your thighs. I loved this moment, when your composure folded long enough to reveal the overeager lover beneath. I crawled to the edge of the bed, admiring your ass in boxer briefs before you removed them and tossed your watch on the nightstand. When you turned back, you smiled as you ran your fingers through my hair, appreciating the sight of me on my hands and knees in a bra, thong and stilettos. Stroking your cock for the first time, I laughed to myself that it seemed perfect in every way – mostly straight with a quirky little curve, smooth yet hard enough to burst. I viewed its impressive size as a delicious challenge. 

I wrapped my hand around the base of your shaft, squeezing as I sucked on the tip of your cock. I purposely let the mixture of my saliva and your pre-cum dribble down to your balls, using it as lubricant while I stroked you slowly. Breathing in your clean, musky scent, I sucked you deeper into my mouth. As you ran your fingers through my hair, I could tell you were fighting a biological urge to grab my face and force your way down my throat. To reward you for your patience, I sucked you in as deep as I could, until I felt my lower lip brush against your balls. You groaned, which told me you clearly weren't expecting such skill. I took that as a compliment.

Allowing myself to make slippery, wet noises, I worked my mouth furiously up and down your shaft, gently tugging and squeezing your balls from time to time. I played it up big, pulling out every trick I knew. Not only was I eager to show off, it made me excited to feel in control of your pleasure. When I felt you getting close, I used my free hand to push on your abdomen, right above your shaft. Like a perfect gentleman, you warned me you were about to come in my mouth. It was cute that you assumed I wouldn't swallow. When I felt the first spurt of warm, salty gel touch my tongue, I took a big breath and sucked you as far down my throat as I could. When your spasms finally stopped, I pulled you from my lips with a dramatic smack and rose on my knees to meet you face to face. You were smiling lazily, and pulled me in by the small of my back. I wanted to see how you'd react to being kissed by the woman who just had your semen in her mouth. I forced my lips against yours, and was pleasantly surprised when you pried my lips farther open, crushing me with your kiss. I grabbed your shoulders and threw myself onto your chest, wrapping my legs around your torso. You lifted me on top of the tall dresser, your wicked intent revealed the moment I realized I my crotch was level with your face. You must have read my mind as you ripped my panties at each side, sliding the destroyed fabric out from under my ass and tossing them aside. So intense. So fucking hot. You ran a tentative finger down my slit, clit to asshole, before using your thumbs to part my pussy lips. You gave a flick of the tongue against my throbbing nub and I thought you planned to tease and torture me. But you didn't. You ran another finger between my labia and brought it to my mouth, offering me a taste of my own fluids. I opened and tasted my tangy, slick desire for you. 

"Tell me how you like it," you demanded, "Talk dirty to me."

I hesitated only for a moment before ordering you to suck my cunt. I grabbed a handful of your hair and used it to guide your lips and tongue right where I wanted them. "Use your whole mouth," I instructed you, feeling certain you enjoyed your face in my pussy. The feel of your stubble and hot breath against my sensitive folds had me panting in no time. You reached under my ass and slung my legs over your shoulders, moving your head from side to side as you messily tongued and slurped. 

"Use your fingers, baby," I instructed you, "Fuck my pussy while you lick my clit."

Eagerly, you used two fingers to fill my tight channel, and it took no time at all for my body to respond. Hoping you could still breathe, I grabbed onto the hair on the back of your head and held you against my core, hips bucking and thighs shaking beneath you as I soaked your hand with my juices.

"Fuck!" I cried out, thankful no one was around to hear me. I relaxed my grip on your head as you wiped your mouth with the back of your hand. I could feel my ass cheeks sticking to the dresser, a product of my own wetness, as you lifted me down. 

I pushed you onto the bed and climbed on top of you, straddling your hard-again cock. Needing no assistance whatsoever guiding it to the right place, I circled your tip with my wetness until you lifted your hips and slid all the way inside me, swift and powerful. Taken off guard, I opened my mouth to cry out in pain, until I realized it had quickly given way to intense pleasure. I felt your velvety and unforgiving thickness stretching the walls inside me, still quivering from the intense orgasm. Impaling myself completely, the tip of you charging against my cervix, I began rocking my hips back and forth on your lap. When I leaned forward, I gasped as I realized I could fuck your cock and grind my clit against your pelvis at the same time. 

I felt you somewhat cautiously tugging at my tits, tweaking my nipples. You were definitely on the right track, but I needed something extreme to match what was going on down below. "Pinch..." I ordered, "Pinch my fucking nipples!" Naturally, you did exactly that. "Ohhhhh, God, Oh God, Oh God..."

"I'm gonna come," You announced calmly, yet I knew you were losing control.

"Come with me!" I begged, "I'm almost there..." Hoping I wasn't hurting you, but knowing you wouldn't stop me even if I was, I braced myself on your chest as I leaned forward slightly, slamming my hips down onto yours over and over. I tossed my head back and roared obscenities that seemed appropriate for how bold and deliciously slutty I felt. Feeling my pussy milking your shaft, my thighs squeezing and shaking, the wetness rolling down from between my sheath and your shaft must have put you over the edge. I felt you rolling and shuddering beneath me, digging your fingertips into my hipbones to steady your own rocking orgasm. 

Neither a care nor a fraction of guilt existed between us for our actions, our carelessness or the potential far-reaching consequences of what we had just done.