 Tina called me at the office about a week after we closed.

"Hi Sexy" she said after I picked up the phone. During the past week, there had been plenty of distractions, but I had pretty much thought about the sexy babe on the other end of the phone every waking moment. 

"How is the new house?"

"Great, almost all of the boxes are unpacked."

"I can think of one box you haven't unpacked yet” Confused, on how she could know what we had unpacked or not, until my mind switched into the sex gear she was already in. "But I think you need to pack that box again! What are you doing today for lunch?"

"Nothing...."

"Good your hot little Realtor has a surprise for you. Meet you at 12?"

"Sure"

It was only 10am and the next 2 hours seemed to take forever. I got so hard after the call, I feared standing up. Not from the tent in my pants, but the fact I think all of the blood in my body was in my cock right now. 

Noon finally came, and I met Tina in the parking lot. She had on a simple sundress and sandals. She looked incredible. My raging hard on was back instantly. As we walked to my car, she walked slightly ahead of me, no doubt to tease me. Her curves were visible through her sundress as the sun shined brightly, making the fabric sheer to her outline. I opened her door, and she got in the car, somehow she leaned just right and gave me an eye full down her dress. Not a bra in sight, just her tan perfect breasts. This drive is going to be difficult!

We decide to get some heart attack in a bag and go to a local park. Tina explained to me that she had promised me a surprise and wanted to show me.  She wouldn't tell me what the surprise is, just promised it would be good. We talked about real estate for a few minutes while we ate in the car. Our new house, and the fact we should buy a rental property or 2 in the future. I didn't need much more selling than a hot agent to convince me on rental property (I thought of all the houses we could walk thorough while checking out her body). I promised to talk it over with the wife, oh yeah, I got a wife..... That is when Tina said she wanted to show me my surprise.  She pulled her sundress over her head, and was sitting there in the front seat of my car totally naked. No bra as I had already seen, and no panties either. Her surprise, she had rid her snatch of all her hair. Her snatch was completely bald. Now that is what I call a surprise! My heart skipped a beat, and I completely forgot about that wife thing all over again.

Tina spread her legs to show me how she was truly hair free.  I believed her, but enjoyed the show.  She hadn't said a word since pulling her dress over her head. I just stared at her for a while. She broke the silence as she ran her hand up her thigh, and then a finger through her bare snatch. "Do you like your surprise?"

"Ye.. Yesss. Yes I do."

"That rock hard cock of yours begging to burst out of your pants kind of gave you away! Think you could pack this bare box of mine with your cock?

So in control. She ordered me to the back seat, and to remove my pants. It was pure lust. She lined her snatch up with my cock and lowered herself down on to me. She was so wet I slid right in with one stroke. In broad day light we were having sex in the back seat of my car!

It was so hot, and as anyone could guess didn't last long. Within a few minutes I blew my load deep inside her, as she kissed me passionately. She whispered into my ear "Thanks for packing my box, stud” We dressed and headed back to my work, and her car. She had pulled her dress over her head, but left her snatch exposed for the ride. 

As she got out of the car, she promised to send me some emails of some investment properties that would be good to check out. A quick grab of my cock, and peck on the lips and she was off.

About 2 pm I got an email from Tina. I opened it and found just the words, "Thank You" and a picture of her sundress pulled up exposing her bare snatch with just a hint of cum leaking from it. Looking at the screen, I thought to myself that was the best lunch of my life. What does my realtor slut have planned for us next I wondered?