 Vacation Sex Is The Best

My life in New York City is stressful, so I was happy when my planned solo vacation to Cancun, Mexico finally arrived. Before I left, I took a moment to look in the mirror. I'm a 32-year-old, single woman who's never been married and has no kids. I'm a brunette, 5-foot-5, and 105 pounds. I had a boob job a few years ago, and now I have nice C cups with perky nipples, that my friends always compliment me on. Since I love exercising outdoors, I've got a nice tan, and I hit the tanning bed, naked of course, to get rid of tan lines.

I must admit it's been a while since I had sex, so I was getting ready to leave for Mexico, I was feeling very horny. Maybe, I thought, I'd meet a guy in Cancun who would sweep me off my feet and give my pussy the cock it desperately craved.

I decided to do something a little naughty before I left NYC and went to a plush salon and got a Brazilian wax. After it was done, I had a tiny, pencil-sized landing strip leading to my new silky smooth pussy. Why can't I meet a guy, I thought!!! Wouldn't he love to plunge his cock into my newly smooth pussy?

I celebrated my new Brazilian that night by laying in my bed, spreading my legs, and playing with my pocket rocket vibrator. It's by far my favorite sex toy. I moved it over and over my clit with various speeds and pressures, as I pinched my nipples with my other hand. Soon a wave of pleasure swept through my body. I shuddered and moaned as the orgasm tumbled through me. Nice, I thought, but still not the same as a man thrusting his cock into me, then shooting his warm cum into me as both our bodies tightened.

The next day I flew to Cancun. I had a reservation at the Fiesta Americana Grand Coral Beach, which is a super luxurious hotel with a massive pool right on the Caribbean. I checked in, put on a string bikini and a sundress, and headed down to the pool.

The warm sun, tropical breezes and happy atmosphere made me even more horny. Lying in my chaise lounge, little trickles of sweat began to form all over my skin. I could feel my bare pussy under my bikini bottom, and wondered if anyone else around the pool could tell I was smiling because I was so happy about how pretty and perfect it was.

I closed my eyes and dreamed of sex. My nipples stiffened, forming little mountains against the fabric of my triangular bikini top. I didn't dare touch my pussy in a public place, but I could feel it getting wet.

I wanted a cock so bad. I wanted to seduce a man, move my hands over him, fall to my knees, take his cock in my mouth. I've always loved taking control of a man with my mouth. Any man I've ever dated has always woken up in the morning with a warm, wet blowjob which always results in his cum ending up in my tummy.

But the reason I love blowjobs so much is that I know how to suck, stroke, lick and tease a man to the point where he wants nothing more than to be inside me. Feeling a cock inside my little pussy and knowing it was my talented mouth that made it so hard makes me cum and cum and cum.

I realized all that was missing from my poolside fun was a cocktail, so I headed to the bar for a margarita. I spotted a guy by himself chatting with the bartender, but thought, "No way could I meet a guy on my first day of vacation."

But sure enough, we started chatting. He was just my type, brown hair, nice body, funny. He was also in Cancun on his own, and he asked me if I had been in the ocean yet. No, I replied, and we headed down to the beach to swim in the surf.

The afternoon progressed, and my new friend asked if I felt like going inside and taking a break from the sun. Good idea, I said, and we headed into the lobby.

We got another drink and I asked if he would mind if I paid a quick visit to my room to drop some things off. No problem he said, he wanted to do the same. Come up to my room when you're done, he suggested, it's got a view of the Carribean.

I dropped off my bag in my room and took the elevator up to his room. It turns out he had scored a suite with floor-to-ceiling windows and lots of other fun perks. We took a little tour and ended up admiring the room's shower together. It was massive, with multiple shower heads, a little bench, stone walls and a rack of bath products.

"Actually a shower would feel good right now," I said.

"Let's take one," he replied.

One of his hands touched my shoulders, and I almost melted. He gently removed my sundress, leaving me standing in just my bikini.

"I almost hate to take this off you, because you look so good," he said.

But he slowly, seductively, removed my bikini top, pausing to kiss my neck and shoulders, then circling his tongue around my nipples.

Then he kissed my tummy, and undid the side strings of my bikini bottom. He smiled when he saw my pretty, new Brazilian-waxed pussy. I arched my back, thrust my breasts forward and made a seductive pose, teasing him.

As he admired my sun-kissed body, I made a move for his swimsuit. Pulling it down around his ankles, his cock sprang forth, clearly hard from the little show I put on. I kissed him, put one hand on his back, then with the other hand lightly stroked the head of his cock.

He moved me into the shower. Warm water cascaded all over our bodies. He rubbed soap all over me, and I loved the attention he paid to my titties and pussy. At one point he kissed me, and with his fingers lightly rubbed my clit. I breathed hard and moaned as he alternated between slow and fast. Electric sex feelings began to surge through my body.

I was close to cumming, when he turned off the shower. He put both my hands against the shower wall, spread my legs, then toweled the water off my body.

He led me to the room's giant bed. We layed there for a few minutes, kissing, playing with each other's bodies and listening to each other moan when something felt good.

I flipped him onto his back, then licked him from the base of his balls to the tip of his cock. I wiggled my tongue into his cock slit, and listened to him gasp with pleasure. Then I took his whole cock into my mouth, coating it with slippery saliva. Now it was time to grasp him with my hand, to stroke up and down, while my mouth provided more wetness and my tongue toyed with his cockhead.

He quivered with pleasure. His hands grasped the sheets and his legs spread wider apart. Then I gave his balls a nice tongue bath, rolling each one around in my mouth. He was my sex slave, and my blowjob clearly had him under my spell. I could have easily brought him to orgasm, feeling his cock tip swell then shoot a sweet load of cum into my mouth, but no, I had something else on my mind.

I brought my body up to his cock, and lowered my wet pussy onto him. I arched my back and began riding him slowly. His eyes opened and began wandering over my body. Soon his hands were playing with my nipples.

My eyes closed, as I delighted in the feeling of his hard cock gliding in and out of me, rubbing against my clit deliciously. I reached back, stroked his balls and gave him a sweet smile. This made him even harder. I know all the tricks.

I rode him even harder. Something was happening to my body. It was like my pussy and my nipples were on fire. Then an orgasm began to start at the very back of my pussy. I rode a little harder and rubbed my clit against his cock. Suddenly I began to cum like crazy, moaning and bucking atop him.

I slowed down for a few minutes, but my new guy wanted more and he flipped me over. My pussy still felt wonderful. He played with my nipples, earlobes, belly button and pussy for a few minutes, then spread my legs.

His full cock was suddenly inside me, and he was pumping, and wiggling and moaning, his head buried in a pillow. I clenched my pussy muscles, then unclenched them, toying with him. I arched my back, raised my arms above my head and whispered, "Fuck me,"...trying to drive him insane with pleasure.

It worked. His cock got even harder. He was brushing against my clit again, and I couldn't believe it when a second orgasm ripped through me. That never happens.

Something was happening to him as well. I could feel his cock head growing as it thrust into me. Then he started shaking.

I bit his ear lobe and whispered seductively, "Give me your cum."

That did it. He roared with pleasure and I felt jets of hot cum start to paint the inside of my pussy. I clenched my pussy muscles, trying to drain his cock of his cum. His arms gripped me tightly as his cock pulsed. And soon he was still.

I rolled him over, then took his cock into my mouth, sucking it softly like it was a pacifier.

The last thing he said to me, before we both fell asleep, was, "You're a goddess."

I would say I definitely found what I wanted on vacation.