 This past month has been a crazy one for me. I sold a home to a billionaire named Robert. Along the way he turned me into his cock whore. I thought I was getting over him when my boss called me into his office.

"I have some news Lana, we're getting bought out."

I wondered who would be interested in sinking a lot of money into this real estate office.

"Okay, I'll bite, who is the new owner?" I asked.

When my boss told me I nearly fainted. It was Robert, the man who I had sex with over the last couple weeks.

"What does he want with this business?" I had to ask.

My boss told me that Robert is looking to add to his real estate holdings and what better way than to buy a business that deals with upscale property. I had other thoughts on the matter. Robert had tried to get me to move in with him. I refused and now he was going to be my big boss. I knew things were not looking up for me. The sale did go through and Robert made his first trip to his new business.

When he saw me he smiled, "I hope we can get along Lana."

Robert seemed to have this power over me. It must have something to do with his big cock. I had taken his eight inch monster in my mouth and pussy. I knew Robert would want me again. Robert had meetings with the previous owners and my current boss. When the meeting broke up I was told to go in and see Robert.

"Good news Lana, you are getting a promotion."

I had no idea what Robert was talking about. He said there was a new regime change. My previous boss had been fired and I was going to replace him. I thought my head would explode. I knew Robert had something up his sleeve. I just didn't know what.

"The first order of business is dinner at my place tonight, 7pm and be prompt." he told me.

I didn't want to go. I knew what would happen but how could I refuse. I went home and got cleaned up. I put a new dress on and drove to Robert's new mansion. I rang the bell and Robert answered. He didn't have servants to look after him. He was a private person in that regard. He ushered me in and took my coat. This was the first time I saw his new house all outfitted with new furniture. It was impressive.

"Let's get down to business first and then dinner." he told me.

Robert walked over and started to undress me. I tried to beg him to stop but he wasn't listening. He undid all the buttons on my dress and then he got my bra and undies off as well. I was standing there totally naked before Robert. Robert shed his clothes. I had forgotten how big his cock was. It had to be at least eight inches in length and thick as my wrist. Robert pulled me into him and he kissed me hard on the mouth.

"I have missed this," he told me.

I had missed it as well but I couldn't bring myself to tell him that. Robert had wanted me to move in with him. I had turned him down. I had been paying for it ever since.

"I won't tell anyone you fucked your new boss," he said to me.

Robert walked me back to his bedroom. His bed looked like the size of an aircraft carrier. He pushed me onto my back and then crawled in between my legs. Robert buried his face in my crotch. I felt his warm tongue lapping up and down my already wet folds. I was melting and we had barely done anything together. As Robert licked me I felt a finger slide into my pussy. Robert worked his digit in and out of me as he tongued my clitoris. He worked me up into a hot boil and I ended up squirting all over his face. 

My juices sprayed Robert but he didn't let up. I felt drained by the time he stopped fingering me. Robert reached over and got some tissues. He cleaned his face off. I saw him grip his cock and guide it to my opening.

"I can't tell you how much I have missed this, Lana."

With those words, Robert shoved his monster prick into my body. I know I screamed as he fed me every inch of his prick. I had forgotten how huge he felt inside my pussy. Robert didn't work up to fucking me. He went fast right from the beginning. I think he was trying to punish me for turning him down. All I could do was wrap my legs around his waist and hold on for dear life. 

Robert's cock was easily the biggest I had ever experienced. Robert also knew how to use it. He would circle that fat prick around inside me. He was hitting all those nerve endings as he pushed his rod in the whole way. Robert was just in his mid-twenties and I was in my early forties. What he wanted with me I could never figure out. All I knew was that he took me like I was some teenage girl.

I think we must have fucked for well over an hour before Robert's body tensed up. He arched his body and then flooded me with his baby seed. I lost control of my body when I felt him gush deep into my belly. Robert didn't just spit once or twice. It felt like someone turned a hose on. His cum was so sticky and hot. I did what I could. I squeezed that giant prick and took his male cream into my body.

It took us some minutes to calm down and then Robert pulled out of me. I felt spent but we weren't done. Robert climbed over top of my face. There was his semi hard dick directly in front of my face. I knew exactly what he wanted me to do. I opened my mouth and Robert pushed his dick down my throat. I could taste his spunk and my juices as I tried to lick his cock clean with my tongue and lips.

I know what you are thinking. I was a total whore when I was with Robert. You are probably right. I had given in to him from the first day we had met. I just hadn't moved in with him as he wanted me to. I licked up all of our spent juices and Robert pulled his dick from my mouth.

"That was some fantastic sex Lana, don't you think?"

To be honest, I felt like someone had beaten me up. Little did I know we still had dinner waiting. I went to the restroom and cleaned up the best I could. We got dressed and then had dinner. After we ate and had wine, Robert told me what was I was in store for.

"You are going to run my real estate business during the day and then at night, you need to be available to be my sex partner."

Of course I had to ask, what if I didn't want to do those things. The answer was grim. I could find another position selling cheap row homes. That was, if I could find a job. Robert would make sure that no one would hire me. If I did as he said I was looking at a salary five times what I made as an agent. I would also end up being fucked by Robert's cock whenever he wanted me.

I know what you are thinking. What could be so bad about a six figure salary and having an eight inch cock in your pussy? I like my independence and I would be Robert's slave. For now I agreed to what was offered. I will need to come up with a scheme to free myself from Robert. For now Robert calls on me at least four times a week for sex. I don't know how he does it but when he cums it feels like he is flooding me with buckets of his seed. 

The days I don't see him my pussy feels raw from when I take a fucking from Robert. Right now I am home trying to recover from the fucking I just took. Robert likes to lift me up and hold me as he stands up and pumps his fat dick into me. I just hold my arms around his neck and try to control my orgasms. Robert knows how to push me over the edge with that rod of his. I will keep you informed if I manage to break free.