 I arrived at work Monday morning after our movie rendezvous on Saturday night. 

“Good morning, Jack!” Debbie greeted me with that lovely smile. “Did you have a nice weekend?”

“Very nice!!” I replied with a wink. “I saw a really good movie.”

We went about our routine duties as if nothing had happened until our coffee break. 

”What happened after you got home?” I asked.

“Oh, he was still asleep and I slipped out of my clothes and went to bed, still in a glow from my last climax with you. I still get wet when I think about it.” 

My mind wandered back to that wonderful night and I could feel the stirrings in my trousers. We composed ourselves and went our separate ways.

When I returned to our office, I noticed that she wasn’t at her desk. As I walked toward my desk, I noticed that the storeroom door was open. 

“Jack, can you give me a hand?” 

She was standing on a three-step ladder reaching for the top shelf. Her shapely legs and thighs were visible as she reached up. 

“Let me get that” I offered.

“No, just hold me steady. I can handle it.” 

“Man,” I thought. “Can I handle it?”

I stepped into the dimly lit storage room. I looked to see how I could hold her steady. I placed my hands on her legs just above her knees. Her soft buns were even with my face. She pushed back wiggling slightly rubbing her bottom against my face. I release one leg and pushed the door shut. 

Returning my hand to her leg, I slid both hands higher up her thighs. She moaned quietly as she parted her legs slightly. My hand reached her wetness. To my delight, she wasn’t wearing panties. Her juices were already flowing. I knew that she had been thinking about our Saturday night. My fingers found her clit. Holding one arm around her legs, I slowly massaged her prominent pleasure bud. I could hardly hold her as she writhed against my fingers.

She reached down and steadied herself on my head as she turned to face me. My face was level with her wet pussy. She raised her leg, placing it across my shoulder and pulled me into her. My tongue reached out to taste her. I began flicking her clit with my tongue. She was stifling her moans as she humped against my face. 

“Faster, Jack!!!” I am going to cum!!” she whimpered.

I had to hold her as her orgasm hit hard. Wave after wave swept over her as I licked and sucked her flowing juices. After the tremors subsided, she removed her leg from my shoulder and I helped her down the ladder. She smoothed her skirt and quietly peeked out of the door. She signaled to me that no one was looking. I picked up a box of copier paper and carried it out to hide my raging erection. I quickly moved to my desk and sat down. When I heard Debbie return from the ladies room to her desk, I dialed her extension. 

She answered the phone; “This is Debbie. Can I be of assistance? “

“You know damned well you can. You owe me one,” I said jokingly. 

“Why Jack, you know that I always pay my debts.” She replied. “I just called John and told him I was working late this afternoon. hint, hint.”

Needless to say, I had a “hard” time keeping my mind on my work that afternoon. I tried to imagine all the ways that she could pay me her debt. Finally, 5 PM rolled around. Everyone was cleaning their desks, packing their brief cases and leaving. I sat in front of my computer appearing very busy. 

“Aren’t you leaving, Jack?” Someone asked? 

“No, I need to finish this report before I can go home”, I lied.

After everyone was gone, I heard the lock click on the office door. Debbie came around the corner with that coquettish smile on her face. The bulge began to reappear in my trousers. She placed her hand over my hand on the mouse and moved the cursor to Start: Shutdown and clicked. 

“All work and no play make Jack a horny guy,” she laughed.

With that, she turned and sat in my lap with her back to me and began a slow bump and grind on my hardening cock. My hands went to her breasts. Her nipples were hard and prominent. Only when she could feel my raging hard cock under did she get up and kneel in front of me.

Unbuckling my belt and opening my trousers, she pulled them open. She grabbed the elastic of my briefs and lifted over my hard cock freeing it stand tall and proud. Circling the base with her fingers, she licked the sensitive head, causing it to jerk with anticipation. Slowly she stroked up and down my shaft while her tongue circled my cock. She licked the bottom of my hard rod from bottom to the sensitive spot where my shaft meets the head. Sucking the head into her mouth, she flicked the tip with her tongue. My hands went to her head, urging her to take more, but she continued to lick and suck while her hand moved up and down the shaft.

Her other hand was between her legs massaging her wet clit. She began to moan sending vibrations through the head and down the shaft to my swollen testicles. My hips were moving trying to get deeper into her warm wet mouth. She continued to moan louder. Suddenly she released my shaft, her hand moving to caress my balls as she took all of me into her mouth. I could feel the head of my now swollen cock against the back of her throat. I could feel my climax building. I released her head and grabbed the arms of the chair raising my hips as I groaned loudly and shot my seed deep into her throat. 

She sucked and swallowed, as my cock continued to throb, sending load after load into her waiting mouth. After my spasms subsided, she licked the cum from all sides of my cock, while looking up at me with those sexy blue eyes. She didn’t stop when I was clean. She continued to work with her mouth and skillful hands until I was hard again.

She stood up, reached around and unsnapped her bra and placed it on my desk. She lowered her round buns on to my lap again beginning that bump and grind over my hard cock. Her wet labia surrounded my cock as it glided back and forth over it. She was driving me crazy. Placing her hands on the arms of my chair, she raised herself up and spread her legs over the arms. She fell back against my chest, reaching down to align the mushroom head of my hard cock with entrance to her love tunnel. 

She easily slid down, taking me deep inside. Using her legs on the arms of the chair she began making circles with her hips. I could feel my cock touching all sides of her hot tunnel deep inside of her. My hands moved under her blouse and covered her breasts, squeezing and pinching her hard nipples. She began to slide up and down on my cock, the angle causing the head to rub hard against her g spot.

“Oh gawd, that feels good!!!! She moaned, moving faster and faster up and down my pole. I could feel her tightening on me as she screamed, “I’M CUMMING!!!!!” Her spasms ignited me and I could feel my climax building again. 

I grabbed her around the waist and leaned forward, raising up and leaning her over my desk. She grabbed the edge of my desk as I stood behind her still deep inside of her hot wet cunt. I began pumping wildly deep inside of her. I could feel the head of my cock hitting her cervix as I pounded into her. My balls were slamming into her clit as my pelvic bone slammed into her round buns.

I could feel my cock swelling again, my balls tightened as I spent the remaining cum out of my balls. My throbbing cock drove her over the edge as she came again with a loud moan. 

After we came down from our ecstasy. We put ourselves back together. We straightened our clothes and sat exhausted, catching our breath. “Are we even, now?” she smiled. 

I could only look at her with a sigh of satisfaction. She had drained me in more ways than one.

She got up, gave me a long kiss on the lips and walked out with a cheery, “See you in the morning!” 

I managed a wave good bye as she went out of the door. After I had regained my strength, I rose from my chair, packed my briefcase and headed for the door. I couldn’t help but wonder what she had in store for me tomorrow.