 The end of my senior year in high school was pretty awesome. I had totally repudiated my former life as a Christian zombie of an evangelical church; a church so great that the pastor and his wife ganged up to rape me. I had made the best friend I had ever had in Millie. I had a boyfriend with whom I had my first consensual sex. I had experienced oral, vaginal and anal sex individually and then all at once, the day after our senior prom. And, I had been accepted to USC to begin my college career. Additionally, my Dad had married his girlfriend who was my high school science teacher and had gone on a 3-week road trip/honeymoon.

I decided that I should get a job instead of just hanging around all summer. I didn't really need the money, but I did want to stave off boredom and wanted to meet some new people. I wasn't very adept at computers because I was only exposed to them in just the last year, so I wanted a job where I could develop my computer skills. There wasn't much of that sort of thing in our little town, so I needed to find something in the county seat 20 miles away, which necessitated me learning to drive and buying a car. My Dad and Julia gave me a quick course in driving, which I picked up easily enough. I, also, studied the driver's handbook thoroughly and when I decided I was ready, Millie drove me to the county seat where I aced the written exam and did very well on the practical test.

Once I had secured my license, I asked Millie's brother Jason to help me find a good used car. I needed something that would get me to work and home reliably and would get me out to LA when school started. My only requirements were that it had to have A/C, an automatic transmission and a decent radio. Jason and I spent three days looking at various used car lots until we found what we both agreed was the best car. It was a 2012 Prius with fairly low mileage. Jason and I both drove it and we both like how comfortable it was and how high the gas mileage was supposed to be. I bought the car, got my tags (I got the plate with a mountain lion on it and had the word 'CHATTE' embossed, which was pussy in French! I wanted to advertise!), arranged for insurance and was ready for my job search.

After helping me with the car shopping, I invited Jason to my house for a special thank you. He told me that I didn't have to, but when I got him in the house, I stripped off my clothes and said, "I really want to thank you for your time and help, Jason. You did such a fine job on my ass cherry, that I thought I'd try you out in my pussy for starters."

Jason looked my body over and moaned saying, "You're too much Rebecca!" and then began peeling his clothes off. I had been using my Dad's bed because it was quite a bit larger than my own, so I led Jason there and then pulled him into a hug and kiss. When I broke the kiss, I got up onto the bed, lay on my back, spread my legs wide and asked, "Will you eat my pussy Jason?" He smiled brightly, dove between my legs and began lashing my pussy mercilessly with his tongue. I knew that he and Millie had continued their incestuous relationship because she had told me that Jason was getting really good at cunnilingus...she was right.

Within minutes, Jason had me screaming as I climaxed over and over. I, finally, told him to fuck me, so he crawled up my body, worked his cock into my sopping wet vagina and began pounding into me. I was cumming again within minutes and before long, Jason exploded into me. I held him tight until his cock quit pulsing and then let him roll off me as we both gasped for air. We relaxed for a few minutes then I told him how great the sex had been and I told him I wasn't done with him yet. I turned over, got up on my knees, made my way down his body and then took his beautiful cock into my mouth. He had gone limp, so I took all of him in my mouth and sucked all of the pussy and cum residue off of him. I then began sucking on the head of his cock while I ran my tongue all around it. I felt him begin to get hard again, so I lifted off his penis, looked him in the eye and said, "I want you good and hard because I want you in my ass again. Would you like that?" Jason just smiled at me.

When Jason was good and hard again, I grabbed the tube of lube I had stashed under one of the pillows, lubed both of us up, straddled his nice, rejuvenated boner and slowly lowered my ass down on him. As usual, I loved the feeling of a cock working its way deep into my butt as I sat lower and lower. When I had all of Jason in me, I began raising and lowering myself with a nice easy tempo while enjoying every little centimeter of his cock. After a while, he began thrusting up into me as I lowered myself causing him to ram into me nice and hard. He squeezed my tits and pinched my nipples while I reached down and began playing with my clit. In short order, I had a mammoth orgasm, squirting my girl cum all over Jason's belly. 

As my climax waned, Jason rolled us over so I was on my back and he was on his knees. He pressed my legs back and out and continued plunging in and out of my asshole. He let go of my legs and resumed mauling my tits with a look of total arousal in his eyes. He then said, "YOU'RE A TOTAL FUCKING SLUT AREN'T YOU REBECCA? AN ANAL SLUT OF THE HIGHEST DEGREE! WHERE'S MY COCK, REBECCA?"

I loved dirty talk during sex, so I replied, "YES, I'M A FUCKING ANAL SLUT WITH YOUR COCK PISTONING IN OUT OF MY GAPING ASSHOLE!"

"AND WHOSE ANAL SLUT, ARE YOU?"

"I'M YOUR ANAL SLUT! MY ASS IS YOURS WHENEVER YOU WANT IT! YOU CAN HAVE MY CUNT AND MOUTH ANYTIME AS WELL! NOW QUIT TALKING AND FUCK MY ASS UNTIL I BEG FOR MERCY!"

Jason got a lascivious look on his face as he began pounding into me even harder. I had 2 more orgasms before he finally let loose with his load in my bowel. When he had finished, he collapsed on top of me gasping for air. We embraced for a long time until he said he had to get home, so I kissed him and said, "Thanks again for helping me find a car. Oh, and what I said about taking my ass anytime you want wasn't just sex talk. Come by anytime!" 

With my car now purchased, I began searching for a job in earnest. I wasn't having much luck anywhere, so during a session with the camera club, I asked the guys if they had anything or knew someone who did. Kevin, finally, said, "I don't know of any regular jobs, but if you are interested I would like to have private sessions with you posing just for me. Maybe once a week on a Tuesday or Wednesday?" He said he would pay me $1500 per session. Now Kevin was the first one to ask if I would be willing to pose more explicitly for the group, so I had a pretty good idea I would be doing some pretty hot stuff. 

As I drove to my first private session with Kevin, I was pretty anxious, wondering what I would be doing for him. When I knocked on his door, a short, chubby, blond woman answered it with a smile. "Ah, Rebecca, come on in." I walked into their living room followed by this woman. She may have been a bit overweight, but she had the most beautiful face I had ever seen, sort of angelic with just a hint of mischievousness in her eyes. "You are even more beautiful in person than you are in the pictures Kevin has shown me. My name is Evie, thanks for doing this." She stuck out her hand and I shook it.

Kevin is down in the basement in our playroom, so if you'll follow me. I followed Evie down a set of steep wooden stairs into their finished basement where we found Kevin setting up his camera equipment and lights. When he saw me, he came bounding over and gave me a hug and said, "I see you've met my wife, Evie. Actually, it was her idea to hire you for these special sessions. She really admired your look in the pictures I had shown her of you."

I turned and smiled at her as she said, "Yeah, I loved Kevin's pictures of you so much that I was wondering if I could pose with you? I have a series of fantasies I have always wanted to play out with another woman and you seem to be open enough to maybe do that with me. What do you think?"

I smiled and said, "I think that can be arranged. What kind of fantasies are we talking about?"

"Well," Evie said, "Most of them are rather innocuous; stuff like lesbian sex in various dress up themes like the thirties and the fifties, some just total nude posing together. I would, also, like to do some more intense stuff like bondage and sado/masochism. I guess I should have asked if you have an aversion to sex with women?"

"No, I like sex with women though I've only been with one other woman so far. But, I'm very open to expanding my horizons. I've never done the BDSM thing either, though, again, I'm eager to learn."

Evie beamed at me and said, "That's wonderful. So, why don't we get naked and get into some woman on woman today. Sound good?"

I had learned to wear clothes without elastic bands during posing days so I wouldn't have marks on my skin. I had, pretty much quit wearing bras and panties since graduation because I liked feeling unfettered. Today I wore a loose-fitting shirt and a loose-fitting pair of khaki shorts. As I was unbuttoning my shirt, I looked over to Evie who had Kevin help her with her zipper on her dress. When he had her unzipped, she let the dress drop to the floor exposing her nakedness. Despite being a bit heavy, she was a vision of loveliness with pure white, unblemished skin, very large breasts that hung down with her very large nipples pointing at the floor. Her areolae were very large, about four inches in diameter and a beautiful pink color. Evie's ass was large and round with two white globes that just begged to be kissed and bitten. Her pussy was clean shaven and moist from her excitement. I was really looking forward to exploring Evie during the shoot, but wasn't too sure how this would work, since I had always posed solo in the past.

When we were both naked, Evie walked up to me while her eyes scanned my body. "I've never seen a more beautiful woman than you are, Rebecca. I'm going to enjoy our time together. Just so you know, in addition to Kevin taking pictures, we have several video cameras that will be filming us as well. I promise you that the videos will never be viewed by anyone other than the two of us and maybe some friends that visit. Are you alright with that?" 

"That's fine. I don't want them available on the internet, but, if you want to share them privately with friends, I have no problem with that at all. As a matter of fact, I would like to have copies for myself if you don't mind. I make the same promise to you."

Evie grinned and said, "Great! So, I think the best way to proceed is to just do whatever comes naturally to us. Kevin can roam around and take his pictures while we just enjoy ourselves, okay?"

Evie led me to the bed that was in the middle of the room while Kevin began turning on the various video recorders. She pulled me into a hug and then I bent down to kiss her. She smelled very nice and her skin felt so soft in my hands. We stood in an embrace for quite a while as our tongues dueled in our mouths. I was liking everything about Evie from her touch, her kissing, her softness and her aroma. After a while we fell onto the bed continuing our kiss but wrapping our arms and legs around each other. I made a grab for one of Evie's breasts and squeezed it hard causing her to moan loudly. "Do you like that Evie?" I whispered. "Do you like have your tit squeezed? How about those fabulous nipples, do you like those pinched hard and pulled?" I took ahold of her nipple and pinched it hard, earning another loud moan.

"Oh fuck, Rebecca! Pinch my nipple harder!' she wheezed. I pinched and pulled on her nipple while I lowered my head to take her other nipple into my mouth. I sucked her whole areola into my mouth running my tongue all around it and her nipple. I let her slip from my mouth slowly until I got to her nipple when I bit down suddenly. "OH MY GOD!" Evie screamed as I began chewing on her nipple. After a few minutes, I switched to her other tit and did the same thing. I could hear Kevin moving around while he snapped his pictures, but I was pretty focused on Evie.

After several minutes of breast work, I began sliding down Evie's body. I spent a few minutes licking and probing her belly button with my tongue before I made my way to her pussy. When I had arrived at my final destination I took in a deep breath of Evie's heady aroma before diving down and licking her labia. As with everything else about this woman, her taste was sublime. I began licking up and down her slit and probing deep into her vagina with my tongue. Evie was moaning and groaning constantly as I lapped up her dew. When I moved up to her clit, I sank a couple of fingers into her honeypot and began massaging her g-spot in an effort to bring her to her first orgasm of the afternoon.

"GIVE ME ANOTHER FINGER!" Evie cried out as I sucked her on her clit. I gave her the extra finger she asked for and then gave her another. She had a strong grip on my hair pulling me hard to her clit. I couldn't believe how wet she got as my fingers were making a squelching noise as I worked them in and out. At that moment, I decided to give her my entire fist, so I pulled my thumb in and pressed my entire hand into Evie's vagina. "OH MY FUCKING GOD! WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME! FUCK ME HARDER AND DEEPER! OH, FUCK, I'M CUMMMINNNGGGGG!"

Evie began squirting all over my arm as she climaxed hard. I was pumping my fist in and out of Evie as I continued to suck on her clit. She had orgasms rolling one into another. At one point, she reached down, grabbed my arm and began pulling it deeper and deeper into her. I felt, what I suspected was her cervix as she pulled me in. Finally, I think Evie passed out from pure pleasure. I pulled my hand from her and crawled up her body and gently stroked her cheeks as I whispered her name. After a few moments, she opened her eyes and looked at me as if she was confused and then pulled me down and kissed me passionately. 

When we broke the kiss, Evie cried out, "Hey Kevin? Could you give us a little time alone and turn off the videos please?" When Kevin had things turned off and had left the room, Evie pulled me to her as we lay on the bed and said, "Rebecca, that was the most incredible sexual experience I have ever had. Would you consider having an affair with me in addition to posing for us? I truly love Kevin, but he doesn't really satisfy me most of the time. But you...this is going to sound really weird since we just met, but I feel a real connection with you. I think I can seriously say that I love you."

I smiled and said, "I feel that connection with you too. I have to warn you that I'll be going off to California at the end of summer to college. But we will have the whole summer to do things together."

Evie and I would get together a couple of times a week in addition to our day of posing for pictures. We developed a very strong bond beyond just sex. We would go shopping and would have lunch before we would go to my place or hers and make love. Sex with Evie was more sensual than it was with the men I had sex with. It was very satisfying, but I still liked the feel of a hard cock drilling my pussy or ass.

Our posing was fun as Evie played out fantasies that she had had for years. We had the BDSM day just before I left for school. Evie told me that she originally wanted to be the one spanking and whipping me, but as our relationship grew she decided she wanted to be submissive to me. Kevin had built a rack out of pipes that we could attach Evie to. She looked beautiful bent over with her arms strapped down out wide and her legs spread wide while she stood. She really liked the pain as I flogged and whipped her. Her back, legs, breasts, ass and pussy all glowed pink from the treatment I gave her. She had bought a strap-on cock with a very large penis that I used to, not only fuck her pussy, but to fuck her virgin ass as well. She took everything I gave her with a smile and when we had finished we held each other in the bed and had a tearful goodbye.

"Rebecca, I'm going to miss you so much. You're the best friend I have ever had and I love you more than I can express. Thank you for all of the love you have shown me this summer."

I sniffled and said, "I love you too Evie and will miss you terribly. I'll see you when I come home for Christmas, I promise. Maybe you can come visit me in LA sometime."

The next week was spent packing and preparing for my drive to LA. I was excited, scared and sad all at the same time as the day to leave got closer and closer. I spent a night with Millie and Jason having sex and lamenting my decision to leave. I spent a lot of time with my Dad and Julia, trying to absorb everything I could from them to last me until I next saw them. But, the day I planned to leave, finally, arrived and with a tearful send-off I started my drive west to Los Angeles.

I decided to take the most direct possible way via Interstate highways. I drove south to Interstate 80 and then drove west to Interstate 70 through Denver and spent the night in Grand Junction. I got a room in a nice hotel and hauled my travel bag up to my room. It was a nice room with a view of a golf course. I was feeling a little cramped from all of the driving, so I threw on my least provocative bikini and went down to the pool to swim and stretch out a bit. When I finished my swim, I lay back on a chaise lounge and enjoyed the sun on my body. There were a couple of families at the pool, so I was glad I wasn't showing off too much skin. After I returned to my room I took a shower, went down to the small restaurant in the hotel and had a salad while I read my book.

When I was getting ready to return to my room, an older gentleman sat across from me at my table and asked me if I'd like to join him in the bar for a drink.

I chuckled a bit and then said, "I'm afraid I'm not old enough to drink, sir. But, thank you for the offer." He wasn't going to be put off that easily and told me I could join him in his room for a drink. He was staring at my unharnessed tits for the most part with an occasional foray at my eyes. I decided to tease him a bit by pushing my tits forward making my nipples press hard into my t-shirt and asked, "Well, sir, as appealing as that offer sounds, I don't think you have my best interests at heart. You seemed to be focused on my breasts which leads me to think that you have something naughty in mind. Now, don't get me wrong because I love sex as much as the next person, but tonight isn't your lucky night. Good luck to you, though."

I paid my bill and sashayed my way out of the restaurant as I felt the man's eyes burning into my ass. I stripped off my clothes, brushed my teeth and then lay in bed watching TV. I woke up sometime during the night with the TV still on, so I hit the remote and fell back asleep. 

I awoke at about 6:30 in the morning, so I quickly dressed and headed downstairs for my complimentary breakfast. I had some coffee and toast and read the paper on my laptop. As I checked out, my gentleman friend smiled and said good morning as I headed to my car. I got back onto I-70 and continued west into Utah where I took I-15 south. My goal on this day was to make it Las Vegas and spend a couple of nights there. I arrived a little earlier than I had expected, so I drove up and down 'the Strip' and then chose a hotel. I walked up to the front desk and asked for a room. The place was abuzz with all of the sound from the casino. I was given a room up on the 18 floor with a view of the swimming pool. I was admiring the skimpy suits the women were wearing, so I decided to join the party. 

I threw on my skimpiest bikini and a short silky kimono and made my way down to the pool. I stripped off my kimono as I found a chaise to lay on. I oiled myself up and then lay back on my chaise. The hot Vegas sun felt nice after so much driving. I had managed a good deal of tan time at Millie's pool over the summer so I was looking good. She and I would usually lay out naked, so I was sporting a nice all over tan. I was wondering why there were so many tall bosomy women at the pool and then I decided they must be show girls.
