 If the first few weeks had been heaven, the ones that followed were limbo. The relationship between Rebecca and I had started off so passionate that I could hardly believe how fast it stagnated. I guess what they say about the brightest candle burning the quickest is true. Our romance had taken a shift off the path of fun. Our sex wasn't exciting anymore. Sure, we could both orgasm, but the same feelings that marked the beginning of our relationship were no longer there. Sex became less of a beautiful and passionate whirlwind and more like a lazy rain shower. You could always count on it to get things wet, but they excitement and thrill was severely lacking. Eventually, I stopped seeing Rebecca as often as I had in January. 

As the days chugged forward, I became more and more engrossed in my studies. She was cast aside as school consumed my life. That was fine for me since I was paying to get an education and I wanted to get my full moneys worth. No point in paying for something I wouldn't use.

We saw less and less of each other, and stopped hanging out all together. We were still friends, but we had entered a point where it would be better to separate our private lives from one another. Eventually, it got to the point of us only seeing each other on the way to class. The thing is, I even stopped hanging out with a lot of my friends. I was at a weird stage in my life. I was generally unhappy and tried to take my mind of things with class work.

After a while I even lost passion to do that. The architecture program was less of what I had hoped to be doing, and more of what I had always hated. Tedious and mind-numbing work occupied the majority of my time before finally I couldn't take anymore.  

I withdrew from the program, and started searching for other schools where I could study to get a career in a field that I could actually enjoy. Problem was, I didn't know what that was either. Eventually, I found a school that had a array of majors available that seemed to appeal to my interests. I applied and was accepted, assuming I finished my final year at the tech school with decent grades.

With a reason to reapply myself again, I hit the books with renewed vigor. I did well in all my classes and had a good rapport with almost all of my professors. Things were looking up as finals week approached. I soon would be on my way to a brand new start, and I could hardly wait.

It was the Friday before finals week in May. I had spent all day in the library and had finally returned to my room. I was pleasantly surprised to find it empty, and I discovered Donald had taken off for the weekend to study at home. I had the room all to myself, which had a wonderful ring to it.

I tossed my book bag onto the floor and plopped down into my computer chair. I had a stressful day and now I wanted to relax. The number one priority on my agenda was masturbation, seeing as how I had neglected to do it in the very hectic and sleepless week I had just had. I brought up my browser and opened a few new tabs to my favorite sites, but I also brought up a couple of non-porn sites as well.

One of these was Facebook, which I always logged into as soon as I went online. I didn't have much contact with my friends in the recent weeks, so this was really my window to the outside world. I did all of the usual stuff, from checking my message box, to see who was online. As usual, the friend list was full of people I hardly talked to, and therefore useless to me.

I switch to one of the porn sites I had up, and checked out the highest rated videos for the day. Despite my horniness, I didn't see any movies that were particularly special to me. I lazily clicked through them, not even managing to get an erection at a single one.

Suddenly, I heard the facebook chat sound go off. I had just received a message from someone. I quickly switched tabs to see who it was.

A chat box for Rebecca had popped up on the Facebook site. I can honestly say that I as more that surprised to see her talking to me. 

Rebecca: Hey!

Ben: Howdy, how's it going?

Rebecca: Good, just thought I would say hi, and I wish you luck on your finals.

Ben: Thanks, you too!

I left the page to go back to my porn viewing, but it was even more disinteresting than before. Grumbling, I closed all of the tabs that were open except one. Bringing Facebook back up, I deciding to continue the conversation with Rebecca.

Ben: So how have your classes been?

Rebecca: Really tough, I'm wishing I had dropped a couple now

Ben: Oh yeah? I dropped out of architecture. Couldn't cut it

Rebecca: Oh I didn't know that, but it would explain why I haven't seen you on the way to class ina couple months

Ben: Yeah, in fact I'm transferring to a school a few miles up north. They seem to have degree programs that I find more appealing

Rebecca: Aww, so I won't see you again?

I found this funny considering we hardly saw each other now. If I hadn't told her that I was transferring it might have been months before she found out I was gone.

Ben: Probably not, but it's not that far away

Rebecca: True, you can always come and visit the people you left behind

Ben: Ha, I'm not leaving people behind, I just putting a little distance between me and them

Rebecca: Well I will definitely miss you 

I was honestly enjoying chatting with her. I waited anxiously for each reply, but I couldn't tell exactly why. Perhaps I was having fun in renewing a stale friendship, or maybe I truly did miss her. Whatever the case may have been, I ended up talking to Rebecca nonstop for over two hours. Mostly we talked about classes and finals and projects, but at the end of hour two, the conversation started to get a little more interesting.

Rebecca: So, how's sex life?

Ben: Nonexistent at the moment. In fact I was just about to make sweet sweet love to my hand when you decided to talk to me

Rebecca: Oh my, sounds like a hot date. Hope I'm not interrupting

Ben: Not at all, I was having trouble getting in the mood from any of the porn I was watching

Rebecca: It's funny, I was looking at porn tonight too, and I couldn't help but think back to the times we spent judging them

Ben: Yeah that was a very enjoyable time, I miss those days

Rebecca: Me too

I was truly beginning to miss the old times. The old relationship had been short but sweet, and I looked back on it fondly. I could almost remember every detail about that first night we spent together in the same room I was now sitting in. I was brought back to reality when the chat notification sound went off.

Rebecca: I've been pretty lonely lately

Ben: Aww, why so?

Rebecca: Well I didn't really have anything good after you. Several one nighters but it wasn't the same

I really liked where this conversation was going. In my horny state I was in attack mode, and ready to make the best of this situation.

Ben: That's better than me. I haven't had anybody since you

Rebecca: No one could compare ;)

Ben: Haha, yeah that's right. Honestly though, I couldn't find anyone to fuck

Rebecca: Well hey silly, I was here the whole time!

Ben: You're joking right? We kinda split up a few months ago, and I didn't want to go back desperate

Rebecca: Well I understand

The chat was silent for a moment. It was like we were simultaneously thinking about our relationship. It had been built entirely on sex, but still it had been fun even when sex wasn't taking place. There's something to be said about just having someone close to you. The chat window lit up as Rebecca continued our conversation.

Rebecca: I have a question

Ben: Ok, ask

Rebecca: If you had the chance to, would you fuck me right now

Ben: Like I told you, I was about to masturbate, so yes, your option is much better

Rebecca: But I mean seriously, would you come downstairs and fuck my brains out like you used to?

Rebecca: Would you?

Rebecca: Ben?

Rebecca: Hello?

I was running downstairs at a good speed, jumping the steps two at a time. When I reached the first floor, it didn't take long for someone to pass through the locked door, allowing me access to the female dorm hallways. I picked up my quick jog again, brushing past girls moving about the hallway. It seemed like everyone was having a study party of some sort, and they were all spilling out into the hallway.

I saw several girls I knew as I made my way through the clogged halls, and I waved and said a curt 'hello' to each of them. When I finally reached my destination at Rebecca door, I was slightly out of breath. Without waiting to catch it, I bang hard against the door with my palm three times.

Rebecca opened the door and began with a surprised, "Ben! What are you doing h..." but I cut her off as I lunged through the doorway, wrapped my arms around her, and gave her a deep kiss. She resisted for a moment, mainly from the suddenness of the situation, but soon she melted into my arms. She accepted my kiss and I was greeted by the familiar tongue stud slipping around my mouth. When we broke away, I spoke first.

"So does this answer your question?"

"Answer what question?" she asked, and then remembering the question involving me coming to fuck her, recognition spread across her face.

"Oh yes! I think this does," she said reached down to my crotch to feel my already stiff member, "answers it nicely."

We moved inside, closing the door behind us. I remembered the room well, even though it was in various stages of disarray with papers and books spread out everywhere. Marie was an architecture student, and this definitely appeared to be the way an architecture student had to live at the end of the semester. 

"Where's Marie?" I asked while trying to avoid stepping on any papers.

"She's out for just a little bit, but will be back soon," she said disappointed, "she has to work her ass off right now so she can't afford to be gone for too long."

"Well, Donnie is gone for the weekend," I said as I got up closer to her, "we can always go to my room."

"That would be great, except I have to wait just a little longer until Marie gets back. She took my room key with her when she left since she lost hers last week. I'll go with you as soon as I know I can get back."

I told her that sounded fair enough as I took a seat on her bed. She sat down in the computer chair and I had a feeling of deja vu from the way we were seated. Although she was now sitting where I usually sat.

We got conversation going again, but it wasn't too long before Marie suddenly burst into the room, carrying books, papers, and the obligatory energy drink. I had often thought that Redbull should sponsor architecture programs, since everyone in the field appeared to survive by subsisting solely on the potent beverage. 

Marie quickly made her way to her desk, dodging the papers strewn haphazardly across the floor with surprising accuracy. 

"Hey Ben," she called out without ever looking up.

"Hi Marie," I replied. 

I didn't feel that any other words were necessary since she was probably too preoccupied to want to chat. When Marie reached her desk, she quickly shoved a hand into her pocket and pulled out Rebecca's keycard.

"Catch!" she said as she flipped the card in our direction.

I snagged it out of the air, and handed it Rebecca.

"I think this is yours," I told her.

"Thank you," she responded, taking the card from my hand.

We got to the door and Rebecca told Marie that she would be back later. Marie responded with a grunt-like vocalization of acknowledgment, and we left for my place.

"Wait!" Rebecca suddenly said, and she quickly ran back into her room.

She came back out holding a nondescript black duffel bag and a big smile on her face.

"We can't forget my goodie bag"

"Goodie bag?" I asked.

"You'll see," she replied.

I didn't question further as we made our way back through the jam-packed hall.

When we arrived at my place, I opened the door and did a cautionary peek inside, just in case Donald had returned for some reason. My room was dark and devoid of life, just as I as hoped it would be. After flicking on the lights and walking into the room, I closed the door behind us. My computer was still running, but we weren't going to be using it. I turned on the television for background noise, and sat next to Rebecca on the bed. 

I took her in for a moment, regarding her all over. She wasn't dressed too provocatively, seeing how she didn't have time to prepare for me, but she looked sexy none the less. Grey sweat pants and a simple white tank top under her grey jacket didn't really show off her slender figure, but the sheer tank top was the highlight of the ensemble. She wasn't wearing a bra so her hard nipples forced against the thin shirt material. The barbells of her nipple piercings could be seen clearly, as well. 

It had been a long time since I had talked with her face to face, but she wasted no time in taking our conversation to a sexual nature. She was as horny as I was, although she chose to prolong the physical interaction with some discussion.

"So I have a question for you," she said.

"Ok?"

"Did you ever think about me while we were apart?"

"Of course! How could I not think about all the times and ways that we fucked?," I wanted to yell. I had spent so many nights revisiting our hot and passionate first weeks together that I hardly needed porn for a couple months, but for the sake of the conversation, I kept my answer simple.

"Oh yeah, lots of times," I replied with a smirk.

"What did you think about when I was on your mind?"

"Oh you know," I started, " I thought about your soft skin, and your tender lips."

I gave her a kiss and placed my hand lightly on the side of her neck. 

"Mmmm," she moaned, "what else?"

"Well then I would think about your luscious body," I continued, "these magnificent breasts, your sexy tummy," another kiss, " and the greatest ass I've ever laid eyes on."

My hands traveled down her body as I said this, taking time to cup her breasts from the front and squeeze her ass from behind. She practically purred as I caressed her lovingly. I slid my eager hands across her curves as I kissed her neck sweetly. She took a moment between her contented sighs to continue the conversation.

"While thinking about me, what would you do?"

I laughed playfully and kept my mouth close to her neck when I responded.

"Well, while all of these images when going through my mind, I would get terribly horny, and there's only one thing I can do when that happens."

She giggled and whispered in my ear, "go on."

"I would take my hard cock, and hold it tight..."

"Yeah?" she said breathlessly, as I slid my hand down the front of her pants. The soft elastic of the waistline gave me easy access to her soaking wet pussy. I ran my fingers across her slippery skin, getting ever closer to her little button.

"Yeah," I responded, " and when I did that, I would have no choice but to stroke it. Up and down, faster and faster."

She was gently pushing her hips up, ready for me to put my hands to work on her hungry hole, but it wasn't time just yet. I put my mouth up to her ear, and in a harsh whisper, continued my story.

"While I was pumping my cock, I would think even dirtier thoughts. I would imagine your hot, wet pussy and what it was like to put my mouth to it. I would imagine your moans and screams as I made you cum again and again."

My index finger made first contact, traveling up her overflowing lips and running quickly across her swollen clit. It was like she had an electric shock flow through her. Her back arched suddenly and her breath drew in fast and sharp. I was still teasing her though, not ready to push her over the edge just yet.

"When I was done thinking about that, I would picture your hot mouth around my cock, your tongue dancing across my skin, followed by your piercing. I imagined you taking me deep, using your tongue to further my pleasure. And then, when I could barely take anymore, you would stop."

I removed my hand from her sweat pants, and she immediately turned and looked at me. Her face was a picture or frustration and disappointment, and her eyes practically begged for me to put my hand back. Instead I put my hand up to her chin, and she put the wet fingers that had only moments before been playing with her drenched pussy into her mouth. As her tongue ran across my index and middle fingers, I resumed my tale.

"After an incredible blowjob, there was only one thought that could top that. I would stroke as fast as I could as I imagined my throbbing cock thrusting deep into your sopping wet pussy."

I took the fingers from her mouth and shoved them back down her pants. Finding the top of her slit, I deftly fingering her engorged little clitoris with frenzied resolve. Rebecca threw head back as my fingers made quick work of her. Her orgasm was strong, as her hand flew up to my shoulder and gripped into it hard. Her legs clenched around my hand, severely restricting movement, yet still my fingers sought out her tender little bean. Her body started shaking less and less until finally her orgasm seemed to die down just a little. Her grip on my shoulder loosened and her other arm buckled as she fell heavily backwards into my bed. 

Her chest rose and fell dramatically with each breath until she had finally calmed down enough. When her eyes opened, they were out of focus for a moment until she got her mind back, and then she turned to me.

"That's what I've been needing for a while now," she said happily.

"Well the night is still young, so expect a lot more of those," I replied.

"Any more of those and I'll be in outer space!"

"Too bad," I said, "they're all I got."

We both laughed and she finally sat back up. She shook her head as if she was trying to clear something from it.

"Damn!" she said, running her fingers through her sleek brown hair, "why did we ever stop seeing each other?"

"I guess we lost the spark after a few weeks," I said matter-of-factly, "I'm just glad it ended without any tears or fighting."

"True, but still it seemed very random for us to just suddenly split."

We sat in silence not looking at one another. After a moment of this, I revived the talk. I was still quite horny, especially after what had just occured.

"So I answered your questions, time for some of my own."

She grinned and awaited them eagerly, hands folded on her lap.

"I'll start with the same question you did. Did you ever think about me on those cold and lonely nights?"

"Oh yes, you were never far from my mind."

"So then please, tell me about those."

"Alright," she started, first taking the time to lay down on her side, head propped up on her arm. Looking directly at me, she began.

"It would usually be after a particularly frustrating day, and I would go take a nice hot shower."

Her free hand, which had been resting on top of her side, was now moving down her abdomen. Her fingers gripped the edge of her tank top and pulled it up slightly, exposing her flat stomach and pierced navel. While she spoke her fingertips grazed along the exposed skin, yet she never took her exquisite green eyes off of me.

"While the hot water ran down my body, and I rubbed soap all over, I would start to feel those familiar tingles down there. I couldn't help it if I brushed up against myself in the course of my washing...over...and over...and over."

She trailed off as her hand went up further on her torso, bringing the tank top to the bottom of her pert breasts. The air in the room wasn't too cold, yet her nipples still stood out rock solid against her thin top.

"I wouldn't get too carried away in the shower, though. I waited until I was back in my room. I would get nice and cozy on my bed, and that's where you would come into play."

