 Beth spent the week reflecting on her interactions with Javier and the complete disappearance of Miguel. She had a lot of fun partying at his house and hanging out with Maria, but her thoughts always turned to sex. Javier was quite aggressive with her and she needed to tone him down so she could enjoy it more. That was it, she knew she was going back to see him and give herself to him; she would see him on Friday night.

"Mami!" Javier gave her a toothy smile from across the smoke filled room. Even through the darkness she could see his dreamy blue eyes fixated on her. She knew what he wanted and she was going to give it to him.

Beth gave him a devilish smile and an almost unseen chest level wave as she headed for the kitchen to grab a cooler and say hello to Maria. 

"Move that ass girl!" Beth gave Maria a playful slap on the rear as she pushed passed her to enter the kitchen, "Are you the new door?" Beth laughed and gave Maria a big hug before grabbing her cooler from the fridge.

"Someone hasn't taken his eyes off you girl." Maria gestured with her expressive eyes towards Javier.

Beth stared over Maria's shoulder and smiled again, "He knows what he likes." 

"Just be careful okay?" Maria's face turned to concern, "he's dangerous."

Beth laughed; Maria did not.

Maria held her wrists and looked sternly at her, "Seriously! Be careful okay?"

"Okay!" Beth hugged her, "We're just having some fun; it's nothing serious."

Beth couldn't understand why Maria would hang out at such a dangerous guy's house, but she had known him much longer; Beth told herself she would remain vigilant. The two girls made their way to the living room and carved themselves a dance floor. Beth danced sensually as she tried to mimic the movements of Maria; her hips swayed gently and she did her best to get her Latina dance on. As she danced, she made a point of flipping her head to one side causing her hair to cascade over one shoulder and giving her a clear view of Javier in the doorway; knowing that Javier was still excitedly watching her.

When Maria took a break, Beth made her way to Javier, "See anything you liked?"

Javier's accented voice whispered in her ear, "Lookin real good Mami; real good!"

"Come dance with me!" Beth grabbed his hand hoping to drag him out of the doorway but he stood firm.

"I don't leave here Mami, things need protection." Javier tilted his head back inside the room, "Got to keep an eye on the product you know?"

It all made sense to Beth now; the only time she ever saw him leave was when his friend relieved him and that was only to go to the bathroom, "If I come in, will you dance with me?"

Javier smiled and pulled her through the door, "Get in here."

Javier pulled her close to him and wasted no time grinding his manhood against her hip. Beth's legs were forced apart and his thigh pressed tightly against her pussy; each movement forced her to grind him and she was quite aware of the intentional nature of it.

With his lips close to hers Javier spoke, "You look real good Mami!" his hands grabbed and squeezed her ass cheeks roughly through the thin fabric of her dress, "DAMN!"

His grip on her ass was so hard it brought tears to her eyes, "Don't be so rough with me okay? I don't like it rough." Beth gave him a pleading look before wiping her watery eyes again.

"I'm sorry Mami." His grip released her ass and he gently caressed it apologetically before kissing her.

No longer dancing, they stood locked in a kiss with his hands never leaving her ass. His tongue probed the deepest regions of her mouth and she sucked at it eagerly. When he finally broke their kiss, he took her hand and guided her to a seat on the couch.

"I have something to make you feel better," Javier turned and pulled a small box from beside the couch. Leaning forward he began working busily; a moment later, he exposed a small glass pipe and lit it with a torch lighter that hissed to life, "You will love this Mami."

Beth's heart raced as he placed the pipe at her lips. Before she could change her mind, she pressed her lips against it and inhaled quickly. She tried to hold it in, but she broke into a coughing fit expelling all the potent smoke from her lungs. Javier quickly put it back to her lips and she took another hit, holding it a little longer this time before coughing.

The effects of the pipe were instantaneous; Beth sunk back on the couch feeling a weightlessness overtake her body. Beth had never felt as relaxed enjoying the feeling of the drug racing through her body, "You were right!"

"About what?" Javier took a big hit from the pipe before settling in beside her.

"My ass! I can't feel it." Beth busted into hysterical laughter gently slapping Javier's thigh.

Javier drew in another big lung full and held it as he sat back. His big hand pulled Beth's thigh over his and before she knew it she was straddling him causing the hem of her dress to ride up to her waist. With a hand gently caressing the back of her neck, he pulled her lips to his. His tongue probed her mouth and she opened it willingly, once again giving herself to him with abandon. When he exhaled, the smoke from his lungs made its way deep inside hers, instantly heightening her senses. His mouth felt amazing and her body tingled with pleasure as he slowly fucked her mouth with his tongue. Javier was tender and gentle as he caressed her body.

"Let's take that dress off Mami." Javier panted in her mouth.

Beth stood and unzipped her dress letting it fall to the floor at her feet. She stood for a moment gently rocking back and forth wearing only her lacy black cheeky panties, she watched as Javier devoured her with his eyes. "Better?"

"Come here!" Grabbing her hips he pulled her panties to down her legs quickly before pulling Beth back down to straddle him again. The couple resumed kissing. Javier massaged her breast with one hand and her ass with his other. They became consumed with one another and oblivious to their surroundings.

"Javier!" The voice came from the door.

Quickly turning her head, Beth pressed her nakedness against Javier in an effort to cover herself. Two guys and Maria stood at the door seemingly oblivious to the situation in front of them.

"We need more weed Hombre." The talker stepped into the room.

Javier just pointed to a small jar on the desk and waved the others away. The talker quickly opened the jar and removed a small bud. Beth watched as he sat on the floor using the table to roll a couple joints in the reflection of a picture frame behind the couch.

Javier was all business and turned her face back to him. His lips returned to hers and his hands continued the exploration of Beth's body as if they had never been interrupted. It only took a few moments before Beth was sharing in Javier's lust again. As she sucked at his tongue, she began grinding her hips against his crotch hoping he would be ready to take her again soon. 

"Fuck!" Javier lifted Beth quickly and placed her on the couch beside him.

Stunned for a moment, she watched the guy on the floor scurry out the door like a cockroach when the lights come on. A tall black man filled the doorway.

"You know I don't like to do house calls Javier!" The black man's voice boomed over the music.

Beth watched as Javier turned meek, "I was paying you later this week, didn't you get my message Badger?"

The black man shook his head and was clearly not impressed, "What day is this?"

Javier sputtered clearly lost for the time or date.

"It's Friday! On Friday, you pay me." Badger glared through Javier. "Well?"

"I'll have it for you tomorrow Badger! You know I'm good for it right?" Javier's voice cracked.

Badger turned his eyes to Beth for the first time making her feel even more exposed, "Who's this?"

Javier shrugged, "Nobody, she's nobody Badger."

Stepping into the room the monstrous black man inspected her from his towering height, "Get dressed."

Beth wanted nothing more and slid her dress back on in record time and headed for the door. A big hand grabbed her bicep gently holding her in place. "You have until 7pm tomorrow to get my money Javier."

Javier nodded

"I'll be taking nobody here with me to pay me some interest." Badger lifted the tiny redhead to make it clear who he was taking.

Beth's mind raced and paranoia took hold of her, "Please! No! He'll pay you!"

"It's okay Snowflake, I ain't gonna hurt you." He smiled broadly as he turned to leave, taking Beth with him. 

Beth was shocked to see that nobody spoke and they all just made room for this man to take her with him. Nobody protested on her behalf or threatened to call the police; they just stood by and looked at their feet.

On the street, an Escalade sat idling. A man opened the door and Badger guided Beth inside before squeezing in beside her. A second later, the SUV was moving and Beth began to freak out. Badger's strong forearm pressed her back into the seat, "Here is how this works Snowflake; you agree to have some fun with me until Javier comes by tomorrow or I take it! What's it gonna be?"

Beth snarled, "It doesn't sound like much of a choice!"

"Let me clarify then; one is gentle and your my guest, the other option is gonna hurt. Entirely up to you Snowflake."

Staring at her lap she replied, "I don't want to get hurt."

"Good girl." Badger put his arm around her and pulled her to him holding her head against his chest.

Her head lifted and lowered gently as his chest heaved with each breath. Beth glanced up to see bright white eyes staring at her in the rear view mirror, watching her intently. The driver was the darkest black man she had ever seen; he was almost featureless unless his teeth were showing in the dark vehicle. 

Finally, they stopped at the front door of an apartment building, "Where are we?" Beth's voice was timid.

"My pad snowflake." Badger grinned and her door opened on cue. The driver stood holding her door open like a chauffeur; as Beth stood she made eye contact quickly before starring back at the ground. The driver had a wild and dangerous appearance that made her very nervous.

Badger noted the exchange between his driver and the young girl, "Don't worry about Coal, he don't bite." 

The elevator ride was slow and silent; Beth's heart pounded against her chest as she stood at the door not knowing what might happen while the three large men stood behind her. Cool air embraced her as the doors opened providing a much needed distraction and change of scenery. Stepping into the hall she was surprised to see only a single set of double doors on the floor.

As the third man opened one of the tall double doors, Beth noted that he was just a big fat black man and definitely the odd man in the group. He was younger, but quite heavy set and tall. His face was pleasant and she couldn't help thinking he was the baby faced black Michelin man as she stepped inside the apartment.

When the heavy door clicked closed behind her, all her nerves and fear returned. With a slow turn she saw Badger standing alone with a gentle smile on his face, "Welcome to my home. Coal and J will make sure we aren't interrupted."

"How long do I have to stay here?" Beth's voice cracked nervously.

Badger smiled at her, "You're my guest snowflake; you stay until Javier gives me what's mine. Understand?"

A moment of bravery raced through Beth, "And if he doesn't show up?"

"Guess you are my new snowflake!" Throwing his head back, Badger gave a deep laugh. "Don't worry little snowflake, Javier always pays." His big hand motioned to the couch, "Sit down and I will grab us some drinks." 

A moment later Beth found herself sitting on the cream colored love sofa alone. One entire wall of the apartment was a window that she found herself staring out in an effort to find the familiar. Her eyes scanned the tall buildings and noted the GM Tower and the Ambassador Bridge; the landmarks eased some anxiety,letting her know the general area she was in as more familiar landmarks were identified.

"Great view isn't it?" Badger's voice startled her; he stood inches away holding a tumbler.

Beth smiled politely, "It's great." She reached up taking the small glass half filled with deep amber, "what are we drinking?"

Badger smiled, "Scotch. Really good scotch snowflake. It will help you relax."

Raising the glass to her nose she sniffed it; the strong alcohol burned at her nostrils forcing her head back quickly. This was not something she drank. "Do you have any coolers or beer?"

"Drink your scotch snowflake." His voice was stern but his lips turned upwards in a gentle smile, "It will help you relax."

Although not the most street smart, she did have some common sense and all her senses told her he was going to drug her. Her mind raced for a solution as she watched Badger sipping his and never taking his eyes off her.

"Give that to me!" Badger held his hand out for the tumbler, "I'm not going to let you waste 50 year old Dalmore!" His face turned insulted as he snatched the glass from hand, "Men would kill for this shit snowflake." Badger poured her glass into his.

Beth's fear of being drugged dissipated instantly, "I'm sorry. I've never drank straight liquor like that."

"Sit." Badger patted his lap, "Let me show you how to enjoy it."

Reluctantly Beth sits and Badger wastes no time placing his hand around her waist as he lifts the tumbler to her lips with his free hand, "Take a sip."

Gasping at the burning sensation Beth swallows the fiery drink feeling it burn its way slowly to her stomach, "It burns!"

"It's smooth snowflake." Badger smiled and took a swallow seemingly unaffected. "Try some more, but hold it in your mouth and taste it."

Badger poured a substantial amount in her mouth almost filling it; the burning slowly subsided and her mouth numbed. She held it there until Badger told her to swallow it; she did and this drink was better, the warmth in her stomach grew.

"Are you ready to party snowflake?" Badger smiled mischievously. 

Finally, Beth thought; some weed or coke would definitely calm her nerves, "What are we having?"

"You snowflake! I'm having you." His big hand squeezed her hip emphasizing his point.

"Don't you want to get high first?" Beth needed something for her nerves desperately.

Badger's face darkened and his eyes stared into hers, "I don't do that shit and I'm not fucking you stoned snowflake! Stand up and take that dress off." With a gentle shove he pushed Beth off his knee.

Stone faced Beth stood covering her breasts with her crossed arms, "And if I don't?"

Badger stood and towered over her, "I've been nice to you right snowflake?" He continued before she could answer, "We can have a good time or I'm going to use you and have a good time." He stood inches from her forcing her to crane her neck to look at him.

"I'm not really seeing the difference!" Her voice was almost scornful.

Grabbing her by the chin he lowered his face close to hers, "One way, you may enjoy yourself; the other way I do and you are gonna be sore for a long time snowflake."

Beth looked down immediately when he released her chin. Badger stepped back and sat down in his chair taking another slow drink never taking his eyes off her. His expression was questioning, "Well?"

Trying to hide the trembling from deep inside her she stood for a moment before sitting on his lap again. Leaning in, she kissed the corner of his mouth, "Please don't hurt me."

"That's a good snowflake." Badger held her chin and kissed her again. "One more rule." His voice a whisper as his lips danced across hers, "Don't you say no to me! You got that?" He waited as she nodded and kissed her again feeling her body tremble.

"Let's get you acquainted with my friend here!" Badger squeezed a bulge in his pants. "Get on the floor snowflake."

Beth slipped off his knee and quietly lowered herself to the floor between his knees with her bum resting gently on her heels. Chewing her lip she watched nervously as the big black man in front of her began to fumble in his seat to expose himself. When she saw his cock, she began to physically tremble.

"Don't be scared snowflake. I'm gonna be real gentle with you as long as you are good girl. Okay?" Badger smiled and sat back with his cock pointing to the ceiling, "Come say hello." His big hand stroked up and down the length of his 9.5 inch python.

Placing her elbows on his thighs she touched him for the first time; her hand wrapped around his shaft and she gently stroked his cock feeling it pulse in her hand. His skin was different; it felt like silk and she found herself enjoying the feel of his cock. 

Badger let out a deep moan when she grabbed him with both hands and slowly stroked him. He watched as the sexy little redhead fixated on his cock with her gaze, oblivious to his attentive stare. Slowly leaning forward he pulled her up on her knees bringing her face to his. As he kissed her, she never stopped stroking his cock.

With the flick of his tongue on her lips, they parted and he entered her for the first time; slowly savouring her mouth and delicate lips. His big hands made their way up her arms resting on her shoulders. For a moment they stood still, resting on the straps of her dress until they began to trace back down her arms taking the straps with them.

The thin fabric of her dress slid easily over her breasts and rested at her waist. Releasing his cock for the first time since she touched it, she removed the straps from her arms and quickly grabbed his cock again. 

Badgers mouth never left hers as his hands gently cupped her exposed breasts. He was certain she had moaned at his touch and responded by probing his tongue deep in her mouth for a moment before breaking their kiss, "You ready to suck that big dick snowflake?"

Sitting back on her heels, Beth responded by lowering her head and licking the swollen head of his cock. At first it was delicate as she traced the head and rim, gently probing the slit of his helmet. Parting her lips, she sucked his head past her lips and stroked him with both hands. Badger moaned his approval and Beth was proud of the power she had at this moment. 

Placing his hand gently on the back of her head he followed her movements and gently tangled his fingers in her hair. The contrast of her pale flesh against his black cock was one of the things that turned him on most about fucking white women, but a redhead was the unicorn every black man wanted. He needed to get this load out so he had the stamina to fuck her the way he needed to.

Laying his head back he moaned and slowly bucked his hips as Beth sucked and stroked his cock. It wouldn't be long and he'd be feeding his new little fuck toy a big load of his sticky seed, "Just like that!" Badger put his other hand on the back of her head, holding it still as his thrusts fucked her mouth making wet sucking sounds that drove him wild. "Swallow all this cum snowflake!" The words barely passed his lips and his cock exploded violently. His hands held her head steady as she struggled to take pulse after pulse of his load.

Beth did her best to swallow his load, but there was so much. Cum squirted from the sides of her mouth and dripped from her chin on to her bare breasts. Never taking him from her mouth, she squeezed and milked the remaining seed from him. His cum tasted different too; it wasn't bitter or leaving a lingering taste in her mouth.

Grabbing his cock he guided his cum from her cheek to her mouth and watched as she eagerly sucked him back in and cleaned it off. Reaching down he grabbed her breasts and massaged the remaining cum into her lily white mounds, "You can really suck cock snowflake."

Badger sat back in the chair and his hand guided her head to rest on his thigh. Beth lay there, noting her breathing and that her nerves had subsided. She thought about how soft his skin was and the taste of his cum; laying there she let her hands wander up to his semi erect cock and held it, gently squeezing him.
