 Beth's parents were pleased that she had finally come to her senses about that Hispanic boy she was dating. Her attitude had greatly improved over the last few weeks and there were no more disappearances over the weekend. Their little girl had come back to them and they couldn't have been more pleased. 

"Did you hear who came home for Thanksgiving?" Beth's mother smiled across the kitchen table. 

Placing her spoon back in her bowl of cereal, "Who?" Beth couldn't help but think, here we go again with her parents trying to set her up with one of their approved boys. 

"Troy" Beth's mom's voice said excitedly. "He was always such a nice boy. Did you know he just graduated? He went to school to be an architect." 

"That's nice." Beth stared into her bowl unimpressed. "I like being single Mom." 

"I know dear." Her mom's hand patted hers, "You need to get out and have some fun though." 

After dinner, Beth was about to hide in her room for the evening when the doorbell rang. The doorbell surprised her but she was not surprised to see Troy standing on the porch. 

"Hi." Troy smiled showing his perfect teeth, "I was told I should come by and say hello." 

Beth couldn't hide her puzzled look. 

Troy began to stutter, "I...uh... " 

Unable to prolong the awkwardness, "Why don't you come in?" Beth stood aside. 

In her peripheral, Beth could see her parents watching discretely from the living room. 

"Let's go up to my room." Beth turned and walked up the stairs motioning for Troy to follow. 

Once in her room, Beth began to panic about the current state of affairs; was this any less awkward than standing in the watchful eyes of her parents? 

Troy pulled the chair out at the little desk and sat while Beth sat cross legged on the end of the bed. 

"So." Beth smiled. 

Troy shook his head slowly and chuckled, "These parents of ours." 

"Yeah." Beth avoided eye contact and began to trace patterns on her knee. 

Troy opened up explaining that our parents had been talking and mutually decided that we both needed to get out, "So, I thought maybe we could get out and do something to shut them up. What do you think?" 

Beth turned her eyes to Troy, "Sure. Just friends though; I'm not looking for a relationship." 

"Understood." Troy chuckled. "There is something you should know though." 

"What's that?" Beth raised an eye brow. 

"I'm gay." Troy smiled again. 

Troy's parents were unaware of his sexual orientation; at school, he could truly be himself and returning home left him outside his comfort zone. This resulted in Troy spending his time at home and his parents feeling that he needed to get out and meet someone. 

Beth relaxed, "This may just work out!" 

"How so?" Troy's magnetic smile slid across his face. 

"We can hang out and have fun. Our parents will be happy and what they don't know won't hurt them." Beth took her turn laughing. 

For the next week they went out every night; to their unsuspecting parents, they were on a date, but they were just two friends enjoying their time together and most importantly, being themselves. 

"We should go to a club this weekend." Troy grabbed his ball from the rack and stepped up on the lane. 

After some thought Beth responded, "What kind of club?" 

"A gay one of course!" Troy wound up and released the ball towards the pins. "What do you think?" 

"I think I'm going to be surrounded in women that I'm not interested in." Beth gave him a quizzical look. 

Troy's now famous smile appeared, "The only women there will be straight." 

On the drive to the club, Troy was very excited, "You have no idea how bad I need this." 

"Someone needs to get laid!" Beth gave him a playful push. "What about me? Maybe I need to get laid too?" 

Troy smiled and pulled in behind the club. 

Inside the club, Beth found Troy's description was accurate; the club was packed and it was predominantly men. After grabbing drinks, they wasted no time getting on the dance floor and moving to the music. Beth was having a great time and let loose in the comfort of knowing that she wasn't going to be picked up or hit on. Troy however was a different story; his boyish good looks were a magnet to the largest variety of men she had ever seen. These men were very straight forward in what they wanted when they moved in to dance with him. 

After the third drink, Troy seemed to have found himself a friend he was interested in. Beth watched curiously as they danced, kissed and pressed into one another with abandon. When they disappeared, she didn't bother to try and find them knowing full well what was taking place. A short while later they reappeared looking relaxed and dishevelled. Beth just smiled knowingly at them. 

The three of them made their way to the bar where Troy introduced his new friend Duncan; he was a tall slender Asian guy with impeccable style. After finishing their drinks, Beth followed the two men out of the club, "Where to now?" 

"Let's go find you some man meat!" Duncan blurted out in laughter. 

Beth climbed into the back seat and the car sped away with Troy at the wheel. 

Duncan sat sideways in the passenger seat, "Anyone else want to get high?" 

Troy blurted his answer out, "I do!" His eyes caught Beth's in the rear view mirror, "You in?" 

Beth shrugged, "Sure." It had been a couple months since she had gotten high. 

Duncan laughed excitedly, "Perfect! I know a guy." He then proceeded to give directions to a hole in the wall club where his guy hung out. 

Troy and Beth made their way to the bar while Duncan went looking for his guy; the bar tender had barely placed their drinks on the bar when he returned, "I see him against the back wall; follow me." 

Grabbing their drinks they made their way to the back of the club. It was so dark they couldn't make out any features of the people around them. Duncan waved and walked up to a table where two men sat while Troy and Beth stayed a couple feet back. 

"Snowflake?" Beth's heart sank and a sick feeling raced through her body as she focused on the individual speaking; it was Badger and Coal. It was all she could do not to race out the door, but she was frozen in place. 

"Snowflake! That is you!" Badger smiled and patted the seat beside him. "Join us guys." Although Badger invited everyone to sit, it was evident that he wanted me to sit beside him against the wall. 

"You guys know each other!" Duncan was oblivious of my discomfort. 

Badger smiled and put his arm around me giving me a playful squeeze, "Me and snowflake are old friends." 

Flagging down the waitress, Badger ordered drinks for the table. Beth couldn't help but remember the night that Badger had taken her; excitement, fear and anger raced through her as she tried to disappear behind her drink. 

"I was thinking of having a little get-together back at my place." Badger smiled at Beth, "You guys should come." 

Once again, Duncan exploded excitedly, "He has the best parties!" 

Beth sunk deeper in to the cheap material of the booth watching in horror as Troy smiled and agreed. 

"Well let's go then!" Badger pushed Coal forcing him to stand. "I have lots of good stuff at my place." 

When Badger stood, he took Beth's hand taking her with him, "You guys follow us." 

Beth couldn't believe she was back in the same Escalade that had abducted her only a couple months ago; this time she got in voluntarily. Her heart pounded in her chest as they drove. 

"I had hoped you would have popped over Snowflake." Badger smiled, "I thought you had fun?" 

Beth raised an eyebrow and spoke bravely, "You kidnapped me and forced me to have sex with you." 

"Yeah, but we had fun." Badger's smile broadened. 

Beth opted to be silent for as long as possible, "Nothing is happening tonight; just so we are both clear." 

"No?" Badger feigned sadness, "I'm going to fuck my little snowflake senseless tonight." 

"What part of 'No' wasn't clear Badger?" Beth surprised herself. 

Badger smiled, "Maybe I wasn't clear last time; you're mine snowflake. I will do whatever I want to you whenever I want." 

Beth looked scornfully at him. 

Badger's words were smooth, "if you ever say no to me again, I'm going to have to hurt you snowflake." 

The rest of the ride was silent. Badger placed his hand high up on her thigh pushing the hem of her dress up until his hand was an inch from her womanhood. 

Arriving at his condominium he climbed out of the Escalade and held his hand out to Beth to help her out. As she planted her feet, he leaned in to remind her of the situation, "You remember to behave yourself tonight snowflake." 

Within an hour, the smell of marijuana filled the living area forcing Badger to open the balcony window. There were quite a few people there now. Badger made a point of ensuring Beth was always within an arm's reach. Sitting on the couch, Badger gently pulled her face to his and kissed her. At first she didn't kiss him back; when he gripped her hair so hard she almost screamed out, she kissed him back and when he released her hair the pain went away. 

Badger stood and made his way to the bathroom; within seconds Troy flopped down beside her, "Damn Beth, I didn't figure you were a girl with jungle fever!" he laughed, "He's a great looking man for his age." 

Beth could only smile. Her mind continued to spin with emotion. Circumstances aside, Badger gave her exactly what she needed last time; her fear only amplified the situation. 

"Snowflake!" Badger stood in the hallway, "Daddy needs some love." 

Beth stood to Troy's teasing voice, "Ooh, we know where you're going." 

Badger took her hand and guided her to the back bedroom with the large circular bed. Only two feet in the door and Badger unzipped his pants pulling his semi erect monster out, "Daddy needs his cock drained snowflake." 

With the door still open, Beth kneeled and took his cock in her hands. As she sucked the head into her mouth she realized just how much time had made it smaller in her memory. Badgers hands held her head guiding it up and down the length of his cock making her gag loudly. 

Badger watched intently as the tiny redhead choked on his stiffening cock. Memories of her tight pussy and ass flooded back; he needed to keep this girl coming here permanently. Her soft mouth made him crave her pussy more, "Get up!" 

Taking her hand he pushed her on to the bed, "Stay on your hands and knees." His cock bounced with excitement as he slowly lifted the hem of her dress over her ass; her tiny thong didn't disappoint him as he pulled it to the side, "Daddy needs this sweet little pussy." 

Beth stiffened as Badger slid his rock hard meat up and down her slit. Wetting her fingers in her mouth, she quickly transferred it to her unready pussy. When Badger's head was covered in the new found wetness he pushed himself in causing Beth to scream out and collapse prone on the bed. 

"Mm, my snowflake wants a nice deep fucking!" Badger straddled her, pinning her to the bed as he worked his enormous cock deep inside her. Her screams as he pushed himself deeper made his cock stiffen. Reaching down he grabbed a fistful of her silky red hair and buried himself to the hilt. 

Beth screamed violently as Badger broke her tiny pussy in once again. Unable to move, she was at the full mercy of his thrusts. There was no pleasure on her part as he claimed her for his own. When he pushed himself deep inside her he stilled, she could feel his cock jerking and pulsing inside her, filling her with his sticky seed. 

Badger sighed, breathing heavily having relieved his ache he leaned down close to her ear and whispered, "You need to be a good girl so I don't have to treat you like a common whore!" 

Beth nodded. 

"Good girl." Badger lifted himself off her, "When we go back out there, you better be acting like you are in love with me snowflake. Understood?" 

Once again Beth nodded. 

"Say it!" Badger's voice rose. 

"I love you Badger." Beth lay still on the bed for a moment before sitting up to see Badger heading to the front room again. Conflicting thoughts filled her head; what would be wrong with enjoying him? Why was she fighting so hard to hate it? 

When she stood, Badgers seed poured from her soaking her panties. In the bathroom she tried to push most of his semen from her. Her panties were soaked so she slid them over her feet and put them in the trash can. 

In an effort the clean his seed from her, she used her fingers to work the sticky goo from deep inside her. As her fingers danced in the wetness, her nipples hardened. Slowly she fingered her pussy ensuring that every stroke danced across her bean. When the familiar heat and tightness started deep in her stomach, her fingers moved faster until her orgasm reached the surface. Beth held her hand tightly on her pussy until her orgasm had subsided. 

Cleaning herself up, she fixed her dress and walked back in to the party. Scanning the room, Beth was surprised that more people had arrived. The music was loud and people danced and lounged throughout the living area and kitchen. When her eyes finally found Badger, she let out an audible gasp; he stood in near the entrance of the kitchen talking to Javier. 

Javier's eyes caught hers immediately; his smile alerted Badger who turned to see the object of his attention. Beth watched in horror as Badger pushed Javier against the wall, pinning him with his muscular forearm. 

"Snowflake! Come here." Badger's voice boomed over the music drawing the full attention of the room. 

Beth sped over to where Badger was pinning Javier; his face was a deep crimson. With his free arm he pulled Beth in to his side before moving his face close to Javier, "You ever smile or so much as talk to my little snowflake again and I'll make you suffer the most painful death imaginable; are we clear?" 

Filled with fear, Beth watched as Javier nodded and gasped his acknowledgement. When Badger released Javier, he slid to the wall holding his neck, gently rubbing it as he caught his breath. 

"Snowflake, I see you so much as look at another man like that again and I will give you to Coal and his friends." Badger kissed her forehead before turning and guiding her back in to the party, "You are mine snowflake; don't you ever forget it."  

Beth got the message loud and clear and put her arm around Badger. 

As the night rolled along, people came and left eventually leaving only a handful of people. Troy and Duncan pawed each other on the balcony lounge chair, oblivious to their surroundings. Beth snuggled close Badger on the couch between bouts of heavy make out sessions. 

 

Badger casually placed Beth's hand on his stiffened cock, "We should go see what we can do with this." 

Beth slid off the couch and Badger followed her to the bedroom as she pulled him along. In the bedroom she took a seat on the edge of the bed and placed her hands on Badger's crotch. 

As she squeezed and outlined his thick meat, Badger placed a gentle hand on her head and yelled towards the door, "Coal!" 

Coal arrived in seconds, "Yes boss?" 

"Take some pictures of me and my little snowflake." 

Coal disappeared returning quickly with a small point and shoot camera. 

Beth dared not complain, but she dared to stare up at Badger with pleading eyes. 

Badger smiled down from his towering height, "Stand up snowflake, let's have a nice picture." 

"Okay." Beth stood beside him and smoothed her dress. 

"Smile." Coal snapped a couple pictures of the smiling couple before handing the camera to Badger for review. 

"Beautiful!" Badger beamed, "We look like a couple in love, don't we snowflake." 

"Very." Although she didn't really want to admit it, the picture really did make them look happy. 

"Let's get a couple more." Badger swooped Beth up in his arms for another picture. 

Coal continued to take pictures as Badger and Beth kissed. 

"Damn snowflake, you've got me hard as a rock." Badger lowered Beth to the floor before reaching down and squeezing his cock. "Kiss my cock through my pants; get me really hard." 

Beth kneeled on the floor placing her hands back on his hips. Slowly leaning forward she kissed the length of his cock through his dress pants. Using her lips she nibbled on the obvious ridge of his engorged head. 

"Mm, you love that cock don't you snowflake?" Badger closed his eyes lost as his cock strained against the fabric of his pants. "Where do you want Daddy's cock?" 

Beth slowly lowered his zipper before slipping her small hand in his pants to fish his cock out; with both hands stroking his solid shaft she kissed the tip, "I'm yours Daddy; you can take me anyway you want." 

"Mm, good girl." Badger smiled, "Daddy's wants to feed you all his cum." 

Badger fucked her mouth deep, loving the sounds of her slurping and gagging on his cock. He was pleased to have a new fuck toy on his list and this one had exceptional talent. Looking over at Coal, he nodded knowingly and smiled as Coal took another couple photos. 

Beth sucked and stroked his cock preparing herself for the torrents of cum that would be flooding her mouth at any moment. His pre-cum reminded her that his seed was not offensive and easy to enjoy. His cock released and endless stream of his sticky lubricant. 

Badger was close and it was time to feed her; holding her head still with both hands, he pushed his cock to the back of her throat in time for the first explosion of cum. Her body convulsed wildly, but she was unable to break free of his grip. Pushing deeper, Badger held her as the rest of his seed made its way down the tiny redhead's throat. 

Beth's eyes watered profusely as she took the gallon of cum down her throat. When Badger's grip softened, she pulled his cock out slightly, squeezing and stroking the rest of his cum from him. Badger pulled himself from her hungry mouth and sat on the edge of the bed. 

"Put your number in my phone snowflake." Badger handed her the phone from his night table. 

Grabbing the phone, Beth typed her number in and handed it back to him. 

Badger took the phone and finished the entry as he spoke, "Snowflake." Holding the phone to his ear, he sat smiling at her, "Your cell phone better ring." 

She had contemplated a wrong number, but something told her not to do it; luckily she hadn't and her phone began to ring, "Do you want me to answer it?" 

Badger nodded so she made her way to her purse on the small bench by the door, "Hello?" 

"Snowflake, you go home now but when I call, you best make an excuse and come immediately." Badger hung up the phone. 

Troy dropped Duncan off at his house leaving them alone in the car. Beth answered all Troy's questions about Badger's cock and that the stereotype was true. Like a gentleman, he walked around and opened the car door for her. As she stepped out, she saw her parent's eyes peering from the upstairs window with ridiculous smiles on their faces. 

Keeping the charade going, Troy gave her a kiss on the cheek before heading back to his car and driving away. 

Beth pulled a soft old tee shirt over her naked breasts and climbed in to bed. Badger's scent lingered on her flesh and the faint taste of his cum lingered in her mouth. Unconsciously, her hand found her pussy and began the delicate dance on her magic button through the thin fabric of her panties as she tried to rationalize the situation. 

Badger scared her and she truly believed that he would follow through with his threats; after all, she had already seen his possessive nature with Javier. There was no question in her mind that Badger had claimed her. She was flattered to have such a strong effect on him. Although she was afraid of him, he also excited her and brought out emotions that intrigued and excited her. 
