 I found myself laying back on a stranger's bed, naked, legs hooked up over the shoulders of a man whose name I couldn't remember. He was about 6'4" dark hair and eyes, thick, but not fat. He had a deep voice and strength about him. He had been polite, and I had liked his smile. He had dimples. I remembered that he was a sales rep for a pharmaceutical company but had stopped traveling and worked from a home office. 

He was complimentary, made me laugh, was direct about what he liked about my appearance. He liked my wide hips and DD bust. He loved my long dark hair and that I was 5'10 and over 200 pounds. I had damn near melted as he'd grabbed me on the dance floor after about an hour and a half of flirting and dancing together. We had some definite chemistry. 

He said he had an apartment a few blocks away, did I want to get out of there. My friend Cora was drunker than me and hung on some guy who had started our night off with too many rounds of tequila. 

"Sure," I'd said though I knew I should have said no. 

"Damn baby you taste sweet," He said, before shifting himself for the second time, burying his face between my thighs again.

"What the fuck are you doing?" I asked myself as my hips lifted and swirled under the attentions of the man. I had already cum from his fingers once and his mouth twice. He was intent on exhausting my libido before he even began to let me please him. My blood was rushing through my veins. I felt warm and tingly all over my body. My head swirled from the liqueur. 

The sheets were cool as I clutched them, pulled them, bucked my groin into the mans face. I couldn't remember his name. I couldn't remember my name. I came hard and fast. My toes curled, and my body convulsed. Gooseflesh covered my chest, and I could feel my nipples tighten. He slipped a finger inside of me, and I let out a moan. He slipped in another and I tightened around him. He kept up his skillful attack on my clit. 

"What are you doing?" I asked myself again, but the pang of remorse left me this time. I was surrendering to the sensations. 

"Now that's a tight little pussy," He said and slipped yet another finger inside. I could feel my body resisting. 

He grazed his teeth along my thigh, sucked my lip into his mouth and chewed on it a little. I trembled as he slipped yet another finger inside of me. I could hear my voice like it was foreign to me, on echo in the room. There was silence in the apartment. The building housed a furniture shop; there were no apartments on either side of his. 

"Roll onto your belly sweetheart," he demanded, and lifted, guiding me over as he went. "Lay flat honey," He said softly and bent to nip my ass. He lay across me, reaching for extra pillows at the top of the bed and lifted my hips laying two pillows under me. My ass was straight up in the air, under the thick pillows. I immediately grasped the pillow he had left close to me, and wrapped my arms around it. A squeal escaped my lips as he shoved all four fingers into me again. I could feel how wet I'd become. I was sure there was a puddle on the bed where I'd just been, but knew he had been devouring every drop. There was something of an art behind his oral presentation.

I felt his mouth on my ass, and immediately started to resist, but he was gentle, and it felt amazing. Something surged through me, and I suddenly had no care in the world for what was happening. I surrendered, and he intensified the treat; he was so deliberate with every move, so slow, so gentle, so generous I hadn't experienced this before.. He continued the strokes within me, but used his other hand to pull my cheeks apart further. I cried out as he nibbled on the flesh around the inside of my asshole. My hips were grinding again, and I felt like I was going mad. I was completely out of breath, and my entire body was alert and on fire. 

"My God, your ass tastes as good as your pussy."

"Fuck" I cried out as his motions inside me quickened and I was reaching yet another orgasm. He shoved his tongue slowly just inside my ass and mimicked the motion. 

"I could eat your sweet ass for hours," He said and nipped my cheek. I moaned, and he nipped the other side. His treat became a little more intense, and he started to suck on my flesh. I could tell there might be marks left as it felt a little like hickeys being made, but it just added to the pleasure. I was writhing before I realized the pressure inside of me had expanded again, but I didn't care. I loved every second of what he was doing to me. At least an hour had gone by I was sure, but I was completely fine with every moment of it. 

"Oh Fuck, YES," I cried out as he inserted a finger into my ass and stroked it with the same rhythm he was fucking my pussy. I rocked on the pillows and was pushing myself back into his hands. He spread my ass further. I reached back and grabbed the other cheek, pulled it all the way apart. He inserted another finger and kept licking and sucking all around. I was cumming again soon, but he didn't stop. I had never felt so much pressure inside of me and was losing my mind with pleasure. 

"Can I use toys on you, baby? I want to fill that ass a little bit." 

"Sure," I said, and before my body stopped rocking from him moving away, he was back, and a cold liquid was being poured over my bottom. He massaged my thighs with it, and my cheeks. HE took his time, rubbed himself over my ass as he bent forward and massaged my back, slowly, deeply. From my hips, up to my shoulders and back again. I wanted him inside of me as he did it, but he only teased me, grinding his cock into me. I could tell he was enormous in size. I wanted him in my mouth as he continued to play with my ass and my pussy. Before I could request a taste, he had a vibrating toy, with a clitoral nub bent up in front of it, massaging my clit. This quelled my need to be filled. 

He began to lick my ass again, and I could feel both hands, fingering my hole, pulling at the rim a little at a time. He poured more liquid, directly onto and into my ass this time, and kept patiently fingering, swirling, licking and stretching me. 

"I'm going to try a little one first," he said as he pulled out the two fingers he was stroking inside of me. I couldn't respond more than to lift my ass up a little higher. 

"Relax honey," He said softly and I complied. He shoved the vibrator deep up into my pussy again and stroked me with it a little before resuming his delivery of pleasure to my ass. 

"Do you like your asshole fucked, baby?" he asked. I didn't, but everything he was doing was perfect. 

"Not usually," I admitted, "But you're doing everything right.

"It takes work to get ready for something like that. I'm stretching your pussy so you can take my cock. You're tiny. I don't want to hurt you. And I'm working to stretch your ass so you can take this vibrator. I love to feel the vibration inside you when I'm inside you. I'm going to take my time with this honey. It's all about you. Are you enjoying yourself?"

"I am." I admitted, and he pulled the vibrator out of me. 

"Stay like this," He said and got up again. He was back in a few moments, and I lay there completely open to everything he had planned. 

"Lift up a little honey," He said as he reached for my breasts. I moaned as something vibrating, pinched my left nipple and looked to see a small clamp. He reached down to flick my clit with one hand as he covered the second nipple with the clamp. I moved swiftly to claim his cock in my hand and was shocked at my discovery. His cock was so thick I couldn't wrap my hand all around it. He touched my hand and wrapped his hand around mine. He moved my hand up and down his shaft and leaned in to kiss me. I shifted to get a better grip around him, and he moved my hand, took both of my wrists in his hands and flipped me over onto my back. Within moments, he was between my thighs and I could feel him pressing into me. He pressed lightly, but I could feel how enormous he was. 

"Are you ready for a little bit of me? Just a feel? I'm nowhere near done with that beautiful ass of yours baby, but you ready to feel me inside of you?"

"yes, please" I said and he claimed my mouth again. He kissed me slowly and passionately. My legs instinctively wrapped up around his hips, and my arms moved all over his body. I could feel my nails digging into his flesh, and he was covered in gooseflesh as He slipped one inch, then two into me. I gasped as the feeling was more intense than even his hand and I lifted my hips to take more of him

"Do you like that?" He asked. His moves were tender, but I could tell had he not prepared me, he may well have ripped me going inside. 

"Yes," I said and he deepened the kiss as he began to pull back out slowly. He thrusted forward a little less slow the next time, and with each return, a little faster, and a little harder. He reached to hold my hands down again as he lifted up and began to pound into me. I cried out, breathless, cumming again already. He reached one hand for my clit and circled the tender flesh with just the right pressure. 

"Do you like that baby?" he asked and I couldn't respond. He felt so amazing. 

"Do you want me to keep fucking you like this?" he asked a few minutes later

"YES" I answered.

"GOOD," He gripped my thighs, spread my legs wide and began thrusting harder and harder into me. I came again, and he slowed down. He layed back upon me and started to kiss me again. He reached as he did to slip the vibe into my bottom but stopped when I jerked. IT pinched. 

"Roll back over honey," he requested and I complied. My thighs aching from being wrapped up around him, and the depths of movement his strong body, forcing them apart. 

"Hips high in the air this time, baby" He ordered. I did. He immediately bent and started to devour my pussy and moved back up to my ass again. Within a few moments, he was back inside of me and using both hands to spread my ass. He poured more liquid into my ass and stroked inside of me slowly as he used both hands to stretch and finger my ass. Every movement was extreme. I felt like I was on another planet. I couldn't remember for a second the hesitations I was feeling or the power I was surrendering. 

He slid a small toy inside my bottom and left it there. He stroked deeper and deeper inside of me, and I rocked back into his body. I could feel the sweat building as time went by. He kept perfect rhythm. After a few minutes, he started to stroke my ass with a toy and then replaced it with a slightly bigger one. He poured in a little more lube and deepened his thrusts inside of me as he slipped this bigger, thicker, vibrating toy inside of me. I suddenly felt wild. I wanted more strength pinching my nipples, pulling and tugging along with the vibration. I wanted to be sucking his cock at the same time every hole was full. 

"God you feel fucking incredible," He groaned and deepened his thrusts. 

"So do you," I cried out and he reached one arm around my waist and pulled me in close. 

He pushed me down on the mattress and the weight of him, the shift of the toy and the hand that suddenly was massaging my clit, along with the vibrating clamps pressed hard against the mattress, I was getting everything I needed. I bit my lip, hard as a whole new wave or orgasm, much deeper and intense crashed through me. He clamped down o my shoulder and began to suck on my flesh when I screamed out. There was no warning, but I felt him fill me with his seed. I came again, immediately. The sensation was primal. I thought nothing of it. I couldn't get pregnant anyway, but he didn't know that. 

"Are you all right baby?" He asked a few moments later, as he shifted from behind to beside me and pulled me into his arms. I nodded and allowed him to hold me. It felt so good. My body was so sore and so relaxed. I didn't think I could move if I had to. Before long, he was hard against me again. He asked if I was ready for more and I agreed. The details are very paralleled to the first time, with some added sensitivity, due to swelling inside of me. But I just got home from his place and am exhausted. He has already text me, asking to see me again soon and telling me he would like to take me out to dinner, do this right. His name is Mark.

My friend Cora is not responding to my texts, so I assume she is passed out or busy, and I only had one missed message through the night. My ex boyfriend, Paxton, asking me to please give him one more chance. I'd waited six months for him to even talk to me at all, and all of a sudden he messages me the one thing I wanted to hear. I had avoided all other contact with men until last night, and suddenly here he comes wanting what I had wanted all along the way. 

I haven't responded to his message yet, and I might not... But I see Mark again tonight at seven.