 He was 6'3" tall, 232 pounds of total muscle. Bored and in a "small town" because of the Navy he worked out more than any man I've known before or since.

I met him online and begged him to come down and visit me. He had three days off in a row and drove over two hours just to meet me.

I'd never dated or had sex or any sort of anything before him, really.

I grew up in a tiny town and discounting a couple of drunken kisses I was totally inexperienced.

He was a Navy man, a few years older than me, and definitely not an innocent.

His shift ended at 11 pm so by the time he finally drove down to me it was late. I hugged him as soon as I met him which seemed to dissipate whatever nervousness there was to begin with.

We went straight to my house and got cozy in the bed. I put on my biggest, comfiest black fleece pants and slid into bed with a man for the first time in my life.

We chatted a little, comfortable immediately.

He kissed me and cuddled me until I was melting like warm wax. He worked his way down my body and pushed my oversized fleece pants away. I willingly let him and marveled at how open I was to everything. I was so uninhibited it was almost scary. I didn't expect that out of myself. 

He had the fastest tongue. I just moaned and tried to hold onto the bed and my sanity with equal force. 

He came up over me and I smiled and pulled him down for a kiss, reveling to taste myself on someone for the first time.

I didn't even think of reciprocating, I'm embarrassed to say. I fell asleep with him fondling my breasts and spooning me.

The next day I had to work but luckily work at home. Once I'd done all I needed to do for the morning I took him out to lunch and we came home.

I was finishing a few kitchen chores when he came up behind me and kissed me on the neck. This was the first time I was aware of what a kiss in that particular spot does to me.

We kissed and kissed and fondled and explored each other all the way back to the bedroom where I immediately started undressing him. I made him stand still for me as I walked around him, just soaking in the large, well muscled, half naked man in my bedroom.

This was also when I first became aware that men with hot tattoos make me want to lick them. ;)

I did a bit of that, just exploring his skin and his taste. We ended up on the bed. I lifted myself up off of him to help him remove his jeans. He had black boxer briefs on.

The first time I ever felt the powerful surge of pure womanhood that comes from seeing that little spot of pre-cum on a man's boxer briefs was heady and enlightening. I licked my lips unintentionally.

I leaped off him and left him in surprise on my bed while I shuffled through crap in my bathroom cupboards.

"What are you doing?" He asked, a laugh in his voice.

"Just a second!" I yelled back excitedly.

I came back into the room and threw a "for her pleasure" condom onto his chest.

He cocked an eyebrow at me and said, "What are we doing?"

"You're going to have sex with me now. And I am not going to be on top."

He looked stunned but happy and I lay down and shifted under him as he shifted to be over me.

He grasped the head of his wide, lovely shaft. He is to this day the largest man (penis-wise) that I've ever been with. He had this perfect, long but not too long, girthy but not too thick penis. It curved up just a bit toward the end, so it hit just the right spot inside of me.

I ran my hands down his lovely, tattooed and defined arms. I reveled in the size of him over me. How feminine and liquid I felt just then!

He ran the head of his penis around my clit, again and again until I wanted to scream. I was writhing under him, practically begging for it.

He finally entered me just a little and I, for some reason, heard Maxwell's "Women's Work" in my head.

Not that I thought of it as work, it felt like anything but.

For once my head was clear (of all but that song). I wasn't worrying about anything or thinking of what might happen next. For just a moment there were no bills to pay, no responsibilities, no tomorrows to prepare for.

I felt him stretching me and stilled, ecstatic. He asked if I was okay and I thought that was so gentlemanly. He knew from our conversations before we'd met that I was a virgin. I nodded yes and smiled at him, urging him to continue.

Just then the phone rang.

I stilled completely and told him I had to answer (I wasn't sure if it was my little sister's school). I picked up and heard the happy voice of my best friend, the only one who knew he had come to meet me.

"Hi!" She said, clueless.

"I'll call you back later." I growled hurriedly and slammed the phone down.

He laughed, I laughed, and we continued with some of the best sex I've ever had in my life.

He entered me and there was no part of me that didn't feel him.

I scratched his shoulders and back as he pushed into me, urging him to go harder, letting him know there was no pain.

I wrapped my legs around his waist and rode him like my first carnival ride. I came and came, in one long, slow burning and almost underlying orgasm.

He kissed me and I couldn't help but nip his lip a little. I just always seem to do that.

He moaned and jerked, and warned me out loud that he was going to come. "Hmm... Yeah..."I moaned back and gripped him to me as he came inside me.

He rolled off me and we both lay sated staring at the ceiling.

"Are you going to call your friend back?" He asked.

I laughed, "Do you want me to?"

"Yeah, sure."

So I called and laughingly told her I'd been tying my shoe when she called and that was why I'd seemed winded.

;)

Later that night I learned how to give a blow job and a few other tricks. I've got to say it is a joy and a pain that to this day my first sex was my best.