 Tony leaned against the wall, watching Laura as she walked past, the two exchanging a quick smile and a gentle caress. They'd been dating for two months now and sleeping together for the last one, and there wasn't a moment that he looked at her and didn't feel desire course though his veins. 

Today was no different as he felt his heart beat a little faster and his mouth dry a bit. Licking his lips, he waited until she was out of sight before he pushed from the wall and headed for her huge L-shaped reception desk. Dropping down, he crawled to the side so he'd be out of sight and then waited for her to return.

He had planned it all out in advance, arranging for most of his co-workers to be off site at a huge meeting downtown, leaving the two of them there along with one or two others that worked way in the back. It meant they had some privacy but there was still some risk, just the kind of setting he wanted to make one of her fantasies come true.

Soon he heard the click of her heels as she returned and took her seat, sliding part of the way under the desk. Carefully and quietly he moved into position and then swallowed hard. She had no idea he had planned all of this and it was either going to go really bad fast or really good slowly.

Reaching out, his warm hands lightly wrapped around her ankles and he suddenly tugged, drawing her chair all the way under. A half-squeal could be heard above him and then she pushed against the edge, trying to roll back. She made it just far enough to see under the desk, her gaze meeting his, causing her jaw to drop. He raised one finger to his lips, telling her to stay quiet, and then wrapped his hand back around her ankle. She swallowed hard and then nodded though he could tell she was nervous.

Smiling, he pulled her back under and then slowly spread her legs wider, giving him a perfect view up her skirt. She was wearing a sexy pair of lace panties and the sight made him hard instantly. Swallowing, he bent down and slowly placed one kiss against her ankle then shifted and did the same to her other. She jumped at the contact but then settled down and he moved his lips again, nipping her skin. His tongue laved over the spot as he moved higher, nipping a second time then a third, both in the same spot. 

It marked her well and he tenderly licked the spot then switched to her other leg and repeated it. His palmed glided over her skin then, slowly caressing her legs as they moved higher, followed by his lips and tongue. Each spot he stopped at got a harder nip and a lick, sometimes followed by a kiss. Her legs had begun to tremble by then, little movements that he felt under his grip, but he didn't stop.

Reaching her upper calves, he bit harder, locking his teeth in her skin to mark her, drawing a moan from above. Sucking softly over the spot, he switched sides again but this time only kissed her leg before licking it. His hands reached her knees then and slowly slide higher, fingers caressing her inner thighs as his wrists caught her skirt and began to push it upward. More and more skin was exposed to his sight and he let his tongue swirl around the insides of her knees for a moment, drawing another moan from her lips. 

His fingers dug into her thighs then and spread her legs further, opening her to him. It caused the panties to press into her folds, letting him see more than she'd probably intended. He could smell her arousal now and see the dampness that coated her panties and it drew a smile to his lips. Leaning forward, he drew his tongue slowly up the inside of her thigh, getting more moans in return, and then drew it back down the other one.

Swirling his tongue around her knees again, he suddenly leaned forward and nipper her inner thigh hard, catching her skin just right, marking it. Then he sucked the spot between his lips, intent on reddening her skin more, his tongue teasing it. He could feel her braced against the desk now, her legs almost shutting and so he released and bit again, getting a deep moan as a reward. 

Moving to her other inner thigh next, he nipped his way higher and higher, leaving her a quivering mess by the time he reached her panties. Reaching up with a hand, he slowly ran his fingers over her folds, pressing the material into her. It caused her hips to jerk and her moans to roll freely, though he could tell she was trying to stifle them. 

Finally, he pushed her panties to the side, exposing her swollen pussy. The sight caused him to suck in a breath and he hardened fully, his cock straining against his pants. 

"Damn" he whispered suddenly, lost in the site of his girl thoroughly drenched.

Regaining his senses, he nipped her inner thigh high up, catching her skin and tugging on it, then moved to the other side. As he did though, his tongue darted out and brushed over her clit, causing her to jerk hard. Smiling, he nipped her other thigh one last time and then settled in for a little feast.

Staring at the wetness oozing out of her, he slowly ran his tongue the length of her slit, grabbing as much moisture as he could. The moan he received made him groan and he did it again and again, fighting her hips as they bucked under his grip. More moisture flooded out and he sucked it down.

Taking a deep breath, lost in her smell, he began to eat her out, his tongue stroking over her folds, pressing deeper and deeper until it lightly stroked over her entrance then darting out to flick over her clit, teasing it. Reaching up, he spread her folds and slowly eased his tongue inside her, riding the movements of her hips as he did. He heard a hand pound the desk above and almost laughed before taking another lick.

Pushing her chair back a little, he looked up at her, heat in his gaze. She stared back, her lower lip swollen where she'd been biting it and her face flushed. "Mine" he whispered softly to her, drawing a gasp in return. "Mine, whenever, wherever, and however I want" he said again. Then tightening his fingers on her thighs, he pulled her under again.

His tongue went to work on her, slowly teasing at her folds until he had her writhing, then attacking her clit. She was a mewling mess above him, so wet and needy for his touch, that he knew it was time to finish it. Reaching up with his fingers, he slowly drew them over her folds then shifted his mouth so it locked around her clit. 

As he began to suckle at it, his tongue flicking over it, he massaged her pussy with those digits, making her squirm more. Then suddenly he sucked hard, his teeth scraping down the edge of her clit, causing her to moan loudly. At the same time, he plunged those two fingers deep, spearing her pussy with them, impaling her on his flesh. 

That's all it took as her legs and hips shook, moan after moan following, until the flood of juices came, her climax pushing them out. He fingered her throughout it, drawing her pleasure out, but then he placed his lips at her entrance and drank her essence down.

When she was finally done, her legs relaxing in his grip, he pushed her chair back and smiled at her. "Mine" he whispered again, his voice barely a whisper. Then he slid his drenched fingers between his lips and slowly sucked them clean. She bit her lip as she watched and then suddenly reached down and gripped his tie, dragging him out.

"Then you better take what's yours" she whispered as she drew him to his feet and kissed him, her body molding to his. When he finally broke it, he reached down and unplugged the phone and took her hand in his. 

"Oh, I plan too" he replied as he drew her down the hall and closed his office door behind them.