 I'm a police officer in a small town in the southwest and I ordinarily love my job. I was on patrol late one evening near the end of my shift after one of those rare crappy days. My sergeant had been on my case all shift about giving a parking ticket to his mother-in-law the previous day. She had parked her car in a handicap parking spot and she is in perfectly good health. He is very intimidated by his wife and her family so he has to come to work to boss people around. Earlier in the shift I also had one of the old town drunks throw up on me. I had to return to the station and take a shower and get my spare uniform from my locker. 

I'm glad that the shift is nearly over and I can go home soon. It was a warm summer night and maybe I could still salvage some of the last hours of my evening before going to bed. I stop at a light and I am sitting there waiting for the green when a car pulls up in the lane next to me. I can't see into the car because it is dark outside and the window tint is so dark. The driver of the car starts to push on the gas pedal while braking the vehicle. The automobile jumps a couple of feet then abruptly stops. He then backs up next to me and does it again. You got to be kidding, it is like he wants to challenge me. I am sitting there in a marked patrol car and this fool wants to antagonize me. Well this guy picked the wrong cop on the wrong night.

The light finally changes and the challenger begins to travel down the road but now at a very slow pace. He is now going 20 mph under the speed limit. I can't believe this, what a idiot this guy must be. I pull in behind the car and begin to follow. I try to run the license plate through my computer but the system is temporarily down and I can't get any information right now. We go several blocks and the area we are now entering is becoming sparsely populated. I contact dispatch with the vehicle's description and location and engage my emergency lights. I wait for the car to come to a stop but it keeps traveling for more than a block before finally pulling into the parking lot of a small closed strip mall.

All the hairs on the back of my neck stand up as I depart my patrol car and cautiously approach the offender's vehicle. There haven't been any serious offenses thus far but I'm on edge and alert anyway. The parking lot is dark and I can't see into the car due to the lack of lighting and dark window tint.

As I approach, the driver's window goes down. I almost start smiling, I see that the driver is a woman. Some of the tension that was building up along my spine immediately disappears. I had been ready for the car to be loaded with a pack of nasty clowns and I am now a little relieved. In fact I see that this woman is very attractive and smiling at me. There is even that obvious shameless glint in her eyes, like she is hoping to flirt her way out of a ticket. I have seen this devious sparkle on many occasions before and I'm only slightly impressed. As I stand near her window I see that she has even gone as far as to unbuttoned the top three buttons of her black blouse. I also see that she is wearing a short black skirt and those black knee-high "fuck me" boots with the four inch heels. I remain calm and do my duty as a Police Officer. I maintain my composure and ask the woman if she knows why I pulled her over. 

She says she doesn't know why I pulled her over and she asks if I was going to give her a ticket. I tell her that I need to see her driver's license and registration before any decision can be made on the issuance of a traffic citation. She does not make any attempt to retrieve her documentation. She just looks me directly in the eyes after briefly glancing at my wedding band and she unabashedly says, "If I suck your cock and allow you bend me over your patrol car will you let me go?" Well, this had to be a joke. I look around to see if any other patrol cars or vehicles were strategically set up to catch me in this very compromising situation. I imagine that I could hear their laughter and snide jokes from here. There is nobody around though, no traffic on the streets and the closed mall appears utterly deserted.

I stare at the woman with a little surprise and begin to explain that I'm an officer of the law and that she just committed a felony by attempting to bribe me with sexual favors. Before I can get three words out she mumble something as she quickly glances around. I mistakenly stop my legalistic speech and ask her what she just said. She looks me in the eyes again and then at my groin as she clearly says, "I'm not wearing any panties and I'm getting very wet just thinking of you cock sliding down my throat as you fuck my mouth." I start losing my composure now as this woman gets the upper hand. I just stare at her for a moment and then swallow hard. Before I can recover she starts in again by saying, " Then I want you to turn me around and bend me over the hood of your car and slam into my pussy from behind. Fuck me hard then I want you to pull out and shoot hot cum all over my ass." 

I feel like I have now completely lost any advantage my badge granted me when a quick notion crosses my mind. I think for a brief moment as a plan solidifies. This will be my only chance to regain control of the situation with this particular woman. I know her type only too well. A small confident smile crosses my face as I advise her that I am going to give her a warning tonight and not a ticket. I tell her that she is free to go but if she is serious about her proposition then she needs to pull away from here and meet me behind the closed strip mall in five minutes. She smiles naughtily and nods as she slowly reaches out of her window. She then looks down as her fingers gently trace the outline of my hardening cock. This night could end on a good note after all.

With that she puts her car in gear and pulls away without anther glance. For some reason I feel confident that she'll be prompt for our little appointment. I return to my patrol car and call radio dispatch. I tell the dispatcher that the traffic stop is complete. With the formalities out of the way, I check my computer to see that I have not been dispatched to any new calls. I start to leisurely drive around the area within a few blocks just to burn up time.

My anticipation increases as the time ticks by. I drive for what feels like many miles before it is finally time and I return to the designated spot. I come around the corner and go down the narrow deserted alley behind the strip mall. My hopes begin to wane since her vehicle is nowhere to be seen. I am disappointed because I was sure she would be there. I resolve myself to just drive on since my shift is now nearly over anyway. I disappointedly turn the last corner to go down the final section of alley before I will again come out from behind the mall.

Then I see the now familiar car parked behind a large dumpster. My body comes alive with an adrenaline rush. I know I could be fired for what I'm sure I am about to do. The woman is sitting on the hood of her car awaiting my arrival. I drive up next to her parked car and I pull out my handcuffs as I stop to exit my squad car. I quickly approach the woman as she stands to face me. She starts to say something when I spin her around and push her onto her car and tell her to place her hands behind her back and keep her mouth shut. This time she becomes absolutely silent and obedient to my instructions as I tighten the chrome handcuffs around her thin wrists. I warn her to stay completely still while I frisk her for weapons. She remains close-mouthed and compliant as commanded. My frisk is thorough and confirms that she is unarmed and indeed not wearing panties. I also notice that she had undone the remaining buttons on her blouse. I can see the slightly exposed milky flesh within.

I have her hands cuffed behind her back and I lead her to the front of her car. I firmly push her rear end on her car's grill as she awkwardly leans towards me to maintain her balance. I help her steady by reaching one hand into her hair and getting a secure grasp. I look her directly in the eyes and bluntly say "We made a deal and now you will live up to your end of the agreement," I then reach down to my zipper with my other hand. I undue the restraint and my already rigid cock springs loose.

She looks down and grins wickedly. I adamantly guide her head towards my cock with my hand that is tightly entwined in her hair. She is unable and unwilling to resist the powerful demand as her face is forced onto my cock. I watch as her eager mouth opens to receive my large swollen member. The initial union is exquisite, her warm mouth is so receptive to my insertion. She immediately starts to enthusiastically suck the bulging head.

Her body is now awkwardly balanced with her barely covered ass on the grill of her car and her face buried in my crotch. I now place both of my hands on the sides of her head and steadily grasp her by the hair. I am enjoying the fierce and furious sucking but it is just producing a deeper stronger need. My hips begin to involuntarily thrust toward her mouth. She adjusts to my rhythm at first but then she begins going faster. Her mouth starts slamming onto my cock much too hard and shallow with her teeth scraping the top of my cock. The pain becomes unbearable. I tensely grab her head and regain control of her brutal eagerness. 

I begin to slowly push into her mouth at my own preferred pace and depth. With each gentle thrust I penetrate deeper into her mouth. I feel a light scrape as my swollen member pushes into and then past her rear molars. My cock becomes securely lodged in the back of her throat as I continue with short urgent thrusts. I immediately place one hand on the back of her head and start to pull her firmly toward the base of my cock. It amazes me that she manages to consume as much cock as she does. To allow her some relief, I wrap my other hand around the base of my rod so that she isn't faced with the prospect of swallowing the entire shaft. I am otherwise not willing to withdrawal, I'm barely willing to let her breath.

So here I am, parked in a deserted alley at night. I'm a police officer in uniform while on duty and my cock is shoved most of the way down this woman's throat. She is down there with her arms ungracefully cuffed behind her back and precariously balanced between her car and my cock. I am now thoroughly enjoying her ferocious efforts. She appears amazingly enthusiastic to fulfill her end of our deal. I know I should be ashamed and afraid of getting caught but I continue to cram myself into her mouth anyway. I'm so turned on in fact that I very nearly start shooting hot sperm down the back of her throat right then.

I pause for a moment to allow the scene to sink in as I pull myself back from the edge of orgasm. I made an agreement with this woman and I almost accidentally reneged on our terms. I now ready myself for the next part of this secluded encounter. I regretfully pull her mouth off of my cock and abruptly turn her around and walk her towards my patrol car. I brusquely bend her over the still warm hood of my car and impatiently stretch her short tight skirt up over her slender round ass. I drag her blouse off of her shoulders and down over her back to wad it up around her still cuffed hands. Her bare breasts hover over the hood for a moment before I push her down onto the car.

I stare down for a moment to enjoy the vision of her mostly bare flesh bent over the side of my squad car. Those black knee-high boots, her unveiled back, the rumpled skirt pushed up over her waist exposing her vulnerable ass are all almost too much for me to handle. Her pleasant musky fragrance drifts to my nostrils as I push up against her unprotected flesh. I temporarily rest my cock in the slight furrow between her ass cheeks as I ready myself for what I must do next. I lean back enough to place my swollen head against her drenched pussy. 

I wait an instant to savor the moment then push all the way in with one mighty thrust without any consideration for her comfort. She inhales sharply and her body stiffens. I remain still to let her adjust to my violent entrance. After a brief instant her rigid muscles relax and she lets out a long soft gasp. 

My hands reach down to solidly grip her waist and pull her ass towards me. I begin plunging into her. She is roughly pushed into the side of my car over and over as I pound into her. The deep hard ramming continues when I feel an unrelenting demand declare itself between my legs. With two final furious thrusts I withdrawal and begin expelling a river of hot steaming cum all over her exposed backside. I watch the droplets pool between her ass cheeks and then flow down the cleft to dribble down the inside of her thighs towards the tops of her black boots.

I am now satisfied that she has met her end of our deal, I am now ready to leave. I only have a few minutes left before my shift ends and I need to get ready to go home to my family. I reach down and pull up my zipper and I uncuff her hands. She stands and tries to ineffectively straighten out her clothes and hair. Without a word, she turns and gets into her car. I'm not sure what's going through her mind but I see that the mischievous smirk is still on her face. 

I get into my car to start the engine as I hear her car door close. I start to drive away and then stop next to her car door and roll down my window. She is looking at her face in the rearview mirror and again trying to fix her disheveled hair. She pauses and looks at me as she rolls down her window to see what I want. I tell her that I just want to ask one thing, "Who's car are you driving?" She smiles and winks and then responds, "I borrowed it from our baby-sitter." I nod once and smile and, without another word, drive away to finish the last few minutes of my shift. Thanks to this wonderful and wicked woman, this turned out to be a good day after all.