 As I sit here staring at the dim glow of a computer screen, trying to collect my erroneous thoughts onto metaphorical paper, I am unsure of where to begin my story. To start from the beginning would be too long, so I'll start from the middle.

My wife Julie and I have been married for 7 years. She is without a doubt a wonderful woman and caring wife. She and I were high school sweethearts, each other's first love and have been together for almost 15 years. Our lives have been that of a fairly standard couple. We both hold bachelor's degrees, earn decent incomes and come from loving and supportive families. 

However, for the last several years we have been trying with no luck to conceive our first child. Having been to fertility doctors all over the state has confirmed that there is nothing wrong with either of us physically, which has made the problem all the more frustrating. Through advice of doctors, we have been having sex the same way for almost 2 years now; the same missionary positions that are less erotic than you'll find in a supermarket romance novel.

This has left me, shall we say, unsatisfied. Sex is no longer erotic or fun; it is a duty required of me when she is most "ready" that amounts to nothing more than habit. Not only this, but the tension of the situation has almost boiled over, causing almost constant bickering about the littlest of things. Anyone in a long term relationship will know that sometimes when something just isn't right the smallest little inconvenience or misuse of words can blow up into a catastrophic explosion of emotion.

Because of this, my mind has been tortured. I've always been the person who's condemned friends who've engaged in infidelity yet I can't help myself looking a little too long at attractive women in the gym or walking on the street. I find myself being slightly flirtatious with the receptionist at work or the saleswoman at the car dealership. I've tried to pass this off as a mid-life thing, that is until I met her.

We were attending a Christmas party for a long-time friend (at least I was, we had yet another argument and Julie opted to stay home). Not long after arriving, while working on my third glass of scotch and mingling with friends I eyed an absolutely stunning brunette out of the corner of my eye. I turned and smiled at her, which was returned, and went back to my conversation trying not to make it seem obvious. It didn't take her long to get the idea and soon she was sauntering across the room directly towards me. Her seductive hips swaying side to side as she walked, barely contained by her tight black cocktail dress. As she came closer I came to realize she couldn't be older than 25, but her eyes looked as though she had seen more than her years. She broke the ice.

"Hi there" she casually remarked.

I tried to make it seem as though I had barely noticed her approach with a fake cough "Oh, hi how are ya. Do I know you? You look familiar."

"You don't remember me Tom? I'm Danielle, Bobby's niece." I almost hit the floor. Standing before me, doing terribly dirty things in my mind was the niece of my long time friend that I hadn't seen in probably 10 years. "Holy shit! Danielle? Really? The last time I saw you, you were playing little league. You sure have grown..." My voice trailed off, hoping my last remark didn't come across as sleazy as I thought it had in my mind. I tried to do the math in my head quickly. She couldn't be older than 20.

She giggled, looking downward slightly then back up at me, batting these perfectly groomed eyelashes. Her emerald colored irises seemed to pierce my defenses.

"A lot of things have changed since then. I'm graduating from college soon. The real world is coming soon, I'm a little nervous, especially in this economy." Her voice trailed off in my head. While one half of my brain was trying to remind myself that she was my friend's girl, the other half was being mesmerized by her very womanly features. Perhaps it was the scotch, but my good sense was nonexistent. Everything from her slightly curled hair, to her perfect teeth, down to her elegantly long legs was drawing me in like Odysseus to the sirens. Even her smell, I can still remember her perfume. It was the last straw that weakened my defenses.

"I see that. Don't worry you'll be fine if you work hard enough. Are you going to be living nearby? Perhaps I can give you a hand finding a job?" I thought I was so clever, posing as a helpful gentlemen while extracting personal information.

"Yes. I'm looking for a place on the cheap on the other side of town until I get my finances in order. Let me give you my number..." I was dumbfounded, but not too much so that I pulled my Blackberry out of my jacket pocket and handed it to her to add herself.

"I've got to get going before I'm too sloshed to drive, but call me anytime Tom, we should catch up." She handed my phone back, gently caressing the top of my hand as she walked off with a smile that could kill. I'm not sure if she was giving me a show or not, but I couldn't help watching her ass go from side to side as she did so.

Several weeks passed from the Christmas party and the holidays came and went. I found myself wasting time at work simply looking at her name in my contact list, spending hours debating with myself about whether or not to call. 

Late one night, after another emotionless romp with Julie when her temperature was right and the moon was full or whatever the hell the doctor told her to do, I decided to make a call. Leaving Julie asleep in bed I quietly crept down the hallway to my office, closing the door. It was almost 11 but remembering my college days, I was hopeful she was still awake.

"Hello?" I struggled to answer.

"HELLO?" She repeated with slight indignation.

"Hi Danielle, it's Tom." Her tone changed very quickly.

"Oh, hey there Tom, what's going on?" I had been out of the dating game for a long time, so foreplay was just not what came to mind.

"Not much, I was checking my schedule for the week and I have a few openings. I was hoping you could drop by the office and we could talk about finding a place for you after you graduate".

"Oh that's fantastic! You've always been so sweet to me. But isn't your office in downtown? It's really hard for me to get there during the day. How about you meet me at a bar?" This girl wasn't fucking around. My assumptions were right on the money. I hesitated for a moment before answering.

"...Sure. There are a few by the college. Tomorrow night? 5:30?" My voice probably sounded giddy.

"That sounds awesome. Text me when you're close. G'night Tom".

"Night..."

The following day was agonizingly long. It felt as though it took the full 8 hour day just to make it to lunch. I spent most of the day playing over in my head what I wanted to say, hoping to sound topical enough that she wouldn't think of me as an old man. As excited as I was for 5 to come around and as much as I was anticipating the evening, something strange came over me when the time finally came.

I reached forward to turn off my computer monitor and for the first time in what seemed like months I noticed my wedding ring. Suddenly reality had hit me like a ton of bricks; with all the time spent fantasizing over this young thing, I had forgotten who would actually be hurt by this. I sat back in my chair, questioning my own actions. Collecting my thoughts, I turned off my phone and drove home, realizing my error.

On the drive back I had a new fire for making my marriage work. I thought about all the things I could improve on, all the ways in which I could be a more sensitive and caring husband. I even stopped by the liquor store and picked up a more than moderately price bottle of wine to surprise Julie with. Pulling into the driveway, I convinced myself it was a new day for us. I was wrong.

Immediately after opening the door I could sense what felt like a cloud of anger and depression. Julie emerged into the foyer with an all-too familiar scowl on her face.

"You were supposed to be home 30 minutes ago. I've been waiting. We've got to get a try in today."

"I brought wine..." I was a little hurt.

"You know I can't have alcohol while we're trying to conceive. What if I'm already pregnant? Now come on let's go before it's too late" And just like that, the new outlook I had on my marriage was right out the window.

I followed her to the bedroom reluctantly. She has positioning herself in the very same position. I remember telling myself I still thought she was beautiful, but the lack of emotion in the room made it very hard to even think of her that way. I undressed and climbed on top of her. What we did was entirely mechanical and reactionary. After several minutes of methodical thrusting, my thoughts soon returned to Danielle. I could smell her perfume again, see that perfectly high and tight ass walking away from me. Soon I was fucking her, not my wife. My cock twitched inside of her and my thrusts became stronger, faster. I thought of what her young breasts must look like from above, bouncing up and down. Most of all I thought of how aggressive she was, how much she seemed to want me, what she must act like in the heat of passion, fucking with wild, young energy...

Before I knew it, I was cumming. It was the most amazing feeling I'd had in a long time. But soon I remembered it was Julie staring back at me. Her breathing was heavy and hair messy. I slowly rolled off of her and lay beside her. We sat for a few minutes with no noises but our breathing. She broke the silence first.

"That was...nice"

'It was the most energetic fucking we'd had in months and the best word she could come up with was 'nice'.

"Yeah" I casually responded. "It was very nice. Good night". I rolled over and tried to go to sleep. Part of me was saddened by the lost attempts to rekindle my marriage, only to find it was as dry and tasteless as I had remembered. However, the other part of me couldn't get Danielle out of my mind. I realized I was still hard. The thought of sleeping with that gorgeous brunette had left me more aroused than I could ever remember. Soon I was cursing myself for blowing her off, knowing how hurt she must have been. I decided I would make it up to her. I had to have her. With those thoughts I drifted off to sleep.

After turning on my cell the following morning, I realized how hurt Danielle was. There were at least 10 texts and a voicemail, all basically asking where I was or if I was still planning on coming. I waited until I was back at the office to call her.

"Hello?" She sounded like I had awoken her.

"Hi Danielle, I'm so sorry about last night, I had an emergency at the last minute" It was the best I could come up with. I suppose it was true from a certain point of view.

"Huh? Tom? Oh...That's..that's ok.. everything all right?"

"Yes, everything is fine now. I feel very badly about standing you up. Let me make it up to you."

"Yeah?"

"Let me take you to dinner. I'll pick you up" She paused and my heart skipped a beat.

"Well, all right. But don't stand me up again all right?"

"I wouldn't dream of it. I'll pick you up this Friday?". Julie had wanted to visit her parents this weekend. I had planned to tell her I had extra work to do and to go without me.

"Great. Thanks Tom." She hung up. Whatever moral inhibitions I had about my intended infidelity were no longer part of my mind. Whether I had convinced somehow that it wasn't wrong, or just no longer cared I don't remember. The only thing I can say is after I hung up that phone, I felt happy.

Friday came quickly enough. I gave Julie a stoic hug and kiss before she left town in the morning. I laughed at myself as I soon realized I had spent over 20 minutes trying to pick out which color suit and tie I would be wearing that day. It was if I were in high school again about to pick up a crush.

I ducked out of work a few minutes early to make sure I'd be picking Danielle (or Danni, as I'd been calling her in my head all day) on time. Cruising through to the outskirts of town where the college was, I relied on my GPS to navigate me through all these twists and turns of campus. I arrived at her shared townhouse and before I had a chance to park the car she was already on her way out the door.

She looked as stunning as I remembered her from the Christmas party. While no longer in a cocktail dress, her assets were just as revealing in a short but classy skirt, low-cut sleeveless top and high heels. Her attractive neckline was accentuated by a simple string of pearls. Climbing into the car, she gave me a big smile with her perfectly white set of teeth.

"Evening Tom," her jade eyes were as remarkable as ever.

"Good evening yourself, you look great. What kind of food are you in the mood for?"

"Anything simple. I don't like guessing what's going to show up on my plate"

"Fair enough" was my response in an attempt to sound nonchalant. In reality, I could hear my heart pounding in my ears. Not only was I committing a social sin, but it was the first date I'd been in a decade and a half.

I drove us to a quaint little Japanese restaurant. I thought I was being rather hip going to Asian cuisine rather than a cliché Italian place. We each took a seat at the hibachi table and enthusiastically cheered on our chef as he dazzled us with his skills. It didn't take long for Danni to make her feelings that much more obvious; I soon felt her hand resting gently on my thigh. I turned to look at her when this happened to be met with that same mesmerizing stare that had first captivated me at the house party.

Again my heart was pounding. My confidence was slowly building but she seemed to be in the driver's seat for most of the evening. Every now and then the conversation would pause and we would just smile at each other for a moment. For the first time I realized my attraction to her did not end at her skin.

After having far too much to drink and paying the check, we sloppily made our way back to my car hand in hand. My ass had barely touched the driver's seat before Danni practically leaped over the center console into my lap, took my head in both her hands and gave me the most passionate kiss of my life. I'll never forget the feeling of our tongues exploring each other's mouths. Unconsciously my hand moved down her back to cup her toned behind while the opposite hand ran through the locks of her gorgeous hair. As quickly as she had started it, the embrace ended. Her voice was noticeably slurred.

"Take me home...now"

I smiled and happily obliged, but she didn't mind tormenting me along the way by caressing her hand along the outline of growing member as I sped towards her abode. Haphazardly parking, I threw open the door as she did hers and we frantically made our way up the stairs into her bedroom. Clothes were being torn off as quickly as possible, leaving a trail from her front door to our awaiting nest. She turned on a warm bedside lamp to give me a glimpse of her body of absolute perfection. She sat on the edge of the bed facing me, leaning slightly backwards. Her pert tits were begging to be touched and I had no issue complying.

Standing over her, I gently laid my body on top of hers and guided her back down to the bed, kissing the nape of her neck and occasionally nibbling her earlobe. Her excited gasps let me know she loved it as I continued. Meanwhile her hand had travelled downward and was gently stroking my achingly erect dick. Soon I was moving down her body and lightly flicking her hard nipples with my tongue. She moaned and ran her fingers through my hair. I shifted my body position so I could continue my oral assault while I gently stroked her clit with two of my fingers. The response was electric.

"Yes! Yes daddy harder!!"

My cock twitched when she called my daddy and I had no problem complying with her requests as I slid a finger inside her now sopping wet pussy while my thumb still teased her clit. Her moans had graduated to screams by now and did everything I could to get her to yell as loud as possible. Without warning she broke my grip on her tight twat.

"Lay down on your back" Her breathing was heavy and I could see sweat glistening off of her immaculate body. I laid down as requested (or ordered, I really didn't care) and put my hands behind my head in anticipation of her mouth. To my surprise and enjoyment, she shoved her dripping pussy above my face and swallowed my dick whole in one gulp. I moaned in shock and ecstasy as she slid her velvety mouth up and down my pulsating rod. I soon realized I was neglecting my duties and shoved my face up into her cunt only to feel her mouth moan around my shaft in appreciation.

We orally pleased each other for what felt like hours until she suddenly pulled her mouth off my disappointed cock. Leaning back, she grabbed my head with one hand and shoved my face further into her snatch, begging for me not to stop.

"Oh god! Oh god! Don't stop! Please don't stooooooooooooooooooooop!" She exploded over my face in a torrent of juices that I gladly licked up as fast as possible. Soon I had to pull my face back and catch my breath, and judging from her body heaving up and down, so did she.

In one swift motion she reversed her position and fell beside me on the bed. I quickly hovered over her, placing the head of my cock at her cum-laced entrance. Gently I placed the swollen head just inside her warm pussy, feeling it grip me like a vice. Her young agile cunt was trying to take me aside, but I teased her with only a slight insertion every few seconds. After what seemed like an eternity I bottomed out inside of her, only to be met by her nails scratching down my lower back and another scream in my ear. Her hands moved to the top of my ass as I slowly began pumping my rock hard dick deep inside of her with slow forceful thrusts.

Sweat began pouring off of my face as I looked down to see her thrashing her head back and forth as my shaft pummeled her insides. I would have thought I was hurting her had it not been for the deliberate thrusting back she was giving me. The sensations were absolutely amazing; for the first time in years I was fucking with passion and not out of obligation.

I sat up and motioned her to flip over. Sliding my dick back inside of her from behind I laid on top of her back, my body contoured to hers, devouring the nape of her neck with my mouth and tongue. The feeling of my dick grinding against the wall of her pussy in this position was out of this world. As I heard her breathing begin to accelerate again I felt myself getting very close to the edge, moaning louder into her ear.

"Yes!" She squealed, "I'm on the pill. Give it to me! Fill my naughty pussy up!"

This was all it took. Yanking her hair back with my hand I bellowed a bed-shaking groan that was joined by her screams of passion as she once again exploded all over me. Jet after jet of hot cum shot out of me into her waiting vessel as I collapsed from exhaustion onto her back. I stayed there for a minute as my breathing calmed and my spent cock slowly began to slip out of her. I rolled over to lay beside my gorgeous little debutant. 

We lay there for several minutes without speaking a word, the smell of sex and sweat filling the air.

"That was...that was amazing" I finally said. Her response was delayed while she leaned over and rested her head on my shoulder, her arm draped over my chest.

"Mmm...yes...yes it was. You fuck like you haven't in ages."

"In many ways I haven't" I smiled. This was the last thing I remember as the alcohol finally took effect.

I awoke to the warm sun rays against my face. Opening my eyes I had that momentary panic we all do when we awake in a completely different place than we're used to. Smiling to myself as I recalled the events of the night before, I leaned to give my beautiful young lover a kiss good morning. Instead all I found was an empty half of a bed.
