 Him: In no way could he have seen this day coming, a roller coaster ride of emotions that he would not soon ever forget. His career could be in serious jeopardy, and he began to question his own thought process that led him to this brink. On his drive home he replayed that morning’s events over and over in his head attempting to find logic in his actions. An accident on the freeway ahead had slowed traffic to an almost standstill forcing him to simmer within his thoughts. As he sat in his idling truck he glanced to the floorboard and there laid that candy cane thong that played such an important part in this whole predicament. His head shook, and his eyes closed as he tried to fathom how he could allow his physical urges to make him act so out of character. Work had always been so important to him and he always made a point to play by the rules. That was, until today.

Her: The rest of the afternoon seemed to drag by endlessly as she tried relentlessly to concentrate on her work. When the clock read 5, she gathered up her things and headed out quickly to the parking garage and slid behind the wheel of her car. The cold of the leather seat on her bare bottom caught her off guard and reminded her that she had left her thong in Mr. Richardson’s truck. She smiled and wondered what his reaction would be when he found it.

Him: The gridlock gave him the opportunity to reach down and pick up her panties from the passenger side floor. He reflectively fumbled with them in his hand, and then began to twirl them around his finger as he recalled both the episodes in his office, as well as, their lunchtime tryst in the parking garage. As disappointed as he was in his compromise of business ethics, he couldn’t help but grin a little as the vision of her bent over his desk filled his mind. A honk of the horn of the car next to his startled him back to reality as traffic began to move. He turned to catch the fellow commuter’s startled reaction to realizing what it actually was that was spinning around on his finger. Briefly embarrassed, he tossed them onto the seat, hit the gas pedal and tried to blend back into obscurity. Try as he might he was not able to come up with a valid reason for why he was so taken by her. Perhaps there was something magical in those eyes of hers, something in that indescribable mixture of green and brown that had him mesmerized. The rumble of his tires driving over the edge of the shoulder snapped him back out of his drifting thoughts. “Get a grip”, he audibly argued to himself as he banged his hands on the steering wheel, “Get her out of your head!”


Her: As she eased her car onto the crowded freeway, she reached over and turned the radio on and turned it up. With the music playing, she found herself lost, once again, in the memory of the day’s events. She felt herself grow damp as she recalled how he had felt inside of her. Traffic was at a standstill and she closed her eyes for a moment and was transported back to this afternoon…in his truck. She could not believe how forcefully she had taken over. Pushing him back against the seat and straddling him, sliding her hot wet pussy down the length of his throbbing cock. The sound of a car horn brought her back to reality as she realized traffic was once again moving. She accelerated back into the flow of traffic, wanting to get home as soon as possible.

Him: Finally, he maneuvered his way into his subdivision, through a few turns and into his driveway. The garage door automatically closed behind him as he made his way into his house. He took a deep cleansing breath and drew solace knowing that he was finally home. In an effort to clear his mind, he immediately went to his cabinet, found an opened bourbon bottle, and poured a healthy dose into a large glass. He didn’t even bother mixing the drink, as he plopped a few ice cubes into the glass. The drink warmed him as it went down, and after a few long sips, he came to the conclusion that a nice hot shower would go a long way in easing his mind. He refilled his drink, dropped in a few more ice cubes for good measure, and headed to his bathroom. Stirring his drink with his finger, he made his way through his bedroom and into his bath. He took yet another long drink from his glass, set it down on the marble vanity next to the sink, and noticed how that first initial buzz began to overcome him as he opened the shower door and flipped the valve open. 

Her: She walked through the front door and put her briefcase and purse on the dining room table and absently sorted through the day’s mail. Kicking off her pumps into the corner she headed for the wet bar where she poured herself a glass of her favorite wine. She took a sip and closed her eyes, sighing deeply. It was just then that she suddenly realized how tense she had become and decided that a nice hot bubble bath was in order. She walked back to her bedroom, flipping the bedside lamp on as she started to undress. Padding naked into the bathroom, she turned the faucet on in her garden tub and as it filled, sprinkled some gardenia bath salts under the running water. 

Him: As the water sprayed in the shower, he turned to start to disrobe. At first he thought it was the effects of his drink, but looking at himself in the mirror there was something not quite. Right there on the front of his slacks he could see just a very small discoloration, not all that noticeable, but the light apparently caught it just right. Just as he thought he shook her from his memory the mental image of her grinding herself into his lap, her skirt pulled over her waist flooded into his mind. He quickly pealed off his shirt, flipped off his shoes and unbuckled his pants letting them all fall into a pile onto the floor. The steam from the shower beckoned and he reached for the glass by the sink, raised it to his mouth and drank what was left. As he attempted to pull down his boxers, the elastic band caught itself on his half erect cock almost painfully pulling it away from his body. Finally completely naked he made his way into the shower hoping the water would settle him down. 

Her: Standing in front of the mirror, she lifted her arms to pin her hair up off of her shoulders and noticed a faint mark on her left breast where, in the heat of passion, he had bitten down on her nipple. Her nipples stiffened into hard peaks at the memory. As her arms came down, she let her hands slide over her shoulder and down to her breasts. She closed her eyes and gently squeezed them, recalling how his hands had felt. Removing her hands, she opened her eyes and shook her head in an attempt to clear her mind. Staring at her reflection in the mirror she said out loud, “How could I let that happen today? How could I compromise myself that way?”

Him: He placed his hands up on the wall on either side of the showerhead, and dipped his neck down letting the water strike him on his scalp. Glancing down he visually confirmed what he already sensed as the water cascaded over his increasing erection and down to his feet. He grabbed the soap and began to lather up his arms and chest, his hands working down over his stomach. His memory betrayed him again, as he began to recall how smooth she felt as he slid his fingers into her pussy from behind. The suds ran down his body and as his hand slipped over the base of his shaft, he mentally felt how tightly her lower lips felt as he teased her with his the head of his cock. Placing his left hand on the wall, his right began to slowly stroke himself giving in to his unexplainable urges. It only took a few slides of his fist till he was now almost rigidly hard, pointing directly to the tiled wall. He playfully twisted his hand until his thumb found the underneath of his head, rubbing it from its ridge to its crown. Sliding back down to the base he squeezed forcing the blood to fully engorge his rod causing it to almost point straight upwards.

Her: She turned away from the mirror making her way to the tub, which had filled and leaned over to turn the faucets off. Stepping into the hot, aromatic water, she allowed her body to slowly sink into the bubbles. She leaned back and closed her eyes, letting the water surround her body. As she relaxed, her mind wandered back to that afternoon and felt herself starting to get aroused again. She let her hands glide over her wet skin, brushing over her pink nipples that were poking out from the suds surrounding her full breasts. Gently tweaking her nipples before letting her fingers continue down her wet body, she gave in allowing them to flow over her stomach finally letting one hand slip between her legs. She wasn’t surprised to find her clit already swollen and she let out an audible moan as her fingers slid over the bud. She let her fingers tease, circling, moaning louder now. Her pussy began to ache and she let her hand slip down further sliding two fingers inside.  She gasped as the muscles spasmed momentarily around her invading fingers.

Him: With his free hand he slapped at the showerhead diverting the spray from rinsing away the slippery suds. His breathing became short as his fist now began to slide across his full length. He turned and forced himself into the corner of the stall his back smacking against the wet wall as the strength in his legs started to wane, all the while continuing his now furious pace. Not having to worry about being heard he groaned loudly with each stroke, which strangely added to his pleasure. Each time his hand slammed down he envisioned her ass backing into him, his cock disappearing deeply into her. While his knees bent slightly, and as his muscles began to tense he could almost feel her pussy contracting around him. Soap flew against the tile as his feverish pounding tried to bring him to a much-needed relief. With his ass clenched against the wall, he followed four, quick breathy grunts with an uncontrollable drawn out moan as he finally let loose. As his fist slammed down, his back lurched forward followed by the first spurt of his cum released into the shower’s mist. Unable to maintain his balance he released his right hand from his cock and caught himself by dropping his elbows to his thighs. His soapy cock continued to act on its own as white fluid oozed out with each reducing pulse, running down its underside clinging to his skin.

Her: She let her legs part and brought her knees up, opening her legs wide as she began to push her fingers in and out. The water began to splash as her hand moved faster and faster between her legs. She brought her other hand up and began to pinch her nipples as she continued to finger herself. Her breathing was ragged now; her hair had fallen down and clung to her neck and shoulders. Feeling her orgasm starting to build, she pulled her fingers out of her pussy and started to rub her clit in a circular motion with her fingers. She continued to masturbate, water splashing up over the edge of the tub as her hand worked furiously between her legs. Just as she felt herself start to cum, she slid three fingers deep inside her pussy and let her thumb grind against her clit. As she exploded, she let out a loud cry that echoed off the tile walls. She could feel her pussy muscles twitch and throb around her fingers as she came. She bit her lip hard as wave after wave washed over her. With her orgasm subsiding, her breathing became more even and she slowly opened her eyes, and slowly came back to reality

Him: Exhausted, he attempted to catch his breath while he weakly reached up and directed the shower to his chest. He still leaned against the wall as he watched the water rinse away the combination of lather and his own juices. As the last bit swirled its way down the drain, he reached and shut off the water. He pushed open the fogged up shower door, reached for a towel and began to dry himself off. Still not completely dry, he plodded out of the steam filled bathroom and into the cooler confines of his bedroom. Noticing the flashing light on his phone’s answering machine sitting on his nightstand, he pushed the button. He began to vigorously dry his hair as the tape began to replay its message: -beep- “Tony, this is Wallace in Marketing from the office. Look, I need your input on which assistant you want to take with you for that presentation we discussed yesterday. Get back with me, as soon as you can. Thanks” –beep- 

Her: As she lay there, spent, she heard the phone ringing. Normally she would have jumped out of the tub and rushed to pick it up, but tonight, she let the machine catch it. She sat up with a start as she heard her boss’s voice on the machine. “Miss Henson, I’ve just received word that I’ll need to go to Boston for a meeting in a couple of weeks and I want you to accompany me. We’ll discuss the details in my office tomorrow.”

He had NEVER made an easier decision.