 Joanna tugged the hair tie out of her long auburn hair as she sank into the cushions of her couch. It had been a crazy day at the office where she worked in HR. She slipped her feet out of her kitten heels and curled her shapely legs beneath her as she opened her computer to check out Facebook. She didn't have a lot of friends, but she loved to keep tabs on the people she had met over the years. She lived alone, and seeing other people's lives through the screen made her feel a little more connected to real life. 

One of her favorite features was the memories post that popped up each day. She clicked on the little notification and smiled as she saw all her posts from over the years on her screen. The first post was a picture from Halloween the year before. Joanna loved the way she had looked in her Batgirl costume. A black liquid look crop top with the bat symbol hugged tightly over her large breasts and the matching mini skirt barely covered the curve of her ass. The mask was the perfect touch, emphasizing her giant blue eyes and naturally bee stung lips. She had felt so sexy that night, and she had gone home with a guy dressed like the Joker, which tickled her sense of humor. 

She scrolled down and a name she wasn't expecting popped up on her screen. Will, an old flame, had written some silly phrase on her wall years before. They hadn't kept in touch, but now she remembered the way he made her laugh and the way he looked at her like he had never seen anything so beautiful. They had only spent a short time together, and, aside from a few kisses, never went any further. "What the hell," Joanna thought, "I wonder what he's been up to."

Before she could talk herself out of it, the message was sent. A simple hello. The worst he could do was ignore it, and she would go back to browsing the internet. A few minutes later, when she was just starting to be distracted by something else, she heard a ping. Involuntarily, her heart lept. 

"Hey." That's all he wrote. But still, it was an opening, and she remembered the way his body had felt pressed up against hers as they kissed. Maybe he still wanted her too. 

"How have you been," she replied, shifting nervously.

"I've been alright, missing you." She couldn't believe that he put it out on the table as quickly as he did. 

"I've been missing you too," she typed back quickly. "I saw that you were back in town. Maybe we'll run into each other sometime." She was trying hard to stay casual, but just this short conversation was making her feel like she was willing to do anything to see him again. It was a mixture of lust and loneliness that made her type, "How about tonight?"

"Okay," he responded. "Your place?"

"Yes, I'll see you soon!" She couldn't contain her excitement. She rushed into her bedroom and tugged off her bland office ware and pulled on her sexiest outfit. A tight black sweater dress that was just a little too short and a little too tight to wear out of the house. As she thought of seeing Will again, she felt her nipples harden, and she slipped her hands over her breasts. When her fingers skimmed the buds of her nipples she moaned out loud. She could feel wetness start to coat her thighs. 

Just then, the doorbell rang, shocking her back into reality. Joanna rushed to the front door and pulled it open. Will stood there, looking even sexier than he had when they first met. The years had chiseled his jawline and broaded his shoulders to fit his six foot frame. He gave her a smouldering look as he took in her sexy dress and flushed skin. The electricity crackled between them and without saying a word he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her, their bodies intertwining as he licked and gently nibbled the exposed skin of her neck. 

They moved backwards into the apartment, never separating, as Joanna unbuttoned his shirt and and he tugged her dress over her head revealing the lacy black bra barely containing her breasts. He backed her on the couch and pulled the fabric of her bra cups down, so her heavy breasts were supported by the underwire. He pinched and pulled at her nipples and continued kissing his way down her stomach until he reached her sex. Her underwear was soaked with her juices and Will looked up into her eyes as he pulled her panties down and tossed them behind him. 

He teased her, kissing her thighs, her lips, and gently fluttering his tongue just above and below her throbbing clit. Finally, when she felt like she couldn't take it anymore, he wrapped his lips around it, sucking and flicking it with his tongue as she convulsed with pleasure beneath him. 

"Fuck me, fuck me now," Joanna moaned as her orgasm washed over her. Will stood up, unbuttoning and shoving down his jeans in one fluid motion. His erect cock sprung out and she could hardly believe how big it looked. It was seven or eight inches long, but thick, with a bulbous purple head that was glistening with precum. 

Will came up to kiss her, and as their lips touched, Joanna felt him push against her wet, sensitive slit. As their tongues tangled, he pushed into her with one motion and she gasped out loud at how full she felt. He pulled back and thrust into her again, roughly. She was so wet from her orgasm that his girth felt comfortable and as he started thrusting into her over and over again she felt another orgasm building. 

"I'm coming, I'm coming..." she wailed as he pushed into her again and again with his long, thick cock. Her muscles clenched around him, milking him as she came harder than she ever had before, and he moaned out her name as he came with her, pumping rope after rope of semen into her tight pussy. 

They laid together on the couch for a long time, and when they finally had the energy to move, Will looked into Joanna's eyes, grinned, and said "Want to go again?"

Joanna's only answer was a kiss.