 In our first part of this story, I introduced Jessica who took up relating her tale of being sex tested as part of her application for a big paying marketing job with a multi-national food company. 

At the unusual recruitment agency called Dependably Discrete, she underwent her sex test with the principal, Jason Cartwright. In completing the paperwork on her arrival for the interview and sex test, she met Jason's wife Karen, who was acting as receptionist that day. However, Jessica learned from talking to Karen that there were certain times when their roles were reversed and Karen became the tester and hubby Jason took over as receptionist. 

Karen takes up the story now on how their husband-and-wife business developed and what she goes through to test male applicants for positions that will involve sex. 

Karen's Story 

Chapter Five 

I can still recall how shocked I was when my husband came home one evening from work with what he called exciting news. Jason had been working for one of the large recruitment agencies and was responsible for a large group of clients ... big companies with large workforces so he needed a team of four working under him to cope with the constant flow of applicants passing through. 

Jase and I were only newly married - just six months before - so at that time we were still enjoying that rosy glow that comes with having a bed partner to romp around with every night when you both get into bed. But on this unique evening, Jason was particularly excited about a new project, so much so that I had to delay dinner so he could get it all off his chest. 

It seemed that he had been taken to lunch by one of his clients - one of the biggest in fact - that day. The company was a multi-national and the CEO explained that a trend seemed to be developing for some sales and marketing people in crucial roles to be using sex to win new business. This boss bemoaned the fact that he couldn't see how some of these ambitious sales people were achieving their ends because he himself wouldn't give them a second look if he were ever tempted by a sales person offering sex on the side. 

From there, he explained to my husband how there had to be a way for recruiters to move forward, possibly create a new branch business model, perhaps by way of a specialist agency who could thoroughly vet potential staff members who might be appointed to a position where some sexual interaction with clients could help make the sale. 

Within minutes Jason and his client were barnstorming the idea and out of it came the establishment of our own business - totally owned and operated by Jason and I - we called it Dependably Discrete. We had to borrow money to set up in one of the prime office locations and then there was specialist equipment to lease ... not just the usual desks and chairs for an office environment, but comfortable sofas and a gynaecologist's table with bits and pieces that slid under and moved and with a set of stirrups. It was thought that I should resign from my PA / receptionist job to join my husband in the business. 

But that night he first mentioned it the concept to me, I must say that I was quite taken aback at first, especially when Jason answered my prime question, "So how do you intend to test these potential sales and marketing applicants to see if they really could be effective as temptresses in business?" 

"I will have to have them role play, see how well they can come on to me." 

"Oh yes, and how far do they have to go, where does the role-playing stop?" 

"When I've fucked them, I guess." 

"WHAT?" 

So you can see that I wasn't completely sold on the concept of this new business that first evening that Jason outlined his plans. In fact, it was the first night since our wedding that I used the NO word in bed. I was still seething the following night, angry that my new husband of only six months would even consider starting a business in which he got to screw a lot of women. 

It took me quite a while to warm to the idea and I have to confess, at the risk of sounding mercenary, that I only finally agreed after seeing the business plan and saw the impressive financial projections. Yes, the lure of the big money earnings finally won me over, relenting on my objections to Jason having sex with other women because if the projections were correct, we could purchase the big home in the burbs that had been our dream since we first decided to marry. At our rate of saving so far, it would have been ten years to get what we wanted, but now we could have it all within twelve months. 

I must admit that first day of interviews when three young women came in to undergo their two-hour appointments - the first at 8am, then the second at midday and finally the last at 3.30 - I wasn't all that friendly toward them. That would have been jealousy on my part, suddenly having to share the man I married, who I romantically thought on my wedding day would be exclusively mine forever. And despite us having the office walls specially constructed with sound proofing, my ears pricked up several times, both at the sounds of a woman moaning in pleasure and on hearing the familiar sound of my Jason cumming. 

While the sound proofing was intended to maintain silence out in reception and we had boring music piped in as they have in some elevators, we also had CCTV two ways so that I could watch what was happening in Jason's office/workroom at the press of a button and he, in turn, could at his desk, watch what was happening out in reception. That gave him an opportunity to check out the appearance of the applicants from the moment they arrived. 

From the day the CCTV was installed, I had no intention of switching on vision from his office whenever he had an applicant in there but my pure moral intentions flew out the window as I watched the very first attractive applicant accompanied Jason inside. Within ten minutes of my husband beginning the two-hour interview, I had pressed the button and sat there at my desk in reception absorbed at watching my husband put this young woman through her paces. It was an odd feeling seeing my own devoted husband sticking his cock - thankfully within a condom - into this woman, watching them both appearing to enjoy the strenuous fucking. I knew the meaning of the word voyeur but I never expected to fit that description. 

It was only then, on that first day, while actually watching Jason do what our new business, and our clients, required him to do that I realised how sexually fatigued he would be that night after doing three women. He had promised from the outset that our relationship would not suffer at all from his heightened need to have an almost constant boner but now I began to wonder how he could possibly satisfy his fourth woman that day - me tonight at home in bed. 

I recall that evening vividly. With much hope but little prospect, I went to bed with Jason about 9.30. He managed to satisfy me with a pair of orgasms but lamentably his cock never fully erected. He went down on me, licking with precision. 

I soon discovered that three in a day seemed to be Jason's limit. If we only had two applicants in for their two-hour sessions on a day, then I would get a solid fucking from my husband that evening. But if he stretched his ability to see three women on the one day, then I only got the tongue. 

When we embarked on this business, I never considered equal opportunity ... sex-testing males wasn't in the business plan. However, we had spread the word about our specialist recruitment agency and one day, out of the blue, I took a phone call from a woman that was to change my life. Jason was in the midst of auditioning another young female applicant and I was as rivetted to the screen as I was most days, watching the performance behind the door to my left. 

The shrill ring of the phone was almost an annoyance because Jason was getting into a steady rhythm inside the young woman and I was leaking copious internal juices into my inner pair of panties. I had begun wearing two pairs of panties on days when Jason was interviewing to try to prevent my juices from seeping onto the crotch of my pants, slacks or jeans. 

I switched off the screen and answered the phone, "Dependably Discrete, Karen here, how may I help you?" 

Immediately, the woman's voice sounded quite mature. I had no idea of age, she just sounded a lot older than me and my peers. "Oh hello Karen, yes I hope you might be able to. I ... umm, heard about your business, about your ... err, agency for recruiting staff. I ... umm, have a need for a chauffeur who could also do a bit of gardening." 

"Oh, we don't do general recruiting, perhaps I could suggest a couple of companies that may be able to help." 

"No, I don't want referrals, I have done a bit of research and you are definitely the company that I need. I ... err, oh dear me, how do I put this? Umm, I think you said your name is Karen?" 

"Yes, that's correct." 

"Well Karen, I need a young man, I would think somewhere from late twenties to late thirties ... certainly no older than that. I did say chauffeur and gardener, but what I really need is for him to be a bit of a hunk, if you can catch my drift." 

I am quite open minded - if I wasn't, Jason wouldn't be doing what he does - so I shouldn't have been shocked by the inference in her specifications. Perhaps it was just that I had never thought of how an older mature woman may find a young male stud to revive her glory days. "Oh, we don't ... umm, we haven't..." I didn't quite know how to say it but even while I am trying to get some sensible words out to tell this woman that we only recruit women for sales and marketing positions that require the special ability to seduce, my mind is whirling around, asking myself, 'Why not? Is this another income stream that will help us get our dream home even sooner?' 

"Do you really need a recruitment agency of our speciality ... err sorry, what is your name?" 

"I am Mrs. Prentice," she told me, keeping it formal by not divulging a christian name by which I could address her. "Perhaps I should explain Karen. I found a young man to fulfil the tasks that I require about six months ago but while he always turned up for work on time and was quite good at driving my car and doing some gardening, he took quite a while for me to convince him to join me in bed and then when he did, he was an absolute dud. No idea of foreplay and came too soon. I had to let him go. When I heard about your specialised business, it was obvious that you provide the service for me to get what I want. Quite frankly Karen, of all three tasks, the priority for the right young man is being able to fuck my brains out ... simple as that. How hard can it be for a handsome young man?" 

I had to stifle a giggle at her quaint yet honest way of describing her basic need, "Mrs. Prentice, we may be able to provide a service to you but I will need to discuss it with my husband before I commit to anything. Can you leave me your number and I promise that I'll get back to you within twenty-four hours ... ok?" 

"Thank you, that would be very good Karen, I'll await your call tomorrow." 

I held back breaking the news to Jason about diversifying our business until we were driving home that night, "Jase, how are we doing financially darling? Is the income living up to the business plan you did with the accountant?" 

"Not quite honey, we had expected a couple of clients to be looking for more specialist staff than they have so far. That puts us a little behind in our goals." 

"Oh really! Well Jase, I just might have found a new income stream." 

"Is that right, I'm all ears honey." 

"A woman called me today, I don't know how old she is but at a guess from her voice I'd say possibly in her fifties. Wait until you hear this ... she is obviously quite rich because she's looking for a young man to hire as a combined chauffeur and gardener." 

"This doesn't sound like what we do honey, why does it have to be a young man?" 

"It can be what we do, quite easily. She's really looking for a chauffeur cum gardener in his thirties who is good at sex too." 

"Did she say that?" 

"Yes, she sure did. But her problem was that the last young man she hired herself was a dud." 

"What do you mean, a dud fuck?" 

"That's what she said." 

"But we don't do men, we only test out women." 

"So who says we don't do men, mister chauvinist pig." 

"What, you mean you want to..." 

"I'm not saying I want to darling, I'm just saying that it is a new income stream for us and it will give me a bigger role in the business. At the moment, all I do is move the pens and paper around and watch you screwing all the beautiful young women that come through here." 

"But Karen, would you be able to handle doing that?" 

"You mean laying back and letting some young stud fuck me so I can assess if he'll be alright for our new client?" 

"Yes, that is what I mean. Karen, it can be emotionally draining." 

"Oh really, do you think so?" 

"Yes, I do. And you haven't been in recruitment before, there's the interviews, knowing what questions to ask." 

"So what's wrong with me simply asking, 'So how big is your cock when it's erect, and can you show me please?'" 

"You can't ask that." 

"I was joking Jason." 

"Oh ... err, I don't know about this Karen." 

"So Jason, it's quite ok for you to screw two or three women a day..." 

He interrupted me, "It's not two or three every day." 

"Well it is on many days. So Jason, it's ok for you to be a married man fucking these women most days under the guise of testing their seductive powers. But heaven forbid that I should do it too?" 

"Err, well..." 

"Be careful how you answer that Jason." 

"Ok, well maybe we could try it, it will probably only be the one." 

"What, one stud to test or only one mature woman client wanting a young man?" 

"One client, I can't see older women knocking our door down to hire young male studs to double as chauffeurs and gardeners." 

"We could actively look for them." 

"No, I don't think so." 

"Jason, you promised this business would get us the home we want within twelve months, so if you're going to fall short of expectations, then maybe I'll have to take a more active role, starting with this one." 

I called Mrs. Prentice back the next day and asked her to be somewhat more precise in detailing her specifications. She told me she was 58 and her demands were that he must be at least 5'10", six-pack abs and a cock on the larger side of average. She said she wasn't too happy about tattoos but realised that most guys had tats these days so she would accept one with them so long as they were kept to a minimum. It turns out that she is a widow, lives in a huge mansion in one of the better suburbs. Her husband died two years ago and she has decided to hire a young stud because she and her hubby were sexually active almost to the end and she misses having it regularly. 

We received a dozen applications and I called each guy back to enable me to cull some over the phone. Mind you, I was not averse to bringing all twelve in to vet them but I figured Jason might draw the line at that. We lost three straight up, they each dropped out when told that the client was 58, said they weren't into older women. Three more dropped out because they expected to get free board and lodgings as well as drawing a salary. Mrs. Prentice had indicated that while she would like her new employee to stay over some nights, she didn't want him around all the time. 

Of the six remaining, I asked them each to forward a picture by email. Five of them obliged, even picked up on my veiled hint that they should send a snap wearing only jocks or boxers so I was able to assess their physique straight up. The sixth had been a chauffeur before and sent a pic of him wearing a uniform. Cute, but probably not what Mrs. Prentice had in mind. 

I forwarded all six pictures to my new client and she called back to tell me the three that she wanted short-listed. I called the selected guys back and explained to each that they would need to attend our offices for a two-hour sexual assessment by me. That didn't put any of them off ... although it did stir my Jason. 

"So I've narrowed the prospects down to three Jase," I told him on the drive home in the car. 

"Three? For which position is that honey?" 

"None of yours Jase, for my client. You know, for the rich widow ... a chauffeur, cum gardener, cum cummer by demand." 

"Oh, you're still going ahead with that Karen?" 

"Of course darling, I've booked them all in for their interviews." 

"Really, already? What did you say ... three? Do you really need to assess that many? I mean, it's just for a widow with too much money, surely any of them will do? You don't want to waste much time on them Karen." 

"And how many do you assess for the jobs you interview for Jase?" 

"Oh, sometimes I might have three, I suppose." 

"And the rest ... I've known you to do six for the one job." 

"Oh, maybe once or twice, not all that often." 

"Well, this is my first, I want to get it right. Who knows how many more of this type of customer we could get, particularly if we can find a good one for Mrs. Prentice." 

"What day are they coming in?" 

"Two on Thursday, one morning and one afternoon, and the third at midday on Friday." 

"Umm, well I might be away on those days." 

"What do you mean?" 

"Well, you don't need me around for that." 

"I always act as receptionist when you have your young women come in. I've sat through every one of them Jase, the least you can do is be on reception for me, make us look like a professional business. What's the matter, do you not want to see what these guys who will need to fuck me look like?" 

"Are you intending to go that far with them?" 

"Don't you with yours?" 

"Yeah, I guess so. Just make sure you make them wear a condom like I always do." 

"That's a given Jase, you shouldn't even have to tell me." 

"Just making sure honey." 

So as you will see, this expansion of our business to find male applicants for rich widows - well, one so far - was causing quite a bit of tension in our marriage. Jason tried twice more before Thursday to convince me that he didn't need to be there acting as a receptionist for me and my clients. But I insisted. 

I have to admit to being nervous as Jason and I drove to work Thursday morning. I knew I was quiet and I wondered if he noticed. I had butterflies in my stomach as the time approached ten, the allotted time for the first applicant for the multi-tasking job to service Mrs. Prentice. 

Jason and I had now been married a year but we had dated and lived together for three years prior to our wedding so it was over four years since I'd had another man's cock inside me. I had the longest morning shower ever, meticulous in my washing, lathering soap on two fingers and pushing them up inside me to ensure that I would be squeaky clean, even though I would not, regrettably, be feeling the taut hard skin of these guy's cocks as they fucked into me. 

I went to the bathroom to pee twice between nine and ten. Not because I needed to, but just to make sure a sudden urge to pee didn't overtake me while I was deeply involved in auditioning the first of these young men. I sat at my desk - well, what was normally Jason's desk but now mine for this role reversal - curiously waiting and watching for the first guy to arrive. I had seen his picture and he was quite handsome ... that's a bonus. But I had no idea of his height since I only had a head-and-shoulders shot. He's 32, single, has worked as a personal trainer so I guess his physique will be good, perhaps lean with tight abs. Oh, shut down those thoughts Karen, you're not supposed to be enjoying this. After all, does Jason really enjoy fucking all those women he interviews for jobs? He says it's often a drag, particularly when he needs to back up for three in the one day. Yeah ... as if! 
