 From the moment I left the adult store until the last few steps back to my hotel room, the fullness of the butt plug in my ass made every move exotic. It was like my own steamy secret hidden within.

It was intensely difficult to concentrate as I placed bets, watch races, tracked owners, and recalculated odds. The feel of the plug dominated everything. I seductively smiled at men, intentionally moved so that my blouse stayed as revealing as possible. For lunch, I even ordered corn dogs, smattering them with ketchup, so I could run my tongue around, and up and down them, as I imagined they were the soft delicious skin of cock.

I should have returned to my office, but when I got off the wonderfully vibrating bus, I headed to the hotel in hopes I might find Wade there. The moment I entered the courtyard and looked up to see his door ajar; I was swept by a new urgency in my desires.

Without so much as a tap on the door, I headed inside. Wade was at the table, on the phone, laptop in front of him. I closed the door, and then dropped my pack and my shorts as I walked over to kneel down in front of him. While he talked on the phone, I unbuttoned and unzipped his slacks, and reached into his underwear to pull out his cock. Holding the phone with his ear, he managed to get up slightly, and pull his pants and underwear down, freeing his semi-hard cock for my eager hands.

I rubbed his balls and shaft gently for a bit, then wedged myself in under the table and in close between his legs, so I could take his cock into my mouth. I gobbled down all I could fit and began sucking hard. My hands went to his balls and cupped and massaged them. Greedily, I ran my tongue rapidly back and forth along the bottom of his shaft, and delighted to feel him grow between my hungry lips.

Moving my hands to his shaft, I began pumping him and bobbing my head up and back as I fucked the head of his cock in and out of my mouth. As he somehow was still talking on the phone, I suppressed my moans, though my desires only grew.

Continuing to pump his shaft with one hand, I reached into the front pouch of my pack to pull out a rubber. When I pulled my other hand away to open it, Wade looked down and watched me roll it down his pole. I smiled up at him, and was glad to see he did not ask me to stop.

Wiggling out from the table and moving my legs around his chair, I held his cock and lowered myself onto it. Once impaled fully and straddling him, I adjusted my footing, and began to ride him slowly. With difficulty, I tried to keep quiet and keep moving up and down gently enough so he could still talk. I smiled and listened as he did everything he could to end the conversation.

Unable to keep my secret from him for even a minute longer, I took his hand and led it back to my ass and saw him grin when he felt the plug. I started grinding down onto his cock as he pressed the plug into me with his fingers. A low moan escaped my lips.

Finally, he managed to end the call, and tossing the phone aside, put both of his hands on my hips. Grasping his shoulders, I started riding his cock harder, groaning loudly. As I drilled myself with his shaft, he pressed his face through the large opening of my blouse and into my bouncing breasts. I threw my head back, pushed my chest forward and mashed down deeply again and again onto his pole. Every movement was so heightened by the butt plug.

With louder moans and increased panting, I continued to impale myself on him with abandon. He'd moved his hands to rip open my blouse and unclasp my bra. My tits exposed, he grabbed me under my arms and to my delight, stood just long enough to take a few steps over and lay me on the edge of the bed. He held my feet up to his shoulders and started ramming he hard, grunting loudly with each penetration.

"Oh yes Wade!" I shouted, "Oh yes, fuck me hard!"

Grunting even louder, he thrust deeply into me again and again. With my legs held tightly to him, I could feel his hips pound my ass as his cock filled my pussy. The power of his thrusts was intoxicating. From deep within, I felt the tingles start and rode wave after wave of delicious orgasm. When he yelled out and sunk deep, unloading into me, I rode a tidal wave of joy that shook my whole body and made me scream out in utter pleasure.

Focused on the lingering orgasmic vibrations, with eyes closed, I uttered, "Wade, oh Wade", over and over.

"Oh yes RT," Wade said, slowly pulling his dick out of me, "I was thinking about you all day woman."

I kept my legs wrapped around his legs and watched as he removed the rubber. He tossed it aside, and then collapsed next me. I moved in close and moaned when his hand moved to my ass and put pressure at the base of the plug.

"So when did you get this?" He asked.

"Let's just say you could not have teased me today about being chicken," I replied.

"Oh?" He said, letting his hands rub and squeeze my boob.

"May I ask a favor?" I asked.

"You didn't even ask permission to enter my room," he replied.

"That's because I needed your dick in me so badly."

"I see. Fair enough. So what is your favor?"

"I could really use a soak and I don't want to dress even just to go to my room. Do you think I could use your tub?"

"If you promise to tell me about your day," Wade replied.

"I promise. And will you help me remove the plug?"

"Would be delighted, RT, so long as I also get to put it back in later."

Wade was very gentle as he took the plug out. He even tended to my bath water and held my hand as I stepped in. It felt so good to soak, and even better as Wade ran a wash cloth over my neck, shoulders and back as I told him about my day.

"You were right, RT, nothing chicken there."

I laid back and put my arms over my head, exposing my breasts, hoping Wade would begin to rub them with the washcloth. "And I want so much more, Wade."

He dipped the washcloth in the soapy water, and then ran it down between my breasts and down between my legs. Rubbing my pussy with the cloth he said, "Like what?"

"Mmmmm, I'm not even quite sure yet, but I sure would like it to include you, if you are willing," I said, relishing the feel of his hand between my legs.

"Honey, count me in!" Wade replied.

"I'm so glad you stopped by yesterday."

"So am I. But... well, with me, you had JD there when we met, just don't take too many risks, let us know, okay?"

I smiled at Wade. "I know, I was pretty crazy today. But you know, I sort of needed to do it, it's like I wanted to step out big time."

"Just be careful some too, RT, whatever tickles you next, I'm glad to play defense."

"Mmmmmm, speaking of tickle, would you prefer to rub my clit or to watch me rub my clit? 'Cause someone is going to have to it since you have me all hot again putting your hand between my legs like that."

"Oh RT, you're a fireball."

I squeezed my legs together, holding his hand there, and began gyrating my hips.

He smiled, and then gently used his other hand to open my legs. He took the cloth away and his bare fingers began rubbing against my pussy lips.

I moaned and pushed myself against his hand.

"You know what RT?"

I just moaned.

He pulled his hand away. I opened my eyes and saw he was holding his hands out to me. "Come here," he said.

I put my hands out and he pulled me up. Dripping wet, he led me to the bed and had me lay down. He crawled in between my legs and sent a huge buzz through me as he ran his tongue roughly over my clit. Forcefully, he held my legs open wide as he pushed his tongue hard right onto my clit. I screamed out and bucked my hips, so overwhelmed by the intense pleasures of his tongue.

Panting hard, I began uttering his name over and over between moans as he rubbed his tongue roughly right onto my clit. I could not control my squirming and kept arching my back trying to get him harder against me. He held me down. I wiggled and yelled out in pleasure.

When he wrapped his lips around my clit and started sucking, I nearly lost my mind. "Oh Wade!" I shouted and bucked up as he held me down. It was like a wrestling match as I shook and wiggling and bucked uncontrollably and he tried to keep sucking.

Hitting an amazing orgasm, I arched and held my ass up, frozen in the pure thrill between my legs. He kept sucking hard as I yelled out again and again.

When finally I relaxed, he ran his tongue up my mound, over my belly to my breasts. He licked my nipples, then my neck, and then covered my mouth to kiss me deeply. I cuddled in next to him and said, "Oh Wade, you are divine!"

He smiled, "You are tasty."

"That was incredible."

"You want to do it again?"

"Again and again," I uttered.

"Okay," he said and moved quickly to once again plant himself between my legs.

Before I could even express surprise, his tongue was on my clit as fiercely as before. "Ohhhhhhh," I moaned, not believing the lust he was already again firing deep in my pussy.

He was even rougher this time and I did not hold back either. My hands stayed on his head, pushing him into me, while my body shook and bucked and writhed. He firmly held me down to keep his tongue on my clit.

I screamed out "Ohhh Wade" over and over as he so quickly got me back to the brink of orgasm. I grasped his hair, wrapped my legs around his torso, and continued to writhe in every which way as he sucked hard on my clit.

Again, I arched and froze, utterly lost to a powerful earth shaking orgasm. I continued yelling out his name as it shook me to my core then fell back onto the bed utterly exhausted. Eyes closed, breathing in ragged spurts, I felt his tongue run up along my body again, then on my neck. I wrapped around him still moaning, so deeply satisfied.

"My pussy has never had such a fulfilling day," I managed to say finally.

"The day isn't over Sweetness," he said, pressing his hard cock against my hip.

I just smiled, unable to think or form words.

"If your pussy is tired, I'm sure I could find somewhere else to stick this," Wade said, his mouth right next to my ear.

I move my arm down to grasp his shaft, feeling its girth and then running my fingers along the length of it. "I've never had a cock up my ass, Wade, and this thick piece of wood you sport is downright scary."

"Not going to turn chicken on me again, are you?" Wade asked.

I squeezed his hard member in my hand and said, "A woman has to know her limitations."

Wade chuckled, then let his hand move down along my side then between my legs, he skimmed over my pussy and rubbed lightly across my asshole. Massaging it gently, he said, "Oh, I'll fit in there just fine RT, nothing scary, guaranteed."

I spread my bent legs wide, my feet bottom to bottom against each other, and arched my back, loving the feel of his finger rubbing my hole. Still holding his hard shaft in my hand, I turned to kiss him deeply, welcoming his tongue. As sparks began again between my legs, I replied, "So in a way, I can be a virgin for you."

Letting the tip of his finger gently slide into my hole, he replied, "Oh yeah, in the best way," and kissed me deeply. After his long hot wet kiss, he leaned back and pulled his finger out of me. I groaned. Wade smiled, then said, "If we're really going to do this right, I have to run a quick errand."

I turned to wrap a leg over him and sat straddling his thighs. I looked down at his cock and wrapped both my hands around it, "How about you don't leave and we do it wrong."

He put his hands on my hips and closed his eyes for a moment and sighed. After taking a few deep breaths, he opened his eyes and replied, "I can't tell you how badly I'd like to throw you down and cram my dick up your tight virgin ass right now. Ohhhh RT, you have NO idea...but that said," he looked down to my hands around his shaft, "if you let me out of your grasp for just a little awhile, we can have a lot more fun."

I stared down at him, already thoroughly starved to indulge in him again. I wondered if he felt the same desire as I did, and with a flash of deviousness and weakness, rose on my knees, then scooted up so I could grind my pussy against his rod. My eyes closed, focused on the feel of rubbing myself against his hard-on, I said, "Are you sure you have to go?"

I heard him moan a few times as his hips moved with me, then he replied, "Oh fuck RT, how you get me going." After one more long moan, he grasped my hips, pushed me aside, and getting up from the bed, he said, "You'll thank me later."

"How about I thank you now AND later?"

He threw a pillow at me then darted into bathroom, calling back, "I'm going to freshen this tub, I want you to soak while I'm gone."

"I want your cock to soak in me," I called back.

"Down girl," he replied.

I smiled to myself and stretched out on the bed. I closed my eyes and replayed his words over and over about how badly he want to cram his dick up my ass. Dave's fingers, the plug, had felt wonderful. I couldn't wait to see what Wade's thick cock would be like.

I heard Wade moving around in the room, and opened my eyes to see him dressed and grabbing some things from the table. His eyes moved up and down, drinking in my naked body. Putting his wallet in the back pocket of his dark khaki shorts, he said, "You get in the tub. I'd put you there, but then I'd never get out of this door. Are you good with beer? Or is there something you'd prefer?"

"Whatever pairs best with the taste of your cock," I replied.

"You did NOT just say that," Wade stated.

I shrugged, and then headed off to the tub. I was looking forward to Wade running the evening, even down to the beverages.

I had no trouble filling the time during Wade's absence. I sat low in the tub, my head back against the wall and my calves up along the edges. As my thoughts were on nothing but sex, it felt good to keep my legs spread open. Never would I have thought just days ago that two different men would have their fingers in my ass ever, let alone in one day.

And though it did not come from shyness or timidity, I did still have concerns about Wade fucking my ass. Oh, I did love the thought of it, but he really had a thick dong. It filled my pussy full, and as much as I loved it there, I wondered if it might be too much elsewhere. And his words, "cram his dick". I loved that and wanted that deep carnal pounding, I just didn't know if I my ass could handle it.

Lounging in the tub, spread open, waiting for Wade, I wondered where my new limits might be. It had taken all my nerve to meet JD at the door nude. It was a last second urge to reveal myself to others, and it was like jumping off a cliff to invite Wade in. Even as I let myself want and get hard wild fucks, with each one, I just felt more and more hungry.

I took a deep breath, and rubbed soapy water over my burning nipples. Maybe nothing to worry about at all, I only had to let myself explore. At the sound of Wade opening the motel door, my pussy felt a spark and did a quick clench. An obvious sign I wanted Wade to help me in my sexual explorations.

When Wade appeared at the bathroom doorway, he was naked, with two bottles of beer in his hands, and a hanging dick between his legs. I turned in the tub, putting my arms on the side, and rested my chin on my hands, eyes glued to his wiener. It occurred to me I'd never even seen it like that yet.

He stepped forward to hand me a beer, but I ignored it, still focused on his dick, feeling so thrilled by it. When I finally did look up and accept the beer from him, I said, "Even like that...wow, a lot of meat to shove up my crack."

He busted out laughing. I took a swig of beer, and then stood to get out of the tub. He handed me a towel.

"Okay, dry off and come on out here, I want to show you my bag of tricks."

I reached out and cupped his sac, "I see all I need."

"Oh, RT, you are going to make it so hard to do this right," he replied.

I smiled and stepped forward to kiss him and let my tongue explore his, while my hand cupped his balls. Quickly heated in his presence, I wanted to wrap my legs around him and feel him deep right there and then. Instead, I managed to take a step back and replied, "You aren't exactly innocent either Wade."

He smiled slyly, then gave me a quick kiss before turning to head out, "Come along then."

I opened the tub's drain, and then toweled myself dry. For an instant, I looked around the room for my clothes. I smiled to myself as not only was I not sure where they were, but that I had no interest in wearing them anyway. I took another swig of beer and wandered out clean, damp, naked, and eager.

Wade had stripped the bed to nothing but pillows and bottom sheet. He was standing at the table that had a little cooler and a brown bag on top of it. He was removing items from the bag, but I didn't notice what they were, as I was more interested in how nice his ass looked. I thought for a second how nice it would be to squeeze it, and then smiled to myself, as there was nothing keeping me from finding out.

I stepped over to him and kneeled behind him. I grabbed his ass with both my hands and squeezed hard. His ass cheeks were as nice and firm as they looked. I stood close behind him, letting my hands travel from his ass to his hips, along his sides and finally around his chest and pressed myself into his back. Holding him tightly to me, I breathed in deeply, loving his feel and smell, and letting myself openly show my hunger for him.

He moaned, "mmmmm", then turned around to wrap his arms around me and return the grope. "You are one fun woman, RT. Lay down on bed, ass up, time to play doctor."

I cocked my head slightly, wondering what he had planned, but did as he said and laid down in the middle of the bed on my stomach.

He sat down next to me with two things in his hands. "Okay, what we all like best is lubed and clean. So," he said holding up the objects, "that is what these are about."

In his hand was a big bottle of lube and in the other was a squeeze bottle of water with long nozzle. "I'm going to lube you up then slip this in and fill you up to clean you out."

I nodded, surprisingly excited about what he just said he'd be doing. I let out a deep breath and moved around a bit to get comfortable.

"Yep, that's it, just relax," he said.

I heard the flip top of the lube open and waited to feel it pour down on me. Instead, he must have put it into his hand because next thing I felt was his hands on me. He started by rubbing the lube on my ass cheeks then gradually worked his way in closer and closer to my crack. I closed my eyes, happy to surrender to his care.

Soon, his hand worked only in my crack, rubbing up and down, massaging in small circles. It felt even better when he started working with just one finger, right over my hole, back and forth, beginning to push down more. When he finally did press a fingertip in, he slid in easily and all I felt was sheer joy.

Ever so slowly, he wigged his fingertip around in circles, then squirted out lube right onto my hole. He moved his finger around a few more times, and then pushed in further. Holding that finger still for just a little bit, he rubbed my ass with his other hand. It all felt so good, I started moving my ass around, as I wanted his finger to start moving.

He gave my ass a gentle slap and said, "Easy there, you just relax woman."

I moaned out, "Mmmmm," and stopped moving.

He slid his finger the rest of the way in, and then began rotating it around deep within me. It was all I could do to stay still. I kept my eyes closed and let the amazing sensations wash over me.

A few moments later, he slowly pulled his finger out and at the same time, slid the lubed tip of the water bottle in. It was narrower than his finger, so felt like nothing to have it up my ass. Then I felt the pressure of the fluid rushing into me. I was so relaxed and comfortable, the water flowing in was soothing.
