 Erotic Couplings seemed to best categorise this story but I need to warn there is an anal scene and a minor mention of some of the more extreme fetishes. 

Jessica's Story 

As I entered the modern downtown multi-storey office building and paused to scan the ground floor foyer directory to confirm that the business where I had a job interview in ten minutes, really did exist, I still wasn't sure whether I should be here. 

The original newspaper advert that I had torn out and still carried in my purse, was the most unusual recruitment advert I had ever seen. It read: 

WOMEN USING SEX IN THEIR WORKING LIFE 

We operate a recruitment agency mostly involved in appointing executive and middle management staff for a large client base. To keep ourselves and our clients abreast of current trends, we are conducting a survey on workplace practices and are interested in hearing from women who have either been asked by an employer to use sex in developing business contacts OR who have acted on their own initiative in using sex to further their career. 

We do from time to time have positions to fill in sales and marketing roles, best suited for professional woman aged to 45. While general positions vacant advertisements will appear in the print media and on our web page when opportunities come available, consideration will also be given to women who have completed our survey on "Women Using Sex in their Working Life" and who agree for their details to be retained on our database. 

We have successfully placed many professional career women with prior sales and marketing experience, and mostly with marketing degrees, in middle and senior roles in consumer products categories. We look very favourably on women who are self-starters, able to use their own initiative to assess developing business opportunities in one-on-one client meetings, responding to whatever situations they might encounter without referencing back to managers for guidance. 

In relation to the aforementioned survey, we must emphasise in the strongest possible terms that our recruitment positions do NOT relate to prostitution and women with past experience as sex workers need not apply, either to complete the survey or to apply for future vacant positions. 

Salary and expenses for the positions that we fill are always at the higher end and commensurate with the degree of responsibility that comes with the positions. We seek to employ only the most professional discrete women with marketing backgrounds. 

To participate in our Survey, please forward your current detailed C.V. with two personal references to be provided only by friends or colleagues who would know you intimately, to "Working Sex File, P.O. Box 69, Sydney West 2001." 

Why wouldn't a curious sexually liberated woman such as myself want to apply for something like this? What on earth could it be for? I had sent my C.V. three weeks ago, along with a covering letter expressing my interest in participating in the survey. I included two references although I struggled to select the second supporter and what to tell them to say. My first was a no-brainer, settling on my best and closest girlfriend, Kelly ... we'd known each other since meeting in kindergarten. She was shocked that I would apply when I first showed her the advert, although I think she had come around by the time she gave me the reference I needed to include three days later. She told me she had struggled to find the right wording. 

For my second referee, I figured that I needed the contrast of a suitable male but which of several I had either regularly dated or cohabitated with since becoming sexually active? I chose to call Brad, who I had dated for 12 months ... we only broke up three months ago. I was hesitant to give him too much detail about the job - not that I knew that much myself - but eventually he drew it out of me and I told him all I knew. I think that the concept must have turned him on. He was very enthusiastic and his reference suggested that I would be the hottest woman ever in a bed ... if that was so, why did we break up ... very flattering if a tad overdone? I was reluctant to include it with my C.V. but I couldn't think of anyone else to call on. He made me promise that I would keep him advised on how my application proceeded, even though we had not talked since the break-up three months ago. 

It was three weeks before I got a reply. I had almost given up on hearing from them. The call came from a woman two days ago, thanking me for volunteering to take their survey. She said that while they were still interested for me to participate in the survey, two positions in marketing had actually come up in the meantime, both of which she said I appeared to be very suitable for, given that they had read my C.V. I was asked to come in for an interview at 2pm today. It was now 1.50 as I saw that the business name, Dependably Discrete was indeed listed on the directory as Suite 2301 on the 23rd floor. I went to the elevator and pressed '23.' 

I stepped out on the 23rd floor and was impressed to see that the entry foyer of the business, visible through the clear glass frontage, appeared to mirror the business name ... it looked as conservative as your typical accountancy offices. An attractive woman who looked to be in her late twenties was behind the desk. I entered through the glass doors, and before I could say a word, she greeted me with, "You must be Jessica Randall." 

I nodded that I was and she thrust a clipboard into my hands and handed me a pen, "You will need to complete this paperwork before you see Mr. Cartwright. You can sit down over there," and she pointed to guest chairs, "it should only take you a few minutes. Let me know if you have difficulty in answering any of the questions and I'll try to help." 

The questionnaire was exceptionally personal for a prospective employment applicant but I began answering as honestly as I could ... Sex: female, age: 25, marital status: single. I filled in my responses to questions on height, weight, bust and bra cup size, waist/hip measurements, hair colour and shoe size. It went on to ask for sexual history and included some very personal questions. Had I had any sexually transmitted diseases, when did I become sexually active ... I guess linked to that was at what age did I lose my virginity? How well did I know the man who claimed it and did I still have contact with him? Did I usually orgasm during intercourse with a man and did I consider myself multi-orgasmic? It even asked did I squirt when I came. Then questions about my preferred sexual positions and it went on to ask whether I had experience with oral sex - identified by their medical terms, cunnilingus and fellatio, and did I swallow. The final section asked for prior experiences in anal, golden showers, masturbation in front of a partner, bondage, spanking, threesomes and foursomes. 

I tried to answer every question as honestly as I could and I wondered what sort of employer needed to know all of this stuff. I didn't object to supplying answers because I half expected something like this. After confirming a day and a time for my interview on the phone, they sent me this email: 

Jessica, 

Confirming your appointment for 2pm on Thursday 11th for an extended interview as a progression of your application for one of two positions we are seeking to fill for two of our clients. Full details will be supplied to you during the interview but as briefly mentioned on the phone, the successful applicants would take on a high-level and responsible sales and marketing position with either of these companies, charged with securing new business contracts worth millions of dollars to the businesses. 

Because of the large dollar amounts at stake, the successful applicant will be granted complete autonomy to devise and implement her own strategy to undertake to entertain and persuade potential male clients, using whatever means and wiles she deems necessary to achieve the goals set to secure the lucrative new business. 

To enable us to assess the applicant's ability and experience to utilise her feminine charms to the fullest, you should expect to have those said abilities tested during this Thursday's interview so please ensure that you allow a minimum of two hours at our office to complete the test. To put it as discretely as we possibly can, should you see any impediment to undergoing this testing (i.e. menstruating on that date or a confirmed pregnancy) as scheduled, please let us know so that we can reschedule your appointment. 

To best assess your suitability, we ask you to attend the interview dressed appropriately - both outerwear and intimate lingerie - as you would if you had already attained the position and were entertaining a potential client over dinner on this day. 

Yours sincerely, Karen Cartwright. 

Karen Cartwright, was this her, the receptionist who had handed me the quite intrusive questionnaire? And if so, she had just said that my appointment was with Mr. Cartwright, so were they husband and wife? Was this a family business and would he or she be the one who would test my sexual abilities? And what form would that test take? So many questions, I was nervous. 

Although it was an afternoon appointment, I had worn a little black dress, more suitable for evening, but one that was in keeping with the request to dress as I would be expected to dress if I were entertaining a client over dinner should I get the job. The dress was cut low in a deep vee in front and I did feel a bit self-conscious walking in the street outside from the cab to the building. 

The décolletage revealed a deep cleavage and a fair expanse of the smooth globes of my 36-inch breasts. Hopefully, they would impress Mr. Cartwright. I had had no trouble in finding some sexy lingerie to wear underneath because at 25, I loved to indulge in wearing some really sexy lingerie. I felt good when I wore it. I was confident that if the sex test entailed undressing, as I suspected it would, then what I had chosen to wear under my dress should knock him out. 

I completed filling in the questionnaire, proud to confirm in the last question that I had never had a sexually transmitted disease. I stood, handing the clipboard back to the receptionist. "So are you Karen Cartwright?" 

She smiled, "Yes, that's me." 

"Oh, so you are the one I spoke to on the phone and who sent me the email." 

"Yes I did. You'll be seeing my husband Jason for the interview. It might all sound a bit strange to you and probably quite daunting to come and have a sex test but Jase is a lovely guy and he will make you feel quite at ease. Believe me, this is all quite legit, we are a specialist employment agency that fills positions that some of the regular employment companies would not have the skills to achieve. We only work with women and men that are required for positions where they might be expected to engage in sex to achieve the job's goals in addition to having necessary professional marketing work skills." 

"So you fill positions for men too?" 

"Oh yes ... would you believe our biggest category for men is finding chauffeurs or gardeners to be employed by rich divorcees or widows. You'd be amazed at how many women create a job profile that requires the employee to be available to service their every need ... if you know what I mean." 

"Oh, I think I do." 

"I should assure you straight up that while the positions you are applying for carry a strong likelihood that you will need to have sex with a client, that would only be a small part of the job and we don't consider it prostitution ... certainly not in the way that the general public would see prostitution. It's just the way that some companies set out to transact big contracts these days." 

"No, I can see that now. Thanks for clearing that up, I must admit I was a bit nervous and unsure whether I would be really suitable." 

"Well Jessica, you certainly have the looks, so you're halfway there. It will be up to Jason to check out the rest. I'll buzz him now." 

Karen turned to the phone/intercom on her desk and hit a button. A male voice responded immediately, "Yes honey." 

Hearing him call his wife honey sounded quite ironic to me. This man was about to take me into a room somewhere beyond the wall behind for an interview and some kind of sex test that I imagined could possibly involve intercourse. All the while, his wife would be seated out here in the foyer, completely aware and accepting of what might be going on back there. I wondered if it was ever a strain on their marriage. Then I thought about the male positions that had to be filled and I guessed that that was when she got her turn. I wanted to ask her about that but the opportunity may have passed. 

"Jessica Randall is here to see you darling." 

"Has she completed the questionnaire?" 

"Yes, all done Jase." 

"Good, I'll be right out." 

Karen looked like she was about to repeat what I had already heard. "Yes, I heard," I told her, stopping her short, "Tell me while we're waiting, I'm curious. Do you yourself have to test the men in the same way for the chauffeur and gardening positions?" 

She gave a very knowing smile, "You mean do I have to check their sexual capabilities ... yes, of course I do?" 

"Oh yes, you go girl, that's great! Equal opportunity, eh!" 

She didn't get a chance to respond because the internal door off the reception area opened and a very handsome man who looked to be in his early thirties stepped out, "Hello, you would be Jessica, it is a delight to meet you." He was tall and thin, about 6-1 tall, with a fine head of hair, dark and quite thick. He wore a neat grey suit, sky blue shirt and coloured tie. I stepped toward him, having such a strange feeling that this complete stranger may actually have his penis inside me in the next few minutes. How did I feel about that? Well, my first thought was that at least he was good looking and appeared to be clean and well-presented. How could he not be in this sort of position? 

He offered his hand and we shook politely as if I was at any normal everyday job interview. Although I wondered if, given what I expected was going to happen, it would have been more appropriate if he had kissed me. As he ushered me through the doorway, I heard him tell his wife, "Of course no calls Karen. If anyone wants me, tell them I'll call them back after four." 

'After four, that's two hours away, is this interview really going to take that long?' I entered a room with surprisingly subdued lighting, bright over his desk but dimly lit over a long sofa along one wall and dim too over what looked like a medical examining table off to the right, close to the far wall ... what I noticed most was that it had high stirrups just like when you visit a gynaecologist. I wondered if Jason was medically qualified or just using the same equipment. 

"Please Jessica, take a seat," and he waved his left arm to point to the one guest chair facing his desk. He walked around behind the desk and sat down, picking up my completed questionnaire and began checking it off, initially in silence. 

"So Jessica, lost your virginity at 17, were you still at school?" 

"No, I'd just left but it was with an old school friend that I had known since I first went to high school." 

"Sounds like a coming out party." 

"I guess you could say that." 

"Was it painful first time?" 

I wondered how that question could possibly be relevant ... was it more to feed his curiosity rather than being essential information for a job? But I answered anyway, "Yes, it was a bit. He had never done it with any other girl so we were a bit like the blind leading the blind." 

"And you've had only four sexual partners all up?" 

"Yes, that's me! I don't know how that measures up for a single woman of 25, whether I'm average or a bit on the quiet side." 

"Actually, it's the right answer if there's ever a right or wrong in a job interview. It's the required average for the woman that we're looking to appoint. As well as including in the advertisement that sex workers need not apply, I would have preferred being allowed to say 'no sluts either.' But political correctness has put a stop to being that blunt! As it is, I am still expecting the feminist and gender lobbies to have a crack at me for stating an age preference, but it is mandatory for these positions that the successful applicants be of a high sex appeal age." 

He continued to scan all the way to the bottom of my answers, "Ok, no diseases, that's good. Alright, that all seems in order. Have you any questions about anything we required you to answer on this form." 

I was curious about the sexual positions and variations like oral and anal that one might need to have done to qualify for this position, but held back for now since he had accepted the ticks and crosses I had placed in the boxes alongside those.  

"Ok, now let me tell you about the two positions that are available right now. It really is a coincidence that we are looking to fill two spots with almost identical job descriptions. We haven't had to look for two at once before. Yet they are at different companies in completely different product areas so the two companies are not competitive at all and the two successful applicants would not be trying to charm - I don't know if that's the right word - but not trying to win over the same potential clients. In that both companies see a need to hire a woman in similar circumstances says something about the means that companies will go to discreetly these days to win over new business." 

"I think I understand." 

"Good, now one company is paying 150 grand and the other isn't quite as generous, only 130. Both offer company cars and a very generous and liberal expense allowance for entertaining your would-be clients. That allowance is to cover lunches, dinners, maybe the theatre or concerts if the client likes a particular performer or show, and also for hotel rooms should you decide the potential client needs some more private persuasion to swing his business over to you and the company. Not only all of that, but you would receive a generous clothing allowance so that you can always look a million bucks when contacting clients. The allowance to cover both fashionable dresses and intimate lingerie." 

I wondered if Jason had seen the eyes bug out of my head when he started mentioning the figures. I had not yet come across any position offering anywhere near those sorts of figures. I was currently training in a sales and marketing position with a small company and was paid only 70 thousand ... no extras. 

"I've brought you in for this unique interview not just because you're a very attractive woman and I am confident you have the feminine charms suitable for this position - and I'll need to check on that in just a moment. But fortunately, I saw on your C.V. that you're already training in sales and marketing. Excellent sex qualifications are fine but you do need to be good in that business area too. Both companies are ready to train the right candidate if they are a bit raw in sales and marketing but its an advantage if they don't have to. Now Jessica, I am going to give you these two dossiers to read and I'll leave you alone for about fifteen minutes so that you can absorb the contents. It is a rundown of each of the two companies and their product ranges and a job description for each of them. It is important that, before we move to the next stage of the interview, you feel that you would be completely comfortable working for either of these companies. If you have any doubts at all, then it would be best to express them and I will save you having to go through this next stage, the serious sex test part of the interview." 
