 This is a work of fiction based on a true situation that happened many years ago. The names have been changed for obvious reasons. Everyone involved in the story is—and was at the time—over eighteen. 

A shout out to OldNakedDad for being my editor on this. Your insights have vastly improved the story! 

It is an unusual story with a different ending. There will be more stories involving these characters, so if you don't like the end of this one, another one will be along shortly. 

**************** 

My name is Randy, and I was twenty-two-years-old. The Draft had recently ended and the Reserves were scrambling to get young men and women to enlist. I was on the leading edge of that mission as a recruiter. 

Charlotte was about five feet, six inches tall and, maybe, one hundred thirty-five pounds. She wasn't fat, actually, she had a nice figure—a very normal looking "girl next door." She'd graduated from a small town high school in a rural section of the state then came to the city to earn money for school as an au pair to care for two elementary-aged children while living in a guest room at her employer's home. 

******** 

I talked to Charlotte when she called our Reserve office. She wanted to know about the education programs we were offering because she wanted to go into the medical field. As we talked, she explained that she hoped the Reserves could help her with some of her training and provide extra money for school. 

We agreed to meet at my office where I could explain the entire program and give her a chance to meet some of the people she'd be working with, if she joined. When she arrived, I was finishing a task in a different room. As I entered the main office, I saw a young woman at the front counter, so I greeted her. 

"Hello. May I help you?" 

"My name is Charlotte. I spoke with someone about the medical programs you offer." 

"Yes, that would have been me. Please, call me Randy." 

Her eyes traveled up and down, taking in my dress uniform (and the rest of me). I'm almost six feet tall, weigh approximately one hundred eighty pounds, and I had the uniform tailored to show me at my best. 

Charlotte started to reply before she became self-conscious, stammered and trailed off. 

"I wasn't...expecting...I mean...someone so..." 

I calmly showed her into my office, held the chair beside my desk for her as she sat down, then began my presentation. As we talked about the opportunities and the expectations, Charlotte began to relax. Each time she looked at me though, her eyes seemed to dilate a bit. 

She slowly shifted in her chair and, each time she crossed her legs, a bit more thigh would show. Since it was early summer, she had nice, toned, tan legs that didn't need stockings. 

We got to the point during the interview where I offered to have her meet some of the full-time staff of the medical team to answer more specific questions about the program. As we walked down the stairs, she took my arm. At the bottom, she turned toward me. 

"I suppose all of the girls tell you how handsome you are." 

I smiled at her. 

"No, you're the first one...this week. I admit, I appreciate people taking notice because not everyone I meet is as polite and friendly as you." 

After the tour, we began the enlistment process. 

****** 

Within a few weeks, Charlotte was a new soldier in the Reserve unit. She was assigned to the same Reserve unit as I and we met again on the next Reserve training weekend. 

As her mentor, I spent the day introducing her to the people she'd be working with, made sure she arrived wherever she needed to be on time, and all of the things necessary for the first weekend at Reserves. During the morning, I noticed she'd been flirting with me, and I admit to encouraging it. 

At lunch, I asked. 

"Do you have any plans for the evening? If not, would you care to go out for dinner and a movie with me?" 

"Yes, that would be fun." 

Because my home was quite some distance from the Reserve unit, my family was used to me spending the night in the city. Charlotte took the bus home from the Reserve Center and we agreed to meet at her boss' home and start our date from there. 

For some reason, I took my parents' big Chrysler station wagon instead of my compact car that weekend. When I pulled up to her house, Charlotte was waiting on the porch. 

Charlotte was wearing a white, button up blouse and a pair of shorts that showed a nice amount of leg leading to her nice, plump ass. Her breasts didn't look to be huge, but they were noticeable and probably a B-cup. She ran down the steps and hugged me, I opened the door for her, and she scooted over to the center of the front seat as I walked around to the driver's side and got in. 

"Thank you so much for asking me out tonight. My boss is taking the kids out, so I would've spent the evening alone and watching TV." 

She squeezed my hand and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek. 

As she looked around in the car, she exclaimed. 

"Wow! This car is huge. I bet this would be a great drive-in car." 

I instantly knew where we were going for a movie, but out of politeness, I gave her the choice and the chance to confirm what I thought the answer would be. 

"Would you rather see a movie in the theater, or go to a drive-in? I know where there's a good one." 

She looked around and saw there was plenty of space and noticed the rolled up sleeping bag on the back seat. She snuggled closer and turned to give me a kiss. 

"The drive-in, of course!" 

I was sure her blouse had been buttoned higher when she got into the car. 

By the time we finished dinner and arrived at the drive-in theater, it was just getting dark. There were quite a few cars already there, so we wound up parking in the back half of the lot. We were far enough back from the screen that it didn't light up the car, and the neon lights from the concession stand weren't an issue either. In short, it was an ideal spot. 

As the previews of coming attractions played, we talked, snuggled, and kissed. At first, the kisses were very gentle and exploratory, but soon enough, her tongue slipped between my lips and our urgency increased. Our tongues tangoed and danced in each other's mouths as our breathing grew heavier. 

She suddenly sucked my tongue into her mouth, and my previously adjusted cock did a major leap in my pants, which I was sure she'd noticed. I returned the favor for her and sucked on the tip of her tongue as I flicked my tongue over hers. Suddenly, her fingers gripped my back—if not for the shirt, I would've had scratches and...we'd only begun! 

I began to explore her with my hands as I cupped the back of her head with one hand and pulled her deeper into the kiss while I placed my other hand on her chest. She kissed me with renewed intensity as I rubbed her breast through her blouse and bra, but she was unusually quiet? 

By then, most women would've been moaning—some not so gently—and giving me hints of where to go next, but the only clues were the facts that she was pressing herself against me tighter and her nipple was a firm point poking through the material of her bra. 

As horny as I was, I still didn't want to be the guy who raped his date, so I asked. 

"Is this ok?" 

She looked at me, put her hand over mine on her breast, squeezed, and whispered. 

"Yes, that feels really good." 

I began to gently unbutton her blouse for better access to her nice tits. She allowed me to unbutton it another couple of buttons, but stopped me just below her breasts and put my hand on her breast at the top of her bra cup. I dipped my fingers inside of the cup and found a suckable, hard nipple that'd responded to my rubbing and gentle pinching. I moved my hand to the other tit and started to give it some attention as she renewed the intensity of her kisses. 

I was feeling like a high school kid exploring his girlfriend for the first time. She wasn't resisting, in fact, she was "allowing" me to feel her, and her kisses were urging me on. I thought, 'How can I get my mouth on her tits? Maybe I can pull her bra up since she isn't inclined to let me take it off or to help me.' 

As I moved my hand to the band at the bottom of her bra to lift it over her boobs, the texture of her skin changed, abruptly. What had been soft and supple felt tight and thick...similar to scar tissue. I was surprised and opened my eyes, while still kissing her, only to see her tears were forming and starting to trickle from her eyes. 

I assured her. 

"It's ok. I'm not upsetting you, am I?" 

She blinked the tears away, and whispered. 

"I'm sorry, but I was burned in a kitchen accident, and I'm really self conscious. I don't like people seeing my tummy." 

As much as I wanted to get my lips on her nipples, I realized it wasn't going to happen that night, so I continued to caress her breasts with her bra still in place, and she rested her head on my shoulder as I played with them and rubbed her nipples between my thumb and forefinger. 

I moved my hand further down her torso until it rested on her thigh. As I began stroking her bare thigh and running my fingers under the leg of her shorts, she looked up at me and we began kissing again. I moved my hand higher on her shorts until it was at the crease of her leg and hips. 

After some gentle pressure, I felt her legs part a bit, so I extended my reach until I was gently rubbing and caressing her crotch over her shorts. She spread her legs a bit more and I rubbed two fingers up and down over (what I knew to be) her slit. Again, she shifted and her legs spread more. 

I took that to be a good sign, moved to unbutton the top button of her shorts, and slid the zipper down. She breathed a little harder as my hand slipped into her shorts, but over her panties and I began to caress again. I felt her curly pubic hair beneath her panties and caught her scent. I moved my fingers from side to side, gently opening her slit, and began to feel her wetness as I rubbed her lips from bottom to top and back down again. 

Suddenly, I felt her sobbing and immediately stopped. As I pulled my hand out of her shorts, 'Oh, shit! What did I do?' raced through my mind. 

Charlotte sat there, cradled in my arms, and sobbed. 

"Every time I go out, I tell myself, 'I'm not going to have sex', but it seems to happen anyway." 

"What do you mean?" 

"When I start kissing, it feels really good and I like it a lot. From there, one thing leads to another. I like having my tits rubbed, and it feels good when you put your hand into my shorts." 

"I love the way you kiss, and it turns me on the way you react when I touch your breasts and your pussy. I thought I was doing what we both wanted." 

Charlotte softly said. 

"It feels so good, and that's the problem. I like it so much but then feel guilty." 

"What do you mean?" 

"My step father used to do it to me. He'd kiss me and play with my tits and pussy...sometimes, he'd fuck me. I knew it was wrong, but it always felt so good. Afterward, I felt so guilty and dirty." 

Wow! Charlotte really dropped a bomb there. 

I asked. 

"What do you want to do now? 

I quietly added. 

"I don't want to force you into anything you don't want to do." 

Charlotte nodded and squeezed my hand. 

"Thank you." 

I figured I'd give Charlotte a chance to compose herself and decide where the date was going. 

"Let me get us something from the concession stand." 

While I was getting refreshments, I thought about what she'd said about her step father. It started to explain some of the things that'd happened that evening. I was prepared to forego having sex and dropping her at home after the movie, yet I was still holding onto a glimmer of hope that she'd want to get laid. 

After I returned from the concession stand, I noticed the back seats had been folded flat, and the rolled up sleeping bag had been opened up and spread across the cargo area. It looked as though our date would be continuing. 

The second movie of the triple feature had just started as we sipped our sodas and cuddled. I was going to take it at Charlotte's pace. Finally, she leaned back against me, stretched her legs out on the seat, and pulled my arms across her chest. She held my hands against her breasts as I felt her nipples getting firm under my palms. 

She turned her head a little and exposed her neck, I kissed it with the tip of my tongue between my lips, and then gave a gentle suction. 

She hummed. 

"Mmm! That's so sexy. No one has ever done that before." 

"I'm glad you like it." 

I moved my mouth along her neck, eliciting a sigh with each kiss. As I reached her ear lobe, I took it between my lips and squeezed. At the same time, she gasped with surprise and pleasure as I pinched her nipples. 

Charlotte turned further toward me and began to hungrily kiss me. She was suddenly in the throes of passion as I unbuttoned her blouse and pulled her bra up and over her breasts to free them to my touch. I used my fingers to explore her wonderful globes, to roll her nipples, and then tug on them as they grew larger and firmer until they stood as proud as a couple of pencil erasers. 

It was clear that Charlotte enjoyed what I was doing to her as much as I did. Her legs had spread—one was off of the edge of the seat—as she pressed herself back against my very obvious erection. I moved one hand to the gap between her thighs. 

Charlotte gasped. 

"Oh!" 

Then, as I continued to rub, she whimpered and pressed my hand tighter against her mound. 

I gestured toward the back seats. 

"We can be more comfortable." 

Charlotte reclined the backrest on the passenger seat and crawled into the back area of the station wagon, as gracefully as anyone could while being so aroused, and I followed. Her blouse was hanging open and her tits were exposed below her bra band. She quickly reached around, unfastened her bra clasp, removed it, and then buttoned her blouse up to below her breasts. 

We eagerly began to kiss again and our tongues probed each other's mouths as if they were cocks, tasted, and wrestled. We were panting by then, and the windows were well on their way to being totally fogged over, which gave us more privacy. 

When my lips found her exposed breast and latched onto her nipple, Charlotte exclaimed. 

"Oh, yes!" 

As I increased the suction, she pushed her breast into my mouth for more attention and whimpered with each suck as she began to unbutton my shirt to caress my chest and play with my nipples. 

As I sucked and squeezed her breast as a baby would nurse, she pulled my head tightly to it as another gasp and sigh followed. 

"Ah!" 

Meanwhile, I unfastened her shorts, again, and opened the front so her panties were fully exposed. That time, instead of simply rubbing her over her panties, I pushed my hand inside of them and felt her soft, damp curls as my hand cupped her sex.  

As she pressed her chest into my mouth and her hips against my hand, a moan escaped her lips and into my ear. 

"Oh! Mmm!" 

I felt her wetness as I rubbed and massaged her mound, probed her slit, and spread juices over her clit. 

With every motion of my fingers, she moaned. 

"Oh! Ah! Ah!" 

Charlotte seemed to be in a rush to expose me as she fumbled with my pants. After she unfastened my belt and button before unzipping my pants and pushing them down, she grasped my huge, engorged cock. 

She gasped. 

"How big is it? It feels huge!" 

She rubbed her finger across my purple head and felt the precum that coated it in anticipation of her very wet, tight passage. 

As she stroked the length of it and rubbed the precum all over the plum colored head, I answered. 

"About seven inches." 

She sounded as if she was suddenly rushing to get me inside of her, though I didn't think she was that close to cumming. 

"I want to make love to you! Please, I need you now!" 

She pushed her shorts and panties down and kicked them off with one swift motion and then finished tugging my pants and underwear off. We were both naked from the waist down, all pretense of foreplay was gone, and we were both ready to fuck. 

As Charlotte raised her arms above her head, with her legs spread and raised at a ninety degree angle, I lined my cock up and pushed into her. I was surprised that I slipped in all of the way, until my balls rubbed against her ass, so easily. 

Suddenly, she was like a fuck doll while she laid there as I thrust into her. I was surprised she didn't push back or try to meet my thrusts. She'd gone completely quiet, as well, other than her audible breathing—no moaning or whimpering—as I stuffed my cock into her warm, wet folds again and again. I increased my pace as I felt my pleasure build. 

Suddenly, Charlotte's pussy clamped down on me like a vice, released, and clamped again several times—all without a sound from her! She provided more friction as I slammed into her, and I sensed I was getting close. I wasn't quite there, yet, so I slowed my thrusts to see if I could make her to cum again. 

Charlotte didn't disappoint me. Within a few minutes, she repeated the clamp and release climax. That time, I climaxed with her and felt my cum racing down my cock to spurt into her. Each spurt coincided with one of her clamp and release cycles as she drained my cock. 

I collapsed on top of her and panted. After about thirty seconds, I began to stroke again, but she pushed me off of her. 

"We better get dressed before someone catches us." 

She reached for her panties and shorts, pulled them on before putting her bra on, and buttoned her blouse. After we'd pulled our clothes back on, we climbed back onto the front seat of the car, and she snuggled next to me with her hand on my lap and her head on my shoulder as we left the drive-in. 

I suggested. 

"Shall we go to my motel for the night and continue where we left off?" 

"I don't have a change of clothes, and I can't go to Reserves in these clothes." 

We drove back to her home and arrived just before midnight. 

"Why don't you grab a change for tomorrow so we can continue?" 

My cock was in agreement and started to stiffen at the thought. 

"I don't want the family to get up tomorrow and find I'm not here, but thanks, I had a fun time tonight. Let's get together, again." 

I went around the car, opened her door, and walked her to the front door before she kissed me goodnight and let herself in. 

Was there a second date? What was going on with her? Stay tuned...