 You picked me up from work, one of our normal lunchtime meetings, although neither of us knew it. This was going to be completely different. We got our food, and went back to the house, I noticed that you were wearing your long brown coat, and wondered what was underneath. We walked into the house, and I went into the kitchen, to get plates and cutlery. You went upstairs to the loo, and as I walked back into the lounge, you were nearly at the bottom of the stairs. I quickly took in your outfit, red cardigan, pink, mid-thigh, skirt, and black shoes. Very nice I thought. We ate our lunch and talked of inconsequential things as we listened to classical music on the TV.

We sat on the sofa next to each other, the remains of our lunch still on the table. Nothing was said, we were happy in each other’s company. The silence stretched, but was not uncomfortable, we were happy to sit there. I stood up and collected the plates, and walked to the kitchen, “I’m afraid I can’t offer you anything for pudding.” I said. 

Your sweet, sultry, soprano voice lilted as you replied. “Well that’s not very good is it?” We laughed.

I walked back into the lounge, and stood for a few seconds staring at you. I looked at your shoes, black with a small heel, and my eyes travelled up your shapely legs, over your knees, until the fantastic view was interrupted by your attractive pink skirt, which reached to about mid thigh. I was in heaven, you looked incredibly horny, and I just wanted to jump on you, and ravish you. I stayed in control, and continued my visual journey over your gorgeous body. I had reached the top of your skirt, which had the bottom of your red cardigan over it, the bottom button undone. My eyes continued to move upward, noticing the slight gaping of the buttons as the cardigan stretched itself over your magnificent breasts, allowing a little view of flesh, but nothing more. My eyes lingered for a few seconds, and then reached your face, framed by your shoulder length blonde hair, your blue/grey eyes looking sad, and your visage pale through lack of sleep and stress. You looked so helpless and needy, my heart almost broke, and it was almost too much for me to bear.

I sat down, my heart filled with love, but my mind clouded by lust.

We continued to make small talk, and my right hand found yours. We gripped each other, like the world was about to end. I could feel your pulse as we held hands. My heart began to race, as vivid images raced through my head. I looked at you, seeing once again the sadness in your eyes. The sparkle was still there, but it was buried, could I bring it back?

You were slumped on the sofa, your head propped on the arm, your body flat. Our hands were resting on your flat stomach. I sat up, and rested my left hand on your stomach, and slid it between the buttons onto your warn pliant flesh. You moaned as I began to gently caress your silky skin. Emboldened by the fact you had not pushed my hand away, I slowly undid several more of the lower buttons, and exposed your creamy skin to my sight. I leant over you, and began to kiss the newly exposed skin, brushing it gently with my lips. You let out a little gasp of pleasure, mixed with panic as you began to respond to my ministrations.

My lips continued to caress your silky flesh, as my hands began to undo the remaining buttons on your cardigan, sliding the offending article off your body. I lay my head on your warm stomach, and look up at your face, your eyes half closed, your lips half open. Your stomach moves in time to your increased breathing, your breasts rising and falling in front of me, only covered by the flimsy material of your gorgeous lacy cream bra. I could just make out the darker area of your areola, and your hardening nipples. I locked my eyes on yours and stared deeply into them. You smiled and the world was suddenly a brighter place. We both knew that what I had started was wrong, but there was nothing either of us wanted more than to carry on. Your hands began to caress my back as I stared to kiss my way up your body. I kissed gently over your, cloth covered, breasts, feeling your nipples harden, even more as I linger over each of them. I continue up, leaving a snaking trail of kisses over your chest, shoulders and neck as I make my way to your waiting mouth.

Our lips met in a sizzling kiss, electricity seemed to fizz through my veins, making all the hairs on my neck stand up. Our tongues duelled for supremacy, both of them in my mouth, and then both in yours. Our saliva mixed together in a cocktail of lust. Your hands were not idle as we continue our oral battle, running up and down my back, pulling my t-shirt up, and touching the bare skin. I shivered as I felt your hands stroking my back, and almost went into orbit as I felt your cool hands on my bare skin. It was like being stroked with a silk glove, erotic and tingly all at the same time. I broke away from our kiss, and stared into your eyes and said. “Are you ok with this babe? We can stop now before we go too far.” You whisper, “It’s already too late, I need this.”

Our lips meet again, this time the kiss is deep and tender. My hands begin to explore once more, sliding slowly up and down your flanks, and then sliding between our bodies to gently cup and squeeze your breasts. You shudder as I knead your breasts, gasping into my mouth as my thumbs rub over your erect, and sensitive, nipples. I break from the kiss, and trail my tongue over your cheek, nestling my face into your hair, my tongue flicking your earlobe. You begin to giggle as my tongue snakes it’s way into your ear, “Stop it, it tickles!” you chuckle.

“No way babe,” I say, “I’m going to keep going until you are a gooey mess on the floor. Then I’m going to slowly remove all your clothes, and then you and I are going to fuck like bunnies until it’s time for you to go home. How does that sound?”

In response to my words, you squirm a bit more, and as my tongue begins to tickle your neck, you begin to giggle louder and faster, your body thrashes about, trying to throw me off. I hold on, and begin to tickle the rest of your receptive body with my fingers while my tongue continues it’s fiendish work. You give up fighting and totally relax, I feel your body begin to convulse as laughter replaces the giggles. It sounds like you are in pain. I pull you gently onto the floor, and continue my ministrations. You throw your arms round me, and pull me down on top of you.

“No more babe, please.” You whisper. “Undress me, and do all the things you want to do, and all the things I want you to do, I’m ready, willing and able. I’ve been waiting a long time, and now I don’t want to wait anymore.”

Staring into your eyes, I fall in love with you all over again, you need me and I need you, nothing else matters.

I slide my hands round to your back, you lift yourself up off the floor, giving me better access, as I quickly undo your cream bra. I slowly pull the bra off, revealing your breasts to my eyes for the first time. I smile, as I see them, thinking that they are nicer than I had imagined. Throwing your bra to one side, I lower my head to kiss each of your breasts, planting kiss after kiss over the soft flesh. I take each nipple into my mouth, feeling the hardness as I suck and nibble. I hear you moan as I gently play with each nipple, taking care to spend equal time on each. I feel like the cat that just got the cream. Your body reacts to my work, your nipples becoming even harder, and you arch your back, pushing your breasts into my face. I continue to kiss and caress your breasts, exploring every millimetre of their beautiful surface.

I feel your hands pulling my t-shirt up, and lift my head up so that you can complete its removal. With my t-shirt gone, I lean forward, and once more kiss your lips, this time lying down on top of you, so that my chest comes into contact with yours. I groan with delight as your breasts brush against mine, feeling your hard nipples rubbing against my chest. I kiss you harder as I feel your hands slide down my back, and inside my loose trousers, grasping my arse, and pulling me tight against you. I press my groin into yours, knowing that you will be able to feel my erect cock pressing against your pubic mound. We begin a rhythmic grinding, as our lips stay joined together. You slowly lift you legs, spreading them as wide as you can, allowing my groin to slide further down your body, until my erection is pressing on your clitoris. You moan into my mouth as I begin to rub my hard cock over your cloth-covered clit.

I roll off you, and stare at your half naked body, and say, “Shall we stay here or would you like to go upstairs?”

You look at me, a huge smile on your face, and reply, “I think that since we’ve got this far here, we may as well carry on here.”

I laugh, and slide my left hand, which had been cupping your right breast, down your body, and over your skirt. I reach the bottom of the skirt, and begin to move my hand upwards, dragging the skirt with it. Your skin feels like silk, and as my hand gets higher, the skin gets warmer. I marvel at its smooth texture, and think that I could stroke your silky warm skin all day.

“Let’s get out of the rest of our clothing, that way, we can explore each other a little easier.” You say, rolling onto your side.

“I think that is a fantastic idea, just let me close the curtains so no-one can look in.” I reply.

I stand up, and move to the window. As I draw the curtains, I wonder what this afternoon will do to our friendship. Dismissing the thought as something to worry about later, I turn round, and gasp. While I was closing the curtains, you have removed the skirt and shoes you were still wearing. As I watch, you pull off your cream g-string, and throw it on top of the bra. I notice that the panties and bra match, and marvel at how when faced with the gorgeousness of your naked body, I can notice such inconsequential issues.

You look at me, a little glint in your eye, and say, “Well I’m naked, now it’s time that you were too.”

Giving me no chance to do anything other than kick off my shoes, you kneel down, and grab the waistband of my trousers, pulling me toward you. As my crotch bumps against your face, you look up at me, and smile. With nimble fingers, you reach for the zip, and slowly, tantalizingly pull it down. As the zip reaches the bottom, you reach inside, and grab my straining cock, running your hand slowly up and down. I groan in pleasure as your hand begins to caress my hot hard cock.

While one hand plays with my cock, the other undoes the popper on my trousers, and releases them. As they hit the floor, I step out of them, and kick them to one side. My cock strains against the confines of my boxers, as you continue to rub it. I close my eyes, and try to concentrate on not cumming, as you continue to play with my hard, sensitive, cock. I feel you release it, and then your hands slowly pull my boxers down. I open my eyes, and watch your face as you release my cock from its cloth prison. You gasp as it comes into view, and quickly pull my boxers to the floor.

You run your hands back up the outside of my legs, I shiver, and then you lean forward, and kiss the head of my cock. I gulp as my cock jerks away from your kiss, and then springs back to tap you on the lips. You smile, your eyes meeting mine as you slowly engulf the head with your mouth. I sigh as I feel your mouth slowly covering my cock head, the heat is fantastic, and my knees feel like jelly already, and you have only just started. I watch as you begin to slide up and down my shaft, your cheeks sunken as you suck, trying to turn me inside out through my cock.

Your eyes lock onto mine as you continue to suck my cock. Your hands begin to play with my balls, gently rolling and squeezing them, heightening my pleasure. My hips begin to move of their own accord, as I start to thrust my cock into your hot wet mouth. I look down, and see that you are smiling as your mouth gets filled with my cock. I feel my cock begin to spasm, and know that I won’t be able to stop soon. “I’m almost cumming,” I gasp, “you’d better stop before it’s too late.”

You pull my cock out of your mouth, and say, “There’s no way I’m stopping now, I’m enjoying myself. Anyway, I’m sure you’ll recover in time for other things!”

You mouth once again closes over my cock, the heat and moisture are exquisite. My body responds, and my heart begins to beat faster. You hand begins to wank my cock, while your tongue swirls round the head, flicking inside the hole, licking off the pre-cum, which is slowly oozing out. I feel my cock stiffen even more, and know that I’m about to cum. I try to hold back, so that I can continue to feel the pleasure you are giving me, but it is no use, my body’s natural reaction to your fantastic stimulation, takes over.

My eyes close, my mouth opens, and my body begins to tremble, as I feel my spunk flow from my balls, up the length of my cock, and come bursting from the tip, coating the inside of your mouth with spurt after spurt of cum. Your mouth tightens its grip on my cock, as you feel my spunk spraying from the tip. You try to swallow, but need to release your grip slightly before you can manage it. As your limpet grip loosens, a small drop of spunk escapes, sliding its way down my cock. You continue to swallow, sucking harder as the spurting eruptions subside. Your tongue snakes out, cleaning my cock, sliding down, and capturing the spunk that escaped, and swallowing the last little bit. I open my eyes, and look down at you.

“That was just awesome,” I croak, “what can I say, other than, fucking hell.” You smile, and lick your lips.

I lean over, and taking hold of your hands lift you slowly off the floor, until we are standing face to face. I lean forward, and kiss you, my tongue pushing into your mouth. You sigh, and melt into me, once again I feel your breasts pressing against me, your hard nipples poking into my chest. I run my hands over your back, and down to the swell of your buttocks. I slide my hands over the firm warm flesh of your, shapely bum, gripping each globe gently and pulling you tight against me.

I break our kiss, and begin to work my mouth over your cheek, and down onto your neck. You quiver as my kisses reach your sensitive neck, and I suck and lick all round. Your hands rub the back of my head, pulling my lips tight to your neck. I continue to kiss, moving lower, kissing over your chest, and breasts. Sucking each nipple into my mouth, and gently biting and pulling. I feel your nipples harden, and you pull my head tighter to you as I flick each responsive nipple with my hard tongue. I hear you moaning as I work on your nipples, and know that you are enjoying the attention. My hands continue their work, kneading and squeezing your bum. My fingers sliding down the crease between the cheeks.

I leave your breasts, and continue kissing my way south. I plant a kiss on each centimetre of your skin, loving the silky texture, and the warmth. I reach your belly, and swirl my tongue around your belly button, before plunging into it. You squirm as I slide my tongue into your belly button, but I hold onto your bum, not letting you go. I continue to slide further down, my tongue eventually encountering the first wispy blonde pubic hairs.

I can smell your sweet musk, and know that you are very turned on and excited. I move a little lower, allowing my tongue to slide between your legs. Your arousal is plain to see, as the neatly trimmed hair allows me to see your puffy outer lips, which are engorged and slightly damp from your arousal. I lick the moisture from the lips, marvelling at the aroma and the taste. You tremble, and almost collapse, as my tongue touches your pussy lips for the first time.

I look up at you, and say. “Why don’t we get you a bit more comfortable. If you sit on the arm of the sofa, and lean back, I’ll return the favour from earlier.” You stagger to the arm of the, black leather, sofa, and sit down. I crawl over, and kneel between your spread legs. I slide close to you, and pull your head down, until our lips meet in another passionate kiss.

“OK babe,” I say, as we stop kissing, “you lie back and make yourself comfortable, and I’ll see what I can do about helping to relieve the stress of life.”

You slowly lie back, arranging some cushions under your head so that we can look at each other. As you lay back, I can see the glory of your pussy fully revealed. I lean forward and slip my tongue between your engorged outer lips, and slide it up and down the slit, from top to bottom and back again. You groan as my tongue runs softly over your hard clit. I lift your left leg up, and begin to kiss the knee, trailing kisses down toward you waiting pussy, but just before I reach it I stop. I then do the same with your right leg, once again I stop before I reach your, now very wet, pussy. I lift both legs up, and place them on my shoulders, this gives me an unrestricted view of your open pussy. I stare at the beautiful sight before me as I slowly lean forward and place my lips firmly on your pussy. My tongue begins to slide up and down your juicy slit, savouring the flavour. Your body begins to tremble as I continue to slide my tongue around your engorged and sensitive slit.

My hands begin to massage your buttocks, as my tongue worms its way deep into your sopping cunt. Your body bucks as you feel my tongue invading you, and a little moan escapes your throat. I begin to thrust my tongue in and out, trying to get deeper each time, my nose is pressed against your clit. As my tongue plunges into you, my nose rubs over your clit, causing your to writhe underneath me, I hold onto you hard, and move my tongue faster. I feel your hands gripping my head, pulling me tighter to your wet cunt. You shudder and shake, your breathing gets loud and erratic as my tongue and nose bring you to the edge of your climax. I feel your body reach the heights of arousal, and push my tongue as deep into your waiting cunt as I can, jamming my nose hard onto your clit. Your arms tighten, and pull me even harder against you, as your orgasm explodes.

Your whole body goes rigid, your legs clamp around my head, crushing me as they try to close. I slowly move my head, rubbing gently over your clit as you spasm again and again. My face is bathed in a new outpouring of your flavoursome juices, and I try my best to lick and swallow the whole lot.

As your body relaxes, I continue to lick your wet and highly engorged pussy lips. My tongue trails down, and licks the crease of your arse, tasting the juices that have run into the crack. I roll my tongue over the crinkled entrance to your anus, and gently kiss it. You shudder as my tongue snakes its way over your anus, pressing against it gently, and then moves back to your still wet pussy. I lick from your anus, through the middle of your sopping pussy, pausing to swirl my tongue inside you once more, up over your clit, which I suck into my mouth, and flick with my tongue. This causes you to tense up again, and I feel the heat as your pussy gets wetter. I release your clit, and slowly work my way up your body, leaving a trail of your juices. I reach your breasts, and see the red flush that suffuses them, and think that the top half of my body must be flushed the same colour.

I look into your eyes, which are clouded with the last remnants of your orgasm. Your mouth is open, as you continue to breathe in an erratic manner. You smile at me, and I lean forward and place my lips over yours. We kiss, our bodies rubbing against each other. You exclaim in surprise as you feel my hard cock pressing against your stomach.

“Wow, it didn’t take you long to get ready again did it!”

“I’ve been ready for ages babe, and now I think we need to do it, although I think if we do it while you’re lying like this we’ll both end up as cripples. So I think it might be an idea if we rearrange ourselves. What do you think?” I say, as I look into your eyes.
