 For a solid five minutes I stand, speechless, staring at the beautiful red boxed gift. During that time, all the satisfaction and pleasure I had derived from my weekend with Abby seemed to drain right out of me.

He was here, right here, but when....

I spin around on my heels and head for the phone. I dial his number as I walk back into the library to pick up my red box. On the fourth ring, the voicemail answers and I hear the rich timber of my lover's voice before the beep tells me it is time to leave a message.

"Baby, I can't believe I missed you. When were you here and when are you coming back? I miss you, I want you, I need you inside me. Thank you for the gift, Lover. Hurry up and get here so we can open it. Bye, baby."

After leaving this message, I go upstairs to have a hot bath and wait for him to call me back. By the time I finish my bath, change the bed sheets and have something light to eat it is 8:00pm. I am utterly exhausted and my phone has not rung; not even once.

With the phone and my red box on the pillow beside me, I curl up in bed and fall into a deep and relaxing sleep. I awake at 5:30am fully rested and completely surprised that I slept through the night. When I look at the phone, the light is flashing, indicating that there is a message.

"Shit, shit, shit..." I scream as I dial in the code to access the message.

"Hi Sweetness, I'm sorry I missed your call. I was there Friday afternoon. I can't believe it took you this long to find the gift especially since your first stop is always the library. Just what were you doing to keep yourself so distracted, I wonder. You can tell me about that when we talk but, until then, while you're waiting, think of me with my head between your legs and my tongue twirling around your hot, juicy pussy ... I miss you, I want you and ... I'm already inside you ... Bye for now, my Lover." 

It never fails, just the sound of his sexy voice and I am aroused. It being too early to call him back, I put the phone on speaker and push the repeat button for the message to play again. I listen to his voice as I begin to run my hands over my breasts, rolling my palms over my nipples and sending shivers straight to my clit. 

In an instant, I am dripping wet and his message is over. I hang up the phone, slide my right hand down to my wetness, and slowly touch the very tip of my clit. The contact is glorious. I reach for some of the juices flowing out of my cunt and use that wetness to lubricate my clit as I gently draw circles around it. 

My breathing becomes more erratic as I continue to play with my nipples and massage my clit. With my orgasm quickly approaching, I slip two fingers inside my cunt and resume the motion on my clit with my thumb. I begin to flex and relax the muscles of my pussy as my fingers are pumping inside and my clit and nipples are being stimulated. That does it. I am screaming and writhing, hips gyrating and my pussy pulsating with a wonderfully delicious orgasm.

My whimpers begin to subside as the ripples that roll through my pussy decrease. I lay in bed for another five or ten minutes wondering how long it will be before I see him.  Finally I reach for the red box and reread the card. 

"We'll open this together, when next I come..."

He is amazing. Always able to keep me on the edge of my seat ...

He's right too; 

He is already inside me ...

------------------------------------------

Just like every other day this week, I pull into my driveway after work anxiously searching for some evidence of his presence. 

Footprints in the snow leading up to the door, his car in the driveway or tire tracks from the taxi, a big yellow ribbon tied on the front door. Anything, something, please.

However, just like every other day this week, there is nothing and I'm left with my head on the steering wheel, completely exhausted by this sexual tension. 

"I'm going to loose my fucking mind waiting for you." I scream/cry into my hands.

Every inch of my body is poised for sexual pleasure and my Lover is nowhere in sight. Here we are on Friday and we have yet to speak to one another. There have been multiple phone calls back and forth but we have missed each other every time. 

A full week of arousing text messages, emails and voicemails but no actual direct contact has made my desire for him so intense. The mere mention of his name, the thought of his touch, the memory of his scent and the sound of his voice has my body immediately responding with an almost primal desire for his presence. I feel raw and animalistic as if I will absolutely devour him when I do see him. I fear I could literally fuck my Lover to death with the intensity of my desire for him. 

I have never felt anything like this. 

All of these thoughts and feelings are exploding within me as I look at the front door of my house. I really don't want to go inside. I don't want to see the red box right now. It really has started to taunt me. 

I have shaken it, 'accidentally' dropped it and checked to see if I could ease the tape off the seams without detection. Nothing worked. He is good and he knows me very well. The only way to open that gift is to tear the wrapping.

Therefore, I have only two options. I can wait until my Lover comes to discover what is hidden within his gift or he will arrive to discover that I could not wait for him. So I wait for him and often glare at his gift that taunts me to do otherwise. 

It's the strangest thing really, in my house, that red box has been personified and I have become an animal in heat, writhing around with pure desire. 

Nonetheless, I still sleep with the red box and I carry it around like a precious friend. It makes no sound, not even when I shake it, or drop it or throw it down the stairs. Whatever is inside that red box will remain a secret until my Lover finally comes to me.

"Fucking thing, I really am going crazy. I need to release some of this tension..." 

Just as this thought is formulating in my mind, I hear a door shut behind me and when I look, I see Abby in her driveway taking groceries out of the back seat of her car. 

I forget my keys in the car in my hast to get over to her house. 

"Hey beautiful, can I help you with those groceries?" I ask while walking toward her. "Oh sure. How are you?" 

"I'm a mess, Abby, but I'll tell you about that once we get inside. Where's James?" 

"He went to some dinner meeting, said he'd be home in a few hours, if all goes well." 

As we walk into the house, Abby continues to ramble on about all manner of nonsense but I can't even hear her words, I am simply watching her ass as it sways before me. Honestly, it is a work of art. And the way the muscles of her legs are so well defined in the fitted jeans she has on is making me dizzy. 

She is wearing a beautifully fitted black leather jacket that emphasizes her small waist. Her chestnut brown curls cascade down her back and I am salivating with the sight of her from behind. 

Once we get into the house, take off our shoes and head toward the kitchen, Abby's over her shoulder glance at me tells me clearly that she is aware of her affect on me. 

She smiles with a twinkle in her eye and says;

"I'll bet your Lover hasn't come yet to help you open that red box right? Is that what's got you watching me like that."

She is virtually laughing as she puts the bags down and reaches for the bags I have in my hand.

"Did you buy any frozen stuff?" 

She barely gets the negative response out before I grab the back of her head and swung her around to kiss me. 

When our lips meet, I immediately sense equal desire from Abby. She actually forcefully pushes me back against the fridge and presses her body against mine with matched passion and the evidence of fervent need. It was perfect, yet shocking.

"What the fuck is this? Isn't James doing you? Why are you so horny?" 

"It's not the same" she said while frantically undoing the buttons of my coat, "and all I have been able to think about this week are your nipples and the way you cum when I suck on them." 

"Holy shit, Abby. Why didn't you just come over?" I asked her while dropping my coat to the ground. 

"I didn't want to intrude on your time with your Mr. Wonderful. If I had known he wasn't there, I would have been over Monday night. Ahhh now, look at these?" she says as she steps back and stares at my released breasts with their fully aroused and elongated nipples.

"I'm not here for show and tell, Abby, come on, please. I'm too horny for all this shit." I say.

With that, she latches onto my left nipple while massaging my other breast. 

The contact, actual human contact, is just what I need. With her tongue flicking over my nipple and her fingers rolling, tweaking and pinching the other, I am on the verge of an orgasm when she bites down hard and lifts her head so that my nipple is supporting the weight of my entire breast. 

While suspended like this, Abby resumes the flicking motion with her tongue. The combination of the pain and the pleasure is so intensely stimulating that my knees begin to buckle as I cum. 

Abby releases my nipple from her mouth with a slurp and a plop as the spasms from my orgasm subside. She leans into me. The coolness of her leather jacket on my wet erect and twitching nipples is shockingly delightful and I wrap my arms around her as she kisses my neck.

"I wish I could cum like that, you should see your face. Just from getting your nipples sucked, that is truly amazing." 

"Abby, please, I want to taste you. I want to fuck you. Get these things off." is all I can breathe into her ear.

I help her get out of her leather jacket and the rest of her clothes as we walk into her bedroom and lay down on the bed. I can smell her arousal and the increasing urgency of her desire is intoxicating. 

When I get down to her pussy, I see that Abby is literally dripping wet. With delight, I proceed to lick her cunt and twirl my tongue around her clit. Her passion and desire escalate as Abby's hips gyrate and she plays with her tits.

I reach for a pillow, place it under Abby's ass and position myself between her legs with her beautiful thighs resting on my shoulders.

Amazing, she was on perfect display for me. 

"Oh yeah, do it, stick your tongue in me. Lick me, suck me, fuck me...." 

Using my hands to part her cheeks, with the very tip of my tongue, I run circles around her anal star. Swirl, swirl, dive. Swirl, swirl, dive. This I do with my tongue until she actually begins to buck, pant, and scream. 

When I lick Abby from her ass up to her clit and stop there to suck and nibble, she begins to cum explosively. Writhing and panting as I purposed to stay latched onto her clit through the full wave of her orgasm. The more I lick, flick and suck, the more intense the wave becomes and the more vigorously Abby bucks. What an amazing thing to see.

After several orgasms, Abby and I gently stroke one another as our breathing returns to normal.

"You have ruined me for James. He could never make me cum like that.

"Don't be silly, one day we'll teach him." I say. 

"Would you really, you would teach him how to do that." 

"Sure, if he wants to learn, I will teach him." 

We kiss passionately, Abby again rolling and tweaking my constantly aroused nipples with one hand while the other hand lightly circles my clit. I watch my nipples respond to her now expert touch and feel the pulse increase in my dripping wet pussy.

The orgasmic waves are so intense that I am screaming as Abby continues to play my body like a finely tuned instrument. 

We stroke each other to a weakened state of bliss until I finally pull away from her, conscious of the time and wanting to leave before James gets home.

On my way back to the kitchen I find my clothes while Abby follows, naked, to put the groceries away. 

I give her a kiss then leave, glancing back once at the door to watch her unpacking groceries naked. What a sight she is. Her body aglow with the signs of our passion. She turns to look at me and smiles as she runs her hands over her breasts.

"You better get yourself into the shower before James gets home and sees the look of sex all over you."

"Let him see the look of a well satisfied woman. It will do him good." she says as she tweaks her nipples with a smile.

"I'll call you later, Abby. Thanks." I say as I walk out the door. 

She is perfectly delicious, in every sense. 

After my shower, light meal and a few hours on the computer, I grab my red box and head for bed. 

Just as my mind begins to shut down, I hear a sound at the front door. 

I bolt up into a sitting position and listen intently. 

There it is again, someone is at the door and there is only one person who knows that code. 

I bound out of bed, running full speed through the hall to jump down the stairs and land in the front entrance just as the door bursts open. 

There he is, my Lover. 

He drops his bags just in time to catch me as I fling myself into his arms and begin to devour him. Funny thing is, he seems to be devouring me in return. 

Locked in our kiss and lost in our passion for one another, we manage to slam the front door shut just before my Lover pins me against the wall. 

We exchange no words; reduced to animalistic grunting, groaning and growling sounds. Our desire for one another is so incredibly intense.

Without taking off his coat or boots or anything, he begins to unzip his pants as I raise my nightdress. 

"Fuck me, baby. Fuck me hard. How could you do this to me, I've been going crazy. Hurry up and get inside me." 

As soon as I say this, he stops everything. He places his hands on either side of my face and pierces me with the intensity of his desire-filled stare. 

For a moment, his eyes peer into mine, as if he is reading my very thoughts. Then slowly, he begins to grin as he leans even closer and says;

"I'm already inside you, baby."

And with that, we begin to dance ...