 What a beautiful dance this has been. 

All night, from the front entrance where we fucked frantically, more dressed than naked, with nothing but primal desire being our focus.

Actually hearing you growl when you climaxed was the highlight of the front entrance frolic for me. 

The kitchen was also amazing. Mixing food with sex is always a great thing and last night's late night dinner menu was superb. 

Although there are a multitude of very memorable moments ever since your arrival last night, the best of the best was being able to curl up with you wrapped around me in bed. With our bodies fully exhausted and spent; it was amazing to finally be able to relax enough to sleep soundly in each other's arms. 

Now, as I wake up and feel you asleep around me, your arms still encircle me and our legs still intertwined, I realize that, for the first time, I have woken up in the same position I went to sleep in. I have woken up completely satisfied and secure in your love and desire for me. 

What a beautiful day this is turning out to be.

I lay here for some time listening to you sleep; feeling closer to you than ever before. 

I begin to turn in your embrace so I can see your face but my movements cause you to stir. 

Still sleeping, you begin to gentle move your hands on my body and pull me closer to yourself. Without waking fully, you slowly stroke and fondle me and I can feel your penis becoming erect as you gently explore. 

I gently begin to move my hips and ass against you and I am rewarded with a fully erect cock pressing against me.

From the pace of your breathing and the increased intensity of your exploration, I can tell you are both awake and wonderfully aroused. 

Without speaking, we fuck. 

You turn me so that I am on my stomach with my legs spread and my ass slightly raised and then you lay down on top of me. With one hand under my body slipping into my pussy, you begin to circle my clit as you slowly slide your cock into my cunt.  The angle of this penetration causes the head of your penis to hit my g-spot directly with each stroke. 

In just a few strokes, my pussy erupts in spasms of ecstasy and I am thrusting my ass against you. With each thrust, there is increased penetration and friction which results in a magnificently continuous orgasm. 

The walls of my pussy twitch and pulse and throb so much and your cock begins to jump and throb inside of me. Your orgasm rips through you, leaving you to collapse on my back, breathing your spent desire in my ear.

"Baby, I love waking up with you in my arms and my dick in your pussy" is all that you say before we fall back to sleep still united. 

----------------------------------------  "Hurry up, Sweetness; if you take much longer we're going to be late."

"I need your help with these things. I never wore nipple shields before and they're not so easy to get on."

Walking out of the bathroom and into the bedroom where my Lover stands waiting for me, I have one of the shield's already on my left nipple but the right one is still in hand. 

All my attention is focused on my breast and the shield as I am nattering on about the way they pinch and my difficulty in getting them to close. Because of this, it takes me a moment to notice that you have neither moved nor spoken since I came to stand before you.

When I look up at your face, I see an all too familiar expression ...

"Hey, wait a minute, aren't you the one who just told me we are going to be late? Stop looking at me like that and help me get this stuff on, please. It was your idea for me to wear it."

"Oh my God, look at you." is all you can say as you reach for me.

I do look good wearing all the trinkets I found when we finally unpacked the red box this morning.

These beautiful gold non-pierced nipple shields, the black garter, stockings, lace push up bra and panties and that interesting little contraption called the butterfly were beautifully laid out in the precious red boxed gift.  "Baby, we don't have time to do this" I say as I lean into you and receive your kiss. "Just help me with this. I think my nipples are too big for these things, don't you?"

"Are you kidding me? They look perfect. Is it too tight? My God, they are perfect," you say while touching the very tip of my left nipple which is jutting out of this gold star shaped shield.

"Hmmm. Honey stop that, please. Abby and James are expecting us for dinner and you know I'll never stop cumming if you keep doing that to my nipple. I just can't seem to pinch closed this nipple twist so the shield may slip off at some point. I got the left one on but, here, help me with this one."    With that, my Lover begins to adjust the nipple shield. My desire begins to mount with the contact but we really don't have time to do anything about that ... when I look again into your eyes, I see the matched passion and I step into you. 

"We're insatiable, baby. Will we ever get enough of each other?" 

Turning me around to face the full-length mirror, you wrap your arms around me and cup my breasts, lightly flicking your thumbs over my beautifully adorned nipples. 

The sight of me dressed in these special gifts, coupled with the sensations your thumbs ignite, is so erotic and pleasure filled that my knees are weak. Judging by the feel of your erection on my ass, I know you too are having difficulty containing yourself.

In my ear, you whisper;

"How could I ever get enough of you?" as you nuzzle my neck and slowly move your right hand down to my sex. "Do you have the butterfly on as well."

"Yes, but I couldn't find the remote."

"I'll carry that, baby. It fits perfectly in my pocket. Let's see how it works." you say as you reveal a small remote that fits in the palm of your hand. 

There are three different speeds and an on/off switch on this wireless remote that has a 15 to 20 foot range.  With our eyes locked in the mirror and a glowing smile on your face, you flip the switch and a lightning bolt of pleasure explodes on my clit.

Immediately, I feel like I am about to burst.  "Oh my goodness, baby." I say between panting breaths. My eyes glaze over, my hips sway and my pussy begins to twitch. When you stop the remote and I get my breath back, I say;

"I'll never be able to endure that at dinner without cumming all over the place. That is truly fantastic. I wish you could feel how fabulous that is." I say as I grind my ass into your cock.

"Look at your face. I love this thing just for the way it makes your face light up and your eyes glaze over. Would you look at your face? Sweetness, this is going to be a very short dinner. We should never have agreed to this. I don't know what I was thinking."

"I know what you were thinking. You were thinking with your other brain as soon as you saw Abby and she extended the invitation. Don't think I didn't notice you looking at her."

"You can not be jealous. She is your girlfriend. I'm the one having to imagine what the two of you do to one another. Can't I also imagine myself at least in the room and able to watch? This is going to be a very interesting evening, my Sweet ..."

You resume kissing my neck and nibbling my ear.

When you flip the switch of the remote again, you watch my face in the mirror as I tremble and shudder through an orgasm ...

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeeeeaaaahhhh!!! Amazing, simply amazing" is all I can say as I move my ass against you and enjoy the feel of your arousal ...

After a while, I slip into a little black dress and heels and we leave to go next door for dinner with Abby and James.

Abby opens the door in a stunning green dress that accentuates the green of her eyes. She is the consummate host who is easily able to make people feel welcome and relaxed in her presence. She sends the men off to the living room while recruiting me to help her finish in the kitchen.

As soon as we round the corner, Abby pins me against the wall and begins to kiss me. She thrusts her hand down the neckline of my dress and her eyes light up when she feels the shield on my nipple.

"What is this on your nipple? Oh my God, they are sticking right out." she says as she feels both nipples encased in their shield through my dress and bra.

"They are part of the gifts in the red box Abby. My nipples are on fire and I can't even describe what is happening to my clit." I say as my breathing becomes erratic. 

As Abby pulls on my already overly sensitive nipples, the butterfly begins to vibrate and a slight moan escapes me. 

Fighting for some composure, I shove Abby away from me and attempt to ignore the delightful sensation on my clit.

"Abby, please, I can't do this. Help me get the guys a drink and, for goodness sake, don't touch my nipples anymore tonight."

"How can you come here looking so sexy with your nipples decorated and jutting out and expect me not to touch you? You know already I love your breasts and your face looks like your about to cum even as we speak."

"I am about to cum. He's got my clit hooked up to this thing for which he has the remote. It vibrates at his will."

"Are you for real? No wonder you look like that. That is so fucking hot ... Why can't James do something like that?"

"Abby at this moment, I am simply trying to get through this evening without exploding in front of your husband. This is not how I wanted to meet him for the first time, you know. I would liked to have a conversation with him that isn't interrupted with moans and heavy breathing. If it were just you, I wouldn't care. I would be lying on the dinning room table letting you and my Sweet Man have your way with me. God, how I'd love that. Let's get their drinks Abby, before he flips that switch again."

A few minutes later we arrive in the living room to find the men in deep conversation. When I pass my Love his drink, he takes my hand and pulls me toward him. 

"Baby, I was just telling James about those beautiful cabins we saw that time when we were driving through those mountains. Where were we again?"

"I don't remember but that place was glorious. I wanted to run through those fields and frolic in that water. It looked like a great place to have a romantic getaway. Are you and Abby planning a special trip, James? Those cabins would be the perfect place, I am sure."

James smiled and agreed it was something worth looking into.

From there, the evening turned out to be quite enjoyable, for many reasons. The men obviously hit it off, the food was good and the conversation interesting but the best part was the periodic bursts of pleasure that would erupt in my pussy. 

As soon as they would stop, I would watch the Cheshire cat grin form on my Lover's lips and the mischievous twinkle dance in his eyes.

When we were leaving, Abby gave me a look of longing just before she hugged me goodbye. As she secretly ran her palm over my breast and grazed my nipple, I pressed a kiss on her cheek and said;  "We'll talk later, Abby." 

The front door wasn't even shut before I was on him, pulling off our coats and clothes as our lips locked in a passionate kiss. I felt like a starving woman at a banquet.  I was lying on the floor in the library with my Lover's head buried between my thighs when the front door opened and Abby walked in with an expression of pure desire on her face.  "James is already in bed half asleep. I told him I was coming over then to watch a movie with you. He didn't seem to mind," she says while walking through the front entrance and entering the library.

With her eyes fixed on my exposed nipples in their new gold shields, Abby quietly asked if she could join us.

Looking down at my Lover whose goatee glistened with my juices as his lips parted with that Cheshire grin I already knew what his answer would be.

"Abby, I don't share very well. I don't like to share."

"Baby," my Lover says, "it is not you who is sharing here. It is us, sharing you ..." and with that, he pulls me closer and silences me with his lips and tongue on my pussy.

Abby quickly undresses and reaches for my protruding nipples.

I yielded completely to the unbelievable pleasure of my Lover's tongue on/in my pussy and Abby's lips on my nipples.  Laying there on the threshold of a night full of multiple positions, continuous orgasms and completely indulged desire, I wonder why it has taken me so long to learn to share ...