 He made me wear a sexy pantyless red corset and matching red heels. The heels were strappy sandals, six inches high and made my feet arch, my ample butt thrust out and my mind tantalize me with the notion that I was a whore dishing out a free treat for her favorite john's birthday.

Stepping out of the bathroom into a dimly lit bedroom, I leaned against the wall and raised a leg to give him a bird-eye view of my freshly-shaved cunt. His cock rose in appreciation and his adam's apple bobbed up and down.

Slowly I sauntered towards him, one step at a time, one foot before the other and asked him what he wanted. He sat up, a naked god with perfect pecs and a hard abdomen which sloped down to a glorious shaft nestled in a bed of dark curls.

Taking a condom out of the drawer, I put it in my mouth and slid it over his gorgeous length in a smooth motion. He sighed and pulled my head closer. His musky scent made my senses reel and I sucked his cock like it was my favorite candy-stick. Sighs became moans and in raw passion he freed my breasts from the corset and began to play with my brown nipples.

Sitting at the edge of the bed his buttocks began to undulate and he flung his head back feeling his engorged penis drive all sane thoughts out of his mind. All he could think of was of my supplication to his pleasure.

He was about to come - I could feel it. I sucked the juice out of him and felt him spurt into the condom. Groans of climax filled the air and made my clit swell in anticipation. I released his cock with a pop and smiled in satisfaction - it was still hard as a rock. Viagra in exchange for high heels.

He would be randy for a long time to come. Smiling at me he lay back on bed and I pulled the old used condom off and with a caressing motion put another one on. He swatted my bare bottom hard and made me sheathe him totally.

His hard shaft penetrated the softest regions of my pussy and acquainted itself with the hungry G-Spot that was sending cataclysmic shivers of delight up my spine. I plunged down hard and shuddered as his cock began to silently service me. Up and down I bounced on him and sucked my breath in as he held me still and began to play with my clit.

Clever fingers stroked my swollen clit and made my body quiver with pleasure that rushed through my body and cloud my mind with searing flames of passion. I gasped, grabbed his hands and held them back as I began to dance on him again, hard and fast.

It had been so long since we had fucked with such abandon. The three year old toddler had been rampaging till late past few weeks and when he would be asleep David hadn't been able to tear away from work. But now we finally had the house to ourselves, we were finally having sex with wild abandon assured in the fact that there wont be any distractions for the night.

As I neared climax, my breathing became shallow and eyes fluttered closed but just then he pulled me into a tight hug and rolled me under him and drove his cock in harder still making my labia suck him in deeper wanting the pleasure to go. I wrapped my legs around his waist and saw my red heels crossed like red claws. The site of it was so erotic that I felt myself cum hard and fast. A flood of pleasure deluged my body and I drowned in the climax.

But that wasn't it he was still hard in me courtesy Viagra. Smiling at me devilishly he pulled away a bit and grabbed my left thigh and put it over his shoulder. Still in me, he ran a hand over my lifted leg from the calf till the thigh and then touched the place we were joined. He touched his condom covered cock and then the sensitive lips of my pussy that were kissing his sheath.

Slowly he moved in me with his hand still there, caressing and teasing my nether lips which began to quiver all over again. He was the master now and I was his whore and he wanted burn the raw passion of the night so deep in my mind that I would remember it whenever our eyes happened to meet.

Heaving and panting in deep breaths he labored in me in slow powerful thrusts. Strong as an ox his hands covered my bare bottom and pulled my grinding hips closer still. I watched his face contort with unleashed control and his eyes burn into mine.

Wanting to tease him in the midst of the act I ran my hands over the red corset and slowly grabbed my breasts that were bouncing and dancing to the rhythm of the fuck dance. He watched me rub the already peaked nipples and a hiss escaped from his lips.

Pushing my leg back down he flipped me over and entered me from the back. Grabbing my clit he began to play with me as my ass opened its tender hole to his brutal invasion. Pain and pleasure drove me to cry out and my senses felt fried and I came again and again.

And just as suddenly he pulled out and squirted his white cum all over the corset on the back. The Sneak! He had taken off the condom! But I was too content to pull him up over it. He rolled away from me, swatted my butt and lay back on his pillow with his arms behind his head.

I sat up and stared at him for a minute. He tipped his head towards the bathroom, indicating that I could take a shower but I had something else to do. I had to clean his cum from that delicate corset.

Taking it off I walked into the sterile light of the bathroom and cleaned the delicate lacy lingerie in the sink. It's deep red beauty shimmered in the light and his white cum slowly went down the drain with the detergent.

Sighing I gently wringed the water out and then put the corset in the dryer. My t-shirt and jeans were lying on the floor where I had thrown them off before I wore the corset and became a sex goddess. I wore my clothes and became a regular woman again.

Stepping out of the bathroom I found him to be asleep. Tip toeing out of the room I walked into the nursery and found the little one still asleep. He looked like an angel and my heart went out to him.

Walking down the stairs towards the main door I grabbed my car keys and headed out. As I got into the car I watched the sun coming up and knew I had few minutes to make myself scarce, his wife was going to be back soon from her shift in the hospital.

Driving away from their perfect little beach house I realized that his wife's corset was still in the dryer and I was wearing her red shoes. A devilish smile crossed my lips as I realized that he would have a hard time explaining the corset being in the dryer and the missing shoes. What's more, that was the price he had to finally pay for fucking the baby sitter whenever his wife went out for her late night shifts.