 I was just laid off from a job I worked seventeen years at. My wife was royally pissed. It was as if I were to blame. It was a company wide thing. The reason she was mad was that she would have to cut back on all her spending. She was also not happy that I was going to take a few weeks off before I went looking for a new job.

I just needed some downtime for myself. It was nice sleeping in for a change. I would get up midmorning and take in the neighborhood from the bedroom window. Our bedroom was on the second floor. Our next door neighbors planted hedges for privacy but I could see right over them onto their back yard.

One thing I started to notice was the neighbor girl Hannah liked to sun herself. I knew she had just graduated high school and was spending her days at home. Hannah had long reddish hair down to her shoulders. She was on the thin side. I would look out the window at Hannah in her small bikini. She made my mouth water.

I had just gotten out of the shower one morning and I looked out the window. There was Hannah sunning herself in the nude. I could clearly see her small tits and her red pubic bush. My dick started stirring. I actually began to stroke myself. I wondered how it would feel to be fucking an eighteen year old hottie.

This became almost a daily ritual for me. Hannah would be naked in her backyard and I would pull on my dick. One day she finished up early. Hannah stood up and for some reason looked at my house. There I was at the window with a hard rod. I could see her smile as she put her clothes back on.

I figured I really screwed things up. Hannah wouldn't be sunbathing herself when I was staring at her. I was wrong. Just the next day Hannah stripped down and got onto her back. This time however, she began playing with herself. She was fingering her slit as I watched from the bedroom window. 

Needless to say, I was stroking my cock. My eight inch prick was standing straight out. Hannah must have brought herself off. I saw her raising her hips as her body shook. I wanted to run over and jump on her tight body. She got up and looked directly at me. Hannah ran her fingers one more time across her damp hole.

All I knew was that I had to have her some way. I would start hanging outside the house more. One day Hannah came outdoors. 

"Hi Tim," she said to me.

I was half surprised she even knew my name. I walked over and began talking to her. She even said she liked it when I watched her sunbathing. It turned her on. I said we should get together some day. She said that tomorrow morning she was free. Just ring the doorbell. That's exactly what I did.

When the door opened there stood a naked Hannah. I stepped inside and we got right to it. I pulled her into my body and we started to kiss. I soon lowered my face and I took a nipple into my mouth. That really got Hannah revved up. She was pushing her chest into my face. I was also getting hard.

A few minutes of that and Hannah pulled away. She unsnapped my pants and pulled them and my underwear to the floor. I got them and my shoes and socks off. I pulled my shirt away and we were both naked. Hannah wasted no time. She knelt down and took my shaft into her mouth. 

She could only take a few inches but it didn't matter. I was hard as could be. We didn't make it very far. We got onto the carpet and I took Hannah there. I had forgotten what a tight pussy was like. It took some long minutes before I was buried in her warm cooz. Hannah was screaming the whole time. She later told me she had never experienced a cock that size.

I got her legs up over my shoulders. I stretched my legs out and gave Hannah a good pounding.

"Fuck! Don't stop." She kept repeating.

There was no way I was going to stop having this hot red head. My fingers found her clit and I started pushing on it. Hannah arched her back and opened herself to taking more cock. I gave Hannah the deepest strokes I could produce. She was able to take all eight inches. My balls were hitting her bottom. I was getting close to letting go. I told Hannah I was going to pull out.

"No, don't pull out! Cum in me!"

I should have pulled out but my dick ruled the day. I drove in hard one final time and I sprayed Hannah with my sticky seed. I felt her muscles clamped down tight around my shaft. She was getting every drop out of me that she could. She held tight to my body as she was shaking hard. I started slowing down until my cock was just resting inside her body.

"I've never been fucked like that before," she told me.

I ended up having Hannah to myself for the rest of the summer. My wife was pissed but I held off looking for work. Hannah was going to college at the end of summer. I had to take advantage of that. It was a bit too dangerous to be fucking in either house. Hannah would meet me at some secluded spot for sex. 

It was expensive but we would take to getting a cheap motel room. There I could have Hannah any way I liked. We both enjoyed it when Hannah mounted me and rode my dick. I could pull on her small nipples as she bobbed up and down on me. When I wanted to dominate her, I would take Hannah from behind.

She would bury her face in a pillow as I pulled her ass up. I loved to reach out and pull on her long red hair. I think Hannah got into it as well. She told me that she would submit to me. I would get excited and plow my cock into her tummy. She really screamed when I did that.

Thankfully Hanah was using birth control. I loved not having to wear a condom. Skin touching skin always feels the best. The summer went by way too fast. In a few days Hannah would be heading to school and I had to start looking for work. We had our final lovemaking sessions.

I took Hannah hard and raw, just the way she liked it. I had broken in that tight pussy properly. Hannah could easily take my thick rod. I gave her my final loads of my love seed. Hannah even broke down and said she was in love with me. I didn't say anything back.

I said she would be off at school for the next four years. She would probably forget me for some younger guy. She said she would never forget me. She would come back for me after she graduated. I just let it go. I sure wasn't thrilled about dealing with my wife from now on. Maybe after I found work I would have to dump her.

The day before Hannah left for school I fucked her one last time. For some reason I produce a huge load of cum. Hannah got all crazy when she felt me explode inside her. She said she was going to try and hold my cum inside her for as long as she could.

Hannah has been gone a few weeks now. We texted for awhile but that has tapered off. I know it is crazy to think we might take up in four years time but Hannah was the best fuck I ever experienced.