 She had been pleasantly surprised when she came home from work and found the note telling her to meet him at her favorite Bed and Breakfast for their Valentine's Day Date. Her favorite outfit was laid out on the bed—silk and leather always made her feel sexy. And there could be no mistaking his intent; a lacy garter belt, seamed stockings, and her red fuck-me-pumps were laid out as well. She shivered a little with anticipation. Something told her this weekend was going to be something special. The note said to get ready, everything else she needed was already there, and to meet him at the B&B at 7 p.m. sharp. She quickly showered, perfumed, and dressed, and dashed off to meet him.

Her heart started beating hard when she knocked on the door to their suite. He answered the door. Grinning, he moved aside so she could step into the room. 

Her hands started shaking when she saw what he had laid out on the big four poster bed; four long red satin ribbons, each about 2 inches thick. She felt him walk up behind her and stand close enough to feel his body heat scorching her spine. He moved her hair aside and lightly brushed her neck with his lips. She shivered as his mouth danced over her neck, his teeth grazing her earlobe.

"Ready?" he whispered.

Her body was already nodding without her brain's approval. She felt his hand gently on the small of her back guiding her to the bed. Before she realized, her thighs were up against it, his body tight to the back of hers. She gasped when his hands closed over her breasts—kneading gently before he began unbuttoning her blouse. Her hands opened and closed on the empty air and her own apprehension. She became acutely aware of how hard he was compared to her; hard arms around her body, hard chest against her back, and very hard cock pressed against her ass. She gave a little gasp as he slowly drew the blouse down her arms, licking her exposed shoulder and nibbling lightly on the skin. She moaned when he pulled the blouse tight around her arms, pinning them behind her. 

His other hand slid up between her breasts and settled around the base of her throat. He gave it a slight squeeze smiling at the way her pulse jumped under his fingers. "Do you trust me?" he said squeezing a little harder. 

She nodded again, chin bumping his fingers, excitement dampening her panties, making her tremble against him.

His hand slid farther up her neck until it rested right below her chin. He cupped her face in his hand tilting it back so he could kiss her mouth. He nibbled at the corners before plunging his tongue deep. 

She moaned into his mouth. She felt the blouse loosen and fall to the floor and her arms were free, at least for the moment. She shivered when his fingers brushed her skin as he unzipped her skirt and tugged it down over her hips, letting it fall to a heap at her feet. He took one of her hands and guided it back between them to his cock. She stroked her hand over him, making him gasp. She bowed her head and her hair fell forward to hide her smile. It was her turn to gasp when she felt his hand in her hair, pulling her head back for another kiss. He turned her around roughly, his fingers tracing the line of her bra. 

"Take it off."

She looked him straight in the eyes as she reached behind her and unhooked the bra, letting it slip off her shoulders, and slide slowly down her arms. She folded it, and tossed it on to the chair. She stifled the urge to cross her arms over her tits and even arched her back a little to give him a better view. She could feel the blush burn across her chest and face. She stood before him clad only in perfume from the waist up. He peeled her panties off, leaving her garters and stockings, and her pretty red shoes. 

"Now lie down on your back, on the bed."

He gathered up the ribbons as she settled herself on the bed. She lay there trembling and half-naked. He knelt beside her, the ribbons a silky stripe across his lap. He took one in his hand and slowly drew the end of it across her lips. She watched as he lifted her wrist to his mouth and pressed a kiss to the pulse fluttering there. He leaned down and his mouth covered hers as he tied one of the ribbons around her wrist. He repeated the procedure on the other wrist. Leaning across her, he tied each of the ribbons to one of the corner posts of the bed. He sat back again and smiled at her. He took each of her feet in his hands, caressing and licking the insides of her ankles, tying a pretty ribbon around each, but leaving them loose.

He moved around to kneel between her thighs, his hands running slowly up her legs, playing over the garters and feathering over her stomach. He lay down on top of her—still fully clothed, and kissed her deeply. He sucked on her tongue until she moaned. He sat back up, and stripped off his shirt before covering her with his body again, his chin resting on her chest.

She inhaled slowly when he began licking the undersides of her tits, taking his time getting to her nipples. She squirmed underneath him, grinding her bare pussy against the zipper on the front of his jeans. He licked her nipples and then blew on them, finally sucking them hard, first one and then the other, making her whimper. She was getting frantic.

"Fuck me baby, please fuck me."

He glanced up from her tits to her face and smiled at her as he went back to licking and sucking and teasing. When he was sure she couldn't take another second, he got back up on his knees. The front of his jeans was damp where she had been rubbing against him. He took her ankles in both hands and pushed them back toward her shoulders burying his face between her thighs, licking and sucking her pussy. He slowly ran his tongue up and down her slit, a little deeper with each pass. She was gasping when his lips finally closed over her clit and he began sucking. She came almost immediately, her juices dripping. He lapped them up. 

As she lay shaking from her orgasm, he unbuttoned his jeans and tugged them partway down. He put her ankles over his shoulders and leaned into her body, his cock sliding right inside because she was so slippery. He began pumping into her, bending her further with each thrust, the red ribbons on her ankles trailing over his back. He bent her in half, kissing her again--impaled on his cock and his tongue. She was getting close again. She began grinding her ass against him, meeting his thrusts, whimpering underneath him, begging him not to stop. Her pussy clenched his cock, her whole body rocked by another orgasm. 

She could feel his hands hard on her hips, her pussy throbbing around him, as he held perfectly still. She could see he was about ready for his own orgasm. She squeezed him hard making him gasp. "Baby please," she whispered, "let me taste us together." He just stared at her a moment as what she said finally sunk in. He slid out of her and moved to kneel beside her head. She leaned up, and gently licked the pre cum off the head of his cock. He closed his eyes, a pained expression on his face. She sank the whole thing into her mouth and sucked him hard and fast hollowing her cheeks.

"Oh fuck."

She felt the first hot spurt hit the back of her throat, his hand grabbing her hair as he fucked her mouth. She licked and sucked until he pulled from her lips. He finished taking off his jeans and dumped them on the floor beside the bed. He got back up and molded himself against her, kissing her on the lips. He leaned up on one elbow and looked down at her.

"So, now that your turn is over—it's my turn to tie you up right?" she asked with a mischievous grin. 

He kissed her again his fingers making small circles on her breasts. "Who says my turn is over?" her murmured against her lips. "We are just getting started."