 My older brother Alex brought his girlfriend Rose to our parent's house. I guess he wanted to show her off. Rose was thin with flaming red hair. Rose had a southern accent that sounded so smooth. I could tell she was winning over my parents that day.

"What do you think Rob?" He asked me.

"It looks like you have a winner," I told him.

Alex was grinning the whole time at my parent's place. We ended up having dinner and then my brother said that they had to leave. I was sure he wanted to get back to his apartment so he could have sex with Rose. I knew my brother pretty well. Almost a whole week had passed when I got a call on my phone. It was Rose inviting me over to her place. She had gotten a look at Alex's phone and she got my number. I wondered what she wanted with an eighteen year old guy but I drove over to the address she gave me.

Rose greeted me at the door. She had on tight shorts and I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra under her shirt. Her small boobs were pushing against the shirt material. What happened next was a total surprise. Rose threw her arms around my neck and she kissed me on the lips. 

"What about Alex?" I said.

"What about him, I really attracted to you Rob."

I knew this was going to go badly. If I had been smart I would have left right then. Well, I wasn't smart that day. Rose and I were soon naked and we didn't make it very far. I soon had Rose on her back there on living room floor. I love small breasts and I was soon kissing her erect nipples. 

"Fuck me Rob," she said.

My self control was zero that day. I was rubbing my shaft across her wet folds when Rose reached down. She brought my cock to her opening and I pushed into her warm pussy. I hadn't been with many women up to that point. Okay, one to be exact. I easily entered Rose and began to feed her my cock.

"Fuck me hard Rob, I need you deep in me."

I ended up doing just that. My balls were slapping against her ass cheeks as Rose gripping me with her pussy muscles. If my brother could only see us fucking there on the carpet. Rose brought her legs up around my back. I stretched my legs out and gave her the pounding she wanted. It didn't take long before Rose's body started to shake. I felt a hot stream of her juices hitting my groin.

"Oh my God!" She said.

I would stroke her a few times and Rose would squirt her juices onto me. I think she must have squirted four or five times when I felt my balls starting to pinch. I probably should have pulled out. I was taking Rose with my bare cock and I had no idea if she was on the pill or not. I just couldn't bring myself to pull out. I slammed my dick into Rose hard and I went off like a rocket. Rose's face said it all. She let out this scream as I flooded her tummy with my sticky cream.

Rose had some muscle control going on. She was squeezing my rod and getting all my hot flow from my erect dick. We must have continued to fuck for another fifteen minutes or so until my dick began to go soft. When I finally had to pull out my cock made this popping noise. I looked down to see all my cream running down Rose's ass crack. I ended up kissing her hard nipples as we tried to calm down together.

Rose went back to the bathroom to get cleaned up. I got up from the floor and sat down on her couch with my spent dick between my legs. When Rose came back she had something to tell me.

"I just can't see Alex anymore," she told me.

"He isn't very good in the sack and his cock isn't very big. I like a man who can fuck more than ten minutes."

I really didn't need to hear that about my brother. Rose sat down next to me on the couch. We started to kiss again and Rose's hand make it to my cock. She was stroking me and damn if I wasn't getting hard again. Rose told me to get onto my back. She climbed up over top of me and took my cock in her hand. She guided me to her cum stained opening and I entered her again.

This second time was even more intense.

"Pinch my nipples Rob."

I did as she asked. My fingers were working all over those small nipples. Rose was bouncing up and down my dick. I pushed inside of her pussy as we fucked like two crazy people. I was able to go pretty long this second time around. Rose's pussy was still slick with my cream. I have to say she felt incredible. Somehow I still had some cum left in me. I ended up shooting another load into Rose's belly. I think we were both spent after that second time.

I didn't stay the night. We did manage to hook up a few time in the next week. She told my brother she wasn't interested in seeing him anymore. Boy, did that upset Alex. He even confided in me. Everything was going well and then all of a sudden she dropped him like a hot potato. I told him there were other fish in the sea. I didn't think the time was right to tell him the truth.

Just to be safe I would park a couple of blocks away when I went to Rose's apartment. It was a good thing I did. We were in bed one evening fucking when my brother started knocking on Rose's door.

"I need to talk to you," he said.

Rose told him to go away, she was finished with him. Alex kept knocking when Rose said she was going to call the cops. That got Alex's attention. My parents would be none to please in bailing my brother out and he knew it. One good thing that happened that night, the fucking became more intense. Knowing that I was fucking his old girlfriend make our sex more potent.

I ended up taking Rose on all fours after that. I had my hands on her hips and I drove my cock inside her as deep as was humanly possible. After I came inside Rose she said that was the best sex we had up until that point. I know my brother will eventually find out what is up between Rose and myself. Until that day comes I plan on having my dick buried in Alex's old girlfriend.