 Bo stood on the balcony overlooking the Gulf of Mexico. It was a perfect fall evening, cool, crisp, and not a cloud to mar the starry sky. The waves rhythmically crashed on the beach below as lights twinkled up and down the beach. He smiled as he thought about the day. He and Jessica had spent it walking the beach, reading on the balcony, and generally being beach bums. Late in the afternoon, they'd gone out and had a delicious dinner of fresh seafood, then returned to the condo for a sunset walk on the beach. Now Jessica was powdering her nose while he enjoyed a glass of wine on the balcony. He fervently hoped that the night would bring a consummation of their relationship.

They'd met four months prior when he'd delivered some supplies to the church where she was the receptionist. He'd been smitten by her at first site. She was about 5'5" with shoulder length blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes, and a bright smile. Even though she was dressed conservatively, it had been obvious that she had a great body. Bo had turned on the charm and made her laugh that day. The next week, he found an excuse to go back for another delivery around lunch time. She'd seemed glad to see him and had accepted his invitation to go to lunch. They'd had fun and at the conclusion, he'd asked for and gotten her phone number. He'd called her the next day and asked her out. She'd agreed, and they'd begun dating. 

Over the course of the past three months, he'd found that his hunch about her body had been correct. He'd still not seen her naked, but he'd seen her in a variety of outfits, which when combined with their increasingly passionate make out sessions, left little question that what he hadn't yet seen was even more alluring than what he had. 

Since Jess worked at a church, he'd wondered how straight-laced she was. At first, she'd been very chaste, but as their relationship had deepened, he'd begun to push her boundaries and found that though she had some reservations, she had responded with increasing fervor to his advances. When he had proposed the weekend trip to the beach, she had at first been hesitant, but he had gently prodded her until she agreed. He knew that she was nervous thinking, correctly, that he would want to have sex. 

At dinner, he had ordered both of them a drink, and though she rarely imbibed, she had drained it. During the sunset walk, she had flirted and been a bit more giggly than usual. When they had arrived back at the room, he'd opened a bottle of red wine. Now as she emerged from the bathroom, he smile and poured her a glass. Jess took it and he smiled and said, "To us." 

As she stepped onto the balcony with him, she accepted the glass with a guarded smile and responded, "To us." They touched glasses and took a drink. Bo admired her over the rim of his glass. She was dressed in a blue print sundress that fit her well, showing off the curves of her breasts and hips and revealing a hint of cleavage. Between her looks, the dress, and her shapely legs, she had turned a lot of heads at dinner. 

Jess moved in front of him and leaned back against him, sipping her wine. They stood enjoying the sound of the ocean and the beauty of the clear night. She emptied her glass and he refilled it without a word. She began to sip it, as she pushed back against him. Quietly, she whispered, "I'm scared."

"Why?" he asked. 

She took another sip of wine and shrugged. "I don't know. I, I," she took a breath and finished, "I did it once, back in college. It was, well, it wasn't what I had imagined." 

"I'm sorry," he said. "What went wrong?"

She gulped down more wine and shook her head. "I don't know. It hurt for one thing. It was my first time and he was, I don't know. It just wasn't good. Then there's the whole thing about maybe we should wait." Her voice trailed off and she finished her glass of wine. 

Bo filled her glass for the third time as he chose his words. "Jess," he said, setting down his glass, and putting both arms around her, "I love you more than I can tell you, and I do want to make love with you. What happened in the past is in the past. If you're not ready, I can handle that. I'm sorry you had a bad experience before." He squeezed her gently and continued, "If you decide you want to try, we'll go slowly, and if you are uncomfortable, I swear I'll stop."

He could tell she was thinking. Finally, Jess drained the glass, picked up the wine bottle and walked, somewhat unsteadily, inside, looking back over her shoulder with a come hither glance that made Bo shiver.

She stopped in the middle of the room, took a swig of wine from the bottle, and turned to face him. "Kiss me," she cooed.

Bo gently took her face in hands and kissed her lips softly. She jumped at his touch, but didn't pull away. Jess put her hands lightly on his arms and parted her lips slightly. He teased her tongue with his tongue, and she sighed softly, moving closer to him. He let his fingers run gently through her hair, then down her neck and shoulders. She shivered again as his fingertips slid down her bare arms, raising goose bumps as they traveled down to her palms, then back up to her shoulders. He massaged her shoulders and arms as he planted soft, light kisses all over her face, chin, and neck. Her head was spinning with a combination of fear, excitement, and wine and she rested her hands lightly on Bo's shirt to steady herself. He caressed her cheek affectionately and looked into her eyes. Her eyes were wide and her breath short. He put his arms around her and pulled her close, never breaking eye contact. She swayed, almost mesmerized as he bent his head and kissed her deeply, still staring into her eyes. She whimpered into his mouth and her arms went around him as she pressed herself against him. 

Bo enjoyed the feel of her against him. His kiss deepened and her eyes almost rolled back as she responded. She broke the kiss and looked at him wide-eyed and panting. He started to ask if she was ok, but she put a finger on his lips, took another long sip from the wine bottle and kissed him. Her kiss was passionate and she pressed herself against him, grinding slowly and running her hands up and down his back. His hands slid up and down her arms, then moved to her back, moving steadily down until they rested on the swell of her butt. She continued the kiss, wiggling her ass so his hands moved over it. He squeezed gently, enjoying the feel and Jess responded by moving it even more, wiggling it seductively in his hands. 

He let his hands move back up her back to her shoulders and began to kiss her neck. He found the sensitive places and began to lick and suck them as his fingers began to play with the straps of her dress. Jess responded to his mouth and tongue on her neck, letting her head loll from side to side and moaning softly. She seemed lost in the moment so Bo slowly moved the straps of her dress off her shoulders. She gasped and he felt her stiffen. He continued to lick her neck and collarbone as he felt her hands cover his and push the straps off her shoulders. He stepped back slightly and admired her. Jess didn't know whether to be self conscious or sexy. She took another sip from the wine bottle and did her best to look sexy. Bo put a finger on her lips. She kissed it as he let it trail down her chin, over her neck, down the center of her body to her belly button. He circled it, tickling it lightly, and she giggled as he let his finger move back up. She stepped toward him, stumbling slightly. He steadied her with his hands on her hips as she began to unbutton his shirt. When she had finished, her hands moved inside his shirt, making him squirm as she lightly moved her nails up his torso to his shoulders, pushing his shirt off and to the floor. 

Jessica stood looking at him, breathing heavily. She took another sip of wine then looked Bo in the eye as she reached behind her and unhooked her bra. She pulled it off of her shoulders, and then straightened her arms, letting it fall to the floor. Now it was his turn to stare. She had long, full breasts that swayed slightly as she moved. He reached out and lightly ran the backs of his hands over them. She had large, red nipples that he could feel beginning to grow erect. She groaned softly at his touch, watching his hands move. He took her shoulders and gently turned her away from him, moving close behind her. He took a drink of wine and offered her some. She took another deep drink and he set the bottle down. She looked over her shoulder and he leaned in to kiss her deeply as his fingertips rubbed slow circles along her waist, just above where her dress was gathered at her hips. Gently, he pushed her dress over her hips, letting it fall to the carpet joining the growing pile of clothes. She gasped, but didn't pull away. He let his hands move slowly up her belly, caressing gently. It tickled slightly and she couldn't help wiggling as his hands moved upward. When they reached her breasts, he traced their outline with his fingertips and she sighed, turning her head to kiss him again. As they kissed, he let his hands cup her breasts. They felt incredible and he began to knead them firmly. Jessica moaned, enjoying the sensations. Bo could feel her nipples become erect against his palms. He began to suck on Jess's neck as his fingers lightly pinched and pulled her nipples. She moaned again, arching her back to push her breasts into his hands. 

She turned to face him stumbling again from the effects of the wine and her growing arousal. He caught her with a smile and she pressed herself against him. Bo loved the feel of her big, soft breasts pressing against him as they kissed heatedly. Without breaking the kiss, Jessica reached down and began fumbling with his belt. After several seconds of fumbling, he reached down and helped her. She mumbled "thank you" through the kiss and they both chuckled as she unbuttoned his pants. She broke the kiss and looked at him seriously, her hands resting on his pants. Bo gently, touched her face and whispered, "You ok?" 

Jess nodded. "Yes," she said, "I want this too." With that, she pushed both his pants and his shorts over his hips so that they fell to the floor. He stepped out of them as she sat down on the sofa. He started to sit beside her, but she shook her head. "Come here and stand in front of me," she whispered. She took another sip of wine as he stepped between her spread legs. Her face was level with his waist and she looked at his awakened, but not yet rigid penis, then up into his eyes. Her fingertips began to lightly stroke his thighs, starting on the outside and slowly moving inward. What she did next almost made his eyes pop out of his head. She leaned in and lightly kissed the head of his penis. Then, she slid the bottom of her tongue in a circle over the top of the head. His penis twitched and began to thicken and lengthen as she stroked the bottom of the head with the top of her tongue. By this time, her stroking fingers had reached his crotch and she ran her nails lightly over his balls. He shivered and groaned as his penis grew thick and hard. She continued to kiss and lick the head as she ran her nails up the shaft and began to stroke it. He watched in awe as she ministered to his penis. A groan escaped his lips as the pleasure heightened. He stepped back out of her reach before he lost control, staring first at his swollen, throbbing cock and then at Jessica. She smiled wantonly and he grinned. 

She tried to rise, but fell back, giggling. Bo reached down and took her hands, pulling her to her feet. She giggled again as his erection pressed against her belly. He smiled and gently guided her toward the bedroom. Once inside, he embraced her, kissing her earnestly. She responded eagerly, moaning softly. His hands moved to the waistband of her panties. He ran his fingers all the way around, and then looked into her face. Her mouth was open and her breathing uneven as she nodded her assent. Slowly, he pushed her panties over her hips and let them drop to the floor. Jessica shivered involuntarily. Bo put his hands on her hips and slowly pulled her to him, giving her another long, slow kiss. They kissed for several minutes and he let his hands glide over her, using just his fingertips to tease and arouse her. She broke the kiss, breathing heavily and looked up at him. "Lie down," he whispered. 

Jessica lay back on the bed and Bo stared down at her. Without thinking, his hand moved to his penis as his eyes moved down her body. Her breasts and stomach were rising and falling with each ragged breath. His eyes came to rest on her pussy. She had a small patch of blonde hair just above it. The lips were slightly swollen and he thought he saw a hint of moisture. His hand stroked his stiff penis and he licked his lips in anticipation as he reclined on his side beside her. He stroked her hair as he leaned in to kiss her. His other hand moved over her body. It moved over her nipples and slowly down her belly, then between her thighs. Very gently, he began to stroke her pussy lightly with two fingers. Jessica jumped at the sensation, but didn't break their kiss. The lips of her pussy were warm and slightly wet. After a few seconds, her pussy lips began to open like a flower and his fingers found the source of her wet heat. She groaned and moved her hips restlessly. His fingers found her clitoris, circled it ever so lightly, and then began to rub her pussy slowly with his fingers, steadily opening her and moving deeper. 

Jessica moaned deep in her throat, enjoying the sensations. Bo broke their kiss and began to lick and suckle her neck and throat. The combination of his fingers on her sex and his lips and tongue on her neck made her squirm and giggle. He smiled, never changing the pace of his fingers, but moving his head to lick over her collarbone and plant kisses on the tops of her heaving breasts. She watched him through half closed eyes, running a hand through his close cropped black hair as his lips moved over her breasts. Her pussy seemed to grow wetter with each stroke of his fingers and he increased the pace slightly as his tongue began to circle her right nipple. Jessica groaned again, then gasped as he took it in his lips and began to suck on it. He began to move his head up and down slowly, pulling on her nipple, matching the tempo of his fingers. Her breath was coming faster and her eyes were closed. Unconsciously, her hips had begun to move to the rhythm of his fingers. 

Bo leaned across her body and repeated his ministrations on her left nipple. She let a long, low moan and pushed on his head as he teased and sucked on it. His fingers increased the pace again. He kissed her and she responded passionately, her tongue probing his mouth and dancing against his. As his fingers moved in her, he let his thumb begin to slide against her clit each time his fingers slid in. Her hands which had been balling up the bed clothes now moved to her breasts. She caressed them and rubbed her sensitive nipples. Then, she let one hand move down beside his hand that was stroking her, and the other groped until it found his rigid penis. She then began to stroke his shaft vigorously matching the tempo of his fingers. Her hips were humping his hand now and she was groaning loudly. 

Without her even realizing it, he broke their kiss. As he kneeled there on his knees, his desire grew into a raging inferno. The sights of her pretty face contorted in pleasure, her full breasts heaving and jiggling, her body bucking against his hand, and her long, delicate fingers stroking his penis were driving him wild with lust. 

Bo continued to stroke Jess' now sopping wet pussy as he pivoted and knelt between her legs. As he did, her fingers lost their grasp on his rigid member and she frowned slightly. He moved in closer, placing his penis just above her pussy and her hand found it again, this time running her nails lightly from his balls to the tip of his head and back. He leaned his head back and moaned softly. Her moans were becoming cries of pleasure as his fingers continued to stroke her. Slowly, he took her hand with one of his, and removed his hand from her pussy. He lowered himself until his shaft was touching her wet slit and began to rub it slowly up and down. Her eyes got wider and she moaned.

He sighed at the scent of her arousal and the feel of her against his shaft. He wanted more than anything to sink his penis into her. He looked down into her eyes and said quietly, "Jess, are you ready?"

A flicker of fear crossed her face, then her eyes met his and her hand caressed the head of his penis. "Yes," she said huskily. "Make love to me, Bo." He didn't need any further encouragement. He continued to rub his now wet shaft against her engorged pussy, but now he let it move lower with each movement until his head was at the entrance to her sex. As gently as he could, he pushed it into her. Both of their eyes went wide as her steaming pussy opened and he entered her easily. He kept still for a moment, letting her adjust, and then began a slow, shallow thrust. Only his swollen head was inside her and the feel of it against her pussy lips was exquisite for both of them. Her eyes met his as he gently pushed deeper. Her legs spread wider, welcoming him further and further into her. He bent and kissed her. "I love you," she murmured. 

"I love you too, Jess," he purred feeling her body begin to match his tempo. Her legs went around his hips and he sat upright, reaching down to cradle her butt and watching his penis piston in and out of her wet, soft pussy. The sight of his cock sliding steadily in and out of her was so hot! He bent over her again and her legs pulled him deeper. They both moaned and he kissed her again as she squeezed his butt. "Suck my nipples," she begged, and he complied. He had to decrease his depth, but he kept thrusting steadily as he licked, sucked, and pulled with his lips on first her left, then her right nipple. Her ragged breath shortened into gasps and moans. "Oh, god," she whimpered lustfully. 

Bo moved his face back to hers and they kissed again passionately as their bodies moved together more quickly. He was in as deep as he could get now, but he was doing his best not to be rough, so his thrusts were not hard. He gently turned her face and began to lick and suckle her left earlobe. She shivered and moaned loudly, her hips bucking hard against him. He did the same to the right one, causing her back to arch and her pussy to clamp on his shaft. 

"Ohhhh," she moaned. Bo could tell from the sounds she was making and the movement of her body that she was getting close. He was glad because he was too. Already, he could feel a stirring in his balls. Gently, he pushed her legs up to his waist. She was wide open and he went from the short, gentle thrusts he'd been using to longer, firmer ones. She groaned, clenching her legs around his torso. He looked into her eyes and they were wild. Her breath was ragged and loud and punctuated by moans and whimpers that seemed to increase in volume with each thrust of his penis. 

All of a sudden Jess' eyes flew open, her pussy clenched, her back arched, and she tried to scream. Her spasming pussy clamped down on his thrusting cock as she tried to impale herself even deeper. Her whole body seemed to tense, and finally she caught her breath and screamed, "YES!!! YES, YES YESSS!! OHMYFUCKINGGOD!!" 

She continued to shake and scream, trying to ram his penis deeper. "Fuck me Bo! FUCK ME! OH! UHhhhhhh! Don't stop, baby! Don't stop! Cum in me! Cum! Oh, please god, CUM!"

The added friction of her shaking, squirming body, combined with her unexpectedly strong orgasm, her passionate screams, and his own desire quickly overwhelmed Bo's self control. "Say it again, baby," he grunted, thrusting harder and faster. 

Jess' wide eyes met his and she screamed, "FUCK ME, BO!" She grabbed his hips, trying to pull him deeper inside her, grunting and moaning with each of his increasingly desperate thrusts. "Shoot it!" she cried. "CUM INSIDE ME! FILL ME UP! OHHH, god! Do it! DO IT!"
