 A bright, sunny morning with hardly a cloud in the sky; the girls had risen from their beds and had showered and dressed by 9.30. They took their breakfast of coffee and buttered toast on the terrace, sitting opposite each other with the low onyx-topped table between them.

Jane was helping herself to more coffee. She was wearing a blue silk blouse. The blouse was semi-transparent, the white lace on the top of her camisole was showing through it.

Looking over at her friend as she nibbled at a slice of toast, Susan could see she was not wearing a bra, she could clearly discern the outline of Jane's small, pert breasts beneath the two thin layers of clothing.

'It's going to be very hot this afternoon,' Jane said, placing her feet on the edge of the table. 

'Yes, it's quite warm already,' Susan replied, as she unfastened the single button on her linen jacket and leaned back on her chair, causing her breasts to thrust out against her white chiffon blouse. 

'I hope you are not going to our picnic dressed like that,' Jane said, observing that Susan wasn't wearing anything underneath her blouse; the coral pink aureoles and perky tips of her firm, rounded breasts were clearly visible beneath the sheer, lustrous chiffon. 

'Dressed like what?' Susan asked. 

'Wearing a see-through blouse with nothing beneath.' 

'Well, you yourself said it was going to be hot this afternoon.' 

'That's hardly the point,' Jane said, lifting her feet onto the tabler and drawing back her royal blue skirt until it rested across her slender thighs. 

Emulating her friend, Susan placed her feet at the edge of the table and hitched up her black cotton skirt until the hem lay across her hips, exposing her long, suntanned legs and her white silk French knickers. 

'I'm really looking forward to today's picnic,' she said. 'David is quite a dish, isn't he?' 

Jane nodded in agreement. 

'How old do you think he is?' Susan asked. 

'Early 20s. 25 at the most, I'd guess.' 

'He's got a terrific bod, from what I could see of it. Very muscular.' 

'I wonder if he has a big willie?' Jane ventured. 

Susan felt a tingling thrill racing through her body, her imagination sparked by her friend's words. 

'Yes, I should imagine it's very long and thick.' 

'Oh, Susan!' Jane laughed, noticing that Susan's nipples had stiffened and were now jutting out against her blouse. 'Look at your boobs!' 

Susan was well aware of her state of arousal. She raised her hands to her breasts and gently cupped them, her thumbs stroking the silky fabricof her blouse against her nipples. '

'It's your fault for bringing up the subject of David's willie,' she said, pouting her full lips at Jane. 

'Calm down, for goodness sake,' Jane playfully admonished her, a teasing smile spreading across her elfin-like face. 'If you're not careful you'll be creaming those gorgeous knickers.' 

'Do you like them?' Susan asked, as she moved her hands down to finger the scallops of lace that decorated the hemsof the loose legs of her knickers. 

'They're absolutely divine. I'm sure they're heavenly to wear.' 

'I bought them at La Perla when I drove into town yesterday, while you were out riding. They were rather expensive.'

'Oh, don't tell me how much they were,' Jane said, feigning a sulk. 'You'll have me turning green with envy.' 

'They cost over £100.' Susan laughed as she trailed her fingertips across her abdomen. 

'Gosh!' Jane exclaimed. 'I could never afford to spend that much on underwear.' 

'Not that I paid for them – I used one of Mother's credit cards.'

'Whilst I'm at uni I have to make do with the £50 a month clothing allowance my father sends me.'

'£50 a month! How do you get by on that?'

'Exactly,' Jane said, running her hand through her short-cropped black hair, 'you should try telling him that. But I have to admit that if I see something that really takes my fancy, like the new camisole and panties set I'm wearing today, I can usually cajole Daddy into paying for it – but if I were to ask him for £100 for a pair of knickers he'd probably have a seizure.'

'Umm, new undies. Show, Jane, do!'

Complying with Susan's request, Jane parted her legs to reveal a pair of ice-blue, bikini-style panties. The upper section of the panties were transparent; an inch or so of Jane's pubic hair was showing above the shiny gusset, which had an opaque double layer of fabric. As she opened her legs wider, the gusset stretched taut between them, clinging to the contours of her labia like a second skin.

'Lovely,' Susan declared. 'I'm sure David will fully appreciate such a delightful sight.' 

'And what makes you think David is going to see my panties?' Jane asked as she closed her legs. 

'Oh, I know you well enough darling. I'm sure you will contrive a way of offering him a look up your skirt at some point during our picnic.' 

Both girls broke into a fit of laughter, which only stopped when the maid appeared on the terrace. They removed their feet from the table as she approached them.

'Have you finished your breakfasts, Miss Susan, Miss Jane?' 

'Yes Jenny, you can clear the table now.' Susan answered. 

The maid placed the crockery and the coffee pot on the silver tray. 

'If I may be permitted to say Miss Susan, I think you would be wise to cover yourself up. Your mother is on her way down, and you know Her Ladyship's views on personal modesty.'

'Yes, you're right, Jenny.' Susan said, rising to her feet. She buttoned her jacket, and ran her hands through her shoulder-length blonde hair. 'We don't want to start the day on the wrong foot.'

****

Lady Dovescote was already sitting in the armchair by the French windows, reading the morning paper, when the girls entered the lounge.

'Who is this young man you have invited to your picnic this afternoon Susan?' Her mother asked, putting down her newspaper. 

'Oh Mother, I've already told you twice.' Susan replied. 'His name is David Carswell, and he is staying at Whitestone Manor as a guest of Sir Richard.'

'That's all well and good,' her mother said. 'But what exactly does he do?' 

'David works in the city Mother, he's some kind of accountant. He does a lot of work for Sir Richard. He's only staying over until tomorrow, that's why we invited him to our picnic today.' 

'I do wish you would let Jenny chaperone you. She has very little to do today, I'm sure I won't miss her. You know I do not considered it appropriate for two 19 year-old girls to go picnicking in the wood with a young man of whom they appear to know very little. I don't want to be worrying about the pair of you all afternoon.' 

'We're going in the mini moke, there will be no room for Jenny. If you are so worried about our safety, why don't you phone Sir Richard and ask his opinion of David?' Susan said, knowing that her mother would do no such thing. 

'Very well then,' Lady Dovescote relented. 'I'll tell Cook to pack a hamper for you. She can prepare salad sandwiches, and there is a veal and ham pie in the larder that you can take.'

Lady Dovescote was about to resume reading her morning paper when she looked up at Susan again, as though she had just remembered something. 

'By the way, I don't suppose either of you have seen my Barclaycard. I'm almost certain I left it on the table in the hallway, next to the telephone, yesterday morning.' 

'Oh Mother, your memory is getting worse than ever,' Susan declared. 

'I'm only 49 years of age dear. Senile dementia can hardly be setting in just yet.' Lady Dovescote chided her daughter. 

'Jane and I will keep an eye out for your credit card. I'm sure it will eventually turn up somewhere,' Susan said, gratefully drawing a line under the subject. 

****

The girls had arranged to meet David Carswell at Crofter's Wood, which marked the boundary between Lady Dovescote and Sir Richard's properties at the southernmost point of the Dovescote estate. Susan's family had used the grassy dell in the wood as a picnic site for as far back as she could remember. Her father had set up a sturdy wooden table there, with bench-type seats attached to it.

David was already waiting for the them when the girls arrived in the moke. He was wearing a white, short- sleeved shirt, fawn-coloured trousers and a pair of white tennis shoes. Unlike when they had stopped to chat with him whilst out riding the previous Sunday, he wasn't wearing a hat; a shock of blond hair now hung down across his forehead. 

In her eagerness to greet David, Jane quickly climbed out of the moke, leaving Susan to carry the hamper and woollen travelling rug.

'Hello Jane.' David smiled at her as she approached him. 'How nice to see you again. I must say you are looking rather stunning today.' 

'Thank you,' she replied. 

'Hi Susan,' David greeted Susan as she joined them. 

'Hello David. I hope we've not kept you waiting too long.' 

'No, not at all - and besides if you had it would have been well worth the wait. 'I was just complimenting Jane on her appearance, and I must say you too look absolutely ravishing.' 

Susan led the way down the woodland path to the dell. Jane and David followed, her arm linked through his.

When they reached the dell Susan placed the hamper and the rug on the end of the picnic table; David sat down at the end of the table where she had begun unpacking the hamper and Jane sat down next to him.

'Oh, do hurry Susan,' Jane said. 'I'm famished. We've had nothing to eat since breakfast.'

Cook had packed two bottles of lemonade in the hamper; but Susan had taken them out and replaced them with two bottles of Chardonney. 

'Allow me,' David said. He uncorked the bottle and poured the wine out equally into the three large glasses that Susan had placed on the table.

Susan filled three plates with salad sandwiches and a generous slice of veal and ham pie, then sat down opposite David and Jane who had already started drinking their wine.

The three of them chatted as they ate. David kept the girls entertained with amusing tales concerning his work in the city. Jane chipped in with a few anecdotes about university life; but for the most part, Susan had very little to say throughout their lunch.

'I'm getting too warm for me,' Susan said, as David uncorked the second bottle of wine. 'I think I'll take off my jacket.' 

She unbuttoned her jacket and slipped it off, folding it neatly and placing it on the bench beside her. She noticed David's eyes widening appreciably when he realised that she was not wearing anything under her blouse. Her awareness of David's attention, plus the warm breeze gently wafting the lustrous chiffon against her breasts soon caused her nipples to stiffen, which served to pique David's interest all the more.

Much to her vexation, Jane could not help but notice David's overt interest in Susan's breasts. She pressed her leg up against his and left it there in an attempt to divert his attention from Susan's pouting nipples, but her ploy drew no reaction from him.

When they finished their meal, Susan took the travelling rug over to a spot in the sun, where she shook it out and let it fall onto the grass. She then walked back to the table and placed her hands on David's shoulders. 

'Come on David, let's lie in the sun for a while.' 

'Good idea,' David replied, standing up and swinging his leg over the bench seat. 'I'm afraid I don't get much time for sunbathing. I'll make the most of it while I have the chance.'

David walked over to where the rug was spread out on the grass, unbuttoning his shirt as he did so.

Susan drank the rest of her wine before setting off to follow him. Jane made to get up, intending to join them; but with a wave of her hand Susan motioned her to stay where she was.

David was stretched out on the rug with his shirt wide open as Susan walked over. Seeing his eyes were closed, she took a long look at his body. Although it was plain to see that he hadn't done any sunbathing that summer, she could tell that he had spent a lot of time in the gym; she pursed her lips in admiration as she feasted her eyes on his pectoral muscles. She lay down on the rug, leaving a two foot gap between them.

Sensing her presence, David opened his eyes and sat up. 

'You make a really pretty picture lying there like that Susan,' he said, looking directly into her pale-blue eyes. 'I hope you don't mind me feasting my eyes on you.' 

'Be my guest,' she replied, closing her eyes. 

'No, don't close your eyes - they fascinate me.' 

'Oh my, you are a charmer, aren't you!' Susan smiled, opening her eyes again.

'Ah, you suspect that my compliments conceal an ulterior motive.' 

'And why should I think that?' 

'Your blouse - you must have noticed the effect it had on me when you took your jacket off.'

Susan felt her cheeks start to flush. 

'Oh dear, I've made you blush.' 

'Well, I wasn't expecting such a direct answer.'

'I don't believe in beating around the bush.'

'Evidently.'

'So, may I kiss you?' 

'You may, or you may not,' Susan replied, leaving him in no doubt that his next move would be have to be entirely of his own initiative. 

David immediately drew closer to her and put his arm around her shoulders. 

Susan felt her heart beating faster as his face loomed closer until their lips finally met. He kissed her gently, his lips barely touching hers. Moving his head away from her, his hand brushed away couple of stray wisps of blonde hair from her face before he moved in to kiss her again. This time it was a much more passionate kiss. Susan's lips yielded to his, inviting him to take full advantage of her rising passion. He did not disappoint her; they were soon ardently kissing each other, his tongue exploring the inside of her mouth.

Jane was annoyed at Susan for not inviting her to join her and David on the rug. After a few minutes brooding, she threw her legs over the bench seat and turned to face them. She was not in the least surprised to see her friend and David locked in a passionate embrace.

'Mmm, Susan, you kiss like an angel,' David said, removing his tongue from her mouth.

'Flattery will get you everywhere,' she murmured provocatively. 

'And does everywhere mean everywhere?' 

'Oh, you shouldn't take me so literally,' she replied, a wry smile playing on her lips. 'I can see I'll have to choose my words more carefully. I wouldn't want to give you the wrong impression.'

'And I'll have to stop interpreting your metaphors as open invitations.' David laughed as he sat up and adjusted the front of his trousers. Having made himself more comfortable, he looked down at Susan's breasts, her aroused nipples poking out against the sheer fabric of her blouse. He leaned over, placing his arm back around her shoulders and his hand at her waist, from where he slowly moved it up her blouse until he was cupping her breast. He ran his thumb around the circumference of her aureole and then gently fondled the nipple with his finger and thumb. 

'Ooooh.' Susan could not withhold a sigh of pleasure as he began to thumb the silky fabric against the swollen tip of her breast.

'Such beautiful nipples,' he said softly, as he moved his hand over to her other breast and continued his fondling. 'Can I kiss them?' 

'Yes please,' she murmured, closing her eyes in anticipation. 

As David started to unbutton her blouse he looked over at the picnic table, and saw that Jane was watching them. 

Jane was taken by surprise when David looked over at her. She smiled at him, but David didn't seem to notice. She quickly realised that she had been sitting with her legs parted, and Davids eyes were fixed on the gap between her knees. Eager to retain his attention, as she hitched up her skirt a couple of inches and opened her legs wide enough to give him an unobstructed view of her panties.

'Would you like me to do it?' Susan asked, her eyes still closed as David fiddled about with the top button of her blouse, his eyes fixed on the taut, shiny gusset of Jane's panties. 

'No, no. I want to do it myself,' David replied, turning his attention back to her.

Jane threw her legs over the bench seat, and sat with her back to them as David began kissing Susan's breasts. She was fuming; angry with herself for opening her legs to David, and more so at him in that he hadn't even acknowledged her gesture.

Moving from one breast to the other, David kissed Susan's nipples, flicking his tongue against them as he did so. 

Susan squeeze her thighs tightly; she could feel her vagina moistening as her passion mounted in response to David's tongue teasing her nipples. 

Sensing the heightening of her arousal from the soft, purring noises she was making, David's hand moved down from her waist. 

Susan quickly crossed her legs as David put his hand under the hem of her skirt and began to stroke her her knee. Sucking on her nipple, he took it completely into his mouth as his hand travelled up her leg until his fingers reached the lace on the hem of her knickers. 

'Mmm, French knickers,' he said, raising his head from her breast as his fingertips travelled over the scalloped lace and on to the loose leg of her knickers. 

Keeping her legs crossed, Susan experienced a warm, tingling sensation in her abdomen as his hand his hand moved onto the front of her knickers.

'And you defoliate too!'

'I had a full Brazilian wax yesterday,' Susan said, as she made a vain attempt to move his hand. 'But don't read anything into that. I didn't have it done for your benefit.' 

'Oh, as if such a thought would have entered my head,' he replied, as his index finger edged her kickers into the top of her labial slit.

Susan opened her eyes and looked over at Jane, who was sitting with her back to them. 

'Kiss me, please, David,' she said. 

Casting her modesty aside, she uncrossed her legs and opened them wide enough to allow him access to her vagina.

David kissed her as he moved his hand inside of the leg of her knickers. Susan was trembling with passion as his fingers came into contact with her labia. His tongue entered her mouth, entwining with hers as as his hand explored the swollen lips between her legs. He ran his middle finger up and down her slit, gently easing open her labial lips, allowing a few drops of her vaginal secretions to seep out.

'That's nice,' she purred, breaking away from his kissing as David ran his finger in a circular movement around her ultimate pleasure point. 'Keep doing that, and kiss my nipples again too.'

David moved his head down to her breasts and began kissing each nipple alternately as he teased her clitoris. 

'Yes, yes, keep doing that,...oooh, oooh, that's so nice.' 

David moved his finger faster, increasing the pressure on her clitoris. Susan was loosing all control, her thighs gripped his hand and her cries of pleasure increased in volume as her orgasm approached.

'Oh, yes, yes..you're making me come....I'm coming, I'm coming...ooh, ooooh...yeesss.'

David continued to manipulate her clitoris after Susan climaxed, slowing down his finger movements as her orgasm gradually subsided. He then moved his index finger down, and eased it between her inner lips and into her vagina, causing a trickle of her secretions to flow out.

'You're nice and moist,' he whispered in her ear. 'I think you're ready now.'

'Are you going to...' Susan's voice trailed off. 

'Fuck you?' He smiled, looking directly into her eyes. 'Yes, I'm going to fuck you Susan - that is, if you want me to?' 

Susan nodded her consent, her eyes focusing on the bulge in his trousers. 

'Yes, I am rather big in the trouser snake department,' he said, noticing where her gaze was fixed. 'We will need something to put under your bottom, so that I'll be able to enter you fully.' 

'There's a small pillow in the moke, Mother uses it to sit on when she's driving. Will that do?' She asked. 
