 I met a girl who had long red talons as finger nails, something that had always had me squirming in erotic fantasy. From the off she was in between my legs giving me excellent oral and always using her long sharp nails. Scraping up my ridged shaft and scratching my balls. Her moist tongue dancing over my inflamed hard purple cock head driving me to heaven. 

She would punctuate this pleasure with her mouth completely engulfing my cock to the back of her throat and slowly sucking upwards while running a nail agonisingly down my shaft before eventually making my whole being shudder with a nail down the eye of my cock! 

It wasn't long before I was on the edge of pumping my spunk down the back of her throat. I writhed and squirmed on the precipice of orgasm holding on to my cum for dear life. She fired her trigger. She inserted a long red polished finger up my ass and I shot my cum uncontrollably down her throat. 

Another time we were in the 69 position with me lapping away at her pussy making her moan and groan in ecstasy. At the same time she had my cock in my mouth trying to get me off. I had her on the ropes as she succumbed to my attention to her inner thighs and pussy, my cock rolling out of her mouth as she went into a pre-orgasmic reverie.

I smiled knowing she would be soon be uncontrollably submitting to her on coming orgasm!

I felt her hands on my ass, pushing between my balls and anus but then she did it. She raked both of her nails along each side of my torso and a thrilling shiver went up my spine. The splendour on the wave of ecstasy made me groan and my face came off her pussy in a spasm. She raked me again with her nails catching me perfectly, making my back arch as I cried in seventh heaven as the euphoria hit my brain.

She knew she had me on the ropes, captured by the delightful torture of her red sharp nails. She laughed delighted at her new found power and said, "you can go back to work now."

A week later I was flying home. Dirty thoughts started to invade my mind of what I could get up to with this new girl. I dreamed all sorts of lewd exploits that I knew she would be up for. These thoughts soon had me erect and I quickly had to cover my bulge by lowering the food tray.

Straight off the plane, straight to her house with one thought on my mind, burying my bone deep in her and as many times as possible.

She was delighted to see me and invited me in. She was doing her nails professionally and I looked on in excitement knowing that as soon as they were dry they would be erotically invading my body.

We went into the living room and I made my move. I took her in my arms and kissed her lips. My hands made their way down her torso and then over her tight sexy ass. My tongue urgently made its way into her mouth as my hands kneaded her hard buttocks. My cock instantly hardened as I pulled her onto me, my mouth unlocking and going down to her boobs. 

This was what I liked about Wendy, she was a big girl and always up for it. As soon as I got into her house it was only a matter of time before her panties were down. When I said suck, she sucked, when I said bend over for a spanking, bent she over for a spanking, when I said, get on your back and open your legs she duly did as she was told. 

"Yes. yes, yes," she said pulling away, "but first I want to watch the climax of "the Bill!" 

"What!" I exclaimed. "But what about my cock?" I selfishly asked.

"It'll have to wait, you did come around unannounced."

"You'd rather watch 'the Bill' then fuck, a tenth rate soap."

"Its the climax!"

It looked like Wendy had found something she could resist me over. A soap! It was too much for my ego to take. 

I eventually submitted and sat beside her in a huff, my cock on the horn as a very boring show played out. The adverts came and I jumped on her, kneading her boobs and shoving my hand down her panties.

'No!" She demanded, "do that again and you can wait in the bedroom!"

What! It looked like Wendy had grown a pair!

I resigned myself to obediently waiting for the half hour to drag to a close. Another advert break and again I made a grab at her boobs!

"Get off!" She demanded.

What! It looked like Wendy had become a lesbian! There couldn't possibly be another reason.

"But this is only a half hour programme," I protested.

"No, This is an hour and a half special."

"What!" The one time a silly soap had got between me and pumping a moisten pussy and it had to be an extended show.

I sat and watched quietly feeling surplus to requirements when eventually I sensed movement in my peripheral vision I could see her red talons making their way to my fly.

"At last," I thought "I knew she couldn't resist my cock for long," and I lay back and let her fingers work their way through my button fly onto my hard cock. I jumped as she speared my sensitive spot and once more the power of her nails had my mind and body trembling. Her nailed finger was under my frenulum slowly moving back and forth! God it was so rousingly novel, being wanked by a nail! 

I groaned in a appreciation, swooning in delight begging for more and then. The end of the ad break and her finger was hastily withdrawn!

Oh no! What on earth could be wrong with her!

I disdainfully went back to watching the programme and surprisingly after a few minutes, during the show her nail visited my cock! It hit the spot on my cock once more and slowly wanked it, keeping me hard. Agh! She was deliberately keeping me on the boil through out, the power of her nail teasing me until her bloody programme had ended! She was going to pay for this.

She nail wanked my cock again and to my surprise I spasmodically jerked.

"No! stop!" You're going to make me cum! A wicked smile etched its way across her face as she increased the speed. 

"No Mercy!" I begged and pulled her hand away from my stiffness.

I sat like a good boy until the end of the programme.

"Right, lets fuck!" I demanded.

I raced upstairs and stripped off and laid on the bed naked, cock standing hard to attention.

She came in the bedroom slowly stripping off while laughing, "this is a first, its usually me waiting."

I eagerly helped whip down her silk black panties and pulled her onto the bed, laying on top of her and quickly spreading her legs to push my eager cock head ready to penetrate. Hard!

"Make me wait would you?" I evilly thought. "You're going to get nailed hard and fast for that!"

"Before you start," she intervened "You might want to take it steady at first as I'm not quite ready."

"Not ready! Tough! I'm gonna fuck you hard!" I evil announced to myself. With that thought I shoved my cock into her arid vagina hard and fast as I promised myself, aiming to take her right up to the balls in one hard thrust.

There was a huge scream, from me! I almost ripped my fore skin off and yelled in pain!

"Are you okay?" she said deeply concerned as I rolled off her and inspected my cock for damage.

"Yes, I'm still in one piece," I grimaced.

"Get in me, keep still and let me stretch around you," she gayly instructed completely unaware of my attempt to bang her hard.

Slowly I obediently entered her until eventually the purple headed train reached the station.

We kissed as I kept still pushing blood into my cock now and then to push her fanny walls out.

She was completely relaxed and when she was completely off guard I quickly pulled back my cock and quickly banged her once.

She gasped as I hit home and I smiled.

"I made you gasp," I teased as she looked up at me smiling provocatively.

I quickly shoved my cock hard in and she gasped again.

I laughed heartily, "I did it again! You're a slave to my cock."

I quickly pounded her twice drawing two gasps making me laugh with my power and her complete subservience.

I looked into her face and could see her biting her lip readying herself for the next hard helping of prime cock.

I smiled and waited and waited, I waited until I saw her bite loosen and then I quickly fucked her hard with one thrust, making her gasp hard again. 

"I win again slave," I teased laughing and then catching her off guard yet again with three quick shunts, making her openly cry out. "Got you again! A slave on the end of my cock," I triumphantly announced.

She clearly didn't enjoy being used, which made me enjoy it even more.

I said, "penises are wonderful things you know."

"Oh yeah," she said, her voice slightly quavering as I thrust into her hard and deep just once before continuing my lecture.

"Yes, you can have intercourse with them." I said thrusting hard into her at the end of my sentence, bringing forth a slight gasp of breath.

"You can give someone a good Rogering," as I gave her two quick thrusts in succession, making her gasp louder.

"Or give you a boning," I said watching her face for any dissent about my sexist mutterings. I could see she was trying hard to keep her face in a restful semblance.

"Or give you a dam good seeing too!" I then thrusted into her hard three times slipping in right up to my balls.

Still there was no verbal dissent but I was sure she didn't like being abused.

"Or fuck you senseless." I said watching her steel herself for a hard fucking. This time though I waited and as soon as her guard was down I gave her a short burst of hard and fast fucking.

"Ha ha! Wonderful thing a penis, so much you can do with it," I needlessly informed as I came to a halt.

"Yes," she said in a suitably unimpressed tone.

"What was that?" I asked as I boned her hard again!

"Hey!" She protested as I come to rest.

"Yes just one last thing!"

"What?"

"I can nail you ass!" I fucked her at a high tempo for about thirty seconds laughing all the while.

I stopped and yet again she tried to compose herself. "How does it feel to be skewered on the end of my cock?"

"Oh come on, fuck me!" she protested.

Of course I didn't, I just kept still, my cock balls deep in her.

"Hmm this is nice, my cock hard up in you, He he, I'm just going to lay on top of you and give you a quick." On the word 'quick' I banged her to the hilt causing her to sigh, "fuck now and then to let you know who's boss!"

I smiled teasingly, "another slave to daddy dick," as I fucked and caught her off guard once more.

I lay still laughing to myself enjoying the sensation of my buried bone and then all of a sudden I felt some movement. She was moving her hips up and down fucking herself on my cock. "Oi! That's not allowed, stop it!"

She began to laugh and the message soon got to me that she could make me cum as I had been on the boil for such a long time.

"Hey I do the fucking," I demanded as she smiled and carried on thrusting her hips down hard on my cock. It was no use, she was hitting my cock hard and I had no escape but to shuffle down the bed a bit so she wasn't hitting my helmet with the business end of her pussy.

I smiled as she realised I had moved away from her hip stroking. Then she pushed her pussy down the bed again hitting my cock hard with her pulsing hips.

"No!" I protested, as once again my cock was in retreat. Going further and further down the bed to get away from her biting sensual pussy.

She smiled and shuffled down the bed after me making sure she was impaled to the hilt.

"Stop it or I won't fuck you." I threatened. "I don't care , I'm doing all right on my own." I hastily thought of some way of stopping her following me down the bed. I had an idea. I grabbed her nipples and pulled her boobs upwards.

"Hey thats not fair!" She winced as I smiled, safe in the fact I could go back to my long slow torturous fucking just as soon as my cock came away from the edge.

"Submit to the great king cock!" I demanded as I gave her the hardest thrust possible into her pounded pussy.

Her arms came up inside my arms and easily pushed them off the nipples they were holding and once more she shuffled down the bed to impale herself tight on my cock. 

Once more I retreated down the bed and once more she shuffled her ass down on tight on top of me.

I retreated again and fell off the end of the bed. We both laughed hard. "I think it's about time we put a condom on." 

I stood up and went to the bedside where the condoms were. We had a routine to make the sheathing of the cock more arousing. I would unwrap and put the hat on while she licked and rolled my balls.

"Play with my balls!" I demanded.

"Don't you mean play with my balls, bitch?"

"Yes, play with my balls bitch, if that's alright with you?" We both laughed.

I took the condom packet as she rolled and licked my balls and then suddenly, "Yipes!"

I looked down to see she had speared my hard balls with four of her long red nails! It looked amazing.

"Oh my god!" I exclaimed as she moved on to rake my shaft with two sharp red talons making me writhe.

"Oh my god!" She then brought both hands into play taking a firm grip on my balls and pulled me up on my toes.

"Who's the daddy now?" She laughed.

"You are, you are!" I squirmed.

"Who is?"

"You, You, you!" My strange cry went out as she pulled me further up by my balls as I struggled to go higher up on my toes.

She then brought three red long nails up in a prong and attacked my penis head. 

"Oh God!." I cried, a shiver going up my spine.

The talons bounced and pricked my shinny hardness driving me crazy.

"Oh my god!" As her nails bounced, bounced, bounced again and again on my cock head.

"Fuck!" I could see the nails breaking the skin of my helmet as I swooned and writhed with a pain I didn't want to escape from. I couldn't anyway as she had a firm grip on my balls.

"You're going to make me cum!"

She smiled and with a wicked grin and said, "Really?" She then attacked my cock head hard, scratching around the knob end, and then alternating between my cock eye and purple head, I soon cried out!

"Mercy!"

She gave no quarter and continued to bounce her red sharp talons on my cock head, occasionally scraping the shaft.

She tightened the nail attack around my cock eye and the game was up. I ejaculated hard, my spunk flying into the air courtesy her nail torture, again and again I spurted but still she attacked my cock until I was completely spent. Then she carried on, nailing the sensitivity of my cum drained cock. 

"Please!" I begged. 

"I Win, I win!" she laughed licking my spent spunk off her fingers.

We always used to have these little tussles for sexual dominance and it was great fun. She always had a trump card with those nails though. If she caught me right anywhere on my body I went into a shiver of delight. She always won, as she had the nails. If by some strange reason they didn't do the trick she always made me cum in the end anyway with her mouth or pussy, and didn't I love it.