 I caught him browsing men's jeans with a smile. I smiled back. I didn't see him come in. I decided to park the empty rack by the jeans and "set up shop" there. I would basically remove any non-men's jeans that got stuck in this men's section. He held up a pair of plain black jeans, something we both like. I caught him smiling at me again, and so I returned the favor. I tried for my non-platonic smile; basically the normal friendly smile with dimmer eyes.

"Hola, Lisa." he said to me in his quiet, almost sinister voice.

"Hola. ¿Como estas?" I replied in the Spanish that everyone seems to know.

"Muy bien, ¿y usted?" he answered, emphasizing that he was "muy" bien. 

"Bieeeen." I said, drawing out the "e" as always, which he laughed quietly at. 

There was a pause in our dialogue. I found a few pairs of obviously women's jeans a customer must have thrown in after deciding against. I put them on the rack. He glanced at me, smiling when he saw me glance back. 

"Me hiciste falta." I told him in the little bit of Spanish I could conjure up. "I missed you.", it meant. 

"¿Si? Yo tambien." He, too, missed me.

We broke eye contact for a moment as he traced the curves of my body with his eyes. I caught him, grinned at him.

"¿Te gusta? (Do you like?)" I flirted. He was giving me something my husband doesn't. He made me feel desired.

"Me encanta." he replied smoothly. (He loved it.) He laughed nervously afterward.

I stopped pawing through the jeans and walked right over to him. I didn't yet know exactly what I'd do. Hopefully I could conjure up enough Spanish.

"You're gonna try those on, aren't you?" I said in a rather seductive tone, though futilely, in the wrong language. 

He laughed a bit. "No," he managed to say in an accent "no entiendo." meaning of course that he didn't understand.

"¿Vas a probar estos? (You're going to try those?)" I asked, probably incorrectly in Spanish, nodding in the direction of the dressing room.

He turned a moment to look toward the dressing rooms.

"¿Puedo probar allí? (I can try there?)"

"Si.", I told him.

"O.K." he said, grinning, taking his jeans to the dressing room.

I fantasized about going in with him, maybe teaching him parts of the body in English.

The clothes rack by the dressing room was fairly full. I could go there to sort the clothes, making them easier to put away. I'd have a legitimate excuse to be there. Outside the action though. I looked around me. There may have been one or two little old ladies browsing around the shirts way up front by the register. The store was quiet. I was surprised that even he had come in the snow, but happy. I wanted to come in and touch him where no well-behaved retail worker should touch their customer. I followed him. He glanced at me, silently, slowly closing the door, seeming to wonder if I had the guts. Did I? Really? He laughed and closed the door. 

I sighed to myself, a little disappointed in me. I took a deep breath, and attempted to open it. Luckily, it was not locked. I stepped inside. He glared at me with a wild disbelief. The fly and zipper of his pants were undone. He was still slowly lowering his pants, caught in the act, staring me in the eyes. 

"You need help with that?" I said, just to be using my seductive voice.

"Si." he said, excitedly. He must have understood part of that. 

I felt my hands shaking as I slowly lowered his trademark black jeans, revealing cotton boxer shorts in a heathered slate sort of color. A nice contrast to his caramel skin, I thought. Did he see me shake? I wondered. Either way, I was getting what I wanted from him. I could see the excitement was mutual. He was a bit hard, pointing right at me, pleading with me to touch him.

"Mmm." he said, undoubtedly full of desires and thoughts of what I'd do to him.

He moved his hand onto his partial erection and began stroking it slowly. It looked nice enough, but I was dying to touch him myself by now. I stroked it very firmly, slowly. He thrusted his hips toward me. I wanted to hear all sorts of moans in Spanish, even if I could understand them. I wanted to take it out and suck it and have it in me at the same time. I was so excited. My pussy was so ready for him, tingling, undoubtedly wet, longing to feel him enter, unprotected.

I could imagine the contrast of his dark flesh and my whiteness. His cinnamon skin filling my pretty pink lips in more ways than one. I wondered if he could see the lust in my eyes as I fantasized like this. I was always told I have expressive eyes, that even though I may not say much that my eyes say it all. I wondered what he was thinking about. Perhaps my round ass I remember him fixated on as I bent down to dress the mannequins.

I continued stroking his shaft through the soft cotton boxers, concentrating on the upper middle where the soft responsive mound of flesh lies. I could see the pleasure in his big dark eyes.

"Allí mismo." he moaned ("Right there").

"Mmm. ¿Te gusta?" I asked again, with my sadly limited vocabulary.

"Aye, me gusta mucho." He liked it a lot. I could tell. 

There was a dark wet spot emerging right where his little head lies. I kissed it through the boxers. As I kissed down the rest of his shaft, he thrusted his hips, forcing his stiff erection hard against my mouth. 

He picked up my head by my long dark hair and said, "Abre la boca.". 

I looked up at him with a slight smile. He took down his shorts and his thick hardness sprang right out. I knew that "boca" meant "mouth". "Open" my mouth, maybe? What else could it mean? I obeyed and opened up for him to do as he pleases.

He placed the soft flesh of his hard cock on my tongue. He thrusted slowly into my mouth. I tightened around him. I had to lift my hand to stop his eager cock from meeting Ms. Gag Reflex. The hand with my wedding ring on it. We had spoke of open marriage, but he only very grudgingly agreed. We had special circumstances. I must have married the only man in the world who didn't like sex.

I began to feel dirty. He held my head, fingers through the hair of my scalp, taking it upon himself to thrust in and out. I could taste the sweetness of his precum. It drove me wild. I wanted that wet, sticky precum deep within my pussy, right where it doesn't belong. I thought about it as he fucked my mouth, right hand itching to rub my clitoris. 

"Mmm?" I said, mouth full of cock. He pulled out slowly. I kissed the drippy head as it came out.

"Mmm?" he mimmicked, as if to ask why I stopped, what I wanted.

I got up from kneeling before him and unzipped my pants.

"Quitate toda la ropa." he ordered.

"Toda la ropa?" All the clothes? Take them off? I guess? Pants at my feet, I took off my shirt, hearing the static of all my hair coming out. I had on a lacey black bra and a semi-matching polka-dotted lacey thong.

"Mmmf." he said, glancing down at my slim body, scantily clad and ready to fulfill him.

I looked down at my breasts, humble, nicely pushed up by the bra, and thought they would look nice with his thick white cum on them. Hopefully that's about where the cum would land. That, or in my mouth. I can't have any mixed children running around to explain to my husband.

"Mas. Toda la ropa." he said impatiently.

OK, ok. All my clothes, si señor. I unhooked my bra and tossed it onto the floor. I waited for him to say something about the panties. I was scared, not because what I have in there isn't just lovely, but because I can't risk pregnancy. Not at all. Can't afford a baby on this paycheck. Can't afford an abortion. Don't want children at all! Not now; not ever! Especially not with some strange Spanish man who just happens to shop where I work.

"Y las pantaletas." he said.

I looked down at my panties, pink polka-dotted with a bow.

"We can have fun with them on, can't we?" I pleaded. 

I turned around to show him my plump bottom, still very visible and sexy even with the panties on. Maybe he wouldn't need to take them off. I know he didn't understand me. I would just keep them on and please him in other ways. That would still be great, wouldn't it? I mean, how many times do you get customer service that good? Now he's just being greedy. Even if I did kinda bring it on myself. Maybe.

"No estoy en la píldora. (I'm not on The Pill.)" I told him.

"Que tonta." he says. ("How stupid.")

"Lo siento." I apologize, kind of feeling like I lead him on. 

Of course he would want to penetrate me if he got me alone. I should have known by how he looks at me. Without a warning, he grabs my rear and rubs my cheeks slowly, feeling the roundness, the soft firmness. He grabs the bottom, lifting my cheeks. He comes in closer with his erect cock, considerately wiping the moisture from his tip before gently poking my panties. Mmm. It feels so nice. This much couldn't harm me. Might as well allow it.

I thrust my rear backward, encouraging him to keep prodding, feeling so receptive to him, my clit throbbing in arousal. He pokes in a way that I can feel his tip right at my entrance and I love it. I want to take him inside this warm wetness I know he'll love so badly. I feel him move my thong aside.

"No." I say, something he'd surely understand. I already told him I'm not on the pill or anything. Surely he knows if he screws things up so badly this time there may not be a next time.

He teases my pussy with his silky, fully erect penis. He lingers around the outside, thrusting back and forth over my pussy lips. He grabs my hips as he thrusts. God, I love when a man does that. His tip enters my pussy.

"Cuidate." I blurt out, either telling him to be careful or take care. He laughs a bit loudly. I guess I told him to take care. 

"No voy a salir!" he says, jokingly, making fun of my Spanish. ("I'm not going to leave!")

"Sacque la pene cuando.. umm.. antes del orgasmo?" I piece together, trying to warn him to pull out before he cums. 

It then hits me like a ton of bricks that I'm fucking someone who doesn't even speak my language and I feel like such a slut. My ability to avoid pregnancy may depend on my ability to speak what now seems like an utterly foreign language. He inches so slowly into my depths and I just about melt all around him. He pulls out so slowly and finally responds, "Okay."

I sigh with relief. "I take it." he puts together with his poquito de ingles.

I think he understood me, so he should restrain himself if he wants there to be a next time. He pushes hard into me and picks up speed. He's fucking me doggy-style on the dirty floor of a dressing room. It feels so good to finally be filled with him. He grabs my modest, perky breasts, pulling my top half toward him. He caresses them slowly, erecting my deep pink nipples, which he pinches firmly. 

I want them to be suckled, but he's still inside, in and out, his hands sinking smoothly down my little body down to just where I want his fingers. Or not? He stops at my belly and caresses the bottom. What a tease. He circles softly with his hands and won't touch my clit. |

"Abajo." I almost whisper, trying to say "down".

He gives in and one hand clumsily fondles my attention-starved clitoris, the other hand still oddly fixated on my belly. He starts thrusting so hard and fast that he can probably feel the little push in my stomach.

"Uuuy." he moans, breathing heavily, my tight moist pussy massaging his dripping excited cock.

"Mmmm." I moan back, both wanting more and fearing more.

"Aye!" he moans and I "shhh" back. If we get caught, my boss will kill me.

"Aye." he says more quietly and breathy.

He's slowing down. Good. He must have remembered to pull out. He continues so slowly, letting me feel him more intensely. I tighten myself around his cock to feel it better.

"Uuumf." he moans, ramming his dark cock into me more now, hands feverishly exploring my breasts, belly, pussy.

"Aye dios mio." he moans, gripping my hips mercilessly, penetrating so deeply that my cervix feels him.

He holds himself deep inside and I begin to worry. As he pulls out slowly, I feel him spasm and spurt uncontrollably into my vagina, his hot wet seed soaking me deeply.

"Toma mi leche." he says in his deepest, most satisfied tone. ("Take my milk.")

"No!" I moan, pussy feeling incredible and ready to cum just as he did inside me. Just as I told him not to.

"Nooo." I moan again, practically purring.

I feel the last spasms of his cock and the hot semen soaking me, impregnating me, and I still don't want him to stop. My body wants that seed so bad. He pets my belly once more, deviously, pulling me into him, my tensing pussy walls sticky with his unwelcome baby batter. He fills me so fully that it leaks from inside of me and drips down out of me. 

He puts his hand under my dripping pussy and scoops some of the sperm. He rubs it all over my clitoris, slowly, deliberately, to my inner lips, and my ass. His hand jumps to my mouth and he pushes my head down into it. I lick it and suck off my fingers. He did so wrong the first time, I might as well let him do it again.