 Early the next morning I went to water Mrs. Wilson's, Rita's, flowers again. I gave them a good dousing and was lost in thoughts about the previous night. I jumped when I heard Rita tap on the window. She smiled and opened her robe to flash me her gorgeous tits. My cock started to get hard immediately. Then she blew a kiss at me and pointed to the backyard.

"Well good morning big boy." Rita greeted me as she grabbed my belt loop and pulled me into the kitchen for a passionate kiss. I kissed her back, sliding my tongue past hers into her mouth. As the kiss continued, I caressed her big tits and pulled on her nipples.

"Come on!" she said, taking my hand. Rita led me to her bedroom. "I need a quickie. Give me your big beautiful cock Paul!" She bent over the bed as I dropped my pants. 

Rubbing my cockhead against her juicy pussy, I heard her moan, "Oh gawd! Fuck me, I don't have much time! Put it in me Paul!" Rita demanded, "Fuck me like a slut! Give it to me honey!"

I eagerly pushed into Rita's hot hole. Again, the feeling of her inner walls caressing my cock triggered my need to thrust into her wildly. She was already so wet and we were quickly able to start a furious fucking action. My cock was sinking deep with each thrust causing Rita to moan loudly.

"Oh fuck Paul! That's it! I need this... Make me cum Paul! Just like that! I'm almost!!... " Her nasty encouragement made my cock throb harder and I too wanted to unload quickly. "Gonna cum!! Harder baby!!" I pounded my cock into Rita as hard as I could. "Fill me up! I'm cumming! Oohhh!! AHHHH!!"

Rita reached back between her legs and ran her fingernails across my balls. Her tight pussy clenching on my cock. "Cum for me Paul! I want it!" I tensed up and shot my cum into my neighbor's hot cunt. Pumping, I drenched her juicing pussy with my cream until my balls were empty. I collapsed against Rita's ass and kissed her back.

"Oh!! What a great way to start the day! MMmmm baby." Rita cooed. "Oh my gawd Paul." She slowly moved to let me know she wanted to get up. "Honey, unfortunately, I have to go. I have an appointment in an hour and you have to go to school don't you?" 

"Oh Rita, I wish we could stay here all day. I love fucking you."

"I know Paul. I love it too. Later, there will always be more later."

"When? When will you be back." I whined.

"Honey, I'll send you an e-mail later. Just keep it hard for me and be patient. I can only take so much of that cock although you're stretching me so nice."

She went to clean up and I reluctantly went off to school. The day went by so slowly. I couldn't think about anything but Rita and my thoughts had me hard and permanently horny. After school, I rushed home to check my e-mail and ran in the door. Mom was in the kitchen and I moved in behind her to give her a kiss. In my state of arousal, I was craving any female touch I could get and I was also strengthened by the confidence Rita gave me.

"Well, you are happy and excited aren't you?" Mom said with a laugh.

"You must have had a good day Paul. Don't I get a kiss or at least a hello?" It was Rita. I didn't notice her in my excitement. She was sitting at the table and now I couldn't take my eyes off of her legs. She was wearing a short black skirt and high heels.

"Oh! Hi Mrs. Wilson." I gathered my composure.

"Mrs. Wilson says you've been a great help to her. We were just talking about playing a round of golf tomorrow."

"Yes, my golf game needs some work. I was thinking about getting some new clubs or trying some of those new balls that everyone's talking about."

When mom turned back to the sink, Rita flashed me her naked pussy. I didn't want to leave, but the conversation and the view were making me hard and I didn't want mom to see. Rita was teasing me and I just wanted to throw her on the kitchen table and fuck her.

Just then the phone rang and mom answered. She went to the other room for privacy and when she disappeared, I boldly snuck a kiss with Rita. She slipped her tongue in my mouth and then pushed me away. 

Rita whispered, "Not here. We might get caught. Later, come over tonight. Go check your e-mail."

I left Rita sitting there and went to my room. I could hear mom and her best friend, my lover, laughing as I flipped on my computer. A message from Rita was waiting for me.

Paul,

I can still feel your cock inside me. Your cum is swimming around in my cunt and I can't wait to take my time with you to really enjoy you and your special talent. I have a treat for you tonight.

XOXOXO,

Rita

I closed the message and instant messaged with some friends for a while. Then I decided to go for a run to continue my workout routine. I put on a pair of shorts but decided to go without a shirt. When mom and Rita saw me, they playfully noted that I had gotten bigger. I don't think mom meant the same thing that Rita did but the fear of getting hard in their presence sent me quickly out the door.

I ran and ran, sweating up a frenzy that reminded me of last night with Rita. It was hot and I could feel the sun soaking into my skin. It felt erotic in a sense but then virtually everything during the past few days had a dimension of sex associated to it in my mind. 

Eventually, I arrived back at home, dripping sweat. I went to the kitchen for a glass of water when mom walked in. "Paul, what's with the running. You never exercised before?"

"Just trying to keep in shape mom. I'm going to get some weights and start lifting too."

"Well, go take a shower. You're a mess although I will say that you aren't in such bad shape." She was eyeing me and I could only wonder what she was thinking. Mom did have a hot body and she was just as good looking as Rita but I couldn't exactly think about her in the same way that I thought about Rita.

After cleaning up, I sat down to dinner with my parents and we talked about school and the coming summer. I was a bit distracted but managed to make some intelligible comments about working for the Wilson's and perhaps finding some other work. My dad was happy when I offered to care for our own yard and mom said she would make some calls to see if she could find me anything.

I went to my room and did some homework to hold my attention on something besides sex and Rita. After an hour, I looked out my window to try to see if Rita was around. Her house was dark and no one was home as far as I could tell. I took her panties out of my drawer and held them as I thought about the possibilities of what might happen tonight. My cock got semi-hard thinking about the way her ass looked as I pounded it.

My parents said good night at about 10:00 on their way to bed. I put on my shoes and crept downstairs and out the door to the Wilson's backyard. The house was dark and the backdoor was locked. I hadn't brought my keys so I knocked but there was no answer. I went around to try the front door. I was nervous because I didn't want anyone to see me but it was locked too and Rita didn't answer the doorbell. Finally I went to her bedroom window. It was dark inside but the window was cracked open.

I decided to crawl in through the window, not thinking about what I would do if Rita wasn't home. I fell across the sill and suddenly heard a voice, "Oh my gawd, who's there?" Rita said in mock alarm. She was lying in bed with a sly smile. 

"It's me."

"Oh, please don't hurt me. Take whatever you want but please don't hurt me."

"What?"

"Mmmmyy... my husband's not home. Just take whatever you want. I won't call the police. Get out please!"

It took me a minute but I finally got it and threw back the sheets. Rita was naked, a glorious vision of sexual flesh and beauty. She sat up with her legs spread wide, one hand covering her tits but she left her shaved pussy bare. "I'm not going anywhere." I said trying to act tough.

"Please. Just please don't hurt me."

"I think you'll enjoy this Mrs. Wilson. Your hot little body is going to get worked."

"Ohhh!!" She jumped as I shoved a finger in her pussy.

"You're wet. Does this excite you?"

"No. Don't touch me. I... I... "

"Just do what I say and no one will get hurt. I think you'll like me in fact." I grabbed my crotch. The scene was starting to get me hard and I was getting into the role-playing. I pulled on my shirt and kicked off my shoes and climbed onto Rita.

"Whaa..tt are you doing?" She mocked in a soft voice.

"I'm going to fuck you." I said blatantly.

"Noo!! You can't. Only my husband... in this bed." She lied.

I covered her mouth with mine, grinding my hips into her. She made a tentative motion to push me away but then threw her arms above her head and kissed me back. When I kissed my way down to her tits, she said, "Feels like you have some sort of dangerous weapon in your pants."

"You're going to love it Mrs. Wilson." I sucked on her nipples then and pulled them through my teeth. 

"OOOwww!! You're hurting me baby!" She yelped as she held my head to her tits. "Like that! It hurts... good! Yes!" I mouthed her tits as I undid my pants and slid them off. Then I adjusted my position to straddle her tits. She stared at my cock as I played with her nipples.

"It's so big, don't hurt me with it." Rita smiled and flickered her tongue at my cock. "Feed it to me." I edged forward against her tits and she took the head between her lips. My shaft was between her soft beautiful tit-flesh and she was rubbed her lips and face all over my cock. Precum was oozing and she smeared it on her cheeks. 

Then Rita began sucking my cockhead in earnest, moaning on it to make it harder. My cock extended a little deeper into her mouth. She took a second to breath and then moved her hands to my ass and had me crouch over her face. 

"Don't make me do this." She said as she started rimming me. She had her tongue against my asshole as she squeezed my cock firmly. I flinched and moaned at the new sensation. It felt good but weird. I had never played with my ass and Rita's tongue there ignited a unique tingling through my cock.

Rita continued to stroke my cock and maneuvered me back to her tits. As I straddled her again, she squeezed her tits against it. I slowly pumped back and forth her big jugs and pulled on her nipples again. 

"I'm going to fuck you now Mrs. Wilson." 

"No. I can't take your big cock! Please don't... You'll stretch me and it will feel... so big... I might... " Rita was teasing me and feeding my ego. She was fingering herself as she said these things.

I positioned myself between her thighs and held myself over her in a push-up stance. "Take my cock and put it between your pussy lips Mrs. Wilson." There was a commanding tone in my voice. 

"Oh gawd! It will be too big. It might hurt but...  If you won't hurt me, I'll try. I'll try to make it good for you if you promise it won't hurt."

"You're going to love it baby. I know you will. Now put it in your cunt."

Rita squeezed my cock and held the head between her pussy lips. Her juices made it slick. I looked into her eyes and dropped my hips a little causing my cockhead to enter her. "Mrs. Wilson, I promise you'll love this. I only want to bring you pleasure." Inch by inch, I penetrated her. Her slick walls collapsed on my cock-shaft and milked it. 

"AAAHHH! Oh you're so thick. I can't believe I have a strange cock in me."

"Do you want more Mrs. Wilson?" 

"Oh! I can't... stop... slowly. Please... more... It's starting to feel so... No! Let me get used... " 

She was putting on a good act but I couldn't wait any longer. In one long smooth slick thrust, I filled her with my cock. Rita opened her legs wider for me. I moved to grip her ass and hold myself as deep as possible in her. I could feel my cock push against her cervix as I bottomed out in her cunt. 

"Oh my gawd! You're so deep! You're going to ruin me for my husband! You're stuffing me with thick cock! Uuuggh, it's so fucking good baby!"

I pulled back and started a slow long loving pumping action. She raised and spread her legs and moaned. My cock was throbbing and I went as deep as I could with each thrust. Again, I assumed a push-up position with only my cock in her. With long hard thrusts I jackhammered Rita. She started thrashing around under me as our bodies slammed together. Each time my cock filled her, she grunted. The look on her face was one of intense concentration.

"Oh, your cock's gonna make me cum. I can't... my husband... "

At that moment, I began fucking her even harder, wanting to make her forget her husband. I pumped hard and let my body down on top of her. I held her as tight as I could, my hands squeezing her ass hard, pistoning in and out, groaning with exertion.

"AHH! I'm gonna fill you with cum. I'm gonna coat your inner walls Mrs. Wilson. Can you feel my cum load building in my balls."

"Oh you can't cum inside of me. I'll get pregnant from your monster cock. I can't. I'm gonna cum but you can't...  AHH! I...  Gonna cum on your fat cock!! You bastard!! Don't make me!!...  Cummingg!! Oh! Oh! Oh! Don't cum yet...  So good... your cock in me...  CUMMMMIIINNGGGG AGGAINNN!! AAIIEE!! You can... You can fuck my ass... instead. Please fuck my ass... "

Rita pushed me back forcefully as her body shuddered and spasmed. She was breathing hard and took a moment to calm down a little.

"You can cum in my ass. I can't...  Oh jeezuz!! So hot!! I'll sit on you. Fuck my ass please." 

"You are a nasty slut aren't you Mrs. Wilson." I was stroking my cock slowly as I watched her breathing. 

"Yes. Anything, just promise you'll leave after you cum. I'll show you...  Lay back and I'll take care of you."

I laid back and held my cock in my hands. Rita crouched over me this time and spread her ass cheeks apart. The lubed up tip of my cock was against her asshole. When she bounced in a short sharp motion, my cockhead pressed into her hole. "AH! Slowly, you big bastard. You big fucking cock is going to kill me. I don't know if I can take it."

"Yes you can you cum slut." I pushed the tip of my cock a little deeper into her asshole. 

"OOOUUCH!! Easy stud! Please!!" 

I let her sit there with just an inch of cock in her ass. I really didn't want to hurt her of course. I was about to pull my cock out when she let more of her weight down on me. Her ass clenched tightly and she was forcing it deeper. 

"Paul, I love it in my ass. Just be gentle baby. You're just so big sweetie." Her tone changed and I reached up to pull her in for a kiss. My cock was still lodged in her and we locked lips in a sensual tongue melting suction. The kiss relaxed her and her ass loosened up. 

She was against my chest and I stroked her back enjoyed the clenching of her asshole on my cockhead. I flexed my cock in response. She looked at me and stroked my cheek with her hand. 

"This will be our secret handshake. You in my ass. Feel that?" Again I flexed my cock in response. 

Rita pecked me on the lips and rose up to begin sitting down on my cock again. She reached back and took my shaft in her hand. "There's a lot of cock left to put in my ass. Let me get some lube baby." 

She slowly slid off me and reached into the nightstand. Squirting some slick oil into her hands, Rita looked at me. Her hands worked my cock to incredible hardness.

"Paul, you're going to fuck my ass and cum inside of me. This big cock will be completely in my ass. I hope you like your surprise but the best will be when you cum sweetie. Your fuckstick is going to fill me and I'm going to be your ass slut tonight."

She got back into position above me and sat down again. Her ass was so tight but she wedged half of my cock into her with a grinding motion. My cock was bending and thrusting as she gyrated her hips. It was a little uncomfortable but as the penetration inched deeper, it felt amazing. 

I started a short slow thrusting action as Rita moved up and down in a matching rhythm. Rita told me to play with her clit as she took more and more of my cock into her ass. She groaned and became more aggressive as she took most of my cock into her backdoor. She looked at me and sat down harder with each thrust. 

"Almost there, I can feel it baby!" She opened her mouth as she supported herself with her arms behind her. "A little more and then start pumping Paul!" 

I grabbed the lube and squirted some in my hands and slid it under her to coat my cock-shaft. I tickled her asshole. It was stretched so tight on me. Then I slid my finger in her pussy and held it there so her motion would drive it deeper as she rode me with her ass. I could feel the ridges on her inner walls.

This caused Rita to shudder and scream. "Oh FUCK!! That's perfect. You fucking stud. I love that." I pushed my finger deeper and suddenly her asshole relaxed and I was all the way inside her. "AAAWWW!! OH YEAH!!" 

Rita breathed deep, sitting there with a smile. "I'm ready now Paul. Do it."

Feeling her ass milk my cock, I knew I wouldn't last but I grabbed her hips and started fucking up into her ass. She adjusted herself and began to finger her own pussy as we built up a steady motion. The thrusts were shorter but the electricity was intense and surged quickly between us. 

Our voices sounded off simultaneously, "Oh gawd... yes... so fucking good... so tight... so big... fucking your ass... cock filling me... so close... so close... gonna cum Rita... your cock in my ass is gonna make me... CUMMINGG!! NOW!!"

We collapse in a heap. Rita said she had to pull away and when my cock slid out she groaned. My toes were tingling and I held Rita tenderly and lovingly. I felt so good about what she gave to me. We relaxed and laid there in a sensual stupor.

"I love the things you say when we're fucking Rita." 

"I love to talk dirty Paul and your cock makes me crazy."

"I like being your fuck toy and I'm going to have to crawl in your window every night if this is what happens."

"Paul, I love your cock. I've never had one so big. You're very special to me."

I knew I couldn't fall asleep there as much as I wanted to hold Rita through the night. I got the feeling that she too wanted me with her as she slept. But finally I had to get up to leave and Rita kissed me with a very loving gesture.

*************

The next two days were a blur of quickies and blowjobs and innumerable orgasms for both of us. I was getting very attached to Rita when she told me she was going to the airport to pick up her husband I was upset. I had told Rita that I loved her a few nights before in a moment of lust but now I really felt like I loved her.

That night, I kept looking at the clock, wondering what Rita was doing. I sent her an e-mail in teenage desperation, asking her if she could sneak out for at least a kiss. I asked her to leave her curtains open at the very least. I didn't get a response and resolved myself to my first night alone in a week.

At about 10:00, I went to the kitchen for a snack with the thought of seeing if Rita had left the curtains of her bedroom window open. When I looked across the way, I was greeted by Mr. Wilson's profile. His cock was hard but shorter than mine and I took some pride in this. Rita entered the picture and after a quick kiss, she was on her knees giving her husband a blow-job.

I had to get a better view so I snuck out to the window. I wanted Rita to know that I was watching. I slowly stepped up onto the stone Rita had set out for me and carefully got into a position where I could safely watch. Rita must have seen me in her peripheral vision because she turned her husband slightly away from the window with her mouth still on his cock.

Slowly stroking my cock, I watch Rita's mouth easily take all of her husband's cock into her mouth and throat. Perhaps her 'practice' with me had made this easier I thought. Inside, Rita began to suck harder, exaggerating her action so that her big tits shook. Her hands were busy with her pussy and I heard her moaning get louder.
