 "Are you sure this is the place?" Von's eyes searched for the entrance.

"Yep. Google says we have arrived." said emphatic Chad, stage actor, Airbnb superhost, and part-time Uber driver. The sky blue Prius slowed to a stop at a quintessential NYC alley—-red brick exteriors, a lone flickering street lamp, darkened doorways, and even a half-open dumpster pushed up against a 9-foot high chainlink fence way at the back. She hesitated with the door handle.

The app said this was the place. "What did you get me into, Red?" Von let out a deep breath. Now, Red wasn't a person—it was a new, hot app, the full moniker being REDD2F, a blatant call to action for any adventurous pleasure seekers. Access to the app was extremely exclusive, and once accepted you had to pay a subscription fee to get matched. Somehow one drunken night Von got referred through a friend of a friend who thought she could really use some dick and that brought her to tonight.

She'd had about all the virtual winks and squeezes she could take. She had a physical need to satisfy and the clock was running out on her first encounter. The app was strict on that too. No voyeurs or teases allowed. You had to be down to get dirty fast or you were out. Von was as ready as she'd ever be.

Von felt some relief once she spied the stairwell marked with a red neon sign. It was the letters RED inside the outline of a woman's lips. "Oh, I see it," she exclaimed. "Thanks." Von tipped Chad a couple bucks and tapped a 5-star rating. "Good luck on Friday... er... break a leg!" she chimed, shutting the door.

The blue dot on the map indicated that her match had already arrived and was waiting on location. The sidewalk pulsed with low bass from a dance club nearby, and Von could feel it in her feet. Her heart pumped faster and her breath became shallow. A purplish glow from what she could only assume was a lounge beckoned the adventure seeker in her.

Von was 5'4" with a petite frame. Her 4-inch heels clicked and clopped as she made her way down the narrow and steep concrete stairs. To complete strangers on the street, Von was sexy, mysterious, and a bad girl with jet black hair and blunt cut bangs. To people who knew her at work, she was the smartest one in the room. Von paired style with professional drive, but all that focus left her personal life lacking. She was the one person who could get things done on client projects or company growth, but she'd failed when it came to relationships or fun pretty much across the board. Tonight, she wanted to change all that and let loose.

She got to the door just as it had started to rain.

"Talk about timing," a tall, olive-skinned man in his twenties greeted her with smiling almond eyes. "Wouldn't want you to get too wet." The sudden downpour kicked up from the sidewalk and splashed against the door's glass. "Sorry, I couldn't help it," he blushed. His quip was obviously pointed at where they both now found themselves. Von flashed a smile back at the handsome stranger.

"So you're my blue dot," she replied. His silliness had put her at ease. RED had set them up, but maybe they were a good match after all.

All but the entrance was dimly lit. Strands of purple Christmas lights twinkled from the ceiling. Lowlight votives tickled hurricane glass atop cocktail tables intimately tucked away at the sides of the room. Couples blended into the background in the lounge. The energy was sensual, seductive and surprisingly private.

The attraction between them was instant. A tad warm from the combination of nerves and arousal, Von shimmied out of her vintage leather jacket. The sexy stranger looked her all over as he helped her out of her coat. Von hadn't dressed up for this date apart from matching her undergarments. The app recommended first-timers come as they are.

"Being yourself is the most natural thing in the world," RED said. "Trust our matching algorithm to pair you with a partner that suits your needs. You have to be you to have fun, so be yourself."

Von's round breasts filled out her tight black tee and her nipple rings pressed through the thin fabric. His eyes fixated on her chest. His cock pulsed as he imagined running his tongue over the sweet, delicate flesh and the cold metal. Von met the hunger in his eyes and arched her back a little more.

"I'm Von."

"Tae." His gaze was unwavering as he subconsciously licked his full lips. He had a sly smile, and she liked it. Von took his hand and his other elbow, wanting an excuse to press up against him. She flitted her fingers along his palm. She felt his bulge grow against her thigh and drew a quick breath in and grinded slightly deeper into him. The wild in his eyes met hers.

"We have an appointment. And you're really happy to see me," she smirked. She liked him already. Tae's pecs were beautiful. His chiseled form cut right through his grey ribbed tank. His arms and chest were enormous. His hair was black, buzzed short on the sides with a little more length on top. Just enough to tug or run your fingers through.

"I'm so glad you came in when you did," Tae remarked.

"Oh yeah?" Von said running both hands over his chest.

"Yeah," he turned his pelvis to face her and lifted her small frame onto a counter, gripping her hips and ass, hooking his thumbs through the loops in her jeans. "I almost lost my nerve and walked out. But then you came in, I had to stay... I had to have you." His voice was dark and warm and even a bit romantic.

"It's my first time too." Von's eyes glazed and her lids softened. The pulsing music, the heat, the dancing lights, firm hands taking over her, Von was hypnotized. She gave in to his advance, and every single cell in her body screamed "yes." She threw her head back in submission, exposing her milky, slender neck and giving him unbarred access to her chest, her heavy, black hair dusting the countertop. This was exactly what she was here for. Both newcomers, both ready to fuck, they were going to claw and stumble through this experience together.

"What do you say?" he asked. She lost her train of thought as his hot mouth found her hard nipple through her shirt and flicked at it with his tongue.

"Oh, God, yes. I'm... I'm..."

"Good...but don't come yet." Tae was kidding, but the excitement and the beautiful man before her had already put Von on the verge. She wanted Tae all over her and inside of her. She'd never done anything like this before. She felt the wetness grow between her thighs, and all the unknowns added to the anticipation. Her whole body was throbbing. She was REDD2F.

"I'll find us a more private spot. Hold on." And with that Tae effortlessly lifted her. A thrill shot through her. Von wrapped her legs around his torso as he carried her through the hallway. His hard cock bumped against her ass as he walked her from room to room. His cock was like a hot iron to her insides and the strength with which he held her sent her mind abuzz.

The private rooms had a selection of surfaces from which to choose: pillow-top mattresses, stone slabs, stainless steel tables, wood counters, fur rugs, velvet upholstered settees, anything you could want.

"You like it hard or soft?" he said toying with her. She could see he had a sense of humor. This was going to be fun.

"Hard," Von whispered into his neck, nibbling and sucking his skin with her wet mouth. Tae slid the door open to a room at the end of the hall and toggled the "Occupied" lock. The walls were edged in cherrywood with emerald, tufted, upholstered panels. The design was overtly luxurious and ornate with practical features for the room's intent, a full sensory sexual experience. At the room's center was a 3x9 foot black table.

"Here we are." Tae's voice was velvet. He patted his fingers against the hard tabletop. Tae squeezed her juicy hips and ran his fingers under her, letting them wander her thighs, grazing her hot center, before setting her down on the cold granite slab. Her wetness had soaked through her pants. The cold sensation jolted her. Tae slid her across the smooth surface, letting her groin crash into him. His head dropped to her neck as his hands massaged and explored the rest of her.

"Nice choice," she cooed. When Tae came up for air, Von lifted her arms and Tae happily helped her remove her t-shirt. Her skin was so smooth and sexy. Cocoa edges peaked out from the top of her amethyst lace balconette bra. Her breasts were full, milky, soft, and begging to be sucked. Even in the low light, the tiny, steel rings shimmered. Tae peeled off his shirt, exposing his smooth, shapely chest and toned abdomen. Von wrapped her arms around his neck. Tae held her at the rib cage and pressed his face into her cleavage, inhaling her scent. He could live here in her softness. Tae resisted the urge to dwell and lifted his head to meet hers. Tae playfully sucked at her bottom lip, his hands gripping the back of her knees while her legs dangled over the edge of the table. He was so much bigger than her, and she loved the feeling of him taking complete control. She wanted him to direct and command her. His mouth hungrily found hers. His tongue was thick and his saliva sweet. He broke away from the kiss with that sly smile and slid her backward.

"I want to see," he said firmly. Von's eyes widened. She relished in the command. She loved it hard. Slipping off the table, her feet shakily met the floor. She unbuttoned her low-rise, black jeans and bent forward to slide them off each leg. She steadied herself by palming the cock outline in the front of his pants. She could play too. She imagined the way it would leap from his pants. Von was wearing matching amethyst lace panties that sat at her hips. Tae watched as she stepped out of her jeans. Her bare feet froze when they met the polished concrete floor. Von felt vulnerable, the small of her back chilled by the slab behind her when she stood back up. She reached for Tae's buckle only to be swatted away.

"Not yet." A silence hung in the air. Tae turned her around so her soft belly met cold granite. He traced the panty line along her cheeks with thick warm fingers gently lifting the lace away to give his fingers free rein. Von moaned as she exhaled. Tae gently pulled down her panties and pressed his warm hands against her freshly exposed skin. He ran his hand along her back crevice and through her thighs. He moved his body closer to hers. His left palm on her tummy now, he lowered his right shoulder and reached between her legs. His skilled fingers found her moist center and spread her open. She was so wet. First one finger then a second penetrated her.

"Oooh," Von moaned. He grinded into her from behind.

"This is about you," he said. "I'm here to give you what you need... for as long as you need." Von loved the sound of that. His fingers went in and out. In and out. Pressing. Swirling. Caressing. Von was losing control. He held her tight and applied more pressure, rubbing her clit now with his thumb. Von gripped the cold edge. His arms wrapped around her tighter. She clamped her eyes shut. She moaned. She couldn't take much more.

"Ah...ah...ahhhh." He held her there until her orgasm subsided. She let out a long exhale and Tae felt her go a little limp in his arms.

She was surprised at how quickly he had made her come. She thought her mind and getting in her own head might have kept them waiting, but she'd successfully thrown caution to the wind and channeled any nerves into excitement. The undeniable butterflies and the thrill of the first time combined with the force and desire of this gorgeous, virile man having his way with her added up to a completely mesmerizing experience. And the way he was caressing her now, let her know that this night wasn't over. The first orgasm was a preview of what was to come.

Still soaking in the pleasure, Von felt Tae unhook her bra and drape cool silk over her bare shoulders. He kissed her collar bone and gently spun her around. The robe fell open down the middle, leaving her neck, sternum, the supple sides of her breasts, toned abdomen, and neatly groomed sex exposed. Heavy hands weighed on her shoulders. She found his mouth with hers and kissed him long and deep, lingering on his bottom lip. She flowed into him.

She ran her fingers through his hair, traced the definition in his chest down his abdomen. She hooked her fingers in his waistband. She spun him until they had traded places. He didn't resist. His bare skin pressed against the cold granite. His nipples hardened and faint goosebumps spread over his shoulders. She took his nipple into her mouth, exhaling a hot breath onto his skin. A trail of kisses took her down the groove of his stomach. She unfastened his belt and unzipped his jeans. He stepped out of his pants, still focused on her and returned to position. With fingers and tongue, Von teased and flitted around his waistline, the tops of his thighs, his hips, the sexy, muscular dip pointing to his member, but never touching the part she craved most. Tae breathed heavy. He stood barefoot in boxer briefs with his head pointed upward. Von slid the band of his boxers over his plump ass and then all the way down to his ankles. His erection leapt from its prison. A thrill shot through her clit. Her nipples stood at attention. Von moaned. Tae smiled. He knew she wouldn't be able to him tease much longer.

Tae's member was darker than the rest of him. She ran her fingers along its smooth underbelly. Her mouth watered. She rubbed her tongue on the roof of her mouth and over her teeth. Tae's cock twitched for her. Von brought her mouth to the tip of his penis and cupped him from below. He had shown incredible restraint and patience. Von was hungry and ready to show her appreciation. She could feel Tae's anticipation increase. His balls swelled and his erection grew. Von couldn't take it anymore. She took him into her mouth. Von eased him in until he was slick with her saliva. Her head bobbed up and down, up and down while his hand stroked the back of her head. He grabbed a fistful of her hair and tugged it gently. With her mouth full of dick, she threw back her head and moaned. She took him in deeper. She loved the way his dick felt inside her, the way it slid over her palate, the way it plunged across her tongue and tapped at the back of her throat. With steady pressure, she massaged his taint, getting dangerously close to his asshole. Some guys liked ass play, but some guys really didn't. Tae didn't flinch or pull back. They were completely in sync. Tae was down for the ride. He pressed into her. She pulled back to lick the salty precum from the head of his engorged cock. She looked up into his eyes,

"Fuck my mouth," she gasped. She grabbed his ass with both hands and forced his dick deep into her mouth. Tae pumped her mouth, his hand behind her head now to keep her steady. Von moaned and dug her navy-painted nails into his tight hamstrings. Tae pumped faster and harder. She wanted to scream, "Yes, yes. God, yes." Her body glowed with blood and excitement, her skin moist and glistening, cocoa nipples turning red, and tits growing perkier and firmer, bouncing wildly to his rhythm. She felt his balls tighten. He thrusted hard into her mouth. Then, a shot of hot cum spurted down her throat.

"Ahhh..." Tae climaxed. He held his thrust and then pumped a few times until his orgasm subsided. Tae's cum was salty and sweet. It'd been so long since she'd fucked that she'd forgotten how much she loved the taste. She ran her tongue over and under his penis and licked her lips to gather all of the drops. Tae's cum was faintly musky, and now that she'd had the first taste, Von craved more. It was the medicine she needed. Tae breathed in deep.

"God, you're amazing," Tae said, looking down at her. Von wiped her mouth. He stroked her hair as he praised her. "You're so fucking hot." He helped her back up. "God, your body, your skin, I could fuck you forever." His hands were caressing her again, fingering the smooth divide between her breasts. Von smiled and kissed him. She rested her head on his chest. She felt the same. She soaked in this intimate moment with this new stranger and felt free. With the first encounter behind them, they both opened to wherever the night would take them.