 I woke up early the next day and decided to try to do something special for Mrs. Wilson. Knowing that watering should be done before it got to hot, I went next door and began to water the new plants at the Wilson's at about seven-thirty in the morning. I didn't know if Mrs. Wilson would be awake yet so I tried to be quiet. Her curtains were still closed and I could only envision the sight of her in bed on the other side of the wall. 

By eight o'clock, I was finished watering and went home for breakfast. "Good morning Paul." Mom said as I reached for a cereal box. "How did yesterday go with Mrs. Wilson?"

"Fine. She said I could work for her through the summer. I need to go clean her pool in a little while." I answered.

"Well, we're going shopping in a bit. Make sure you do a good job." Mom left the kitchen then to get ready. 

I hustled to finish breakfast and get back to Mrs. Wilson's hoping to see her before she and mom left. I got the pool equipment ready and started to work. I was lost in my own thoughts when Mrs. Wilson came out into the back patio. 

"Hey Paul. Good morning. You're at it early."

"Um yeah. I wanted to do some things before it got too hot. I hope it's okay. I just wanted to do a good job."

"Of course it's okay. I appreciate it." Her tone was friendly but I guess I had hoped for a little more flirtation or something. "I'm going shopping with your mother. We should be back after lunch." I already knew this and said as much.

Mrs. Wilson began picking up some things around the patio and then called me over to where she was. "Look what we have here Paul." She was holding a pair of panties in her hand, I assumed they were from last night. "Did you relieve yourself last night or did you do as I asked?"

"Um, no. I didn't...I didn't masterba...."

"Paul, I told you not to be embarrassed. Here, you can keep my panties as a reminder of last night Paul." She said as she pecked me on the cheek and stuffed the panties in my pocket. "I have to go. See you later."

"Uh, bye." Was all I could manage to say as I watched her sexy legs carry her away. I got back to work and as it got hotter, I took off my shirt. Looking down at my chest, I resolved myself to working out beginning that day. When I finished with the pool, I went home and tucked Mrs. Wilson's panties into the back of my nightstand drawer but not before feeling the silky lace material and smelling them.

With the fragrance and texture of Mrs. Wilson's panties filling my senses, I began my workout regimen. I got on the floor and began doing push-ups. As I counted them out, I thought about Mrs. Wilson--RITA. Imagining her naked, underneath me in this position as I pounded her. It would be just like the pictures I had seen on the internet only better because it was real. I was dreaming of her moaning as I fucked her, having her pussy locked around my cock as I drove deeper inside of her than any man. I was going crazy and I worked up and down, each push-up counting as a hard thrust into her. Unfortunately, I barely made it to 20 before I had to stop.

I rolled over and caught my breath before beginning my crunches. This was easier and I got to 50. I worked through two more sets before I finished although I wasn't able to do as many push-ups in each set. I decided that I would spend some of the money I earned during the next few weeks on a weight set.

After showering, I got dressed and finished up some homework before sitting down to watch some TV. I flipped through the channels aimlessly and then decided I would go to my room and read some stories on Literotica. I searched through the 'mature' stories and found several that reminded me of my recent adventure with Mrs. Wilson. I guess that a lot of people have fantasies similar to mine and perhaps they had even lived them.

Mom knocked on my door a little while later and again surprised me although this time I wasn't getting ready to jerk off. I had decided that Mrs. Wilson had something in mind for me and I was going to do as she had asked. Mom popped her head in the door and said, "Mrs. Wilson needs some help picking up some things she ordered today. I told her you would help her after dinner at about 7:00."

"Okay." I said trying to conceal my enthusiasm.

At seven o'clock on the dot, I knocked on the Wilson's door. Mrs. Wilson greeted me with a smile. "Ready to go?" she asked. 

"Yeah, uh, where are we going?" 

"To the computer store. My husband wants me to learn how to use e-mail so he asked me to get a computer while he is away. Are you good with computers Paul?"

"Uh, yeah I guess. I have one in my room."

"Do you look at pictures of naked women on your computer? I've heard that there's a lot of pornography on the internet."

"Uh well...."

"I'll take that for a yes. Let's go."

I was trembling with both lust and some level of humiliation but managed to get into the passenger seat of the Mercedes. Mrs. Wilson put her hand on my thigh as she drove and I just looked at her. She didn't look back but just drove. We got to the store and picked up the desk top computer she had ordered. On the way home, she asked me if I could help her set it up the next day. I agreed but wanted to spend more time with her so I asked her if she wanted some more ice cream.

"I have to watch my figure you know. Maybe we should go somewhere where we can have a little privacy Paul. Isn't there somewhere that you take your dates?"

I was flabbergasted. "Um, well, there's this place where the kids go out by the old airport. The hangar and airfield where they take the old airplanes."

"I know where that is. I want to see your big cock again and maybe I'll do more than touch it this time. I'll even let you suck my tits again and show you how to play with my pussy." 

I was surprised by Mrs. Wilson's forward comments. She was so matter of fact about it all. I was at a loss, especially when we stopped at a red light and she leaned over and slid her tongue into my mouth. My cock got rock hard and I was ready for anything at that point.

Mrs. Wilson kept teasing me as we drove, asking questions and making rather lewd comments. I didn't know what to think other than that I was going to do whatever she wanted. "So your mom tells me you don't have a girlfriend Paul. Would you like to treat me like your girlfriend and fuck me." The word 'fuck' made the blood rush to my head and I thought I was hallucinating. "I bet the girls at school don't know what to do with that big penis of yours."

"Uh, I'm...." I stuttered. "I'm not.... I'm still a...a...."

"You're a virgin Paul? I'm surprised. Oh my gawd, you're a virgin." She wasn't teasing me but I was still embarrassed. Mrs. Wilson reached over and fondle the bulge in my pants, "You're a virgin."

We drove another five minutes and then Mrs. Wilson pulled into a dark area near some trees. The moonlight added a nice ambience to what I was thinking would be the night I finally lost my virginity.

"So, this is where the high school kids come to have sex? Have you been here before?"

"Uh, yeah but..."

"I know, it's just sort of fun to think about. When I was in school, we went to people's houses when their parents weren't home. Actually, though, I didn't lose my virginity until I was in college."

"I can't believe that...."

"Well, it's true. Just because a guy wants to get into your pants doesn't mean it happens. I bet lot of your friends are virgins even if they say otherwise. And I bet none of them has a big dick like yours."

I couldn't speak.

"All those cute little girls running around school with their hot bodies and none of them has had your cock. Hmm. Well, it's their loss."

I looked at her in a daze.

"Are their bodies as nice as mine Paul?" she asked.

"No. No way, Mrs. Wilson." 

"It's Rita. I can see I have a lot to teach you Paul." she said leaning over to me and licking my ear before she kissed me. 

I moaned as she drove her tongue into my mouth. My cock started throbbing and my hand were all over her. As the kiss continued, I moved my hands under her blouse to feel her tits. She stopped me though and sat back.

"Do the girls at your school have tits like mine?"

I nodded 'no' and watched as she cupped her tits over her blouse. Then she began to unbutton it and revealed her bra. It was white lace and her tits swelled in it.

"Do you like my tits, Paul? Do you want to play with them?" She took my hand and moved it to one of her tits. I slowly began to caress it and pulled on her nipple. "Oh, that's nice. Not too hard, just roll my nipple between your finger. There are times when I like it rough but not right now."

I could hardly believe it. I was playing with Mrs. Wilson's tits and her nipples were getting hard. I wanted to suck them like I had last night in the pool. I raised my other hand to play with her other nipple.

"Ooh, yeah, baby!" she moaned. "Now suck on them for me, just like last night."

I pulled on her big tits through her bra and then pulled it down to expose them. Leaning over I opened my mouth wide and sucked in her tit-flesh. She reached back awkwardly and unsnapped her bra giving me even better access as I licked and drooled all over her chest. As I continued to kiss, lick, suck, and fondle, she shrugged off her blouse. Mrs. Wilson gasped. "Oh Paul! Honey, that's it. That feels so good. Paul, you're making me wet."

Mrs. Wilson began to rub my cock. "Oh gawd, you're so big. Paul, show me your cock again. I want to see it. Pull your pants down so I can see."

Reluctantly, I pulled away from her delicious tits and sat back. She reached over and undid my pants. My cock sprang forward when she pulled my pants and boxers down my thighs. It stood up like a flagpole.

"Oh gawd Paul." she said, touching the head. "It's so big and fat."

"Will you...will you suck it Rita?" I asked meekly.

Without warning her mouth engulfed my cock and I yelped, "OOOHHHH!!!"

Mrs. Wilson stretched her mouth wide and slide her lips up and down my shaft. She was drooling on my cock and it was by far the best feeling I'd ever experienced. Electric bolts of pleasure were shooting from my balls up through my shaft. "Oh, shit!" I moaned. "That feels so fucking good!" She worked up and down, her head bobbing and my cock pulsing.

She pulled her lips from my cock with a pop. "Paul, your cock is so big and beautiful. I can hardly get half of it in my mouth." She flickered her tongue over my cockhead and worked it over good, even nibbling on it. I felt like I was going to blow my load right then but Mrs. Wilson started squeezing the base of my cock as she licked and sucked.

"This is better than an ice cream cone. I think you're my new favorite flavor Paul."

My ego was soaring with Mrs. Wilson's compliments. She took a deep breath and began to suck again, trying to take more of my shaft into her mouth, humming as she savored the feeling of it in her mouth. Then she pulled back and licked the bottom of my shaft and planted kisses all along its length. 

"Oh gawd Paul, your cock is so big." she said. "I can't wait for you to fuck me with it but that's not going to happen tonight. I'm not going to let you cum right now either. I want you to wait until we can do it right. Then I promise I will let you fill my mouth and my pussy with your cum. Maybe even more...." She giggled as she sat up in her seat. She didn't let go of my cock though, she just stroked it slowly and then kissed me again.

After the sumptuous kiss, Mrs. Wilson started the car. She looked at me and said, "Paul, sucking you has made me very horny and in the next few days, I will have a very special surprise for you. But you have to wait and you can't jerk off anymore."

Then she bent over one more time to put her lips on the head of my cock. She slurped it good as she raised her eyes to mine. Then she pulled away and drove us home, holding my cock the entire way. I was so fucking hard I wanted to attack her but I couldn't. I just sat there smiling awkwardly. In the dark driveway, Mrs. Wilson gave me one last tongue sucking kiss and then told me to come to her house the next afternoon to help her with the computer. I quickly pulled up my pants and went inside, again with fantasies and hopes about tomorrow.

*********** The next day I was elated when Mrs. Wilson greeted me with a nice soft kiss at the door. Floating on air, I retrieved the computer boxes from the car and unpacked them in her den. It took about 30 minutes to set it all up and when it was ready, Mrs. Wilson joined me for a lesson on how to work everything.

It was nice to stand behind Mrs. Wilson and touch her as I led her through the basic commands of operating different programs and sending and receiving email. She sent a message to Mr. Wilson as a test and received an automatic 'out of office' reply note. Then we moved on to surfing the World Wide Web.

We went to the country club's website as well as her husband's business site. Then Mrs. Wilson asked me how to use a search engine so I had her go to Google and showed her where to enter the topic she wanted to search in the submission box. For fun I told her to type 'weapons of mass destruction' in the submission box and click on the 'I'm Feeling Lucky' button. She laughed when she saw the result and asked me, "Are you feeling luckier than our President today?"

"I think I am." I was feeling confident as I leaned over her shoulder, looking down her shirt into her deep cleavage. "And well, I think I've found some 'weapons' that might cause 'mass destruction' in most men."

Mrs. Wilson laughed and played along by putting my hands on her tits. "Do you think they might trigger an explosion?"

"Oh yeah. Um, they're causing my rocket to launch...." Was all I could come up with as my cock flexed in my pants.

"Well Paul, sneak out after dinner and we'll take care of the situation. I think a careful inspection is in order. Tonight will be your lucky night honey. Go home and get ready sweetie."

I couldn't believe it. In a few hours, I wouldn't be a virgin anymore. I reluctantly left but had to steal a kiss before stumbling home. Just before dinner I checked my e-mail and found a message waiting for me from Mrs. Wilson.

Dear Paul,

I'm sitting here with my panties down around my ankles and my juices are dripping down the insides of my thighs. I'm thinking about your big monster cock and how good it will feel inside me. Last night got me thinking some nasty thoughts and I can't wait to teach you how to really use that big cock of yours. 

We can try every position but I bet you'll love it doggie style. I need your big cock inside me Paul. I promise to make your first time the best experience of your life. In case you were wondering, my measurements are 34d-24-34. You're going to feel every inch of my body tonight. I'm going to love your beautiful cock honey.

XOXOXO, Rita

I got so hard reading her message, I was tempted to jerk off. Instead, I saved the message and went downstairs for a quick dinner so I could run an errand before my tryst with Mrs. Wilson. I told my parents that I was going out and went to shower. I took some extra time soaping up my cock and could hardly contain myself. I was still semi-erect as I walked out the door. 

Once outside, I picked some flowers and took a look around to see if anyone was on the street. Then I snuck around the far side of the Wilson's house and went to the backdoor. Rita was right there in the kitchen washing the dishes when I knocked and entered, flowers in hand.

"Look who's here...and with flowers!" She said enthusiastically. "Come give me a kiss big boy."

I did just that without hesitation, my excitement bursting forth as I was eager to get started. Mrs. Wilson noted this, "Well, someone's excited. And you aren't the only one. But sit down for a minute Paul."

I sat down in a chair and looked up at Mrs. Wilson. She came over to me and sat on my lap. "Paul, I promised you that you would love what we're about to do but you have to promise me that it will be our secret. You can't tell your friends and your parents can never find out. I'm taking a big risk here but I can't resist your beautiful cock and I want your first time to be very very special." She kissed me before continuing. "Promise?"

"I promise."

She took my hand and led me back to her bedroom where she sat me on the bed. She turned on the lamp on the nightstand and began undressing me. She touched and caressed each part of my body. When she finally got to my pants, she squeezed the bulge and asked, "Oh how sweet Paul, did you bring this for me too? This is my favorite flower."

Mrs. Wilson knelt down between my legs and pulled down my pants. My cock was just inches from her face. I could feel her breath on my rock hard cock. She kissed her way up my thighs and slowly licked my cockhead as it stood against my stomach. "Oohhh!" I moaned when she made contact. She pulled back and held my cock.

"Now Paul, I want you to try to control yourself for me. I know you have a big load of cum waiting for me and I don't want you to cum too soon although I know you will be able to get hard again and again." With that, she stood up and began to undress. 

Talking dirty to me as she unbuttoned her blouse and unclasped her bra, she softly described her gorgeous body. "Your young cock is going to be so happy tonight. Do you want to slide your big rod between these tits?" She cupped her tits and shook them. 

She raised her skirt and said, "Do you want to feel my tight pussy on your throbbing cock? To slide it between these slick lips? Perhaps you want it this way?" She turned and bent over as she unzipped her skirt. I could see she was wearing a sexy thong.

Her skirt dropped and my eyes followed it to the floor. She was naked except for the thong and her heels. "Do you want me to keep these heels on for you? My 'fuck me' pumps?"

"Oh yes." I gasped. 

Mrs. Wilson came to the bed and touched my balls. "Are these all full for me honey? Rita wants to drain them for you."

The sight of Mrs. Wilson's naked body, especially her big tits and the slick folds of her pussy, had my cock throbbing as I sat there. I lunged forward and took her in my arms to kiss her.

Mrs. Wilson broke the kiss. "Oh Paul, slowly. I want to taste you and then have you fill me."

"Mrs. Wilson, you're so beautiful. I can't take it...." 

"Rita, loverboy, call me Rita or you'll be going home."

She forced me onto my back and gave me a deep kiss, before crawling between my legs. She licked my nipples and my stomach, smiling and moaning as her tongue flickered on me. Seductively she looked up into my eyes as she moved to take my cock between her lips. She formed a wet ring on my cockhead and sucked, inching her way down my shaft.

"Oh my gawd, that feels so good!" I moaned, staring at her lips. "Oh fuck!"

Rita kept going until I felt my cockhead against her throat. The feeling was exquisite as my sexpot neighbor worked her mouth and throat on me. With agonizing care, Rita took me even deeper into her throat and held it there as she breathed through her nose wheezing. Then she pulled back ever so slowly. I felt like I was about to cum when she pulled away and squeezed my balls firmly.

"Hold on stud. There's a lot more coming before I'm going to let you shoot you load." She laid down on her side next to me and we kissed as she locked her fingers around the base of my cock. I moved my hands to caress her all over. Her tits were so soft in contrast to her nipples. I rolled them like she taught me, causing her to moan. "MMMmmmm honey, that's it! Good...."

I took her in my arms wanting to rub my cock against her hot body. My hands wandered down to explore her ass. I slid a finger across her asshole, her juices already spread there.

She tensed and moaned, "Ahhhhh!!! You dirty boy! Ohh...your finger feels so good there! You like my ass? MMMmmm! Yes, just like that Paul!!!"
