  I wrote a story with average looking people in it, with average penises and average breasts. It got horrible reviews. 

Not to worry, however. This little tale features a handsome man with a giant dick and a beautiful woman with big, firm thrusting breasts. 

If that's not going to work for you, you should probably just click the back button now. 

***

You can tell if a young woman is going to age well by looking at her mom. 

Jessica had a hot mom. And at 18 years of age, Jessica looked a lot like her hot mom, only younger and hotter.

***

Fast forward this little tale 5 years now. 

Jessica still has a hot mom. Jessica is starting to look a little rough.

That's not really a great reason to divorce your wife, whom you took for better or worse and all that. 

Let's be fair to her X husband. That was not the reason. The reason was that Jessica was a full on psycho bitch. 

He had fully intended to grow old with her, but when that half empty bottle of vodka went whizzing past his ear and embedded itself in the sheet rock wall behind him, that changed things a bit. 

Jessica kept a 9 mm in her purse. If it was a bottle of vodka whizzing past his head now, how long would it be till it was bullets whizzing through his skull? He was tired of coming home to a house full of people snorting coke anyway.

He packed a bag and split right then. 

Within the week he had retained an attorney and filed for divorce. 

She kept all their shit. He didn't miss any of it. 

And now we fast forward this little tale another 5 years. 

Jessica's mom is still hot. And newly divorced. 

She kept all their shit. Her X doesn't miss it.

Who knows what Jessica looks like?

She moved to a little town in Washington called Gorst. 

Nobody's seen her in two years.

It's not like she had much reason to stay, she'd already been to jail twice in Texas. For Dope. 

Weed, Coke, Meth, whatever. Wherever she is now, you can bet she's high on something.

The cops took her 9 mm. Probably the nicest thing anyone's done for her in years.

Either way, her X husband hasn't seen or heard from her in five years. 

He likes it like that. 

But he's seen her mom. Saw her last week in fact. 

Saw her writhing and moaning on the bed underneath him. 

But I'm getting ahead of myself here.

***

Let's meet our characters for this little tale now, shall we?

Our hero, Brian, is now 30 years old, 5'11", with dark brown hair and brown eyes. 

He has been divorced from the formerly lovely Jessica for 5 years.

He keeps his muscular body chiseled, enjoys golf, tennis, and rarely, a beer. 

He has a big dick. A big, fat dick. That he likes to get wet. 

Our heroine, Sandra, is 46 years old, 5'6" with sandy blonde hair and sea green eyes.

She is the mother of the bat shit crazy Jessica, and two other adult children, whose names are not important to our story. 

She enjoys live music, shopping, fine wine, and sex. But not in that order. 

She has big firm D cup tits, flat abs, a fine butt, and legs. Oh my god, does she have legs.

***

Our story begins with Brian standing in line at the grocery store, unaware that he is about to run in to his X Mother in Law. 

Cue Brian walking out the door as Sandra is walking in, and, action.

***

"Hi, Brian! how've you been?"

Brian was startled by Sandra's greeting, but not as startled as he was by what she was wearing to the grocery store these days. 

She was dressed in a tight fitting white tank top that her hot pink bra with the skinny little straps was pretty well visible through. As was her ample cleavage. A pair of tight fitting white shorts barely covered her taut firm buttocks. 

Her matching hot pink thong panties were also pretty well visible through the flimsy material.

If you had followed her fabulous legs all the way down to her feet, a pair of leather sandals would have met your eye.

Brian's eye was pretty well glued to that camel toe she was rocking. 

Sandra didn't notice Brian's eye, because her eye was stuck just as hard to the massive bulge in Brian's pants, a bulge that twitched and began to swell for a second until he regained his lost composure. 

"Hey Sandra! God, your'e looking great! how'ya doing?"

"Oh doing great, just got divorced, got a new job, life's good. What are you up to these days?'

Brian and Sandra had always gotten along well, so they stood there and talked for a few minutes about this that and the other. 

By the time Brian realized his frozen food was starting to melt, they had exchanged numbers and talked about getting a drink. 

They talked about getting a drink, that is. What they thought about was something else. 

Brain thought about how good it would feel to push his big fat dick right through the middle of that camel toe.

Sandra thought about how good it would feel to have that big fat dick hammer her cervix to a pulp. 

But both were endowed with reasonable amounts of tact, so of course, those nasty little thoughts were just thought and not spoken. Yet.

***

Three short days later they met for a coffee on her lunch hour. There wasn't much in the stream of texts which had ensued after they swapped digits to suggest what was going to happen. 

Oh sure, there was some flirting going on, a hint or two, but nothing that would have indicated THIS was going to happen.

She had gotten free late for lunch, which wasn't a problem for him since he only worked three 12 hour days a week. 

Sandra looked very professional, her sandy blond hair up, her light colored blouse buttoned high so as not to reveal any cleavage, a well matched knee length skirt, nude panty hose, and some tasteful flats on her feet. 

Brian was in shorts, flip flops and a tank top. 

Summer in Texas, you know. "Sun's out, guns out" he always said.

The coffee shop was a small one, and not crowded. They made some small talk, drank their coffee, and rubbed legs under the table for a little while.

When Sandra excused herself to go to the rest room, Brian was already pretty sure he'd have his big fat dick inside her soon. He had no idea how soon. 

He was beginning to wonder what was keeping her, when he looked down the small corridor leading to the single unisex bathroom, and saw Sandra's face sticking out, beckoning to him with a finger.

As soon as the bathroom door closed behind him their lips fused together.

At almost the same instant that her hand gripped his big fat dick though his shorts, his hands hiked her skirt up around her waist.

She pulled his loose fitting gym shorts down and his big thick dick sprung free, already fully erect. 

They continued their passionate kiss as she stroked his rod and he rubbed her already wet pussy through her panty hose. Sandra dropped to her knees, holding his juicy prick in her hand, drinking in the sight through her sea green eyes. 

It was gorgeous. She guessed it was over 9 inches long, and thicker than any penis she had seen before. The glans was bulbous and shiny, with a tiny slit just below the top of its center. 

Three vaginal deliveries had knocked the tight right off her pussy, and even though she did her kegal exercises faithfully, her X husband's average sized dick hadn't been giving her the satisfaction she desperately craved for quite some time. 

She had known Brian was big, but now, holding his throbbing rod bare in her hands, she knew that this massive tool would satisfy her. 

She opened her lips and leaned forward, enveloping his shiny bulb in her soft warm mouth. 

Very soon, Brian was ready to get his nut. But he didn't want it just yet.

He pulled his cock back out of her mouth and lifted her up to sit on the counter top between the sink and the wall. 

She leaned back and spread her legs wide. He began to mouth her wet pussy through the crotch of her panty hose. 

Using his strong hands, he ripped a big fuck hole in her panty hose and rose to his feet, his thick powerful rod throbbing in his hand.

The head and a couple of inches entered her easily. Her soft moaning filled the bathroom as he worked his cock in to her deeper with each powerful thrust, stretching her vagina insanely wide, wider than she had been stretched since her last baby. 

Sandra's hips began to shudder as her orgasm swept over her. He felt the walls of her vagina spasm hard on his cock, crushing the thick knob so hard he couldn't even push it all the way in to her. 

Now he was hammering that big thick dick in to her hard and fast. She was ten times hotter than his girlfriend. He hadn't had pussy this hot since he left Jessica.

Very soon, he felt the head of his big fat dick begin to tingle and swell. 

Sandra also felt the thick bulbous knob of his cock begin to swell, and knew he was ready to blow his load. 

"Don't cum inside me! I have to go back to work!" she whispered urgently in his ear.

He pulled his steaming rod out of her and stepped back, stroking it rapidly.

Sandra hurriedly slid off the counter and on to her knees, sealing her warm lips tightly around the shaft of his penis just as the first spurt of his hot thick cum burst from the slit in his shiny glans. 

From the time the bathroom door closed till the time she suckled the last sweet drop of nectar from the head of that big beautiful penis, less than 10 minutes had elapsed. 

***

Meanwhile, 2,133 miles away, Jessica is face down on the ground in the middle of a circle of cops. She'll tell you she was set up. Maybe she was. 

An eight ball of meth is plenty to go to jail for. Probably shouldn't be selling that to someone you just met.

***

Dinner and a movie = fuck. 

At least it did to Brian. Not so much to Sandra, but truth be told she would have preferred this little tale cut right to the fuck anyway. 

Not that she didn't like being wined and dined. But Brian was sixteen years younger than her. He was pleasant enough company, and his table manners were good, but she really didn't feel like she had much in common with him.

Except for sex, that is. 

Dating him was not in her plans. And now the end of dinner was approaching fast. Sandra decided to explain herself a little more clearly.

"Thanks for taking me to dinner, Brian, but there's something I think you should know. I'm not interested in dating you."

Brian's face fell just a bit.

"But don't misunderstand me. It's not just you, I don't want to date anyone. What I want is a nice big cock a couple of times a month. And as long as we're clear on that, that nice big cock can be yours."

Brian's face recovered. That sounded more like what he had in mind anyway. Sandra was so much finer than that skank Anna he'd been banging for the last year or so. He wondered briefly if Anna was pissed that he cancelled their usual Friday night fuck date. 

"OK, that works for me!" he smiled. 

Sandra gave him a sultry smile and whispered; "Shall we get the check and head over to your place?"

Her hand slid slowly up his thigh.

***

As soon as the door to his small house closed behind them, their lips ground together and their tongues thrust eagerly in to each others mouths.

He ran both hands through her thick sandy hair and pulled back enough to whisper,

"Let's go to bed". 

A trail of their discarded clothing marked the path to the bedroom.

He stood regarding Sandra's body as she sat on the bed and rolled her panty hose off. 

"Shit, her legs are even finer than Jessica's" the thought as he climbed on the the bed next to her and cupped a firm luscious breast, brushing his wet lips over the nipple. 

Sandra moaned and spread her legs wide for him to mount her. 

"i don't have any rubbers, Sandra. Do you want me to pull out again?"

"It's OK" she whispered and took his thick hard shaft in her hand, guiding him to her opening. "You can cum inside me." 

He pushed his thick bulb gently against her slick wet opening and felt her inner labia snap over his glans.

"Mmmmmm yeah, fuck me" she sighed as he entered her. 

In just a few strokes his thick powerful cock was fully embedded in her silky smooth pussy. He began to thrust slowly in and out. Sandra folded her legs around his back and began to rotate her tight firm butt in small circles in time with the rhythm of his strokes.

He looked down at the luscious woman writhing underneath him. Except for a few wrinkles and stretch marks, she could have been Jessica. He pushed the thought out of his head and went back to plowing his long thick cock deep in to Sandra's hot wet hole.

He rose up and pulled her to the edge of the bed. Standing flat on his feet he had a near perfect angle to drive his steaming prick in to her relentlessly. Sandra's tight ass began to squirm on the bed as he held her ankles high and hammered his long thick cock against her cervix over and over. He felt her body go rigid and a series of powerful orgasms swept over her, her vagina spasming hard on his thick meaty rod, almost spitting him out. 

He released her ankles and her legs flopped open, just about flaccid in her post orgasmic state. 

He moved her up on to the bed with his powerful arms and lowered his chest down on to her thrusting breasts as he entered her again. 

Now he was pounding in to her with abandon. The thick knob of his cock began to tingle, he knew he was ready to empty his cum filled balls deep inside her. 

"Sandra... oh Sandra I'm gonna cum" he groaned and slammed himself in to her all the way. He pulled hard on both cheeks of her taut firm ass and grunted as the first rope of his hot thick semen burst from the head of his wildly spurting prick and in to her welcoming womb.

Sandra locked her legs around his back and massaged his balls with her hand as he continued to throb deep in her firm flat belly. 

Finally, his penis began to soften and he rolled off of her, exhausted. 

"Thank god I had my tubes tied" she thought, looking at the huge pool of his semen that had flowed out of her and down on to the sheets. 

***

Anna asked Brian to meet him for coffee, which seemed a little strange, since they had been dating and having sex for over a year. 

He didn't wait long at the coffee shop before she walked in.

She didn't even sit down. 

"Brian, I'm sorry, but I'm not sorry. I'm done with you. All I've been to you is someone to screw. Well now I've found someone, and maybe he's not great in bed, but he treats me with respect. Lose my number, OK?"

She turned on her heel and walked off. 

Of course she had driven by and seen Sandra's car in his driveway. How stupid did he think she was?

This one stung. He hadn't thought she was the one or anything, god knows no one had made him think that since Jessica, and look how that one turned out. 

There had been so many since Jessica now. Not so many that he couldn't count, but more than enough. None had lasted more than a few months until Anna, and while he never would have thought it could get serious, it had definitely been getting comfortable.  

Brian wasn't the type to cry over it, so he didn't. He was more disappointed about not getting his dick wet today than losing Anna, if the truth be told. He didn't think she was terribly bright, and she certainly wasn't pretty. She was just willing. But not any more. 

Oh well, plan B he thought. Sandra was probably free. She was a much better fuck anyway he thought as he pulled out his phone to text her.

"Hey Sandra." Less than a minute went by.

"Hey Brian"

"Let's fuck"

"OK"

***

An hour later she was lying on the bed, writhing and moaning as his long thick cock pistoned in and out of her buttery soft cunt. 

He lifted her legs, holding her ankles high in his hands and slowed his thrusting, savoring each moment inside Sandra's hot wet pussy. 

She was so beautiful, just like her daughter.

Brian tried to put that thought out of his mind again, like he had so many times before, but it wouldn't leave. He pictured Jessica in Sandra's place and his cock throbbed. 

He closed his eyes and lowered himself down on to her, crushing her thrusting breasts against his chest as he began to pound his cock in to her hard and fast. 

The vision of the lovely young Jessica played on a loop in his head as he felt the thick knob of his cock began to swell. His balls were aching to empty their heavy load of cum deep inside her.

Sensing his coming orgasm. Sandra locked her legs around his back and thrust her tongue in to his ear. 

The thick head of his cock slammed in to her cervix. He grabbed her tight ass and spread her wide, stretching the little hole in her cervix open as he held the head of his huge cock tight against it.

"Uhhh" he grunted as the first hot thick rope of his sperm burst from the head of his penis directly in to her womb, splashing against the back wall as another and then another followed it. 

He was blowing his huge load deep inside Sandra, but in his mind, he was blowing it deep inside Jessica, giving her the baby he had hoped so badly she would bear for him.

The vision began to fade as his slowly softening prick continued to throb gently in Sandra's belly. 

Damn her. Damn her for making him love her and turning in to the bitch from hell.

No one would ever replace her, and fucking her mother was just reminding him of what he had hoped their life together would be. He had hoped they would grow old together. Now it was looking like he would grow old alone. 

***

And now, we fast forward another five years.

Jessica still has a hot mom, but for how much longer, who knows. Sandra doesn't care about things like that. 

A couple years back she grew tired of being Brian's cum dumpster and met a nice man just a few years her senior.

They have decided to grow old together. 

Brian still can't keep a girlfriend. It seems a woman will tolerate a man's shit if he's great in bed, but only for so long. 

Jessica is two weeks out of the Washington Corrections Center for Women in Gig Harbor. 

She's five years clean and has decided that she likes the way her mind operates without drugs and alcohol better. A lot better. 

She headed straight back to Texas. Her mom was glad to see her alive. But not that glad. 

Her X husband doesn't know it yet, but he's going to see her alive too. 

For the first time in years. In about one minute. 

We'll just have to see how glad he is about that. 

Cue the knock on the door, and...

***

Brian barely heard the soft knock on the door. The only people that knocked on his door these days were Jehovah's Witnesses. But they usually didn't come at night. 

He pulled the door open and froze. 

"Hi Brian". She said, with a flat affect. 

"Jessica".

The silence quickly became awkward. 

"May I come in?" She spoke softly, more softly than he could remember. 

"Uh, sure, I guess. So how have you been?"

They sat at the kitchen table, and Jessica began to talk. It was an hour or more later when she finished her little tale. 

She hadn't been talking long before he realized she was never crazy, she was just one of those people that don't do well on drugs.

He was touched by her story of the trials she had been through in the last 10 years. A few laughs, a few tears, and he was as comfortable with her has he had ever been. 

He could remember why he had loved her all those years ago.

"Well that's my story Brian. I'm sorry I put you through all that when we were married. It took a prison term to get there, but I'm five years clean now. I'm not going down that road again."

"That's past Jessica, I'm over that. And I'm proud of you, really proud."

"Have you found someone else?'

"There have been a lot of women, but I've never loved again, if that's what you mean."

Another long silence followed, but this one didn't feel awkward.

"Uh, Brian, do you think maybe I could crash on your couch for a couple of nights?"
