 "I like red headed men, you know?" 

The Rock and Roll pounded over the speakers as the next girl took her place on the center stage. It was a smaller club with a limited number of dancers, so I had clearly seen you each time I took the stage to dance. It was a Thursday night and the crowd was thin. Each time I danced, our eyes locked for a few moments. When I'd look away, I could still feel your eyes on me. Only then, you were searching my body. I could feel you checking out my small, but firm upturned breasts. I knew your eyes would venture down to my firm ass. With my back to you, I'd push my ass into your face. I could almost feel your tongue reach out and flick my 'hole. Just the thought of you rimming my 'hole made my pussy shake. 

I knew I had your full attention. When I turned around to face you, I bent at the knees. The raised floor brought my pussy to your eye level. With my knees closed tightly, my hands played with my breasts, pinching and pulling my hardened nipples for you. I waited until you sat your glass of beer down before reaching out and lifting the glass to my lips. I looked you in the eyes awaiting approval. With a nod of your head and the smile on your lips, I took a drink of your Sam Adams. I could hear the other guys in the club, but my attention was on you. With the glass still to my lips, I let it run down my chin and fall onto breasts. A cheer went up from the club. 

Continuing to pour, the beer ran down my flat stomach and between my legs. Setting your glass down, my hands ran over my breasts. The lights reflected the glistening beer. I slid my left hand between my thighs and into my black, trimmed bush. My middle finger parted my lips as I slowly spread my legs. I hesitated on my clit momentarily before bringing my finger to my mouth. Sucking it in created a roar in the club. 

Standing, I finished my dance. "Can I get you to buy me a drink?" Sitting this close, my hand easily slid between your legs. Cupping your cock in my palm, "So, you enjoyed seeing my show as much as I enjoyed giving it. I'm Shelley, and you are ...?"

"Damned glad to meet you (laughs)! I'm George, it's my pleasure to meet you, Shelley. I really enjoyed your show." 

"Well George, I don't often get this turned on while dancing, but I do like performing for attractive red-headed men, you know?" 

I started to chat with Caroline, the cocktail waitress, but don't worry about me forgetting you. My fingers continued to stroke your cock through your jeans as she and I chatted. I could feel your eyes focused on my chest, the thin fabric (sort of a mesh) only partially obscuring my hardening nipples and large brown aureolas. The dark blue thong was barely covering my bush. You had already seen that I had no tan lines. I really enjoy lying nude in the sun down on the beach. Caroline left and it was just the two of us. "Thanks for the drink, George. A girl gets pretty thirsty up there in the bright lights." 

We continued to talk for the next fifteen minutes or so as a couple girls took their turns on stage. "Next on stage ... is Samantha." 

"Oh George, watch Sam. She's my roomie. I just love to watch her dance." Samantha is a tall, long-legged blonde with large breasts (think 38C). As she danced, her breasts bounced under her top. By the end of the first number, she was only wearing a fire engine red thong bikini. Her hands playing with her breasts as she danced. She really worked the crowd into a frenzy. 

You held up a couple singles to tip her as she walked by us. She bent at the knees to accept your tip. Standing in front of us, she pulled the waistband of her thong out wide for you, exposing her shaved pussy. Two silver rings piercing her lips could be seen by us. She reached out to me, pulling my mouth to her left nipple. My tongue arced circles around her hard nipple. She stood and danced on to the next guy. 

I could feel your cock jump in your pants as I kissed her lovely breasts. "You liked that? Would you like to kiss my breasts? We can go to a backroom." I knew I had you, you had to go with me now. "Come on, George. It's only $100. You know you want to cum with me." 

"Lead the way, Shelley."

Leading you by the hand, we walked past the bar and through the swinging doors. Knocking on the third door on the right, we entered into a dimly lit room. As the door closed behind us, the music was now barely audible in the background. I wrapped my arms around you and pulling you close, we kissed. My tongue pushing through your lips. I could feel your trepidation at being here. 

"I hate to ask, but I need the money up front." Taking the twenties, I dropped them in the corner with my heels. I pulled my top off and tossed it in the pile. I pulled you close and pressed your lips to my breasts. Your tongue slathered my nipples, bringing them to hardened pebbles. I pulled your t-shirt over your head and ran my hands over your chest. My left hand reached down and once again cupped your stiff cock. Unbuckling your belt and unzipping your fly, your pants slid down easily. Your boxers followed, although I did have to coax them over your tent pole. My hand stroked your cock from base to tip. 

"Ooh George, you are happy to see me. Please sit down." I laid out a towel on the couch for you to plop your bare bum. Stepping back, I rolled my thong down my legs and I began to dance just for you. "Please stroke your cock, I do love to watch." 

Your enthusiasm further excited me, but I did need to make it last. "George, slowly ... do save something for me." I continued to dance nude just for you. My body swaying, my hands stroking my cunt. Occasionally, I'd play with my little clit. I finally dropped to my knees. My lips circling your tip. My hands replaced yours as I squeezed your sack. My mouth pumped long, slow strokes up and down your cock. Prolonging your thrill, my teeth raked your soft underside and a stream of your cum shot down my throat. My lips pumped you dry. "I do love redheads. Now get out of here so I can take care of myself!"