 "Shit, I hate sitting in coach with all these people! I can't believe all the miles I have flown and my Elite Status won't even get me a first class upgrade."

I looked up from my seat 12d on the American Airlines plane, Flight 1164, New York LaGuardia to Reagan Airport, Washington, DC. What a vision. Auburn hair, shoulder length, light brown eyes, skin alabaster as shiny new pearls. High cheekbones. Freckles. Early 30s, 5'6'', around 120 lbs, light gray business suit, dark red ruffled top. Size 4, 36c. Trim and athletic. Could I or could I not see the hint of a black bra? A skirt down to just above the knees. I tried very hard not to stare a hole thru her. I was not sure I was succeeding. 

"I hate sitting with the coach people, too", I deadpanned. "I wish they would all just take Greyhound where they belong."

Her eyes got small for a second, her face scrunched up a bit. Then she burst out laughing. "I guess I did sound like a pretentious you know what! It is just that this has been an endless day. At least you made me laugh at myself."

I got up from my aisle seat and she climbed in to the window seat. I got a wonderful view of that tight behind and my mind started to wander...

"Laney" she said and put her hand out. 

"Cam." We shook hands

"Nice to meet you, Cam." 

"Nice to meet you too, Laney."

"Was the day really that bad?"

"Those damn venture guys don't understand my company's business model."

"What is your business?"

"Renting toys." She paused, then continued. "You know, kids get bored with their own toys so quickly. So we will swap them out as often as you like. It is a $29.99 monthly subscription." If kids get really attached to a particular toy, the parents can buy it from us."

"Sounds like a great idea. Do you have a lot of customers?"

"About 7,500. We grew 180% last year." 

"Wow. Who is your market?"

"Young, upscale, hip parents who don't want to be caught dead in a Toys R Us, with all of the crying, whining, sitting on the floor of the store screaming "Daddy I want this", "Mommy I want that". So to skip that stuff they'll shop with us. Junior can even help out and pick out the next set of age appropriate toys online if Mom wants. No muss, no fuss for Mom and Dad." 

"How do you get your customers?"

"Internet advertising and word of mouth, mainly"

"So why today's frown? "

"We need funding to grow. I met with a junior venture capitalist here in New York. We call them VCs, and this 25 year-old know-it-all seemed reluctant to keep funding. The limited vision he had was for us to be bought out by a Wal-Mart or Kmart, but their customers are not our customers. I tell you, for all their Harvard educations, some of these VCs are pretty stupid at times. So for now, money is tight."

"What do you do for your company?"

'I am the CFO."

"Wow, Laney", I said. "You must be proud of your accomplishments, especially so young." 

"You know, Cam, I don't feel that young. I am so busy and so tired I don't have time to sleep, much less think about that kind of stuff. She looked up at me - "Maybe when I am a little older..."

"Like me."

"I didn't say that. You look pretty young. What are you, 42?"

"Thanks for the compliment. I am a young at heart 50;"

"You look great for 50, Cam. You look like you take care of yourself pretty well. She smiled and joked, "You even have your hair!"

Did she really say I looked great? I seemed to miss the rest of what she said. My mind started to wander once again, and then my brain got back in gear. 

"Well, Laney, you look terrific yourself. What are you, 25?" 

"Very gentlemanly of you, Cam, but no. I am 33.'

We continued on awhile, and time actually flew, even, I might add, in coach! Laney talked mostly about her company, how she came from a single parent family, worked and paid her own way through college, started out her career as a cog in a very large company, worked her way up, and how she got the job she had today. It was a great, all-American story, and I loved listening to it as much as I loved watching her tell it. 

As we started our descent, Laney asked "Wow, I have been talking so much. I don't even know what you do or why you are flying to Washington." 

"I have a convention to go to for my continuing education for my CPA". It frankly wasn't all that interesting. So, I changed the subject and asked "Laney, how long are you in DC?"

"Just one night. I have a meeting tomorrow."

"Where are you staying?"

"Embassy Suites, Georgetown"

"Wow, our hotels are close. I am staying at the Westin Georgetown for my convention. Laney, I am going to go to my hotel, workout, shower, and then get something to eat. I'd love it if you could join me. I paused. "Uhh, for dinner, that is." 

Laney blushed a bit and said "Thanks for the offer, Cam, but I have a lot of work to do - check emails, review for that meeting tomorrow..."

"You have to eat, don't you?"

"Yes, but I was going to order..."

I cut her off . "Laney, I hate eating alone. I usually bring back food from the hotel restaurant, eat in my room and watch some stupid baseball or basketball game I don't even care about." I practically pleaded, "If you'll have dinner with me, you'll be doing a favor to an elderly gentleman."

Laney thought for a second and snickered. "You're not that old." She gave a small sigh. "OK, I have at least 2 hours of work, need to shower, freshen up (I liked the sound of that.) How about dinner at 7:30?"

"Sounds good." 

"Where?"

"Any dietary restrictions?" I didn't want to suggest a steak place if she was a vegetarian. 

"No."

"Good. Do you like steak? 

"Sure"

"I'll pick out a place, then, and pick you up. I'll meet you in the lobby of your hotel at 7:15."

I checked into my hotel, went to the convention welcoming booth to pick up my packet of sessions and events, then went to the hotel gym and hit the elliptical, hard, for 45.minutes. I was in good shape, but still had an extra pound or two to lose, and I wanted to lose it immediately, even though that was impossible. I went back to my room and showered and shaved, put on the best outfit I had with me, and walked over to Laney's hotel. I wore a blue sport coat and light gray button down shirt, with darker gray pants. I also had on a striped, mainly red, tie. I was at Laney's hotel 10 minutes early. I kept nervously scanning the lobby, and then I saw a stunning sight - Laney walking right towards me, in a little black dress - sleeveless, which showed off those pearly white well-toned shoulders and arms, with her neck and top of her torso showing. The additional skin I was now able to see had plenty of freckles - I quickly thought of that freckled Brazilian supermodel, Cintia Dicker. Laney's dress was about knee length. She had on sheer black hose that were transparent enough to keep a man's imagination wandering. 3 inch heels. I let her walk ahead and noticed the backline went about one-third of the way down. Most importantly, she was fully dressed, as they say, because she had on the most important thing - a bright smile. This could be good...

I said, "Laney, you are a delight to behold in that dress." 

"Thank you Cam. You look handsome yourself." 

"I like your smile, too. Good news?"

"Yes, yes. I spoke to the head VC and he overruled his dumb-ass underling. The head VC approved another 6 months of funding. That is a huge relief."

We walked towards the steakhouse, got a table, and, since we would be ordering steaks, asked for a wine recommendation. The waiter recommended a 2010 Ribbon Springs Pinot Noir. Laney sipped first, then I sipped. The wine had a wonderful bouquet and a slightly fruity taste. 

After some wine and a little bread, Laney loosened up some more. "Cam, tell me about you"

"Well, I am just a boring old controller at a bank in the New York City suburbs. And there is a conference here in Washington that I have to go to for CPA credit. 2.5 kids, 0.5 dogs, white picket fence. You are a big success, flying around, creating a business, making parents of all of those kids happy. I am balancing debits and credits. Just an average man in an average life."

"Family?"

"Married, one son who is 23 and just graduated, but can't find a job and still lives at home, and a daughter who is 19 and just starting college." You?

"No - no time for family, Cam." 

"Well, at least your life isn't boring." 

"No one's life is all boring, Cam. Tell me something interesting."

I thought for a second, looked into her eyes and told her something I rarely disclose to anyone I haven't known for at least 10 years. "I am a cancer survivor."

Laney ' face fell flat. "I am so sorry. What kind?"

"Testicular, left testicle, about 15 years ago."

Her eyes opened wide. "Cam, I'm so sorry. Did it hurt? " 

"Look, I am lucky, it could have been much worse. The surgery left a small scar but didn't hurt much. The radiation starting one month later wasn't any fun, but wasn't awful. I lost about 20 pounds, threw up some, lost muscle, needed new belts to keep my pants up. Then after a few months the effects of radiation stopped. I paused for a moment, then do what I do best to loosen the tension I just created - tell a joke. "The unfortunate thing is that this ended my lifelong dream of being a male model!"

Laney smiled at the joke. "Uhh, can you..."

I chuckled. "The good lord has seen fit to provide two of many of our parts, when we only need one to function. Actually, the remaining testicle got extra large. So I can function quite well, when called upon, thanks! It is just that I am so rarely called upon."

"Why?"

"It's an old story. You start with a passion for each other, then life intervenes, kids come along and soak up any sexual energy you might have. You start arguing over little things. Sex goes by the wayside. And my wife is somewhat of a puritan in that department, anyway. I still love her dearly, but more and more I crave that excitement you get of entering the unknown, with your heart racing. I have not had that in a long, long time." 

"I understand. People say to me: Laney, you are beautiful and successful. How come no one has caught you yet? And I tell them I am so busy I just don't have the time. I have an occasional date, but I think that either my success scares off men or that they just think they'll never get to spend any time with me given my schedule. And to be frank, at the end of a 12 hour day I just want to eat some take out salad and go to bed. Doesn't leave much time for romance."

"Well", I said, "Our sad stories are in the past. Let's focus on the here and now. You've got your funding. And my cancer has been gone for 15 years. Let's celebrate!" 

I was about to look for the waiter, but Laney took charge. "Garcon", she yelled, "another glass of wine."

We continued on, working our way through the Caesar salad. Laney reached for the boat of vinaigrette dressing. The wine had been making its way to my head, and I put my right hand over her left one for an instant, and let it linger slightly more than it should have had it been an accident. For a second Laney was startled. Had I gone too far? I was about to mumble an apology when the answer quickly came -Laney reached across the table and put her other hand on top of mine for at least five seconds. The answer further came when I felt Laney's now shoeless foot touch my leg, and it moved up and down my calf. She then brought her foot down with a mischievous smile.

I ate my "cowboy" ribeye, and Laney ate her European cut filet, whatever that is. We split an order of "jumbo" asparagus. Laney made a bit of a show in eating the last piece or asparagus, putting it briefly in, then out, of her mouth. I blushed. Halfway through the main course, we each ordered one more glass of wine, though I barely touched the third glass, as I am not a big drinker. We skipped dessert. The check came and I reached for my wallet, but Laney quickly reached into her purse and pulled out her black American Express Card, and said "No, I am paying. Dinner with you has been a delight." I tried to protest but was cut off. We left the restaurant, and since it was a beautiful, 55 degree spring evening, I asked Laney if she wanted to walk around the National Mall and see the monuments at nighttime. She said yes and I put her hand in mine as we walked in the crisp spring air. She looked cold, so I gave her my jacket. The monuments were gorgeous in the night sky. As we made our way back towards our hotels, Laney leaned her head into my shoulder. She asked if I wanted to come up to her room for some coffee. My heart was now pounding in my chest. My suave reply: "Uhh, sure."

There was sexual tension as we had the elevator to ourselves, but somehow we kept our hands off each other during the ride. We got to her floor and walked towards her room. She put the card key in the room lock and entered. She took off my coat that she had been wearing outside and walked towards her 23rd floor window and looked at the view. I followed behind her and looked at a different view, but what I looked at was much prettier. I came up behind her and lightly brushed those sparkling bare shoulders, and I heard "mmmm". I then massaged her shoulders while working my way towards the top of her bare back. I bent over to lightly kiss her shoulders. She leaned her butt back, and I leaned my torso forward. My stiffening erection brushed up against her. We stayed that way for awhile and both swayed a bit, and my arms continued to explore Laney's sides. 

Laney turned around, loosened my tie, and began unbuttoning my shirt. When she undid the last button, she pushed open the shirt, rubbed her hands on my chest and put her thumbs on my nipples, which surprised me. This caused my erection to harden further. Laney pulled the shirt off my shoulders and it fell to the ground. She looked at my chest and arms smiled and said "Wow Cam, nice muscles. Are you this big all over?" She lightly rubbed the skin on my chest and sides, which felt heavenly. I reached for the straps on her dress and watched it tumble down. Now I could completely see the black lace bra. But not for long. Fortunately, the clasp was in the front and provided easy access. I undid it and watched her breasts jiggle with life, freed from their temporary incarceration. Laney stepped away and towards the bed, and I just watched as she took off her shoes and hose. She was left with only silk black panties. She looked at me and I got the message to sit on the bed and take my shoes and socks off, too. When I stopped there, Laney looked at me quizzically. So I loosened my belt and pulled down my pants. My erection was a tent pole against my blue Calvin Klein underwear. 

Laney moved towards the head of the bed and motioned me upwards. I kneed my way up the bed and lightly brushed her lips with mine. We then had a very long sensual, passionate kiss. As we kissed, Laney's hands lightly went up and down my back and sides, causing me to involuntarily shake. After we both came up for air, Laney said "Cam, you are a great kisser", then we resumed. When we came up for air again, I slowly moved to kiss her cheeks and neck, kissing lightly and then more forcefully the hollow of her neck. Laney let out a soft murmur. 

I made my way to her chest, kissing down towards those luscious orbs. I first breathed just above her right nipple. I gradually made my way to the area between her breasts, without touching them. Then the tips of my index finger lightly made a circle on the outside of that breast. I them moved and began kissing the right breast, deliberately avoiding the nipple for now. I stopped for a second and looked at her. She opened her eyes with a look that said "continue, damn it". So I then put the meat of my thumb on the right nipple, and moved it in a circular motion. I bent forward, blew above the nipple again, and then lightly tongued it. Next I sucked it entirely into my mouth, and moved the nipple to the side of my mouth. I swirled my tongue around its edge, then very lightly nibbled my teeth on it. I next moved over to her left breast.

After then giving her left breast the proper attention it deserved, I moved downwards. I skipped her pleasure palace for now. I lightly brushed her calves and the underside of her knees. I moved up to lightly touch both of her thighs and then kissed them for awhile. I next moved to the bottom of Laney's torso. Laney's panties were getting increasingly wet, and finally I pulled them down. Laney had a beautiful, trimmed auburn bush that matched her hair. A real redhead! I lightly stroked the area where her crotch met her thighs, then licked Laney's pussy lips. Laney opened her legs wider. I licked my right index finger and moved it to her pussy lips. I then gradually penetrated her opening with that finger, and then l went down and licked my adjacent finger as well, then pushing two fingers increasingly into her. Laney moaned encouragement. 

I moved my fingers in, then out, then in just a little bit deeper, then out, repeating the process until my fingers were in as far as they could go. I took my fingers out and moved in to kiss her pussy lips and lightly run my tongue over them. Laney slowly writhed, lost in the moment. I stuck my tongue into her opening and after a few moments found her sensitive nub I was looking for. I lightly licked her clit, and then lightly sucked it, moved away from it, then going back to sucking it. Laney's moans grew louder. I repeated this for awhile, with different pacing and intensity, then stopping. I next very lightly put my teeth on her nub and the damn broke. She squirted out her love juices and was trying to muffle her screams. I licked up all she had to offer. I eased off for awhile, then went in and tried to find the g-spot. Laney had to guide me on this one - "Cam, a little further down", but I found it, and took pleasure in brushing it and kissing it while Laney moaned. After a while, Laney came again. I licked up some more. 

Laney then regained her sense of control. I moved up to her and kissed her, so that she could taste her own sweet nectar. After this, she said "OK, Cam, now you are mine!" 

Laney pushed me off, and I turned over on my back while Laney straddled me. I still had on my Calvin Klein underwear. She rubbed and kissed my chest hair and made her way south. She rubbed her hand on the outside of my underwear, and my erection grew stiffer. She stopped for at least 30 seconds, until I looked at her pleadingly. She went back to what she was doing and pulled down my underwear. She smiled and said "I knew you'd be a big boy". She then lightly toyed with my public hair, and moved her finger to barely brush my single, engorged, testicle. Laney smiled and said - "you were right, that ball is huge!" She moved down towards my thighs and kissed her way up. She next skillfully put her index fingers just to the outsides of my ball. My cock was of course rock hard at this point, but Laney was deliberately not touching it, though she blew over it. She went down and sucked on my giant single testicle. I moaned my approval. She then let it go, with a pop, and blew on my penis once again. I was aching for her touch it. 

Laney made a circle with her fingers, put the circle over the base of my penis, and ever so lightly moved her fingers and hand up and down, up and down, barely grazing my penis but setting it on fire nonetheless. I twitched involuntarily. She then put her tongue at the base of my penis and licked slowly upwards. When she put her tongue in my frenelum, I let out a moan. Laney then moved her hand back to my giant testicle and gave it a light squeeze, and she looked at me for approval. Getting it, she gently squeezed my ball on and off, and then gradually took my length into her warm and inviting mouth. Laney stopped at some point and noticed my precum. She bent down to lick it off, blew on my member, and started again. She gradually took more and more of me into her mouth, then pulled off again and stayed off for what seemed like an eternity but was probably another 30 seconds or so. She saw my look, the confused look of someone wanting the impossible - to both cum and to be left in just-about-to-cum state at the same time. 
