 Wrapped in the arms of her new lover and still breathing heavy from her first mouth fuck in forever, Von ran her tongue over her front teeth as her mind ran wild with excitement. She could still taste Tae's salt and musk.

Von couldn't believe her luck. When she started a profile on REDD2F, she'd never expected a night like this, let alone with a gorgeous and generous guy like Tae. She breathed him in and let her fingers wander over his well-formed chest, his olive skin sticky with sweat.

How is it that we could be living in the same city all this time and never run into each other? Surely, I would've noticed him wandering the streets and felt a vibe. Von ruminated over some of her less fulfilling life choices, the primary being her self-inflicted isolation with work.

"Don't do that," Tae brushed her hair behind an ear and kissed her on the mouth. Von returned to the present. Tae's thumb caressed her jawline while his other hand pulled her body into his. His tongue wrestled hers. "No wandering off on me. This requires your full attention," Tae grinned. Von nodded and smiled back. She'd needed him to bring her back to her senses.

Von rose to her feet and eased her way around the room. Since Tae had carried her in and she'd been...let's say distracted, she took in its design in for the first time now. While she'd caught glimpses during her fever, now she was cataloging each piece and placement, fantasizing how each would play out as the night continued to unfold.

She examined the wall's wood paneling with her fingertips. She wanted a stranger to fuck her standing, to take her against these turquoise cushioned walls, and slam into her aching body again and again. Her clit pulsed and her nipples puckered at the thought.

She spun coyly to face Tae who was leaning against the granite slab, completely naked and beautiful. His abdomen heaved in and out. His cock was visibly a little softer than when they'd started. The pale silk robe he'd draped over her shoulders danced over her hips.

Tae eyed her, smiling. Not bad for a first time, he thought. He had to admit he was having fun just watching Von's mind wander. The pressure was off; there was no rush. He wanted more, but he'd come when her body called him. After all, they were both here for the same thing.

Von explored the room's shaded corners, its perfectly planned architecture and thoughtfully placed furniture. Oh, how much she needed this— to live uninhibited for a few hours, to let loose with a stranger with the same secret need—to fuck and to be fucked. She imagined how she'd force him down in the plush armless chair and ride and buck. She imagined the sound her tits would make as they bounced out of control, how his lap would be wet with all of her, how she'd let him come inside, and the way she would jerk and collapse into him when she came. She exhaled heavily.

Tae rose from the table and went to her. He enveloped her in an embrace and kissed her deeply. This moment was surprisingly intimate. Von broke away with a smile and a trailing arm and continued exploring while Tae followed behind her. She was almost there; she hadn't seen everything yet.

A sign reading, "Open Me." marked a large wooden wardrobe. Von obeyed to reveal an inspired assortment of toys: feathers, boas, pearl strands, handcuffs, whips, clips, rings, vibrators, dildos, and more than a few things she couldn't name.

"What do you like?" Tae was pressed behind her now. His throbbing cock resting in the crevice of her full backside and the small of her back. She instinctively rocked into him. He carefully rolled her hard cocoa nubs in his fingers, gently flipping her steel nipple rings, and massaged her ample breasts. She felt her wetness ooze down her thighs as her sex swelled with desire.

"I like the way you taste," Von said. "I can't get it out of my head." Before she knew what had happened, Tae had gripped her waist, flipped her around and forced her down onto his hard cock. Von was so turned on. She had a mouthful of cock. She moaned as she took him deep. Tae shuddered. She loved how it tickled when she rubbed the head against the ridges on the roof of her mouth. The tingle shot straight to her clit. She tongued the squishy head and sucked each of his clean-shaven balls. Tae lifted her back to her feet for a kiss. He could taste himself on her tongue.

Sweeping her off her feet, Tae laid Von's pulsing body on the cold granite slab and covered her eyes with an ebony, satin mask. The robe fell open exposing her supple, ivory skin. Tae selected a long, violet feather from the assortment and spread her legs open. Her juices glistening down her thighs made Tae's mouth water. Tae dragged the feather across her forehead to her lips, down her neck, swirling her taut nipples and lingering on her sweet breasts, down her abdomen through her belly button. Von's breath quickened. Her aching sex needed attention. Just when she thought that she couldn't bear anymore teasing, Tae flitted the feather over her engorged lips. Then, with warm fingers, he spread her lips open and used the feather to tickle her clit. Von reactively raised her hips.

"Mmmmm." Von loved the attention. And the blindfold heightened her pleasure. She had to admit—it was a nice touch. Next, Tae dove tongue first into her aching pussy. His hot, sloppy tongue lapped and sucked at the petals of her lips and tongued through the folds to hit her sweet spot. His hands grabbed her ass and pushed her from behind, allowing him to force his face deeper into her. She grinded her hips into him. Her pussy was drenched. "Ahhh," she let out a series of grateful moans and ran her fingers through Tae's luscious, black hair.

For a little payback for her ass play before, Tae toyed with Von's tight little bud. He massaged the wrinkles around her asshole and his fingers rubbed her up and down from her crevice to her taint. Von groaned. Her body was electric. It shuddered and twitched with pleasure, but Tae didn't stop. Tae ate her out hungrily. Von involuntarily wrapped her legs tight around his head and lifted her ass off of the table. She was on the verge of her second orgasm.

"Uh uh ah ah... baby, wait," Von cried out, but Tae prodded and sucked her swollen clit with more force. "I'm gonna... I'm gonna... cum!" She couldn't stop it. Von's back arched deeper than she knew it could as an intense orgasm shook through her entire body. "Ahhhh..." she lost control completely. She moaned freely and gyrated into him as Tae slowed the pace, pulling every drop of ecstasy from her lips.

Refusing to let her come down from her orgasm, Tae pulled her to the edge of the slab and used his free hand to guide his head into her hot pussy. She was so wet that he slid right in. She hadn't had a dick inside her in months, so she felt her vaginal walls stretch apart to accommodate his hard cock. The walls gripped him tightly, and she felt like silk. Though bleary-eyed and worn from coming only seconds before, Von quivered at the fullness she felt. She felt an immediate euphoria as Tae hit all the right nerves.

"Ahhhh..." she managed. She was overcome and reeling with pleasure.

Tae's thrusts were immediate. Bringing her knees up and pressing her shoulder, he slammed into her. She loved that she could feel his balls slapping against her cheeks as he fucked her. With her legs up, the slight upward curve in his dick hit her g-spot right away. "Oh, God..."

He kept a fast, even tempo, crashing into her over and over again with full, deep thrusts. Her tits bounced wildly. She started to twitch again.

"Uhhh... ohhh... oh God... oh God... " She tried to turn on her side but he wouldn't let her go. He rhythmically pounded her sloppy pussy over and over and over. "Oh... oh... Oh, God..." Her mask fell to the floor and her eyes met his. They glowed black with desire as he smiled back at her. She felt another orgasm building.

Tae changed the tempo, thrusting deep and holding it for a beat. His dick was so deep that he was hitting her cervix now. Von yelped in a mixture of pain and pleasure. At first, she felt the pain of Tae unexpectedly hitting such a tender, untouched spot with such force. After a few hits, the pain transformed and her insides reverberated with a new need. This new sensation went deeper and wider than Von had ever felt before—Tae was giving her the intimacy and attentiveness of missionary, running his hands over her sweaty body as he fucked her, but the way he penetrated her was stimulating her taint. Her longing spread from her aching pussy to her backside.

Tae pressed both her ass cheeks together and lifted her slightly from the slab. He thrusted tirelessly. Von couldn't take anymore. Her walls gripped him tighter and she clawed at anything she could get a hold of.

"Fuck me!" she growled. "Fuck me!" She had caught a second wind, and she was losing control. Her hard nipples glowed red and her nostrils flared. Tae pounded unrelentingly, deep thrusts into her silky pussy. Von drew a deep breath. Another deep thrust of his beautiful cock and an earth-shattering orgasm ripped through her. All the muscles in her body contracted at the same time and she clamped hard down on his dick.

"Ahhhh..." Her moan was primal. Tae felt her pleasure and thrusted deep and held it to milk her orgasm. Von squirted, creating a large, wet stain at the robe's hemline and smaller pools of her ecstasy on the slab. Another pump and another. Tae felt his balls tighten as he fucked her.

"Unghh... fuck." Tae shot a hot load of cum into her. Tae came inside, just like Von had wanted.

Tae collapsed to the side of her. The cold granite felt good against his warm skin. Von gently rolled into him for a thank you kiss. Tae brushed her bangs from her forehead and peered into her eyes. Von smiled and shook her head, looking away.

"I still can't believe I'm doing this. How is this real?" Von asked. Tae laughed. He felt the same.

They shared a laugh and, with their backs cooling against granite, they caught their breath and readied for the next phase.