 I’ve always been fascinated by women. When I turned 18 years old, my parents bought me a computer and I suddenly had plenty of fuel to fire my lust. Very quickly, I found that my lust centered on the more mature women in my life. When I say mature, I mean women my mom’s age, not that she’s all that old. Suffice it to say that the material for my sexual fantasies on the World Wide Web consisted of the more “classic pornstars” of the past rather than the ‘newcomers.’ Of course, being so horny all the time, any woman with a nice body and a pretty face did wonders to the state of my cock.

My parents and I live in a high-end neighborhood of extravagant homes with manicured lawns and crystal clear swimming pools. Our house bordered a private golf course and I spent a fair amount of time ogling the women on the golf while either playing or hanging around in our backyard at the pool. It seemed that many of the club members had classic trophy wives who led lives of leisure and spent a great deal of time keeping up their appearance and shopping for their wardrobes, whether for the golf course or for nights on the town. They certainly knew how to spend their husband’s money. 

The wives were tan, fit, and elegant and they enjoyed showing off their wares which were in incredible shape considering the fact that most of them were in their forties. Every time I was in the club house after school there were women dressed in expensive business suits and high heels. On the golf course, these women enhanced the landscape of every hole to make them look like a photo spread for an ad in a golf magazine. 

Our house was quite large, I had my own bedroom upstairs on the opposite end of the main hallway from my parents. This allowed me the privacy I wanted as a high school senior and a good view of the golf course as well as our neighbor’s yard. I spent many hours surfing for sex stories and pictures of hot older women. My appetite for sex was big but with masturbation being my only outlet so far, I often fantasized about losing my virginity to one of the women in the neighborhood or at the country club.

School was always easy for me so I spent a lot of classroom time day-dreaming about my female teachers, neighbors, and the trophy wives at the golf course. Being a typical horny male, I was constantly focused on sexual matters. The shape of a woman’s calves and legs when she wore high heels, the hemline of a skirt against her thighs, the swell of her tits in a blouse, the lace of her bra if exposed by the cut of a shirt, the movement and potential exposure of her panties as she crossed her legs, the sound of her stocking-clad legs rubbing together as her heels click against the floor….

I fantasized every night about beautiful women, even my mom who fit in quite nicely with the country club trophy wives. There were hot girls at my school but they didn’t draw my attention like older women. I dated girls from school now and then but it was awkward for me and I never could figure out how to get past kissing and fondling to my ultimate desire. So my sexual energies typically found limited release in my fantasies about losing my virginity to some hot wife at the golf course or in the neighborhood and then having her teach me the art of loving.

On a warm spring evening, I was sitting at my desk in front of my computer with my headphones on listening to this hot Literotica audio story about a mom and a college student. Her voice hypnotized me and I could imagine that I was the young man that she was fucking. Knowing that my parents were still awake, I couldn’t jerk myself but my cock was super hard as I rubbed it through my pants. 

I was interrupted from the story when my mom walked into my room to announce that she was going to bed. Before she could figure out what I was doing, I flicked to another screen and turned to say good night. She gave me a quizzical look and paused before shutting the door. Despite the fact that mom is gorgeous, this surprise interruption sort of ruined the mood for me and I sat staring at the window. I got up to look next door with my never-ending hope that I would see my neighbor, Mrs. Wilson, undressing or perhaps even fucking. Of course, this never was the case but I still had hope.

It was almost 11:00 and there were a few lights on in the house. Looking into what I knew to be the master bedroom downstairs at the back of the house, I saw someone moving. Excitement shot through me at the possibility that I would finally see something but it turned out to be a man from what I could tell. My angle from upstairs wasn’t good so I decided to go downstairs to try to get a better look.

From our kitchen, I had a better view and saw that Mr. Wilson was packing a suitcase. Disappointed, I turned away to get a glass of water. I resigned myself to going to bed but when I turned back to leave, I saw Mrs. Wilson standing behind her husband. She started to undress so I quickly turned out the light and watched. When Mrs. Wilson began to remove her blouse, I started to get hard and my thoughts of seeing her naked made my heart race. I could see that she was wearing a sexy white lace bra as I waited for more. Unfortunately, just as she was about to unclasp her bra, her husband pulled the curtains shut. A few moments later the lights went out and I was left wondering what was going on in the Wilson’s bedroom.

It occurred to me to go out to their window but I was scared of getting caught so I went to bed and jerked off thinking about Mrs. Rita Wilson. The Wilson’s had been our neighbors for as long as I could remember and because they didn’t have any kids, Mrs. Wilson was often playful with me at parties. Mrs. Wilson had a subtle but classic beauty to her. I’d always thought of her in a motherly sort of way until I was older and I read more into her polite flirtations and appearance. Thinking about her sexually now made it harder to be around her at barbeques when everyone was swimming and wearing very little clothing. Still, she wasn’t a big part of my fantasies until I saw her breasts that night, even if she was still in her bra. I knew that her tits were full and heavy and that they would hang in the way I loved. In most of my fantasies, I love having a woman ride me or to fuck her from behind because of the way her tits will sway and shake to my poundings.

I shot a good big load that night and fell asleep thinking that I might be able to get a better view of Mrs. Wilson by peeping in their bedroom window at some point. It might just be worth the risk.

The next morning I wandered off to school with the usual thoughts. In my third period English class with Mrs. Ryan, I got so hard I considered masturbating in the bathroom between classes. Although Mrs. Ryan didn’t have the spectacular face of a trophy wife, she wore these stylish glasses that made her look kind of sexy. And she always wore dresses or skirts with blouses that were a little tight and made her look sinful and almost slutty. She definitely wasn’t fat, just sort of voluptuous and it was hard to tell exactly what her body was like. Today she was wearing a new outfit—her black skirt hugged her ass and her white blouse was just sheer enough to hint that she was wearing a lace bra. 

“Fucking shit!” I thought to myself, “I bet Mrs. Ryan has a wild side to her.” When class ended, I made sure I was the last to leave so that no one could see the bulge in my jeans. However, I did notice that Mrs. Ryan did a bit of a double take when she saw me leave. Her brief glance to my crotch made me scurry a little quicker out of the room.

After I finished my homework that night, I watch some TV before flipping on my computer. Unfortunately, I didn’t find any new stories that interested me on Literotica so I surfed through some pictures on various sites. I was semi-hard when I glanced out the window and saw the light on in the Wilson’s bedroom again. The curtains were open but I didn’t see anyone so I went downstairs.

From the kitchen, I could see Mr. Wilson unfastening his necktie. He seemed to be talking to someone and I imagined it was Mrs. Wilson. Mr. Wilson moved out of view and then the lights went out. Disappointed again, I decided to go to bed but just as I turned to leave, I saw another light go on. The room was more dimly lit now by a lamp near the window. I waited and waited and eventually was greeted by the sight of Mrs. Wilson wearing a short red satin nightie. She was quickly joined by her husband who took her in his arms and kissed her. After a few moments, they moved out of view. I knew they must have gone to the bed but the lamp was still on.

I ran up the stairs to put on shoes and then snuck out the backdoor. I went around the side of our house and crept along toward the back of the Wilson’s house to their bedroom window. I was scared to peek in because of the light but worked up the courage to pop my head up to the window pane.

When my eyes made it over the sill, I was engrossed by what I saw. Mrs. Wilson was on her hands and knees crawling between her husband’s legs, taking husband’s cock between her lips. I nearly lost it right then but kept watching. She easily took him in her mouth and worked up and down on his erection. A few moments later, she released his short cock and moved up the bed across his body to mount him. She looked so sexy as she did this with her surprisingly big tits swaying.

She worked his cock into her pussy and sat back on it. As she began to ride her husband, her tits started to sway up and down. Even from my poor vantage point, she looked so good like that. Up and down, up and down, her body moved sensually with a nice rhythm. Her husband reached for her hips and began to quicken the pace. Mrs. Wilson began to bounce and moan as her tits shook and the fucking became more forceful. She worked her ass harder and I heard Mr. Wilson start grunting. 

I pulled my cock out and started stroking it. Mrs. Wilson started to grind her hips on the cock in her cunt and I could hear her moaning now. She put her hands on his chest and began to slam down on his cock so hard I could hear their bodies slapping together. I jerked myself harder standing there outside their window with incredible excitement building in my balls.

I stood up taller to see the beautiful woman pull on her nipples and gyrate faster. She looked like she was about to cum and from the noises her husband was making, he was close too. The sounds of their fucking suddenly got louder and I was hypnotized by the action. It took a second but then I went into shock when I saw that Mrs. Wilson seemed to be looking at me. I froze but in the same instant, she smiled and licked her lips. I didn’t know what to do but because Mrs. Wilson didn’t stop, I didn’t either. I kept stroking my big hard cock and watched. 

Mrs. Wilson began to bounce harder and started talking louder. “Fuck me! Honey, fuck me and give me your load!” Then closed her eyes and starting ramming herself up and down. “Oh baby! That’s so good! Cum for me honey! Fill me up!” she yelled.

I was almost pressing my face against the window and my heavy breathing caused some fog to form on the glass. Mrs. Wilson looked at me again and opened her mouth in ecstasy. Her husband grunted as he began to cum and this caused her to shake and moan, “YES!!! Shoot in me! I want your cum! Oh yes! I’m cumming too!!!” She kept gazing in my direction as she groaned and collapsed.

“Did you enjoy that baby?” she said after she caught her breath. She was laying on her husband’s chest, still looking my way. I could only keep stroking myself. Her husband laid still on the bed as Mrs. Wilson slid one of her fingers through her pussy lips. She raised it to her lips and licked it. “I’m going to miss you for the next few days.”

Mrs. Wilson slowly got up off of her husband and moved toward the window. I couldn’t stopped jerking my cock but wanted to run away. She held a finger to her lips as she prepared to turn out the lamp. Seeing her in all of her naked glory, I started to shoot my load against the side of her house. She must have noticed my changing facial expression and raised her hand to the window, so close to my face. My mouth opened as a groan escaped and I shot a huge load of cum on the house. I don’t know if she knew what I had just done but she smiled sweetly and clicked off the lamp, turning back to the bed. A little embarrassed, I stuffed my cock back into my pants snuck back home in excitement and fear. 

**********

When I woke up the next morning, I was uncertain about what would happen the next time I saw Mrs. Wilson. She hadn’t screamed or called the cops when she saw me but it was an awkward situation in general. I got up to shower and when I entered the hallway, I heard voices downstairs. I was too distracted to pay attention and took a long shower to clear my head. The cascade of hot water helped me regain my thoughts and I was glad it was Saturday.

After getting dressed I wandered down the stairs in a good mood looking forward to breakfast. However, I stumbled when I recognized the voices in the kitchen. I couldn’t believe it when I turned the corner and saw Mrs. Wilson talking to my mother at the kitchen table. They were having coffee and laughing about something. I flushed and almost ran back upstairs but Mrs. Wilson saw me and said, “Good morning Paul.” Mom then turned around and greeted me with a “Hi Honey.”

“Uhh, morning. Hello Mrs. Wilson.” I muttered avoiding eye contact.

“Want me to cook you something for breakfast?” Mom asked. I just stood there and then nervously went to the refrigerator. “No, I’ll just get a bowl of cereal.”

“Where’s dad?” I asked as I went about my business, trying to calm down. 

“He took Mr. Wilson to the airport. He’ll be back in an hour.” Mom said.

“Oh…” I said and started in on my breakfast.

“Yes, my husband will be away on business for a week and I was just asking your mother if you could help me with some work in my garden. I wanted to plant some new seeds in the flower bed between our houses.” Mrs. Wilson said with a sly smile.

I glanced at her trying to measure her words. Her word choices were interesting but made me cautious and weary.

“But maybe I should go to the nursery and pick out some flowers, perhaps some roses or clematis that will grow and creep up the side of the house. If you’re busy Paul, I’m sure I can hire someone from the garden to do the work with me.”

“Uhh…Well, I was going to…. Uhh, okay.” I relented when mom reprimanded me with a look.

“Don’t worry Paul. I’ll make it worth your time.” Mrs. Wilson added. “Does two o’clock work for you? If you could mow the lawn too, I’d appreciate it so much. Mr. Wilson hasn’t been happy with the way the lawn looks and I haven’t been satisfied with the service either. You could do it all summer and make some money for all those dates you go on.” She tried to tease me.

I guessed that Mrs. Wilson wasn’t mad at me by this point and in fact, it sounded like she was propositioning me. But I was nervous as hell and the sound of the cereal crunching was violently pounding in my ears.

“Uhh, two o’clock. Okay.” I quickly got up and took my bowl to the sink.

Mrs. Wilson got up and brushed against me as she refilled her coffee cup. Standing next to me, she added, “You won’t need any gloves, I have some for you. I don’t like to wear them myself because I like the feel…of the dirt in my hands.”

“Rita, Paul will be happy to help you and you don’t need to pay him.” Mom got up and joined me at the sink. “I’ll take care of that Paul. Go clean your room and then get ready to help Mrs. Wilson.”

“Yeah, it’s fine Mrs. Wilson. I…I’ll come over at two.” I left the kitchen with a good tingle in my cock.

**********

Two Days of Teasing

I was anxious and excited as I walked next door to the Wilson’s. I rang the doorbell and waited, feeling like I was going to collapse. When Mrs. Wilson answered the door, she was wearing a white sleeveless button down shirt tied at her waist and khaki shorts with sandals. I don’t think she was wearing a bra or panties because I could see a trace of her nipples against her blouse and the material of her shorts was smooth across her ass. I was hoping I could find out by stealing glances during the rest of the day.

She leaned into me and kissed my cheek and whispered, “Thanks for coming. It’s going to be a hot day and I really appreciate you doing this Paul.” She brushed her lips against my ear and sent a shiver through me. I watched her turn to lead me into the house. She asked me if I wanted a glass of lemonade as we discussed and surveyed her plans for the yard. I just listened until she got up to show me where the mower was in the garage. She picked up some keys and led me through the back yard. Again I was treated to the vision of her sexy form move as she walked ahead of me.

After Mrs. Wilson explained everything, she told me she would check on me in an hour. I watched her as she turned to leave, her ass was glorious. I couldn’t keep my eyes off of her and was lost in nasty thoughts when she stopped and turned back to me. I blushed as she said, “Here.” And tossed me the keys.

“You might need these, one is for the garage and the other is for the backdoor to the house. If you want, I’ll hire you to do this for the entire summer. Your mom told me you needed a job.” She didn’t wait for a reply and was gone.

I busied myself with the lawnmower. Overnight, my life was taking on a new dimension but I didn’t have a firm grasp on anything except the fact that I would have to jerk my cock at the next opportunity. I got to work hoping to take my mind off of Mrs. Wilson’s ass. The Arizona heat enveloped me in a quick sweat as I pushed the mower back and forth across the small front lawn. A short while later I moved into the backyard and worked my way around the pool. The water looked enticing as I made my way around and around it with the mower.

When I was almost finished, Mrs. Wilson came out. The swell of her tits in the deep cleavage of her blouse was a welcome sight. Her tan flesh and long legs were obviously the result of long hours spent in the sun. She must have laid out during the day when I was at school. I wondered if she sunned herself in the nude. 

“Looks great Paul. Here’s a glass of water.” she offered.

“Thank you Mrs. Wilson.” I took a big gulp.

“Rita. Call me Rita when your parents aren’t around.” She said. “You know, it’s so hot, you can take off your shirt if you want. You don’t have to be embarrassed around me.”

“Uhm, it’s okay.” I was still a little skinny and immediately decided that I would start lifting weights to get in shape.

“Did you get the side yard over between our houses?” She asked. I’d forgotten that there was a strip of lawn over there. “No, I forgot.” 

“Hmm. How could you forget that Paul?” She paused. “Finish mowing the side and then we’ll run over to the garden center and pick up some flowers.”

“Uh, okay.”

I pushed the mower to area between our houses and saw the cum stain I’d made on the side of the house. After I finished mowing the grass, I tried to wash the cum away while not being seen but I couldn’t get some of it off. I went to put the machine back in the garage when Mrs. Wilson called out that I should get cleaned up and wait for her in her Mercedes Wagon. I washed up in the kitchen sink and went to wait in the car. I was still a little sweaty sitting as I wondered what was taking so long. Just then Mrs. Wilson appeared, her fresh face glowing, her lips painted with bright red lipstick, her bobbed blonde hair pushed behind her ears. “Okay, ready. Sorry it took me so long.” She said as I took in the smell of her perfume. 

As we drove, I kept stealing glances at her tight thighs and the curves of her tits. It was hot and the fact that I was nervous about what she would say about last night didn’t help my increasingly excited condition. Mrs. Wilson broke the silent tension by asking, “So how’s school going?”
