 I had known him for some time now. Both of us were students at university, desperate for hungry realise during periods of intense studying, or binge-watching procrastination for some. Such intimate encounters had been confined to beds we had broken, soft beanbags that rubbed his balls, hard walls we fucked against, and watery messes in the shower. But now exams were over, we lusted for something a bit more adventurous. The idea of being slightly on display, the risk of being caught.

Both of us had bold red hair. Mine flows out of a side parting to sit just below my pale white collarbone. About 5'5 my figure is icy white holding medium sized breasts that just moulded to whatever shape he clasped his hands over. I have narrow hips but tightly defined abs from regular training that goes down into strong, defined thighs. 

My redness was also evident in tufts of golden orange that covered my vagina lips, trimmed to allow easy access to my clit and entrance. He was also a particular fan of my ass that was well rounded, tight when tense, but soft like a marshmallow when relaxed. He often enjoyed just spurting all over the outside of the soft mounds as I rolled my weight into him. 

He was a few inches taller, his hair more sandy than mine, cut short but still grabable when he ate out my pussy. He was slim but extremely toned with strongly defined abs bulging out above his always red pulsing dick (I never saw it soft). It always felt deep and perfectly sized for caressing the walls of my pussy. His thighs were a lot more muscular than mine from all his running, and the sun had tanned his skin golden with freckles from exercising topless outside. 

We were in his car and he was driving us out to the forest and lake for a weekend trip. I had already started to relax from the stress of the term listening to chill tunes on the radio. With the window down, the wind caught my thick red hair, flying it back away from my face. I was wearing a short, white dress that clung tightly around my braless tits and the cool breeze hardened my nipples that were protruding through the fabric. 

My legs were recently shaved and from the driver's seat I kept seeing his eyes flicker down to the smooth, hairless skin. Little did he know, that my dress was just about covering up the fact that I wasn't wearing any underwear at all. The redness was concealed by my legs crossed over each other. 

Glancing over at the short red shorts he was wearing, his growing hardon was barely concealed and his bulge seemed to grow bigger throughout the journey. He also wore a tank top, but with its loose covering and the wind, his pink perky nipples were fully exposed to me and all the other road users. 

We were suddenly stuck in a bit of a queue that was behind a slow moving tractor. Bored but with plenty of cars around, I reached my hand to tweak his nipples slightly. He let out a moan. He began trying to shift around in the seat as his cock started throbbing against the tight shorts that pinned it down. He begged me not to attract attention, because his audible sighs could be heard so close by. 

I smiled and moved my fingers to start pinching my own nipples, rolling the pink tips between my thumb and forefinger. He crept his hand to my legs to finally start feeling the smoothness. He inched his way up my thighs in small circles, the tips of his fingers teasing. Sinking deeper into the seat I let out a few moans as the stinging from my breasts gushed out wetness from my pussy, beginning to soak the black leather. 

Just as he was starting to close in on my soaking lips, while I forgot about everyone in eye and ear shot outside, the traffic finally started moving again. Not wanting to distract him any further, I kept my hands off both of us. Just, whispering in his ear how much I wanted his cock to convulse inside my thick pussy walls, and licking his juicy ear lobe. But, luckily for him, we were almost there.

As soon as we pulled into the almost empty wooded parking lot, he leaned over the gear stick, passionately locking his lips on mine. Pressing our heads together his tongue lapped all over. 

"You're thirsty" I say when he finally pulls back.

"Oh yes, but only your wet squirting clitty will quench me" he declares, causing a wave of shivery anticipation to run through me. 

We finally manage to get our bags out after having to stop several times to passionately make out, bodies pressed against the warm metal of the car. 

By this point it was mid-afternoon and we still had plenty of time for the sun to glisten through the forested paths further into the trees. Clutching my hand we walked deeper along the track, until at last we reached the lake where the water sparkled in a turquoise haze. The walk in the heat of the summer and each other had left us glistening with sweat, a hotness burning through. 

Needing to cool off we looked around tentatively before I stripped off my white dress, leaving my pale tits bouncing out, while his hard dick raged straight against his abs. Being a redhead meant that my pale skin easily burns in any sort of summer weather, and I needed to lather up my exposed naked body before entering the lake. He was only too happy to oblige in massaging this protective lotion all over my body. 

I was standing as he started with my back he rubbed his palms in rhythmic circles across my shoulders while kissing and sucking my neck. Slowly he moved down to my lower back squeezing more lotion out sweeping it across and round to the front of my hips. 

His bodied became pressed up against mine as he reached around to lather up my breasts, each squeeze causing me to press further into his naked crotch. He began stroking softly around my stomach, reaching occasionally down to give my clit a quick swirl.

Instead of feeling like I was about to cool off, his body wrapped around mine massaging lotion everywhere was only getting me hotter. I could feel my wetness beginning to drip down my thighs, so hungry for his taste. He was rolling his cock into my ass, squishing his sensitive tip between my two cheeks. His moans rang heavy in my ears as he sucked hungrily on my earlobes. 

Not wanting him to come so soon, I push him off reminding him that my ass and legs still need sun cream. Falling obediently to his knees, he poured more lotion onto his hands and began rubbing deeply into my cheeks, edging nearer to my crack. 

Then he began to slide his finger in between my cheeks, lubricating the rosebud of my entrance. Suddenly, grabbing my cheeks tightly he began thrusting his tongue all over my ass hole, rimming me furiously. His tongue started to protrude my hole, and gasping in pleasure, my hips thrusted my ass back into his face. While still rimming me hard, his hands started running all over my legs that hadn't seen any attention yet. 

His well skilled fingers stroked the redness all around my lips that glistened with my pussy juices that were soaking right through. Pressing my two lips together, my now rock hard clit was being folded and massaged, trapped between his strong rolling fingers. I grabbed his ginger locks, begging for him to eat me. 

"Are you going to squirt all over my face? Are you going to satisfy my need to drink?" he asks. 

I can only nod and moan in agreement.

So releasing my clit from his grasp, still kneeling on the grass both of us naked in the open by the lake, the sun beginning to set, he begins to lick, suck and thrust his tongue, attacking my clit in all directions. He places one finger up my tight pussy walls, curling it up in rhythmic thrusts to my g-spot. My body is now shaking all over, my hips involuntarily fucking his face. He moves a second finger in and I can feel the desperate pressure starting to build. My body tightening up.

"Fuck, ohhh, I'm going to come!" I scream.

"Come, get your little clit to soak my face".

His words send me over the edge and the flood walls burst with his tongue lapping all over. My clit gushes out my sweet nectar all over his face, while his fingers still fuck me deeper inside. Waves of orgasmic pleasure come over me as my body still lets out a slow stream of cum all over him. Exhausted, I collapse to the floor. 

His lips meet mine in a passionate lock, his tongue covered in my cum, giving its sweet taste to my mouth. 

Slowly recovering, "Shall we go for that swim then?" I tease, knowing he was still desperate to come. He looked pained as I guided him towards to cool, refreshing water, knowing that it would not give him the release he desired. 

Slipping into the body of the lake, a sweet coolness came over me. Diving in I emerged with my long ginger hair now a sparkling deep red in its wetness. The cold of the lake seemed to have lowered his hungry urge to come, as he began to relax.

I swam over to his naked body that shimmered in the clear, blue waters. Leaning my mouth towards his we took long slow sensuous kisses, our tongues swirling and sucking deeply on each other. I wrapped my legs around his body, pressing my crotch tightly into his, while he reached round to hold me by clasping my ass cheeks together. Our kissing got deeper and faster as we floated around, the sun setting on the edge of the lake.

"I've got to fuck you, I can't wait any more" he finally said. We quickly clambered out of the water, our bodies now fully naked, dripping wet and exposed in the dusk light. We hadn't put up our tent yet and with the need to feel his pole inside me, we just had to find the nearest tree to go against.

Finally, he could let that burning cock of his up my wet, sopping pussy. Facing the tree I arched my back, and he began to rub his dick all in my wetness and up and down my clit. Until at last, I felt him slide deep into me and started rubbing my walls in upwards thrusts. 

While I held onto the tree for balance, he grabbed my dripping tits squeezing them and pulling them, making me quiver in so much pleasure. Reach down further he started furiously rubbing my clit with his fingers as I pushed my hips back into him, wanting it deeper and deeper. Suddenly the feeling of his hot cock rubbing my insides and my clit trapped under his clutch I exploded into a series of orgasms. 

My pussy clenched and spasmed over his cock with each wave. Hearing me come and flood his dick with more of my juices, he began to fuck me harder and harder naked against this tree. Groaning uncontrollably I felt his cock shudder and spurt thick cum all inside me in several bursts. We both fell exhausted.

After some slow soft kisses, we decide to put the tent up, eat the snacks we bought and head to sleep. We were both knackered after all of that, and I nustled up next to him in my sleeping bag, falling asleep dreamily.

In the early morning as the sun was beginning to rise, we woke up to our noses softly touching each other and our arms clasped around our hungry bodies. When our mouths found each other we kissed softly, but with increasing desperation pressing my soft breasts into his chest.

My nipples began to harden as he grabbed my thighs, stroking them faster and nearer to my aching pussy. Slowly his fingers crept up to lay claim to my clit, which was drenched already from the hot kisses sucking and tugging my rock-hard nipples. 

My body shuddered with pleasure, causing me to gasp with each tap from his finger tip. My empty insides suddenly remembered his throbbing dick was pressing up in his boxers desperate for release. I began to slightly swirl my finger around his tip as he leaked wetness, messing up his underwear. My lips dived for his sensitive neck, sucking passionately on the soft skin and then sucking his earlobe, causing him to groan.

My fingers trailed his balls before slowly gliding my hand up and down his shaft. Precum spilled down, and hungry for his taste I moved to start swirling my tongue round and round the tip of his dick. He moaned as my lips encased him, his tip rubbing against the back of my mouth. Back and forth his thrusting increased as he began to fuck his hips into my face. 

Giving him my finger to suck, I mirrored his swirling tongue all over his dick as I increased sucking harder and harder. My finger now well lubricated crept down to his arse. Squeezing his firm cheeks in one hand, I began to slide my finger up and down his crack.

And each time I passed over his hole he dick pulsed desperately in my hot wet mouth. He begged me to go further, so I slipped my finger up inside his arse and began pumping in and out. Matching the fucking of my mouth, both began to go harder and faster. The motion of all this had my pussy gushing out juices on the bed, trying to use the friction of the sleeping bag to rub up and down my clit. 

"Oh fuck he moaned, I'm going to come". So I immediately stop everything. 

"Shit, what are you doing?" he asks.

I smile, "Oh just getting the real bad boy out". 

And out of my bag I take out a strap-on with a fully hard dick ready to peg him. Tying it up around my hips it nestles perfectly, meaning that every time I'd press into him, my clit would also be rubbed. 

"Suck my cock" I order. And he scrambles over to place his hot mouth, drooling all over my cock. He tentatively swirled his tongue around the tip, before opening up to start bobbing up and down all over my hardon. 

"Do you want to be fucked in the ass?"

"Mmmm" he nods.

I get him on lying on his back so I can see his eyes moan in pleasure. Now well lubed up with his saliva all over, I slowly press the hard cock into his hole inch by inch, until my hips are pressed up against his tight arse. I start to gently roll my hips, each movement pressing back into my aching clit. 

His eyes roll back in pleasure as I start to smoothly massage his prostate with my cock. Gradually I increase the pressure and speed, reaching down to pinch his nipples, his cock twitches and grows. 

"Fuck me harder" he begs. So I begin thrusting with all my energy, ploughing my cock deeper into his ass. Grabbing his dick I jack it up and down, lubed with his floods of precum. Grunting and shaking he comes all over himself.

His spunk spurted out in thick bursts 5 or six times, coating his hot abs that my hands were now running all over. Just as he let out one lasting groan, we heard movement outside our tent, the sound of dogs and a female voice calling desperately for them to "come away from that tent". 

Her voice was full of excited embarrassment and urgency. But we had left our flap open and she had obviously heard everything. Still with the strap-on up his arse, we saw a fluffy husky pup at the entrance. 

The voice came closer, "oh come out of there Jasper". She had kneeled down and was reaching towards the front of our tent where the husky pup was sat looking at us naked, covered in cum, looking absolutely fucked. Frozen, we had no idea what to do. Suddenly the flap lifted, and this gorgeous woman about 35 with a tight tank top and large tits, opened up our tent fully exposing me pegging him. 

"Oh gosh" she giggled, "so sorry to disturb, just collecting my dog Jasper". Her eyes met mine, glistening with lust and embarrassment. My cheeks flushed with the exercise, this new arousal, and being exposed. I felt my nipples harden and my pussy glisten with even more wetness as her eyes fell to my tits. 

"Uh hi, sorry about our situation, hope it doesn't offend".

"No not all, very jealous myself really"

He was still frozen with both post-orgasm exhaustion, confusion and terror. What on earth was this beautiful milf doing chatting to us both. I mean he had my strap on still thrust up his arse, pressing deeply and pleasurably into his prostate. His hard on was definitely not deflating now, even after all of that. 

I introduce us and say, "Well, if you've got some free time, you're always welcome to join us" I say. God, what on earth was I thinking? It was like she was putting words into my mouth and suddenly I'd invited this fucking hot woman to have sex with us. 

"I'd love to. I need to finish taking Jasper for a walk, but I live close by, just at the house over the hill. Come by later if you want, I've got plenty of refreshments for a hot summer's day."

"Oh wow, we'd be honoured." I stutter. 

And with that, I see her tight ass in her leggings turn away from the tent, leaving me raging hot thinking about fucking her ass while he eats me out.