 V: Squirter

Whilst over dinner, I leaned in close to Liz and whispered;

"I saw you. I saw both of you this afternoon." She was at first a little taken aback and was clearly about to deny the accusation, but at that moment Frank returned from the kitchen with a fresh bottle of wine and, her face red, she had to return to a conversation about the vineyards of France.

Another few minutes and I had my next chance. Helping her with the dishes for desert, Frank and Bob back in the living-room discussing local politics, I said;

"But don't worry. Your secret's safe with me... I just want a go at that incredible squirting cunt of yours..."

"I..."

"Now, Liz. You know I appreciate all that you've done for me at work, but this is serious. If you don't let me have a go, I'll tell Frank... It's as simple as that."

She had very little choice and so eventually agreed to just one fuck... Little knowing I was planning to milk her for all she was worth!

Bob and Frank would be going for a walk. I would catch them up after I'd done a bit of writing, and Liz would feign a headache and stay at home. Whilst the two men walked to a bar, I would be at home soaking myself in gouts of pussy juice from Liz's cunt. 

The front door finally closed at 9:30 with promises that I would catch the guys up – if I had my way, I would be catching them up a good while later. I went on up the stairs to the guest room where Liz was waiting.

She was looking indecisive again and still in her clothes. I produced my mobile phone and placed it on the bedside table.

"You have one chance, Liz. If you don't get the fuck undressed I'm going to ring Frank and tell him why Bob needed to clean the guest room sheets this afternoon."

Once stripped, I had her stand naked in front of me. Liz's got an incredibly sexy mouth – a great Gob for Cock as we used to say at University – so I had her kneel in front of me and suck me.

I was soon very hard, whilst all the while her hands were massaging my nut-sack ... I was happy to see she was getting into the swing of things.

"That's it. That's good," I said, taking her hair with one hand and bobbing her head of my cock. I looked down at her. "Look up at me," I ordered. Those blue eyes, rimmed with black mascara, that cock gobbling mouth... I nearly lost it there and then. It was time to fuck her pussy and to make her cum...

"Ok. Onto the bed, Liz..."

I started her off in the missionary position like Bob had done her. She was already extremely wet. I thrust into her at a steady rhythm, her legs pinning me like they'd pinned Bob. I paused for a moment, lifting her legs up over my shoulders. She gasped as I got going again.

"Tell me when you're about to cum," I said. "I want it all over me like you showered Bob."

I thrust in, pulled out, thrust in, pulled out...

"Oooh, yes... yes... Now, Oh, now..." she panted.

I quickly pulled out like I'd seen Bob do, Liz, her legs now wide as she bucked and began to squirt... The stream of warm female cum shot out, splashed across my abdomen, Liz gasping for air with another jet... I plunged back in, even as she came again, her juices squitting out of her cunt as I piled back into her, thrusting in and out, in and out, her juices now soaking the once fresh bedclothes...

I took hold of her ankles, kept fucking her as she exploded again... I pulled back, a deluge across the bed and Liz screaming now as she shuddered and spasmed beneath me. Again, I plunged back in, balls deep... 

Just as the bedroom telephone rang. 





VI: Vibrator

Still deep in Liz's pussy, I lent over and picked up the phone and, slowly fucking her, I answered. It was Frank.

"Hi, Frank," I watched the fear in Liz's beautiful blue eyes. I kept slowly fucking her and smiled as Frank continued;

"Is Liz asleep? I think the volume on her mobile's off. I need to talk to her for a moment." I pushed my cock in to his wife, deep to the hilt so that my balls were pressed against her wet ass, then pulled slowly out.

"I'm not sure..." I said, pushing in, pulling out, the difficulty Liz was having in keeping quiet amused me. "Let me have a look." I placed the phone back down on the bed, close to Liz's head and began to build up a punishing rhythm.

Liz took the pillow in an attempt to muffle any moans, but I snatched it away and she started spasming on my cock and so I pulled out again as she went off in yet another gush of female cum-juice.

I took up the phone as she shuddered some more, her hand now clamped firmly across her mouth.

"Sorry about that, Frank," I said, looking down at his soaking, naked wife, her breasts jiggling with each thrust of my cock, the drenched bedclothes twisted beneath us. "I think she must be in bed." I almost giggled at the irony. "But try her mobile again, just in case."

"Will do," he answered. "You working hard?" he laughed.

"You wouldn't believe," I answered, pulling out and thrusting into his unbelievably juiced up wife once more before hanging up.

The volume on Liz's phone clearly was off, but I saw it on the dressing table. I pulled out and climbed off the soaking bed and picked the phone up.

"Ok, I want you to switch on the vibration," I told her.

She did as she was told.

I took the phone, pushed her legs back so that her knees were up by her ears, spread the lips of her pussy apart and inserted the slim phone into her cunt.

Just as Frank began calling her number again.

She yelled as she came and moaned again as Frank kept ringing, the sound of the phone's vibration humming from her cunt.

As she exploded, the phone plopping onto the drenched sheets, still buzzing with each ring, I wanked my cock towards her mouth, Liz only just able to clamp that delectable cock-sucking mouth around my meat before I came, nearly choking her, pulling out and coating her face and her tits with my cum...

As I headed for the bathroom, leaving Liz shattered on the soaking bed, feeling a little cruel, I told her;

"Well, that was for starters. We'll see if we can't go for a repeat performance tomorrow, ok? And then, just maybe, I'll refrain from telling Frank..."





VII: Drugged Husband

The next morning I had an excellent idea. 

Knowing Frank often had problems sleeping, I slipped a couple of his sleeping-pills into his late-afternoon tea and watched him head off for what was an early and – I knew! - rather prolonged siesta!

Bob and I were now free to do with his wife what we wished... 

I'd told Bob about what I'd seen the day before and what I'd done with Liz later that evening. He was, as I knew he would be, totally open about it.

"Isn't she unbelievable?" he asked, shaking his head. "I knew about female ejaculation, but I never knew a woman could come so hard and so much!"

A good half an hour after Frank had gone to sleep – his snores rocking the house – Bob told Liz what we had done and what we were planning now to do. 

She was of course reluctant – She'd clearly come round to the facts of the situation, but fucking the two of us with her husband still in the house... Bob simply took her face in his hands and kissed her. Needless to say, I didn't have to repeat my blackmailing techniques.

Taking one of the furthest guest rooms – part of an annex Bob had recently built for his children – we laid towels on the bed and stripped Liz. As she and Bob kissed beside the bed, I dropped to my knees and parted her legs, running my fingers up the inside of her thighs, to her cunt and then along the lips of her pussy, parting them with the tip of my index finger.

She was already getting wet, and I'm sure the knowledge that her husband was only a couple of rooms distant actually added to her excitement. Bob's hands were now on her arse, parting her cheeks and then her legs further. I bent her forward slightly and pushed my index finger into her wet hole. I could hear her murmurs of pleasure beneath Bob's kisses and I started slowly fingering her.

Her first orgasm of the evening sent only a spurt of juice into my hand, but her legs were shaking and Bob had to lay her down onto the towel covered bed. By then, I was completely naked, my cock hard and erect and I fed it into her mouth as Bob began taking his clothes off.

As she sucked on me, all the while her hand wanking me, Bob climbed between her legs and inched his sizeable cock into her wet pussy. As he began to fuck her, Liz began sucking harder on my prick, keeping in rhythm to Bob's shunts. A minute or so later, she took my cock from her mouth.

"I'm close, I'm close...."

"Fuck her, Bob," I said.

My friend built up to a thundering pace, Liz shaking beneath him. 

"Oh, oh... I'm cumming, I'm cumming...!"

"Swap ends!" I yelled, Bob pulling out, almost falling off the bed, as Liz started spraying. I dived into her squirting cunt, taking up where Bob had left off.

After another minute of rapid fucking, Liz came again, yanking Bob's cock from her mouth and gasping. I took the moment to flip her over and commenced fucking her doggy-style, even as she continued cumming. I was kneeling in a pool of her juices, gripping her hips, ramming her squelching pussy with all my might. 

Bob, wanking his cock towards Liz, exploded with a yell, a jet of spunk spattering her face and mouth, I not far behind, the exquisite build-up and then release, the hot, hot gush as I came deep inside her pussy, fucking her mercilessly until the last twitch of my cock... 

Needless to say, both me and Bob tidied up the room, Liz far too gone to help and luckily, Frank never mentioned why there were so many towels and bed sheets drying on the line the next day!