 At that moment as I lay there, I knew I would never make love again. My private parts were no longer a friendly fanny to embrace a lover, no longer a dirty cunt, not even a pussy to be stroked but just a functional front bottom. That hideous functional terminology used by my gran now applied to me. I was 43 and had a relationship that would be for life. No-one told me that like a life sentence, life might be something shorter. After 15years Gary had gone I was no longer his love, no longer his princess, but a succubus draining the joy from his life. I have Parkinson's and that's what he has seen, a glimpse of the future, a joyless life of care. I have become an object. The flower of my womanhood withered and consigned to solitude. If he doesn't want my body who will. Bitter? Twisted? Angry? You bet. Scared?

When he first told me he no longer loved me I couldn't process it. I didn't know what to feel. I wanted to hold him tell him it would be alright. He knew better than me it was not alright. We spent three months in limbo a surreal world a grotesque parody of our previous married life. I didn't want him to go and he didn't know how. So we stayed together a while and I watched him put distance between us. He put up walls, I broke them down, but he wouldn't allow those feelings. He was a coward on the run. How could I cope without him? At night my head was full of black thoughts stopping me sleeping. What had he left me with, but a front bottom to piss on my life.

It was morning two nights after he left and another sunny day. I had taken the week off to lick my wounds. Two days and no sleep. I took my medication, but it was prescribed with expectations of sleep. It was for humans not the zombie I had become. This explained why it no longer worked properly. I didn't care but I was shaken. Which was ironic as I had a tremor. I got up to feed the cats wandering downstairs naked and unappealing. A body I couldn't always rely upon. A body that had let me down. Feeling sorry for myself? Hell yes.

Despite all this I still had needs, desires, feelings. I had no future to offer in return for a relationship. I took a pragmatic view. A friend had told me about a swinger's site. I poured myself a Brandy, knocked it back and joined. I took naked selfies in the mirror but omitted my face. I completed my post and went to bed. 

In the morning I got up to a smart phone full of notifications. The early bird indeed got the worm. By the dozen Pictures of cocks, accompanied by illiterate rude messages filled my inbox. My heart sank.

I spotted one different message from the artist. He admired the womanly contours of my body and asked permission to chat. After work I granted permission. I sat curled up on the sofa and his first message came through. "Hi I am Greg. I am an artist and I admire your beautiful form. I would love to do some naked erotic drawings of you. My picture is attached so you can see who you are talking to. If you would do me the honour of considering my proposal, I would be delighted. If not, I hope you find what you are looking for. Thank you for reading. Take care."

The picture showed a handsome black man. I am not a shallow woman, but I have shallow moments. I sipped my brandy contemplating the possibilities with a smile. I agreed to meet Greg for a coffee in a local café. 

The day of the meeting arrived. I went through my wardrobe and I had nothing to wear. None of my dresses seemed suitable. I eventually decided on my designer jeans and a baggy top. Combined with my sexy high heeled boots they would show my legs and bottom to their best effect whilst hiding my lumpy upper body. As I strutted down the stairs, I sighed. My arthritic knee hurt like hell. I changed the boots for my trainers.

Arriving red faced and limping I was mortified to see a younger fitter man sitting at the table. What would this man want with me? He stood as I approached. He pulled the chair out and said ,"Hi nice to meet you."

"Hi," I responded my voice a mumble as the stress undermined my medication, My right hand shook as I rested it on the table. Greg looked at me with concern and tears welled up in my eyes. 

!I am sorry ," I apologized.

"For what?" he asked.

"For being a disappointment," I mumbled.

"I am never disappointed by beauty," he answered with a soft smile. "Please no rush, just drink the coffee and talk when you are ready. Would you mind, if I show you something?"

I nodded my assent and he drew on a pad with a pencil. Ten minutes of silence and then he showed me. 

"This is what I see," he said showing me a picture of my face. "I would like to draw more."

The picture had a grace to it and if he asked, I would have stripped there and then for him. I agreed to meet the following week.

I seemed to time travel to the next week. It came before I knew it. I soaked in the bath my unworthy body in the bath. The bubbles covered its' multitude of sins. I answered the door in my robe and let Greg in. I made him a coffee and we went to the lounge. 

"The light is good in here," he said, "It is important before I start that you are comfortable."

I opened my robe and let it slide to the floor feeling a draught on my body despite the warmth of the room. The smell of coffee wafted to my nostrils as I reclined. When he finished, he showed me the picture. It was more beautiful than any selfie I had taken. I reclined on my side so he can draw my flanks. I was more relaxed in my naked body than I had ever been. This man made me feel like a goddess. With just a pencil his hand crafted my natural beauty for a second picture. For the third he asked me to display myself I sat on the sofa my legs apart reclaiming the glory of my intimate parts. My feet so far apart as though separated to avoid an argument. My mind wandered and then wondered. Did he have a HB pencil? Was it hard black?

After he had finished, I asked him, "would you strip for me? Can I see you naked?"

He nodded and slowly removed his shirt revealing a well-toned torso. Bending down he removed his cocks and shoes. He dropped his trousers and my mouth watered. It was not alone. He dropped his boxers and I could see this artist had lead in his pencil. 

I took his hand and lead him to the bedroom. I closed the curtains. I turned back to face him, and he knelt before me tenderly kissing me. I felt weak at the knees. He stood up and put his arms around me. He lifted me gently on the bed. I watch as he rolls a condom onto his sizeable erection. He leaned over the bed. I felt his tongue and lips on my foot. His hot breath slowly progressed up my leg, while his strong fingers gripped my ankle. My inner thigh muscles twitched as his tongue stroked my skin. My intimacy itched with anticipation as he touched me. I moaned as he explored me with a finger. He continued up my body and kissed and stroked my breast, teasing my nipples until they stiffened.

Hi body heavy on top of me, I could feel his rock-hard erection pressing against my thigh. 

"Please." I said to him, needing him in me.

He lifted his hips and lowered them placing the tip of his cock between my lips. I opened my legs as wide as I could. He entered me and I moaned. He eased in deeper and deeper and oh god it felt good. He moved in and out of me getting faster and faster. His balls slapping against me and as he thrusts into me my clit feels the pressure from above. My breathing ragged as my clit itches. 

"Yes, yes!" I exclaim urging him on as I get closer to release.

"Oh god!" I yell as my body seems to explode with pleasure. My whole body trembles and my toes curl. I feel him spasm inside me and he rests on top of me. 

We go down stairs so Greg can dress. He gives me the third picture a reminder of my beauty. He gave me much more than that. He gave my womanhood back.