 Missy was a gorgeous redhead woman, whom was beautiful both inside and out. She and I had grown up across the street from one another, and knew each other from grade school. Missy was very tall, almost 6 foot tall, and growing up she was rather awkward physically, however she blossomed into a stunning woman by the time we graduated high school. I had always found Missy attractive but we were always just friends, and she never gave me any indication that she saw me as anything more. I was only 5'10, shorter than Missy, and she always dated taller guys.

Missy got married at a young age, to a handsome military man named John, and they moved far away. John was very tall, about 6'3, and was very muscular. From time to time Missy would come visit our old neighborhood. It was always fun to see Missy, and we always enjoyed being in the company of one another. During one of Missy's visits home, I was somewhat sad, since I had just broken up with my long time girlfriend. I had recently graduated college, and was starting on my career. I was excited about Missy's visit, since there was a lot of catching up that we had to do. My parent's were away on vacation, and Missy came over to hang out. Her husband John had been stationed overseas, for several months. Missy was living down South, sort of alone in a big City. Missy and I began drinking, and we both started telling one another how alone we each felt at the time. Missy also revealed to me that she was not happy in her marriage to John, and that she was pretty certain he had been cheating on her. I was surprised and saddened to hear this news from Missy, since she was about the most beautiful person I'd ever seen, and I could not imagine someone cheating on her.

Feeling sad for Missy, I gave her a hug and told her that everything would be ok. The next thing I knew, Missy was passionately kissing me. I had often fantasized about this moment when I was younger, but I was in shock and could not believe that we were actually kissing. I pulled away suddenly, and shot a puzzled look at this gorgeous lady. Her green eyes stared back at me, as tears slowly rolled down her cheeks. 

"Missy, I love you," I muttered to my own amazement. With this, she grabbed the back of my head and pulled me closer for another kiss.

"I love you too. So much. I should have told you this, but I have always been in love with you," said Missy. 

"I didn't want to mess up our friendship," Missy quietly mumbled, as she continued to kiss me. 

Before I knew it, Missy was pulling off my shirt, her tears had stopped flowing, and I could see that she was looking at me in a way that I had never seen her look before. I wanted to stop her...I was concerned about her, and didn't want her to do anything she might regret. However, the look in Missy's amazing green eyes just melted me, and I was unable to resist her.

I slid my hands up her shirt and quickly unclasped her bra. I then yanked off her t-shirt, revealing her terrific 36-C breasts. Missy had amazing nipples, that were a great shade of pink and erect as is they wanted me to kiss them. I proceeded to lick Missy's breasts, as she moaned and kissed the top of my head.

"I am so wet. Please keep touching me," she begged. With this, I unbuttoned Missy's Jeans, and she helped pull down her pants, revealing cute pink panties. She quickly slid off her panties, and was naked in front of me for the first time. What a lovely body she had, it was more perfect that I could even imagine, with her fire engine red pubes exposed. I stood up and pulled off my own clothes, happy to reveal my naked body to her.

Missy made a groaning noise, and muttered, "I always wanted to see your big cock. Your girlfriends always told me you were a stud."

I smiled and told her, "It is about time we got to see each other's hot bods." Missy leaned forward and put her wonderful lips around my 9 inch cock. "You are even bigger than I imagined," Missy said with pleasure, as she sucked my now throbbing dick. I had never been so turned on in my life, I was full of goose bumps and was trying not to start shaking as she sucked me. 

I pushed Missy backward onto the couch, and jammed my face in between her legs and began licking her dripping wet snatch. Missy squirmed, and moaned loudly, "Eat my pussy and make me cum, please!" 

It didn't take long and Missy was thrusting her hips up and down violently screaming, "I'm going to cum!"

I slid two fingers inside her tight pussy, and she shook all over calling out, "I'm cumming so hard!!!" Missy then slid backwards a few inches and pulled her muff away from my face, my chin had her pussy juices dripping off it. Missy pleaded, "Put your fat cock in me!"

I climbed on top of her and slid the head of my big cock insider her, at which point she came again, with a shuddering orgasm. I then slid it deeper inside her, as she continued to moan and mutter how good I was making her feel.

After thrusting on top of her for a few more minutes, and seeing her beautifully cum another two times, she told me she wanted to get on top. Missy then proceeded to ride me hard, bouncing on me and asking me to slap her ass as she rode me. Missy was by far the best fuck of my life, and this didn't surprise me, as I always imagined she would be an amazing screw. 

Missy then climbed off me, and asked me to do her doggy style, as she bent over the couch. I entered her from behind, and after a few thrusts, she began cumming again. Missy was rubbing her clit wildly, as I banged her from behind, and this turned me on so much that I could not hold out any longer. I pulled out and shot my hot load all over Missy's back, as she groaned. 

When we finished, Missy collapsed into my arms, naked and shaking slightly. We fell asleep, feeling safe and secure next to one another. I didn't worry about what would happen next in our lives, whatever was going to happen next, making love to Missy was worth it. If her husband John wanted to beat the crap out of me when he came back to the States, I really didn't care.

Missy was so beautiful. I knew that she needed me that night, and there was nothing more important than for me to know that I made her happy at that moment in time.