 I awoke in my bed with my fingers inside my panties. I felt so horny. The luxurious satin material already damp clung to me. I opened my self with my fingers. My body smiled, as I remembered my dream. Since I had met Greg, I had become a lady of epic desire. I had everything a girl needs. My fingers and my imagination. 

I met Greg an artist, through a swinger's site. He had a policy of only meeting once and although slightly disappointed by that, I have since used him shamelessly in my fantasies. I used and abused his magnificent body in so many ways. He has been my master or my slave. In the dark, I spread my legs and rubbed my clit slowly and gently. Then a little harder letting out an involuntary moan. The more I touched myself the more my clit demanded. It controlled me, as I lay with eyes closed and one hand squeezed each of my nipples in turn. My other hand, the fingers inside me and my thumb rubbed my impatient clit. Pleasure began to fill me traveling down my long legs making my toes curl. I gasped as I thrust my hips upwards trying to swallow my hand. My fingers rampant as they sought to satisfy my overwhelming arousal. I breathed and gasped as my whole body started to tremble. Orgasm erupted through me as I squeezed my clit between finger and thumb of my other hand. Leaving my body limp and enthralled. 

Sleep returned until the unholy hour of my alarm. I stopped its shrill intrusion and fell back to sleep. I awakened this time with a jolt realising it had been a mistake allowing Aslan my cat into the room. He was standing on my bladder. Parkinson's has left me with the irony of an over active bladder. This includes bladder urgency which means when you have to go, you really have to go. Thankfully Aslan moved off my bladder, but I was not so thankful that he moved on to my chest. 

My dose of medication is lower over-night, so my muscles stiffen up. I started to roll over to the edge of the bed, but my legs tangled in the duvet. Aslan instead of getting off stayed on as though he was riding a rolling log. He stood on my side as I slid to the edge of the bed. He finally jumped off. I walked as a human robot to the bathroom. 

Hearing the heavy rain outside was no help. Someone once said nothing in life is certain but death and taxes. He never suffered from bladder urgency. Peeing can also be bloody insistent. Until I reached the toilet my concentration needed to have complete focus to retain control. I lowered myself on to the seat and flooded the porcelain bowl with a relief a little short of pleasure. I took my tablets before heading to the kitchen and breakfasted on the previous day's leftovers. 

As I drank my coffee before heading to work, I pondered. Thinking about the effect Greg has had on my life. Like Frankenstein's monster I have been reanimated, but like Frankenstein's monster I felt like an outsider. Meeting Greg again was not an option and therefore I felt no pressure to live up to someone else's expectation. I have a progressive condition and at my worst, I view it as a downhill ride to oblivion. Greg has reminded me that my life is a roller coaster with ups and down. I resolved to try and enjoy the ride. I decided I would seek more company from the swinger's site.

Evening arrived after a long day and I sat with Aslan on my lap, in front of a laptop on the table. I signed in not as Marie but as my alter ego Sadie. Messages started straight away as soon as Sadie logged in. Thankfully male literacy was improving, Most men could spell "hi." Some asked what I was wearing and I looked down at my fluffy minion pyjamas before typing that I was" completely naked." There was rudeness, obscenity, stupidity but I felt more alive than I had for days. Sadie could respond without any restrictions. Sadie could say anything she wanted and I couldn't remember the last time I had that freedom. 

"Hi I didn't expect to find you here, Marie." The words from Sub55 leapt at me from the screen.

"Who are you?" I typed

"I work at Telfords," he replied.

I too work at Telfords. I am a team leader in a call centre that employs about 400 staff. 

"Are you still there?" popped up in the message box.

"Yes" is all I could muster.

"I will leave you. Have a nice evening" then he paused, "Don't worry your secret is safe with me."

"Wait don't go, we can chat." I suggested

"You wouldn't be interested in me." he responded

"Maybe if I knew who I was talking to." I replied

"Nice try, lol. Can you guess what I have in my hand? Can you guess what I want?" he asked.

"Tell me" I instructed

"I have an erection I have been edging for hours but I am a sub and need permission. Will you give me permission?" He enquired.

"Yes you have my permission," I agreed.

"Lol not like that. Tell me what you would do with me. Tell me what you are wearing. Tell me what to do. I am a sub take charge." He explained.

"A miserable dirty sub. Mind your manners, my panties are none of your business. If I was there, I would make you watch me on your knees. You would smell my sweet cunt but not touch. I would wrap my panties tightly around your balls twisting them around themselves until they squash your testicles. Wank hard and cum now, take too long and I will withdraw my permission." 

"Thank you, mistress," he said after a moan before saying his goodbyes.

I needed a shower before bed and headed to the bathroom hoping to wash any thoughts of that grubby demanding sub out of my mind. 

I stepped under the warm water, let it run over me and closed my eyes. I felt Greg behind me rubbing soap on my back and buttocks before he wrapped his arms around me. He found and squeezed my stiff nipples exciting me with his touch. His strong arms turned me. His lips pressed against mine and my anticipation mounted as our mouths met for a lingering kiss. His hard throbbing erection pressed against me. His hands caressed my breasts and explored their curves. My athletic lover tweaked both my nipples simultaneously and I sighed with pleasure. His hands firmly pressed down on my shoulders and made me kneel before him. My mouth enveloped his eager erection. I felt him tremble as my tongue and teeth teased the head of his penis, as I tickled his sensitive perineum. My other hand located the itch between my legs and gently squeezed my clit before rubbing it. I felt the excitement as it spread through my body. 

He let me stand and I turned towards the wall. His hands reached around to my breasts and he rubbed shower gel on them. His cock rested between my buttocks and it pressed harder, reaching full size. I quietly moan and reached for the shower head as, he kissed and nibbled gently on my neck. Greg pinched and tweaked my nipples and electricity passed through me. Greg moved into position and I widened my stance. I leant resting one hand, on the wall in front as my pussy ached for him. He used soap to lubricate his cock and placed the tip against my pussy lips. He rubbed backwards and forwards against them and I released a moan. Meanwhile his hands caressed, and his hot breath lingered on my neck. He slowly entered and gently stretched me. I found the right spot with the shower head and turned up the pressure. His impatient cock filled me and it started to move slowly in and out. It accelerated as I moved the shower head closer to my clit. His hands remained, caressing and stroking. At first it just tickled but now my clit has become insistent craving attention. I moved my feet apart and pushed back. He fucked harder, The stream of water is now stoked my need battering my pussy. I resisted begging for release. I held the shower head still as we both moved towards orgasm. He throbbed inside me, my muscles spasmed around his engorged cock. We both let out sighs as we finished.

I opened my eyes and replaced the shower head. Greg had gone back to my subconscious, 

The following evening Sub55 resurfaced. He requested my assistance and I complied. My words made a puppet of his penis and led it to its inevitable encore. After he had gone, I cut and pasted the conversation into a file, then saved it. I had a plan. We met on line six times in the next fortnight. After each one I saved the conversation. 

Reflecting on the conversations I could see a pattern in his behaviour This sub enjoyed his control and although I had a starring role, it was under his direction.

The time had arrived to equalise our relationship.

"Hi. I have been looking forward to this all day," he began with no beating about the bush.

This bird's bush about to take control out of his two hands typed, "I know who you are!"

After a pause, "how?" and then, "who do you think I am?"

"The last time we spoke face to face you gave me £10 to donate to Parkinson's UK." I had decided not to lead with his name. If I made a mistake and he claimed to be the that person , it would badly complicate the situation. 

I was unprepared for his complete collapse and the fear he now felt. I wanted him to back off but instead he stalked me. He sought opportunities to ask if I was still being discrete and sooner or later someone would notice. I continued to talk on line and I decided what to do.

I told him to have some ice with him the next time we talked on-line. 

"Are you sitting comfortably?" I began

"Yes mistress," he responded

"Then I will begin. Can you picture me? Can you see me in front of you my legs open wide. Do you want to taste me? Can you smell my excitement?" I asked

"Oh yes," he moaned

"Silence you are only to speak if I tell you to. Take your hand off that miserable cock. Just listen and yearn. Strip I want you naked." And I paused to allow him to do so. I already knew he always did his own thing. He needed control and he was probably rubbing himself silly with the thought of my open legs throbbing in his head. I described myself, my hands caressing my naked body slowly deliberately with the heat slowly rising.

I was sure that despite my instructions he would be stroking himself and this was the problem. He didn't listen. This play was a non-event for me but if I just stopped I believed he might not back off seeking more attention in the office. 

At the height of his play I told him to take an ice-cube.

"Hold the ice-cube against your tight hole," I instructed. "Do not push it in just hold it there."

I knew the anus was more sensitive to the cold than pushing it in. If he held it there it would sting. The whole train of thought seemed to put him off. This did not appeal to him at all. He did not ask me to do it again. Our internet play ended, and he kept his distance. Relieved I decided to look for a new friend. Although I did not want a sub, it had opened my eyes. I needed to explore.