 I happened to live next door to a real redneck type. You know the kind, big pickup truck, and gun rack in the back window. The weird part was this guy had a beautiful wife. Amanda was her name and she could have been a model. I wondered what she saw in her husband. I was off one day from work and I saw Amanda walking towards my house. Sure enough, the doorbell rang.

"Can you give me a hand Alex, I have a water leak at the house."

I wondered why she didn't call Brian, her husband, but I told her I would come over and take a look. Sure enough there was water leaking from the one faucet. Amanda didn't know where any tools were so I went down and shut off the main water valve. She would have to wait until her hubby got home. Amanda did offer me a beer, so I figured I might as well drink it and find out more about Amanda.

I was able to get some information from her. It seems Brian and her were high school sweethearts. After that no one would ask her out knowing they would have to fight this big redneck. Brian and Amanda got married and it seemed like her life was one of misery. Rednecks like to think that their wives are their possessions. Amanda could hardly breathe these days.

I felt sorry for her, but I didn't want to get in the middle of anything. I drank my beer and Amanda walked me to the door. I was ready to leave when Amanda threw her arms around me and kissed my lips. That had come from nowhere. It was like she was greedy for a man's attention. I tried to back away, but Amanda held me tight to her body.

"Make love to me Alex," she said.

I didn't think I heard her correctly. That was not a really good idea I told her. Amanda made the decision for me. She pulled away and pulled her shirt up over her head. She unsnapped her bra and I was staring at two beautiful breasts. I guess I was always stupid when it came to women. I took each of those nipples into my mouth. You would have thought it was the first time Amanda had a man touch her.

She was moaning and telling me she needed me so badly. My cock started to grow as Amanda made her pitch. The next thing I know we are both shedding the rest of our clothes and I am moving Amanda over towards the couch. I had her lie back and I slipped between her white thighs. There wasn't going to be any foreplay this time around. I took hold of my dick and I rubbed the head up and down her slit. 

Amanda reached out and took hold of my erection. She moved my cock to her opening and I slid inside her. Amanda was tight like some high school girl might be. I wondered if good old Brian ever fucked his wife these days. I was able to push in the whole way and my cock head hit bottom. I just held my dick in place and let Amanda work her pussy muscles all around me.

Oh yes, Amanda needed cock in the worst way. Her muscles had me in a tight grip. I took hold of her legs and brought them up over my shoulders. I folded Amanda back and I started to pump deeply into her pussy. I briefly thought how stupid I was. If her husband ever found out he would pound me into putty. The problem was, Amanda needed cock, my cock in particular. I went as fast as I could. I pushed right to the hilt and then pulled out. I left the tip of my cock at her pussy lips and then slid inside the whole way.

Obviously, Amanda hadn't been fucked like this in a long time, or maybe forever. I lowered my face and found those large nipples once more. I used my teeth and I nibbled all over her buds. I hope no one heard us. Amanda was practically screaming for me to use her pussy. I began to wonder if I would ever have Amanda in bed again. It was mighty dangerous to want that, but I was going to try if possible. 

Amanda did explode all over my dick. I felt her juices pouring out as I fed her my fat rod. Amanda was shaking, as she pulled me tight to her body. I didn't know if I should pull out or give Amanda my love offering. I did the dumb thing, I squirted my seed into Amanda's craving pussy. She let out this scream as my cream went pouring into her body. I took it she hadn't been fucked like this in quite some time.

I managed to stay hard longer than normal and I filled her belly with my sticky cum. When I did get soft I pulled out and watched as my load came oozing out of her opening. Amanda didn't move for some time. She had her eyes closed and she was shaking. She finally came around after some minutes. Amanda said she needed to go to the bathroom. I heard the toilet flush and she walked back into the living room.

"You probably better go, Brian will be home in an hour of so. I need to clean our mess up."

I quickly got dressed and so did Amanda. She walked me to the door and then kissed me once more. 

"Thank you Alex, I really needed that," she said to me.

I wanted to get some sort of commitment from her, but that was not to be that day. I walked back to my house and sat down. Did Amanda just need me that one time or did was she going to need fucked on a regular basis. I had no way of knowing right then. I guess I am going to have to wait and see if Amanda contacts me again. It is too dangerous for me to contact her. If the redneck husband ever found out, well I don't wish for that to occur.

Right now I will have to be content with fantasizing with what happened and hoping I will hook up with Amanda once more.