 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, The Murdered Football Player Series, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story, The Case of the Black Badge series, A Case of Revenge series, Teresa's Summer Race, The Trilogy series, Dark Side Of The Force series, Caught In The Act series, The Phyllis Files 1-2, Case of the Murdered Bride series, The Credit Card Caper series, The Phyllis Files 3, The Hot Wives Investment Club series, Seriously Inconvenienced series, Case of the Paper Trail series, Christmas Mystery Theater, The Porno Set Mystery series, The Medical Murder Mystery series, The Eightfold Fence series, The Phyllis Files 4, Pale Morning Light series, Silverfish series, Cold As Ice series, Secrets of Apple Grove series, Sting of the Scorpion series.

Reichenbach, Ch. 01-02.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

*****

Part 6 - Burke Family Values, Or Not 

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" shouted the lovely redheaded reporterette into that microphone of hers right at 7:00am on Monday, June 15th. "Channel Two News has learned that billionaire and University Trustee Henry R. Wargrave and his lawyers have declined to meet with the FBI to discuss the potential charges against Mr. Wargrave for arms trafficking in both the United States and in the Middle East. Channel Two News has also learned that a formal Federal Grand Jury indictment against Mr. Wargrave is imminent."

As Bettina went to Chuck Pringle for the Sports report, Joanne Cummings said "Commander, I know this above my pay grade, but why would the FBI want Mr. Wargrave to come talk with them if they're going to charge him?" There was a murmur of similar wonderment in all of the MCD Detectives.

"Well," I said, "speaking generally and not specifically about this, one way the Feds work is to get something on little guys, give them a deal or even immunity if they turn on their higher ups, then go to the higher up and get them to turn on the really Big Fish at the top of the food chain. I really don't know the details about the Wargrave case, but I would guess that is what's going on right now. They want to cut a deal with Wargrave to get at someone even bigger."

"I like your guesses more than most people's facts." said Cindy Ross.

"Who in the world is bigger than Mr. Wargrave?" asked Joanne.

"With that question, Detective Cummings," I said, standing up, "you are getting out of the realm of my pay grade... which isn't that much higher than yours."

Cindy asked: "My question is, 'Why are they so public about all of this?'. Won't Wargrave just run?"

"His passport has been flagged." I said. "He really has no place to run to. And they're watching him, so if he tries--"

"What the fuck?" Teresa had exclaimed. She had just heard something shocking on the TV.

Bettina had said "In social news, columnist Elsie Gringer has reported that BOW Enterprises and the Women's Law Firm of Dewey, Cheatham, and Howe have jointly announced the separation and divorce filing of BOW Enterprises CEO Todd Burke and law firm partner Jeanine Olivet Burke! Furthermore, the Women's Law Firm has announced that Jeanine Burke is leaving the firm, which will be reorganized as the Women's Law Firm of Dewey, Burnham & Winn, P.C..."

"Now why are they announcing that so publicly?" I wondered out loud.

"Don," Cindy said, forgetting decorum, "did you know about this?"

"Yes." I said. "And it's a family matter, so I'll have no comment on it. Excuse me, everyone." I got up and left the MCD room, going to my office. Blue Crowbar followed Red Crowbar right on in.

"Don," Cindy said, "at least tell me what just happened here. Your mother didn't say anything about it, either."

"Have a seat." I said. I then told Cindy most of what I knew...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

It was an incredibly hot scene that my eyes were witnessing. My wife Laura was on her back on the floor, naked but for her Pour La Victoire Kerr pumps, her long, shapely legs high in the air. On top of her, shoving his incredibly huge cock in and out of her well-stuffed pussy, was my nephew Todd. I just watched as Laura wrapped those incredible legs around Todd's muscular back, the high heels pressing into his hard ass. Todd slid a hand under Laura's head and slammed his mouth to hers, his tongue striving to get to her throat as they kissed as hard as they were fucking.

We were at the Cabin, and it was Tuesday, June 9th, and it was a Swinger's foursome. Todd's wife Jeanine was deeply sucking my cock as we lay on the floor. She was on my left side, facing my legs so that she could also see the rutting couple furiously mating.

"Uhhhh, my balls are like rocks!" I heard Todd gasp as he broke his deep kiss with my wife. "Do you want me to come in your mouth or your cunt?"

"My mouth." Laura gasped. "I want to swallow your cum!" My wife's filthy words only added to my pleasure. I'd fucked Jeanine, lying like spoons on our side, then her sitting on top of me, but she seemed to prefer sucking my iron-hard prick while Todd and Laura pleasured each other with raw abandon.

After a long moment of furious fucking, Todd pulled his huge, long shaft out of Laura's cunt and pulled up and straddled her face. Shoving his cockhead into my wife's mouth, he groaned and let go. I could see my wife's full lips clinging tightly to his huge shaft, then the base of his cock pulsing between his tight, drawn nuts as he began ejaculating his large load into Laura's throat.

After being drained by my wife's hot mouth, Todd collapsed next to Laura, spent. He took her in his arms, kissing her neck and shoulder as they lay like spoons. They looked over as they heard me groan, and I let my load go in Jeanine's hungry mouth. Todd's wife swallowed every drop of my essence, just as my wife had swallowed all of Todd's copious offering.

This was Laura's first visit to the cabin since the housewarming party back in May. She had liked the place, at least she said she did. She certainly complimented the places where it was vastly superior to the old Cabin. Carole and Bowser had liked it a lot, while little Jim thoroughly tested it as a good place to sleep. The Cabin also met with the approval of the guests at the party.

I was glad when Laura said the Cabin would be a good place to swing with other couples, and that we could now host Libertine gatherings. Todd and Jeanine were our first couple-swap evening at the place, and I hoped to have many, many more such evenings with other couples here.

"Damn, Aunt Laura," Todd said as they lay together, "those gray viagras are awesome! I'm going to be ready to go again in a minute."

"That's because my wife is so fucking good and hot, Todd." I said.

"Yeah, Uncle Don, you're right." said Todd, grinning. "Aunt Laura's legs could arouse a dead man's cock." Laura giggled, then caressed Todd. "Let me get you warmed up again." she said.

I got up and poured some wine for everyone. When I came back into the main room, I saw my wife on top of Todd in a soixante-neuf, one of Laura's favorite things to do. She was voraciously sucking Todd's huge meat, her full, lipsticked lips sliding up and down his huge young weapon of lust. I watched intently, enjoying the sight of Laura fellating a huge cock and her moans as her engorged slit was being tongued by the young stud.

But I could tell that Jeanine was not intensely into it. She was a hot woman, as I knew from having fucked her in the past. Maybe her pregnancy was taking a toll, I thought.

Then I thought about it some more...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The women were sound asleep in the early morning hours as I sat in my office working on my computer. The desk was against the wall that connected to the front room of the Cabin. To my back left, opposite the door to the front room, was the door to the second garage. From there, lining the wall that faced the garage, was a floor-to-ceiling bookcase. It did not block the hidden trap door to the wine cellar and my secret 'electronics' shop.

There was a knock on the door and Todd came in without bothering to wait to be admitted. He at least had the courtesy to be wearing boxer shorts.

"Hi Uncle Don, working late?" he asked. I saw his eyes looking around the room "Hey, nice office you've got here." He was looking hard for any possible secret safes or bolt holes. I wasn't worried, as it was take a close look and nearly a microscope to find the trap door. After a moment, Todd gave up his surreptitious attempt.

"Thanks." I said. "Have a seat."

"Whatcha workin' on?" Todd asked carelessly.

"The murders of Nicole Stanton and Cherie Ward." I said, wanting to shock Todd just a bit.

"Oh... yeah, that." Todd said. "Damn, I feel real bad for both of them. If I hadn't sent Nicole home, maybe she'd be alive. And I should've known Cherie would be in danger after Nicole's murder. Cherie was... well, it's sad, I guess."

"Yeah, I know what you mean." I said. "But don't blame yourself. If Nicole had not died when and where she did, they would've gotten her some other place, and some other time. At least by her being killed on Federal lands, I got the chance to work on it and can bring them some Justice if nothing else."

"You said 'they'." Todd observed. "More than one killer?"

"One killer, but more than one involved overall." I said. "So tell me this: do you remember if Cherie had any credit cards, and what they looked like?"

"I do remember one, because it was brightly colored." Todd said. "Red for two-thirds of it, a diagonal white line, then blue for the right-side third."

"City and Counties Bank?" I asked, remembering that design as being one of theirs, and also having some other data from my computer researches.

"Yeah, I think that's right." said Todd. "Why?"

"An interesting thing about these cases." I said. "Nicole's purse was left in her car. Drivers license found, credit cards found. Killer didn't care a whit if that was found. But Cherie's purse was taken. It was easy enough to identify her, so the purse was taken to prevent any clues from being found inside it... like credit cards."

"I'm not seeing where this helps you." Todd said.

"Well, it may not." I said, deciding to say no more as I locked my computer down, and not telling my nephew that Nicole and Cherie had cards of identical design, issued by the same bank. "Why don't you stop playing Iron Crowbar Junior, I'll stop playing Iron Crowbar Senior, and let's go wake up these women and fuck them again..."

"Now that," Todd said, grinning, "is something worth a 'hard' investigation..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

On Wednesday, June 10th, Jeanine Olivet Burke received a surprise invitation to lunch... from Phyllis Troy. They met at the Soup & Sandwich Shop that Laura liked so much. As usual, Phyllis expertly and subtly steered the conversation into the channels she wished to discuss.

"So how is my great-grandbaby coming along?" Phyllis asked.

Jeanine laughed. "Just great... you know, Phyllis, I can hardly believe you're a great-grandmother. You just look too young!"

"Why, thank you, dear." said Phyllis. "Yes, I feel very young, too, but when one's daughter has a baby at eighteen, and that baby sires children before he's age 22... that leaves a young woman like myself as a great-grandmother. Not that I'm complaining, of course. Todd has become a wonderful young man."

"Yes." said Jeanine, and Phyllis caught the ever-so-slight inflection. It was time to begin.

"Jeanine," Phyllis said, "I must be very direct here. The reason I asked you to this lunch is because of your situation with Todd, and the effect on my family. It is obvious to me that you have fallen in love with another man, who I would guess is Michael Burke. You don't wish to hurt Todd, nor he you, but neither of you truly loves the other enough to sustain a difficult marriage."

Jeanine was gaping at Phyllis. Not so much for the older woman's effrontery, but that Phyllis had so accurately read Jeanine's innermost thoughts.

Phyllis continued. "I understand how things can happen. Todd was on a very, very hard rebound from having his heart utterly broken. You look a good bit like Melina, you're a wonderful woman in your own right, but things happened very quickly between the two of you."

Phyllis went on: "As to you, Jeanine, you've had tragedy in your life and had to bury your husband; that is something to which I can very much relate from experience, and no matter what difference there is in our ages, we both know how hard that is. You also had a relationship with Jack Burke on two separate occasions in your life. Perhaps you thought Todd would be a substitute for Jack, but you've found that such is not the case."

Jeanine nodded. "So are you saying I should leave Todd? For Michael?"

Phyllis said "I am only suggesting that you sit down with Todd and have a very open and honest discussion about your marriage, your lives, and your futures. That is the only fair and right thing for either of you to do."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Thursday, June 11th. That evening Laura and I had a surprise guest at the Mountain Nest: my nephew Todd.

As with all ladies, Carole was smitten with her cousin. He played with her for a good bit of time, making sure to pet Bowser to reassure Carole's guardian that his intentions were honorable. Finally, Laura took Carole and Todd and I took Bowser outside. As the dog did his business, Todd told me the news:

"Uncle Don," Todd said, "Jeanine and I had a really long, hard talk last night. She's been seeing my father behind my back for several months now, since that time up at his place where that woman was found dead. She said she's in love with him. So we're getting a divorce."

"I see." I said. "How do you feel about it?"

"That's the hard part." said Todd. "I have to admit that I felt relief when she told me. I mean, she's a good person, a good wife, and I tried to be a good husband to her, but I had to admit that the marriage wasn't working out for me, either. Does that make me a bad person? A bad father?"

"Not at all." I said. "Sometimes things happen. Sometimes bad things happen to good people. You're pretty young, still, even though you try to pretend you're all grown up." Todd grinned, realizing I was messing with him as I continued: "I think you're being the best father you know how to be, as well. I can tell you from my own experience that babies don't come with parenting instruction manuals. We just have to do what we think is best for them."

"Yeah." Todd said. "That's another issue: Jeanine will have custody of little Jack and the new baby when it comes, and I'll have some joint custody arrangement. But the problem is Doug. He's not Jeanine's baby, and while she loves him and cares for him, I've inherited enough from you and Grandma that I can see she doesn't look at him the same way I do. And I don't know if Melina wants him back. That's kind of a touchy situation, anyway." I did not have to be told of the strained situation between Daniel and Todd.

"Well, Todd" I said, "First, you take custody of Doug, and get as much custody of the new baby as you can. Laura and I can help with him, and you've seen the incredible support system we have with our kids. If not your grandmother, I've got half my Police Force just loving taking care of the kids... as long as they can give them back before too long." Todd laughed out loud at that one.

"Todd, I'll be brutally honest here." I said. "Jeanine got you on the rebound, and she thought, or hoped, she was getting another Jack Burke. But you're not your brother, you are your own man, and a damn sight better man that him for damn sure. So it didn't work, and if going your separate ways and still being friends is amenable, then that's what you should do."

"I guess so." said Todd. "I've really fucked things up when it comes to women, haven't I? How do I be like you, and get it right?"

"Uhhh, that's more good fortune than anything else." I said. "And it'll be all good for you, too. Meanwhile, you're getting plenty of pussy, so you ain't got no right to complain about a damn thing." Todd laughed again as Bowser bounded up, ready to go back inside for Carole-watching duties...

Part 6 - Fourth Rune 

I did not tell Cindy everything, though. I reminisced about what had happened the Friday before:

"This is Priya Ajmani, KSTD Five-Alive News!" said the lovely Indian reporterette at 8:00am, Friday June 12th. I was watching the feed to my computer screen in my office as Priya said "Five-Alive News is continuing the fight to bring the information from the Jack Burke sex tapes to you despite the most recent setback in the Appellate Courts. KSTD has appealed the case to the State Supreme Court and hopes to have a favorable ruling soon."

Priya continued: "We continue to wonder why Sheriff Daniel Allgood so adamantly refuses to obey the law and honor KSTD's Open Records Act request for the information in those tapes. What is the Sheriff trying to hide?"

Hoo boy, I thought. Now Daniel is going to be all agitated again. I have got to get this situation fixed, I realized... and then sat bolt upright as Priya used the nuke:

"Tonight KSTD is broadcasting a special hour of our hard-hitting investigational reporting." said Priya. "First we'll investigate the FBI's true motives in the vicious attacks upon billionaire Henry R. Wargrave. And then we'll follow up with another look at the assassination of the Reverend Jonas Oldeeds over two years ago. Many in this County call that case Commander Donald Troy's only true failure, as neither he nor anyone else has solved the crime. We'll take a look at it, and come up with some new ideas on just what happened there. That's tonight at..."

I had to stop listening, but the assaults upon my harmony continued as fifteen minutes later, my lovely assistant Helena French knocked on the door and then came in.

"Don," she said, "I just got a call from Priya Ajmani of KSTD. She's bypassing Lt. Peterson, and said she wants to talk to you personally about the murder of Jonas Oldeeds. She asked you to call her back."

"Yeah, right." I said. "With Priya, you are earning your pay as my gatekeeper, Helena. And the next time Priya Ajmani or anyone else at KSTD calls, don't even listen. Ask them to hold, put them on hold no matter what they say, then forward the call to Lt. Peterson. After you do that about five times, they'll get the message."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Sure enough, a 10:00am meeting with the Sheriff found him to be one very agitated man. After the meeting, I asked Daniel to come to my office for an 'informal' one-on-one chat. I don't think Chief Bennett liked that, but I told him that it was a brothers-in-law conversation, and that I wasn't going over his, the Chief's, head.

"I guess that Priya Ajmani report this morning has you pissed off?" I said to Daniel after we'd sat down in my office.

"Good God." Daniel said. "Don, between us, do you think she knows about Melina being on one of those tapes?"

"Yes." I said. "I think she knows way, way too much. Did you see that about tonight's exposé on the Jonas Oldeeds case?"
