 Note: This is a true story that happened several years ago.

*****

Last Friday I decided to treat myself to a massage. It has been a very long time since I have had a regular, therapeutic massage and my neck was really tight. I found an ad for a gal on the local board that looked good and lucky for me she was located less than 5 minutes from my office. She was able to get me in that afternoon so I took a chance and made an appointment. (I have seen some less than good massage providers over the years) I could not help but notice over the phone that she had what I would later find out was a Russian accent. I arrived at her house, knocked on the door and was greeted by a very tall and voluptuous blond wearing a one piece sweater dress. To say she had a lot of cleavage would be an understatement.

It was obvious that she lived there and that children did too. She led me upstairs to her massage room and told me to get undressed and she would be right in. I looked around and there were anatomy charts and all the usual stuff you would expect to see at any massage studio. Nice mellow music was playing and the table had a small towel for me to use. When I laid down I was very pleased to note that the table was heated . . . I Love that.

I covered my ass the best I could with the towel and took some deep breaths to try and let my body relax. She entered the room and asked me what kind of pressure I like, I told her I like it very firm and that I really need some attention to my neck and upper back. We chatted a bit and I found out she was married and had 2 daughters, she has been doing massage for several years and she was born in Russia. Her technique is very good and just what I needed. She really worked on my back and I could feel it loosen up, I even dosed off a bit. She worked on my legs a little bit and as she got up to my glutes she removed the towel and really worked on my ass with her elbow. I mentioned to her that a lot of people don't do that and her simple reply was "That's why I am special" From this point on we didn't talk much at all.

She worked the inside of my thighs and was getting really close to my balls without touching them, I could feel myself getting chubby. When she finished my backside she told me to roll over and scoot down a bit on the table. As I turned over she turned away (I assumed to grab a towel) and came back with a pillow for my head. To my surprise she didn't cover up my half erect manhood and started working on my chest. She was at the head of the table so her huge tits were almost in my face as she worked on my chest and shoulders. By now I am rock hard and my cock is bobbing up and down as if to say "I am over here!" Next she worked her way down the side of the table and rubbed my tummy area acting as if she didn't even notice my straining cock. As she worked her way down and did my upper thighs and quads she very lightly brushed against my cock, so light that I could not tell if it was intentional or not. I smiled and and made a light hum/groan so she would know I approved.

To my disappointment she turned and walked to the other side of the room and I thought this meant the massage was over as our time was almost up. She was facing away from me as she opened a cabinet, when she turned around I could see she had something in her hand. She approached the table and ever so slowly lifted the bottle of lube and held it over my cock and didn't say a word. She looked me straight in the eyes as if to ask "want it?" I nodded my head and she very slowly poured lube all over my cock and balls.

She wrapped both hands around me and slowly stroked with a twisting motion that felt fantastic. I expressed my approval and she just smiled and said "this is what makes me extra special" After a few minutes she continued to jack me with one hand while she massaged my balls with the other (Damn I love that!) I was lost in the moment and loving it, this gal really knows what she is doing.

She varied the speed of her strokes and at least once added more lube. At one point she opened her mouth and placed it right over the head of my cock and blew air on it.

She was teasing me and I loved it. I said "go ahead" and she replied "I am not that special today and it's time for you to cum for me" That was all I needed to hear, by this time she had been stroking me for about 20 minutes and I let it flow . . . . I came 3 or 4 pulses, it was really powerful and felt so good to be spoiled that way.

She nodded her approval and slowly kept stroking me and the tickling sensation made me crazy. She kind of giggled as she wiped me up with a hot towel. She led me to the shower and handed me a fresh towel. On the way out I left her a nice tip . . . . .

This was an unexpected treat that came at the perfect time.