 It's you. By an act of fate, you are here in front of me. I am in awe of your body, and I admire you from a short distance, speechless and unable to form words. My eyes travel leisurely over the full picture that is you. Beautiful, thick, dark hair. Broad shoulders. Arms chiseled, yet inviting a warm embrace that will inevitably end too quickly. 

Midsection is solid, intentional, set beautifully over the perfect ass: easy to watch as you walk away, stopping traffic and stealing glances wherever you go. Your legs are powerful, shapely, with a confident and purposeful stride. Your face is a work of art. Deep black eyes accenting high cheeks that frame your gorgeous smile, eyes alive with the heat that emanates from you. You are art that only gets better with time.

My mind wanders to a private place where we can spend all the time we need without the constraints of schedules or subtlety. Time has stopped. I admire your cuts, angles and curves at close range, tracing a line across your shoulders, down your arms, around your waist; encircling your beautiful ass, kneading it with my hands and forcing myself to pull away. I set my sights on what I now know is the most beautiful dick I've ever seen or held. Clean shaven, showing full shaft and balls so enticing I can't wait to get my mouth around them. 

I'm wet now, pussy lips quivering, waiting their turn to entertain this gorgeous dick in front of me. I lick my lips, tongue reaching out tentatively, waiting for a sign from you to move in closer. Your dick is straining against your body, seeming to pull your hips towards me and your dick directly into my mouth. The first lick explores, my tongue flicking over the tip, down one side of the shaft, and gently brushing over your balls. You taste so good and I want to devour you. I lick my way back to the tip of your dick, lightly probing for cum, determined to taste your sweet juice, swallowing every drop.

I play around the tip, holding your balls in my hand, feeling them swell as your dick gets harder. I ease my mouth over your dick, thick and heavy as it slides over my tongue and into my throat. Your skin is soft to the touch yet solid as a brick as it fills with semen. Your eyes are closed and a sensual smile plays across your lips as you enjoy me enjoying you. 

Now you're ready, and your face wears a grin of anticipation. I'm licking you faster, covering your dick from swollen tip to heavy balls with rivers of saliva to keep you half as wet as my pussy is, waiting to feel you explode in my mouth; coaxing an ocean of cum past my waiting lips and down my parched throat. You grab my hair and force my face against your body, ensuring my mouth will not let go. I grab your ass to force your dick closer into my face, preventing even one drop of your delicious liquid from spilling outside of my mouth. Each thrust glues us together, your dick growing longer and harder, and now I'm sure that this beautiful dick connected to a gorgeous man is going to break through the back of my head and I'm taking every inch because nothing has ever tasted better to me and I want to feel you explode... 

You cry out slightly as you cum, your hands still on my head, my hands still on your ass and my mouth drinking hungrily as your warm liquid shoots out of your dick. I lick you more, sucking the head of your dick for any last drops and enjoying your dick's steady throbbing as it recovers.

You pull away, lay me on my back and bury your face in my soaking wet pussy. You find your rhythm and have me purring in ecstasy almost immediately. Flicking, probing, gentle nibbling has my pussy straining for every bit of your touch. I gasp for air and beg you not to stop. I've never felt anything like this and never knew I could be this wet. I hold my breath when you take your tongue away, only for it to catch in my throat when you shove that beautiful dick, hard again and eager to explore, into my welcoming pussy. 

This is just too good to end. Each dick thrust has me gripping the grass beneath me in ecstasy. I can't get enough of your dick or your tongue, and you've got my pussy quivering out of control. You wrap my legs around your neck and plunge your dick as deep as it can go. I let out a scream as my body rocks in orgasm. My pussy grabs your dick once more as cum pours out of you. Cum drips out of my pussy and down my thigh. I'm not letting any get away, so I wipe it off and lick every drop of you off of my fingers. So amazing, and I can't wait to do it again.