 "Our marriage has gone stale, we need to do something to perk it up."

"Joanne, we've been married ten years. We have three healthy, happy children. You're a terrific mother. We live in a nice house in a great neighborhood. We have two cars. We have debt but I earn enough to cover it so there's no financial problem. I even earn enough for you to stay home with the kids. Your choice. I've always agreed with whatever you choose to do. I know you plan to go back to work when you think the kids are old enough and that's fine with me. I think we're better off than most people. We have a good marriage."

"That's all true but we've lost our passion. I'm afraid you'll find some young hottie at work some day or else I'll take up with the gardener or something."

"Oh. O.k. Well, there's no young hottie that I know of at work, certainly not one I'm interested in. And as for the gardener, we don't have one and the neighbors' is at least sixty years old and I don't think he even speaks English. Maybe you've seen too much of 'Desperate Housewives'. But it sounds like what you're saying is, the problem is sex."

"I think the problem is passion. Yes, sex is a symptom of it but just the, well, icing and not the cake."

"We have sex a couple times a week."

"Correction. You have sex. You kiss me, feel my ass, get between my legs and get it in me and then when you're done, you move off, hug me, kiss me, and go to sleep. Just when I'm starting to get aroused, you're done. The only orgasms I've had in a long time are ones I've given myself in frustration."

"Oh. O.k. Well, at least we're to the real meat of your complaint. But it takes two to Tango, you know. You haven't sucked my cock in a long time, months."

"Probably close to three. And you haven't licked me down there for at least a month before that."

"So it's a trade off, I eat your pussy and you'll suck my cock."

"No. It's not so quid pro quo. These are just symptoms of the problem. The problem is, you don't have the desire to eat me. And if I'm not aroused fairly often, I lose the desire to suck you. When we were dating, we'd come back from a movie or something and go to my bedroom and I'd have two or three orgasms. The times we managed to spend nights together, I'd have even more. Up at the lake that time, I think I must have had a half dozen. I think it's a main reason I married you. I figured no matter what might happen, the sex was so great that having that regularly for the rest of my life would be more than enough. Why did you go down on me back then? Why did you seem to love the taste of me, almost more than actually fucking me?"

"I really wanted you. I wanted to just eat you up. I wanted to do everything. I couldn't get enough of you and your body. You said passion. I guess that's the word, that's what I had. But we've had sex now a couple thousand times. I mean, it's been ten years. I don't think passion is sustainable forever."

"Well, it's got to be more sustainable than we've experienced it. Maybe we can't have wild sex every time but we should be able to every once in a while, at least. Maybe we need to set it up in some way. Have a date every once in awhile and go back and re-live our youth again for a few hours."

Even as she's talking, it takes me a split second to realize that she's my wife. I love her. I need her. I don't want to argue, I want her. I may have not been doing it very well but that's why I've been fucking her for years. I've been taking too much for granted, I need to shape up. I 'm sitting in my favorite easy chair, had been planning on reading. She's across from me, sitting on the couch. I get up and cross to her, kneel in front of her, insinuating myself between her legs. "Well, if a little passion will help," I say and lean forward and grab her shoulders and kiss her. "You're just as sexy now as ever." I tell her as I pull back from the kiss. I lift her skirt up and lean my head in under it, pushing her legs apart as I sort of force my way in.

"Don, you're not . . . I mean, not right here . . . "

I've grabbed her hips and pulled her forward a little, getting her pussy close to the edge of the couch. I have my fingers pulling on her panties, not taking them off, just getting them to the side, out of the way, with her bare pussy in front of me I start licking her. 

"uh . . .well if you really want to."

I guess it's been a while but I've done this at least hundreds of times, maybe thousands, before. I have no idea why I hadn't in such a long time because I know she loves it. But better late than never. She starts reacting quickly, getting juicier, her clit enlarging a little. I can hear her moaning, trying to stay quiet. She used to be a fair screamer but I'm sure she doesn't want to wake the kids, they've only been in bed a half hour or so. I get my fingers into her and concentrate my tongue on her clit. Her whole bottom starts jumping or jerking and I know it isn't going to take long. And it doesn't, she's cumming. I lick a little more to make sure, pull my fingers out and reach down to unzip my pants and get my now erect cock out. I straighten up a little, nudge myself forward a little and get my cock aimed into her and start pushing in. Her arms come around my shoulders, her legs come up around my butt. She can't stay quiet.

"Mommy?" I can hear our oldest, 8-year old Kirsten.

"Go back to sleep, Dear, " Joanne calls out. I keep pounding into her and I can hear her giving a big exhale with each of my pushes into her.

"I heard a noise."

"It's nothing Dear, Dad and I are both here. Everything's fine. Go back to sleep."

I can see her, she's come out of the hall from her bedroom. She's behind her Mom by several feet, can see our heads and shoulders over the back of the couch. "It's just your Mom and me, Honey. We're kissing. Go back to bed." I'm kneeling, with my cock in Joanne as I talk to our daughter.

"Oh," she says, looking at us. "O.k." and she turns and heads back. She even turns and looks back and smiles at me before going on into the hall. I start pumping into Joanne again. Joanne's trying to keep her voice down, leans her face against my shoulder to smother her moans. I just keep on pumping into her and her whole body is trying to push back as much as she can in her position. I'm not going to last much longer, I can feel it cumming. And then she cums again, her insides grabbing my cock tighter and moving me into shooting my load into her.

"Is that passionate enough?" I quietly ask her, my softening cock still in her, her legs and arms still around me. 

"It's a start," she says and grins at me. I start pulling back, she lowers her legs and arms. "We should have gone to our room," she says, "Kirsten's still a little young for a birds and bees lesson as explicit as this."

"She didn't see anything but our heads and maybe shoulders. We were just kissing as far as she knows. But we should go to our room, take a shower, finish what we've started. You may even get to six again."

"Promises, promises," she says to me with a smile but moves quickly to start to our bedroom and bathroom. I follow. Whatever mess we left on the couch can wait until tomorrow to be cleaned up.

In the bedroom we're both naked right away. I hold her and kiss her and feel her lovely ass. I've always loved her ass. It's full and firm and so soft and smooth to the touch and the curve up onto her lower back is very sexy. "You're as desirable as ever. I don't think you've gained a pound, unlike me."

She pinches my waist, getting at least that proverbial inch, probably more. I've gained something on the order of fifteen pounds since we married. "They're just love handles," she says, kissing me and pushing her pussy against me. "The rest of you is as good as ever." With that, she backs a little and reaches down to pull on my cock and then turns and head into the bathroom. I watch her sexy butt move as she walks and then follow her. I can feel that cock she just pulled starting to recoup from our sex a few minutes earlier.

In the shower, I'm washing her body with my bare hands and some soap. I spend a fair amount of time on her breasts, lick them and suck on her nipples after rinsing, then have her turn around so I can do her back. I kneel down and do her ass, that lovely ass. I feel it, rinse it, kiss it and turn her again. Ah, now her legs and then her pussy. I get one of her legs up on my shoulder so I can spend a lot of time on her pussy. Women in porn seem to all shave, but Joanne doesn't. She must trim her hair some. I guess I should ask. But she must because it's never in the way. And it isn't now. I'm licking inside her and loving it.

"Don, I get a turn now. I love what you're doing but come back up here." Then she starts on me with bare hands and soap. "This has always been a big turn on for me except now I'm already turned on," she says as she's working on my cock, which seems to have fully recovered and is up and ready. She licks it and kisses it and plays with my balls and then gets her mouth around the head and starts really sucking me, her head moving back and forth. I can't imagine why we haven't been doing this regularly. It's obvious she loves it, she can't act like that just to be nice to me, she wants it. 

"I really love you doing that," I tell her out loud, "but we'll be out of hot water for a long time before you get me to cum. This will be my second time and I'm going to last." She flicks her eyes up at me and keeps on working on me for another minute or so before she finally pulls back and stands.

She keeps hold of my cock as she kisses me. "You're right, besides we've got a nice bed out there, this isn't the place to try and finish everything."

We dry each other off and I manage to play with her breasts a little and finger her pussy some. She gives me a short hand job while doing me and then leads me by my erection to the bed. She ends up climbing on me and sitting on my cock, sliding it fully up into her. There isn't anything much sexier than watching a lovely female body riding you, fucking you. 

"This might be one of the good reasons I married you," I say to her. "You've never just allowed me to use you, you've always been as anxious to use me as I am to use you."

She looks down at me grinning as she bounces up and down on me, fucking me. "As anxious? I think I've always been hornier than you." I reach for her clit with the fingers of one hand and try to massage her as she rides me. I can see her getting more and more aroused. She gets a little louder, too. I can hear the bunk beds in the next room, where out two boys sleep, hitting the wall. Someone's moving in there.

"Joanne, quiet," I say, trying to be quiet myself, "You're waking the boys."

Her moans turn into mmphs. She even brings one arm up so she can put her mouth against it, using it as a muffler. Then I can feel her insides, starting to ripple and grab my cock and she's almost crying, pushing her mouth against her arm to hide her sounds. And then she's laying down on me, my cock still hard inside her. I put my arms around her and hold her. I run one hand down her back onto her ass. I love to feel her ass. "Maybe for the next one, we need to keep your mouth full so you can't yell. Why don't we sixty-nine." 

She lifts her head, grins at me, then sits up, lifts herself up off me and scrambles around to straddle me again the other direction. She lowers her pussy onto my face as I can feel her grabbing my cock and start licking it. I have to lift my head to get at her as she gets at me. The height difference makes it less than ideal but it's still possible. I grab her ass with both hands to hold me up to her as I attack her pussy with my tongue and lips. We last a while at this. I'm only doing her with my mouth, not finger fucking her at the same time. I think maybe part of my mind is on how great it feels as she sucks me and only partly on eating her. Maybe it's the same for her because we last a fair time before I can feel her cumming. I just keep licking and sucking on her and she does me, too, until I can finally feel my cum starting.

We're both laying next to one another, worn out a little. I've cum twice, she hasn't made it to six times, I don't think but it must be close. I roll on my side and get an arm around her. "Joanne I love you. I need you. I want you. I don't know why it's been so long since we did something like this. My fault, I think I just got lazy. If I ever start acting like that again, let me know because I want to make love like we've just done all the time.' 

She rolls to me and we kiss. "It's my fault too. I can get all involved in being Mommy rather than your lover."

"Of course, your being so loud that it wakes the kids might be one reason we haven't done this more often." She just grins and kisses me again. 

I wake up the next morning spooned against her back. I'm fully erect and it's pushing between her legs. I reach down and position it better and start rubbing it around. I can't tell but it's got to be touching her pussy in there somewhere. I can feel her move slightly. She raises her leg a little giving me more room. I slide my hips back a little, hold my cock against her and push forward. I can feel it entering her. It's not the greatest fuck in the world but I'm fucking her. She squirms her butt a little and moves her top leg and I'm further into her. I pull back a little and push in again. We've not spoken a word. Quietly, I keep on fucking her. I reach around and get my hands up under her nightgown and play with her breasts, squeeze her nipples as I continue to fuck her. Finally she says, "Hold on while I roll onto my stomach so we can get in a better position."

I do and somehow, without my cock ever leaving her, she ends up on her stomach and I'm atop her. She spreads her legs and starts to push her butt up. I move my weight to my knees and soon we're in a perfect doggie-fuck position and I can really start to pound into her. We last a while and then she cums. I just keep on fucking her until, finally, I cum, too. We're laying there, me still on top of her but her now back down, flat on the bed. "What time is it?" she asks. 

I have to move to look at the clock. "Six forty five," I tell her. She makes a sighing sound. 

"Might as well get up. The alarm will go off in fifteen minutes anyway." She rolls away from me and then leans back to me and kisses me. "It was a great way to wake up," she says, smiling. 

The morning is normal. Breakfast with her and the kids and then off to work. Back home that early evening, she tells me what Kirsten said. "Kirsten told me that she's glad you and I like one another. Brittany's parents fight and argue all the time and Brittany worries about it."

I kiss her and hold her. "Well, she's right. I do like you but I don't think I'm up to proving it by trying to repeat last night again right now."

"Oh," she says, looking at me sort of wide eyed. "I was looking forward to it." Then she grins and kisses me again. Damn, is she joking or does she mean that? 

We have dinner, I help Kirsten with her homework, read to our youngest, James, 4, and play a video game with Mark, 6, the middle boy. Once they're all in bed, it draws close to that moment of truth. "Joanne, were your serious that you want to have a good love making tonight?"

"Yes."

"Are we supposed to start doing it every night?"

"Well, maybe. You married a horny lady and now that I've got you back on track, I don't want us to fall apart again. Why, did last night wear you out?"

"Well, no," I had to admit. I smiled. Actually I liked last night.

"I didn't think so, the way you woke me up this morning. But I'm not complaining, I loved it. You can do that any time." She grins and presses up against me and I put my arms around her and kiss her. She pushes her pelvis against me and holds my ass. "I was thinking that maybe we should play a little game. Maybe pretend this is back when we were dating, ten years ago. We've had sex a couple time and will again and you've just brought me home from our date."

"I've had a great time," I tell her. "Dinner was terrific." I slide my hands down and hold her ass and kiss her again.

"Why don't we extend the good time and go to the bedroom," she says as we break the kiss. "I've been thinking of this all day."

We walk down the hall holding one another, bumping our hips. As we go into the room I say, "So you've been thinking of this all day? You're a horny lady aren't you?"

"Damn right, now get those clothes off."

It seems abrupt, to just go into the room and get naked but as I think back, that's what we did. The foreplay was left to happening once we were naked and on the bed. Neither of us needed to be coy, we both wanted each other, perhaps more then than now. Or, maybe, that's the kind of thinking that she doesn't like. We should be just as passionate right now as back then.

Naked, we hold each other and kiss and feel each other's ass. Then we're on the bed and she has her hand wrapped around my cock as I kiss her and run my hands over her lovely body. "I've been thinking particularly about this all day," she says as she sits up and leans down to kiss my cock as she fondles it. One hand's on my cock, one my balls. Then she starts licking up and down the side, moving her head around to get at me from different angles. Then her mouth swallows the head and then a little more. Her hand continues to jerk me off a little below her mouth as it sucks and licks me. Her head starts bobbing and she's seriously giving my cock a workout. She's told me before that she really likes this, has a thing about cocks. Fantasizes about my cock when we're apart. She's also massaging my balls as she licks and sucks me. I don't last all that long and when I start shooting into her mouth, her lips lock around my cock and she swallows and keeps on sucking and licking, pretty much draining every bit out of me that she can. 

She finally takes a last couple licks and sits back looking at my cock and smiling. Then she looks up at me. "I love your cock, Don, I'll never get enough."

"I love everything about your body, Joanne," I tell her as I reach for her and pull her up so that I can hold her and kiss her. I start moving my kisses and my hands over her body. I spend a lot of time on her breasts. Lovely breasts. Then down over her stomach, still almost flat, just a slight curve to it, and then there her pussy is. I should kiss up and down her legs but, truth is, I want at her pussy. So that's what I do. Her legs are spread wider than I thought anyone could spread, her knees back up toward her shoulders, giving me room. She has her head propped up a little, looking down to watch me. I don't know what she can see because, truthfully, I can't see much. I work pretty much on instinct, licking and sucking in her moist slit, sticking my tongue into her vagina, getting my tongue to her clit. I try to look up at her but she's laid back now, her hands on her breasts, pinching her nipples, as I continue to feast on her, licking and sucking and gumming her clit. I slide a couple fingers into her vagina and move them as I concentrate my mouth on her clit. I look up again and can see she has something, it looks like a white sock of mine, in her mouth, trying to squelch her moans and groans.

She doesn't last that long either and I pull out my fingers and try and suck her whole pussy into my mouth, tasting her juices. By now, I'm hard again, so I slide up over her, kiss her, and then move up slightly more to get my cock aimed into her and then push steadily to move it fully into her. It is a sock. She moved it and held it in one hand when we kissed but as soon as I moved up a little, it's back in her mouth as I start fucking her, slowly at first then faster and faster. It shouldn't feel this good in a woman that's hand three children. That vaginal canal should be stretched to the limit. But somehow, she's recovered and is almost as tight as she was ten years ago. She exercises a lot, maybe that has something to do with it. Her legs and arms come up around me, holding me to her as I move my hips to keep pumping into her. I can feel her insides starting to grab me, she's ready to cum. I just keep pounding into her and then she orgasms. Her whole body jumps. Her insides sort of grab my cock. I wonder if someone will need to throw cold water on us, like you do for dogs or cats locked together. Then she sighs and relaxes. Her arms and legs come down.
