 A new series of short stories. A bit of fun really, if you like them then that's great, if you REALLY like them please feel free to leave some feedback. All is welcome.

#######

"Fuck I'm bored!" Reid thought to himself. Three hours he had been sitting in on the meeting now and there had yet to be anything mentioned he could contribute to. It had turned into a finance meeting in the Client's office, some budget costs came back too high and now the client was discussing money saving devices.

Not having anything to do with the finance part of the project, Reid had to just sit there through it. His boss had managed to get out of the meeting and being only a junior in his company Reid really couldn't just walk out.

The only good thing to come of it was the client's personal finance advisor. Her name was Ursula and she was sitting right opposite Reid. Reid had already made a mental note that she didn't have a wedding ring on, and boredom and the heat of the sun on his back from the window had only one effect on him: It made him horny as hell!

He had been single now for over a year and to be honest, whether Ursula had been married or not wouldn't have stopped him from fantasising about her. He couldn't place her age, he guessed around 28. She was shorter that his 5ft 10 height at about 5ft 4 he guessed, and slim. 

She was slightly dressed down, it being their office and it being a Friday, wearing pale, tight blue jeans and a very loose white shirt, unbuttoned quite low around the neck. Her short blond hair was tucked behind her ears, and Reid was constantly stopping himself from trying to see down her shirt.

The amount it was open Reid guessed Ursula to have quite small breasts, or he would have been welcomed with more cleavage, but right now, tight, pert little breasts would have been more than enough. After two cups of coffee Reid had to excuse himself to go to the toilet. 

As he washed his hands he ran some water through his short blonde hair, trying to cool off. Thoughts went back to Ursula as he checked himself over. At 5ft 10 he looked taller, due to being quite slim. Not boney, he had muscle, but he wasn't bulky. The hardest part to hide he always found was his penis. 

When at full length it was just over 9 inches long and very thick. It didn't shrink much when soft either, but with thoughts of what he'd like to do to Ursula started to make his cock rise. At 22, the added excitement of the "older" woman didn't help his situation.

As he left the toilets he passed Ursula going in. "Fuck she has a tight body!" he thought, but he simply said "Hi". Ursula said hi back with a small smile, Reid not missing her eyes dropping for an instant to his crotch. As he walked back to the meeting table he spotted that his cock was making itself known by bulging near obscenely in his trousers. Thoughts that Ursula had been checking him out made it continue to rise as he sat down.

When he sat he was introduced to the work experience girl who had just started with Ursula's company. Sitting in on the meeting now. A small little thing called Emma, around 18, trousers, white shirt with a tight waistcoat and mousey brown hair. She too seemed petite, and blushed the instant Reid said hello.

When Ursula returned the meeting commenced. Reid went straight back to trying to see down Ursula's top, gagging for anything he could see. He didn't realise though that he had been spotted, not only by Ursula, but Emma too!

Reid went white as a sheet, when he looked up and saw Ursula looking directly at him, but instead of looking mad she gave him a slight smile. A bit of colour in her cheeks. For the next half an hour as the other 4 people around the table discussed money and options, Reid got hornier and hornier, and if he didn't know any better he could swear Ursula was subtly showing him more and more of her chest.

At one point she leant over to grab some papers directly in front of him, her loose shirt falling away giving Reid a clear view of her firm small breasts in a black bra, and further over her toned stomach to the top of her jeans. That was it, Reid's cock pumped full of blood and swelled to full proportions. Ursula smiling at Reid as she sat back down.

Due to the time it was suggested that Emma nip out to get some sandwiches as they all took about an hour break for lunch. Reid, actually only living about 10 minutes away from the office thought about nipping home and sorting himself out. But realised that it might look bad leaving. He couldn't contain it any longer, his cock and balls were crying for release!

Excusing himself once again he headed for the toilets. No sooner had he reached the door when he was grabbed from behind and forced into the female cubicles. Spinning around in the small space he saw Ursula locking the door behind them, then turning on him.

"Have you any idea how hot I am right now?" she almost growled. Seeming so much more aggressive and controlling than her slight frame and timidness in the meeting would ever have made you think possible. Before Reid could answer, Ursula pushed him back against the wall and smashed her lips into his. 

It only took a second for the surprise to wear off before Reid started kissing her back. Their tongues met in the middle as they almost fought between their mouths. Ursula gripped the back of Reid's head, holding him in, kissing, almost sucking his face off. Reid's hands went straight to her firm little ass, squeezing it tightly and pulling the older woman into him.

Ursula purred into his mouth at the feel of Reid's hands gripping her butt, and even more so when she felt his throbbing cock pressed between them.

"Oh fuck, it feels bigger than when I saw it earlier!" she panted between kissing him and stroking her small hands all over his body. Reid was now sliding his hands up Ursula's back, under her shirt. When he felt the bra strap, he headed back down towards her tight little bum, this time easing his hands beneath her jeans.

Ursula moaned again as this time Reid was squeezing her smooth pert buttocks, pulling her even tighter into him as they continued their heated embrace. Reid moved his lips from Ursula's and started to kiss down her neck, over her collar bone and all across her exposed chest.

"Bloody Hell!!" Ursula moaned, "come on!!" and she ripped her shirt open and threw it to the floor. Reid took in her slim firm body. He was right, her breasts were quite small, but as his hands unclasped her bra and let it fall to the floor of the cubicle he noted how they remained high on her chest. Not moving at all. Ursula's pink nipples stood proud on her little mounds, begging to be sucked.

Ursula had to bite her lip to stop from screaming as Reid did just that. His warm mouth surrounding her cold, hard nipples sent shocks of pleasure through her body. He wrapped his arms around her back to pull her firm breasts further into her mouth, sucking and kissing for all he was worth!

Ursula tilted her head back, her eyes rolling back into her head as this younger man, whom she had only just met, caused her to get instantly wet from his attention to her breasts. She had never liked how small they seemed, but they always were the most sensitive part of her body when aroused, and now, with Reid sucking nearly all of each mound into his mouth, flicking his tongue over her nipples, she was ready to cum right there.

Leaning back, her chest thrust forward, Ursula's hips were ground harder against Reid's crotch. As he continued his oral onslaught of her breasts, she went to undoing his shirt and trousers. Within seconds, Reid's shirt was open and his boxers and trousers around his ankles. His hard, thick cock sprang up, free from the confines of his underwear.

Ursula's eyes bulged from their sockets when they saw his large, throbbing member and immediately wrapped her small hands around it. It was Reid's turn to moan out loud as Ursula stroked his thick shaft up and down. She paused for a second to lick her palms, covering them with her warm saliva before going back to wanking him slowly.

Her wet, sticky hands slid up and down his cock with ease, gripping and twisting, up and down, faster and faster. Reid thought he was going to go right there, when all of a sudden Ursula stopped. She pulled his face from her breasts, now glistening with his saliva and kissed him hard, one hand still pumping his throbbing penis.

Then she turned them both around and sat down on the toilet seat, pulling Reid towards her by his cock. Before Reid could do or say anything this slim woman opened her mouth wide and engulfed his purple head in one! Reid threw his head back and had to stifle a loud groan as Ursula sucked the tip of his cock hard, running her tongue in circles all around it.

Inch by inch, Ursula sucked Reid's fat cock into her hungry mouth. She had never had a dick this large and she wasn't about to waste any second of it. She had always loved sucking cock, the control it gave over the man when she mixed full blown sucking, with gentle tip-of-the-tongue licking. Control that she seemed to have over this boy right now. 

Ursula sucked as much as she could without gagging and the fact it was barely half of this boy's monster made her even wetter. One hand stroked the remaining shaft, gripping and twisting and she let Reid fuck her mouth, the other hand was grabbing and squeezing his swollen balls.

She could feel that they were full and she wanted nothing more than to make him cum, make him shoot all his sticky, hot semen just for her. Reid was in heaven, he had never had his cock sucked so well before, and he was soon gripping the back of Ursula's head, fucking her open mouth for all it was worth. Part of him wanted to go back to sucking on her small, but sexy breasts, the rest of him was trying not to blow his load into her mouth!

A task that was made even harder by this sexy older woman, who was now feasting herself on his heavy balls. Sucking each one in her mouth one at a time, all the while wanking his slick, fat cock for all she was worth. Reid could feel his cum rising and wanted to stop her. Grabbing Ursula's hands he pulled her up so she was standing in front of him and pinned her back against the wall.

He went straight down to sucking on her breasts once again, sucking especially hard on her nipples, pulling them out away from her body. He had never enjoyed a mouthful of a woman's breasts so much, and he could feel that Ursula was enjoying it too!

As Reid sucked on one small mound, his hand covered and squeezed the other, pinching it slightly with his fingertips, sending jolts of pleasure straight to Ursula's pussy. With his free hand, Reid was undoing Ursula's jeans. When she realised what he was doing, Ursula went to help him, tugging her jeans down as soon as she could, her hands then going back to Reid's still throbbing cock.

"OH FUCK!" Ursula cried before she could stop herself, as Reid stroked her dripping wet pussy through her damp, soaked knickers. Next second he was inside them, his long fingers curling the length of her closely trimmed sex. Reid had her pinned to the wall with his mouth and hands and she was powerless to stop his fingers from entering her tight wet hole.

Ursula wasn't sure she would want to stop him if she could, but she realised this boy obviously did not know that she was married. She didn't care! His hands and mouth were so good, and although she only had the intentions of a quick kiss and fumble with this younger man, she knew she would not stop him from fucking her brains out right now if he tried.

Reid had always been good with his hands, and very much enjoyed making a girl cum first before using his cock on her. One it seemed to make them much more willing to fuck him and two, he simply LOVED the feeling of sexual power gained from making a woman cum.

Ursula's heart was racing, thumping loudly in her chest as Reid slowly eased one long finger deep inside her. She could feel him swirl it around before easing it back out, this time to be replaced with two fingers, stretching her tight pussy open. Reid loved the feeling of how tight this woman was and couldn't get over how hot and wet she was already.

Bending his fingers forward inside her he started to stroke Ursula's g-spot. Knowing the instant he found it by the way Ursula gasped loudly then tensed her whole body, going on tip-toes. Reid sucked herder than ever on her pert small breasts as his fingers stroked faster and faster, the palm of his hand rubbing Ursula's swelling clit.

"ssssssshhhhHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIII TTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!" cried Ursula, getting louder and louder. Reid saw her chest flush red, a flush that ran all the way down her body and into her knickers where his hand was buried. Just then he felt her pussy clamp down hard on his two fingers. Ursula gripped Reid's shoulders, her nails digging in, her face scrunched up as if she were holding something back.

She almost screamed as she came. Hard. Her throbbing pussy almost forced Reid's fingers out as, for the first time ever, she squirted. A flood of hot juices spurted out of her pussy, soaking her knickers and Reid's hand, but she didn't care. The feeling of pure ecstasy was still surging through her, her body unconsciously still humping Reid's hand.

When she finally calmed down, Ursula could feel her cum seeping out of her knickers and start to run down her thighs. Reid noticed a mixed look of total satisfaction and pure animalistic passion in Ursula's eyes. But just then she glanced at her watch.

"Shit!" she hissed, "we've got to get back out there or people will wonder where we've gone."

"But..." Reid started, looking down at his near to bursting, throbbing cock. Ursula wanted nothing more than to jump on him and fuck that large, beautiful cock until he filled her with cum, but the fact she was married was flashing back into her mind, that and the fact they had been gone too long already.

She couldn't just leave it though, not after what this boy had just done for her, and the sheer size of it, she knew she'd regret it if she didn't do something. Getting on her knees, her cum still flowing down her legs, Ursula stuffed Reid's thick, hard rod back into her mouth and sucked harder than ever before.

She grabbed and squeezed his balls, stroked his bare shaft and licked all around what was in her mouth. Ursula could feel her pussy begging to be fucked, craving a nice juicy cock, but she ignored it, she had to. Reid could feel his cum rising. Looking down on this slim, older woman, feasting on his cock and giving him the best blow job he had ever received was too much.

"Oh FUCK, Here it comes!"

Ursula had never really swallowed before and planned to catch the boys cum in her hands, pulling off his large, fat meat with a 'plopping' noise she cupped her hands, Reid's wildly throbbing shaft pointing at her chest. Finishing himself off with a few last strokes, Reid felt his balls tighten and his cock grow ever-so-slightly. Just as it always did before...

"Oh my God!" squealed Ursula as Reid groaned his way to orgasm. Full, powerful bursts of cum shot straight out of his slick cock. Shot after shot, sending large ropes of hot, thick semen into Ursula's small waiting hands, but she was not ready for the sheer volume of cum! Reid had not relieved himself for a few days, and he normally had a fair amount of cum stored up he thought, but even the amount he was now shooting at this small woman surprised him.

After only 3 or 4 shots, Ursula's hands were overflowing, but Reid kept on cumming, blasting more sticky cum over her small, pert breasts. Cum dribbled down her body, dripping off her hard pink nipples and running down her flat stomach towards her knickers and thighs. Ursula tried moving her hands to catch more, but only succeeded in spilling what she had caught over her lap and legs.

Fearing that it'd never stop she did the only thing she could think of. Grabbing his still ejaculating cock, Ursula shoved her mouth over Reid's pulsating purple head. She instantly had her mouth filled to the brim with Reid's hot, thick cum and had to swallow before she drowned. Gulp after gulp, shot after shot, Ursula finally felt Reid's cock easing off.

She had drunk what felt like a belly full of his cum. She surprised herself by sucking him dry after he had finished shooting, swallowing the last remaining drops. Reid's knees went weak and he sat on the toilet seat. Ursula shakily got to her feet. Reid thought she looked as sexy as hell. Standing there in only her knickers, this older woman's underwear was soaked through by her own cum, which was now running past her knees.

From her neck down she was literally covered in his own cum. Thick, white splatters were trickling over her chest and stomach. Her erect, pink nipples had some dripping off their tips, a large puddle on the floor and her lower stomach was from where she dropped what she had caught in her hands. The cum on her lower stomach dripping and running down to mix with her own cum.

Ursula looked down at herself. How would she ever explain this? More to the point, how did she let it go this far? Guilt started to rack her body, but it was still outweighed by how incredibly turned on and satisfied she felt. Then it struck her. How was she going to get cleaned up?

"Get dressed and go and get me a wet towel!" she whispered to Reid. Grinning, horny as hell and still sporting a huge erection, Reid got dressed and nipped outside. While she waited, Ursula peeled of her soaked knickers, now useless, and looked at her naked body again. Part of her was disgusted at how she now looked, part of her revelled in being covered in a man's cum. A man other than her husband's, whom she would never have let do this.

Although, he would never have pleasured her in such a way! Ursula ran her fingers through the thick layer of cum on her breasts and licked them clean. She didn't hate it, in fact a tingle of excitement ran through her body. She was just about to take another scoop when Reid came back in, a wet towel in his hand.

Ursula got cleaned up as best she could. Reid took her knickers off the floor and snuck them into his pocket while Ursula, her body still wet from the towel put on her bra and shirt, followed by her jeans. The shirt went slightly transparent, but it'd have to do. She still smelled of sex and her jeans were had dark patches where their cum had hit them.

She couldn't believe what a slut she had been, but she just had to put it behind her. She left first, telling Reid to wait a few minutes before following her out. When he got back to the table he saw that Ursula had found a black jumper, which she was now wearing and everyone was tucking into the sandwiches.

As he sat down again, Emma blushed and handed him his sandwiches and a fresh coffee. Reid accepted them, staring at Ursula, wishing he could have fucked her. He felt her wet knickers in his pocket and knew he'd just have to dream...