 The door bell rang. When Mala opened the door and found a tall man around forty five years old standing outside.

"Are you Mrs. Mala Chaturvedi?" He asked.

"Yes."

"I am Madhav Chaudhary a Reiki Healer. You called for a Reiki Healing session."

"Yes, but I was expecting some lady."

"Well, there was no woman healer available. So they sent me. I would go if you don't want healing from me."

"No. No. I don't mean that. It was just..... Please come in."

Mala was suffering from acute back pain for the last three years. She tried many medicines but the pain refused to go away. She was feeling frustrated, then a friend suggested Reiki as a possible solution. Having tried all other alternatives she felt there was no harm in giving it a try.

Mala was forty year old housewife. Her husband worked in a bank and had gone to office. Her two children aged 14 year old daughter and 12 year old son were in school. She was alone at home. She was feeling a bit hesitant to get the healing from a man. But as the pain was unbearable she called her husband to discuss the matter. Her husband Rakesh convinced her that there is no harm in getting the healing from a man. She finally yielded.

"Do you have a couch for the healing? You need to lie down" Madhav the healer enquired.

"There is a sofa and a Diwan in the Drawing room."

When he saw it he rejected both as they were not suitable for healing. Finally he approved the double bed in the bedroom for the purpose.

"Please wear some loose garment for the healing session. And don't wear anything tight underneath it" He instructed.

Mala understood that he wanted to say not to wear bra or panty. She felt a bit uneasy. Still she went to the bathroom to change her dress. She was an attractive woman, slightly plump for her 38 30 40 figure. She carried herself nicely.

Madhav opened his handbag. He took out a packet of incense, incense stand and an audio cd which contained the meditation music. He put on the wonderful music. 

When Mala came out wearing a long gown, she watched him meditating while standing in her bed room. He was a handsome man and looked highly spiritual and evolved person. She was liking the ambience of her bedroom. It never seemed so good. 

Madhav asked her to remove all her jewelry and to lie down straight without any pillow. 

"Take deep breaths and relax." The smell of incense and the music was helping in the relaxation.

He asked her to lie facing down. He invoked energy and started the healing session. He started from her ankles. As soon as he touched her ankles with his hands she felt as if she was touched by a live wire. He kept his hands there for few minutes and asked her to take deep breaths.

"Breathe from abdomen." He instructed. Mala was feeling very uneasy but Madhav was very patient. In soothing voice he was giving her instructions and trying to relax her.

Madhav started moving his hands upward. As his hands were moving towards her bottoms she was getting more and more tense. He understood her problem and shifted his focus to her hands and arms. Gradually he moved towards her shoulders, pressing her body slightly with his expert hands. Mala was feeling an unknown sensation of relief as well as arousal. She was getting confused about her emotions. She liked the sensation but was not willing to accept it in her mind.

Soon Madhav reached top of her head and started moving downward. He spent a lot of time on her back. She was feeling relief from pain. In fact at that moment it had disappeared altogether. 

When Madhav reached the back of spine she again got tensed expecting him to touch her bottoms. This time he didn't stop and held the two buttocks with his both hands. She sighed.

Madhav asked her to relax and take deep breaths again. She was not able to relax. He patiently waited keeping his hands on her bottoms. Gradually she relaxed and he asked her to change side with front side up. 

This time he started from head. Gradually covering the head he reached her face. He was standing behind her head. He kept his hands on the eyes for few seconds.

Mala was experiencing serenity. She was getting sexually aroused too. It looked as if a lover was making love to her. Her repressed sexuality seemed to be exploding. She was afraid where it might lead to. But still she wanted to continue whatever be the cost.

Madhav touched her cheeks very softly. She kept her eyes closed. She was feeling his touch deeply. He covered the nose and proceeded towards the neck and shoulders.

"Will he touch my boobs too?" She was thinking. "And my pussy too." Even thinking about it was getting her body arousing to a new height she never knew before.

From the shoulders he moved on to the arms. After holding her hands briefly he stopped and started again from her feet moving upwards. Touching her knees and thighs, repeated he asked her to relax and take deep breaths. But she was not listening. He kept his hand on her thighs for what seem like eternity to her. She was not relaxing and he was waiting patiently, speaking softly to her, asking her to listen to the music and relax.

Moving upward he avoided her pussy area and moved on to abdomen. She felt relieved as well as disappointed that he had not touched her there.

He spent a lot of time there. She was for the first time in her life was aware of all her body parts.

Suddenly he put his hands on her big boobs. She could not control herself and started moaning loudly. He asked her again and again to relax and take deep breaths while pressing her boobs. She loved the experience and all her pent up sexual feelings were finding much needed release. She felt light and soon her body gave in to her deep emotions. Her nipples got erected and juices started flowing freely from her pussy. He kept his left hand on her left boob but moved his right hand and put it on her beautiful mound feeling her wetness. She felt ashamed for not been able to control the flow. He, however, behaved normally as if it was only a natural phenomenon. After five minutes he announced that healing session is over.

"Is there anything else that I can do?" He enquired. She understood his question. She desperately wanted him to fuck her but her strong morality came in the way. He understood and accepted her position. He excused himself and went to the washroom. She had gathered herself physically and mentally when he came back.

"Listen to music and practice relaxation twice a day. After one week we will have the next session along with a special massage."

She nodded hearing that. He picked up his handbag. While going out he asked her, "Should I send a female healer next time?" "No, please don't" She hastily said. "I will prefer if you yourself are able to come." She added.

Madhav smiled and left. Mala started dreaming about the next healing session to be followed by a special massage. Soon her strong sensations returned and she picked up a candle.