 Chapter two in this short story series. Please feel free to leave any feedback.

########

Once the meeting members had all eaten, Reid noticing how Ursula never made eye contact with him, the meeting was ready to progress. Emma offered to clear up and to make some more coffee after, and as the meeting was to continue being finance based, Reid offered to help Emma.

Anything to get out of sitting through another few hours of boring talk. Besides, even though Ursula had not looked at him since their encounter in the toilets, he had still been looking at her. Remembering the sight of the sexy, slim, older woman covered in his cum, the feeling of her mouth surrounding his cock as he filled it with his load. And he was starting to feel his balls swell once again.

Hoping he could use this new free time to finish himself off again with Ursula's cum soaked knickers, which he still had in his pocket. He hadn't even noticed the way Emma, the 18 year old work experience girl had been staring, blushing at him since she had joined the meeting.

The kitchen was a separate room down the corridor, quite a small space. Worktop with sink on one side, and cupboards on the other, with the tea and coffee making machines on them. As Reid was carrying most of the things that needed washing up, Emma went in first and started running the sink. Without realising he was doing it, Reid checked out Emma's ass. 

She was very small, only about 5ft tall Reid judged, but nicely proportioned. And her butt seemed gravity defying and perfectly round in her fitted black trousers. Emma pretended not to notice Reid's eyes on her body, just as she had pretended not to notice him staring at Ursula throughout the whole meeting.

Never-the-less, a mixture of boredom and the fact her best friend had recently told her that she had caught her boyfriend of 3 years cheating on her, made Emma mad and horny. "He's a complete stranger!" she kept telling herself, but in the end her mind only made that fact seem like it was a good thing. She could have him and never have to see him again. Her boyfriend, if they were still together, would never find out either.

That and the large bulge she had seen inside his trousers made her mouth and young pussy water. She didn't have proof, but Emma could swear that something had gone on between this boy, Reid, and Ursula too. And if Ursula, a woman she knew to be married, could have him, why couldn't she? After what seemed like hours of internal deliberation Emma decided that fucking this boy was what she wanted. No, needed!

Her hormones were going crazy, she could already feel her nipples start to harden, cursing herself at not wearing a bra today. The material of her shirt was rubbing against her hardening nipples sending sparks of pleasure through her young tight body.

Reid was staring again, with Ursula at the table throughout the meeting he had not really taken much notice of Emma. But now, with him needing release once again and being alone in the small kitchen with the young work experience student, he was taking in the view. And he liked it. She was slim, but perfectly formed, her mousey brown hair tied in a loose pony tail to reveal a smooth neck. Her full lips seemed to be in a permanent smile and the dark waistcoat she wore gave the impression that her breasts might be a bit bigger than Ursula's. A rounded B-Cup he imagined.

And then there was that ass, that round, pert ass which made his mouth water just thinking about it. His cock started to swell too and he cursed himself for it. Chances that there'd be another horny female in the office for him were slim. No, he needed to get away and relieve himself in the toilets, before he went and did something stupid...

... Too late.

Squeezing behind Emma, who was at the sink, to reach what she had washed up for drying, his crotch brushed her lower back. Emma felt it instantly, the large, growing rob between Reid's legs pressing into her. She let out a soft moan before she could stop herself. 

Her pussy was on fire, she needed sex and this boy seemed to have just what she needed. Slowly she unbuttoned her waistcoat and just as she heard Reid put the plate he was holding down she spun around, the bulge in his trousers now pressing into her lower stomach.

Trapped between the two worktops of the kitchen, Reid couldn't go anywhere and there was no chance of him hiding his throbbing, growing cock. Emma looked down and saw the distinct outline of Reid's swelling penis. Her mouth watered. Then she saw a bulge in his pocket. Not knowing why, and before Reid could stop her, Emma dived into his pocket and pulled out a pair of very wet knickers.

"I knew it!" she squealed, a look of delight on her face. "You and Ursula fucked!"

"Keep your voice down!" growled Reid. Not wanting anyone to overhear the young girl in front of him. Then she did something that totally took him by surprise. Emma lifted up Ursula's cum soaked knickers to her face and inhaled deeply.

"mmmmm! Smells like you made her cum lots!" Emma said just before putting Ursula's knickers down and licking her fingers clean. That did it for Reid and his cock sprang up, hard as steel, bursting to get out of his trousers or rip through them. "Please, I'm 18." Emma said looking at the shocked, horny expression on Reid's face, "you think I've never fooled around with my girlfriends before?"

"You know if you keep that up I wont be able to control myself don't you?" said Reid, wanting to make sure they were definitely on the same page. Emma answered by simply opening Reid's flies and pulling out his large, thick cock. Her eyes bulged from her head when she saw it.

"Fuck me, I knew it looked big, but that's massive!!" gasped Emma as she started stroking Reid's large member. Instinctively, Reid's hands went to Emma's shirt and pulled undone all the buttons. Emma felt his cock give an involuntary throb when Reid saw she wasn't wearing a bra. His mouth started watering and as Emma stroked him softly, Reid went to work on her young, firm breasts.

They were bigger than Ursula's, more of a handful, but still not huge. Emma was moaning and groaning as Reid kissed and licked and sucked her round breasts. He marvelled at how they only had the slightest movement in them, and at how much Emma panted with pleasure when he nibbled each nipple in his mouth.

Emma's grip on Reid's cock was tightening with each stroke. She had never seen such a large, beautiful cock and her young horny mind was already fantasising about it filling her up to the brim. But she was finding it hard to concentrate on anything with Reid's attention to her breasts. Her boyfriend was her age and as such usually avoided anything to do with foreplay and just dove straight into her pussy with his cock. A cock, she noted, which was a lot smaller than the one in her hand right now!

Reid gripped Emma's hips as he pulled her chest towards him, allowing him to get more of her sexy little breasts into his mouth. Sucking hard on one, the nipple deep inside his hot, wet mouth, he flicked across it fast with his tongue. Emma thought she was going to cum right then! Then she felt Reid's hands undoing her trousers and pulling them slowly down.

Reid was in heaven, first an older lady, sucking him dry, now a younger girl, a tight firm little body, which he wanted to do absolutely everything to! He kissed his way down over her stomach, kissing around her cute bellybutton, then further down as he took her trousers down too.

Emma let out a little squeal as her pussy was exposed to the cool air of the kitchen. Reid growled, a mixture of pleasure and surprise when he saw that Emma was cleanly shaved. Something that she had done once to see if it would get her boyfriend to go down on her. It didn't, but she loved the feeling of being smooth between her legs so she kept it shaved.

Reid, however, DID have the urge to lick and suck this sexy, bald pussy. Emma let out a little squeal as he pulled her trousers and thong right off, picked her up and sat her on the work top. Kneeling down he pulled her knees apart and started to kiss his way up her inner thigh. Emma could feel herself getting hotter and wetter as she felt Reid's breath on her young pussy.

Reid could smell Emma's arousal and smiled at how she almost leapt right off the work top when he snaked his tongue out and ran it up her pussy to her clit. He started planting small kisses all over her outer lips, hearing Emma's breathing getting faster and shallower. He teased her for a few seconds more, but no longer as he wanted to eat her out so badly.

Covering as much of her pussy lips with his mouth as he could, Reid sucked hard as he sent his tongue deep inside Emma's tight wet hole. Emma was gripping the edge of the worktop, afraid she was going to buck right off it as Reid tongue fucked her for all he was worth.

Pulling out his tongue, Reid kissed Emma's hard clit, before sucking it into his mouth and swirling his tongue all around it. That was it for Emma, try as she might she just couldn't hold back her orgasm any longer, and when she felt one of Reid's fingers penetrate her young pussy as well she gave up her struggle.

Muffling a scream as best she could, Emma's hips raised up, forcing her pussy harder against Reid's mouth just as she came, hard. Reid's face was instantly flooded by her hot wet cum. She didn't squirt like Ursula had, but there was enough to soak his face and then some.

Emma's legs were still shaking as Reid stood up and started to suck on her breasts again. Her body was in ecstasy and the pleasure was unending. Reaching forward she undid Reid's trousers and dropped them to the floor, releasing his huge, throbbing cock. She desperately wanted to suck it into her mouth, but her pussy was on fire and gagging to be filled.

Without a second thought, Emma grabbed the guy she had only met a few hours ago by his thick, shaft and pulled the large purple head towards her dripping pussy. Even fully lubricated by her own flowing juices, Emma was worried that her pussy was going to be too tight as Reid's round head met resistance at trying to enter her.

Reid was hard as steel and needed to fuck something, having never got to go all the way with Ursula, but now he was fearing whether this young girl's pussy could handle him. Slowly, ever so slowly, he eased his throbbing manhood forwards, splitting her open. Emma struggled not to cry out as she felt his cock filling her tight hole.

With a loud groan from both of them, Reid's cock head fully entered Emma's young bald pussy. With slow short thrusts, Reid started fucking her back and forward, each time easing in more and more of his fat penis. Emma's eyes were bulging as the feeling of being filled to the brim caused her a sense of new found pleasure. Reid had only just half of his cock inside the young girl when he felt her pussy tightening even more around him.

Emma squealed as her body was racked by another orgasm. Reid felt her cum gushing out around his shaft and onto his balls. He thought that she looked so sexy when she came, her whole tight, little body tensing up and now her naked breasts were covered in a sheen of perspiration. Emma was gasping for air, and she had never felt so alive.

She pulled Reid's head to her own and kissed him hard. The fact she could taste herself on his lips enraged her hormones further and she slide her ass forward in the puddle of her cum she was now sitting in, forcing more of Reid's thick, throbbing shaft deep inside her. She couldn't believe what an amazing cock this guy had and the fact she didn't even know him didn't bother her. All she knew was she wanted him to never stop fucking her!

Reid's cock had never been squeezed so hard by a pussy before and now, with the young work experience girl stroking his balls he knew he was close to orgasm. He started fucking her harder and harder, causing Emma to squeal again and again, then came the familiar churning deep within.

"Oh shit, I'm gonna CUM!" Reid growled. Not knowing whether Emma would let him fill her up or not. Emma was too far gone to care. Just at that moment, as her third orgasm flowed through her and as she covered them both with more of her hot, wet juices, she was overcome by the feeling of a tidal wave of cum rushing into her!

"Fuck me, how much have you got??" Emma said, trying her hardest not to shout the question as her pussy was pumped full of hot, thick cum. Her small body couldn't handle the sheer volume and did the only thing it could, her muscles contracted around Reid's spewing cock and forced it out.

As Reid's dick was pushed out of Emma's pussy, he filled the newly created space with his cum until he 'popped' out of her entirely. Emma couldn't believe how full she felt and almost started to panic when she saw that Reid's cock wasn't stopping. Two huge ropes of cum shot out and landed on her, one on her lower stomach and one directly on her pussy, which was already leaking cum.

Sliding off the work top due to the puddle of cum she was sitting in, Emma dropped to the floor, her weak knees not being able to hold her up. This only caused Reid's pulsating cock to blast gobs of cum over her exposed stomach and breasts, splattering loudly. Even Reid started to worry about the seemingly endless supply of cum erupting from his cock.

Emma did the first thing she could think of and grabbed a glass from the side and held it over Reid's round, purple head. He finished squirting his load into the glass, about three strong spurts of cum, before Emma gripped his cock in her small hand and squeezed the last drop out. Standing up in front of Reid, Emma held the glass up and swirled the contents around.

Even though they were the last three shots of cum there was over an inch worth of cum filling the glass. It was very thick, white and Emma could feel the glass warming up from the heat of it. 

"Doesn't it go down?" she asked Reid when she noticed how his cock was still standing at almost full attention.

"Not with a sexy sight like that in front of me!" Reid replied. And Emma did look sexy as hell he thought. There was something about seeing a girl covered in cum and Emma was most certainly that. This young slim girl, whom he barely knew, had his thick, white cum running freely between her pert, round breasts. Dripping off her erect, little nipples. Semen splattered all over her stomach and was trickling down over her used pussy.

A smooth, shaven pussy which, too, was leaking a vast amount of his cum down her inner thighs. Emma was just thankful that none had gone on her open shirt or waistcoat. Though she did wonder how she would ever get cleaned up. She had never been so totally covered in cum before, never seen so much come from one guy! The slimy, sticky feeling of it running over her firm body didn't turn her off though. She actually felt sexier than ever before, and the look in Reid's eyes, a guy she had never met before made her feel like a goddess.

Then there was the glass of it in her hand. She knew about girls that spat out their boyfriend's cum when he finished in their mouths, but she wondered what they would do if they ever blew Reid. A mischievous smile spread across her lips as she imagined trying to contain all that cum. She was still swirling it around in the glass when Reid brought her back to reality.

"You want me to tip that down the sink?" he asked. Emma's initial reaction was to say yes, but then she thought about all that had just happened, and how this opportunity might never arise again. She winked at Reid,

"No thanks, I have a better idea!" and with that, Reid watched wide-eyed as she tipped up the glass and drank all of the cum in one! It slid down the glass in one thick mass and Emma's cheeks ballooned out as she took it all in her mouth before swallowing hard with a loud 'gulp'. Licking her lips clean she smiled at Reid again.

"Not bad."

Reid was gobsmacked. He thought Ursula, swallowing his cum as he pumped her mouth full of it was hot, this girl had just drunk a glass of it as more of his cum flowed over her body! That was it, Reid knew he had to have this girl again!

As he got dressed, a task made difficult by his cock which refused to go down, Emma scooped up as much of Reid's cum from her body that she could. Licking her hands clean each time. She was fast growing an addiction for this guy's cum and she knew it was bad news. She had a boyfriend, and besides, after today she might never see the older guy again.

When she pulled up her thong it was instantly soaked by a mixture of her and Reid's remaining cum. Thankfully her dark trousers hid any damp patches that formed. Her shirt went transparent the minute she did it up, her firm, round breasts showing through easily, her hard nipples almost tearing new holes. Emma's waistcoat hid her modesty pretty well though.

In near silence they finished the washing up and made coffee, returning to the meeting, which was still going on. Ursula looked at them both, Emma tried not to blush, but the look of satisfaction on her face gave her away. Reid spent the rest of the meeting trying desperately not to let his boner show...