 The courtship was exciting, of course. The newness, the exploration, the adventures. It all added up to a heady experience, each of them pulling deeper and deeper into the other. After a while, to the surprise of neither of them, things settled down into a comfortable relationship. Many years of marriage allowed them to find out about themselves and their goals and desires. But there was the challenge of sameness that threatened to destroy the thrill. Date night was designed to fight that.

Date night responsibilities shifted from him to her and back again. This time, it was his turn. He liked to make it spontaneous; otherwise, date night became the sameness it was intended to combat. He mentioned in the morning that they had a date, allowing her to anticipate all day long. He said they would be dining at Le Petit Chat tonight. He didn't mention the limo. It was an extravagance, he knew, but that was what date night was all about.

Her eyes widened when she saw the limo. The driver opened the door for her and she went out of her way to show her stunning legs to her husband as she got into the car, pulling her dress up a bit more than necessary. His eyes showed the hunger she had hoped for. The ride to the restaurant was quiet, but the messages were loud and clear. The gentle touch, the silent nod, the quick smile, and the blazing eyes said all that was needed.

The meal was impeccable, as always. It was one their favorite restaurants, although they rarely found time to go. He admonished her to have only one glass of champagne; there was more to the evening and he wanted her to be alert and attentive. A few courses were brought out and they inhaled the aromas of the food, smiling warmly at the taste, and thought of dessert. The way to a man's heart is through his stomach, she thought, but she set her sights lower.

The ride back home was quieter still. Replacing the gentle touches and smiles were more insistent rubs and looks of eagerness and desperation. She barely waited for the driver to open the door and she didn't bother showing leg; she would show plenty in a few more minutes.

She quickly pulled him into the bedroom, her desires turbulent and overwhelming her. He was slower, though, which made her even more aggressive. He kissed her gently, softly touching her lips with his, gliding his skin over hers. He knew what this felt like to her. He kissed her neck and nibbled her ear lobe, listening to her moan with anticipation. He pulled back to look at her and told her how beautiful she was. As he moved forward for another kiss, one that was a bit more forceful than before, his fingers reached behind to unzip her dress. He slid her dress down past her hips and let it slide to the floor, all the while kissing her. He then reached behind to undo her bra, letting that, too, slide off her arms and to the floor. He moved back to let her step away from the circle of clothes beneath her. It was at that moment that he noticed she was not wearing panties. She watched him look below and smiled as she saw his response. She moved toward him and kissed him fully and passionately on the lips; he responded by cupping a breast in his hand. Her hands were busy taking off his shirt and unbuckling his belt while he toyed with her nipple. She then knelt to remove his trousers. As she slid his pants down, she saw the bulge in his briefs. She caressed it with her hand, making it twitch. She pulled his cock out and licked the head ever so gently, smiling at the response she got. She stroked him and sucked the tip of his cock, swirling her tongue over the head. Then she pulled all of it into her, as deeply as she could. He moaned, telling her how it felt.

She continued massaging him, playing with his balls and licking and sucking his shaft. He got harder and harder, with his moans and grunts telling her she was doing things well. But he pulled her up, stopping her ministrations. He stepped over to the nightstand, where they kept the toys, and took out an sleep mask. He put the mask over her eyes, denying her the opportunity to look at her man's body and his continued arousal.

He said the lack of sight would enhance her other senses. He was right; she noticed a subtle scent of the cologne she bought him some years ago. She could feel the heat of his hands, so near to her. She could hear his breathing, faster and more insistent than normal. Then she felt him gently message her breast and rub her nipple. The bumps in her areola showed she enjoyed what he was doing. He gently led her to the bed, laying her down on the mattress. He kissed her again, on the lips and the neck. He nibbled on her ear lobes and gently exhaled warm air into her ear; she said she could feel the tingle all the way to her pussy. He smiled, knowing what it felt like; his cock would response quite well when she did the same to him. He bent over her and took a nipple in his mouth, sucking and licking with his tongue. She stroked him while he did this, each of them becoming more and more aroused. 

As he moved from breast to breast, he reached down to her pussy to coat his fingers in the wetness that told him she was getting ready. She moaned as he rubbed her lips and gently rubbed the hood of her clitoris. He could feel her swell with each touch. As he continued to lick her nipples and she continued to stroke him, he rubbed her clitoris more vigorously. She told him how she felt by arching her hips. He slipped his fingers into her, aided by the wetness, and put his two middle fingers on the walnut-shaped G spot that was so sensitive to her. Cupping her clitoris with the palm of his hand, he pulled up into it hard, over and over again. Her groans of pleasure aroused him. She arched her hips more and more, each pull giving her the waves of delight that increased her desire for him. He pulled his hand out and reached for the vibrator. Placing it on her clitoris, he rubbed it back and forth while she stroked him with a desperation he understood well.

He laid down next to her, while she raised a leg to let him penetrate. His cock slid into her slowly while she kept the vibrator on her clitoris. He toyed with her nipple while he moved his cock in and out of her pussy. He would stroke a couple of times, barely at her entrance, then bury himself deeply into her. Over and over again, with increasing intensity, until the feelings began to burn with unbridled desire and lust. He backed off, not willing to end things just yet. After his intensity dropped a bit, he started up again. Her waves of pleasure continued, the vibrator and his cock collaborating to bring her to orgasm. He continued to drive into her, bringing her closer to her climax. He could tell by how she reacted that it was time for her to come. Pounding her relentlessly, he felt his own feelings approach the edge. His cock tightened as she screamed with delight. He pushed again and again, until he too sailed into the abyss of pleasure. Her body shivered with the climax, lights flashing in her closed eyes. His body tensed, his muscles driving him home to an explosion that left him without strength. They continued to writhe as long as they could, but the orgasms left them exhausted.

They stayed as they were, he still inside of her, holding her close to his chest. Eventually, he pulled out and touched her body with his, head to toe. She held his hands as they lay in the bed, letting the remainder of the orgasms slowly drift away. The warmth of their bodies mirrored the warmth of their love.

As they drifted to sleep, she suggested they should see if they could re-enact this date sometime in the near future. He agreed it would be a very good idea.