 It had been nearly six years since I had seen Courtney Constantine. For a long while I had thought about her all the time, but in the years which had passed I had relegated her to a memory as I moved on to other relationships. 

Courtney (CC for short) and I had been in a hot and heavy relationship in our senior year of college. It was one of those whirlwind relationships where we were inseparable, taking the same classes, having the same friends, cheering at each other's sports events. We were not virgins when we met, as CC lost her virginity to a high school boyfriend and me in my first year in college. But we were joined at the hip in public that year, as well as other places while in private. 

She had been with four other guys and me three women before we fell to each other's arms. It was quite crazy how we met that October, having been set up as a blind date for Halloween in that junior year by Courtney's her roommate Jennifer. We met for the first time at the party, and I have to tell you it was quite different having a first date you couldn't actually "see" and wondered all night what she looked like. 

Courtney attended the party as a sultry vixin, with a flimsy black outfit that included a short see through skirt, stockings, skintight top and mask. I went dressed in a tuxedo and Hugh Hefner face.

We were officially introduced at the party by Jen, and spent the better part of the next two hours laughing, joking and getting to know each other. After the party I drove Courtney home and received a very nice good night kiss and hug. She turned to head into the dorm then stopped, turned, lifted her mask and said good night again before slipping inside.

She was beautiful.

That night I fantasized about the girl and made a mess in my bed. The next morning I called her, asked her out again, and she accepted. That was the beginning of a relationship that lasted nearly a year.

On the night of our third date, we intensely made out and were both turned on to no end. Courtney was stroking my cock through my pants and I was doing the same to her. When I asked her to take out my dick, she firmly said "no! I don't do that on a fourth date with any boy."

I pressed her for when I might get a little more, and she said, "Play your cards right and next time, who knows? You seem like a nice enough guy."

We kissed for a little more, and then I thanked her for a great night.

"Huh?" said the girl. 

"I was wondering if we could go out tomorrow morning?" I responded with a hint of surprise. 

Courtney looked at me strangely, but said sure.

I looked at my watch, which was passing midnight, then convinced her it was a new day and a new date.

That new date was incredible. We were still at the local necking spot, and the hourly visit by the local keystone cops had occurred. For the next half hour we made out before she unzipped my pants, pulling out a rock hard dick that wanted action.

Courtney stroked my cock for a few minutes, slowly at first then quickening her pace as she became acquainted with by manhood. I responded by snaking my hand up her thigh and under her skirt, eventually fondling her warm moist panties. She wouldn't let me take off those flimsy black panties but it didn't matter...I was feeling the moist hot pussy separated only by a little bit of cotton and I was in horny heaven.

I fingered her through her panties while she slowly stroked my aching cock. I'd like to say I held off, but quite frankly it didn't take much for me to blast off. The toe-curling orgasm was fantastic and soon afterward Tiffany shuddered in an orgasm of her own.

It was a great fourth date, and for the next six months we were inseparable. The sex was incredible, as Courtney was an adventurous lady. Because we both lived in dorm rooms, our rendezvous were often in unusual places. Oh, we did it in the car, and weather permitting at a local park, but we also found the janitor's closet, a "quiet" room at the library and a friend's attic to grab a quickie. 

Toward the end of the school year, though, we both realized it wasn't meant to be. We'd have little spats over dumb things, spats which turned into arguments and soon we were at wits end. The sex was great, but was happening less and less as we bickered over a wide assortment of things. 

Right before the end of the school year Courtney broke up with me, vowing never to get back together again. 

Flash forward five years. That's when I stumbled across Courtney shopping at the local mall. I saw her looking at men's shirts, did a double take, then realized it was really her. 

After the initial surprise, we laughed and joked about the old days before she startled me with the information that she would be getting married in two weeks. She had met a guy at work and they'd been expanding that relationship for several years. 

It's funny, prior to that day I hadn't thought of Courtney for years. Still, in talking to her that day I had a flashback to our relationship and, like a true guy, the sex. 

I congratulated her of her pending marriage, we stopped for coffee, traded e-mail addys and cell phone numbers then went our separate ways. That night I pulled off to her, remembering those great make-out sessions, then fell off to a fitful sleep. 

Work that week was a bear, and I didn't have a chance to think of much more than reports, spreadsheets and presentations. That Friday night I crashed early, watching television while eating take-out. Before heading to bed I decided to check my e-mails then my cell, which is when I first I noticed a text from Courtney.

"I'm at my bachelorette party and want to talk to you! Drop me a note when you get this."

I wasn't sure when she sent it, but I did return the text, and minutes later I received a note asking me to call her cell phone number. I called, and Courtney slurred a hello. She had just gotten back to her apartment and appeared totally sauced. Her girlfriends had got her ready for bed and left, but apparently she was lonely and wanted to talk.

Why she called me, and not her fiancée, who knows, but whatever it was it was. She asked if I wanted to stop over to her apartment, and minutes later after a quick shower I was cruising over to my former girlfriend's place. 

I wasn't sure what I expected when I got there, but I have to say I was totally surprised. She opened the door and greeted me wearing a slinky black teddy. She handed me a beer, grabbed one for herself, then sat across from me. That gave me an outstanding view of her stocking clad legs, and, up her teddy, garters and flimsy blue panties. 

Shocked, I asked her what was going on?

The girl looked at me, smiled, and then startled me. "I'm getting married in a week, and I have to tell you all the toys and lingerie and sexy games tonight at the party got me going...and somehow I thought of you. I was remembering those days in college, and thought, why not have one last fling."

With that Courtney rose, walked toward me, and then fell to her knees. It wasn't long before she was sucking on my cock. I didn't know what to do, I mean, I knew what to do, but it was like a dream. She was a girl I hadn't dated in ages sucking on my cock like a hooker working for a tip.

The woman carefully licked the dick all over and then began an intense head session, bobbing her head like one of those little bobble-head dolls. I could not believe my luck, getting sucked off by a pretty woman who was spoken for. At some point I stopped thinking about the whys of it and just luxuriated to her sweet wet mouth. 

It all came back to be after a while, how she loved licking balls and that little place between the base of the balls and the asshole. I nearly shot off but somehow held off, pulling her to her feet and kissing her pretty mouth. 

We made out on the couch for several minutes and our hands were all over our bodies. Breasts were licked, asses were squeezed and it wasn't long before Courtney spoke. "Fuck me," she begged, falling back onto the pillows and invitingly spreading her legs. 

It was a spectacular site. I mean, I guess you can still marvel at the Grand Canyon the second time you see it, right? 

I slipped off her panties, positioned myself between her legs and slid into her slippery hot wet pussy. We sort of held each other without moving before beginning a fuck that had us screwing all over her apartment. Oh, we started on the couch, but before the night was over we were linked together on the floor, in the shower, and in her bedroom.

The girl was unbelievable, and I could barely keep up with her. I have to tell you that bedroom escapade was incredible, as I slipped into her from behind and banged her doggie style before she stopped me. "I want it in my mouth," was all she said, and she slid back onto her knees (she was on them a lot that night) and soon I was rocking in and out of her mouth. 

Courtney was a cock-sucking specialist. She always had been one, and she still was today. She had a knack for sucking sock, but more than just sucking she licked and talked. Yes, talked, as she'd say slurred words --- part because of the dick in her mouth and part because of the liquor, but I could make out sweet sayings like "I love your cock" and "Fuck me Robby" and maybe even "your dick is the best" while her head bobbed up and down. 

Needless to say it wasn't long before I went over the edge and shot a huge load of cum in her mouth and onto her pretty face. It was incredible. She looked fantastic, and she helped the sexiness by fingering the excess sauce into her mouth and making a production out of swallowing it. 

"Yummy. Your cum is wonderful, Rob, it's going straight to my tummy."

I didn't care if it was her earlier drinking or a recording for her audio scrapbook, I loved the words and the fact that she savored the cum and held my cock in her mouth. It was an incredible action and a wonderful blow job, something that knocked both of us to sleep with smiles on our faces. 

But the most memorable thing she did happened after I fell asleep. I was in never-never land when I woke to something tickling my rear end. At first I thought it was Courtney's finger, but soon I realized it was something moist...her mouth. The girl was rimming my ass. 

"Oh my," was all I could say.

She continued to lick and kiss before calmly demanding, "Do mine."

I had never licked an ass, but on that night I learned it's a trait that's easy to pick up and excel. I slipped under her, and licked her pussy before tentatively switching over to her nasty asshole. Hesitating, I wondered if I really wanted to do it. But feeling her tongue on my ass gave me the motivation to return the favor. I licked up and down the crack, and then dipped my tongue into her anus. It was tangy, different, but the way she bounced around made me forget about how nasty it was and how hot the girl was getting. 

"Fuck me," insisted the girl.

Again, I got behind her and started slipping my dick up and down her slit from the doggie position. I rocked in and out of her as she positioned a pillow under her midsection. Then she surprised me, reaching under to hold my dick and position it over her asshole. "That's where I want it," was all she said. 

Will miracles never cease? 

Pushing, I slowly entered her ass, first by an inch or so, and once she got used to it, and inch more and an inch more. It was a difficult task, made even more difficult my her cries of pain as I got a couple inches buried into her firm ass. At one point I pulled out, but she reached back and firmly insisted I "fuck her ass hard"...so, being the gentleman I am (hey, the lady is correct, right?) I repositioned my dick against her nasty hole. 

Again, it wasn't easy. But where there's a will there's a way. I moved her ass up higher then pushed her head down. A perfect view of her ass presented itself to me, and I swear my dick got harder. I pushed against the sphincter, worming my way in a centimeter at a time, before gathering all my power and thrusting hard against the darkened hole.

"Ouch you bastard," screamed the little lady and my dick drilled its way into her ass. I couldn't stop myself and soon was buried balls deep in the hot dark hole.

"Oh that is killing me....but keep it there. I want my ass fucked," said the girl. 

Soon we were able to have a slow rhythm of me fucking her virgin asshole with little strokes, maybe a couple inches in and out at a time. Courtney was still complaining of the hurt, but the more we did it the less she complained and instead combined grunts with little passionate "ohs" and "ahs" as she savored the fuck.

There we were, two former lovers back together for a little serendipity, fucking like teenagers. 

My dick loved the tight sensation of the young girl's ass. I didn't have much experience in the anal department, but in fucking this girl I wished I had more. She was really into it, and soon she reached under a pillow to secure one of the vibrators she had gotten the night before at the bachelorette party. 

"Elizabeth gave it to me for when Jon wasn't around," said Courtney with a laugh. "Well, Jonathan's not around tonight, right?"

I thanked the heavens that her boyfriend wasn't around! 

With that she reached under and slid the little vibrating pole into her slippery pussy, tightening up even more my cock in her ass. We sort of moved together, me in her ass and her hand moving the vibrator, and soon the girl was screaming out an orgasm that I couldn't help think the neighborhood could hear. 

Once she got her breath, I held the sides of each ass cheek while I slowly fucked her butt as my dick jumped inside her. All the while Courtney gasp and groaned a series of grunts as I banged her behind. 

Reaching around, I removed the vibrator and began to finger her soaking wet pussy, and soon the girl was giving me all kinds of directions.

"That's it, that's it. Oh that feels so good. Fuck me harder. Fuck my pussy. Fuck my ass. Oooh." 

Several orgasms shook the girl as I fucked her most intimate of intimate spots. Her words and the motion of her ass soon milked out another cum from my well-worked cock. I shot my sticky sauce up her ass, banging it like it was a pussy. She took it gracefully, in some pain but loving it. 

Spent, the two of us feel into a fitful sleep. When the phone rang at 9 a.m., Courtney could barely reach for it but soon snuggled it to her ear, saying hello then startled herself awake. 

"Oh I overslept, honey, I need to take a shower....what? Uh, okay."

The girl hung up the phone. "It's my fiancé, he's going to be over in a half hour."

I jumped to my feet and grabbed my clothes as Courtney threw stuff under the bed and attempted to make her house presentable. Our hearts raced as we tried to remove any traces of me. I dressed, then couldn't help myself. I unzipped my pants and pushed her to her knees. I jerked my cock a couple times, then inserted in into her mouth. I couldn't immediately cum, but soon did. It was a great short blow job.

"Damn my ass hurts, Rob, but it's a good hurt," she said. "You were incredible!" 

Looking at the clock, we said our goodbyes as she slipped into the shower and me slyly out the back door and slipping up the alley toward here my car was parked. It wasn't until I was driving home that I realized she had cleaned off the cock that had recently been in her nasty ass.

That, I thought, was one hell of a wedding gift I gave her...but I don't think her future husband would approve.