 Author's Note: This story is just a fun, naughty quickie. It doesn't include much plot. So if that's what you're looking for, you may be disappointed.

Also, it includes extramarital/polyamorous relationships and some anal sex - just a warning in case those aren't your cup of tea.

***********************

Holding his briefcase, Neil made his way into the drab office building. It was early in the morning, but he was already run down. Only Wednesday and already the week felt like it was just dragging by. Sighing as he ran his hand through medium length brown hair, he made his way to the elevators only to sigh again.

OUT OF ORDER

Well, fucking fantastic. This is just shaping up to be a wonderful day, he thought bitterly.

Heading down the artificially lit hall, he reached the staircase and started making his way up. He wasn't in the greatest shape in the world, but he was hardly a slouch either. He just didn't have it in him to deal with four flights of stairs today. Part of his mind imagined throwing his hands up in disgust and just going home, but he didn't really feel like wasting a vacation day either. If he was going to have a long, miserable day he might as well have a long, miserable day at work.

Finally reaching his desk, he tossed his case on the ground and hung his coat on the corner of his cubicle. Sitting in his chair, he turned on his PC, leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes for a little bit as he waited for the blasted machine to boot up.

When he figured he had given it enough time Neil sat back up only to find the Windows loading screen still displayed on the monitor. Of course, he thought as he rolled his eyes.

Once his computer finally finished booting up he logged in and opened his email and work messaging service. Scrolling through the emails that had come in late the day before, he began reading through one from his manager that might actually be important. 

Suddenly, a little message window popped up at the bottom corner of his screen. He smiled a bit, it was Rekha. Maybe a good dose of naughty flirting would turn the day around.

Williams, Rekha: morning, sexy ;)

Murray, Neil: hey there sexy lady

Williams, Rekha: so horny for you this morning!

Murray, Neil: haha! cutting right to the chase, are we?

Williams, Rekha: are you complaining?

Murray, Neil: no no of course not :)

Williams, Rekha: lunch later?

That made Neil's grin grow wider. He was fairly certain Rekha was looking for a quick lunch fuck, and the thought started to make his dick grow hard. Then his smile drooped to a frown when he recalled he had a lunch meeting with some clients today.

Murray, Neil: shit, can't, meeting clients for lunch :(

Williams, Rekha: shoot, I had been hoping to get a taste of you for lunch today

Murray, Neil: well that sucks, I could have used that today

Williams, Rekha: no, I was going to suck ;)

Murray, Neil: haha, you ARE horny today aren't you

Williams, Rekha: told you!

Williams, Rekha: hey, don't forget about the big meeting today

Murray, Neil: fuck! I did forget, and I have to get stuff prepped for the lunch meeting after

Williams, Rekha: I better leave you to it handsome

Murray, Neil: later babe

Neil groaned as he shut the messenger window. An hour of sitting around in the auditorium across the parking lot listening to some executive drone on about company revenues and forecasts and long term strategic planning. He didn't even know who this guy was, just some VP of some acronym, like WGaF - Who Gives a Fuck.

Turning his mind back to his work, Neil dove in. For the next two hours he was completely focused on preparing his notes for his lunch meeting. He was so focused that when he finally checked the time it was two minutes before eleven.

Cursing under his breath, he logged out of his desktop and headed out to the other building. He was going to be late, and he really just wanted to skip. But his boss always made a big deal about everyone attending these damn things and Max was sure to be watching who came in and who didn't. Plus, part of him had hoped he would manage to sit next to Rekha during the meeting, by coincidence of course. It was so middle school, but what could he say, he loved being near her.

By the time he arrived, the room was pretty much full and he had to sit near the back. The presentation itself hadn't actually begun - microphone problems. Typical. Making his way to an empty seat, he easily spotted Rekha in the crowd. She was such a stunning beauty. Long, straight black hair that went most of the way down her back. A narrow waist and great legs. Smooth, soft dusky skin. Dark eyes that he loved to stare into when they made love or even just talked. Multiple piercings in her ears and even a tiny gold hoop in one nostril made her a total knockout. She was just so completely unique.

Just before he sat down, he saw her turn and catch his eyes. She smiled apologetically, as if she had tried and failed to save him a seat. It was a difficult thing, their office romance. So far, no one knew about it. At least not at work. The fact that they worked together wasn't so much of a problem, not really. It was a big company, and this was a big site, and they didn't even work in remotely related parts of the company. The problem was Rekha. Neil was single, but Rekha was married. And if people at work found out, it would hurt their reputations, no matter what the explanation.

Even from where he sat, Neil could tell what shirt she was wearing. It was a blue shirt with a low cut lace neckline that showed off her cleavage while still remaining work appropriate. He loved that shirt on her. He should, since he had bought it for her. She always complained about how she wished her breasts were bigger, but Neil had no such complaints. If he was being honest, they weren't the biggest he had ever felt, but it hardly mattered. Their soft curves fit his hands so perfectly, their flawless brown skin and small dark nipples that grew so hard in his mouth. Just thinking about them got him hard, making him squirm in his seat.

Trying to turn his mind to something else, he tried to follow along with the presentation, but it was so incredibly boring. Almost immediately his thoughts turned back to Rekha, soft lips wrapped around his cock, moaning as he pushed into her throat as she stared up at him. Her dark cheeks caved in as she sucked, drawing back on his pale dick.

Fuck. I need her. Now!

Crossing, uncrossing, and crossing his legs again, Neil sat, desperate for this meeting to end. Scanning the room, he caught sight of Rekha, their eyes meeting again, longer this time. Taking a chance he looked right at her, raised an eyebrow and nodded towards the door.

Rekha's eyes widened in surprise and, Neil assumed, a bit of mirth. She probably thought he was just joking, but his mounting desire was no joke. Nodding once more, he stood up and excused himself, walking briskly to the door. Before exiting the auditorium, he looked back once more, directly into Rekha's eyes, and then turned and walked out.

Out in the hallway, he walked down past the dull landscapes hanging on the walls, turned the corner and waited. It felt like he waited forever, his heart pounding in his chest. Would she actually follow him?

But it wasn't that long before he heard the click-clack of heels on the hard floor and then Rekha rounded the corner. Grabbing her in his arms he kissed her, her mouth opening eagerly to accept his tongue, his mouth accepting her tongue in return.

They didn't allow it to last long though, and breaking the kiss he whispered to her, "Come on."

Practically dragging her, Neil made his way to the men's restroom.

"Neil, should we really be doing this?" she asked, her voice excited and nervous at once as she tried to keep up in her black knee-high heeled boots.

"It's part of the fun, isn't it?" he said with a grin.

Her brilliant smile in return was the only affirmation he needed. Entering the men's room, he checked that it was clear before waving her in. Shoving her into the first stall, he locked the door behind him and the two resumed their kiss.

It was longer this time, more passionate, but just as needy. His hands held her face, while one of hers went around his neck and the other rubbed up and down the hard shaft hidden in his khakis. By the time their kiss came to an end, they were both moaning without concern of who might hear.

Breaking the kiss he looked in her dark eyes, smiling down at her, and she smiled up at him.

"Remember to keep it quiet," he whispered. Normally, Rekha was quite the screamer, another trait he loved. But that wouldn't do here.

Then, turning her around he pushed her forward so she had to grip the lid of the toilet tank to keep her balance. Without a word, she spread her dark toned legs, black heels firmly on the ground. Reaching down, Neil lifted her black skirt, pushing it up to her waist to display a set of frilly red panties. They weren't thongs, but they left most of her round ass on display.

Leaning down, he kissed her firm globes as he lowered her panties to her knees, stretching them between her legs. Kissing his way inward, he reached her bare pussy lips, pulling on them with his own lips. Rekha moaned, and in response he squeezed her ass, reminding her to be quiet. 

Turning his head slightly, Neil ran his tongue up and down her slit, tasting her growing arousal as it began to coat the tip of his tongue. Her knees buckled, making Rekha bounce slightly as he ran his tongue up her slit and then continued higher. Spreading her ass cheeks with his hands, he pulled his tongue back just as it reached the edge of her tight puckered hole.

"Oh, you tease!" she hissed at him, before gasping when his tongue found its way back to her slit. Pushing in deeper this time, his tongue parted her wet lips, played with her delicate inner lips and then pressed onward delving deep into her pussy.

Kneeling down behind her, his tongue buried inside her, Neil felt her grind and rock back against his tongue trying desperately to get more of him inside her. Grinning, he pulled back, lightly bit her ass, and pressed two fingers deep inside her cunt. His thumb grazed across her swollen clit before reaching the patch of short dark hair that she kept neatly trimmed just above her sex.

Bringing his hand back some, he toyed with her clit, making her fuck back harder against his hand as he spread her ass cheeks again with one hand. Leaning forward, he ran his tongue in circles around the tight hole of her ass. Around and around, careful to only occasionally run the tip over the center, teasing her asshole with his tongue as he pounded his fingers into her wet pussy and roughly rubbing her aching clit.

"Oh, fuck, Neil," she whispered harshly. "I need you inside me."

Gripping her ass tighter, he stopped moving his other hand, but leaving his fingers pushed in as deeply as they could go. Then he pressed his tongue against her ass, feeling it pulse and begin to open for him before he withdrew and stood up.

****

Rekha couldn't believe how wet she was. Neil always got her good and wet, but it still amazed her every time. She moaned slightly in disappointment as his fingers suddenly left her body; she hated the feeling of emptiness left behind in their wake. Even though she knew it was necessary for what she really wanted.

But even with his fingers gone, everything about the situation was driving her crazy. The risk of fucking at work, but even more the absolute naughtiness of the situation. Here she was, in the men's restroom, bent over the toilet, hands grasping the cold porcelain tank, skirt hiked up to her waist, panties at her knees, waiting for a man who wasn't even her husband to fill her wet pussy with his fat cock. And there she waited, and waited. At least, it felt like an eternity.

"Come on, love, not the time to tease," she pleaded.

She could hear him chuckle behind her, the sound making her body quiver. Then she felt it, small and wet, pushing at her asshole. Biting her lower lip, she arched her back and pushed back trying to force the wet finger into her backside. But Neil refused to do more than tease, pulling back before pushing in all the way.

Then she heard the slow zip of Neil opening his pants and she began to pant with anticipation. She couldn't wait, this is what she needed, to be fucked hard and fast. Rekha brought her head up, dark hair rubbing across her face as she looked skyward as the swollen head of Neil's erection ran over her wet slit. Pushing down and back, her pussy lips split, eagerly accepting his cock.

With one slow push, she felt half of his length press into her, filling her in a way that his fingers never could. She couldn't wait for him to fill her, to stretch her wide open. To feel him swell inside her before pumping her full of his seed.

Oh no!

Turning as best she could she reached back to get his attention, looking back at his lust filled and determined face through a curtain of her own black hair.

"Neil, wait. Stop," she hissed. "I went off the pill baby, you can't..."

"I know," he interrupted. "Steven emailed me yesterday. Told me you guys were trying."

Then he gave her a goofy grin that was so out of place in their current condition, but was part of his personality that she cherished. "Would now be an odd time to offer you guys congratulations?"

She laughed at that, she couldn't help it. It was an odd feeling, laughing with his cock buried inside of her. Part of her brain finding his comment funny, the rest demanding that they shut up and finish fucking like animals.

Rekha felt his hands run up her sides over her blue shirt, grip her, and then push deep inside her until she could feel his own short trimmed hair brush against her skin as she was filled with every inch of him.

"I won't be inside you long, baby," he promised her as she moaned. "Just long enough for you to cum on my cock. Then you can get that taste you wanted."

Without saying a word, she nodded.

Gripping her waist, he began long, slow, deep strokes, sending waves of pleasure through her body. Bringing her hand off his chest she put it forward, bracing the wall as she lowered her head. Revelling in the pure pleasure and ecstasy of her lover's cock filling her. But she wanted him to cum and she wanted to cum on his dick; but she also wanted to be true to the boundaries she and her husband had agreed on. That meant she needed to be quick.

Reaching back between her legs, she pressed her hand onto her clit. She pushed down hard, running it fast circles as Neil continued to slide in and out of her. She kept herself quiet, though it hardly mattered. The bathroom was filled with the unmistakable sounds of a wet pussy being slowly fucked by a hard cock.

As her pleasure mounted, escalating inside her like a flood, she raised her head, biting her lip and let out a long but hushed set of moans and whimpers.

"Come on," Neil whispered, encouraging her, "Cum for me Rekha, my naughty little slut."

She couldn't believe how turned on it made her to be called that during sex. Any other time she'd be furious, but it felt so right. Drawing her hand away from her sex briefly, she smacked her clit with her hand before going back to rubbing it. The sudden sharp sensation of the slap mixed with Neil's encouraging voice and his hard manhood stretching her wide was enough to send her over the edge.

Her hand on the wall tightened along with the rest of her body as she went rigid from trying to contain the incredible explosion of pleasure inside her. The only part of her that continued to move was her hand furiously strumming at her clit as she rode the waves of ecstasy. She felt her pussy gush with fluid, drenching Neil's cock as she came.

"I need it," she whispered.

"What do you need baby?"

At first she wasn't sure. She had simply spoken while her brain tried to catch up and figure out what it meant. Then she knew.

"I need to feel you inside me," she said.

"I am inside you," he replied, his grin obvious on his voice.

"No. I need to feel your hot cum spray inside me."

"I thought you wanted to taste me."

"That was before," she said, before gasping as she felt him draw most of his cock out and then slam it back into her aching pussy. "This is now. I need your cum inside me. I want to feel you in me the rest of the day at work."

"Baby, I want to, too. But we promised your husband..."

"I know what we promised him Neil, and I know what I need," she hissed, a bit of irrational anger in her voice. 

Couldn't he just get on with it and fuck her already?

"You're just going to have to fuck my ass," she finally said.

Normally they'd need lube for anal, but she had already drenched his cock in her own juices. And at this point her mind was too far gone to care.

Neil didn't even bother responding, she just felt his slick cock slip out of her as he stepped back. Standing up, she stretched her back. "Baby, can we change positions?"

"Sure, whatever you want babe, but we have to be fast."

Nodding, she did her best to scoot around him, and he around her. It was already a tight fit in the stall, and being in heels and having a pair of panties stretched around her legs didn't help. But soon they had managed to switch. Neil sat down while Rekha stood in front of him facing the door. Bending over, she shimmied out of her red panties so she could spread her legs wider before bending back towards him.

She felt his fingers quickly probe her sopping wetness, collecting her juices before drawing it up to her ass. This time there was no teasing, his fingers probing into her tight hole opening her up and spreading her juices.

Then his fingers left her, and the empty feeling returned. But almost immediately she felt a hand at her hip guiding her down slowly, slowly, until she felt the wet tip of his cock pressing against her tight asshole.

Reaching her arms out she pressed against the walls of the stall as she lowered herself onto his cock. Pain welled up inside her, mixing with pleasure as her body slowly gave in to the invading hardness. Biting her upper lip this time, she looked up at the ceiling before closing her eyes, slowly lowering her weight as she felt Neil push firmly but gently up into her.

And then suddenly her body relaxed, her muscles allowing him entrance. So full, her mind cried out. The sensation of his thick shaft spearing her ass, stretching her, filling her was so exquisite. Then she began to rise, feeling her tight ass clenching his cock, desperately holding onto him as she pulled off him. Then back down again, stretching and filling her once more with his hot, hard flesh.

Behind her, she could hear Neil's ragged breath, it was as wild as her own heart pounding away inside her chest. Bouncing up and down she fucked his hard rod with her ass, desperate to feel him explode inside her.

Just then she heard the door to the restroom open. Her eyes going wide in terror. Not knowing what else to do, she sat down on Neil as far as she could and pushed her legs up against the door of the stall. Her legs spread wide, heeled boots pushing against the metal frame.

Leaning her head back, she closed her eyes trying with all her might to stay still and silent. She was shocked to find that Neil had no such desire. He was quiet to be sure, but not still. He continued to rock upward, gingerly rubbing his swollen cock inside her ass. Their position didn't allow for much movement, but small as the movement was, it drove her crazy.

It was apparently not enough for Neil though. She felt his arm go around her, his hand finding her still wet pussy. Her eyes opened once more in shock as his fingers played with her lips, running along the slit, teasing her clit and probing gently at her wet hole as his cock continued to move in and out of her tight ass.
