 She'd had a long day at work, and all she could think about was a long hot bath. She fumbled for her keys and unlocked the door. She entered her apartment and placed her keys and purse on a table. As she walked down the hall to her room, she began to unbutton her blouse. Taking off her heels and putting them in the closet, she removed her blouse and tossed it on her bed. She unzipped her skirt and let it drop to the floor. As she walks to her bathroom, she started to take off her bra. Leaning over to start the bath, she turned to look at herself in the mirror. She leaned in closer to look at her face. For just turning 40, she starts to think how good she looks; 10 years younger than her actual age.

She reached to check the water and turned on the whirlpool. Taking off her panties, she slid into the water. Oh, how nice it felt. She leaned back and let the whirlpool do the work of loosening her tense muscles. Before long, she experienced a relaxing state of mind and drifted off to sleep.

After a few minutes, she awoke. She heard the front door opening. Hearing her husbands keys fall to the table, she finished her bath. Her husband came into the bathroom. He leaned over and kissed her softly on the lips.

"Hi baby, how was you day?" he asked.

"Long and busy," she replied, "I'm so tense. My shoulders are tight and my feet hurt."

"Aw, my poor baby. Let me massage your shoulders and loosen those tense muscles." He whispered in her ear.

"That would be lovely, sweetheart, thank you." she sighed. He sat on the back of the tub behind her and softly started to rub her shoulders.

"Aaaaaaaah yes. Right there." she said with another sigh.

He smiled and whispered in her ear, "I can make you feel really good after I'm done here baby." This brought a smile to her face.

"I am starting to feel better already." She delightfully cooed He started to slide his hands through her hair and kissed her on her neck.

"Mmmmmmmm nice," she said under her breath.

"That's just a beginning sweetie." he said as he tilted her head back and kissed her softly again on her mouth. His hands slid down her shoulders to her chest. Her nipples were ready for his touch. Getting hard in a instant, she moaned in delight as his finger glided across them. His hands cupped her breast, and he started to massage them softly bringing another moan from her.

" Lets take this in the other room, baby. I want you now," she said with a naughty tone in her voice. His smile got bigger, and he helped her to her feet wrapping her robe around her. She put her arms around his neck, and he picked her up.

Carrying her to the bedroom, he let her down on the bed and she pulled his head down to her. She resumed kissing him and parting his lips with her tongue; mixing her wet tongue with his. She bit his bottom lip while kissing him deeply. His eyes rolled back and he moaned. Her lips move to his chin and biting it softly, make him moan again. She move her hands down to his neck started unbuttoning his shirt and sliding it off his shoulders. Her mouth moved to his shoulders, kissing, licking, and biting them. She moved to unbuckle and unzip his pants. Her lips moved across his chest to his nipples. She teased them with her tongue and gave them a little bite. Sucking on them and biting them again. Making him moan louder.

She kissed her way down the center of his chest to his stomach. Her hands moving to the waist of his pants and boxers, lowering them over his ass and down his legs.

She removed her clothes that she had laid on the bed and laid them across a near by chair. She turned to him again and slowly started to take off her robe letting it drop to the floor. He reached out for her, but she stopped him in mid-reach and lowered him to the bed. Kneeling on the floor, she leaned down and helped him step out of his pants. She placed her hands on his chest and pushed him back on the bed.

Her body lay across him and he fell back. Her chest lay against his thighs. She kissed her way down his stomach moving back and forth from hip to hip. Kissing and licking her way down his hip, she moved lower and lower to his thighs. Her lips moved to his inner thighs-kissing and licking her way around them. He moaned. She liked hearing him, so she slowly started licking her way up to his balls.

Hearing him moan louder, she knew what he wanted. Her lips and tongue moved along the outer edges of his balls, teasing him more. His breathing became heavier, and she started to suck on them. His hips begin to move as her tongue slid up to his erect cock. Her lips slid along his cock to the tip. Her tongue moved back and forth over the top. She heard a loud sigh, letting her know she was giving him what he wanted.

She wrapped her lips around his hard cock and slowly took him into her hot wet mouth until every inch of it was in her mouth. Her tongue slid along the back of his cock and she started to move her mouth up and down on him. He started to moan louder and his hips started moving in rhythm of her movements. His hands moved to her head and his fingers tangled in her hair. He looked down at her and smiled. He laid his head back as she took him down her throat.

"Oh god, you mouth feels so good on me." he said in between moans. This makes her pump on him faster. His hips meet every movement she makes. He started to feel he is to close the end, so he sat up and stopped her. He grabbed her face and started to kiss her again as he pulled her onto him.

"I want to taste you now, baby," he said in a soft voice, " I want you on my face". This brings a smile to her lips.

She slowly started to move her way upward as he kissed and licked his way along her body, stopping for a moment for him to kiss, lick and suck on her chest. He took her nipples into his mouth, and bit them. This caused her to sigh. Moving slowly, his lips moved to get every inch of her body. Her hands reached for the headboard as she positioned herself onto his face.

A loud moan comes from her as his lips touched hers. His tongue began to work on her clit. Her hips started to move. Her head fell back and his hands moved to her ass. He squeezed her ass cheeks and pulled her into him more. She started to pump her hips onto his face. Moaning and sighing, he knew she is coming to a climax he began to push his tongue into her hot pussy. Her moans became louder, and her hips started to pump faster. He knew she was close.

"Aaaaaaaaah yes, baby, you eat me so good," she says breathlessly, "I'm going to cum on your face." Hearing this, he started to suck on her clit, and she let out a loud moan. Her hips were pumping wildly. Her head was tossing back and forth.

"Oh god, fuck, suck it, suck it baby! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" she screamed. Her body bucked on him as he sucked her clit harder. He was taking every drops she has to give. She collapsed onto him. This let her catch her breath, and he started running his fingers along her back.

She slowly gathered herself and stood on the bed and straddled over him. His cock was still hard and erect, and she started to lower herself down onto him. Sliding on his cock, she gasped as it filled her hot, tight pussy. She took every inch in her.

Her hand moved to his chest. She starts to rock back and forth on him. He was sliding in and out of her. She was taking him into her deeper with each thrust. Moaning louder and breathing heavier they started to fall into a rhythm that gave them both pleasure. Her fingers began to dig into his chest. He reached up and grabbed her chest. She reached for the headboard making her chest fall closer to him. He took her nipples into his mouth and began to suck on them making her more excited. Her hips begin to grind into him. They were pumping each other harder and harder. They both were both, at any moment, ready to cum.

"Fuck me, baby," he yelled out, "I'm cumming."

She started to buck wildly and screamed out, "Oh fuck yes! I'm cumming." They both pounded into each other. His hands were digging into her hips, and he let out a loud, "Ahhhhhh, yes!"

Her heads fell to his chest, and she was digging her nails into him.

"Ahhhhhhh god yes baby!" she moaned as they pressed into each other riding out their climaxes together. She fell into him, and they both laid their exhausted trying to catch their breath.

"This is a very good way of relaxing those tired muscles," she said, "I can't wait till tomorrow..."