 Erin was a great student. She was smart, diligent, and curious. She had interesting ideas, worked hard, and definitely wanted to please her professors. Yeah, some of it was about wanting to secure letters of recommendation but it wasn't all that. Much of it was that she genuinely loved learning.

She was also a little fox... a fiery little redhead who knew how to look professional yet sexy. She always dressed to kill and managed to tease without looking slutty. 

She had been doing an independent study with me for a few months and I had started really looking forward to our meetings together. It wasn't just that she was fun to look at. She was fun to be around too and I appreciated the time to talk about how things were going with her work and her upcoming plans. 

One day, though, I wasn't at all excited about our meeting. I had had a long day and all I wanted to do was get home and relax. She stopped by and seemed to immediately notice I was frazzled and trying to get some things done. She was looking great, though, in a professional looking gray skirt- not too short- and white blouse. She had cute black heals on and somehow always knew how to position her feat for the cutie schoolgirl effect. Consequently, she managed to look like a confident professional with a slight tinge of insecurity- as though she wanted and needed to please someone to prove her worth. 

We needed to run some statistics so I asked her to come to my side of the desk so we could both see the screen. I noticed right away that she smelled great and I started to get worried that she was going to notice how much I was craving her. We worked for a few minutes, got some things done, when my computer crashed (predictably). I muttered "fuck". 

She was a bit taken back at first but then laughed and said, "Everything ok, professor?" 

"Yeah, it's just been a long day," I responded.

"I can tell. You look a bit stressed. Is there anything I can do?"

"I wish. But, I'm just tired and have what seems like the start of a pounding headache. Unless you have aspirin on you, I think I just need to finish up and get home." 

"You don't need aspirin," she said. "Just relax and shut your eyes for a second and let me show you something." 

I don't know why I agreed. Other than the occasional hug, I had never let a student touch me in any intimate way. For some reason, though, I put my head back, shut my eyes, and let her start massaging my head, neck, and shoulders. 

She started with my forehead and her hands felt absolutely fabulous. They were soft and she slowly caressed my forehead before moving to the back of my neck and shoulders. I don't know if it is because I was no longer focused on it but my headache really did start to go away. 

"Wow, that feels great," I said.

"Good, I knew it would," she responded. "I don't like seeing you stressed. You are one of my favorite professors and I don't like the idea of you being stressed."

There was an awkward silence between us for a few moments while she kept massaging me. Unexpectedly, she leaned forward, placed her hand on my chest, and whispered into my ear, "I can do more, you know. I don't need to stop at your shoulders."

I didn't respond. I didn't know what to say. I couldn't believe this was happening but desperately wanted it to continue. 

She interpreted my silence as a yes and let her hand slide down my stomach to my waste and started to unbutton and unzip my pants. She walked around the chair and sat in her chair facing me. She looked me in the eye, maintaining eye contact the entire time, as she withdrew my very hard cock from my pants. Still keeping eye contact, she licked her palms, and started to slowly massage my cock. 

She kept a perfect, slow rhythm, never speeding up or slowing down. After a few minutes, she whispered, "I can use my mouth if you want. "

Again, I was speechless and again she interpreted my silence correctly. She got down on her knees, looked me in the eye, and put my cock deep into her mouth. 

I almost came right there. The sight was too much. This gorgeous woman with flowing red hair, face buried in my lap, bobbing up and down on my cock. She took me so deep, I couldn't believe it. I could feel myself entering her throat with each bob of her head. Up and down, up and down, eyes on me the entire time. She pulled me out of her mouth, gave me a coy smile and started licking just the tip. She then used her tongue to trail down the underside of my shaft and started to lick my balls, while she stroked my throbbing cock with her hand. She took one of my balls in her mouth and sucked it gently while jacking me off. I was in ecstasy. This was the most perfect blowjob I had ever experienced. She was gorgeous, confident, and knew how to use her mouth and tongue. 

All of a sudden, though, she stopped and stood up. 

"What are you doing?" I asked, worried that it was over.

"Don't worry. I just need to shut and lock the door. I have a little treat for you."

As much as I wanted my cock in her mouth, I loved watching her walk across the room. Her sexy little butt, her slender thighs and calves. She was gorgeous. 

She walked back to me, stood in front of me and said, "Take my panties off and finger my tight little pussy." 

I reached up under her skirt with both hands and started to peal her panties down to her hips. I moved slowly, enjoying every inch of those legs. I got them down to her knees and took in the sight of this beautiful woman with her panties dropped, and hoped she wanted to continue blowing me. I reached up to her pussy, which was soaking wet, and started to finger her. She moaned softly, as she closed her eyes and bit her lip a little. 

I noticed she was unbuttoning her shirt as I went and I started to wonder what this little treat was. As she took her shirt off, I noticed that her perky breasts were a little bigger than I realized and that they were encased in a sexy little push-up bra that matched the panties that were down around her knees. She moved her hand to mine and started to guide my hand with hers in and out of her cunt. She started to breathe more heavily. Her shirt was off and lying on the floor. She took her other hand and started to stroke my cock some more as she fingered herself. 

She stopped somewhat abruptly and looked at me. "I want you to fuck me bad, professor" she said, "but what I want more is to get you off with my mouth. I want you to stand up, fuck my mouth with that big, beautiful cock of yours, and cum all over my pretty face."

I was shocked. I had never heard anyone talk that way. She was practically begging me to treat her like a little whore. I stood up and she quickly got down on her knees. She grabbed my hips and took my cock deep into her throat. I could feel her tongue lapping at the base of my shaft as she held me there. It was ecstasy. She pulled me from her throat, lifted up my cock to get at my balls and started to suck on them while she stroked me. She continued this for a few strokes before looking me in the eye and said, "I want your cum, baby. Cum on my face."

She took me deep again. No hands. Just her warm little mouth wrapped around my dick and taking it deep into her throat. She used her now free hands to finger herself and started to bob her head back and forth, her pace increasing as I got close. She began to moan softly as she let me fuck her mouth and throat. I never wanted it to stop but knew it had to soon. 

"I'm close." I gasped. 

She just looked up at me and increased her pace. My body started to shutter as I felt myself about to cum. She could feel my readiness and pulled me from her throat just as I came. The first shot landed on her lips and she let out a cute little giggle as my second load landed on her chin. I collapsed in the chair. She wiped her face with one hand but gently took my cock with the other and began to stroke me softly. I smiled and shut my eyes as I tried to regain my strength and think of what to do next. She gently placed my cock back in her mouth and sucked me slowly and gently for about ten seconds before pulling me out and standing up. 

"Do you feel more relaxed?" she asked. 

"Oh God, yes." I responded. 

"Good. That's what I wanted to hear."

She pulled up her panties and grabbed her shirt to start getting dressed. I had my pants back on but was still sitting in my chair when she came back to me and sat on my lap and snuggled back into me. She took my hands and wrapped them around her waist. 

"So you know," she said, "that's nothing. I'll fuck you so good next time you won't even believe it."

"If you give me ten minutes, we can do that tonight." I said. 

She stood up, stuck her butt out a little bit and turned her head back to me. With a coy little smile she said, "No, professor. I want you rested and ready. Until next week, I want you to think about this ass. I want you to think about me bent over this desk with my panties around my ankles. I want you to think about the tightest, wettest, warmest little pussy you've ever had. Because in one week, I want you to plow me with that monster cock of yours."