 He parked his car on a quiet residential street about three blocks away from his destination. Things hadn't been going well at home, and he didn't need anyone to see his car parked near a place like this. For a moment he thought about just hitting a bar, like usual, drinking a few and going home. But a deeper need was urging him onward, pushing him to go through with his plan. He had never...

As he walked he could finally see the rose colored sign rising above his destination The "Evening Sunrise Spa".

A nervous shiver coursed through his body as he reached the doorway and decided to go through with it. Four months without any sex had brought him to this place. He had heard stories about places like this, that the women were really sexy, that the massage was only a cover for the real purpose, etc. Soon he would know for sure.

As he stood in the dimly lit waiting area he began to shiver again. Suddenly the inner door opened and a dumpy woman in her late forties motioned him through it. "Oh great" he thought. "She reminds me of Aunt Sophie." His nervousness was replaced by a strong sense of disappointment. After all, if he were taking a chance like this it should at least be for something worth the risk. He had hoped that the girls would be at least good looking, if not absolutely drop dead gorgeous. He was interrupted by "Aunt Sophie's" gruff voice. "Well, you here for a massage?" she grunted, holding out a looseleaf note book toward him. "Prices are on the first page, girls are on the other pages."

Suddenly his entire day began to brighten up. As he paged through the notebook, he saw pictures of the three girls working tonight. They all appeared to be in their early twenties, and none of them were even faintly like "Aunt Sophie". He was especially attracted to the redhead, and told "Aunt Sophie" she would be it. "Well, what do you want?" she snorted, flipping back to the first page and stuffing the book back into his hands. After a moment he decided to take the hour long massage with the Jacuzzi. "Jacuzzi ain't working tonight. How about the shower? It's the same price." she growled. He agreed to that, and placed $85.00 in her outstretched hand. She pointed to another door and said "Go in there." This old broad was really getting on his nerves. 

Alone in the room, he began to look around. There was the expected massage table, towels, oil etc. In a dimly lit corner was a large shower enclosure with a sliding glass door. He heard a soft knock on the door. and the girl in the notebook stepped into the room. She was even more beautiful in real life. Her deep red hair was tied in a ponytail that fell over her shoulder and down the front of an incredible chest. Under the bright yellow tube top she wore he could see small, perky breasts, nipples standing out against the fabric. She wore a pair of denim shorts that fit perfectly around her young body. 

"Hi. I'm Lisa. Sophie told me that you wanted a shower massage." 

He was jolted out of his daydreams by the name Sophie. "Is that her name?" he asked in shock.

"Yes. Why? Do you know her?

"Well, no. But I was just thinking... Well, she reminds me of an aunt I had named Sophie... It's just that she's..."

"Oh, don't let her fool you. When she's not in her business mood she can be downright pleasant. She's just having some problems now. She really is a nice person. And she's a great boss to work for."

Lisa stepped over to the towel rack and started to get the towels for the shower. "You can get comfortable, and then we'll get started." She gave a playful tug at her tube top and said "When you're ready, you can have this", winking at him as she turned away.

Once again he was lost in a dreamworld as he watched her petite body gliding around the room. He guessed she was about 5'1", slender and very delicate in appearance. As she stepped near him he reached out to caress her shoulder. She quickly pulled back, smiled and said "Not so fast. You have to get undressed first. House rules. Sometimes we get vice cops in here, and they scare me. You're not a cop, are you?"

"No! I ... Well, I mean..."

She winked at him again, gave a little laugh and said "Well, you have to undress first. That puts everything in the right place. Cops won't do that."

Somewhat embarrassed he began to unbutton his shirt as she turned to tune a country station on the radio next to the massage table. Turning away he removed the rest of his clothes. By now he was getting excited, and his erect manhood stood out as he turned back toward Lisa.

With a twinkling smile in her eye, Lisa quickly pulled off the tube top, held it out and said "Here. I told you you could have this." Stepping toward the shower she gracefully slid the denim shorts to the floor, revealing the most perfect body he had ever seen. Her small breasts gave way to a flat, perfectly smooth stomach. Her light red pubic hair was neatly trimmed in a heart shape. "You like?" she asked.

He was speechless, as she turned to start the water in the shower. When it was just right, she reached over, took him by the hand and pulled him toward it. "C'mon. lets get wet!" 

Standing in the warm water, he felt her small hands rubbing his shoulders and back with pleasantly scented body wash. She reached around to rub his chest and abs. Suddenly he was glad for all the sit-ups and workouts to keep them in shape. 

Now it's my turn" she said, handing the bodywash container to him. She closed her eyes, stepped back toward the water and clasped both hands behind her head. His hands were shaking with excitement as he gently massaged her breasts and stomach. He reached around to her back, moving his hands down to cover her ass. She moved closer, and his fully erect penis rested against her navel. Reaching down she lightly fondled it and said, "You know, I forgot about this little fellow." Kneeling down in front of him she began to slowly stroke the length, lubricating it with the body wash. "You know, I think these are so fascinating. No two are the same."

As she continued to stroke his manhood, he could feel the urge to let loose building rapidly. He started to pull back as his thighs tightened in anticipation. She smiled, winked and said "Relax & enjoy. This is part of the massage. Four strokes later he lost control and shot all over the shower stall. She tried to catch the load in her hand, but the force shot over her shoulder, against the wall, in her hair... He turned bright red in embarrassment, and began to apologize. "No, don't worry. I appreciate it when a man gets so excited over me." Smiling, she stood up next to him, taking a shampoo container from the rack and poured it in her hair. "You know, I really love to have a man massage my scalp." 

Working up a lather, he could see that she really did enjoy this. Her hair was even a deeper red under the flowing water, and she was beginning to rock back and forth as he massaged. After almost five minutes of this, she stepped under the shower again to rinse. He was wishing that he could just be a drop of water, rolling down from top to bottom. 

She turned off the shower and led him out by the hand, taking the towels she had placed on the table. She gently dried him, then he watched in wonder as she dried herself. When she was finished, she winked at him, reached down and stroked his revived member. "I see this guy hasn't had enough yet." she grinned. "You know, I have something special for that. I can do a breast release, or a thigh release to take care of him."

His erect penis twitched excitedly as he asked what that was. "Well, for the breast release, you sit on the edge of the table and lie back. I pour oil on you, and on me. Then I kind of squeeze him between my breasts and..."

"I'd really like that" he replied. Sitting back on the table he began to lie back. "Well, there's just one thing. The hand release in the shower is part of the massage. Strictly speaking, this is considered extra..." "Oh, I'm sorry. I just got carried away. How much?" Smiling again she replied "Well, I can't actually quote a price for anything like that. But if it's a tip because you like the massage..." Reaching over he took his wallet out of his pants pocket. Pulling out three $20.00 bills he held them out. "Would this be good enough?" She took the cash, put it under her clothes on the floor and said "Great. Now lie back and enjoy." 

This is going to be great, he thought as she began to pour the oil on him. Although her breasts were on the small side, they were still more than enough to cover the area here. As she bent over him, she held her breasts firmly on each side of his erect cock. Squeezing them together gently she began to sway back and forth with the music from the radio. Her eyes closed, and in a moment she was lost in her own pleasure. Reaching for his hands she placed them one at a time on the sides of her breasts so he was holding them tight around himself. The oil was warming up, and she was picking up speed in her motions. Bending forward she lightly kissed his abs, just above his navel.

Suddenly he felt her body start to tremble as she pumped up and down around him. Then he realized that her hands were below the edge of the table. When her shoulders began to rock back and forth he was sure. She was fingering herself as she brought him closer to the brink! She was breathing hard, in short gasps, as her hands furiously probed her own wetness. 

He couldn't hold out any longer. With a groan he shot cum all over her, splashing off the bottom of her chin, down her neck and up into her face. But she didn't notice. Her body was quivering with lust, her moans now growing louder. When he couldn't take any more on his now spent manhood he tried to pull away. Her eyes opened momentarily, and she crawled onto the table next to him. Lying face down she buried her hands again in her mound, and gasped "Please, hold me. Lay on top of me!!!" 

With the weight of his body on top of her, she buried her fingers deep in her slippery lips, humping her ass as if she was fucking the table. In seconds she rode her own hands to a shuddering orgasm that threw her into fits of ecstasy. It was all that he could do to keep from being bounced off the table. After what seemed like an hour she slowed down, gasping for air, quivering and shaking. 

A calm after glow descended on the two lying entwined together. Like an explosion, a knock banged out on the door. "Lisa, Ya got five more minutes..." Good old "Aunt Sophie"... Damn her!!

Lisa was the first to move. Sheepishly she looked at him. "I'm sorry. I got carried away..." 

Sorry? this was the greatest he had ever had! Rolling from the table she took him by the hand. "We'd better get cleaned up. This oil is all over!" she winked at him. Once again in the shower they both covered each other's bodies with special care. Not a word needed to be spoken. As they dried off she asked if he might come back. "Absolutely!!! I want more of this!!!"

Once again, a knock exploded on the door. "C'mon Lisa. There's other customers out here..."

Silently they dressed. Lisa led him out of the room to a back door. "I hope you come back soon." 

"Oh, I will. You can count on it."

As he walked away Lisa stopped. She hadn't even gotten his name! She thought to herself "I really hope he comes back. He seems different than the rest." 

"Aunt Sophie" was waiting. "What's the matter with you? Don't you know we're busy? There's a guy out there that wants a half hour." 

It was going to be a long night...