 This is my first story and I'd like to thank Purpleguy1812 for all of his help. Please leave any feedback that will encourage and help me to write again. Thanks.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It had been a long day filled with more stress than usual. She needed to relax and now that she was home she finally could. Chrissie put down her bag and purse on the table by the door and kicked off her heels. She headed toward the stairs pulling her suit jacket off and leaving it hanging over the bottom of the banister. She continue to climb the stairs quickly unbuttoning the small pearl buttons on her silk shirt and dropped it on the table in the hall leading to both her master bedroom and bathroom. She unzipped her skirt and pulled it down letting it stay where it pooled around her ankles. She hadn't worn pantyhose as the temperature was unusually high for this time of year. She reached behind her back to release her bra and let her plump breasts fall out of it as she threw it on the edge of the bed. Then she rolled the lace bikini underwear down her long legs and let them drop on the floor. She pulled her long, thick, wavy, brown hair from the conservative twist at the back of her head and let it tumble down her back. 

She entered her master bathroom and flipped on the low lights. She had splurged on this room but she decided to do it once and do it right. It was her own get-away on days like today. She had the slightly sunk in Jacuzzi tub with the adjustable jets that hit all the right spots. She had a huge shower surrounded by a wall of glass that she headed for now. It had several showerheads that you could turn on if you wanted, giving the effect of your standing under a waterfall. She turned all of them on and regulated the temperature on the showerheads. She stepped into the falling water and let it cascade down the front and back of her body. Her hair quickly became wet and ran down her breasts and then dripped off her pink areola, her nipples already becoming erect. 

The water ran down her almost flat belly and over her trimmed mound before it made its way down the front of her legs. She placed her hands up on the wall and shifted one leg so her back curved and the water followed along her spine and poured over her rounded ass before continuing down the back of her legs. Suddenly she felt hands lightly gathering her hair and slowly running through her long silky strands as he then gently caressed her body. He had become aroused as soon as he walked into the bathroom and saw her under the water in such a sexy position. He had quickly undressed and she was so absorbed in her own little world, with her eyes closed and her mind focused inward that she hadn't heard him come in. She started to turn toward him but he stilled her with his hands on her shoulders. His fingertips traced down her spine and fell to her hips as he pulled her against the front of his body, his hardness pressing into her. He held her close and inhaled her scent that he loved to drown himself in. He loved the feeling of his rougher skin and hard body against her silky, soft skin and more rounded body.

Moments passed as she relaxed back against him as the rest of the stress from the day dissolved. He took her shoulders and turned her to face him as he looked down at her and slowly traced his fingers down the sides of her beautiful face. The shower heads above continued to pour down and he reached around her and lowered them until they felt a lighter spray of water raining down with a fine warm mist of water surrounding them as they stood together in one another's arms, gazing into each other's eyes. He began to massage her, concentrating on her neck and shoulders as her body pressed against the front of him. Their lips touched together slowly as he pushed his tongue into her mouth and rubbed it against hers. She pulled back slightly and lightly bit his full bottom lip, licked it and then opened her mouth against his welcoming his tongue back into her mouth. They kissed like this for several minutes as the water cascaded down around them.

His eyes locked on hers as both of them felt the passion for one another building and coursing through their bodies. Kissing his chin, she gently lowered herself onto her knees in front of him, kissing and tonguing his body as she went. His already hard cock proudly bobbed in front of her face. As she grinned up at him, her hand caressed his balls as she breathed her warm breath onto his member. It twitched in front of her and a soft sigh escaped his lips as his hands pushed through her long brown hair. She ran her tongue across his rod, kissing it as he became harder in front of her eyes.

'Such a big boy' she giggled as her mouth wrapped around his erection, she licked the top of his head slowly, sucking and playing with him as he groaned and pressed his fingers into her scalp and ran them through her hair. She swallowed him whole, his eight inch rod pushed down her throat and the feeling of her warm moist mouth completely engulfing his erection was electrifying. He gently rocked against her lips and slowly pushed his pulsing cock deep into her throat then withdrew it slowly. Her hands kept playing with his balls then stroking his shaft as he pulled out of her mouth. He looked down at her loving the sight of her head bobbing up and down on his member. He was acutely aware of how beautiful her tits were, glistening in the water. Her moans vibrated around his cock as she sucked hard while swirling her tongue around the sensitive head . It didn't take much of this before it pushed him over the edge.

Grabbing onto her hair sharply he took a long deep breath, then grunted in pleasure and his mouth opened wide as a drawn out cry of bliss escaped his lips. 

'Mmmm, Chrissie!' he called out as his dick shuddered in her throat then released its payload of warm cum. Her mouth was coated with his thick, creamy, white cum that she swallowed. She grinned up at him as she licked her lips. 

'My turn.' She said standing up as he gently lifted her by her hands. She rested her back against the shower wall and smiled at him as he held both of her full, glorious tits in his hands. He began to gently massage them, rolling her nipples around between his fingers as he pulled and pinched them. She pushed her hair across her forehead then spread her arms out with her palms against the wall and moaned in pleasure. He took her breasts into his mouth, one at a time and he sucked and lightly bit at her areola, teasing her nipples with his tongue as he held her huge mounds while she writhed against the shower wall groaning in pleasure. Her breasts, especially her large nipples, were very sensitive and she felt a warm feeling of bliss explode down her body from her breasts and straight to her pussy.

He bent down to his knees and traced his finger along her slit before he pushed two fingers up between her pink, moist folds and her wet pussy opened up for him as he pressed his fingers deep into her body. She pushed down on his fingers trying to draw them deeper. He licked and kissed along her inner thighs before he opened her pussy to his eyes and tongue. He licked between her labia up to her neglected clit. He sucked and flicked it with his tongue gently before he moved down to her pussy and licked around his fingers. He continued to go between her pussy and her clit as he pushed his fingers up over the ridge inside her and curled them to rub her g-spot. He began to move his fingers more rapidly while his tongue moved along her juicy slit and pressed down on her clit. As all the sensations intensified, she cried out his name, her body pressed and writhed against the wall, as her pussy moved on his fingers. Her breasts also bounced and moved erotically as he looked up at her from below. He smiled and watched happily as she pushed down one final time on his fingers then cried out as her whole body shook violently and her pussy spasmed and grabbed at his fingers. 

'Fuck Richie! Oh my god!' She screamed out as her juices exploded out and slid down his hand and onto his lips as he removed his fingers completely and attacked her pussy, pushing his mouth against her and sliding his tongue as far into her as he could. He was desperate to clean up all her nectar that was released from her climax. She looked down at him, running her fingers through his hair and pulled up a bit.

"Now do me, Richie. Fuck me with your big, hard cock." She continued to catch her breath as she turned and placed both of her hands on the wall next to them and looked over her shoulder at him. She spread her legs farther revealing her glistening pussy as he stood up behind her, his cock hard again from the sight of her cumming and of her wet body along with her dirty words. He slapped her ass a few times playfully as she shuddered in pleasure and pain. His cock pushed up against her wet slit as he teased her slowly. He ran his hard member along her tight, wet hole as she shuddered, clearly desperate to be claimed.

"Are you ready, my little bitch?" He said playfully.

"Oh God, Richie. Yes, Please! Do me! I wanna be your slut!" She said, knowing her words excited him as she played out one of his fantasies. 

"Mmmm, I can't say no to my little slut when she begs." He growled happily as he thrust his erection deep into her, filling her tight pussy and hitting her cervix as he pushed as deep as he could. His fingers dug into her hips as he took her hard and wildly. She loved the feeling of his first thrust, the way his large head always stretched out her tight lips as he slid into her body with one long stroke. He continued to pound against her as his balls slapped against her ass with each thrust of his hips. They both moaned as the wild coupling continued. 

He grabbed some of her hair and pulled on it lightly. "Is this what you needed my little whore? You needed a good, hard fucking didn't you?" He said as he continued to push into her tight, wet tunnel. Suddenly, she cried out as his words pushed her over the edge. Her pussy tightened around his cock and squeezed it pushing him into his orgasm too. He pressed into her deeply and released his hot load inside her and into her womb. His cock continued to twitch as it released a few jets of his thick cum into her. Finally, they both were spent. 

They stepped under the water one final time to rinse off and kissed each other as the water fell over them. He turned off the water and put his arm around her as they left the shower and picked up the big, soft, thick towels. They dried off and then walked into the bedroom. They pulled down the silk sheets and crawled into bed. 

"Thanks, my love. I love you, Chrissie." He said quietly. 

She responded: "I love you too, my Richie." They quickly fell asleep in each other's arms knowing this is what it felt like to be at home.