 So it happened again. My clothes fell off my body. I don't know how he does it, those brown eyes, that smile, that goatee. His voice, masculine and strong, those arms, that ass. Wow..

He came to visit me this weekend. We don't get a lot of time together, I am in school and he works a very full time job. The past two weeks have been stressful and intensely frustrating, so seeing him was well worth the wait. He knocked on my door, and smiled at me when I opened it, naked. He walked in and kicked off his shoes, and we sat on the sofa together, talking about the day.

Then he held my hand and we walked to my bedroom. He had professed a need to snuggle, and so we spooned up, kissing each other's ears, necks, touching and exploring. then he rolled over and put his arms around me, holding me close to his body. His lips were soft, gentle, but purposed as he explored my neck and ears, nibbling on my lobes just enough to get my attention. his hands found my breasts, and he gently squeezed them, rubbing his thumbs over my erect nipples. He rolled over on top of me, and lay between my legs, still clothed. I could feel his penis firm against my leg, and he gently thrust against my hips.

"This week has been too long, too rough and a pain in my ass," he said as he got up and unbuttoned his shirt. I smiled at him and beckoned him to me.

"I have been needing some good nookie all week, care to join me?"

He smiled at me as he unzipped his jeans, and pulled them down with his boxers in one motion. He stood there and looked at me lying naked on the bed. 

"What are you looking at, sweetheart?" I asked, smiling at the hungry look in his eyes.

"You."

With that he climbed back onto the bed, between my legs, and nestled up to my body. He reached down and gently touched my mound, rubbing softly and in circles. He lay down on me, with his cock rubbing against me and he began to kiss me, tugging at my lips, nibbling my neck, and stopping at my breasts to play a bit. All the while, he was rubbing his cock against my clit slowly. I moaned at the pleasure, and then he shifted his hips lower and I felt his cock at the entrance of my pussy, and then he moved inside of me so slowly it was like torture. He would push in a bit and then pull almost out, then in a bit farther, slowly, an then pull almost all the way out. In again, half way this time, filling me with his hard cock. Again in, deeper this time and then then finally he was buried deep within my body. He lay there, motionless between my legs, belly to belly, chest to chest, looking deep inside my eyes.

"I love you," he said.

Then he began to move slowly and rhythmically, in and out, taking time to push in against me as he was completely inside. Again he pushed in, rubbing the base of his cock against my clit, sending sparks from my hips outward. I moaned and he responded by moving faster now, thrusting deeply into my body. I love the feeling of his cock inside me- hard, but soft; firm but gentle; teasing me and filling me with him. He brought my right leg up over his left shoulder and began to thrust faster and deeper, bumping my clit with each stroke. I could feel his cock growing, preparing for orgasm deep inside me. 

I felt my own climax beginning and my hips were moving in time with his, my pussy squeezing that hard cock, coaxing him closer to the edge. He let out a soft moan, and looked deeply into my eyes, a drop of sweat falling onto my chest. His smell is clean, masculine and very pleasant. His motions against my body were becoming more frantic, faster and harder. He propped himself up on his arms and thrust faster. I could see in his face that he was about to cum, his eyes fixated on the way my breasts moved as we made love.

Then it happened- his motions were not rhythmic, but jerking as he thrust in hard and fast, a sense of extreme urgency, his gaze fixed on my eyes, a groan and a sigh of relief as he filled me with his cum. He continued to move against my body as I came just after him, striking my clit with very firm, grinding motion. 

We lay intertwined together for a few moments, I could feel his cock throb and then withdraw from my body. We lay together, giving sweet kisses, sweet nothings, and ten shared our dreams together.