 Clarissa, known to her friends as CJ, woke up naked, flat on her back. Richard Wentworth III lay naked next to her. She shivered and realized that she was cold. She was covered in goose bumps, and her nipples stuck out like light switches, a glance at the fireplace revealed that the fire was almost out. She crawled over to the wood pile and re-stoked the fire. It was blazing away again in no time. She rubbed her nipples while she sat and enjoyed the heat

Handling the wood had caused some lament. Richard Wentworth III had overindulged on the expensive Scotch last night. He hadn't been able to achieve wood, despite her ministrations, and he had passed out in front of the fire. CJ had slept too, frustrated and unsatisfied. At that moment a clock somewhere in the house struck three. CJ decided that she was going to lie back on the rug and use her hands to bring herself off. She didn't care if III woke up or not. She was horny and he hadn't helped her when he had the chance. 

"Sometimes, a girl has to help herself!" She said out loud. She looked over at III who still slept, oblivious on the deck. He had finally gotten a boner. It looked like a great one too. CJ loved a pretty dick. She liked a dick that was smooth, clipped, evenly coloured, not too long (III's appeared to be just longer than average at about 7") and not too big around. She liked a well defined head and a large ridge defining it. III was uncut but that wasn't a show stopper. She could make out the shape of his helmet through the foreskin in the light from the fire. She crawled back to the sleeping man and carefully pulled his foreskin back so she could get a closer look at the head of his dick. It was big and round, tinted slightly purple in the firelight. 

CJ had already decided to fuck him, last night. That hadn't happened but there was no reason it couldn't happen now. He was ready, his dick was pretty enough and she was frustrated. Dropping her hand between her legs she began rubbing herself. Soon a finger went inside and she closed her eyes. Before she knew it she had three fingers in her pussy and was finger fucking herself with abandon. She was wet and stopped. III still sported a stiffy that pointed straight up. CJ decided to go for it. She licked the juices from her fingers and stood up to straddle him. 

She had a decision to make. Cowgirl or reverse? As her partner was passed out; she opted for reverse and spun around before lowering herself down onto his boner. Gently, at first, not to wake him she worked the bulbous head inside the lips of her pussy. She smiled to herself, it felt pretty good.

"Yay III," she sang quietly, "nice Johnson." She slid the rest of the way down on it and adjusted herself slightly. She had her feet next to his hips and her toes pointing towards his pits. If he opened his eyes he would be staring straight at her ass. She wanted maximum penetration as well as maximum friction. With her hands on the floor by his knees she raised up and down. That was good. She tried rocking on him. That was even better. She looked over her shoulder, he slept. She kept rocking. She was getting close to climax when she heard a yelp of surprise and there was a slight interruption in her rhythm. III had woken up. His hands moved to her hips before his fingertips slid down over her butt cheeks. His thumb pressed against her anus. He didn't try to push it in but he poked and prodded with it. He rubbed it in small circles. She peaked and stopped moving, clenching instead. He took over the motion and kept pumping. Finally, she could stand it no longer and abruptly lifted herself from his cock. At that moment he started to cum. Spunk flew and landed on her back, it landed on her ass, and on his stomach and chest.

She looked at his feet, his toes were curled under and he was moaning deeply. She lay still while he finished his fingers began scraping cum from her ass and he used it as a lube to insert them into her ass.

"Is that what you want next?" she asked without looking at him.

"Uh huh." He said.

She reached back and checked the condition of his wood. It still felt good. She wiped the goo from her back and onto his cock then moved a little closer to his feet. She sat up a little and lowered her anus onto the big helmet that was the head of his dick. If she could get this first part in the rest would be easy. She pushed down as he began to push up. They both moved slow and easy. There was a sense of relief when the ridge popped in and she pushed a little harder. III raised his hips until he was fully inside and the thrusting began again. CJ bit her bottom lip and decided not to be aggressive but to just enjoy it. She let him pump and she came again. He came again too, shortly after her and the feel of the warm love juice spurting in her ass did it for her yet a third time.

She had cum once with him in her pussy and twice more with him in her ass. He had lived up to his name and she wondered how long he would be able to keep this kind of pace up. She wanted it to last forever.

The clock struck four.