 My name is "Michael" and I am an American soldier. I am stationed overseas. This story is true, but I've changed our names to protect our privacy. As I am a soldier my body is relatively fit. My wife has brown hair, brown eyes. She is thin, but she doesn't think so and her breasts are ample. At full staff I'm close to seven and a half inches. I'm telling you this so you can picture in your head what I had the extreme privilege to experience.

Coming home on leave to my wife, Catherine, after having some marital issues I was a bit worried to tell you the truth. Our marriage had become stale, and our love life was just a dying ember of the flame it once was. I got off the plane not expecting much, but was so happy to embrace my seven year old son by baggage claim. The drive back home was uneventful and I was told how my son was doing in school and how a recent trip for them to see our family went.

I certainly didn't expect what happened after dinner though. My wife got my son ready for bed and we tucked him in for the night. We went back to the bedroom and decided to watch a movie on netflix and call it a night. I was dead tired from jet lag and didn't mind the thought. I knew it would take time to fix things, and was just happy to be home.

My wife seemed restless and kept talking. She kept rubbing on me, and then she started to try and tickle me. You see there is one spot on my body where I can be tickled no matter what. I don't like the idea, but my wife likes the idea of using it to torture me at times. I also know what it means... it's something we like to call the tickle game. It means we want sex, and fast. I began to tickle my wife, back and I got hard fast. My wife threw off her pajamas, and I always sleep naked anyhow. She climbed on top of me and started to kiss me. She reached down and spread her pussy lips and rested them on the shaft. She likes to torture me a little in this manner as well. I don't get to put it in her pussy, and she just slowly grinds it up and down my shaft. The sensation is amazing. She grinds against me really hard and puts her mouth by my ear and moans softly. I start going crazy but every time I move she stops. After a few minutes I just say "please?"

This is where she reaches down and guides my now throbbing cock into her pussy. I can't help myself. I grab her ass and start to go slow at first. I was pushing down hard on her ass to accent every thrust to the deepest penetration. I like to torture her a little too, and I know she wants me to go fast, but I start slow. She leans all her weight on me and moans more loudly now. She grabs my arms and digs her nails in. I like a little pain with my pleasure and it makes me desire her even more. I start to increase my pace, and she moans even louder. She grabs even tighter and grips those nails in even more. I can tell it's been a while for her as I feel her thighs begin to quiver, and her pussy begins to tighten. She starts to hold her breath and her legs are shaking so I maintain that pace. I "thought" she was cumming. Her juices started to flow down between our legs and she finally started breathing again. I, however, was wrong. I knew it was time for me to get mine so I began to pummel her poor pussy. My mind was bliss, and my pace was frantic. I began to grow as I breathed heavily and then I felt it. She began to moan uncontrollably.

UHHH, UHHH, UHHH!!! I heard from her sweet lips. She climaxed hard and dug her nails into my triceps. This time I KNEW she was coming. I kept going and she tried to escape it. She didn't want me to move. I held her against my body and reached down for her clit with my hand. I ground it hard and she gasped. She tried climbing up me to escape and slammed her head into the headboard. I kept going and her whole body spasmed, and she was letting out the cutest little sound. It's something like a moan and a growl at the same time. My fingers were drenched. I reached up and put them in her mouth when she begged me to stop. She sucked my fingers deep in her mouth and hard. She was like a starving beast just receiving food. The sensation sent shivers down my spine. I guided my cock back in and went crazy again. Something was terribly wrong though. Without liquor and sex deprived I still couldn't cum. I just kept going and going. She started to whisper into my ear.

"Cum for me honey, cum in my pussy! I want you to come in my pussy so bad." Even with this I couldn't cum, yet. I needed something more. 

"Hurt me, babe," I said and she said "what?!" 

"Fucking HURT me!" I said louder this time. "What do you want me to do?" She asked.

"I don't care what you have to do, make me bleed. I don't care anymore, babe, just HURT me." I said loudly. She leaned forward and bit down hard at the base of my neck like a vampire. It hurt terribly, but it awoke something inside me. I began to fuck her with more vigor that I had ever done in my life. I wasn't me anymore. I was a beast and I hungered for pain and pleasure. I heard her start moaning again this time more loudly and she came hard. When I felt her legs shaking and her body tense I too began to shake. I could feel an earthquake coming. I lost the ability to see or breathe. I came rivers. I came and came and came. As I was nearing the end of the climax I tried to stop her from moving and she wouldn't stop. It felt like lightning was coursing through my body. I grabbed her to hold her body still and the grabbed it with her hand and focused all her attention on the head. I thought I would die, and yet I was okay with this. I came just a little more. She collapsed on me and we lay there. We were just panting covered in sweat, and cum.

Eventually we were able to move. We got up and cleaned up. We put on some pajamas, and got something to drink. We went outside to smoke on our front porch, but we were clearly exhausted. 

The next day we dropped my son off at school and went shopping. We ate lunch with him at the school, and went shopping again. When he was done with school we went bike riding and afterwards I cooked barbecued chicken on the grill. Once he was in bed again it was time to watch netflix and snuggle. We normally don't have sex often, and my wife is usually very timid. This time she was very bold. "I'm hurting she said, and I don't think I can have sex tonight, but" she paused and then finished. "I want to." 

"Can I give you a blow job?" she said. Here's the problem though... It sounds wonderful, but in reality the stamina in her neck isn't that great. She always has to end up just giving me a hand job, but even then I have to finish. I always end up coming on her face which is good for me, but it never really felt that great. I wasn't going to argue with a blow job, though.

As she started it was as always, but then... "Let me see how far I can go." My mind went blank. Who was this woman, and what had she done with my wife. She went down until I hit the back of her throat, and she began to gag. She didn't go back up. She stayed there and continued gagging on my cock. The sensation was amazing. "FUUUUCCCKKK!" I said.

"What?" She said and looked up. I said "that feels amazing!" She started the blow job again and when she needed a break she would just gag herself on my cock. It was amazing, but it's not easy getting me to cum. Eventually she got tired, and at this point completely amazed me when she said this... "I'm too tired to go on, so... I want you to fuck my face." It was such a turn on I grabbed her head immediately and began to fuck her face as she had asked. She was gagging, and choking. Slobber poured from her mouth, but she just kept going. She stopped me only to breathe. The sight itself was turning me on. I put her back to the headboard and got on my knees. I began to fuck her face with vigor and she just kept taking it. I had never felt such a sensation and sensed my climax coming. I then had the most powerful orgasm of my life. As I began to cum I couldn't move or breathe. I couldn't see, but I felt her hands grab my ass and she started bobbing on my cock with a vengeance. I came in her mouth. She doesn't like to swallow so cum was raining out of her mouth onto her tits and drooling down her chin and neck. When I had stopped she just kept going. She paused to spit the cum out and then sucked my dick until it was limp. 

I know this is going to sound crazy, but when I looked down on this crazed creature looking up at me. With her face glazed in my cum sucking me as I went limp... I saw her as the most beautiful creature to have ever graced God's planet. The rest of my two weeks of leave were as eventful. I've come to realize this, as our marriage is much better now, sex isn't always the answer. Sometimes, however, great sex can really help as long as you are honest with each other. I'm back from leave now, and I miss her so I'm going to send this to her, and then spend some quality alone time "hurting" myself while thinking about going home to her again.