 I feel you close to me, your warm naked body spooning mine. I feel your soft moist lips kissing my neck, your nose reveling in my hair, your hot breath tickling my neck. I stir and roll to my back. You continue kissing my neck and move to my shoulders, showering them with soft wet kisses. I feel your hand on my breast, cupping it and squeezing it gently. Your fingertips circle my areola. Your mouth moves closer to my nipple, but not touching it. Your tongue circles and teases my areola. I moan softly and doze back off to dreamland. 

The vision in my head is you. You have me in your arms holding me close, your chest mashed against mine, your hips grinding into me. I hear you whispering in my ear, “Sal, Sal, sweet Sal I want you to cum for me. Cum hard Sal.” I feel you deep inside of me. My vagina, its velvety walls viscid and tight, hugs your cock eagerly. I feel your long hard shaft stiffen inside of me. My pussy reacts, contracting quickly around your cock. Together we find release and cum, moaning loudly and grunting, our bodies shaking and dewy. Breathlessly we kiss and hold one another, enjoying the rapture of lust.

I stir, and try to move my arms. I feel your mouth on my breast again and lie still. I moan softly and again drift into a dream state.

Now you have me spread out before you, naked and sleeping. I feel your lips on my neck and then I feel you moving on the bed. My arms already spread wide; I stretch and arch my back. Before I realize what you have done to me, I feel your fingertips teasing along my sweet, creamy white thighs. Shivers run up my body and I moan. I take a deep breath and feel your fingertips peeling open my flower, your tongue swiping along the length of my slit. I try to reach for your head, but find I cannot move my hands.

With your thumb, you slowly push back the hood covering my clit, circling it, teasing me. I become more alert, but am unable to speak. Your tongue now probes deep within me, fucking my sweet cunt. All I can manage are soft moans and whimpers of pleasure. I tip my head up to see you. You look up at me with a devilish grin on your face, shiny with my love honey. I realize my situation and see there is nothing I can do but enjoy this treat.

Your face disappears back between my legs and you begin fucking me in earnest with your tongue. My hips buck up and my body quivers. I feel you moan into my pussy and it pushes me over the edge. I cum hard and moan, my body thrashing about at the wondrous torture you are delivering to me. I am breathless and my body is glowing. You stop briefly, letting me think I can catch my breath. Before I know it you are at it again, licking and sucking on my hard pearl clitoris.

Knowing I am in for the treat of my life, I lie back and try to maintain some composure. My efforts, however, are as useless as an umbrella in a hurricane. Your tongue is eager and skilled. It licks through my folds and circles my clit, you slip a finger into my wetness, and I moan soft and low. I feel you stiffen your tongue. It stabs repeatedly into my cunt. My body at such a heightened state of arousal cannot take it any longer; I release another wave of orgasms. I hear you laugh softly, as I scream and my body spasms. Begging you to stop, I thrash about. You again stop briefly letting me think you are going to give me a rest.



Soon I feel you moving on the bed again, but now you are sliding up my body kissing your way up from my pussy to my navel. Your tongue dips into my navel, swirling around and darting in and out. Your tongue then continues kissing up my soft belly and onto my breast. I feel you suck my nipple into your mouth. Your teeth grab my nipple and nip at it tenderly. I gasp in surprise!

Your cock is dragging along my thigh. I can feel its heat, the hard shaft swollen with your hot blood, the head dripping with pre-cum. My hips thrust up and I moan your name. I want you and you know it. You have brought me to this unbelievable level of ecstasy. Your warm brown eyes look into mine and sparkle as you delight in the feelings you are releasing within me. “Vixen!” you whisper.

I smile and in one smooth motion I feel your cock head at my opening as you lean down to kiss me. As we kiss, you slip the head of your cock into my tight wet ready cunt. I moan into your mouth and you slide in deeper! With your strong hands on my shoulders, your lips on mine, your hard throbbing cock probes deep into my womanhood. You begin fucking me slowly and deliberately. Long smooth full strokes, feeding my pussy your shaft, you are fucking me and it feels like heaven. Oh, god baby, you are filling me, reaching places that have never been touched. Your cock stretching into me, my tight walls enveloping you, gripping, and hugging your cock. 

Suddenly I feel you reach up and untie my hands one at a time, and then my feet. I am free to hold you and move, but you have other ideas. In one smooth motion, you flip me over and lift my hips high; I feel your strong hands on my hips and your cock rubbing along my wet crevice. The rim of your head is teasing my clit. I moan into the pillows, my pussy pulsates. You wiggle your hips a little and then your cock slips into position. Just as before, in one smooth motion, you ram it deep into my cunt. I gasp as I feel the depth you are reaching, and I begin fucking back against you. Needing you, wanting you… 

I must have you, all of you. Fucking me hard I feel your balls slapping against my pussy as your cock slips in and out. This added stimulation just heightens the feelings and I force my ass up higher and feel you adjust the angle as you drive in deeper and deeper. Fucking wildly, all we can hear is skin slapping, grunts, and moans. The room fills with a symphony of sex. My body shudders and I cum hard, you feel my cunt grip and spasm around your cock but you keep on fucking me.

“Vixen,” I hear you whisper it again. I scream into the pillow, “Fuck me! Fuck me! Oh baby, fuck me!” Your cock penetrates me deep. You feel it! You have reached utopia. My body convulses and I cum hard. I feel your cock stiffen, your balls crawl up my ass and you push hard and deep inside of me. Your load of cream fills me, washing through me, as your cock slips and slides. I moan loudly and whimper… my body collapses, awash in utter ecstasy. I feel you kissing my back. I lay there shivering and shuddering, my nerves alive with wanton desire, my body exhausted from your sweet torture. You roll me over, you take me into your arms and we doze back to dreamland.