 The door banged against the coat rack as they walk in, eliciting a giggle from the tangle of bodies that was two coeds. One winter coat made it's way out of the mess and onto the rack, revealing a smiling blond for a brief second before she was swallowed by the much larger, green coated member of the pair. A few seconds later, the green coat lowers from the top down to show her bent slightly backwards under him for a kiss, as her hands run down his arms to push his coat off. 

She manages to grab the coat before it hits the floor, then breaks off the kiss for a second, to turn and place the coat on the rack. As she does, her partner pushes himself into her back, enfolding her in his arms and dragging his lips across her neck. Her head lolls to the right, and he draws back just a little before sinking his teeth into the tender flesh left exposed. Her hands drop to his thighs, clenching as she leans back into him.

Breaking off from her neck, his hand slides up to entangle in her hair, turning her head to face him. His voice rumbles out, thick and deep with desires,

"And just how d'u think we're going to get to your room at this rate?"

She moans slightly as she peels herself away from him, then holds his hand behind her as she guides him down the hall. His eyes stayed glued on her ass as it sways down the hall, at one point she looks over her shoulder at him, grinning slightly when she notices what he's looking at. She stops at the very end of the hall, then bends over at the waist to take off her shoes. Hooking his hands in the waistband of her blue jeans, he starts pulling them down and off her rounded ass. Her thong slides into view, springing back into place from where it had been dragged down by the jeans, the tiny black T of fabric leading down between her firm cheeks. Straightening up, her jeans hanging just below her hips, thong still hanging out, she pushes open the door and walks into the room. Stepping out of his shoes, he follows, stripping off his shirt to reveal a black wife beater underneath. He throws the shirt across the room, landing it on the bed under the window, while she starts pulling out her earrings, leaving the large silver hoops on the little wooden nightstand in front of her mirror. Turning, he grabs her, his hands coming up to to press against her breasts, and then sliding down to her hips.

He takes a deep breath, and presses forward with his chest so that she is forced to lean forward onto that little nightstand underneath the mirror. Her hands drop the earring and it clatters off onto the floor. She looks up at herself when the earring stops moving, seeming not to recognize the creature of lust reflecting back at her from the mirror, lips parted, eyes glazed over. His hands move slowly around her hips and back to her ass, thumbs sliding like twin fires underneath the waistband of her jeans. Slowly pulling the jeans down to her knees, he unzips and drops his pants while she steps from side to side, trying to loose her jeans the rest of the way. Before she finishes, his cock springs up, loosened when his jeans drop, and bobbing into place through the fly in his boxers. Her breath catches and her knees go weak as it rubs between her legs.

His fingers qiuckly moved her thong to the side before they line his cock up. Running the head up and down her lips just a couple times to spread her out, he presses just the head in. Her eyes close, then burst back open while she moans as his cock starts a slow descent into her body. Her arms and neck tense, holding her in place while he presses all the way in. Finally her moan dies off as he bottoms out in her. She pants quietly for just a couple seconds before he starts. One quick slap to the ass, and then he's fucking her. Each thrust bottoming out, before pulling back until just the head teases her lips. Every moan expertly pushed from her lips as he pulls her hips back onto his cock. Soon enough she's getting loud, her blond hair bouncing as it frames her beautiful face from where she's looking up at him in the mirror. His hand slides up to grasp her hair, making sure to turn her face towards the door. Wanting her to know that her roommates can hear her, wanting her to know that the door was wide open on purpose. She doesn't say a thing, just starts biting her lip, crying out each time as he starts to spank her. His other hand comes down onto her ass with loud smacks. Pulling her head back around with her hair, he slows his strokes, changing the angle so that he's above her ass, driving down into her g spot and sliding across it on every stroke. His hands wrap under her, caressing her tits through her green tank top, the tiny strings holding it up stretching under the fucking she's getting. The moans she's making change to longer, lower notes with every thrust. Her legs start trembling slightly when he lets go of her nipples, then pulls her hips hard back into him, his fingers digging into her hips again.. She cries out sharply, and he smiles, knowing the roommates had to have heard that one. Pulling back hard again, he pistons harshly into her. Her feet almost leaving the ground with every thrust. As her moans get louder, he pounds harder, and soon, on an outstroke, he pulls back too far and pops out. She immediately trembles and collapses onto the nightstand, barely able to hold herself up. Grabbing her before she falls all the way, he deposits her on the desk. 

Listening to the breath coming between her parted lips, accompanied by slight moans, looking at her brow, still furrowed in almost painful pleasure, he decides she's ok. Ditching the rest of his clothing, and pulling off her thong as well, he steps between her legs, driving his cock back into her in one smooth stroke. Once again, her head lolls back, this time she's moaning in almost painful ecstasy as his cock rubs against her sensitive clit on the entire way in. Out of reflex, her legs wrap up and around him, the knee socks oddly out of place during such an aggressive fuck. Picking her up off the desk, he walks out the door. 

She starts struggling as he heads past the bathroom to the kitchen. It may have been 3:00 at nite, but that doesn't mean her roomates didn't ever getup in the middle of the night. In fact, one was notorious for fixing ramen noodles at odd hours. Ignoring her sweaty limbs rubbing against him, he sets her on a stool in the kitchen, leaning her back against the counter. She's forced to hold onto the counter to keep her balance, and he immediately rocks the stool back with his first thrust.

She nearly yells as he takes her, her legs wrapped around him, not sure whether to pull him tighter or push him away. A primal rhythm soon reverberates through the apartment. The slap of skin on skin, the clump of the stool legs coming back down to rest, and her yelp of pleasure with each thrust. Looking down at his cock pistoning in and out of here she stares at where they're joined together. Pulling out of her again, he rubs up across the top of her slit, then down and back up into her, bottoming out in one quick push. Pulling back across her clit again, he smirks at her lust filled cry, and starts pounding again, almost as though he's trying to see if he can knock her off the stool and onto the ground. Her hands tighten on the countertop, each thrust pushes her sock covered legs up a little bit higher, making them bounce like a wobbleheaded doll.

Tiring of waiting for the stool to come back to rest before he can thrust again, he picks her up, his body starting to show fatigue, veins lacing his biceps while her carries her to the couch. Throwing her down, he pulls her legs up and together, then crosses them at the ankles to make her tighter for him. Her pants change to moans as he lines himself up, and then to another long and loud moan as he bottoms out in her. The increased tightness seems to finally slow him down. Each stroke becoming increasingly erratic as her moans fill the room again. His body starts clenching, and he presses hard into her as he pulls her legs apart, holding each one behind the knee as he prepares to finish. When he pulls back she nearly screeches at him, her sensitive clit rubbing against him the entire way out. His hips reverse in a spasm and he sinks back into her. Another thrust and her hips are pushing up into his, even as her face clenches and her nails sink painfully into the forearms of the arms holding her legs. It sounds like he's stabbing her, but every time he sinks into her, her hips rise up to meet him. Soon enough his thrusts become out of control, both of their faces tense and he starts coming, pushing forward as hard as he can, his cock pumping deep inside of her. He pulls back a little bit, pulling another scream from her lips, then pushes back forward again. Each pulse of his cock causes her to moan from deep in her throat as she tries to come down. Each time his hips pull his cock out of her, she tries to push him off, but each time he pushes forward she welcomes him again. Finally convulsing slowly with all of his weight on her, the two bodies start to relax, until he's laying on top of her, her knees still up by her tits. 

Gently disconnecting from her, he disappears into the hallway, then returns after the sound of a shower starting reaches around the corner. He gently picks her up from where she lays, exhausted beyond her power to move, cum slowly leaking out of her. Carrying her like a precious heirloom, he heads towards the shower to clean her up for bed.

-Will