 This is a quick story about the best “quicky” I ever had. It’s a memory I will keep with me forever. It wasn’t the usual fast and furious typical quicky. What I remember most are the circumstances that surrounded it.

There was a bar on the local college campus that had an opening for a bartender. It was an easy job to get since I had a couple of years of experience. Sunday nights were “dry” nights. I always worked these because they brought in a lot of young girls. 

I met Christa on one of those dry night parties. We hit it off from the start. By the third date, we ended up at my apartment for a couple of hours of great sex! Christa was one hot girl!

After about a month, she had invited me over to her house to meet her mom and dad. I knew that she was an only child, but I hadn’t expected her parents to be so over protective. They seemed to analyze every move I made. Oh, let’s not forget the appalled look on both of their faces that appeared when they found out I was but a lowly bartender. 

I wonder what the look on their faces would be if I told them that I had cum in their precious little daughters mouth several times and she never spilled a drop. “Yeah, Richard your daughter Christa is quite a good little cock sucker. She always swallows my cum and never spills a drop…” or something like that.

We found common ground and tolerated each other. 

One very steamy summer day, Christa called me and invited me over to her house for dinner. She said that we could watch a movie that she rented in the family room in their basement. I told her that would be great knowing that it would be a cool break from the days heat. I was hoping that there would be enough time for a good fuck and a movie!

“My mom is making Lasagna, so I hope you’re hungry,” she said.

“There going to be home?” I said, trying to hide my disappointment. “You know what they think about us spending time together in your basement. Strictly taboo!” I added, teasing her.

“They’re not that bad!” she said in protest.

“I was really hoping that we could have had some play time in your bedroom before we watched the movie,” I said with a pout.

“Well, so do I,” she said. “I’ve been so damn horny for you the last couple of days, I can’t stand it!” she added.

“”Well…” I said, coming up with a plan. “Tell them that my car broke down and you have to pick me up. I’ll be waiting here for you naked and hard.

“I want that too! Really bad. But mom already started making dinner. There wouldn’t be time,” she said. I was bummed.

“Just come over like the good boyfriend. And try to keep your hands out of my pants!” she said with a giggle.

“Well, if you look half as good as I think you will, I might end up with my hands in my own pants!” I said. We both had a good laugh and said our good byes.

When I got there, her mom let me in and gave me the same bland greeting that tolerant parents give to a boy that they don’t really approve of.

Christa stood on the bottom step and called up to me. I could see her but her mom couldn’t. She was wearing the familiar terrycloth jumper. She pulled it tight to show me how hard her nipples were!

I stammered out a greeting and practically ran down the steps to her. I pulled her out of sight around the corner and slid my tongue into her mouth and grabbed her ass. She kissed me back hard. My shaft was rapidly rising to the occasion. 

Christa held a finger to my lips silencing me. She led me to the couch that was well out of sight from upstairs. She went to the entertainment center, popped in the movie and turned the TV on at a low volume. 

She sat in a recliner in the corner of the room. I frowned at her for not sitting with me on the couch. 

I leaned over toward her chair and whispered to her “Why don’t you come over here next to me?”

“I’m wayyyyy to horny for that. I want you so bad right now, that I couldn’t keep my hands off you!” she whispered back.

“Yeah, I know! It’s been over a week and I’m going crazy!” I said. 

I had worn my usual sweat pants and sweatshirt and she could plainly see how hard I was. 

“I don’t think my mom is going to have any problem seeing how bad you want to fuck her daughter,” she whispered with a giggle, pointing at the rise in my sweats.

“How the hell am I going to hide it? Maybe I should go,”  I whispered back.

“Noooo, you have to stay,” she said with a pout.

We sat in silence for a while, not really watching the movie. She looked over at me again and saw that I was still trying to conceal my hard cock under my sweats.

I grinned at her and hooked my fingers under my sweats and pulled them down just far enough for my rigid cock to spring free. Her eyes widened and she just stared. Her hands pushed down into her crotch and put pressure on her pussy.

I slide my sweats back up and got up and stood in front of her. I pulled my sweats down again and held them there with one hand and started stroking my cock with the other.

Christa then spread her legs and pulled her jumper and panties aside, baring her mostly shaved pussy. She did the same as me, holding the material with one hand and masturbating with the other. She loved to masturbate for me and she was starting to get into it.

I went down to a kneeling position on the carpet between her legs and started stroking again. Our breathing got heavier and we kept going, bring ourselves closer to release.

She held out a hand in a motion that told me to stop. She listened to the sounds her mother was making in the kitchen for a bit. When she was satisfied that her mom was busy she motioned me to come close.

“How quick can you be?” she asked in a low whisper.

“What?” I asked in disbelief!

“I gotta have you in me. Just cum as quick as you can!” she whispered in a serious tone.

“But what if…” I started to say.

“Just shut up and fuck me!” she ordered in a whisper.

She held her pussy wide open for me and I closed the distance between us. This wouldn’t be difficult. I was way beyond horny! And with her mom so close she could hear as much as a moan, made the whole thing all the more intense.

Christa leaned forward and sucked me into her mouth and bobbed her head over as much as she could, getting my cock slick with saliva. She backed off and laid back in the chair, spreading her legs again.

No time to waste here! I leaned in and pressed the head of my cock between her tight lips. I felt her stretch around my cock and swallow it. I found a pace quick enough to make me cum, but one that didn’t make any noise. 

Christa’s fingers worked her clit fast and hard. She didn’t move her hips at all. She just let me fuck her. I knew it wouldn’t take long for her to cum either. We were both well on our way to orgasm when her mom dropped something with a loud bang!

I jumped back, my cock disappearing in my sweats and Christa hid herself as well. 

We heard the sound of her mom starting to wash the dishes. We both giggled out loud.

“Fuck! I was almost there!” she said in a frustrated whisper.

“Me too!” I told her.

She slid back down in the chair and bared her moist pussy once again. I pulled down my sweats and got in position again. I entered her easily this time. 

We quickly found that same rhythm that would bring us to orgasm. There is a certain way of a guy holding back an orgasm. I did just the opposite of that (guys you know what I mean). I was getting close faster than I ever have before. Christa’s fingers were moving fast in circles over her clit. She put a hand on my chest and pushed me back. Two fingers disappeared into her pussy and pumped. She took them out and I slid my cock back in. 

I knew what she was up to. She knows that I love to watch her masturbate. It really gets to me when she sucks her own cum off her fingers while she does it. When she slid her fingers into her mouth I could feel it in my balls.

She went back to masturbating. I sucked in a huge breath letting her know that I was there. I felt it start deep in my balls. When she felt the first surge of cum shoot out of my cock her orgasm hit. We both had gritted teeth and sweated foreheads. Christa’s fingers kept moving prolonging her orgasm as I shot more streams of cum in her sucking pussy.

The sounds kept coming from the kitchen easing our fears of getting caught. My softening cock slipped out of her pussy and I walked to the bathroom and cleaned up. I quickly exited and Christa went in to do the same. 

She came out of the bathroom looking refreshed and smiling. 

We kept catching glimpses of each other during dinner with her mom and dad. We knew what each other was thinking. I would surely be a dead man if her daddy knew that I had just shot a big load of cum in his daughter’s pussy just a few minutes before sitting down to dinner with them. 

We didn’t stay together more than a few months after that. It was pretty clear that I would never be good enough for their daughter. We ended it when Christa left for college.

Ahhhhh….memories…