 It wasn't really anything special about Professor Albano that made him stand out to Alice when she first walked into that classroom. He certainly had that mature attractiveness about him that men in their 40s sometimes acquired, and his beautifully Italian nose and tan skin as well as his salt and pepper hair made most of his female students swoon at least a little bit..

But Alice wasn't one to fall for men easily. She didn't find them handsome, or hot, or enticing in any way. For a long time, she had considered herself a lesbian.

When it came to Professor Albano, though, she found herself shifting in her seat, unable to focus on anything but that tingle she felt whenever his eyes landed on her. She was trying so hard to look alluring yet casual during the lectures that she wasn't catching a single word about Italian literature that leaving his mouth.

How good those hips would look if they were thrusting into her, if her legs were wrapped around them? How delicious his Italian accent would taste if he was moaning into her mouth? How perfectly the horny desperation would suit his dark brown eyes if they were looking down at her, kneeling in front of him?

Alice could physically feel her wet panties being pressed against her throbbing core, growing increasingly impatient while picturing the sensation of his warm, thick shaft sliding into her.

After that particular lecture, she had to hurry to a bathroom to silently bring herself to her climax, one hand covering her mouth, the other one three fingers deep inside herself.

And so she made a plan.

The first week, she wore a completely sheer black shirt that showed off her tiny waist with just a skin coloured top underneath it. She caught him looking at her a couple of times, doing double takes to figure out how much she was revealing to him. He seemed distracted that day.

The week after that, she wore a black lace top that was almost illegally low cut, presenting her plentiful cleavage generously and almost unavoidably to anyone in front of her. She felt daring that day and attempted to hold eye contact from her seat multiple times. Professor Albano stopped strutting from one side of the room to the other then.

Eventually, she turned to wearing a scandalously short black dress that would expose her tight butt if she even lifted her arms ever-so-slightly, fishnet tights and thigh-high velvet boots. He had visibly blushed at her sight. She felt ridiculous in this attire as it was in no place workplace appropriate, but she was growing desperate and it would serve perfectly for when he'd finally bend her over his desk and could immediately and easily access her waiting lap.

Every night she tried to find the perfect lookalike of Professor Albano in porn to hungrily stare at while she was getting herself off, but none of them were quite like him.

She also grew more active during his lectures, trying to ask critical questions and participate as much as she could so she'd have his attention. Alice could tell that he was into her intellect. He even asked her name one time she really impressed him and knew it from then onward. But none of it seemed to lead to the result she had wished for. She always tried to find an excuse to be the last one to leave the room before him, but he never asked her to stay behind. All of his reactions to her that she thought she'd seen started seeming merely coincidental.

When the semester was nearing it's end and their time together was nearly over, Alice was about to give up hope. On one particular day, she was wearing a strapless, tight black top that bared her midriff as well as a dangerously short skirt and thigh-high black socks with heels that made her butt look fantastic and her toned legs look endless, when she was just about to exit the room, he called her name.

"Miss Carlsson? Can I talk to you for a minute?"

When she turned around, he was leaning over his desk, looking so appetising that she nearly moaned out loud. His butt looked incredible in those jeans. She attempted to play it cool, closing the door and walking back towards him confidently.

"Yes Professor Albano? Is there something wrong with my homework?"

"No, not at all, yours was one of the best out of the class actually. Good Work. I was meaning to talk about something more.. well it's really not something I should be bringing up at all, but I felt that I had no choice. Can you promise that this will stay between us?"

Alice swallowed. She suddenly felt like she was a little girl who had been caught doing something naughty and was about to face the consequences - and not in a sexy way. Yet at the same time, she couldn't stop herself from getting turned on by his irresistible accent - the way the "r" rolled of his tongue made her knees buckle. She felt almost sure that he could see her ridiculously erect nipples poke through her shirt and smell her juices from where he was standing. "Of course, no problem, what is it you wanted to discuss?," she brought out, her voice almost cracking from the embarrassment of the situation.

"Well.. there's no easy way to say this. I want you to know that I am in no way trying to tell you what to do nor am I trying to put the blame on you. It's all on me, but.. the way you dress has been very.. distracting to me. I find it hard to focus on my work because of the effect your looks have on me, and I keep catching myself looking at you. That's not very professional at all, but we're going to be having a class together next semester too, and I thought maybe I could ask you to.. cover yourself a little for this lecture. I'm really sorry I have to intrude into your personal space like this, but I saw no other solution."

Alice was taken by surprise and felt her cheeks flush with heat, because this was not the way she had pictured things going. So he was physically attracted to her after all, her efforts hadn't been for nothing - but she had imagined him simply pushing her up against a wall and just undressing her, or bending her over his desk and dominating her, not trying to negotiate his way out of it. Now it was on her to try to get him to cross that last line. She didn't feel prepared for that.

"What's wrong with letting me distract you then?," she tried, looking into his eyes unwaveringly, looking much more self-assured than she felt.

Professor Albano closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath, then proceeded "Miss Carlsson, that would be incredibly unprofessional, and I'm also married..," but he didn't seem convinced by his own words at all.

She took a step towards him, the space between them now only remaining at about a foot. "Maybe you should just give in to what you really want.," she whispered, surprised at her newfound confidence.

He swallowed audibly and shifted nervously in his place. "I can't.."  Alice stopped right in front of him, only leaving a gap of a few inches between their faces. The air between them was charged with electricity and sexual tension, so much that she could feel herself shiver. It felt as if they were two magnets pulling towards each other, and it was taking more and more effort to hold back. "You can take whatever you want from me.," she breathed, looking up into his eyes tellingly.

She knew then that she had him.

He gave in with a frustrated moan and pressed himself against her, their lips and tongues finally meeting like she had dreamt them to for months. Their kiss was impatient, heated, passionate - they were craving each other like they were the first water they had tasted in days.

Her hands found the top of his white shirt, trying to unbutton it with shaky hands while his already erect penis was grinding against her through their clothes. They were both breathing heavily, their bodies electric with arousal. When she had almost opened his shirt halfway, he broke away from her, his face flushed. Without saying anything, he went to shut the blinds on the large windows that left them on display for the entire campus. Alice caught on, grabbed his keys from the table and locked the entrance to the room.

And then, they ran towards each other, both frantic to continue where they left off.

She jumped and wrapped her legs around his waist, hungrily kissing his neck while finally tearing off his shirt. His hands on her butt were enough to make her moan, so full of need to feel his skin against hers without all these layers of fabric separating them. 

He set her down on a table and helped her out of her shirt, exposing her full breasts. He began kissing them, biting her nipples, leaving a trail of marks down her chest, and she couldn't contain herself. She was moaning loudly and tried to pull him towards her, desperate to feel some friction between her legs. She was lifting her hips of the table searching for him, until he finally let his hand travel beneath her skirt, pushing her soaked panties to the side and circling her entrance.  Alice pulled him towards her until their mouths met and he began pushing two fingers inside her wetness. She cried out into his mouth and her body was overcome with bliss. She could not believe her luck, her need for this man finally being satisfied at this very moment.

He pulled away just enough to breathlessly groan "I've wanted this for so long.," while still sliding his long fingers into the 19-year-old's aching hole.

She finally found a break in her ecstasy to push him away a little, whimpering "Wait, wait please."

As he retreated, she sat up on the table and crawled towards him, fumbling to open his belt. When his pants slid down his thick legs, she reached for his throbbing erection and took him into her mouth without hesitation. She tasted the saltiness of the drops of pre-ejaculate that had coated his length, and greedily licked away every bit of it. His head fell back into his neck and his hand grasped her blonde curls, guiding her in her motion. The feeling of him taking control this way aroused her to no ends and she couldn't stop herself from moving one hand down to her swollen clit, touching herself and running her tongue along his cock simultaneously. She was so thirsty for his loud moans of pleasure that she took his entire shaft into her mouth, feeling his tip hit the back of her throat. Her professor pulled away after he felt himself growing close to his orgasm, and he pushed her back onto the table so her legs were dangling off the edge, widely spread and ready for him to enter her. 

"Sei bellissima," he moaned before pushing her panties aside once more and placing his tip at her wet entrance. It took all the strength he had to not push all the way inside her immediately. She inched herself towards him, his length entering her at an excruciatingly slow pace."Please," she begged, her whole body aflame with lust.

Eventually, he pushed back, and the sensation of his manhood filling her up after all this longing made her eyes roll back into her head. "Oh god, yes," she choked out as the waves of pleasure ran over her. The older man remained still for a second, both of them savouring the sensation of his dick ultimately being inside of her, feeling him pulsate with lust. The sound of their horny whimpers was the only noise in the room, echoing from the high ceiling.

It was everything she had imagined and more. Riding her fingers in the darkness, pretending it was Professor Albano she was on top of, had never come close to the way he felt inside of her right now. 

Finally pounding into her, he bent over to bite her neck, her shoulders, her breasts, her nipples, leaving visible bruises in his wake.  The pain was only translating into euphoria on her skin, and combined with his cock stimulating her in all the right places, she felt herself approaching orgasm rapidly. She was having trouble holding onto a thought as he was speeding up his thrusts, and she urgently grasped his arm to pull him to her face, kissing him and trying to mouth that she was about to come at the same time, but she didn't manage to.

The feeling of him inside her and his lower abdomen stimulating her clitoris and his rough chest brushing against her erect nipples and his lips caressing her ear were all too much for her to take, and she yelled out "I'-" before there weren't any more words and Alice found herself lost in the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced. 

Her hips were pushing upwards and he had to hold her against him, increasing the speed of his thrusts, incredibly turned on by the sight of her violent orgasm. The feeling of her vagina tightening around him was unbelievable. "Fuck," he exclaimed, getting close to his own climax. When the blonde came down from her high, she reached out for his thighs in order to pull him even deeper inside of her, to somehow make the sensation last for both of them and to make him experience the same joy she did.

When he finally felt the sweet release wash over him, he collapsed onto the table, lying on top of his student's naked body, both of them quivering with lust.

After a couple of minutes, he rose and looked at the younger girl. "Wasn't that exactly what you needed?," she smiled at him cheekily.

He pulled out of her and began pulling his pants back up. "Maybe it was. Maybe I'll be able to focus on the lectures now."

"Maybe.," she said innocently, getting up from the table and assembling her clothes. She was not going to let him get away with only loving her like this one time.