 As we step out onto the porch the warmth of Spring magically dances in the night air, and we both sink into the enticing comfort of the furniture. The beguiling silver hue of the full moon infuses the ambience with rousing headiness. The dulcet silence envelopes our thoughts, transporting us into a place of serenity where nothing exists. Only you and I! Lost in this obliviousness, our lips find each other's; tasting, teasing, pleasing as our hands begin to explore. 

Your lips glide to my neck and I feel the warmth of your breath as you plant your enticing kisses, my body responds with shivers of unadulterated desire. Soft murmurs escape my lips as I offer you more of my exposed neck and naked shoulders. Your raw hunger devours my taste and my hunger aches for your touch. My hands reach up to your head I run my fingers through your hair and pull you closer.

You stop kissing me, sit back and say. "Tell you my fantasies."

Caught a little off guard I think to myself. "They swirl around in my head; intoxicate my mind long before you've even asked. And my body quivers simply at the mere thought of you carrying out my fantasies!"

"Tell me what you want, tell me your fantasies." You urge.

I look at you, look around, drinking in the moment. The ambience pulses with your sexual energy and it permeates my senses, along with your lingering touch, which I still feel upon my skin. My mind and thoughts run wild as I visualize my raunchy fantasies. Yet suddenly for some obscure reason, trying to verbalize my fantasies is a little tougher than I'd imagined. I feel a heat raising into my cheeks my body yearns for your touch as I feel the heat radiate in waves between my thighs, pulsating at the mere mention of fantasies – 

Do I tell you I want to be owned!

"Hmmmmm" I muster up a little voice from within "I wonder what it would feel like to have you tie my arms and ankles!"

I think to myself. "Damn, that was absolutely feeble!" 

What I'd actually intended to say was. "I would love to have you strap each arm and each leg securely. Leaving me unable to move laying spread eagled on the bed, for you to do with me as you desire and enjoy me totally!"

It's odd, since we are very open and pretty much anything goes. Then again, I guess expressing "fantasies" is not a subject we'd broached until this unexpected moment.

I look at you, and notice a twinkle in your eyes as you smile and say with quiet confidence. "I'm sure I can fulfill your fantasy tonight." 

"Mmmmmmm" I murmur as a thrill of excitement surges through my body. The heat in my cheeks raises a couple of degrees, and the heat between my thighs intensifies.

As you get up you say. "Go to the bedroom, strip naked and lie on the bed. I will be there shortly"

A nano-second of panic fused with the riveting suggestion gives rise to an irresistible ardour within, and so ready to willingly comply!

Stepping into the bedroom I find myself directly in front of the huge mirror looking at my reflection staring back at me. I pause a moment before I begin to undress, and I'm fervidly aware of you entering the room. I unzip my dress allowing it to fall to the floor around my feet. Stepping sideways, I gaze at the mirror now reflecting a sensual woman clad in enticing lingerie, which you seem obliviously unaware of. You busy yourself in retrieving the straps from under the mattress and then head to the cupboard to get the cuffs to attach to the straps. I undo the clasp of my bra momentarily holding the bra to my body, before allowing it too, to drop to the floor. I ease each leg out of the stockings allowing each stocking to spiral onto the other already discarded items of clothing. Lastly, I remove my sexy G-string, which unhesitatingly joins the pile. 

Standing naked, I look across at you, though you seem pretty intent in attaching the cuffs to the straps. 

"Do you even notice me!" I wonder. 

I effortlessly glide my svelte body onto the bed and roll over onto my back. For the briefest moment I feel a little exposed. As I look over to my right I gently feel your hands take a hold of my left wrist strapping the cuff on and doing it up. Oo.. It's pretty tight! You say nothing and proceed to the right wrist, where you do the same. You move down to my right ankle but I'm to far up the bed so you ask me to ease myself further towards the foot of the bed. But since having both arms strapped in place it takes a little longer to ease myself into position. You manage to cuff my right ankle to the strap in corner of the bed. You move along the base of the bed taking hold of my left ankle and at this moment I wonder if my left ankle will actually reach the cuff. You loosen the strap a little, as you attach the cuff to my ankle and strap it in tightly. You look at me, asking how I feel.

It feels good except a little taut, so I ask if you will loosen the tension fractionally. You oblige.

As I lay there bound, I watch you undress suddenly realization sinks in. I cannot move, nor can I touch you!

I am now truly at your mercy, the fantasy has commenced.

I watch as you drop your boxers. Immediately my hands long to touch your body, my mouth hungers to feel, taste and please your cock. I want to run my tongue around the ridge, flick the tip... but you're in control! 

You ease onto the bed hover just above my face. Teasingly you move back allowing your cock to briefly touch my lips. I raise my head and beg for you to let me taste you. You tell me to put my head down. I pull at the straps they don't give an inch. The harder I pull, the tighter they get. It's a futile attempt. Your seductive arousal continues as you move backward and forward, again and again barely allowing your cock to touch my lips. My mouth drools with lustful anticipation. Then without warning, you shove your hard hot cock and begin fucking my hungry mouth. 

"Aahhh it feels so good!" I think quietly

With each stroke you penetrate a little deeper eventually shoving your shaft to the back of my throat, holding it there, just long enough, not to make me gag. Slowly you come up affording me, the opportunity to immodestly relish your glorious cock. My tongue twirls shamelessly and seductively around the ridge, tracing every groove and dip. Flirtatiously my tongue flicks the tip and I am rewarded with your delicious juicy pre-cum. 

With that you withdraw.

I feel your fingers trace down my chest, around my breasts, pinching each nipple alternately as you watch them harden and swell, and each pinch provokes my hips to arch, as a pulsing fervour sears through my loins. Your tongue swirls seductively around my hard nipple, you pause momentarily allowing your mouth to suck my breast followed by a gentle yet firm bite to my nipple. Ah! I gasp and hold my breath as I teeter on the edge of shameless ravishment. You release my nipple and proceed to the next one eliciting the same reaction within me. You continue on your path of arousal as you trace down my tummy, gliding to my groin and snaking down to my inner thighs. Continually you provoke, entice, and elicit moans that feed my raging desire.

Kneeling on the bed in front of my spread-eagled nakedness, you glide your fingers ever so provocatively against my invitingly exposed very wet cunt. Freshly waxed, as you thoroughly like it. 

"Mmmm... So deliciously smooth, I'm so going to enjoy you!" you say. 

You trace the contours exposed to you, lightly flicking my clitoris, which instantaneously evokes gasps and moans of unabashed pleasure as my cunt twinges with rapture.

I raise my hips and push towards you. With precise dexterity your finger glides into my juicy cunt and immediately a surge of indescribable intensity courses through me. Steadily you withdraw your finger then push it in again, then in and out, each time a little deeper and harder. My moans, sighs and raised hips are evidence enough of the pleasure you're inducing.

I've until now been fighting those cuffs, filled with mixed desires of enjoying being totally at your mercy, but also wanting to touch and feel your body. I eventually relinquish the fight and surrender wholly, allowing you complete reign to do as you desire and please. It's a liberating moment filled with delicious realization in accepting the intensity of the present time.

You look at me as your fingers continue in a rhythmic motion, and as I look into your dark eyes, every inch of my body exceedingly awakens to your lightest touch, and pulsates with added energy. I notice you lick your lips and head towards my throbbing cunt. Your hot tongue flicks my clit as your fingers spread my cunt lips and your skillful tongue glides the length of my slit. Deftly sliding up and down, and up again towards my sensitive clit followed by another nimble tongue flick. 

You begin sucking and biting on my already swollen clit, as you once again insert your fingers into my wet pussy reaching in deep. As you stimulate my g-spot my unbridled moans pervade the candle lit silence of the room. As you remove your fingers your tongue slides into me and you begin tongue fucking me, I tense every muscle and I'm on the verge of coming.

You stop, grab a glass of water from the bedside table, and hold it just above my tummy, but before I can protest you pour the cold water onto me. I gasp with sheer disbelief! 

You get up head out the room and upon your return I notice you carrying a jug filled with water and ice cubes. You hold the jug above me and I look up at you and say. "Noooo don't!" 

Your response is "Why not?" 

"It's cold!" I say.

"Not good enough." You say, and again threaten to pour the water.

"Please don't!" I beg. "It's so cold."

Again you respond. "Not good enough!"

I just plead for you not to pour the water.

You stand there contemplating a while. I'm bound and at your mercy. 

Again I plead for you not to do it. 

Your hand tilts and my body involuntarily shifts sideways. You stop, put the jug down and I close my eyes breathing a sigh of relief. My eyes open wide my body shivers with shock as I feel and iciness on one nipple, gliding across my chest to the other nipple, then onto my neck. 

I'm stunned into silence. 

Gliding the ice cube down my body towards my pussy, you insert it holding it inside a while. You remove it, and bring your hand up to my mouth and push it into my mouth saying. "Taste yourself!"

As cold as I felt, the melting ice was a heavenly welcome relief for my parched mouth.

I give it back to you and you gingerly glide it over my neck and nipples and again you push it into my pussy, whilst your other hand firmly tightens around my throat, producing rather inexplicable sensations, raging from bracing sensory confusion to arousal. 

As you release your grip from around my neck and remove the ice cube your fingers once again find their way into my pussy. As you deftly stimulate my g-spot every muscle begins to flex my breathing quickens. Carnal desire lustfully infuses every sinew and nerve. At this point I no longer have control. Spontaneously my body begins to tremble and involuntary muscle contractions within the depths of my pussy pulsate, triggering a warm wet gush. The exhilaration spirals all the way up my spine; an electrifying surge galvanizes my every extremity, followed by a gasp and heady moan as my body culminates in perfect euphoria. 

You get up undo each cuff, gently releasing each ankle followed by each of my wrists. It feels so good to be able to draw my legs together and as you lay next to me, I am able to wrap my arms around you as well as run my fingers along your arms and back.

"Mmmmmm delightful pleasure filled fantasy. Thank you" I murmur.