 Her mother had apparently never taught her not to play with food.

She was smiling at him from across the patio, teasing him, as usual, her mouth slightly open, her red lips pursed. She held a ripe Bing cherry by the stem and balanced the plump fruit on her lower lip, slipping it languidly in and out of her mouth, kissing it suggestively with her tongue. The cherry parted her lips obscenely as she raised her eyebrows as if to say, "Can you handle me?" She was melting him into a puddle of horny ooze and she knew it. She chuckled softly as she took the fruit between her teeth. Then, rolling it once more across the honey-like flesh of her lips, she sucked the cherry into her mouth and yanked it from its stem.

"Poor baby," she mouthed.

He was relieved to have a plate of food in his lap, conveniently covering his bulging erection.

Her husband, Bob, poor sap, had missed his the show, busy as he was tending to the five, luscious steaks that sizzled on his flaming grill. He turned to his guest, looking slightly ridiculous in his "Lawyers do it in Latin" apron, and smiled graciously.

"You doing ok there, partner? You're looking a little flushed. It's damn hot out here today, isn't it? Tanya, be a doll and get Alan another beer to cool him off, would you? These steaks ought to be ready in just about five minutes, so I sure hope you're hungry." He returned to his work.

"You're going to love these babies, Alan my man! I don't care where you go, nobody seems to know how to cook a good steak these days. They cost me a bundle, you know, but that German butcher has the best cuts of meat in the city and he knows just how I like them."

He spun the other direction to face his wife, who at that moment was devouring a strawberry she'd dipped in a gob of whipped cream.

"Tanya, baby, go get Alan another beer! And while you're at it, get me one, too. It's hot as a firecracker over here."

He turned away as Tanya obediently slid forward on the chaise lounge, her red skirt sliding high up her tanned thighs as she moved. Placing her right foot on the patio and bending her left leg at the knee, she opened herself fully to Alan as she rose. She wasn't wearing panties, of course. Now it was his turn to chuckle as he smiled up at her. Tonight, the name of the game seemed to be "see-who-can-drive-the-other-into-a-sexual-frenzy-first," and so far, Tanya was the only one racking up points. He would have to get on the scoreboard, and quickly. Setting his plate aside, he rose to follow her into the house.

"Let me help you get those beers, Tanya," he smiled.

Alan and Tanya were lovers -- had been for a couple of months now. So far, her husband, Bob, seemed to be clueless, which suited them fine. In fact, that pretty much summed up Bob's entire relationship with his wife these days. Their marriage had begun well enough, but something had changed.

Bob had changed. As the years rolled by, and the kids grew up, his career had become more sexually satisfying than his beautiful wife, which left Alan frankly questioning the man's sanity. True, power is an aphrodisiac, but who the hell needed an aphrodisiac with a wife like Tanya?

Maybe Bob, now head of his firm's legal division and constantly surrounded by fawning associates, was getting more than his ass kissed at the office? Maybe he'd been pounding out more than legal strategies on his many out-of-town excursions? That was Tanya's theory, and if it were true, Bob had been too smart to give her any proof. If he was cheating, he had covered his bases well.

So had she. Not that she wasn't willing to take a few chances now and then.

Alan came up behind her at the refrigerator, reached around her and grabbed a cold, long-neck bottle from the door. Popping the cap, he took a swig as she turned and took him in her arms. They kissed like two teenagers at a drive-in, and as their mouths got reacquainted, he slipped the beer bottle under her short skirt. She leapt as the cold glass kissed her thigh. As the lip of the bottle wandered up her leg, her breathing became ragged, then stopped altogether when he pressed it into her moist garden. Involuntarily, she closed her eyes as the cool glass slipped easily between her labia, bumping over her clitoris and fanning the flames that were already searing her insides.

All too quickly, it was gone. She whimpered as Alan raised the bottle to his lips and savored the taste of her tangy juices. She touched his cheek. He responded by lifting a hand to her breast.

"Do you think we might just skip dinner and move right to dessert?" she cooed.

"What, and miss out on all of this delicious foreplay? There's a whole plate of fruit out there just waiting to be turned into sexual symbolism. You're not tired of the game already, are you?" he smiled.

She skittered her fingers over the bulge in his pants.

"I never get tired of the game, Alan. Which reminds me. Everything I'm wearing, and not wearing, tonight is for you, lover. Hope you like?"

"You're absolutely beautiful, as always. All I can think about is ripping your skirt off and going down on you."

"Screw Bob! Screw dinner! Screw me, right now!"

"Shhhh, patience, my beauty. All in good time."

"Arrrrggh! I am so damn hot!"

With that, she turned back to the refrigerator, opened the door and stuck her head inside. He grabbed another beer and squeezed her lovely ass as he walked away. 

Dinner was, as Bob had promised, outstanding. The steak had literally melted in his mouth, and the three of them, plus the two children, enjoyed a laughter-filled evening on the patio.

"You haven't had much to drink tonight, Alan," offered Bob. "How about a Scotch?"

"Actually, I'm trying to cut down on the calories. I think I'll pass, but thanks anyway."

"How about you, Tanya?"

"Well, Darling, it's already 7:30 and if you'll remember, I've got to drive the girls over to the Morgan's house for that sleep-over. It's Lisa Morgan's birthday tomorrow, remember? Anyway, I told Becky I'd have the kids there by 8:00, so we ought to get going."

"Damn, I forgot all about that." He glanced at his watch, agitated. "You don't need me to go along with you, do you? I was planning to head back to the office for a few hours to work on some things..."

"I don't really need you if you have other things to do, but I guess I was hoping you'd come along. The headlights keep going out on the SUV, and I'd feel much better having someone with me, just in case something happens." She glanced at Alan, whose face cracked into a faint smile. He knew what would happen next. Damn, she was good.

"Hell, Tanya, I don't know crap about cars, but Alan here knows everything there is to know, don't you, Bud? If I don't get those contracts finished and faxed by midnight, there's going to be hell to pay come Monday.

"You aren't busy tonight, are you Alan? How about going with Tanya just in case she needs some help? What do you say? I know it's a bitch, way across town and all, but after that expensive steak I gave you tonight, you could just think of it as payback. How about it?"

Payback? So soon? Never was a gift given that didn't serve some grander purpose, that was Bob's philosophy. Okay, he thought to himself, take your time. Don't appear too eager. His heart was already racing as he thought ahead to the possibilities...

"Bob, Alan doesn't have time to go traipsing across town with me and the kids," Tanya volunteered.

"No, it's okay, Tanya. Bob's right. The least I can do to repay him for that excellent dinner is to ride shotgun and make sure you're well taken care of. Think nothing of it, Bob. It would be my pleasure."

Bob smiled broadly and excused himself to make some phone calls. Tanya instructed the girls to go get their overnight things together. While everyone was leaving the room, Alan walked behind the couch where Tanya was seated, leaned down behind her, and as the last child disappeared, he slipped his hand beneath the fabric of her knit top and captured her left breast. She inhaled sharply as he rolled her turgid nipple between his fingers. She felt herself soaring. He pressed his mouth to her ear and slipped his tongue into her ear canal; her knuckles turned white as she gripped the arm of the couch. She was so close. She squeezed her thighs together tightly, hoping.

"I want to press my lips against your wet pussy and lick you until you beg me to stop," he whispered.

At the distant sound of footsteps, Alan withdrew a safe distance away, leaving her flushed and a bit senseless as the kids re-entered the room.

God, how she loved it when he touched her. Alan had wonderful hands, a sensitive mouth, a cock that left her reeling. But the thing that really made Alan special was the way he studied her. In such a short time, he'd learned what she liked and disliked, where her most sensitive places were, how to please her, how to send her to the moon and back again. He was a talented lover, and right now she ached for him.

***

While the girls chatted quietly in the back seat, Alan and Tanya secretly held hands in the front. She tickled the back of his hand with her fingernails. He carefully traced the bones and muscles of her wrist and forearm with his fingertips. After dropping the kids off for the night and saying their good byes, Tanya tossed him the keys and said, "You drive."

They'd hardly driven a block when she was next to him, planting moist kisses on his neck while lightly stroking his inner thighs with her fingernails. He concentrated on his driving, bravely (if unsuccessfully) determined to ignore her as her fingers wandered absently up to the begging bulge in his pants.

"What have we here? Have you been stuffing your pants with socks again to try to impress me?" She pressed her hand between his legs and squeezed his balls. His cock felt painfully strangled as she let her fingers drift lightly over the outline of his manhood.

"You're big tonight. Did I have anything to do with that?"

"You? Of course not. I was just remembering my 8th grade math teacher, Miss Prynne. She taught me a lot more than polynomial equations, I'll tell you.."

She slapped his leg.

"Well, if it's some boyish fantasy that has you all excited, maybe I should stop," she murmured, her fingers tracing circles over the bulge in his pants. "Maybe a real woman is too much for you?"

"Oh, Miss Prynne was a real woman, alright. And man, did she know her trig. But when it comes to the calculus of making love, no one holds a candle to you, Tanya."

She giggled and slipped her tongue along the hollow of his throat. A shiver when up his spine.

"Do you know, I've never gone without panties before? At least, not since I was three. You have a very dangerous power over me, lover. And, I like it."

She deftly opened his pants and yanked his shirt out. Released from bondage, his cock unwound, pushing its way out of his briefs. She caught him in the warm grip of her fingers and began lightly stroking his length, finding herself turned on by the feeling of him growing in her small hand.

"Take your top off," he demanded. "I want to see your breasts."

"We're cruising down a public road, lover."

"It's almost dark, and anyway, I'm driving with my pants open. I haven't seen those gorgeous breasts since Tuesday and I can't wait any longer. Take if off."

"You love my breasts, don't you?"

"Tanya, your breasts are a national treasure. Your nipples ought to be protected by one or more US patents."

She laughed and pulled her top over her head without a thought, tossing it carelessly into the back seat. He turned towards her and was overcome by the sight of her 36C's in the golden glow of the street lights. He touched her reverently, letting his fingers roam over her swelling nipples, over the indescribably soft flesh, lightly caressing, squeezing, filling his hand with her firmness, tweaking her, heating her up. His fingertips were like branding irons, burning pleasure into every spot they touched. She sighed contentedly.

"Please keep your eyes on the road, Stud. I wouldn't want to have to explain this to the cops."

She leaned against him and rubbed her breasts against his arm. Then she dipped her head to his lap and took his cock into her mouth.

He felt as though he'd been hit with a cattle prod. His body jerked, his foot jumping on the accelerator as he tried to steady himself. Her tongue circled him, her lips enfolded him, she planted hot kisses on his rock-hard shaft as she cupped his balls with her hand. Knowing how much he loved it, she took him all the way, pressing him deep, fucking him with her mouth, slipping his length down her throat. She teased, she tantalized, she drove him hard until she sensed that he was about to lose control, then she backed off, letting him calm himself. Time after time, she took him right to the pinnacle but refused to let him throw himself down.

Nothing, nothing in the world felt as good. She was a natural. It was as if she was inside of his head, the way she could make him ache. He focused as much as he could on the traffic, the lights, the pedals, trying to keep it simple -- gas on the right, brake on the left, green means go, red means stop... 

Oh, damn, he felt her pushing him into her throat again. He was in a blast furnace and the flames were burning away the slag. He felt pure. Complete. He glanced down at her auburn hair and touched her bare back, going momentarily out of himself as he watched her ravish him, watched her plunge up and down on his cock, watched her urge him to let it go, let it go...

"Tanya, Tanya, please..." was all he could manage.

He reached beneath her and filled his hand with her breasts, pinching her nipples. She groaned. He pushed his hand along her spine, under the waistband of her skirt, down, down, until his fingers captured her ass. He pulled her closer, pushed himself deeper, felt his balls tighten...

With a primitive moan, he erupted like a dormant volcano, his hot seed boiling into her mouth. She grunted and swallowed, and swallowed again, and pulled back, but just as quickly sank back down on him as he emptied himself and she took it all.

He felt wasted, gloriously wasted, as the euphoria of the moment flooded over him. As the explosion subsided, she released his cock from her mouth and pressed a fingertip over the slit where his cum was still oozing, smearing the remaining drops over the head and along his shaft. Her eyes twinkled.

"Was that good, lover?"

"Incredible. Unbelievable. I don't know how do you do that. Tanya, Sweetheart, that was the best ever!"

She was suddenly aware of their surroundings.

"Quick, turn here, into the mall."

He followed her lead and soon they were parked on the upper level of the parking deck, in a corner away from the other cars. She bounded out of the door and stepped back against the safety wall surrounding the parking deck. She was still topless, her skin bronze under the sodium vapor lights. In this spot, the truck and the wall protected them from the view of the other shoppers. He jumped out and ran to her, but she put out her hand for him to stop. As he stood and watched, she unfastened her skirt and stepped out of it, tossing it into the open passenger door.

She was a goddess and his valiant cock stirred, wanting her. She bounced over to him and kissed him hurriedly while fumbling desperately with the buttons of his shirt. There was something wild in this, something frenzied. She was unable to control herself, the possibility of being caught making her feel wanton and horny like never before. When they were both naked, she reached out and pulled him to her roughly, her round ass against the cool concrete of the retaining wall, her full breasts flattened against his muscular chest, his hardening cock drilling into her soft belly.

She climbed his body as he lifted her and wrapped her legs around his waist. Leaning back, she was able to hang her head over the retaining wall and watch as shoppers walked in clutches along the darkened street to and from the mall. She touched herself, closing her eyes, drinking the pleasure. She had to have him now!

She pulling herself back up and kissed him deeply.

"Fuck me, lover. Fuck me now, please."

She reached down to where his hard cock was rubbing against her ass. Lifting herself, rubbing him between her wet lips, she sank her hips down onto him, swallowing his full length and gasping at the sensation of once again being filled with this man she loved.

He flexed his hips as she leaned back again. He filled his hands with her ass as he pulled back, the cool night breeze making his exposed cock tingle. Then he pressed himself into the furnace of her hole, sliding easily, the humid depths opening and welcoming him. He took it slowly, enjoying the moment, stretching out her pleasure. She was in a world of her own, head back, looking at the stars as he pierced her. She felt the rhythm, the loss as he pulled back, the groaning contentment as he filled her again. With each stroke, she pulled him to her with her strong legs, squeezing herself down onto him, wanting him inside of her as deeply as humanly possible. 

Leaning down, he took her left breast in his mouth and seized her rock-hard nipple between his teeth and teased it, feeling it grow as he did so. She moaned appreciatively as his tongue danced over her nipple until their movements caused him to lose her. But he took her other breast into his mouth on the next stroke and she smiled.

This man! God, this man was making her crazy with pleasure! He was making her tingle, he was making her boil, he was driving her nuts, and she loved it so. Oh, God, he was so good, so good... 

He changed his angle slightly and began driving hard, and she gasped as he hit the spot. She could see it now, feel it, hear it roaring in her ears, like a swimmer standing on a lonely beach watching the terrible water rise in the distance, a tsunami roaring out of the sea, rushing at the shore faster than she could possibly escape.

She would not run. She simply let it roll over her.

She began quaking as the waves of heat roiled inside of her, as her vagina contracted and her muscles ached and her cunt flooded with liquid fire. The pleasure threw her back and knocked her down, knocking the breath out of her, stopping her heart. Down in his thrusting cock he felt it rumble up from the depths of her, this pent up orgasm that was shaking her to her foundation. He was close now, nearly spent, his arms and legs aching. But his balls were twitching, and he knew he was ready.

He pulled back once more, almost withdrawing completely, then buried himself to the hilt as his cock jerked and his balls contracted, his cum flashing instantly to steam inside the fires of her liquid cunt. He leaned down and sucked on her right breast, and she raised her head, smiling wearily, nodding at him, satisfied.

A bright light flashed overhead, causing him to glance back over his shoulder. The security patrol was at the far end of the parking deck, sweeping the area with a spotlight and heading their way.

"Trouble," he whispered as he lifted her.

"Huh?" she replied, only half conscious.

"Got to move. Hang on."

With his last ounce of strength, he carried her to the car and got in, her legs still wrapped tightly around him, his cock still buried in her sloppy vagina. He pulled the door closed and reached for the sunshade that was on the floor, quickly unfurling it and placing it in the windshield to hide them from sight.

They shifted positions slightly, letting her unwrap her legs, finally ending up with her kneeling over him, her breasts inches from his mouth. He kissed one of them, being careful not to pay too much attention to her nipples, which were always painfully sensitive after an orgasm. He moved inside of her and she copied his movements, slightly raising and lowering her hips in the warm afterglow of her orgasm, letting the last embers die away slowly.
