 I have been an avid reader of Literotica for several years and wanted to share this story for several years, but hesitated until now. This is my first submission so please be kind.... 

As a result of my position being eliminated, due to the department's move out West, I was forced to once again float my resume. Fortunately my ten plus years in Human Resources caught the eye of a recruiter and she placed me with a company who was willing to pay for my relocation. Having never left the area I was at first apprehensive, but felt that with my recent dating failures I was due for a change.

Not having a place to live as well as not knowing anybody in the new area, I was forced to settle into a local hotel for a little while. This expense was covered under the relocation policy so I was not too afraid to spend some time relaxing and enjoying coming home to find a mint on my pillow. For dinner I would find a table in the bar where I would search through the advertisements for available properties and begin to schedule my weekend appointments with realtors. This routine continued for several weeks and the hotel staff pretty much considered me more than a regular. Had I wanted, I could have had a part-time job with them.

One night, as I was sitting in the bar, I noticed a few people had strolled in after their shift at the local casino. They seemed to be in a celebratory mood and order many drinks after drinks. Soon they became rather loud to the point where the bartender asked them to either quiet down or they would need to leave. I don't think she was prepared for a comeback, but apparently one of the guests was insulted and began to insult her. She walked away, but the guest continued. I am not sure what happened next but I found myself face to face with this abusive guest and the bartender was behind me. The rowdy party left and things settled pretty much settled down from there. I went back to my table, collected my paper and notes and headed up to my room.

No more than five minutes after I settled in the telephone rang. The bartender was on her way out and wanted to be sure she thanked me for coming to her rescue. Being a regular I assured her I would be around should this happen again. "The next round is on me," she said as we ended the conversation. Great I thought, add free alcohol to the list of perks I'm receiving.

I knew the schedules of most of the staff, including this particular bartender, and made a point of asking others about her. Having seen her around the hotel, I knew her to be a petite woman, roughly early twenties, and friendly with most of the regulars. What I didn't know was that she was a single mom who was looking for stable employment. She learned I was asking about her and she opened up to the point where I relied upon her for assistance with my house hunting.

One night, before punching out, she came over to me and asked if I would be interested in having dinner with her and her daughter some night. How could I pass up an offer to have a real meal with an attractive woman? I accepted and the following night I arrived at their home bearing flowers for her and a toy for her young daughter. The meal was a pleasant change from room service and the company was better than cable. She went upstairs to put her daughter to bed and when she returned, I was still clearing off the table. She stood in the doorway watching me for sometime before I realized. "It's something I my mother had me do when I was little," I explained to her. 

"I hope I get to meet her someday," she said. We finished cleaning up and moved to the living room. She knew I didn't know much about the community and brought out a large map. She began to offer suggestions of good neighborhoods to live and we matched that up with some of the ads in the newspaper. I realized the time and apologized for needing to leave. I thanked her for a nice evening and made my way to the door and felt her hand on mine. I turned and at that moment we kissed goodnight.

As I lay in my bed that night I replayed that scene over and over. Her lips were soft and her skin smooth to my touch. I felt the warmth from her body but could hear her daughter rustling upstairs. I hesitated doing anything more than kissing her goodnight at that moment hoped and planned for a second chance. There would be more opportunities to see her I knew. Ironically I fell asleep watching Moonstruck, and the scene where Cher and Nicholas Cage first kiss goodnight.

To be continued... 