 I was awakened from my sweet dream by two feelings: something lightly brushing across my lips, and someone staring at me. As I opened my eyes, I saw him sit back from leaning over me, watching me sleep.

"Good morning, sunshine," he said as I turned onto my side to face him. He leaned back over and kissed me again, making sure I was awake.

"Good morning to you too," I answered, kissing him back. "How long have you been awake, my precious honeybear?"

"Long enough to watch you wake up, but not nearly long enough to get tired of watching you sleep," was his loving reply.

"Mmm," I moaned as I stretched. "I was having such a good dream. I didn't want it to end."

"Please tell me all about it, dear one," he said, brushing his fingers over my belly. "I want to know why you woke up with a smile on your face."

"You know that I am not good at telling things like this," I said. "I can't say all those words. I get embarrassed too easily."

"Just do your best, my love," he answered. "Tell me your lovely dream. I want to know what pleases you in bed, so I can do it for you. I love to make you happy."

"Mmm, well..." I started. "I'll start by describing the room. The lights were turned off, and there were candles everywhere. Love songs were playing in the background. I was lying on my back in bed. There were satin sheets on the bed, and I was surrounded by dozens of red rose petals..."

"Why don't you lie on your back now, so you can be more comfortable? I know that red roses are your favorite flower, love. Maybe I should go out later and buy you some, just to show you how much I really love you. A rose is a beautiful flower, but not nearly as beautiful as you."

I rolled over onto my back. I looked at him, smiled, and said, "Everything you do for me shows me you love me. From the time I wake up, until the time I close my eyes, I feel loved by you, honeybear. It is a wonderful feeling."

He bent down and kissed me again, soft and sweet, like a promise of things to come. "Please continue with your dream, my precious one. You were lying on a bed of rose petals, and...?"

"I had my eyes closed, reveling in the soft feel of the petals on my naked body. I felt something soft brush across my breasts and tummy, so I opened my eyes. I looked up to find you bending over me, a rose in your hand. You were brushing it lightly across my nipples, making them hard as little rocks..."

"Oh, you mean like this?" he asked, flicking his finger over my little nubs. They got hard from his attentions. "Does it feel good? I can tell you like it."

"Mmm, yes, that feels so good, sweetheart," I purred. "Please don't stop."

"I won't stop until you tell me to," was his answer. "Please continue my love. What happened next?"

"You put the rose between my breasts and lightly stroked up and down my belly, stopping to tease my belly button." As I was telling him, he lightly ran his fingers up and down, mimicking the path of the dream rose. He stopped at my belly button and swirled his finger around it, teasing me and making me moan again with pleasure.

"Mmm, baby you know just how to touch me. In my dream, you took the rose and lightly stroked up and down my legs, brushing close but not touching my..." I stopped, not knowing what to call that special place between my legs.

"Call it your kitty, love," he said to help me. "When I pet it, you purr."

"Oh, yes I do," I said. "You came close to touching my kitty. I shivered with anticipation as you came closer and closer to that spot, not quite touching it but coming very close."

"Like this?" he asked, lightly stroking my legs up and down.

"Oh yes baby, just like that," I moaned, wiggling my bottom around on the bed from the pleasure I was receiving. "Finally, you lightly brushed me there, and it felt like I got a shock of electricity through my kitty. I shuddered and came, getting the rose wet with my juices."

"You came just from the rose teasing your body?" he asked. I nodded and closed my eyes, wondering if he thought I was weird. "Oh baby, please open your eyes." I did, and looked at him. He reached over and gave me a hug. "I knew you were a sensual creature. Now I know I am going out today to buy you roses. Then tonight, we can really reenact your dream, down to the last detail. So, what happened after you came from the rose?"

"Well, you put the rose aside, and used your mouth in place of the rose," I said. "You started with my mouth, and worked your way slowly down."

"Mmm, like this?" he asked, just before touching his lips to mine. All I could do was moan into his mouth as his tongue parted my lips. I put my arms around him, not wanting to let go. We kissed for what felt like hours, but it was only probably 15 or 20 minutes. We explored each other's mouths with our tongues, probing and licking. He sucked on my tongue like he was sucking on my nipple. I moaned again, and then returned the favor, making him moan. Using his tongue, he made a wet trail from my lips to my neck, then back up. He then kissed along the same line he made from his tongue. Going very slowly, to give me the greatest pleasure, he kissed down my neck and stopped just before reaching my breasts.

"So, am I doing this right, according to your dream?" he asked, looking into my eyes, which were glazed with passion.

"Oh, yes baby," I purred. "Please don't stop. It feels so good. I love the feel of your lips on my neck."

"Where should I go now?" he asked. "I want to make sure I am doing this right, from what you remember."

"Mmm, after kissing down my neck, you licked around my breasts, not touching my nipples. When you saw that I couldn't take much more, you licked and sucked my nipples, and I came again."

With that said, he licked his way from my neck to my right breast. Careful not to touch my nipple, he licked all the way around my breast, and then went to the left one. I raised my arms over my head, so they wouldn't get in his way, and grabbed the pillow. I wiggled my bottom more on the bed, trying to quench the fire I could feel starting in my belly. He stopped, looked into my eyes, and smiled. He knew I was so close. He leaned back over my breasts and, using just the tip of his tongue, teased my hard nipples. I sighed with pleasure as he did this to both nipples.

"I know you are enjoying this, because I see it in your beautiful green eyes," he said, looking into my eyes again. "Your eyes are smiling with happiness and pleasure, and I put both those emotions in there. That makes me happy, knowing how much you are enjoying yourself."

I loved the feel of his tongue on my breasts, so I closed my eyes to block out the room, and experience only what was being done to me. Suddenly, I opened my eyes at the feeling of his teeth on my nipple. I moaned loudly and arched my back, showing my appreciation of the new sensation. He did the same to my other nipple. I moaned again.

"Do you like that baby?" he asked, his mouth full of nipple. I moaned in reply. "I take that as a yes. Dear heart, I know I said I wanted to listen to your dream, but I can't wait any longer. I need to make love to your kitty with my mouth right now. I know that you have cum at least twice since we started this, but I want to taste your sweet nectar. Would you like that love?"

"Oh baby, please," I moaned. "Do whatever you want to me. I am so ready for your mouth on my kitty. Please love me with your mouth."

He sat up and crawled to the end of the bed, between my legs. He sighed at the site in front of him. Tenderly, he rubbed his fingers over my mound, tickling and teasing. He bent down and licked all over the outer edges of my kitty. He used a thumb on each side and held open the outer lips for easier access to my little bud. Moving slowly, he licked his way up my slit, stopping to suck on my hard nub, then down again, pausing to lap at my bottom. He continued this for a bit, getting my juices flowing and starting a fire in my belly that kept growing. I moaned and whimpered with pleasure at the things he was doing to my body. The fire kept growing, until I felt like I would explode. My head shook side to side, and my hands grasped the bed sheets from the intense feelings I was having. I came, coating his mouth and face with my sweet nectar. The spasms hadn't subsided, when I felt something entering me. He had climbed onto his knees and entered me while I was cumming.

"Precious love, I know that you wanted to tell me your dream, but I had to make love to you," he said. "You are so beautiful and sexy and you turn me on so much I couldn't stand to wait any longer."

All I could say was "ooooooooooo" as he pumped his hard member into my wet kitty. It felt so good; I didn't want it to end. I could feel another fire starting in my belly, and knew it wouldn't be long until I came again. I thrust my hips off the bed to meet his movements. I felt him tense up, and knew he was about to shoot his load deep into me. With that thought in mind, I felt my fire spread throughout my body. My orgasm was so intense; I thought I was going to pass out. I could hear him moaning and panting along with me. He came seconds later, filling me up with his seed. He collapsed on the bed next to me. We were both so weak, all we could do was cuddle.