 I had just finished listening to a friend's band play at the local music festival and was making my way through the crowds back to my truck. From the crowd I hear someone calling my name. As I looked around I spotted a nice looking brunette waving trying to get my attention.

"Remember me? It's Jessica. Brian's sister."

Brian was an old friend from high school that I hadn't seen since graduation. 

"Wow. I haven't seen you since Brian and I graduated. You were just 8."

She sure had filled out nicely over the last 12 years. After chatting for a bit and catching up on what she, her brother, and I had all been up to over the last decade, she told me that she had an apartment just down the road and and invited me back to grab a sandwich and do some more catching up.

She told me that Brian was living in Texas now, was married with 3 kids, and that she had just broken up with her boyfriend of 3 years.

"I'm sorry to hear that" I said trying to offer some consolation.

"I'm not. I grew up and he didn't"

"Well, it's his loss."

"I definitely didn't loose much. He thought he was God's gift to women. He couldn't even last more than a couple of minutes in bed."

I couldn't help but laugh.

"I'm sorry. That was probably too much information."

"It's OK. If it helps you to talk about it then go ahead. Although, I have to admit it is a little strange hearing someone who I still remember as an 8 year old girl talking about her sex life."

Talking to Jessica about her sex life, or lack thereof had my mind wandering--wondering what this now sexy young woman would be like in bed. I felt my cock began to twitch.

"Do you have anything else to drink?" I asked.

"Sure."

As she went to the fridge to grab me another drink I couldn't help but take in her beauty. She had filled out nicely. She was now about 5'7, 135 lbs, with dark brown hair just past her shoulders. She had nice tan legs that were shown off nicely by the cotton shorts she was wearing. Her breasts were about a large b cup if I had to guess. They too were shown off nicely in the plain white t-shirt she wore.

I really didn't need another drink. I was buying time so I could adjust the hard-on our conversation concerning her sex life had given me.

"Here you go" she said handing me my drink.

"Thanks."

Instead of sitting in the chair across from me where she was sitting before, she sat on the sofa next to me.

"Can I ask you something?" she inquired

"Sure."

"Do you usually sit around with a boner?"

"Huh?"

"I saw you adjusting yourself when I was getting your drink. And it's hard to hide a boner in jeans."

I had been busted.

"Sorry. But, you're a nice looking woman now. And having a nice looking woman talking about sex just has that affect on a guy."

"It's actually kind of flattering. I thought you'd probably still see me as a little kid."

"You're definitely not a kid anymore."

"I certainly hope you wouldn't be sitting here with a boner if I were a kid."

"Hey now."

She laughed.

After she finished laughing she continued our friendly banter. "I'm impressed."

"With what?"

"You've been sitting there with that hard-on for about 10 minutes. I think my ex would've came in his pants by now."

"Glad I'm not him."

"I'm glad you're not him too."

There was a bit of an awkward silence before she asked, "Does it hurt?"

"No. If it hurt to have an erection men wouldn't want sex."

"No. I meant does it hurt to have a boner in jeans? It looks like it would hurt. It's trying to get out and the jeans are trying to hold it in."

"Well it is a bit uncomfortable. Generally you want to be naked when you've got a hard on. But, I don't think you want me to just whip it out right here."

"I bet you wouldn't do it even if I said yes."

"Want to bet on that?"

"I bet you won't"

I began to unzip and unbutton my jeans.

"You're bluffing" she said.

I let my jeans drop to the floor.

"You want take off your boxers"

I smiled as I pushed my boxers to the floor.

"Oh my God. I can't believe you just did that."

"You dared me."

"I didn't think you'd do it."

"Be careful what you ask for"

"Wow" she said as she looked at my fully erect cock. 

"Now, it's your turn."

"What?"

"It's your turn. You've seen mine. Now show me yours."

"I don't know" she said then after thinking for a moment added, "I'll flash my tits but that's it"

"Go for it"

As she freed her perky tits I couldn't help but comment, "Wow those are beautiful."

"Thanks"

"You're welcome. Can I touch them"

"I don't know...I mean...I guess"

As I reached out and lightly squeezed her now exposed breasts I decided to take a chance. I began to slowly rub and twist her nipples. They grew hard at my touch. She wasn't stopping me so I continued to massage her tits. I heard a soft moan from her lips as I noticed her eyes close. I leaned down and began to gently lick her nipples.

"Mmmm. That feels good"

I led her over to the sofa. Laying her on the sofa I kissed her neck and breasts, alternating back and forth. I began to kiss my way down her body. As my lips reached her stomach I felt her breathing quicken. I reached my hands inside the waist band of her shorts. Getting no resistance, I pulled them slowly over her hips, down her legs, and tossed them aside. I began to kiss her knees and then kissed my way up her legs. Stopping at her inner thighs, I noticed her legs spread a little further apart, inviting me to go further. I reached up and pulled her panties down, tossing them into the floor with her shorts. I also reached up and removed my shirt, tossing it aside as well.

I then began once again to kiss her inner thighs. Looking up, I noticed her eyes were closed and her head was tilted back. I then gently licked her cleanly shaven pussy for the first time. She flinched at the first touch. I continued gently licking and sucking her outer lips. Then I ever so lightly flicked her clit with my tongue. Her moans told me that she was enjoying my efforts. Continuing my oral attentions to her clit, I slid a couple of fingers inside her and began to finger her. She was wet with anticipation. I began to massage her g-spot, all the while still licking and sucking her now swollen clitoris.

After only a few minutes her breathing quickened and she began to buck wildly with the spasms of her first orgasm. Her juices drenched my tongue. I paused for just a moment to give her time to come back down. Then I began to lick and finger her pussy again. It wasn't long before she began to start bucking again, experiencing her second orgasm.

"Oh God, hold on. I'm getting too sensitive" she said.

Motioning for me to sit down, she got on her knees in front of me and began to lick my cock and balls.

"MMmmmm" I moaned.

All of a sudden I felt her mouth engulf my cock. I almost came right then and there but held on.

She began to bob up and down on my cock, taking it out of her mouth occasionally to lick the shaft and balls. 

After a while I couldn't hold it anymore. "I'm gonna cum" I warned her.

She kept sucking. I felt my balls tighten as I erupted into her mouth. I came more than I had in a long time--so much that she couldn't keep it all in her mouth, letting some drip down her chin, down my cock and onto my balls.

She swallowed and smiled, looked up at me and said, "That's the first time anyone has gone down on me."

"Glad I could be your first."

We then showered together and cleaned off. I really wanted to be inside of her but I didn't have any condoms and she was not on birth control. After chatting some more, we exchanged phone numbers and agreed to keep in touch. . .