 Hey Readers I hope you enjoy this story, love to hear your comments and suggestions. I have submitted three chapters so far with a fourth one in the making. 

Special Thank you to Bubba and Jen for helping me with the story, being a good friends and amazing editors. Without him this would have gone to "print".

*

Max glanced down at his watch '4:15pm,' he thought to himself, 'she should be walking in any moment.' He felt like a stalker, but he could not get over how beautiful this woman looked. He sat in a small quiet coffee shop, on the corner, he smiled realizing that he had no idea this place even existed till he saw her sitting at a table, in the window.

She sat in the same seat everyday, reading books and quietly sipping her soy latte at about the same time everyday. She was about 25 years old, with short brown hair, captivating blue eyes, and a smile that made his heart skip a beat every time he saw her. 

Max was a pretty regular looking guy, he had short unkempt blond hair, brown eyes, a lean face and body. He was only 5'7 and barely tipped the scale at 135 pounds. He was never into his looks and normally would toss on whatever felt comfortable.

Max's laptop sat in front of him, open and untouched, a text document sat open on the screen with only a few scant words written. He had been struggling with this story for the last month. The small chime on the door rang out breaking his thoughts, leaving the story all but forgotten. Turning towards the door he saw her walk in, she was smiling brightly like always, he felt the world slow to a crawl watching her walk through the small shop, she glanced at him as she walked by, not even breaking her stride or offering him a hello. The girls behind the counter sang out a hello, greeting her like an old friend, she chatted with the employees before taking her drink and crossing the room to her favorite table by the window.

She was wearing a white t-shirt, with the name of some rock band across the chest in gold block lettering, and the pair of faded blue jeans clung to her body, accentuating her movements with each stride. She sat down at the table, and then looked up, meeting his love sick gaze. Realizing he had been staring at her, he quickly looked down at his computer, chiding himself silently for being caught. He tried to focus on the laptop in font of him, but was surprised when the lid slowly started to shut on it's own. Looking up he saw her sitting in the chair across from him, she flashed him a smile as she removed her hand.

"Can I tell you something? I think I have a friendly stalker." she stated with some amusement in her voice. "See I have been coming here for a couple of months now, and there is this guy, who keeps showing up when I am here." Max shifted slightly in the seat, waiting for her to tell him to fuck off. "You know what though, he is kinda cute, and I bet if he would just sack up and come talk to me that I might actually give him the time of day."

"I...um..." Max quickly tried to come up with an excuse for his continued presence, or at least try to tell her how beautiful and stunning she is, but she cut him off quickly with a small shake of her head.

"See this is not the best way to do this. Now, I am gonna go sit back down at my table, read my book and sip my coffee and see if today is the day he finds some balls, if not it is probably best that he leaves, and doesn't come back!" with that she slowly rose from the table, turned and walked back over to take her seat at her own table. Max was stunned into silence, she flashed him one final glance and a smile before opening the book on the table and began to read.

His first instinct was to run, pack his things and quietly make his escape before he was further embarrassed. Max has always been shy around women, hell, around most people he is very shy, but he really wanted to meet her. He just wasn't sure what to say or do around people, which gave people the impression that he was mentally handicapped or a hermit. Max was not a hermit, he did have several friends, he just never went out to clubs or bars, and would prefer to sit in his apartment with a good book or a movie.

Sitting in his chair watching her he knew something had to change, this was the moment of truth for him, she gave him the choice. The ball was in his court now; should he run and hide, probably lose her forever, or take a chance. Max shut his laptop grabbing the messenger bag from the floor and stuffing it inside. His mind was quickly rolling through every scenario, what to say, how to approach her. Should he start by apologizing for his rude behavior? Maybe he should just confess his love for her and see how she reacts? 'NO!' he thought, if he did that, he would look even more like some sick stalker.

Grabbing his bag he slung it over his head so the strap lay across his chest, and it rested comfortably against his hip. Reaching for his coffee cup he noticed his hands were shaking, closing his eyes, he took a couple of deep breaths to calm his nerves. 

Walking across the small shop he stopped in front of her table, he could feel a cold chill run down his spine as he quietly cleared his throat. "Um-mm...excuse m..me, I just wanted to say I am sorry for, um kinda stalking you.." He spoke in a whisper, trying hard not to announce to the whole shop his seemingly crazy antics.

She glanced up from her book, watching him intently, slowly she closed the book and leaned back in her chair. "Hmm, no sorry, that won't do at all.... try again.." She replied reaching out to take a sip from her coffee. She tried to hide the smile behind her cup watching the confused look wash over his face, she waved a had at him shooing him away, he half turned away from her trying to figure out if she was blowing him off, or wanted him to say something else. "Go on, try the approach again," she said with a warm smile.

Max slowly turned and took several steps away from the table, glancing to the coffee shop counter he saw the two female employees watching the scene unfold, quietly whispering to each other and snickering. Turning around he saw her sitting at the table, watching him with interest.

Swallowing hard he again breathed deeply to steady himself, then walked back over to the table. "Hi, I am sorry I was stalking you but you see I think..." but he was cut short by her raised hand with the palm open, turning her hand she wiggled her index finger in a "come her" motion.

Leaning in he felt his mouth go dry his hands were shaking and he could feel a cold sweat streak down his back "Hey, look that approach isn't gonna work, your thinking too much, just kiss it." She whispered. Max stomach twisted so hard he thought he was going to vomit right there on the spot, at the thought of just walking up to her and planting a kiss on her sexy red lips. Seeing the look on his face, and realizing what she said, she rolled her eyes, and hissed "Keep. It. Simple Stupid." 

Max didn't even realize he was holding his breath till he felt the familiar burning sensation in his chest, nodding his head he stepped back from the table and turned, taking a deep breath before turning back to the table, before he could even think about what he was going to say, with as much confidence as he could muster he walked right up to the table, and held out his hand, "Hi, I...I'm Max."

She sat back for a second again drawing her gaze over him, judging this new approach, she could see the little bit of confidence he had mustered for this attempt, and indeed attempted to keep things simple.

Reaching out she grasped his hand firmly giving it a shake as she spoke "Hey Max, I am Tina! How are you today?" she replied with a small laugh.

"Good...I..I am sorry if I...I mean, I wasn't trying..." his mind was running a mile a minute, trying to come up with a nice explanation for his actions the last couple of months. He glanced down at his shaking hands, and then quickly shoved them into his pockets of his jeans trying to hide his nervousness. "Shit! I'm sorry.." he exclaimed nervously, half turning towards the door and his chance for freedom from his botched approach. He knew if he moved now he could be out the door and around the corner before she would have a chance to pack her things and get out of her chair. 

"Max! Sit!" She commanded pushing the chair, opposite of her out with her foot. Max slowly sank into the chair, feeling defeated, he chided himself again for acting like a teenager trying to ask his high school crush to the fall dance. "Dude, you ok?" she asked with a note of real concern in her voice.

Looking up from his lap he saw the worried look on her face, as she leaned across the small round wooden table to see his face, her head was tilted slightly to the right, in an effort to see his shame hidden face. "Yeah...I am just not good with people; I don't really know how to talk to them." he whispered back.

"Hey, it's cool Max, I understand, you just need to relax a bit, you're so tense you look like your going to implode." She said with a giggle, leaning back in her chair. "So, Max, I gotta know something..."

"Um-mm ok..." he replied shifting in his seat watching her lean forward slightly narrowing her eyes.

"What are you doing on your laptop? Your always typing on it, are you secretly hacking the pentagon or something?" She said crossing her arms in front of her chest leaning them on the table in front of her.

"Well, I am a writer, I am kinda working on the story for my next book, dealing with some writers block at the moment..." He replied blushing at the thought of nature of stories he writes.

"That's cool! What's your last name, maybe I have read some of your stuff? What kinda of stories do you write?"

"Well, I use a pen name, but I am sure you have never read my stuff...it is...obscure."

"Come on, its not like you write porn or anything..." she remarked sarcastically, but fell silent watching his gaze fall into his lap, and a deep red blush flash across his cheeks and the bridge of his nose. "Oh my god! Your fucking kidding me?!" she stammered trying to stifle a laugh.

'And this is the part where I get shot to hell' Max thought to himself slowly standing up from his chair. He could feel the burning warmth of the blush in his cheeks and could barely lift his gaze to look at her. Mumbling a good bye he turned to leave but was stopped by a firm hand on his elbow. Looking down he saw her half standing, half leaning across the table, she gently pulled his elbow, urging him to turn to face her. "Max, sit please." she whispered giving him a sweet reassuring smile. "I promise you, I won't judge you, if you don't judge me. OK?"

"OK." Max whispered, sitting back into his chair, he took off his messenger bag, leaning it against the chair leg before looking up to meet her reassuring smile. He blushed again despite himself and replied "So...what do you want to know?"

"Well, what kind of stories do you write?" She replied leaning forward and placing her folded arms on the table.

"Um-mm. Just romantic, type stories..." he mumbled

"With sex? I mean like, he stuck his manhood in her flower, or more like, he jammed his throbbing cock in her dripping pussy?" 

"Well kinda both." he chuckled nervously at her examples "It depends on what works better with the story."

"Have you ever been published?" She asked leaning back and giving him a quizzical look.

"Yes, several of them have been published..." He replied sheepishly, feeling a flush of warmth in his cheeks again.

"You know, you blush a lot. Are you embarrassed to talk about this? I can stop asking questions if you want." she asked letting the last few words trail off.

"No! I mean, I just don't really talk about this kinda thing much, most people get... uncomfortable, when the subject of my stories come up." he shifted slightly in his seat, and began to fidget with his fingers in his lap.

"I am fine with it, I read erotic stories quiet a bit actually. So tell me a title of one of your stories, maybe I have read it."

"Well... how about Love with a Bullet?" he whispered, a voice inside his head was praying she had never read story, considering it is one of his best selling books, he was sure she might have probably seen the title somewhere. 

"Wait...Love with a Bullet....Oh My God! You're telling me that you're Max Steele??? Man I really liked that book!" Tina sat back in her chair, the look of shock on her face was priceless and almost comical to Max, he tried to hide his smile, but was failing miserably at it.

"Yes... I am.." he said with a bit of pride in his voice.

"But...But I have seen him, he was doing a book signing about two months ago at the Book Nook, and he looked nothing like you?" she stammered

"Well that is an actor, the publishing house thought it might sell more books, if women thought some handsome guy was the author. Actually Steele is not even my last name, it's Summers." he replied giving a shrug of his shoulders.

"How did you get into writing this kind of thing?" she asked genuinely intrigued. 

"Well..." before he could finish his thought a shrill ring came from his pocket, giving a frustrated grunt he pulled out his cell phone and saw that it was his manager calling. "I am sorry, I have to take this." he sighed giving her a weak apologetic smile.

"Hey What's up?" he questioned holding the phone to his ear.

"DUDE! Where are you?!" his manger Kevin yelled, he sounded angry and frustrated.

"What? I am at the coffee shop, why, what's the problem?"

"The meeting with the editor got pushed up to today! Didn't you get the e-mail I sent?"

"Um-mm No? What time today?"

"It's like, in 10 minutes!! You need to get your ass here like now!" he replied in desperation.

"Ok..OK I will be there soon I am only a couple of blocks away."

"Your killin' me Smalls!" A favorite movie quote, his manager Kevin used a lot, this usually meant he was under the gun and needed results immediately.

"Ok ok, I am on my way.." Max replied giving a defeated sigh, angrily he pushed the end call button and stuffed it back into his pocket. "I am sorry I really have to go.." he apologized standing up, and grabbing his small black messenger bag.

"Well, ok, but can we talk again? Soon? Maybe I can help you with the story?"

"Yes! How about tonight? My place? I will cook dinner and we can, chat?" he inquired with some hesitation in his voice.

"Perfect! What time? I get off work at 7pm." she excitedly replied

"Um mm how about 7:30?"

"Sure, I should be able to do that, what is your address?"

"Oh, yeah." Digging into his bag he pulled out a pen and a sheet of paper, jotting down his address as well as his cell phone number. "When you get there just tell the door man your here to see me, he will let you in. I will tell him to expect you." Passing her the paper he watched her eyes grow wide, with the realization that the address was a very expensive apartment complex downtown.

"I hope your not fucking with me Max." she commented giving him a side long glance.

Max just smiled back at her and replied, "I promise I am not. I hope you come by tonight."

"For sure!" she said giving him a warm smile in return, again his heart skipped a beat when she smiled at him, turning he quickly walked out the door of the shop, humming softly to himself.

******

7:30 would not come soon enough for Max; he paced back and forth, in his large apartment, straightening up the pillows on the couch for the third time that day. The meeting with the editor had gone horribly, since Max still did not have a rough draft for his first ten chapters for his next book. He tried sitting down several times since the meeting to work on it, but thoughts of Tina and her amazing smile kept flashing into his mind and distracting him.

Max had kinda lied about cooking dinner, he placed an order with the in house chef which was a perk of living in such a fine apartment complex when he got home. Normally it would take a year or more to get into this complex, but with the help of his manager, he moved in after a week of being on the waiting list. The apartment had three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a full kitchen, living room and dining area, he knew it was more space then he ever needed, but he enjoyed the perks of being a somewhat famous author.

Glancing down at his watch he checked the time for the millionth time and realized it was 7:45pm. He glanced in the large mirror in his bedroom pushing away the desire to change his clothes again, for the fifth time since he came home. 

Walking back into the living room he nervously rubbed his palms together glancing at the door of the apartment willing her to knock on the door. Combing his fingers through his blond hair he nervously walked to a brown recliner and sat down trying to slow his breathing and steady his twisting stomach.

His mind wove through every conceivable conversation and topic he could think of. Questions he wanted to ask and things about him, he knew she would ask about. His thoughts slowly drifted to sex, this caused his manhood to instantly respond, playing through several bedroom scenarios, each ending with the two of them wrapped around each other, confessing their love for one another.

A soft knock snapped him out of his day dreaming, jumping up from his chair, a sudden terrifying realization hit him, glancing down he could see the front of his jeans were tented with his arousal. Glancing around the room frantically he looked for something to cover his erection with. Groaning quietly he ran into his bedroom and grabbed his laptop off the desk, snapping it closed he placed it in front of his pants, hoping that his erection would subside before a reason caused him to set the laptop down. 

Rushing back to the door he peered out the peep hole to see Tina standing there nibbling on her lower lip looking around the hallway. Smiling to himself he took a deep breath and opened the door.

"Hey! How are you?" he asked nervously shifting the laptop in front of himself.

Tina glanced down at the computer in his hands arching her left eyebrow, "Good...How are you?" she said with some hesitation.

"Umm good, thanks." He shifted in place trying to imagine anything and everything that would cause his arousal to weaken, but seeing her before him in a plain white dress shirt and black dress slacks, carrying a black book bag over her left shoulder, was not helping in the least.

Clearing her throat quietly, she glanced into the apartment, then back to him with a questioning look. "Can...I come in?" she asked tentatively, motioning with her hand into the doorway.

"Oh right! Yeah come on in!" he stammered stepping to one side to allow her to enter, trying to adjust the laptop to block her view of him.

Tina stepped through the door and past him walking down the short hallway that led into the living room. A small kitchen was on her right; a small dining table was in front of it, and the living room on the other side. There was also a second hallway next to the kitchen that led down to a bed room, with a bathroom door on the right hand side, left of the living room was a second door, which was shut.

She stopped in the living room giving a low whistle as she turned in a complete circle taking in the whole lay out of the apartment. The walls were decorated with several movie posters in frames, pictures hung on the cream colored white walls. She gave him one of those sweet sexy smiles when their eyes met.

"So, were you working on your next story?" she said with a sultry wink, glancing to the laptop in his hands, guessing that it was there to conceal rather than record. 

"Uh..yeah..kinda.." he said with feeling the familiar of warmth spread across his face.

She gave a giggle walking over to him and wrapping her arm through his. "It's ok you know, I am not gonna leave cause your story gave you a, chubby." she whispered in his ear with a giggle, pulling him further into the living room by his arm. Hanging his head in shame he felt his stomach twist, knowing that it was not the story that aroused him but some very naughty thoughts he was having prior to her arrival. "I am sorry I am late but work made me stay to finish up a table I had served." she stated matter of factually. 
