 Sam knew something was up as soon as he got home. The rock that always hid his spare key was turned over. He didn't know why he kept that thing there; in case he locked himself out, he guessed. Well, it wasn't there now.

He approached the door and opened it cautiously, cringing at the creek of the hinge. So far nothing out of order. He padded into the foyer and peeked around toward the living room. Huh. Legs. He saw a pair of legs cocked over the arm rest of his sofa, a pair of bare feet swinging back and forth. Bare legs, too, at least up to mid thigh where the back of the couch cut off his view. They were slender, just a bit curvy, young and female. Her plastic flip flops were kicked onto the floor beneath cute feet flashing cherry red toenails.

He watched for a few seconds, and caught sight of her phone in her hand a couple of times above the sofa, dangling a pink headphone cord. He relaxed and approached. As he cleared the edge and saw her face, he stopped and did a double take.

"Katie, is that you?"

She saw him and her face broke into a huge smile. "Hi, Mr. Hadron! Yeah, remember me?" she asked, pulling her earphones free.

"Of course I do," he said with a laugh. Kat's family had lived next door for years and Sam had gotten to be good friends with her parents and almost like an uncle to her, over the course of dozens of combined back yard BBQ's and pool parties. Hell, they used to watch the game at one neighbor's house or the other practically every weekend. But her family had moved out of the state a number of years ago and they'd all kind of lost touch. The last time he saw Katie she was getting Barbie's hair stuck in the hot tub jets and building castles in the sandbox with the grown-ups' beer cups.

"What's it been, eight years?" he asked, taking in the sight before him. She wasn't a little girl anymore, that much was certain. The tiny t-shirt of a dress she had on was stretched nearly to its limit over her substantial breasts, her large nipples pressing into the thin cotton. It would have been about mid-thigh length standing up, but lying on the cushions on her back as she was, with her legs kicked up over the arm rest, made it sit a good deal higher on her. Right up to the edge, he thought, not quite able to see anything much besides enticing expanses of tender inner thigh.

"Yeah, I think so," she agreed. "I just graduated a couple of months ago."

"Wow, congratulations Kat!"

"Thanks Mr. Hadron," she beamed.

"Kat, you're all grown up now. You call me Sam, alright?"

She grinned. "Okay, Sam."

"So, what's the story? What brings you out here?"

"Well, Mr--er, I mean, well, Sam, I had my eighteenth birthday a while back. And my parents just haven't been very understanding of my needs for, you know, more privacy and independence, now that I'm an adult. I kind of wanted to get away from all that. And I've been missing the beach out this way. I thought, maybe, if I asked you, I might be able to stay here for a bit. Just while I look for a place of my own."

"Ah, I see." He walked around in front of the sofa. "Well that could be alright, I suppose, but there'd be a few things to work out, I think." He paced a little. "You see I've got just the one bedroom in here. Just the one bed."

"Oh, I wouldn't mind crashing here on the couch," she said, with a pleading look.

"Oh, no, I couldn't make you do that. It's really just kind of a love seat. Look how your legs hang off. No, I think I'll have to share the bed with you. It's really plenty large and I couldn't make you cram in here when I have all that space to myself."

She was nodding along, realizing he wasn't saying no. "Well that does sound better," she agreed.

He stopped pacing and reached down to pull his shirt up over his head. He tossed it aside and looked at her. "There's just a little hiccup," he said. The girl's eyes had gone a little round.

"What do you mean, Mr, er, Sam?"

He unbuttoned his pants, and hooked his thumbs into his boxers, starting to ease them down. Her eyes went even wider in surprise as his penis came into view.

"You see, Kat, I sleep in the nude." He pushed the pants the rest of the way down and stepped out. His cock hung heavy and thick, swinging between his thighs as he moved, and he enjoyed the way her eyes followed it, mesmerized. "I sleep like this," he continued, gesturing at his naked body. "So if we're going to share a bed we have to be sure that you'll be okay with that."

"Oh." She was silent for a moment, taking him in. His cock was filling, slowly, just from the pleasure of her attention. And perhaps a bit of anticipation. Finally, she nodded. "I don't mind, Sam."

"Good." He smiled. "Now, how about you?"

"What about me?"

"Well, you're not a girl anymore. A woman like you, I'm sure, doesn't wear pajamas to bed, does she?"

"Oh, no," she shook her head quickly. "Of course not."

"Right. I mean, some young women might still wear a little something. But not a woman so mature for her age as you, I bet."

"No, you're right, Sam," she nodded. "I sleep naked all the time. Been doing it for awhile now."

"I thought so," he said, sitting down on the edge of the couch. "Why don't you stand up for me. Here, there you go." She swung her legs out past him and stood, and he reached over and took the hem of her dress and slowly lifted it up. She had little cotton panties on, and the cutest little cleft where the flimsy fabric reached across her pussy. "Lift up your arms, sweetie." She gave a nervous laugh as she did what he asked, and he drew the garment up past her perky, voluminous tits, which bounced wonderfully as they fell free, and then up over her head.

"And these," he said encouragingly, as he reached for the panties. He touched the elastic at her leg band, slipping a finger underneath, along the side of her pussy, and lifting the material up just a bit.

"I'm not sure this is necessary, Mr. Hadron," she said, looking adorably nervous, the way she tucked a knee inward, nibbling on one side of her lower lip.

"Of course it is." He took hold of her waist band and worked it down her hips, and to the floor at her feet. Her pussy was completely smooth. Her labia were round mounds on each side of a moist, pinkish crevice. She kind of instinctively brought a hand down, trying to protectively touching herself with a few fingertips, in a way that just made her look more vulnerable and tempting.

"That's great, Katie," he said, giving her an appraising stare.

"Yeah?"

"Come here, sit down with me." She started to sit and he guided her pert little bottom into his lap, draping her legs over his. Her cheeks pulled apart a little as she sank down onto him. His cock stretched out and laid alongside her hip, firming up and growing thicker against her warm skin. She felt it and looked down, fascinated.

"Remember this?" he asked, bringing a hand up, pinching her nose. "Got your nose," he joked.

She giggled and smiled at him with affection, remembering how they used to play. "Of course," she laughed, her supple young body jiggling against his delightfully.

He laughed with her, and moved his hand down a bit, bringing his thumb to rest on her lower lip, and tugging it down slightly. She looked a little confused by the new twist on their old game, but her teeth parted, perhaps to say something, and he slipped right in, lightly touching her tongue, feeling its texture, warm and moist.

"Now just one last thing to deal with," he said, casually exploring her tongue, which jumped and wriggled against him enjoyably, unsure how to react to the intruding digit. His other hand was resting on her bare back, stroking her along the length of her spine with a familiar touch as if they relaxed together like this every day. "What kind of rent were you thinking about?" he asked.

She looked a little surprised, and said something like "Enth?" as best she could around his thumb. He pulled it out, dragging a trail of saliva along with it, across her cheek, and then her chin. He let the hand fall to her shoulder and the spit covered thumb rested on her collarbone.

"Rent?" she repeated, licking her lips.

"Yes, what were you thinking of contributing?" he asked, hand sliding down now onto her soft, expansive breast. She took a deep breath as he squeezed her tit and pinched her big pink nipple.

"I'm not sure," she squeaked, "I don't have any money right now, that's why I need a place..."

"Mmm, of course," he nodded, hefting her tit in his palm and rubbing his thumb across her hardening nipple. "I think what we could do instead would be like a work arrangement."

"What kind of work arrangement?" she asked, shifting in his lap. He felt a hot wetness spreading where her pussy dragged over his thigh.

"Well, more like a game, really. It would be kind of like Simon says. Except that everything I say would be Simon says."

"Oh, I-- Oh." She couldn't quite seem to get a breath, as he brought his other hand around and squeezed both of her tits at once. "I see."

"Go ahead and open up your legs for me, honey bee." He rested a hand on her thigh, slowly sliding it upward. "Let me get a nice look at that little pussy of yours."

She looked up at him with big eyes and breathed, "Okay, Mr--Okay, Sam," before parting her legs. She brought up one knee, letting it lean out and rest on the back cushions. The other fell to the side, off the edge of the couch, spreading her out nicely. 

"That's a good girl," he said, sliding his hand the rest of the way up her thigh. He cupped her pubic mound, feeling the moist heat radiating from it. Her slit was sealed with her own sticky secretions. He just held her vulva gently for a moment, letting her shift her hips in response, before he worked the tip of his middle finger into the crevice, right down near her tightly puckered asshole, and drew it up the length of her opening. Her smooth labia parted, and glistening inner lips curled out like petals of a blossoming flower.

"Oh my god," she whispered, as his fingers slipped back down, sliding now between newly exposed folds of flesh. He dipped one large digit, and then a second, farther inside, feeling her body close and tighten, hot and wet around him.

"That's just perfect," he said, withdrawing his fingers with a moist squelching sound.

"Oh, Sam," she whispered, catching her breath and gazing at him with heavy, pleasure saturated eyes. They widened just a bit as he brought his slick fingers up close. He laid his hand across her face, smearing her own juices over her cheeks and eyelids. He pushed her lips apart and entered her mouth, feeling her warm little tongue wriggling around in there as his fingertips made themselves at home, circling around, exploring deeper.

"Mmph," she murmured.

He pulled out, dragging her bottom lip with his finger, drawing a trail of saliva down her chin. He let her take a breath, stroking her cheek with his wet hand for a moment, before slipping a thick thumb between her slippery lips. "You're doing great, Katie," he assured her. She nodded, trying to smile up at him as he tugged at her cheek.

"Okay, Kat," he said, pulling her face this way and that by the pinch hold he had on her cheek. He guided her head backward, laid her down, and flipped her legs up toward her tits. He leaned in with his hands on her thighs, pushing her feet up into the air. Her pussy lips pulled apart wetly.

Her pert little asshole was like the knot at the bottom of a balloon. He wanted to sink a thumb into that, but he'd get there. He rubbed the head of his cock up and down her drippy pussy lips, and pushed himself down, sinking into her crevice. She made a little squeak as her skin stretched out around his swollen cock, so he slowed, and reached down to stroke her labia with his thumb, and press it into the slit, rub it around her clit. She let out a long sound, part moan and part cry, as he pressed on, sinking into her. The head of his cock disappeared between her lips, and then the shaft, inch by inch, until he was grinding his pubic bone hard against hers.

"Uhh-hh-hh god," she grunted, eyes rolling toward the ceiling. Sam pushed back and let his cock come almost all the way out, moist pussy lips almost closing around the withdrawing head, before he sank back in, more firmly this time, eliciting a gasp. A few more minutes of that and he did pull out, taking his cock in hand and slapping it against her gaping gash with a wet smack, once, twice. She twitched each time.

"Here, Katie," he said, sitting back. He rose up on his knees and brought his cock up to her face, laying it's wet bulk across her cheek. He smeared her juices around her nose and lips and said, "Have a taste for me, honey." She looked up and opened her pert little mouth.

He laid his cock on her tongue and moved it around, sliding in and out a little. He lifted it up and flicked, slapping against her tongue and soft pallet, before sliding in, slowly, deeply. She closed her lips around him and sucked as he sank in to the point of resistance, the head of his cock resting against the back of her throat. He stopped, and held there for a moment, pressing slightly, just enough to elicit a gag. Her hands came up and grabbed his hips as he stayed put through her little spasm, pushing into her warm throat. Finally he pulled back, allowing her to cough a mouthful of sticky froth onto her tits and gasp.

"I'm going to need you to take me down into your throat, okay, honey?" he asked. "You think you can do that for me?"

She nodded up at him. "I can try for you, Sam," she said, looking so determined and adorable.

"Okay baby. Just come up here like this," he said, as he positioned her on all fours on the couch, face turned up toward him. He stroked her cheek with one hand, pushing his fingers into her hair as he lined up his cock in front of her parted lips. He leaned in, letting his cock slide over her tongue, and press into the back of her throat. He gently held her beneath the chin with his free hand, stroking her neck up and down. He could feel the bulge of his cock there, through her skin.

He tightened his fingers in her hair and said "Now when I push down into your throat, I need you to just try and swallow. Just relax your muscles and open up and swallow the whole thing down in one long gulp."

She couldn't say much but her eyes were eager, staring up at him. She gave a little nod. He held her head in his two hands and pushed in, slowly. With his hand on her neck he could feel the bulge move further down. He could feel her throat move around his cock as she repeatedly did her best to swallow him down. He gently squeezed her throat with his hand, feeling it in his cock, through her flesh. The surprise sensation made her quiver all over. He held the slight pressure as he pulled back out, letting her get a breath.

"You like that?" he asked, letting his cock slip out of her mouth. He turned her face up and slapped it across her lips, splattering them with a froth of saliva and pre-cum. He rubbed it around, slapped it up and down some more. He got her eye and cheek. Her face was glistening, dripping.

"Yeah," she panted, smiling under his cock. "I love it--"

He slipped his thumb into the corner of her mouth and tugged on her cheek, turning her this way and that for a few seconds, before pushing the head of his cock up against her drippy lips, slipping inside her wet mouth.

"This is working out great, honey bee," he said, pressing into her throat once more. Now she swallowed smoothly, taking him down until her jaw was open wide and her lips were stretched around the very base of his cock. Now he began to pull all the way out, and then quickly push his full length back down her throat, repeatedly. She made little muffled moaning sounds, gasping for air around his thrusting cock.

The heat in his balls was building to a boil now. He erupted once inside her throat, fire rushing up his shaft and into her belly, and quickly drew back, a bubbly rope of cum and spit connecting his cock to someplace deep within her mouth. The second spurt splashed across her lips, followed by several more raining white streaks of semen over her cheeks, and nose, and one right over her closed eye, eyebrow, and onto her forehead.

"Oh my g--" she began, before he slipped his glazed member back between her cummy lips.

"Suck it all out for me, baby," he said, stroking her hair, and she obediently tightened her warm lips and pressed her tongue against him and suckled, drawing out the last gobbets of cum.

"That's it, good girl."

"Did I do it right?" she asked, as he withdrew his cock from her mouth.

"You're doing great, Katie," he said, tapping the head of it around her lips and nose. "Just fantastic." He smeared the cum over her lips and tapped some more, spattering her. His erection wasn't going anywhere. He used his cock to push some of the cum on her lips into her mouth, painting her tongue with a pearly sheen.

"Now," he said, sitting back, "let's see what else you can do."

She grinned enthusiastically, semen dripping down her face. "Okay Mr. Hadron. I mean Sam."

He grabbed her knee and lifted, swinging it out and up. He pushed it onto the back of the sofa, until her belly button and her juicy pussy were both pointing up at the ceiling. Her head got shoved down and kind of lodged in the cushions. He reached down and rubbed the cum on her face around in a quick circle with his hand, spreading it over her eyes and forehead and chin, and then brought a handful up to slap onto her smooth, wet pussy. He rubbed the slick semen all over her labia and pushed it down into her warm opening with his fingers.

"You ready, honey bee?" he asked, sliding his slippery hand over his cock.

"Mmm-hmmh," she groaned.

He pressed the head of his cock into her gooey opening, and rubbed it up and down the length of her slit a few times, making squelching sounds as he dipped in and out of her wet lips. She squirmed and moaned as he thumbed her clit and thrust his cock just barely in and out of her creamy vagina. He watched as her inner lips stretched around him and pulled out with him whenever he drew back, then tucked in as he drove forward. He sank deeper and deeper, finally disappearing entirely inside her tight little pussy.

"Oh fuck," he panted, pounding his full length in and out of her floppy body. Her legs looked like they might jangle loose under the assault. There was a steady stream of grunting sounds coming from her head down below.

He suddenly pulled all the way out, just to the edge of her opening, and slipped the tip of his cock down over her perineum, sliding into the puckered ring of her asshole. She gasped as he pressed in, her ass stretching around the head of his cock, swallowing him down slow and steady. He sank in until he was wearing her anus like a cock ring, making her yelp and squeak. Then back out, almost all the way out, stretching her asshole over the ridge of his cock head, before plunging back in.

"Oh fuck, what a great decision this was," he said, feeling the cum boiling in his balls. He pulled out just as the cum gushed forth, streaming into the folds and crevices of her ass and pussy. The next spurt streaked across her clit and down her tummy, and the last few spilled onto her tits and even her face, plopping onto her lips and cheek like melty soft serve.

She started to lick at the fresh cum on her lips, but he was already reaching down to smear it around her face a bit, and push it in her mouth with his thumb. His other hand was rubbing the warm semen around and between and into her pussy lips, and sliding his slippery fingers in and out as she continued to twitch and squirm.

"Mmmm, Sam," she moaned, smiling up at him.

"You like paying your rent, honey bee?"

"Mmmm, I love it," she said, touching the cum on her chest and moving it around with her fingertips.
