 This story continues directly on from my previous story, "Remember Me? - Part 1"

* 

In the morning, I woke up from a deep sleep, where I had been dreaming, with crystal clarity and amazing detail, about my high school days. I was lying on my right side, and when I opened my eyes, I found myself looking at an unfamiliar window. For a moment, I didn't know where I was, but then I remembered. I was in my hotel room, and I had gone to the reunion. I turned to lie on my back, and then the other memories of last night flooded back, the memories of Linda, and the sweet exhilaration, the intense excitement, and the exquisite pleasure I had felt, as she offered her lovely body to me when we made love.

Yes, that was the expression that went through my head when I thought about last night. Linda and I had "made love." It was years since I'd had a one-night stand, long before I was married, but I had never before looked at a one night stand as being about, "making love." Yet, when I replayed the events of last night in my mind, that's the way I saw what Linda and I had done together.

I turned to my left, but there was no-one in the bed with me, although the rumpled sheets and pillow still had a faint trace of Linda's light, sweet, stylish scent, and I realised the hissing I could hear was the shower running in the en-suite. I looked up at the door, which was open, with wisps of steam curling out, and I lay there for a few minutes, waiting. I heard the water stop, and the shower recess door opening, and a moment or two later, Linda stepped out of the en-suite, brushing her strawberry blonde hair, with a white hotel towel wrapped around herself, clinging to her curvy figure. She was obviously unaware I was awake, because when he looked at the bed, and saw me looking up at her, she smiled in surprise, and said, "We'll, good morning, Mr Roberts. I hope you had a good sleep, because I slept like a baby."

"Same here," I said, stretching in the bed.

Linda gave her hair a few more strokes with the brush, and quickly checked herself in the mirror, then sat on the other side of the bed, turning to look at me. "I woke up, and you were sound asleep," she said, speaking softly and smiling, "so I helped myself to the complimentary pack of toiletries in the bathroom." She swung around and moved up on the bed, so she was now sitting next to me with her back against the headboard, and she said, mischievously, "I had a shower and got myself all freshened up, so when you woke up, I was thinking maybe you could make a mess of me all over again."

"I like that idea," I said, looking up at her from my pillow, "but maybe I should get freshened up too."

"Good thinking," Linda said, and she slid down on the bed, so she was lying on her right side, facing me, still wrapped in her towel, and she put her left palm on my chest. She leaned over and kissed me, with mint toothpaste on her breath, and added, "But don't be too long." Her blue-grey eyes sparkled, as she continued with, "Even though I promise I won't start without you. I've done enough of that in the last few months to last me a lifetime." She finished with a giggle, and I realised I was really beginning to like the sound of her laughter.

I slid out of the right side of the bed, a little self-conscious of my morning erection, and somehow in spite of the intimacy of what Linda and I had done last night, I felt slightly awkward about letting her see me naked, with a roaring horn.

Linda must have realised, because she said, "Okay, I won't look," and she covered her eyes with her hands, and said, with mock urgency, "Duck to the shower, Kevin! Quick! Before I take a peek at you!"

I walked naked to the en-suite, as Linda lay on the bed, covering her eyes, and smiling from behind her hands. Between a full bladder, and the arousing memory of Linda lying there with that fluffy towel clinging to her curvy form, along with the anticipation of what was going to happen after I finished my shower, I had to fight to aim myself at the porcelain, and then I jumped under the hot water. After a quick wash, I cleaned my teeth, and went back into the room, wearing a towel myself.

My cock was now like the bowsprit on the Cutty Sark, so I couldn't do much about the bulge in front, and as I emerged from the en-suite, Linda was under the covers, with her towel lying on the floor. She was obviously naked in the bed, and she looked straight at my cock, and with a straight face, she said, "It looks like you brought me a present. I feel kind of honoured." This time, I was one who giggled.

"I thought you gave it to me," I said, smiling back at her, "You caused it, anyway."

"Well, wherever it came from, I think we should do something about it," Linda said, "I'd hate to see such talent going to waste." Her voice was suddenly a little more husky, and I moved to her side of the bed, and sat beside her as she lay there. I leant down, to kiss her softly on her mouth, holding the kiss briefly, and then breaking it, solely so I could look into her pretty eyes.

"You made me come four times last night," Linda whispered, our faces still close, "and I woke up still tingling, this morning." She put her right hand behind my head, and pulled me to her, kissing me with a soft, slightly open mouth, and a tantalising touch of her tongue, controlling the kiss, and only breaking it when she was ready.

"You're making me very greedy, you naughty man," she breathed, as our mouths finally parted, "because I want you again." She kissed me one more time, and as a warm feeling of excitement washed through me, she said, "It's very comfy in this bed, you know. I think you should join me."

"I like the way you think," I said, and I got up, and walked around the bed, and after dropping the towel, I slid in under the covers, on Linda's right. As I dropped the towel, Linda's eyes went to my jutting tool again, and she gave me her mischievous smile, but said nothing, as I got in beside her.

"That's better," Linda said, and I turned on my left side, resting on my elbow, and lifted the covers so I could look at her naked body. Last night we had made love with the covers over us every time, and although Linda had let me see her in her underwear, she had seemed reluctant to let me look her totally naked. This time, I looked at her, lying there, with her triangle of light golden brown pubic hair contrasting with her fair skin, and for a couple of moments, I just lay there, taking it all in.

Linda let me look for those few moments saying nothing, but looking at my face, and she said "You like looking, don't you?"

"At you, yes, " I answered, meeting her gaze, "I like what I see very much."

"I feel a little self-conscious, lying here like this," Linda said, in a soft voice, "but I'm glad you like what you see. It makes me feel good when you look at me." She reached over with her left hand, and took my right hand in it, and placed it gently on her mound of Venus, and she added, "But you're allowed to do more than look, you know."

I let my fingers trail down along her pussy, feeling the warmth and the dampness down there, and I eased my first finger between her inner lips, now slick and slippery with her juices. Linda flinched a little, as my finger touched that intimate part of her lovely body, and she swallowed before speaking. "I've been lying here while you were in the shower, thinking about last night, and what was going to happen again when you came back out. That's why I'm so wet down there." She reached down with her left hand, and very gently pressed my hand into her own pussy, and she took a soft, but deep breath. "Last night was the first time I've made love with a man this year," she said, gently biting her lower lip, and adding, "And we did it three times in one night!" She sighed, and went on with, "And I still want more." Then, with another mischievous, girlish smile, she said, "I think you might be a bad influence on me, Kevin, you're making me insatiable." Somehow, the look on her face didn't suggest that was a bad thing.

I leaned over to kiss Linda's mouth again, while I gently fondled her warm, wet, slippery pussy with my right hand, and after we had kissed for a moment, I moved my mouth to her right nipple, kissing her there first, and then gently placing my lips around it. I sucked Linda's nipple, being as gentle as I could, while I worked my finger into her wet pussy, and I felt her flinching again, and taking a ragged breath.

Linda swallowed, and whispered, "You'll make me come doing that," as she placed her right hand behind my head, to stroke my hair, and then she added, "I feel like I'm on a hair trigger with you. Your touch is so gentle, and so sexy, in two places at once!"

"I think you're the one who's sexy," I said, as I took my lips from her nipple. I kissed Linda's mouth again, and as we kissed, and I fondled her pussy, Linda moved her right hand down my back, to rest it on my buttock. She broke our kiss, and said, "Would you like to be inside me now? Because I'd really like you there." As she spoke, she opened her legs slightly, and ran the first finger of her left hand down between her pussy lips, to touch my hand, as I gently worked my finger in and out of her pussy.

"I couldn't think of anywhere else I'd rather be," I said, and I kissed Linda's mouth again, holding the kiss as I moved between her legs, and breaking it so I could look into her face as I entered her. I felt the sensitive head of my rigid cock against the warm, wet opening of Linda's pussy, and I looked into her eyes, as I gently pushed inside. Linda tilted and lifted her pelvis, eager to assist me in entering her, and once again, our bodies were united.

I began to stroke gently inside Linda's sweet, snug pussy, and with each gentle thrust, she lifted and tilted her pelvis to meet me, making me go just that little deeper. We got into a perfect rhythm, and I could feel the walls of her pussy, as they seemed to mould themselves to every contour of my hard cock, while Linda and I kissed passionately, hot and hard, tasting, exploring each other's mouths, inhaling each other's breath, stoking each other's desire.

"I'm not gonna last long," Linda said, breathlessly, as we thrust at each other in that bed, "All that kissing and touching, and just thinking about what you did to me last night," she said, taking another breath, "got me so excited! I'm sorry! I can't help it! I'm gonna come!"

"Don't worry," I said, hearing my own voice becoming more urgent, "Just do it!"

Linda wrapped her arms around my back, and her legs around my pelvis, holding herself to me, still meeting my thrusts, breathing harder, kissing me passionately between breaths, and she broke a kiss, to cry out, "I'm sorry, Kevin! I can't help it! You fuck so beautifully! I can't hold on!"

I felt Linda's arms tighten around my shoulders, as she began to thrust her pelvis back at me, driving my cock deep inside with every stroke, and she tilted her head back on her pillow, closed her eyes, and made a long throaty gasp, and said, "Ohh, Kevin, that's good!! Ohhh, Kevin!! That's fantastic!!"

I had felt my own orgasm building up, and I knew I wasn't far away from coming myself, but seeing Linda in the throes of her own passion, as her pussy worked my cock to perfection, feeling myself being driven deep inside her beautiful body, and then hearing her cry out my name like that, I had to give in. I could not hold on any longer, and my own orgasm burst, and one more time, I felt myself spurting my seed into this beautiful woman, as my entire consciousness was engulfed in pure, sweet pleasure.

I kept thrusting, as Linda's pussy seemed to milk my orgasm from me, and she finished with three shuddering breaths, and opened her eyes, now just tilting herself to meet me, rather than thrusting back, while the final twinges of my own climax faded away. We were both breathing heavily, but I felt an incredible feeling of satisfaction, as I slowed, and then stopped stroking inside her, but I kept my now half-hard cock inside, not wanting the moment to end. Linda rested her head on her pillow, and looking up at me, she said, "Did I just say 'fuck'?"

We both giggled, and she said, "I don't swear very much, but sometimes I get carried away." She lifted her head to kiss me, with a soft and moist kiss, and she said, "And that was, definitely," pausing for another quick kiss, "one of those times."   

I rolled onto my back, and Linda turned over to lie with her head on my chest, and we stayed like that for a few minutes, talking softly, enjoying the afterglow of our hot sex, and then Linda said, "I'll have to go and pick up my girls, soon."

I nodded, feeling another twinge of sadness at the thought of Linda leaving, and I was about to ask her if I could see her again, seeing I had planned to spend a week in town, but before I got the words out, she said, "You know, I got married pretty young, so in my whole life, I've never asked a guy out on a date."

I liked where this was going, so I smiled, and simply said, "And?"

"We-e-ll," Linda started, stretching the word out, like she was working out how to continue, "I've never done this before, so go easy on me if I don't get it right the first time." She moved her arms to place them behind my neck, and said, "Maybe I could take you to dinner one night. Tonight, maybe."

"You don't have to take me," I said, speaking gently, "We can just go to dinner, together. And I really would like to do that with you."

"Actually," Linda said, "I've got a better idea."

"What's that?" I asked.

"I like to cook," she said, "so maybe you could come to my place tonight, and I could cook a roast dinner, and you can meet my girls."

"Even better," I said, and Linda looked at the clock radio beside the bed, and said, "Look at the time. I've got to go home and change before I go to my sister's place and pick up the girls. If I turn up in last night's evening dress, it'll look a bit suss."

She got up and began to put on her panties and bra, and then put on her red satin dress again, while I put on a pair of jeans and a casual shirt from my suitcase. I zipped Linda's dress up for her, and after she tidied her hair, we walked down to the carpark.

Halfway to her car, I stopped walking, as Linda took another half a dozen steps and stopped, then turned to look at me. "What are you doing?" she asked.

"Watching you walk," I said, "I just like the way you walk."

"One foot in front of the other," Linda said, smiling like I was acting weird, "I've been doing it for years. Everyone tells me I'm a natural at it."

"I know," I said, as I caught up with her, "but you've got the sexiest walk. I just like watching the way you move."

"Are you on some sort of medication?" Linda asked, playfully, and then she said, "Come on. I've got two kids to pick up." We walked to her blue Camry, looking lonely in the middle of the empty carpark, covered in dew, and after a long, lingering kiss, she got in. She gave me her address, and said, "See you at six." I watched her driving away, and the sadness I had felt earlier was now replaced by a feeling of anticipation at the thought of seeing her again.

After breakfast, I drove over to the motel where my friend, Warren Baxter, had stayed, and we had coffee with his wife, Casey, before they packed their car. We had a talk about the reunion, and during the conversation, Warren said, "So, how did you get on with Linda Moffat, or Clayton or whatever, last night?" He smiled, knowingly.

I didn't want to talk about her like she was a notch on my bedpost, so just said, "We just hung out together for while, had a few laughs, a bit of a talk. You know, just caught up on stuff." I tried to sound casual.

"Yeah," Warren answered, "and I suppose that bottle of champagne was just there to help the conversation flow more freely."

"Come on," I said, "She's a nice girl these days. In fact, I'm going to see her tonight for dinner at her place."

"You and Linda Moffat," Warren chuckled, "Who would have thought?" He shook his head, and added, "You really are a dark horse, Kevin." Just then, Casey reminded him they'd better get moving, so we finished up, and they headed off, leaving me with a few hours to kill before I went to see Linda again.

I drove back to my hotel, parked my car, and I walked up to my old high school, just two hundred yards up the street, and I walked in the gate. The place had changed a little over the years, with a few new buildings here and there, and the trees looked bigger than I remembered, but all sorts of memories came flooding back. It was a Sunday morning, so there was no-one around, and I thought if anyone rang the cops, I could explain myself pretty easily. I was a little too old to be a school vandal, so I guessed if I told them I was a former student, in town for the reunion, I wouldn't have any problems.

I looked in a few windows, including the science lab where I'd had my biology classes, and I sat on one of the benches bolted to the concrete around the quadrangle, and I found the spot where I had scratched my initials and the date, back in 1985. They were still there, painted over a few times, I guessed, and I sat for a few minutes, remembering.

As I walked past the Home Economics block, I remembered that in the last couple of years of our high school days, Linda and her group of friends used to sit on the veranda outside there at lunch times. I stood there, remembering her as a schoolgirl, in her blue and grey plaid uniform skirt, and her white blouse, and I recalled how pretty she was, and how, back then, she wouldn't have even looked at a guy like me, unless it was to say something sarcastic.

I wondered to myself, what the Linda of those far-of days would have thought, if someone had said to her, One day, you'll go to bed with Kevin Roberts, just two hundred yards from this spot, and he'll bring you to a screaming orgasm, and you'll cry out his name in ecstasy. The thought made me chuckle out loud, but the memories of the hot sex with Linda in my hotel room gave me a rippling wave of excitement in my gut, as well. I thought about seeing her again that night, and it occurred to me that we wouldn't be going to bed together with her kids in the house, but just the thought of being with her again was exciting enough.

Then, I thought of the beautiful, stylish and graceful woman she had become, and for an odd moment, I had both images in my head; the pretty, teenaged Linda of the 1980's, with the face of a covergirl, and the poised, beautiful, and smart, adult Linda of today.

I thought about the way Linda walked, gracefully like a dancer, and the way she moved her hands when she was explaining something, the sound of her voice, and that girlish giggle, and I realised that I could very easily fall in love with her. She was beautiful to look at, fantastic in bed, and she worked in management in her job, so she must have some brains as well. What a package! I thought to myself, but we live nearly 500 kilometres apart, which is the only problem. I continued my unguided tour of the empty school grounds for a while longer, and then went back to my hotel room for a snooze.

In the late afternoon, I shaved, and showered again, and headed over to the address Linda had given me, and I arrived just after 6pm. Her house was neat and modern, and she lived in a fairly new part of town, and I saw her Camry in the driveway as I arrived. I rang the doorbell, and Linda opened the door, wearing a short blue denim skirt, and a short-sleeved blouse with a swirling pattern of blue and turquoise. Her skirt followed the curve of her hips, and showed off her shapely legs, while the blouse showed a hint of cleavage, and the overall effect was to make her look hot, but in a casual kind of way. She invited me in, and after shutting the door, she gave me a warm and welcoming kiss on the mouth.
