 "I long for you." Those four words took her breath away. Simple, but she knew that those words were exactly how she felt about him.

Smiling, she wrote back, "Sweetheart, the feeling is mutual." She read it over and hit send. Closing her laptop, she leaned her head back and closed her eyes. She was thinking about their last time together, which was right before he left on this trip.

He was packing as she sat there on the bed watching him and helping him fold his clothes. 

"I'm going to miss you, baby," he said to her as he took the pile of underwear from her. 

"Are you sure you're going to have enough?" she asked him, looking at the pile. 

"Baby, I will have more than enough pairs of underwear," he replied, chuckling. "Besides, I could always go commando." 

She stopped and looked at him, and burst out into giggles. "I'm sorry, love, I'm just going to miss you. You don't usually go for long periods of time..." she trailed off. 

He dropped what he was doing and came over to her. "Love, look at me," he commanded. Listening to him, she looked up at him. He cradled her face in his hands and leaned down. "I will be back. You know that. I always come back to you." She leaned forward and kissed him. "I know. I just worry and over think things when you go."

He pulled back from her and went back to his suitcase. Instead of continuing his packing, he moved everything off of the bed, and then came back over to her. He pushed her back, so she was on her back. He crawled up, covering her body with his.

He grabbed her wrists, and raised them up over her head as he leaned down and kissed her. Whimpering, she looked at him. He smiled at her, let go of her wrists, and said, "Scoot up closer to the headboard." She did as he asked, her heart beating faster. She scooted up till her head was on the pillow and then waited to see what he would do next.

Reaching down into his suitcase he grabbed a couple ties. He reached down for one of her wrists and pulled it up over her head. Wordlessly, she watched him as he gently wrapped it around her wrist and then the post. He did the same thing with the other wrist. After he was done, he told her, "You know the rule. If you feel like you're in danger, or uncomfortable, just tell me. You know I will listen and let you go." She nodded her head to show that she did know. She trusted him with everything that she had.

He started out lightly kissing her forehead. "Damnit!" she thought. "So he is going this route." This route was the "Torture Sarah route". The one where he took his time. Kissing her from head to knees. (Yes, the knees....he knew she despised having her feet touched, let alone kissed). She focused back on him when she felt his tongue trail the length of her cheek. "I was just making sure you were still with me. You seemed lost in thought for a minute there," he said when she giggled. 

When he felt like her focus was completely back on him, he continued his journey. His lips met hers, but just briefly. He moved onto her chin and her jaw line. Tiny kisses and licks, teasing her, listening to her breathing catch just a little. He moved back up to her lips. He kissed them softly, then with more pressure. Her mouth opened a little more with each kiss until he was able to push his tongue in. It was now a battle of tongues. Hers was trying to get as much as his was giving. He pulled away, both of them breathing hard, making her whimper. But he moved back to her jaw line. Kissing her again there, moving down to her neck. 

He heard her gasp when his lips connected with her neck. She felt his teeth nip at her skin, making her moan. She arched her neck to give him more access, which he took full advantage of. He didn't want to mark her up to the point of where people could plainly see what she had been up to, but it was still pinkish

She started squirming against him. He was taking way too long. He gave a chuckle, but it had a different sound to it. He looked at her, moved back away from her. He realized that she still had her jeans on. Sighing, he undid the snap on her jeans and tugged them down her hips. Then he moved back and raised her legs so her ass was exposed to him. He gave her 3 short spanks. "Patience, my love. Next time, I won't be so kind. Do you understand?"

She gave a half squeak, half moan in response. "That was not an answer." He chastised. "I understand," she replied. She tried to look like she was sorry, but her eyes and her tone gave her away. 

He scowled at her, but inside he was chuckling. He reached up and undid her top. He watched as each undone button revealed what he knew so well. Brushing a finger over each straining nipple, he heard her gasp. He was pleased to see she wore her bra that fastened in the front. Undoing her bra, he thought to himself that next time, he will have to make sure she is completely naked before tying her up. 

He sat back and looked at her. Her face was flushed; her eyes bright with arousal, watching and waiting for him; her lips were swollen and parted. Her breasts were the perfect size and her nipples....damn her nipples were incredible. He ran a hand idly down the valley between her breasts. He took his time, knowing that every touch was driving her closer to the brink. Her breathing quickened. The smell of her was getting stronger. With his other hand, he adjusted his erection. He knew that his boxers were soaked, but there was not much he could do....at least not yet.

She watched him, saw him adjust himself causing her to moan. She loved watching him. She loved seeing him touch himself, even if it was to adjust himself. She knew that he must have a lot of precum leaking from his hard cock. "Such a waste....but next time..." she vowed to herself. 

She felt his lips touch her nipple...lips parted; she waited to see what he would do next. His tongue came next. He swirled his tongue around her nipple, making it harden. He teased it; he knew that all of this was making her closer to cumming for him. Then he moved to the other one. He repeated what he did the first one. Squirming, she begged, "Oh god...please!!!"

"Please what?" he asked, as he continued teasing her. "Please, suck on them. God...please!" she begged.

"MMMMM," was all he said. Then, he started sucking. At first, gently, then harder. 

"Ooooh my god!" she yelled. "Baby, oh god...I'm...oh god....so close, love."

He moved to the other nipple and started sucking, but he took her free nipple between his fingers and started pinching. Her gasps and her body tensing told him that she was going to cum. "Do it!" he commanded. "Cum for me. Now!" 

Her body tensed. She didn't think she could take it anymore. 

"Mmmmmm ohhhhhmyyyyygodddddd!" she moaned out. "Oh my god...love." 

"Good girl." he said as he watched her body tremble. Then before she had a chance to relax, he moved down between her legs. He ripped her panties, not caring or wanting to take the time to push them down her legs. He parted her lips, and saw just how wet she was. 

He leaned down and licked her, tasting what he had caused. She moaned, still throbbing from her orgasm. "Fuck love....please....I need you...." she lifted her hips, trying to get him closer to her. He reached down and steadied her. "Just be patient, baby. I need to taste you. You know I love the taste of you."

He went back to her pussy. Licking and tasting. Teasing and fucking her with his tongue. Mimicking what he would be doing shortly with his cock. "I'm going to cum again, baby," he heard her breathlessly tell him. "Do it." was his response. 

Focusing on her clit, he slid a finger inside of her. So wet....and so tight. He was going to make her cum again. Slipping another finger inside of her, he fucked her as he licked and sucked on her clit. Her hips rose up, trying to get more from him. "Cum for me, baby. Now. Yes, love that's it." he encouraged. Giving a long moan, she let the orgasm roll over her. He felt her pussy tighten around his fingers. So fucking tight. He couldn't wait. He needed to be in her.

He pulled his fingers out, and licked them. She watched, whimpering. Then he held them up to her mouth. She took them into her mouth and sucked them clean. She loved it when he did that.

He got up and pulled his pants off. His dick was rock hard and leaking. A lot. He came back to her, and spread her legs even more. "Whose cunt is that?" he growled. "YOURS!" It came out more as a groan because as she answered, he thrust into her. Hard. Fast. Deep. 

Together, they found a rhythm. Her pussy hugged his dick like it was made for him. Groaning, he pulled back. He knelt in front of her, his dick still encased in her. He threw a leg over each shoulder. And started thrusting again. He was in so deep, totally surrounded and lost in her.

"My cunt feels so good," he moaned out. "You like my cock inside of you like this?"

"It's MY cock," she gasped out. "MINE!"

He reached down and undid her wrists, and covered her with his body. Her arms came around his neck and she wrapped her legs around his waist. They came together even closer. He was still thrusting in and out of her, but not as hard. 

Suddenly he tensed up, and looked at her, and growled, "Yes, yours." She felt him throb and pulse inside of her. She knew that he very close to finding his release.

"I want your cum. Please love, give it to me. Now." she pleaded with him. Moving her hips, tightening her cunt muscles around his cock, maintaining eye contact with him....she felt him start to release. He groaned. 

His release started her own. He felt her tighten up more, and heard her moan. Her orgasm washed over her, making her pussy milk his cock even more. Getting every drop. 

When they were done, he collapsed on top of her. She held him close to her, not wanting to let go. When he slipped out of her, he kissed her and got up to go get a warm wash cloth so he could clean them both up. 

"You, my love, are amazing." he said as he washed her. He kissed her clit when he was done. He took care of the wash cloth and climbed back into bed with her. As she curled up next to him, he kissed her. His last thought was, "Packing can wait till later." They both fell asleep, in a much needed nap.

Sighing, she opened her eyes. She grabbed her laptop to see if he had responded. He had.

He wrote one word. "Remember?" 

Oh yes......she remembered.