 It had been years since I had thought about Cathy. I guess because she was the only one who ever took advantage of me when I was drunk, and she wasn't. Of course, I just drunk and let her take me to bed, then thought better of it the next day. Okay, so maybe my thinking better of it really didn't sink in too deep when I started to remember what had actually happened. 

I knew Cathy through my brother, who had dated her younger sister for a few months. She had gone to high school at the next town up the lake from my hometown. Her school was our archrivals in basketball most years. Cathy had also been in their student council, so I had met her a couple of times. Candidly, I had noticed that she was a moderately attractive girl, slender, maybe a little too much so for my tastes. Still, we had never had any serious connection. She was just a girl from the next town up the road, and the sister of my brother's girlfriend. 

I also knew that Cathy had dropped out of college that past spring, after only a year. That was surprising since she had been the Salutatorian of her high school class. She was certainly bright, just not right or ready for college I guessed. 

From my brother, I also knew that she had hooked up with one of her high school teachers at the end of the summer, just a few months ago, and lost her cherry. I was surprised that she had gone through a year of college, or high school, without having sex with a guy, but I only knew about it because she went off with the teacher, her mother panicked and called every guy she thought Cathy might be with, including me, at 3:00 a.m. Later my brother filled me in since his girlfriend might have suggested that the mom call me. 

A few weeks into the school year, Cathy moved to Ithaca and started dropping by my apartment. That should have been okay. She was nineteen, attractive, a good figure, albeit slender, but still shapely, with brown hair, green eyes and in general All-American girlish good looks. Still, something with her just didn't click for me. She was definitely acting interested in me. I just didn't see it going much of anywhere, not even for a tumble in bed. After a couple of weeks her dropping by whenever she felt like it, I started avoiding her. She was just a girl I wasn't that interested in. 

Until that night when she just happened to show up at the bar where I was drinking with friends. I guess that I was already three sheets to the wind when Cathy walked in with a friend of hers. She walked straight in, not at all surprised to find us there, sat down next to my roommate, Jim, across the table from me, told the waiter that she needed a glass and would share our pitcher of beer. Cathy didn't say much, at least initially. She finished off a beer, poured another and moved around to my side of the table to sit next to me. 

I turned toward her, figuring to be polite at least. She kind of looked at me, kind of tried to look through me for a few seconds, then she said that she knew I wasn't really interested in her, that I had made that clear. I was drunk and wanted to feel good about everything and everybody. I assured her that I thought she was a good person and very attractive. At that moment, she definitely was attractive. She tried some more "poor me" lines, each time I responded with something positive about her. 

It worked. In about five minutes, I had leaned in toward her, trying to make some point. That's when she kissed me. Now remember, I was drunk, happy with the world and suddenly here's this girl kissing me, with her hand just as suddenly resting on my thigh, near the top with fingers lightly caressing me. I guess I responded just like most guys. 

Twenty minutes later, we were back at my place with her on top of me, stripped to the waist and working my cock out of my jeans. She had really nice tits, small, yet firm with great nipples that simply begged to be licked. I knew that because I had already spent several minutes licking them. And sucking them, and feeling them, and simply enjoying both nipples and their feel under my fingers and tongue.

She stroked my cock. I was a little surprised that she didn't start to suck me. Most girls I knew would start sucking cock. Instead, Cathy just stroked me, clearly enjoying having her fingers wrapped around my cock. When she first saw it, she mumbled something about it being bigger than she thought. A couple of times she leaned over, seemingly ready to take it in her mouth, but nothing, not even a little touch of the tongue on my cock. It seemed like she really didn't know how to suck cock, or just wasn't quite sure if she dared to put it in her mouth.

After a few minutes, I was more than ready to fuck her. I wanted it inside her when I came. I quickly held her around her waist, then shifted around so that she was on her back and I was kneeling between her legs. I took a tit in each hand, then lowered myself onto her body so I could suck one nipple then the other. Cathy started to moan. 

After a few minutes sucking her nipples and fondling her tits, I decided it was time to go for home. I raised myself so I could unfasten her jeans. In a few seconds, Cathy was lifting her hips, helping me pull her pants off her hips. As soon as I had her pants off, I dropped them on the floor. I paused for a second, savoring the view. Then I stripped her panties off. 

Again, I paused to enjoy Cathy's nakedness. She shifted a little under my gaze, then spread her legs, giving me a perfect view of her pussy. Her pink pussy lips protruded from between her legs, crowned by the triangle of brown hair. I reached my hand out, gently stroking her pussy. I could feel how wet she was. I slipped a finger inside her. Cathy gasped. I slipped another finger inside her. Cathy started to rhythmically pump her hips as I slipped my fingers in and out of her. She moaned softly as I finger fucked her. 

In another minute I could tell that Cathy was about to come. Her moans were building toward a crescendo. Her breathing was rapid. A warm, pink flush covered her neck, spreading across her chest above her breasts. Both nipples stood out, erect and flushed a deeper red than her chest. Suddenly, Cathy exploded, writhing, thrusting her hips up and down, pushing against my two fingers shoved deep inside her. I could feel her juices flowing out of her cunt. I started to thrust my fingers in and out again, loving the hot, slick, wet feeling of the juices pouring out of her. 

I think that Cathy came twice more in the next few minutes. Maybe it was just one, single long orgasm. Whatever, it was definitely an experience she was enjoying. I could tell that by the moans, the thrashing of her hips, her erect nipples and the flood of juices staining my sheets.

I was still kneeling between her legs, my hard cock sticking up, and so far still not inside Cathy's pussy. I decided it was time to take care of my own satisfaction. First, I wanted a taste of that delightful pussy I was finger fucking.

I spread Cathy's legs, shifting forward a little. I leaned forward. Cathy still had her eyes closed, trying to catch her breath after her last orgasm. I spread her pussy lips open with two fingers, relishing the sight of the dark, little opening I could see between her wet, swollen pink lips. I leaned into Cathy's cunt and licked from that opening up over her clit.

Cathy startled, exclaiming, "Wait, what are you doing?"

I lifted my head from her pussy and looked at her. 

"I'm going to eat you."

"What! No one has ever done that! I'm not sure about it!"

I sat up a little, totally surprised that a girl, any girl that was already naked and who had already came several times would have any objection to getting eaten before getting fucked. Or after getting fucked for that matter. I slipped my fingers inside Cathy again as I looked at her. 

"Relax. I promise you will really enjoy it! Really!"

"I, I, I, uh, no one's ever done that to me! I mean, I never thought you would do that!"

"Okay, I understand."

Some place I read that there are either no lies in sex, or nothing but lies. I don't remember which it was. This was definitely the latter of the two. I didn't understand, not at all. My experience was that girls liked getting oral sex as much as guys like getting oral sex, and guys definitely loved getting oral sex. 

Still if Cathy wasn't sure, I would teach her. I lowered my head then gently opened her slit with my fingers. I slowly licked her clit. I could feel Cathy shudder as I run my tongue up and down across on that little swollen nub. I slipped a finger inside her, feeling for her G-spot. The hot juices were flowing out of her. She was going to be fun to fuck. 

I could feel the raised bumps of her G-spot with my finger. I started to lightly stroke it while continuing to lick her clit. Cathy started to moan.

I ran my tongue down her slit, pulling my fingers out while I tongue fucked her cunt. Suddenly Cathy started to writhe, her hips bucking, her moans filling the room. I could barely keep my tongue in her cunt. I could feel her juices spurting against my tongue, filling my mouth with her flavor. 

As soon as she slowed a little, I moved my tongue back to her clit, and stuck three fingers inside her. I started stroking her G-spot again. Cathy came again almost immediately. 

This time as she slowed, I let her catch her breath. 

"I, I never felt anything like that before! That was amazing!"

"Glad I could help you, now let's try something else."

I shifted forward, opening her pussy lips with one hand, then guiding my cock inside her dripping wet pussy. I slid in half way while still on my knees. Cathy gasped as my cock penetrated her. I pumped my cock in and out a little, only going in about half the length of my cock. I enjoyed the extra sensation on the head of my cock.

"That feels good," she said. "Really good!"

"Pretty much a perfect fit, don't you think?"

Cathy laughed.

"Yeah, perfect, really, really perfect! You feel bigger than the other guy I was with."

"Really? Hmm, does that work for you?"

"Oh yes, it works very, very well."

So only one other guy. That was what I had suspected. Not that it mattered whether it was one other guy or ten or twenty. This was between us, and I didn't care how many or how often she had gotten it. She was going to get it with me.

I shifted so that I was lying on top of her. I had not fully penetrated her yet, still only about half way. I cupped one hand around a breast, gently squeezing a nipple. I wanted to watch her face as I pushed my cock in all the way.

Cathy looked into my eyes, excitement, pleasure and a trace of uncertainty showing on her face. I pushed the entire length of my cock inside her. Her head arched back, her eyes closed tightly, her mouth forming a perfect "O". I pulled back, then thrust forward again, feeling like I was getting deeper than the first time. 

"Oh God!" she moaned. "Oh God! Oh God!"

Cathy must have really enjoyed the feeling of my cock, because in another minute she came again, and again and again. Three more times, in very rapid succession. By then I was building up to, feeling the tension of an orgasm building, and building. I kept riding her, not ready to let myself go yet, enjoying the feeling as she build to another climax, thrusting her hips in rhythm to my thrusts. I got her to come another three times before I finally couldn't hold back any longer. I could feel that it was going to be a massive explosion of hot come. For a brief second it occurred to me that maybe I should have used a condom, something that had not dawned on me until then. Then I burst, spurting hot come inside Cathy. It felt like an unending eruption of semen surging out of me into her pussy. I could feel wetness squirt out of her, trickling down my balls, likely staining the sheets underneath us. It really didn't matter, she'd wanted to get fucked by me, and now she had gotten what she wanted. So had I.  

That was the last time I slept with Cathy. I took her home the next morning, of course, I fucked her twice more during the night and again the next morning before taking her home. I didn't even have to buy her breakfast. She said that she wanted to get home and shower before work. That seemed a good idea, those three other times we had sex that night/morning were just as wet as the first time. It was quite a night, however, I didn't call her afterwards, and she neither called nor came by again. We'd had wild sex, and later I guessed that she had likely had five to ten orgasms each time I fucked her. I never tried to eat her after that first attempt. It simply was too easy to mount her, fuck her, let her come multiple times, then shoot my load inside her. Then a few hours later, finger her, mount her, let her come, then shoot again. 

I didn't hear from Cathy again until about five months later. She showed up one night, late because I was already in bed, with a guy in tow. My roommate answered the door, and called to me that Cathy was there. She looked as good as I remembered. I didn't have to wonder who the guy was for too long, Cathy introduced him as her fiancé, something that surprised me. We talked for a few minutes, then she said that she wanted to talk to me alone and could we go into my room for a few minutes. 

Now that really surprised me. I had no idea what she wanted to talk about, nor why she would want to leave her boyfriend in the living room talking to my roommate. We went into my room. 

"Close the door," Cathy said as we walked in. 

She started to talk about how much she missed me, but how special her fiancé was. I could tell that she was talking just because she really didn't know how I was going to react. So I stepped toward her, holding her in my arms, then kissed her. I slipped my tongue into her mouth, she responded with her tongue. I stepped her back to the bed, unbuttoning her blouse as I walked her backward. As we got to the bed, she put her hand on my chest.

"I shouldn't, he's waiting.."

I responded by stripping my shirt off and throwing it aside. If the boyfriend came in, it would be tough to explain, but nowhere near as tough to explain as what I was intending to do if Cathy let me. I pulled her blouse open, and in a quick move, I unfastened her bra. I didn't try to take her blouse or bra off, I just wanted to taste those sweet tits of hers. Cathy didn't stop me as I licked and sucked her nipples. In fact, she moaned softly. I remembered that moan. I sat her on the edge of the bed, then quickly pulled her pants off. Actually she kept one leg in her pants, still the part of her I wanted quickly no longer had pants covering it. I pulled her panties to one side and slipped two fingers into her cunt. She was soaking wet already. 

I fingered her, knowing that we only had a few minutes at most. The boyfriend would get suspicion, as would my roommate, and I doubted that Jim could keep the guy distracted for more than five minutes or so. Well, maybe Jim could stretch it out to ten minutes if I was lucky twice in the same night.

"God I missed you!" Cathy exclaimed.

I spread her pussy lips as I knelt between her naked thighs. Quickly I slipped two fingers inside her hot, wet pussy opening her so I could slip my tongue into her slit. She did taste good. No salty semen taste, just pure, wet, tasty pussy. I flicked my tongue over her clit. In seconds Cathy moaned.

"I'm going to come!" Cathy moaned softly.

And she did, quickly, quietly (sort of), and then she was done.

"God, I don't know why I'm letting you do this. I'm going to marry him and I really do love him!'

I didn't say anything, I just pushed my hard cock against her dripping cunt. 

"I need you!"

That was all I said, then I pushed my cock deep inside her and started pumping. If the boyfriend burst into the room, we were fucked, literally and figuratively. If he didn't, I knew that I would be filling her pussy in another minute. Usually I took my time, I enjoyed making girls come several times. This time it had to be quick, just as quick as Cathy's orgasm. We didn't have time for a lot. She must have known that as much as I did.

I thrust inside her, driving, surging, pumping as fast as I could. I think that Cathy came again, maybe twice. I really wasn't sure, I was too focused on emptying my balls inside her. As I thrust a few more times, I could feel my intensity skyrocket, I thrust as deep as I could, my cock bumping against her hard cervix I was so deep, then I exploded, filling her with hot semen. I pumped a few more times, all but spent, squeezing the last few drops out. I pushed in one more time, then pulled out. A gush of semen fell out of Cathy as I slipped my cock out.

Cathy looked down at the small puddle. 

"We'd better get dressed. I need to go before he comes in here."

I glanced at the clock next to the bed. We might have taken five or six minutes total from the time we walked into the bedroom. The quickest sex I ever had. 

Cathy had her clothes back on in no time. She even had her blouse tucked in so nothing looked amiss. I pulled my shirt on as she looked in my mirror and made sure that her hair was okay. 

"I guess that's it," she said as I opened the door for her. I could see the boyfriend standing in the living room, still talking to Jim. It looked like he had been about to come down the hall to check on Cathy.

Without a backwards glance, she walked the few feet down the hallway, immediately slipping her hands around his arm to show how attached and in love she was. 

"We should go," she said to him. "Good to see you Jim. Say hi to the other guys for us."

"Sure," Jim answered, "good to see you too. Good luck with the wedding."

Cathy and her fiancé waved to me as they opened the door and left.

"Okay, tell me what just happened?" Jim said as soon as he knew they were gone.

"Not a lot, we just needed to get some closure on something. At least I think that's what she needed from me."

"You're sure about that."

"Yeah, I'm pretty certain that we left things the way she wanted, and that's okay with me."

"Okay, want to go out for a drink or two?"

"Naw, I feeling tired. Besides I have an early class tomorrow."

And that was it. I did hear from Cathy once more after that. She and her husband had moved to Connecticut for his new job. She was pregnant, expecting in a few months. I actually did the math in my head real quick, but it was at least eleven months since I had seen her, so I wished her well and said that I hoped she was happy. Cathy seemed to hesitate for a second before she responded. We said our goodbyes and then it really was the last time I talked to her.