 Not a breath of air was moving on that hot August night. The full moon was low on the horizon, heavy and large, lighting up the night sky. Twelve o'clock at night and still the temperature hovered in the 80's with damn near 90 percent humidity. I sat on the veranda swing sipping a glass of ice water as I tried to cool off. 

My short t-shirt ended just below my full breasts. I might have been naked for all the good the shirt did and still it did not make me feel any cooler. I could feel the sweat slowly rolling down between my breasts, leaving long salty trails. Looking down the street, it was quiet, and no one was in sight. The tall pink azalea bushes in front of the porch created an impenetrable wall, effectively concealing me from the view of any neighbors, or cars driving past. 

I placed my glass on the table next to me and I quickly peeled my t-shirt over my head and dropped it to the ground by my feet. I picked my drink back up and pressed the icy cold glass against my breasts. The wet condensation transferred to my breasts as I moved the glass slowly between the two soft mounds, making sure it rolled across my nipples as I searched for some relief from the torrid heat. That felt so much better and as an added bonus, my nipples got hard. The feeling on my nipples was so intense, it resulted in my fingers and hands quickly replacing the glass. 

I rubbed my nipples as I continued to swing back and forth, my eyes closed. I rested my head against the back of the swing and let my long hair trail down behind me as I dialed into my favorite fantasy. 

I played with my nipples, and dreamt of my warrior caressing every part of me. I felt a warmth stirring inside my body and the moisture gathering. I forgot about the torrid heat of the night surrounding my body, as the burning heat inside my body started to grow. 

I let out a small moan when I rolled my nipple between my fingers. It was at that exact moment when I heard a low cough. It came from the corner of the porch next door. Yikes, I jumped and I tried to cover my voluptuous breasts by holding one arm across the front of them. It did not help much. I looked over and saw my neighbor slowly emerge from the shadows. When he walked into the path of the moonlight, I could see he was wearing nothing but a pair of shorts. His hard dick pushed the fabric out from the front, and it was marked by a dark spot of wet precum. 

I am going to blame what happened next on the moonlight and the heat. I dropped my arm, exposed my breasts and asked him to come join me for some cold ice water. How could he refuse? He could not; he walked his hard chiseled body over to me and sat down right next to me. Taking my face between his hands, he pressed his lips against mine while his tongue gently probed my mouth open. The feeling was electric. Kissing in the dark heat of the night, without a shirt on was sensual and erotic. I leaned into the kiss and responded with a soft moan. Gently pushing me back against the seat, he traced the salty sweat down to my nipples. I arched my back and cried out at the touch of his lips. While he sucked on my nipples, my hands softly caressed the inside of his thighs. I reached inside his shorts and freed his throbbing member. His proud cock glistened with precum making me groan in anticipation. 

Pulling my hips up he slid my shorts down to my ankles, and his shorts followed quickly. Kneeling before me, he pulled my body to the edge of the swing and I swear I almost came when he parted my legs to expose my inner core to his sight. I was all soft, wet, and swollen. I was ready for him. 

He called out to my passion through his breath. His breath softly caressed my heat in a gentle sensual teasing dance. I answered his call through my hips and body, squirming with intense pleasure at the sensations he created. 

He kissed me everywhere. He flicked his tongue inside of me to taste my sweetness, yet he did not touch my clit. He ran his tongue across the lips, and then parted them gently to thrust inside deeply. He had made me so very wet. He teased me again by running his finger up and down the wetness until he finally inserted one finger inside, and sucked my clit at the same time. My hips bucked against his finger and mouth, I could feel my orgasm starting to build until I came in wave after wave. 

I pulled his face up to mine and I kissed him deeply, sharing the taste of my wetness. I had him stand before me, with his hard cock dripping in anticipation for the taste of my lips. I cupped his balls in my hand massaging them lightly as I covered his delicious shaft with my mouth. Stroking his cock, I played with the head first nibbling and sucking around the rim before taking him deep into my mouth. 

He rested his hand on the back of my hair, gently pushing his cock deeper into my mouth. I took all of him, and he watched me through half lidded eyes, heavy with passion. I felt his body shudder and his balls tighten when he removed himself from my mouth. 

He pulled me up from the swing and led me to the porch railing. Turning me around, he bent me over the railing and quickly entered me from behind, sliding his hard cock into me. Our bodies covered in sweat, glistened under the moonlight as we shared in the pleasure of each other's bodies, the feel, the smell, and the textures. 

Then with one final thrust of his cock, with my pussy holding him tightly, I felt his hot cum spilling inside of me. He leaned against me for a few seconds, gently caressing my back until his hard-on subsided. 

We both dressed silently, and he gave me one long lingering kiss on my lips before he disappeared into the moonlit shadows of his house next door.