 I've decided to relate some of my sexual liaisons over the years. A few were one-time affairs, a couple lasted a year or more. Of course, names have been changed, and situations. But the acts are true, and wonderfully remembered.

Again, your criticism is welcomed, as is your vote!

We had known each other for several years, primarily on a business basis. Becky would show up now and then for a training session, which lasted about two weeks. She would be a little flirt on some days, and I would feel a tingling in my cock. But I never approached her for anything, knowing she was married and had a child.

A few years later I had moved on to another job, doing different things. A year or so after being in my new job, the company had a conference scheduled in one of the larger hotels in the city. People of all positions within the company would be attending, from all over the U.S. We would also be bringing administrative assistants from the outlying offices to work on attendance sheets, forums, meetings and the like.

On the second day of the conference, there was a knock on my cubicle. Somewhat irritated at the interruption, I turned around, ready to assail the interrupter. My surprise snuffed the irritation when I saw Becky standing at the entrance to the cubicle. She was a short woman, maybe five feet, couldn't have weighed 100 pounds. Her hair was short, cut close to her head. She reminded me of a pixie - cute, foxy, energetic.

I decided this was a good time for a smoke break, so I invited her to come outside with me. I told her we could catch up on each other's lives.

We talked for about 30 minutes, relating significant and some not so significant times in our lives for the past couple of years. She already knew I was single, having been divorced for some seven or eight years. I also have no children. She, on the other hand, was going through a divorce and was worried about her son, who was 11ish then, about whether she or her ex would get custody. We talked about that for a bit, and then I knew I needed to return to my work.

Returning to the office, I checked her in professionally, asking her where she was staying, did she have adequate transportation, and was she okay with her finances. All was well, and she left in a bit to check into her motel.

I didn't see her again for a few days, until I was able to get to the conference myself. That particular day was the busiest, with the most heavies in the company being present, and the most speeches and needs for assistance in presenting slide shows. Later that evening there was a dinner for all the participants and the administrative assistants, too. 

After dinner some of us gathered at the hotel bar, and knowingly, Becky made her way round to me. She was in a strange mood, kind of teary-eyed, wanting to cry, but trying to keep her happy face on. After an hour or so, she leaned over to me, saying she was going to her room on the eighth floor. I asked her if she wanted some company, and she said I could come along if I wished.

In the elevator she clammed up, not saying anything, but only hanging her head. After a moment, I realized she was crying, so I simply reached over and pulled her close to me and just held her for the rest of the ride. The elevator stopped on the 20th floor. We got out and she led me down the hallway to her room. Going inside, she turned on a lamp, told me to get comfortable, she had to pee. I walked over to the windows and gazed out on the city for a few minutes.

I heard her clear her throat behind me, and I turned around. A beautiful woman stood in the soft light, and she was stark naked. My eyes did a quick scan of her petite body from her eyes and face to her feet. On the way back up to her face, I saw her pussy was bare as a baby's butt, not a hair in sight. My cock was rapidly filling with blood, and she was watching my crotch with her own intent. My eyes crossed her flat belly and took in her small, pert breasts. The thought went through my mind that her son probably starved to death if she nursed him, her breasts were that small. But the nipples were erect and very red as if she had been pinching and pulling them. 

By the time my eyes returned to her face, she had walked up to me and was unbuckling my belt. As she unzipped me her hand went over the waistband of my boxers straight to my now turgid cock. Using her other hand and her arm, she pulled my boxers down, never releasing my cock. As my boxers fell, she kneeled and pulled my cockhead into her mouth, her other hand now free to cup and fondle my balls.

Leaning back, she said, "Damn, what a big dick! If I had known this years ago, I wouldn't have waited this long!" Having said that, she went back to sucking me, licking me from the ball sac to the head, stretching her mouth wide to take me all in.

While she was ministering to my cock, I was shucking my suit coat, shirt and undershirt. I kicked off my shoes and sat down on the bed to pull my pants, socks, and shorts off. Then I leaned on back on the bed, bringing her with me as I scrutched up to the middle of the bed.

I said, "Becky, swing your pussy over my face, I've just got to see you!" Without losing her grip on my now aching cock, she swung her box over my face. Repositioning herself, my cock was now easier for her to take all the way down, all six inches of it. I could feel her hurried hot breath on my balls.

I held her above my face for a few moments, closely eyeing this new wonder to me. Her pussy lips were glistening with her precum, and the lips were fully engorged, the inner lips peeking out. I felt something moist land on my nose and realized her precum was flowing quickly. Pulling her hips down, I licked her from the top of her mons to her perineum. Becky was starting to moan, now, and increased her head bobbing on my cock.

She was beginning to buck her hips on my face, substituting my tongue for my cock. Knowing she was close to cumming, I held her close to my face; in fact I pulled her pussy down on my mouth. I sucked her clit with my nose tip firmly buried in her pussy hole. In only a moment, she came hard on my face, her goo spraying up my nose and into my mouth. Having run out of air, I had to push her off, rolling her over on her back. 

Regaining my composure, and my lungs, too, I licked my lips with a fervent tongue, savoring her liquids, feeling my salivary glands working overtime to comprehend and engulf her essence. I was still staring her naked pussy in the face, and I was just infatuated with the tenderness of the folds of skin and with the strength of the musculature that hid within.

Becky, too, was regaining her composure, having just had an enormous orgasm. She said, "God, I've never cum like that before! No man has ever brought me to orgasm with just his mouth and tongue!" And of course, I was just beginning.

I slowly pried myself away from her luscious pussy, leaning up on my elbow, reaching for her tiny titties, running my hands over her nipples, and feeling her tension rising once again. Turning around, I pulled up next to her and leaned over and kissed her long and hard. Pulling back I saw tears trickling down her cheeks, but she wasn't sobbing, only sniffing a little. "What's wrong?" I asked.

Becky only turned her face away for a moment, wiping the tears away, and then looked back at me. "If I had known years ago that you could give me such pleasure, I'd have jumped your bones. And I want to fuck you, no, I want to make love with you, tonight, now, and relish in it. But I don't know if I can take your dick! You are so LARGE!"

I leaned back on my elbow, smiling down at her, and reminded her of something. "Oh, sweetie, if you can birth a child out of your wonderful pussy, you can surely take my little cock!" Quickly we were both smiling and chuckling, and our hands began wandering over each other once again. 

My cock was still outrageously hard, and I told her I needed some relief pretty soon. "But first, I want to get some better light on your pussy, I want to explore it, look at it, feel it with my fingertips!" She sat up on the bed and swung around toward the lamp. I was just overtaken with the sight. A naked pussy was something I always dreamed of, and now here one was, just for me!

After a few minutes, though, Becky began to get antsy, and asked, "Do you want to fuck it or play with it?" Taking the signal, I rolled her over on her back once again, spreading her legs with mine. Getting in position, missionary position, she brought her ankles up around my hips and started pressing down. Grabbing my dick I poked at her hole, getting the head just inside her lips. "Please be gentle?" she asked. I slowly rocked back and forth, inching in a little at a time, going slowly and deliberately. With just a little bit to go, she pressed her heels into my butt, deeply impaling herself on my rigid cock. She whimpered only briefly, for my cock was about six inches around, about two and a half inches thick, and her pussy was being stretched hard, much harder than her ex could do.

We slowly moved into a rhythm, fucking slowly and intently. I would reach beneath her butt and raise her pussy a little higher, squeezing her butt muscles in turn. Suddenly she stopped her movements and asked me to roll off her. Being puzzled I did as she asked. Then I saw what she was up to. Reaching up to the head of the bed, she brought back a large pillow and placed it so when she sat on it, her pussy would be well elevated. This all took place in a matter of seconds, our lubrications barely drying. This time her legs were straight up in the air, and I quickly dove into her to the depth of the length of my cock. I felt the back of her cervix on my cockhead, and that alone nearly took me over the edge.

Within seconds she came again. The sounds of fucking quickly got louder. My balls were slapping her ass in time with my strokes. Each thrust I made into her flushed some of her cum out on my belly and balls. Soon I was awash in her cum. 

I was beginning to tire of being on top, doing most of the work. She realized this about the same time. I collapsed on her chest and rolled off to the side. When my cock came out of her pussy, there was an audible pop. But she never hesitated in following my roll, coming up on top, reaching back between her legs and guiding my now-aching cock back into her sleeve. She started bouncing on me, driving my cock again and again to the depths of her pussy. I reached up and began pinching and pulling on her nipples, now hard and erect. She reached between her legs and put her fingers on either side of my cock as I slid in and out of her. Then she started fingering her clit.

Suddenly, a powerful surge emanated from deep within me, from my prostate gland. Incredibly, I felt I was going to pass out with the surge. My balls pulled up high, and I came in one, then two, then three powerful ropes, filling her pussy to overflowing. She began cumming an instant later, screeching to the tops of her lungs. My body tensed and I felt my toes curling. Her pussy started milking my cock, pulling me from the base to the tip, sucking all my juices clear.

As quickly as it all started, it was over. Becky collapsed on my chest and stretched her legs out behind her. But my cock was still in her, quickly going soft. We lay like that for a few minutes. When I felt my cock fall out of her, I also felt a large amount of cum flow onto my balls and down to my anus. 

I rolled her off me and then did something I had never done before. I moved my mouth down on her pussy again, but this time I was cleaning out our combined orgasms. Her pussy lips were nearly hot from the friction. She in turn pulled my cock into her mouth and tasted her own essence along with mine, remnants of an intense fuck.

Slowly we came to our senses, cuddling and smooching far into the night. As much as either of us wanted to fuck again, it wasn't to be that night, nor in the future. A couple of days later the conference was over, her job was completed, and she returned to her home and son. 

In the years since that one wonderful night, I've thought of her often. I did see her once when she was passing through town, literally, moving on to another life and another career. We had lunch together, and talked about old times, and about our one night stand. I was sure hoping for a second round, but she said that it couldn't happen again. I wonder if she remembers . . .