 Chapter three and the final part of the current story arch. I have plans for more and will be putting them together soon. I hope you have enjoyed everything up to this point, and would love to hear back from you.

Special Thanks to Bubba my amazing editor. 

*

Max snapped awake, holding his head as it throbbed and pounded in pain. Sunlight filtered in through the windows across the room, and he realized he was laying on his couch, still dressed from the night before. Grunting with effort he sat up seeing an empty glass cup on the floor next to a empty bottle of Jack Daniels Whiskey. 

Groaning softly he ran his fingers through his blond hair, trying to focus, through the haze clouding his mind, struggling to remember the events from the night before. He remembered coming home with the bottle after the failed attempts at calling Tina....

Breathing deeply he remembered the last text message she sent him about leaving town and to take care of himself. Standing up from the couch, his vision swam causing him to stumble slightly, reaching out he caught the end of the coach steadying himself. 

Slowly he made his way to the kitchen, determined to find some pain killers to stop the awful headache that lanced through his alcohol soaked mind. Max stood silently in the kitchen mentally berating himself for getting so drunk that he couldn't remember what he had done. Taking the pills in his hand, with a glass of water, he slowly made his way towards his bedroom. 

After stripping and taking a long hot shower, Max started to feel a bit more alert, but while in the shower he battled with waves of nausea which threatened to send him huddling over the toilet like a college kid at a frat party. Walking into the bedroom he stood staring at the bed, which was still left in shambles from the evening with Tina. 

Shaking his head slowly making his way into the closet to get changed, he made a mental note to take his bedding to the cleaners. Dressing quickly in a pair of faded blue jeans and a dark blue t-shirt, he walked over to the bed and stripped the blankets off leaving them in a pile at the foot of the bed.

Thoughts of her still drifted through his mind, unanswered questions haunted each through; why had she left? What had he done to drive her away so abruptly? Sighing softly he walked back into the living room picking up the empty bottle and glass. He spent the next several hours just keeping busy cleaning his apartment. Trying in vain to just keep his thoughts at the task at hand, instead of her. 

Max was stuffing the last of the bed sheets into a large cloth sack he used to take his clothes down to the laundry. He was walking into his living room to get his wallet when a very quiet knock sounded from the front door. It was so quiet that Max stood silently in the living room trying to figure out if he had heard it or if it had been a figment of his imagination. Shaking his head, he took a step but stopped when he heard the sound again. Turning he walked towards the door, opening it he glanced out, and his heart froze for an instant, he felt his pulse race as he saw Tina, standing in the door way giving him a nervous smile. 

"Hi...Max" she whispered looking up at him with her piercing blue eyes, which were red and blood shoot from recent tears. His heart was hammering in his chest, he felt his hands shaking, and a small part of him was screaming for joy, while another part of him was seething with rage. 

"Hey.." he replied trying to keep his voice even, masking his mixed emotions. He made no motion for her to enter, and she made no move towards him, only dropping her eyes to the ground searching for something unseen. 

"Max....I.. I am sorry about last night." She whispered fingering the zipper of her blue lightweight jacket. She was wearing a red t-shirt, blue jeans with a large duffel bag on the floor next to her. 

Max's rage won out the battle of his emotions, when she mentioned the events of the previous night. He fought back his desire to shout her down, tell her how much she had hurt him, how used he felt. Swallowing past the lump in his throat, "It's fine, I understand." he replied hearing the quivering anger in his own voice.

'Fuck if he understood why she had done it!' he thought to himself feeling his anger rising clutching the door he resisted the urge to slam the door in her face, and walk away from this whole mess. 

"Max It's not fine, you don't understand...." she pleaded taking a step toward him. "I...I know it was wrong what i did last night, but I freaked out."

"Why?!" he asked sternly

"Cause I was afraid of..." she let the words trail off nibbling on her lower lip. 

"Of What?!" Max could feel his anger reaching the breaking point, his mind swirled with thoughts of slamming the door shut or screaming at her, anything to get her to explain why she was being so cryptic.

Tina shook her head sniffing loudly and whipping her eyes with the cuff of her jacket. "That I was falling in love with you." she whimpered.

Max felt his emotions come to a screaming halt, standing in shock trying to process her last remark. Guilt sweep over him, realizing that saying that line alone had been a very large hurdle for her to overcome. 

Stepping into the hallway he wrapped his arms around her holding her tightly, she broke down into tears burying her face in his chest, while clutching his shirt. Max gently rubbed her back, comforting her silently like a parent would to a child that had stubbed their toe. 

Tina gently pushed away from the embrace quickly trying to dry her eyes on the cuffs of her coat. "Max, I am so sorry I hurt you. I was so scared..." she whispered looking up at him with her red rimmed eyes. Tears streaked down her cheeks leaving little trails in their wake. 

"Look come inside lets talk." he whispered back reaching up to brush her brown hair from her face, gently caressing her cheek. Tina nodded reaching down to grab her small bag, and allowed him to lead her into the apartment. 

**************

Tina sat on the couch, still trying to calm her nerves and stead herself for the explanation she had to give him. She realized she had not spoken to anyone about her past in over a year but she knew she owed him this, more then anything. 

Max stood in front of her with a glass of water in his hands and a small box of tissues. She smiled up and him taking the glass and tissues. He smiled back at her reassuringly 'God that smile, I love your smile.' she thought to herself, taking a drink from the glass. 

"Max, I need to tell you about myself, why I did what I did." she started watching him take a seat next to her on the couch. 

"Tina, you don't have to explain anything, I can understand being scared." He replied reaching out to take her hand. 

"No, I have to tell you, I have to be honest with you." she replied firmly, taking his hand, drawing a measure of confidence from it's warmth. Taking another sip from the glass she set it down on a small table next to the couch, "Max several years ago I was in a relationship with another guy. Matt was his name, I was in love with him, we were very close even talking marriage at one point. We were living together in an apartment, and things were going well till he got laid off from the lumber yard he was working at. That is when things seemed to fall apart." Clearing her throat she closed her eyes fighting for control over her tears that were welling up with the pain of bringing back such heart wrenching memories. 

Max gently squeezed her hands giving her time to collect herself, over what seemed to be a very difficult story to tell him. 

"Matt was really a nice guy, fun loving, spontaneous and positive, but when he got laid off he changed. He started going out with his friends, bowling and drinking. He would come home drunk and pass out on the couch. Money got very tight, at the time I was working at a grocery store as a manager, we barely kept our head above water. It made it worse that he would go out drinking and blow what little money we had extra each month. The more he went out and drank the worse he got, he would come home angry, yelling about this or that, breaking stuff around the house." "One night he came home really drunk, he found out that he had lost his unemployment status cause he was not looking for a new job. He started screaming at me about not supporting him, and that I didn't love him enough. I started shouting back at him..." her voice began to waver, Max could feel her hand quivering in his, seeing a pained express cross her features. He was going to speak and tell her she didn't need to say anymore but a squeeze of his hand stopped him. 

"I didn't even see it coming Max..." she whispered hanging her head. "He hit me once, in the side of the head with his right fist.... I blacked out for a moment and when I woke up I was on the floor, he was standing over me shouting at me to get up. He was terrifying... I tried to move away from him but her kicked me in the stomach, and I couldn't breath. The last thing I remember was him kneeling down next to me, calling me a stupid whore, and felt him hit me again in the head."

Tears ran freely down her cheeks, she was trembling, Max sat next to her stunned unsure of what to do or even say to her. He placed his arm around her shoulders drawing her closer to him, she accepted the embrace nestling her head in the crux of his shoulder. He gently stroked her hair, trying his best to soothe her. 

"When I woke up I was in the hospital, I could barely see and it hurt to breath" she whispered, wiping her eyes and nose with a tissue. "My neighbor, this kind old women who I rarely spoke to, was sitting in the chair next to me quietly knitting. She told me she had called the cops when she had heard us screaming. She told me that she was sorry she had not called sooner, then she told me that when the police didn't get an answer, they broke into the apartment and found me on the floor..." she covered her mouth quickly, a queasy feeling twisted her stomach, she felt a new rush of tears, remembering that poor old women holding her hand tightly and telling her that Matt had taken his own life. 

"Tina. Please. It's OK, I get it." Max whispered brushed the hair that had fallen into her face. Pulling her body to him, she wrapped her arms around his neck holding him tightly feeling the safety of his embrace. 

"Last night when I was changing to meet you I realized that I couldn't wait to see you. You were all I could think about, it scared me to think that I could love someone as deeply as I had loved Matt." Tina whispered in his ear chocking back more tears. 

"I love you too Tina, but I knew you weren't ready to hear that. You know I would never hurt you." he whispered in return. Pulling away from his embrace she looked into his eyes seeing the truth he had spoken. Tina leaned forward kissing him passionately on the lips, her heart swelled with emotion from his touch. She felt his hand gently cup her cheek, pulling her closer, while he laid back on the couch. Tina stretched out on top of him giggling softly around the kiss, that was growing with intensity. Parting her lips she felt his tongue waiting for hers, while his hands slipped around to her back, holding her in a comforting embrace. 

Tina rested her head on his chest, listening to the quiet thump-thump of his heart. He was gently stroking her hair, while other hand clasped hers. Tina felt safe, the first time she had felt safe in a mans arms in a long time. Closing her eyes concentrating on thumping of his heart and the gentle rise and fall of his chest. Tina felt her mind wander, finally feeling a sense of freedom, and release. A small smile crossed her lips, seeing Max's smile in her mind, just before she drifted off to sleep. 

***********

Max had not even realized he had fallen asleep, opening his eyes he felt a familiar weight on his body, looking down he saw Tina's beaming smile. She was resting her chin on top of her folded hands watching him silently. 

"Hey?" he mumbled rubbing his eyes with the back of his hands. 

"Hey yourself.." she whispered reaching up to gently caress his cheek. 

"Sorry I didn't mean to fall asleep." he replied flexing his legs trying to work the stiffness out of them. 

"Oh no, your fine, I feel asleep too." she giggled patting his chest softly feeling the firm muscles underneath flex, causing a tingle of arousal to spread through her body. 

"Are you feeling better?" Max whispered reaching down to brush a lock of hair from her face, he could feel his manhood stirring with a mix of "morning arousal" and the close proximity of Tina's warm body. He could feel her breasts pushing into his arm and her hand gently rubbed his chest.

Tina nuzzled her cheek into the palm of his hand; she felt his hand slowly slip to her chin gently tilting her head so she was looking up into his eyes. He gave her that sweet sexy smile of his, shifting she slowly crawled up so that she was hovering over him, leaning down she pressed her lips against his kissing him deeply on the lips. She opened her mouth slightly excepting his probing tongue feeling it dance and rub against her own. Tina heard herself whimper softy, feeling his arousal straining through his pants, rubbing against her inner thigh. 

Pulling away from him she sat up slightly she placed her hands on the arm of the couch to support herself, looking back down at him she felt him shift his hips slightly pressing his throbbing member into her. Looking back at her the smile faded from his lips, and a very serious look crossed his face, "Tina...I...I want you to know that I will never hurt you." She moved her hand to stop him but he shook his head and continued. "You are the most sweetest, caring, and the most gorgeous women I have ever met, and the thought of hurting you just makes me physically ill." "I care... I love you too much to see you harmed..." 

His touching words made tears well up behind her eyes, but she had already known this, she could see it in his eyes and way they shined when ever he looked at her. Wiping her eyes she smiled down at him, " Thank you baby that is sweet of you to say but I already knew." she replied leaning down to kiss him softly on the lips. "Can I ask you something?" she whispered gently brushing her nose against his.

"Yeah, anything" Max replied with a chuckle. 

"How could any women walk away from you? You are so sweet and caring, I figured your last girlfriend would have you married and settled by now?" 

Max felt his stomach twist at the mention of Kimberly, his ex-girlfriend. Shifting his legs under her he grabbed her hips and moved her so she was sitting in his lap, trying to work his knees to get the blood flowing again. Tina allowed him to reposition himself but made no move to get off of him. 

"Her name was Kimberly, she was....she was a nice girl, but had some issues with me that could not be resolved." Max started letting his hands drift down to her hips, squeezing them gently. Tina giggled at his last comment sitting up on her knees and gently grinding the crotch of her jeans into his lap. "Kim was a very straight arrow kind of person, she didn't drink, was very conscious of her appearance, worked out daily and was a very intelligent person." "She wasn't a bad person but she was very set in her ways, very strict about what happens to and around her."

"So how did you two meet?" Tina asked giving a little wiggle of her hips, she could still feel her own arousal rising, and was resisting the urge to tear her cloths off and force herself on him, but her growing curiosity held her urges in check. 

"Well my mother introduced us at a family bar-b-q, she knew Kim's parents and they invited them and Kim with the intention of introducing us." "At first it seemed like everything was good, we got along well enough and we had some things in common, love of books and movies." "We dated for a year before we decided to move in together, that was when things started to fall apart. Like I said she was very orderly, and it was her way or no way." "At the end of our second year she moved her things out of the apartment we had and called to tell me she could not be with me if I was going to do what I do, and that I needed help for my addiction!" 

Tina arched an eyebrow and giggled, "Addiction? What the kind of addiction?" 

Max blushed averting his eyes letting his hands fall off her hips, "it is kind of embarrassing..."

Tina reached down and poked him in the stomach, "your not some crazy ex-crack head are you?" she asked still poking him gently in the stomach. 

"No! do I look like an ex-crack head?" Max replied with a chuckled trying to push her poking finger away. 

Tina easily dodged his attempts at blocking her finger and used both hands to continue to poke, which turned into a tickle causing him to laugh and plead with her to stop. "Tell me and I will stop!" she whimsically sang out as she reached around and ticked his sides just above his hips.

"All right!" Max cried out grabbing her by the wrists with each hand and holding her arms out away from him. "She said I had a....porn addiction!" Max's face turned a deep red, as he twisted away from her trying to get out from under her. 

Tina quickly put her hands on his shoulder pinning him down to the couch, "Why?" she asked with a very serious tone of voice. Max struggled against her grip but she only had to shift her weight slightly to keep him pinned to the couch. "Why?" she asked again easing back allowing him to move his shoulders slightly. 

Max finally stopped moving and gave an exasperated sigh, looking up at her he could see the very serious look on her face. "I...I was watching it regularly to help with my first book. She asked what I was doing and told her I was trying to do some research, she told me she thought that porn was disgusting and asked me not to bring it into our home. She then asked me about my story and why I needed porn, I explained what I wanted to write about and she got upset. She asked me to stop writing the story, I tried for about a month, but the story just wouldn't stop unfolding in my mind. It was like a movie stuck on play, and I couldn't shut it off. So I started writing it in secret, when I had time, I just had to get it out. The night I finished it I fell asleep on the couch, I had left my laptop on the table and when I woke up in the middle of the night I found her sitting across from me reading the story. We got into this long draw out fight, I tried to explain to her that it was just something I needed to do. The fight ended when she went into the bedroom and locked herself in. I slept on the couch and the next day she moved out."

Tina had completely relaxed her grip sitting back upright in his lap mulling over the story, realizing how silly the whole thing was. "Max, baby, that is the most retarded thing I have ever heard!" she exclaimed throwing her hands in the air. "Let me ask you this, how often did you two fuck?" she grinned putting her hands on her hips, "I mean just all out fuck, naked sweaty dirty sex, the kind you do on a summers day with the windows open, on the floor grunting and moaning?" she asked placing her hands on the arm of the couch leaning down to gaze into his eyes, which were wide with shock. "When was the last time... she pushed you against the wall, dropped to her knees pulled your hard cock out of your pants and sucked on you till you collapsed in pleasure?" she whispered in a soft sultry voice. Max slowly shook his head no, and she could feel that his arousal was back and in a big way. 

Tina could feel that her panties were wet and sticking to her sex, shifting she ground herself down into his erection making him grunt softly in response. "Max baby, when was the last time you tossed her down on the bed, took off her white cotton panties spread her legs wide and buried your face in her dripping pussy? Tell me Max, did she let you do that?" she barely whispered while she rubbed her lips against his. Tina slowly slipped her hand down from the arm of the couch, letting her finger tips drag along his cheek, then down his neck and across his chest, slowly slipping down between their bodies. "Tell me Max when was the last time you really just had some mind blowing carnal sex?" she whispered into his ear while her fingers closed around his throbbing manhood. 
