 Carla woke from a dream, rudely interrupted by her bladder. In her dream she was laying in a field of clover, surrounded by wildflowers. Shafts of sunlight broke through clouds that still insisted on releasing their contents. Naked, the large drops kissed her as she lay pleasuring herself, dreaming of a love like no other. In a dream within a dream, he ravished her there in the grasses, uncaring of the prying eyes of the cows grazing nearby. As one of the cows nuzzled her foot with its cold nose, she was jostled to reality.

"Where did that come from?" she wondered as she settled in to her true setting. George was huddled in close to her butt, while one hand unconsciously groped her breast. She pushed back with her butt, trying to get a rise out of him and a twinge of pain radiated through her hip. The pain carried the memory of last nights love making. Reliving it, it was just pure fucking and she was having a hard time believing that she was the woman telling George to do those things. And the effect she had on him; well that she was pretty proud of. 

Prying herself loose, she walked gingerly to the bathroom and alighted carefully on the toilet. Relieved, she went to the sink. Looking in the mirror, she recalled more of the previous night. She recalled the luxurious feeling of George washing her hair. Trying to run her fingers through her long brunette tresses, it was apparent that they hadn't taken the time or had the strength to run a comb through it. She then recalled George on his knees before her, shaving her legs in the warm mist. Giggling, she remembered his frustration as the mist carried the lather away as quick as he put it on. Then he had shaved her pussy. She ran her hand across it and found it smooth but tender. Looking at herself in the mirror, her pussy shown red, like a rash.

"I guess I should have shaved too," came the voice from behind her. Looking up in the mirror she saw George leaning against the door, watching her. Running his fingers on his groin at the base of his cock, he said, "five o'clock shadow. I think I gave you a little rug burn there." 

He hugged her from behind as he bent at the knees and rubbed his stubble on her butt. "Hey, that itches, "she yelped, trying to pull away. 

Turning, she thrust her hips toward him. In her little girl voice she said, "Look what you did to my little kitty," showing him the redness. 

Moving to the medicine chest he took out a tube of aloe vera. "Here, this will make it feel better." He squirted a little on his index finger and gently massaged it in. She purred lightly. As he rubbed he asked, "So how is the rest of you?"

"Well," she answered, "my hips hurt like hell, but I can't hardly give you all the blame for that, and," she paused, "I'm a little embarrassed."

"Embarrassed about what?"

"Well, "she replied sheepishly, "my language. I don't usually talk that way. I mean, I was really nasty."

"Yes you were, "he said. "And under the circumstances, it was just fine. In fact, in case you didn't notice, I kind of liked it."

Rubbing her hips, she answered, "Yeah, you were pretty obvious. Till you came along, I've never gotten that worked up. I'm getting wet just thinking about it." As though to prove the point, she ran her finger up her slit and deposited a bit on the end of his nose before force feeding him the rest. He didn't protest. "I don't think my body could take that every night, "she continued, "but I would like to keep it in the rotation."

"I'll second that," he said kissing her; always one to share.

Giving in to having to get to work, they talked as they dressed.

"So babe, what are you up to today, "he asked.

"I'll fire up the laptop this morning and see how the whole remote office thing is going to work out."

"So what about you? "She asked.

"Well, it's supposed to be a scorcher today and I have a paint crew on one job. I need to go by and make sure they don't get themselves into trouble. Then it's just the usual. I'll probably be back here by two," was the answer.

George turned on the computer in his office before they went down to grab some breakfast. Carla tried to show off by making him a couple eggs. Instead of grabbing the spatula, she tried to flip them like she'd seen them do on one of those cooking shows. Well she made it about half way. "Shit, "she said, making one hell of a mess. George tried to stifle a laugh. 

"I need to watch my cholesterol anyway, Sugar" 

Giving him her 'Yeah, whatever' smile, she slid the egg onto a plate and put it in front of him with a piece of toast and a cup of coffee. While he ate, she filled his travel mug with more coffee. "Just like the good little wife," she said to herself. She enjoyed doing it for him. It's the least she could do, considering all he had given her. She winced in pain and then smiled, as she kissed him good bye and gave him his swat on the butt on the way out.

Making herself breakfast, she grabbed her computer and sat at the dining table and began her days work. It was pretty much more of the same. Reports and billings form the various resorts. There were a couple previous customers that were making inquiries about some future trips and Carla quickly forwarded them the material they needed. There was an email from Frank and it included the name of the resort he needed to contact in Mexico and when he would like to get there. 

It was purely a business email. Not even a 'thank you' or 'I love you' at the end. Carla wanted to be mad or hurt by Frank's actions or inaction as the case may be. Carla though, had always been a believer in fate and Karma and those types of things, so when her affair with George seemed to coincide with her discovery of Frank's extracurricular activities, it was easy for her to rationalize her behavior. If she was truthful to herself, she would admit that even if Frank wasn't getting a little on the side, there was no way she was going to give up on what she had with George. 

Back to her computer, she contacted the resort in Mexico and made a reservation for Frank and ascertained who he would have to contact once he got there. She also booked his flight, even finagling him a business class seat. It would be interesting to see if he acknowledged her efforts next time he contacted her. 

Finally finishing up around noon, Carla took her dirty dishes to the kitchen and cleaned up. Stepping out the back door onto the patio, she quickly confirmed what George had told her earlier, it was a scorcher. 

Having pretty well caught up on work, she thought that now would be a good time to work on that tan she had promised him. Bouncing upstairs, she pulled her clothes off as she went, naked by the time she was in the closet. Digging around she found the little blue g-string she wore for her photo shoot and her spray tan. She giggled as she put it on, trying to align the strings and patches with the faded lines from before. Turning and looking at her backside in the full-length mirror on the wall, she wiggled her butt at herself and gave each cheek a little slap. 

Grabbing her sunglasses, she ducked into the bathroom to grab her spray tanning lotion and a towel to lie on. Plucking her iPhone from her purse, Carla went out the French doors onto the second story deck. The sun shone brightly as Carla pulled a recliner into position and spread out her towel. She sprayed the tanning lotion on her legs and couldn't resist running her hands over them. Her pussy moistened as she recalled George carefully shaving her legs, making love to them as he made his way to her pussy. 

Back to reality, she finished oiling up her front and laid back on the lounge. Setting the timer to remind her to flip over, she plugged in and found some appropriate sunbathing music. Just as she drifted off to sleep, her iPhone woke her. She was covered with little beads of sweat, it was so hot out. Needing to flip over and work on her back, she wished that George was here to help her with the lotion. Grateful that she had the lotion in a spray bottle, she turned over and did her best to make sure she got enough on her back. She made sure that George's favorite cheeks were well covered as she rubbed her hands over them, fantasizing that they were his hands. Satisfied, she set the bottle down, reset her alarm and quickly drifted off to sleep.

Meanwhile, George rushed through his morning and skipped lunch, thinking he could get home early and maybe take her out for lunch. He called her name as he came through the front door and got no response. Quickly surveying the first floor, he bounded up the stairs and went into the bedroom. A vision caught his eye through the glass. Stepping softly now, he quietly opened the door and stepped out onto the deck. Before him was a vision and he told himself how truly blessed he was to have her in his life. His dick was thinking the same thing as he scanned her backside. At first glance, he thought she was nude, but the two horizontal strings across her back and hips gave it away. He guessed that this was probably the suit that she wore when she got him a tan as a gift. Her long dark hair was swept to the side, settling on the deck, it was so long. Her backside was perfection from top to bottom. Stepping closer, he spotted her iPhone on the deck and realized she probably couldn't hear him even if she was awake. 

Kneeling next to her, he picked up the spray bottle and began to cover the spots that looked dry. Unable to resist, George carefully started at her feet and softly massaged the oil into her calves and thighs. Reaching her butt, he lovingly massaged each cheek. Carla moaned slightly as though dreaming. Working up her back, he rubbed the lotion in, making sure to get the back of her neck. Pleased with his job, he knew he should just leave her be, but her ass beckoned him to revisit. 

Rationalizing that her sweet cheeks needed extra coverage, he sprayed each cheek once more and then worked it in. Wanting to make sure that he had proper coverage, he gently pulled the little string aside that disappeared between her cheeks and ran his finger over her little anus.

Unbeknownst to George, Carla's alarm wakened her from an erotic dream where her lover was giving her a massage. Quickly realizing that dreams can come true, she elected to pretend she was still asleep and see where this leads. His hands felt heavenly as he gently rubbed the lotion into her skin. She knew his eyes were following his hands, taking in every inch. She also couldn't help but let the occasional moan escape her lips. 

Seemingly finished, she hesitated as she felt him looking at her. She felt him spray her ass again and she couldn't help but smile at his fascination with her posterior. She loved him for loving it. George's hands returned to her cheeks, rubbing gently, eliciting another moan. She felt him pluck the little string from her crack and his finger slid downward. She bit her lower lip as his finger played at her puckered little star. It pulsed slightly, kissing his finger tip. George's finger continued south as it crossed her taint and approached her pussy. Without forethought, her back arched, pushing her ass up, inviting his finger inside her. Obliging, George slowly eased his middle finger between her lips, finding abundant lubrication. Sufficiently wet, he ran his finger down her slit to lightly graze her distended clit. Carla shivered through a small orgasm and thrust her pussy against his fingers.

George was fairly sure that she wasn't this heavy a sleeper, but he was willing to play along. He began to slowly move his middle finger in and out of her pussy. Meanwhile his thumb would slide up and down her crack and nuzzle her asshole. Carla's moaning was continual as she gyrated her ass, searching for more. And more was what she got. George slid his index finger in, along side his middle finger, stretching her. His thumb continued to tease her ass, steadily applying pressure. Carla pushed back, fucking his hand, now on her hands and knees. George surmised that she was definitely awake now. 

Holding his hand steady, he let Carla fuck his hand. George's remaining two fingers slid through her lips, teasing her clit, just out of reach. Carla pushed harder, trying to force his hand to make contact with her. She continued, teetering at the edge, her climax just out of reach. She looked back at him, her eyes begging for him to let her cum. Smiling back at her, he brought the index finger of his unoccupied hand to his mouth and sucked it between his lips. Getting it good and wet, he looked her in the eye. Holding her gaze he pressed on her puckered asshole a bit more and as she thought she he would never let her cum, his saliva coated index finger pressed on her clit. That little touch was all that was needed to send her cascading over the edge. Coming hard, George held her up with his hand under her belly. He could feel the muscles in her stomach undulating. Finally spent, he let her lay back down. Turning her head and brushing the hair out of her eyes, she looked at him and simply said, "Hi."

George smiled back at her as he ran his hand over her ass, "Hi yourself; working on your tan?"

******

After her shower, Carla found George working away at his desk. He looked up as she came into the room wearing a pair of lace panties and a matching bra. "Whew, "she said, "I take it you didn't put in air conditioning when you rebuilt."

"I'm sorry," he answered "we don't get that many hot days here, so I figured it wasn't worth the added expense. " "Anyway, "he said, scanning her from head to toe," I see some real benefits to not having cooling."

Carla sauntered over, giving it her best runway strut, and perched herself in his lap. "Watcha' doin' Daddy? "She asked in her little girl voice. She batted her big brown eyes and gave him a quick peck on the lips.

George quickly began to respond physically as he inhaled her fresh, clean smell. Feeling his reaction, she wiggled her ass, trying to find a comfortable position. Regrouping and remembering that she had asked him a question, he answered, "Just finishing up this last email, then I'm done for the day."

"Goodie!" she responded, bouncing up and down and clapping. 

He figured that she might get up and let him finish, but she didn't see the need; she was quite content where she sat. Giving in, he managed to reach around her and get to the keyboard. Now George's typing left a little to be desired to begin with, but with a half-naked girl in his lap, pressing her breasts against the side of his face, lord only knows what the email would say.

Finally able to hit 'send', he closed his email program and there on his 30" monitor was Carla, sprawled across her bed in her tiny blue bikini. She poked him, like she was embarrassed. Glancing at the picture, he recognized that this was the same bikini she just had on (sort of) a few minutes ago.

"Don't you own any other suits, or is that one your favorite? "he asked.

"No, "she answered in a pouty little voice, "that's my only one." She managed a sad little frown till they both busted up laughing.

"Well," he said as he clicked on his browser, "we can't have that."

Typing in 'bikini' on the search line, he noticed that the first site was the one that Carla had posted her pictures to. "Have you checked on your pics lately?" He asked.

"It's been a couple weeks, I guess."

George found her in the archives and whistled, "Over 15,000 hits? Looks like I may have some competition."

She laughed, wiggling her ass in lap. "Hardly, although some of the comments were kind of flattering, a lot of them were just downright nasty."

Turning to kiss her neck, he whispered, "Well, I'll take care of the nasty stuff if you like."

She turned her head, kissing him and then whispered back, "Ditto."

Turning back to the screen, George clicked on another bikini site. When the opening page popped up, Carla let out a small gasp. Hearing her, George looked at the page and there on the side of the screen was an ad for Fleshlight. 

Nosing around in the bathroom earlier, Carla found where George had 'hidden' his toys under a towel in one of the drawers. She never brought it up, although George knew she had found them. He didn't bring it up either, rather waiting to see where it led; it led here. 

Responding to her gasp, he innocently inquired, "What?" Looking back at he screen as though to see what caught her attention; he said, "Oh, pretty explicit ad, huh?" The ad was one of those with that has a short video built into it. This one had a pretty blonde with her head down along side a sizable penis. She was working a Fleshlight up and down while she looked you in the eye. It was one of those point-of-view shots so popular in porn now, where the viewer makes believe that they are the main character in the scene.

Matter of factly, he said, "I have a couple of those."

"Oh really?" she responded, feigning ignorance. 

"What, so you don't have any toys? "He asked.

Blushing, she whispered as though confessing a dark secret, "all I have is an old hairbrush." Pausing, she turned and gave him a peck, "and you, of course." 

Continuing as she squirmed nervously in his lap;" I guess I never thought about buying any toys. When I was a girl, I used what all girls use when they first figure it out; you know, fingers, hairbrushes, cucumbers, watermelons."

George's jaw dropped and his eyes bugged out. 

"Gotcha," laughed Carla. "Just wanted to see if you were paying attention." 

George tickled her until she yelled 'Uncle'.

Picking her up, he headed to the bedroom and bounced her on the bed. "Get dressed; I'm taking you out to dinner." George was headed to the closet when he looked back at her over his shoulder. Carla was reclined on the bed. Her hair was spread out on the pillow as she gave him her best 'come hither' look. 

"You are insatiable, aren't you?" he said. 

She gave him a pouty little air kiss and then spread her legs wide in invitation. 

Clapping his hands together he said, "Cmon, let's get a move on. I missed lunch and that egg you made me for breakfast didn't last long."

Carla made like a spoiled little girl that didn't get her way and stomped past him on the way to the closet. With a little pop on her butt as she passed him, she broke character and squealed as she ran to the closet with George close behind.

****

George brought the Buick up from the garage and they took off for dinner. Carla was snuggled up next to him and George found himself having to battle her skirt for access to the shifter. Between shifts, George's hand naturally settled on her knee, constantly caressing. 

"How do you like seafood?" he asked. "There is a new restaurant downtown that I would like to try." 

"Hmm, I haven't had lobster in forever, "she said, teasing. Not getting a reaction, she ran her hand up his thigh. "I don't suppose you an affinity for raw oysters do you? " She gave him a little squeeze as he slid his hand up a bit and caressed the inside of her thigh. Satisfied, she laid her head on his shoulder as he drove. 

The restaurant lived up to their expectations. Carla cut George a little slack and opted for crab legs instead of lobster. George got a kick out watching her work the meat out of the shells. Her determination was kind of a turn-on for him and she flatly refused his help. The best part was her erotic way of sucking the crab from the smaller parts. More than one guy in the place wished he was a crab leg.

George had the swordfish; and with drinks before and a bottle of wine with the meal, they were feeling no pain when they left the restaurant.

Putting his arm around her shoulder, he said, "Let's walk around a bit. I need to work off that baked potato and the wine. " Carla pulled him closer and let him lead the way. She felt like she would be content to be with him wherever he went. Well that was soon to be tested. 
