 George woke most mornings with a case of morning wood; it had just never come with a brunette attached before. Carla lay across his stomach, licking and sucking his dick, her left hand playing with his balls. Laying nearly parallel to him, her ass was conveniently located and he let his left hand find its way. 

There were so many areas on Carla's body that George could call his favorite, but last night, he discovered another. There is a point where the ass crack blends with the small of the back. That one spot, that intersection, caught his eye as he had her bent over in bed last night.

Now he was content to just rub his index finger up her crack and massage that little area. Carla purred on his cock as he petted her. 

After a bit, George realized that he really had to pee and that was suddenly the priority. "Carla sweetie, I gotta go, "He said. 

Ignoring him, she continued to suckle him.

"Sweetie, "he said with more urgency, "I really gotta go!"

Still ignoring him, he figured that two could play this game. Grabbing her right ankle, he started tickling the bottom of her foot. This got the reaction he wanted. Carla squeals and starts to kick, letting go of him. Dropping her foot, he rolls to the side of the bed and heads to the bathroom. 

Standing at the toilet, he sighs in relief, only to be startled again. Another hand has a hold of his dick. Glancing down he sees Carla's left hand taking control and her head at his right hip, taking in the action. She giggles as she moves his penis around, tracing circles in the toilet bowl. Finished, and flustered, she gives him a shake, "All done? "She asks. He just shakes his head in disbelief.

Letting go of her toy; George heads to the shower with Carla close behind. Standing in a gentle rain, they wash each others bodies, running their hands over every square inch. This may not be much of a way to save water, but it is quickly becoming their favorite way to get clean. George takes great delight in washing her hair and it is the most relaxed that Carla has ever felt. 

Rinsing off, Carla drops a washcloth on the floor and as though to pick it up, she drops to her knees. With the cloth as a cushion, she vacuums George into her mouth. Looking up as she strokes him to hardness, she says' "just a quickie to get your week off to a good start."

Joking he says as he pushes her back onto his cock, "well hurry up woman, I've got to go to work!" 

Biting down to show him who's really boss, she begins to suck in earnest. One hand on his balls, the other jacking the base of his cock, her tongue and lips assailing the rest. 

Quicker than he thought possible, he felt himself ready to come. Holding on to the top of her head, he stiffened just as Carla slipped her index finger into his ass. Nearly shoving his cock through the back of her head, he exploded down her throat and she swallowed in self defense as quickly as she could. Nearly collapsing he held her tight as she stood up to steady him. Regaining his footing he said, "How about giving a guy a little warning next time."

Smiling, she answered, "alls fair in love and war," in reference to the previous night's events. She then planted a kiss on him, sharing a bit of himself. He never flinched as he their tongues roamed.

As they dressed, George explained that Mondays were probably his busiest days. He had to visit the jobsites, check to see who showed up for work or didn't. Most of his jobs ran pretty smooth once they got underway. He had a small group of guys who worked directly for him and they pretty much ran the individual jobs on a day to day basis. His subcontractors too, tended to be long time acquaintances. 

George's main job was getting the work, overseeing all the work to completion and finally, collecting the money. He farmed out his accounting and payroll, so most of his paperwork was job related correspondence, product information gathering and the like. The computer and the internet had made that part of his job much easier and streamlined.

Downstairs he grabbed a quick breakfast and told Carla that he would probably be gone most of the day and they would figure out dinner when he got home. Giving her a quick kiss, he turned to leave. Carla wasn't having any of that however. Grabbing his arm, she spun him around and literally leaped at him, climbing him like a tree. With her arms around his neck and her legs locked around his waist, she kissed him with fervor, her tongue dueling with his. His hands instinctively latched on to her ass, his fingers slipping under the edge of her work uniform; her short shorts.

Reluctantly, she released him and stood on her own two feet. Looking into his eyes, she said, "That's so you wouldn't forget me."

Placing her hand on the front of his jeans, he assured her, "Not much chance of that." She felt his heartbeat through the heavy denim.

Finally making it to his truck, he drove off waving, as she watched from the front porch. "It all feels so right, "She told herself. 

Cleaning the kitchen from breakfast and last night's lovemaking, she stalled as long as she could before finally making herself head for home and work.

Stepping through her own front door, she felt strangely detached. After only a day and two nights at George's home, her own home now felt distant. She took this as another sign, and a good one. 

Carla bent to pick the mail off the floor. They had one of those mail slots that were cut into the door and the mail just fell to the floor. If unchecked for a few days it began to pile against the door like a snow drift. She sorted it as she walked to her office and as was usually the case; the majority of it was trash. 

In her office, she dumped the worthless stuff into the recycling and sat the rest on her desk. As she waited for her computer to boot up, she made a checklist in her mind of what she would need to transfer to her laptop so that she could work from home. "Check that," she thought, "from George's home." Looking around, she recognized that this was now clearly just an office, a place to work; no longer did it seem like a room in her home. "Re-check, "she said out loud, "from home." 

The first thing Carla did was open her email to check for faxes and emails from the hotels and other venues where they currently had clients. She also looked for any emails from Frank. He knew that she liked to work a regular work week, and even though the office was in their home, she generally didn't monitor it constantly. If anything urgent arose that he needed her to handle, he simply called her. 

They currently had clients on three different cruise ships and half a dozen small groups at resorts, mostly in the Caribbean. Frank had cultivated good relations with resorts in the South Seas, Mexico and of course Hawaii. They also had winter resorts they used and even some in Europe. Carla admired Frank for his people skills, though she wasn't particularly impressed with his skills when it pertained to her; particularly after George had come into her life. Her mind drifted to George and his shower, George and his kitchen, George and his..... "Carla!" she told herself, breaking her reverie, "Back to work."

Opening emails and faxes, she perused them and then filed them in the appropriate folders. Of most interest was anything from St. Croix where Frank had to throw together a meeting for a big client. Checking the faxes from the hotel first, it appeared that all the board members had arrived safely and were checked in. Going down the list she skimmed over any notes or comments from the hotel. 

The next page was an accounting sheet where they tracked room charges and the like. Skimming the list she saw the typical items; room service, restaurant and gift shop charges and the of course, the inevitable pay-per-view porn movies. She was always amused when she saw these on the bills. Most were charged by older men who were away from their wives on business. She likened them to teenage boys hiding magazines under their mattresses. Occasionally couples ordered up porn also. Not a connoisseur of that art form, her recent searching through Frank's bookmarks had piqued her interest. There must be something to it; didn't George tell her that he looked at it occasionally?

Back to the list, she came to Frank's room and she scanned the charges. She was somewhat surprised to see the spa charge for Stephanie, whoever she was, was still there. She half expected Frank to realize that his wife might see the charge and become suspicious. Continuing on, she found that there were also room service charges for dinner, for two, and also a nice bottle of champagne. Carla couldn't remember the last time she and Frank had shared a bottle of the bubbly. 

Carla was no longer upset that her hubby seemed to be having an affair. She was more perplexed on how sloppy he was trying to cover his trail. It slowly dawned on her that maybe he wasn't trying at all. Could it be that he was trying to get caught? She knew that men sometimes didn't think straight when all the blood rushed from their big head to their little one, but this seemed all too obvious. 

Thinking about it started to give her a headache. It would all come out soon enough. Better to let it play out for now rather than force the issue, she told herself. After all, she didn't feel like the poor abandoned wife. She was ready to trade up to a more exciting model, and Frank's new interests should make the transition just that much easier. 

Finishing up with the hotels and cruises, she went over the remaining emails. Most were trash, nearly as many as she had gotten in the mail. There was one from Frank however. It was all business. It verified much of what she had ascertained from the hotel info; other than his own personal charges. 

He went on to say that he was put on notice that there may be a follow-up meeting with this same group, after they made their announcement about the buy-out. They thought it best meet somewhere else, so he was charged with checking on a couple of places they were interested in. Frank had no connections with either the one on the Mexican Riviera or the other they mentioned in Fiji. His best guess was that he would be in St. Croix for a couple more days and then just go on to Mexico and the South Pacific. Frank went on to write that he would let her know tomorrow his schedule and the resort names so that she could make the arrangements. All very business like, he just signed off....... Frank.

Satisfied with the status quo, Carla downloaded her banking info, current client files and anything else she thought she may need daily into her laptop. She also called the phone company and set up call forwarding to her cell. She would still have to come in every three or four days to gather the mail. 

Shutting down the computer, she headed to the bedroom to pack for an extended stay. Opening the closet, she grabbed a suitcase and threw it on the bed. Starting with her dresser, she started with her un-mentionables. She laughed as she thought about that word. Panties and the like were certainly not the mystery items they were just a generation ago. 

As she dug through her drawer, she realized that she had too many garments that related to that earlier generation. None of her granny panties were going to be making this trip. She only had a couple bras she was particularly proud of. Her best one was already at George's. Carla didn't really own any lingerie. She had bought a little pink teddie for her wedding night at K-Mart, but that was long gone.

She grabbed some socks and a couple over-sized tee-shirts. As quick as she threw the shirts in, she pulled them out, thinking, "I'll just borrow one from George." Simply thinking of wearing something that smelled of him made her pussy twinge. 

The last drawer contained her collection of shorts and pull-over shirts. Grabbing only the shortest and tightest, she moved on to the closet. 

Carla was clearly not a clothes horse. She had a couple nice blouses and a pair or two of dress jeans. This was SoCal after all and dressed up was jeans, a shirt and flip-flops. She grabbed a hoodie and another pair of flips flops, some sandals and a nicer pair of sneakers. Her four inch spikes and little black dress were also at George's.

Next stop was the bathroom. Carla wasn't prone to wearing a lot of makeup, so there wasn't much to retrieve from here. She did grab her trusty beech-wood handle hairbrush, but doubted that it would be used for much more than brushing her hair, unless George maybe wanted too....... Her pussy twitched once again. 

Satisfied that she had what she needed, she was ready to go. Swinging into the kitchen, she opened the fridge and dumped anything that wouldn't last a week. Pausing to think if she had forgotten anything, she was glad she didn't have any pets or houseplants to worry about. "Odd," she thought to herself, "George doesn't have any pets either, well until now. Now he has me!" She smiled as she left and locked up the house.

As Carla was about to leave, she texted George to let him know that she was on her way back home, she wrote it just that way, and asked if she could do anything for him on the way or when she got there. She signed it with a ;). 

George had just stopped to grab a sandwich for lunch. Reading her text, he noted her use of the word home and could only smile. Going home today would feel different, he knew, and he was looking forward to it. "Just a couple more stops to make. Will be home by two and then have a couple hours of paperwork to do. We can barbecue a couple of steaks for dinner if you like." He signed off with :p.

His return text came quick. Happy that she would be seeing him soon she texted back, "See you soon, btw, what's ;p?"

"Me licking you," came the answer; her pussy spasmed once more.

Carla got 'home' in plenty of time to unpack and claim part of the closet and a couple of the built in drawers. She found plenty of room in the bathroom for her feminine stuff. Nosing around a bit, she found that most of the drawers were empty except for the usual items; his toothbrush and toothpaste, razor, scissors, and other manly products. In a lower drawer she found a towel that seemed to be out of place. All the other towels were in a cabinet near the shower. 

Looking over her shoulder as though she may get caught, she picked up the corner of the towel. She uncovered a box of condoms and a bottle of Aqualube. There we also two plastic things that looked like oversized flashlights. Picking one up, she looked at it, trying to figure out how to turn it on. "Funny" she thought, "it has a lens cover." Twisting it off, she was startled, looking at a pair of pussy lips. She giggled and with a grin, looked over her shoulder again. 

Turning back to what she now knew was George's toy; she stuck her index finger in her mouth and got it good and wet. She slowly pushed her finger into the simulated snatch and was amazed by its feel. Moving it in and out a few times, she looked over her shoulder again and then slowly brought it up to her face. Looking at it closely, she extended her tongue and gave it a cautious lick. Obviously lacking any kind of taste, she found that she kind of liked the feeling of the lips as her tongue pushed them from side to side. 

Getting braver, she stiffened her tongue and stabbed at the pussy. Her own pussy responded to her actions and she went with it. Dropping her shorts, she kicked them across the room. She grabbed her hairbrush from its new home and sat on the closed toilet. With her legs spread and her eyes closed, she slid her beech wood lover into her own wet pussy while her tongue made love to the plastic pussy. Moaning with pleasure, she was envisioning George pounding her, her legs spread wide. He held her by the ankles and licked her feet and toes as he punished her pussy. A woman, whose face she couldn't see, sat on her face, grinding her pussy onto Carla's mouth. George alternated his strokes, rotating his hips as he sought out her g-spot and clit. The unseen woman screamed Carla's name, telling her where to lick and when to nibble at her clit. The toilet seat became slick from Carla's juices. In a crescendo, all three of them came as one. Her orgasm nearly sent her to the floor. 

Regaining her composure, she got up, weak in the knees and cleaned up her toys. Back to the drawer, she couldn't resist opening the other 'flashlight'. She gasped as she removed the lid to reveal a single small hole. "An asshole, "she thought, feeling her own pucker tightly. Quickly putting the cap back on as though it might escape, she carefully put the drawer back as she found it.

Slipping her panties and shorts back on, she quickly surveyed the room to make sure she left no incriminating evidence and headed downstairs. Just as she hit the bottom of the stairs, the entry door opened and George swept in, taking her in his arms. Kissing her, he could feel the heat radiating from her face and smell her excitement. Reining himself in, he put her back on her feet, she looked flushed, anxious. "Sweetie, I really need to get this office work done first, so give me a couple hours and then we'll think about dinner." Kissing her again lightly, he turned and headed up the stairs to his office. 

Watching his ass as he climbed the stairs and disappeared into his office, Carla let out a sigh of relief and felt a pang of guilt. She retreated to the kitchen, thankful that she hadn't been caught.

As George stepped into his office, he did an immediate about face and headed to the bedroom to slip into the home uniform, a pair of shorts and a tee shirt. Stepping into the closet he was pleased to see that some of the vacant space was now being used. After changing, the urge to get rid of the quart of water he drank with lunch hit and he stepped into the bathroom. The telltale aroma smacked him in the face as he turned the corner. Standing in front of the toilet, kind of wishing that he had some assistance, he sniffed deeply again, wondering what he had missed. About finished, he suddenly remembered the bottom left hand drawer of the bathroom cabinet. Giving it the obligatory shake, he zipped back up and checked the drawer. It looked just like he had left it weeks ago, but being suspicious; he picked up one of the Fleshlights. Removing the front cap, he found the simulated pink pussy lips. Running his finger over the lips, he felt the moisture. Convinced that it had recently been rinsed, he replaced the cap and carefully placed it as he found it. Smiling inwardly, he went back to his office.

Meanwhile, Carla kept herself busy in the kitchen, getting things ready for dinner. The steaks were out of the freezer and thawing and she had rinsed and cut up the green beans. Having gotten everything together, her mind wandered back to the bathroom and the guilt set back in. She felt guilty for having nosed around in someone else's home. As much as she felt at home, she knew that it was still George's place, and she had no right to be poking around. If he wanted to show here something, then he would do it in his own time. The last thing she wanted to do is screw up a good thing.

Giving it a bit more time, Carla called ups the stairs, "Honey, can I bring you something to drink?" George placed his order for a glass of ice tea.

Barefoot, she carried two glasses up to his office and placed his on a coaster on his desk. She plopped down in his big leather easy chair and threw one leg over the arm, her leg swinging back and forth. George glanced over her and smiled as he tried to carry on a telephone conversation with a supplier. As she took a sip of her tea, his eyes wandered down to the crotch of her shorts showing a perfectly formed camel toe. Distracted, he had to back track his conversation, apologizing to the person on the other end. Carla giggled into her glass.
