 George awoke in the same position he fell asleep in the night before. Their lovemaking last night was a first for them both. Never mind that it was the first time it went beyond oral sex. It was the first time that George had ever been ravaged by a woman. Carla found another part of herself that George was more than happy she had discovered. The dirty talk and animal-like passion from her just made him that much hornier. When he finally came, it was like nothing he had ever felt before. 

And for Carla, well once again, George took her somewhere completely foreign. She found another side of herself, which she never in her wildest dreams would have thought existed. She had truly been a wild woman. 

Trying not to wake her, George pried himself loose from. Their combined juices had them glued together. It was no wonder he didn't move all night. Standing by the bed, he looked back at her. She looked angelic laying there, a disheveled angel to be sure, but an angel in his eyes. He gently moved the hair from her face and kissed her forehead.

George took a quick shower in the rain and drug a razor over his face. Figuring on making her breakfast in bed, George slipped on his shorts and shirt and got ready to go downstairs.

As he stepped back into the bedroom, he saw his angel was still fast asleep. She had managed to kick off the covers and was on her back, her arm stretched out to his side of the bed, as though searching. Sitting beside her, he just stared, taking in her beauty. Brushing her hair back again, he ran his fingers down along her face, tracing her jaw, back to her lips, running his finger across them. Carla unconsciously licked her lips, brushing his fingertip. 

His journey continued, down her neck until he found the tan line, her gift to him. His dick responded as he recalled his first look at her by the spa. His finger continued down the line to her left breast and he traced the little triangle that barely contained her nipple. Unable to resist, he wet his finger and circled her hardening nubbin a couple of times. Continuing on, he repeated the procedure on her right side before traversing down her stomach toward her bejeweled navel. 

Slowing to take a couple laps around her cute little 'inny', he ventured on to the promise land. Coming to a perpendicular line, he traced it till it fell off both hips. Returning to the apex, he traced a slightly larger triangle that again was barely effective in its task. Careful not to touch her girlish slit, he moved on down both legs, ending at her toes, where he softly placed ten little kisses. 

Prying himself away, he headed downstairs to survey the kitchen and see how creative he was going to have to be. First though, he stepped out onto the front porch to survey the day. It looked like another day in paradise.

In the kitchen, the first step, as it was every morning, was to get the coffee started. That underway, he scrounged around in the fridge and gathered up the makings for a couple decent omelets. Just as he was pouring his first cup of joe for the day, he heard the shower upstairs running. "Sleeping beauty has risen, "he said to no one in particular. Grabbing two mugs, he poured the coffee and headed upstairs.

When he reached the bedroom door, the room resonated with Carla's giggling and laughter. Peeking into the bathroom, he saw that the shower lights shone dimly. George set the mugs on the counter and peeked around the corner into the shower. 

Inside was his little water nymph standing under a waterfall that cascaded down from one wall. Carla ran her fingers through her hair, rinsing out the shampoo that glistened as it ran down her toned back and funneled through her ass crack. George never envisioned such a sight when he designed the shower.

Carla turned, giving him just enough time to hide again. Waiting a second, he glanced in again to find her perusing the instructions. Giggling and clapping like a little girl who was just given a puppy, she skipped to one corner of the shower. George knew immediately what was going to happen next. This was the corner he called the 'massage corner'. It consisted of three vertical rows of heads, six heads in each row. Each head has its own valve and pump. The pumps were adjustable so that the water oscillated at whatever frequency you wanted. In addition the heads were also directionally adjustable. Last but not least were two vertical grab bars. 

The original intent was that you could set up the corner to massage any part of your body, from head to foot. George was guessing that this little sex kitten was not interested in a massage. Playing with the valves and nozzles and adjusting the pumps was like playing in the sprinklers and George enjoyed the show. 

Finally, she seemed to have it set up just like she wanted. Four of the jets, located just above and below nipple level were set on a gentle stream. "Clever girl," he thought. These jets would be like gentle fingers pinching her nipples. Further down at tummy level, the six jets were set on a gentle fog, just enough to keep you warm. The last jets were down at knee level and they were concentrated on her sweet spot, set to pulsate at different times, like three little water machine guns.

Grabbing onto the bars, Carla faced the wall and moved around trying to find the right footing. George was treated to an erotic masturbation dance as she undulated and twisted, like she was teasing the water, prolonging its agony. With her eyes closed, luckily for George, she turned her back to the corner to see what she could accomplish on this side. The upper jets simply massaged her back while Carla danced to find just the right spot for the lower jets. Standing still, she leaned slightly forward and reached back to spread her ass cheeks. George could see her shudder. Only now did George realize that he had absentmindedly been stroking his cock throughout this demonstration.

Returning his gaze to Carla, she turned back to the wall, evidently in search of an orgasm. George had other ideas. Quickly shedding his clothes, he stepped softly behind her and careful not to frighten her. Starting at her heels, he slowly drug his fingernails up her legs, sending a shiver down her spine. Standing up straight, he had a butt cheek in each hand and massaged each in unison as he let his fingers crawl between her cheeks, teasing her pussy lips and her little star. Running his fingers across her anus, Carla let out a moan that could easily be heard over the water. Moving up, he ran his nails up her back and sides. Reaching around in front, he battled the spray heads for domination of her breasts as he ground his pelvis into her ass.

Carla was just below the peak, ready to shoot over the top and tumble down the other side. Turning her head, she kissed him hard while reaching back, grasping for his cock. He teased her for a few seconds, playing keep-away, until she broke their kiss and whispered in his ear, "Fuck me, Please!"

Relenting, he let her find him. Grasping his rigid cock, she pulled him to her, running his tip in her crack, pausing at her puckered anus. Letting go momentarily, she regained control as she reached between her own legs, drawing him to her greedy pussy. Carla ran his cock along the length of her slit, priming him for penetration. 

Sensing that the timing was right, George took control. He returned her breasts to the tickling jets and grabbed her by the hips. Carla was more than ready and released his cock and white-knuckled the grab bars. Bending his knees slightly, his lubricated crown found her portal and with one upward motion, buried himself to the hilt. Carla cried in passion as her inner walls undulated, pulling him to her core. George could feel her crest the summit, an orgasmic quake racking her body, both thankful for the grab bars.

Letting her catch her breath, George place his hands on hers on the bars and leaned into her, kissing the back of her neck and nuzzling at her ear. George began a slow grind, rotating his hips, his cock stirring the pot. Carla responded with a counter rotation, pushing back, assuring she had all he had to offer. 

George felt his own climax building and was determined that Carla get one more for good measure. Grabbing her hips once more, he tried to place her in the path of those upward shooting jets. Sensing his intent, Carla half-heartedly tried to thwart his efforts, pushing back, only mating them that much more securely. With final determination, George squatted slightly and thrust up, pushing her clit directly in line of the licking jets. Her feet no longer touched the floor as his cock bumped her cervix. She was impaled on his cock, hanging on for dear life. Feeling his tip tickle her depths, George released his payload, spurt after spurt, filling the gaps between his cock and her inner walls. Her body responded to the attack. Her pussy contracted and pulsed, unsure whether to strangle the intruder or try to suck the life out of him. Grabbing the rails even tighter, she went rigid as her pussy tried to drown her attacker, flooding him with her juices. 

Sensing surrender, George set her on her feet and hugged her tight, his arms under her breasts. Her heavy breathing loosened his embrace as her grip on the bars kept them both upright. Regaining his strength and feeling his troops retreating, he turned her and kissed her softly. Staring deeply into one another's eyes, nothing need be said of love, it was that apparent. Embracing again, George reached with one hand and shut down the 'massage corner', thinking that a new name may be in order. 

Half carrying her with his hands under her butt, he placed them under the falling rain for a final rinse. 

They were both still weak and the coffee was cold as they stepped from the shower. Under the heat lamps, they dried each other, slowly, deliberately. They paused after drying their favorite spots to anoint them with gentle kisses. Needless to say, it seemed to take George forever to finish his job, but this was one customer who wasn't about to complain. 

Putting the finishing touches on, George combed out and dried her hair, never taking his eyes off her reflection in the mirror. 

Satisfied that her hair was dry, he patted her on the ass, "All done, now how about some breakfast?"

Turning, she hugged him tight and kissed his chest, taking a nip at one of his nipples, "Yeah, I worked up a bit of an appetite. A little warmer cup of coffee would be nice too."

As George headed to the closet to get dressed, it dawned on him that all Carla had was the little black dress that she wore last night. Grabbing a robe, he said," I guess this will have to do for now"

Smiling, she took her keys from her clutch purse and tossed them to him. "Trunk, "was all she said.

Obediently, he set off down stairs and returned with a gym bag. Reaching into the bag, Carla retrieved a pair of boy shorts, her standard short, shorts and a cut-off tee.

Watching her dress he said, smirking, "A little presumptuous?'

"Hopeful," she answered, as the tee shirt slid across her hard nipples. 

Trundling down the stairs into the kitchen, George went to the fridge to fetch the omelet makings while Carla sought out the coffee maker. Pouring herself a cup, she looked out the window at her first daytime view of George's property. She was awestruck; so much so that she overfilled her mug. Grabbing a paper towel, she sopped up her mess while she looked out another window. All she could see were trees, big trees. 

Grabbing her coffee, Carla stepped out onto the back deck and took in the panorama. They were in the middle of a forest, or so it seemed. Still trying to make sense of it, George yelled out, "How is it out there? Warm enough to eat outside?" Carla managed a, "Uh, yes." 

"Well come and get it," he yelled, "This ain't a restaurant." Carla pried herself loose from the view and went in to help.

Setting their food down on the patio table, Carla finally asked, "What is this place?"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, we're still in the city, right? But all I see is a forest. "She said, as she watched a couple squirrels chase each other across the ground from tree to tree.

"Well, "explained George, "around 1905, a lumber baron from up north bought these five acres and built this house. Over the years he brought in seedlings and small trees and planted his own forest. I'm told that there are 50 or 60 varieties of trees here, some of which probably have no right to even survive, but here they are." Continuing, "I don't do anything but clear dead branches and such. It pretty much takes care of itself. I've always suspected that the golf course that's further up the hill here provides me with all the water and nutrients the trees need. 

"Wow, five acres? The building business must be pretty good," she said smiling. 

George laughed out loud, "Well, like I said last night, when I bought the place, it didn't look this good. I've just fixed it up as I could afford to. There is always something to do on it and I probably won't be done with it until I sell it."

Nearly forgetting her breakfast, Carla sat quietly and ate, taking in the beauty of the property. The tranquility was contagious, the only sounds being the birds and the wind whispering amongst the boughs.

Carla jerked slightly, as her mind rewound what George had just said, ", and I probably won't be done with it until I sell it." 

"We can't sell it!" she suddenly blurted out, quickly wishing she could suck the words back into her mouth.

Blushing, she slowly looked up at him. "We can't, huh? He questioned with a quizzical smirk.

Trying to backpedal, "Well, I mean, you don't want to sell this place. It's perfect, I mean it's so peaceful and gorgeous, and the house is so you. Why would you ever want to move?"

Not willing to let her loose quite that easily he said, "Well it's a lot more than a single guy needs and as I get older, it'll just be that much more to take care of."

Trying to regain a little ground, she said as she got up to take her dishes into the kitchen," Well if you play your cards right, you might find someone to help you out with that." Stopping at the doorway, and bending over slightly, she wiggled her ass at him and giggled as she went on inside. George knew that he had lost this round.

Quickly cleaning up the breakfast mess, he asked, "Would you like to see the rest of my kingdom?"

"I would be honored, my Lord, "as she managed a curtsy in her miniscule shorts.

With a quick hug and a kiss, he turned her and swatted her on the butt, "Then off with you to put on some appropriate footwear."

Giggling, she skipped out of the kitchen toward the stairs, "Yes my Lord."

George could only shake his head and laugh at her playful nature.

Waiting for her in the entry, George put on a pair of sneakers he kept by the door. Hearing her at the top of the stairs, he turned to watch her. Still playing the part, she held one hand out as though lifting up the base of her gown, her other hand on the banister. She descended slowly, her name being announced to the ballroom below, all those present enthralled by her beauty. 

George was indeed spellbound. The little shorts and cropped tee were more to his liking than a silk gown. And the frayed ball cap fit her as well as any tiara would. And even the worn running shoes seemed a fine substitute for a pair of glass slippers. 

Meeting her at the base of the stairs, he took her hand in his and kissed it. "My lady, "He bowed, making a sweeping gesture toward the front door, "Your kingdom awaits."

Breaking character, Carla leapt into his arms, wrapping herself around him, smothering him with her kiss. Still hugging, she whispered in his ear, "I love you." 

Waiting for just the right amount of time, he responded, "I love you too."

Hand in hand, they stepped outside onto the front porch. It ran the full length of the house and was about 10 feet deep. At one end was the required porch swing and scattered along the remainder were chairs and tables and a couple of rocking chairs. "Between here and the back deck, you can always find a comfortable place to read a book or just relax. Stepping down from the porch, the front drive that they came up last night was just ahead and off to the left a bit and it turned into the trees. Straight off to the left was a narrow drive that turned left again along the side of the house and a matching one was on the right.

"Well, you have a choice to make, "He said. "On your left is the road to the garage and my shop. To the right is the carriage house."

"Carriage house?" 

Turning to the right he continued, "There was a carriage house here that burned down long before I bought the place. I had one picture and some of the old foundation left to try to duplicate it, at least on the outside. It isn't big enough for my garage and shop, so I built that on the other side of the property, over a little rise so you can't see it from either building. I didn't try to make the garage building a period piece, because all the proportions were just wrong."

"So what do you use the carriage house for?"

Turning the corner, it came into view. "Well let's just go see, shall we?"

The building did look like a carriage house of the day, with the big swinging doors. In this case, they were just for show, and they went in a smaller door neatly disguised in the middle. They stepped into a good sized entry. "Off to the left is what I call the play room, "He said, letting her lead. It was one big room dominated by a small theater on the far end. The screen must have been twelve feet wide and there was seating for about fifteen in the form of recliners and couches. Off to the side was a restored soda fountain and along side that was a popcorn maker like in the theaters. The other end of the room was the play area. There was pool table, a foosball table and three vintage pinball machines. In a corner there was a poker table and next to it, an old Wurlitzer. 

Moving on, Carla gasped, startled. Next to the record player sat a woman in an easy chair. She was blonde, with long hair and quite buxom and showing it. Her long shapely legs were crossed at the ankle. Her dress was quite short and her heels quite tall.  

George cussed himself, he had forgotten about Becky. Taking Carla by the hand, he led her toward the busty blonde, as though to introduce her. As she came to a stop in front of her, Carla realized that the woman had never moved. Before panic set in, she saw that the woman wasn't dead, she was fake, a mannequin, and a hell of a good one at that. Cautiously, Carla reached out and touched her cool cheek; soft but cool.

Looking a George quizzically, he turned them toward the door and said, "Her name is Becky. A gift, I'll explain later."

Carla simply nodded and looked over her shoulder as they left the room, making sure that Becky stayed put.

Back in the entry, George showed her the rest of the carriage house which was really like a spacious two bedroom apartment. "I built this as a guest house, although I have yet to have any guests. If I ever hit the lottery, I'll let the hired help stay here. More likely though, when I get to old to care for myself, I'll probably just rent it out cheap to get someone to take care of me."

Taking his hand as they stepped back outside, she said, "I thought we had already discussed that."

Now on a small path, they continued to walk, Carla still in awe of all the trees. After a few more minutes of walking they broke out into a clearing that was dominated by a huge granite boulder. The rock only stuck out of the ground about six feet and as George led her up the back side, he explained that he estimated that the boulder was really about twice as big as the house. Reaching the top, they were presented with a view that went on forever. The boulder was easily fifty feet across and fairly flat. It sat on the edge of a canyon that afforded the view. "From here you can see all of downtown and the harbor. The airport is just beyond that and then there is nothing but water."
