 "Bastion!" I could see she was bubbling with giddiness like I hadn't seen her in forever.

"Melissa!" A smile growing on my face as she waved me in, her feet drumming a beat on the tile floor as she did an excited dance.

"I finished it! I finally finished it!" The always lovely chubby gal looked a million times cuter like this, doing a happy dance. Her generous ass swinging around into view and wiggling entrancingly, as she pumped her arms in the air. "My costume! I got the last piece put on today."

I knew what she was talking about. There had been more than a few social media posts about it. Her and her husband were Renaissance Festival addicts. They made the hour drive both weekend days. They ate the good but overpriced food there. Drank the expensive booze that didn't even try to be good. They constantly upgraded their costumes. Melissa was switching from a generic peasant's costume to a "ranger". Which was more greens, browns, and a lot more leather.

"Well, lets see it." I asked, feeling a familiar guilty tightening up in my stomach from looking at her as I had been. Thinking about how god damned hotter she was all energetic like this, as opposed to the moppy Melissa I usually saw. "Where is Carl?"

"Oh, out." Almost a sneer on her face when she said it, immediately dismissing the very idea of him. They were having another fight. Buoyant Melissa came back right away reaching out to give me a shove. "Do you really want to see it?"

"Of course I do!" I did too, for I enjoyed the Faire a few weekends a summer myself.

My eyes flicked to her ass as she vibrated away. She was wearing tight black yoga pants and her ass, god her ass was amazing. Big bubble butt, that her tight pants at least, made look perfect. She was a plumpier girl than I was used too, but not in a bad way. Not to me. Dark black hair that she'd actually cut short this year, more modernly fashionable. The other modern affectation she couldn't get rid of was the glasses, but I thought she looked cuter with them than the month she'd tried and failed with contacts.

Carl: Don't bother coming over. I'm not there and I'm staying away for a couple hours. SHE is being a bitch again.

Carl's text informed me and I sighed. Almost putting it away before he sent me another, telling me it was the same old fight they always had. About money. 

Carl: I'm out looking for another job.

Long story short on that? Carl was a great employee anywhere until summer came along. Then his long weekends in the sun, costume, and constantly being in his cups made him a crap employee on a Monday. Friday? Just as bad as he came up with reasons to leave because he was so excited to get the weekend started. It was hard to find a Monday through Friday job and he'd seemingly already burned through all of the local ones. Melissa was just as devoted and excited about Renaissance Festivals but she still held down her job. She slowly got upset the more money he spent during The Season, he always spent crazy amounts of money as it was but twice that during Ren Fest.

"Here it is!" She came out holding it up against herself the top on a hanger in one hand, the bottom in the other.

"That's awesome!" Reaching out to touch a few bits and bobs of it.

"What?" She asked seeing my disappointment even though I'd tried to hide it.

"Nothing, just... well I thought I was going to see it ON." A few blinks of her brown eyes behind those square rimmed glasses. 

I worried that that sounded a little more pervy than I intended, even though I kinda did have pervy reasons for wanting to see her in it. I mean if you've ever been to a ren fest you know it's synonymous with shit loads of yon cleavage. Plus who didn't like an attractive woman in a medieval dress? So maybe all my reasons were pervy.

"Well, duh!" She slapped her own forehead laughing. Looking embarrassed for not thinking of it. Stopping after she turned and took a few steps away, giving me a look over her shoulder. A long searching look. "I'll be right back."

I nodded, once more feeling guilty at my own excitement. Being along with my best friend's girl while she was getting naked in the next room. Knowing he wouldn't return for hours. Knowing that he'd left in the middle of a fight, that Melissa was angry at him. Unable to help but think statistically if anything was going to happen, now was that time.

"Well? What do you think?" She asked in a husky nervous voice.

I turned around and could not fight my jaw from dropping open, my eyes roaming her hungrily. She was beautiful. Erotic. A brown and green ankle length skirt. A black leather corset with big brown buttons overtop a dark green lace blouse. All under a soft leather cloak. The skirt was divided so as she struck her dramatic "pirate" pose a creamy leg was visible to halfway up her thigh. There was not as much cleavage as I hoped but more than enough to make my mouth water. She turned around after a moment manipulating her cloak out of the way. Revealing the cut of the skirt was tight around her beautiful bottom, then flowing loose.

"Holy shit Melissa," Gulping loudly I tried to get a hold of myself, but saw it was too late. Her mouth battling between a shy smile and a scared frown. "That's so awesome. You made it yourself? It's perfect! It looks SO good on you. Like SO good!"

"I made the skirts, the blouse, and pieced together the rest." She motioned to her boots that she had not put on. "I didn't put on the boots because they take forever to lace up. My only issue is with my corset. It's just a little small."

"To tight?" Because it didn't look small to me.

"No," Cheeks turning red she looked away, then back. "It pinches my shirt. So... when I lift my arms over my head..."

"Oh," I wondered how there weren't more incidents of that at the fest, then guessed there was I just had never seen them. She saw the smirk cross my face, so I went with it. "We wouldn't want that now would we?"

The words did not anger or upset her. The corners of her mouth more sheepish smile than frown, her eyes flicking to me every few seconds. I stepped forward, running my fingers over the fabric of her cloak. Making little comments about the cool stitching and softness. Just talking so she wouldn't change out of the erotic costume. Well, erotic to this nerd. Closer had another advantage since she was a foot shorter, giving me a more cleavage rich view.

"I like the cuts up front." Neither leg was visible until I spoke and she shifted so a bare knee poked free. "Carl doesn't mind you showing off so much of your sexy bits?"

"He just whined that it was history inaccurate." The fact that I had not complained won me a better view as she pulled the layered fabric, showing off all of one lusty leg as she explained how she'd done it. "One of the other girls there had hers like this, she says there's better air flow."

"It's better that's for sure," My eyes locked on her porcelain flesh as I said that.

She shifted her knee in my direction as I let my fingers trail down the hemline of her skirt. Making my knuckles brush her soft thigh, which had been my intention, but I meant to be more subtle. Our eyes meeting, judging each other's reaction to the brief "accidental" contact. On the way up I made it clear it was "my move" by doing it again, only stopping. Just holding the contact for a few moments as we chatted a little more. Seeing only excitement I slowly started up her thigh, baring more of it as I edged the fabric aside. Feeling each centimeter was sexier and more arousing.

At the top I switched to the fabric on the other side of her arousing thigh, waited for a second then turned my hand over. The pads of my fingers and then the palms of my hands. She gulped mid-way through a sentence about trying to find the right fabric, but nothing more. I nodded while giving us both a moment, then explored up inside the skirt. Finding her ass completely bare of any covering. Gulping myself as I realized I was actually touching the ass I'd fantasized so much. Soft enough that I could sink my fingers in a little. Amazing enough that my cock began to inflate in my pants.

"Did you try and figure out how to fix the Wardrobe Malfunction?" I asked as if I wasn't getting an erection from touching her beautiful bare bottom, going back to the earlier conversation.

"I can lift my arms up once or twice but they are free by the third time." Absently as she examined the way the front of my pants were suddenly tight.

It was always an alluring mystery how most women at Faire kept their tits in. Then without any coaxing she lifted her arms and I immediately saw the problem. It wouldn't even take her lifting her arms very far. The corset somehow catching the fabric and drawing it downward with each movement. Elbows going up and down even from only at forty-five degree angle from her body suddenly made the nice view became prodigious. She did a quarter of that the second time. My eyes easily catching sight of the top portion of her areolas, even the light pink of them a vibrant contrast against her pale flesh.

"Dear god Melissa." I wanted nothing more than to bury myself in them, by cock fighting for freedom. There was no point pretending it wasn't. "You'll have the whole Faire bulging their breaches. I can't help myself, sorry."

"No need to be sorry. It's very nice." The bulge or the response her timid reply didn't say, both maybe.

Still..." A lull setting over us, I felt a panic to think of something to say, to do.

"My panties weren't sexy ones at all, so I took them off." She pushed her glasses up so she could look me in the eyes. This sounded like something she had to say, had to get out. That nervous smile crooking up the corner of her delicious mouth. "If you knew how many times I've been prepared for this, you'd think I was such a slut."

That made my brain explode. I must have subconsciously recognized this fact. Easily remembering how many times I'd come over and she'd be fresh from the shower. Or slip away and then come out with a slight change of clothes. Usually putting on those damned yoga pants which made it so difficult not to stare at her ass all day. Jesus, one time even Carl had said, "She's going to put her make-up on now that you are here." He'd said it dismissively but even he'd noticed.

"You think I came over so much for Carl? Or Carl's sexy wife who's always bending over in her hot yoga pants?" I squeezed a little tighter and drew her closer, well into kissing range. 

"I'm glad none of that was in vain." She giggled guilty of doing all that teasing and proud of it.

"Vain?" I asked with a laugh, then stole the first kiss from those juicy red lips. 

When I pulled away her eyes were huge and unbelieving. Shocked to her core and I could see each reason as it passed across her pretty round face. That she'd just kissed another man besides her husband, and that it had felt good. That her teasing had built up the level of desire she felt burning inside me for her. And lastly that I had any level of desire for her (a chubby, pasty white, geek) at all.

"You've been my number one fantasy since the day I saw you in your wedding dress." I whispered, for her only, then kissed her again.

We kissed for a long, long, long time. Like five long years of wanting to kiss amount of time. Her mouth was so sweet. Her tongue nimple but timid. My hands were glued to her ass the entire time. Unable to get enough of the feel of it. Grinding against her crotch with mine. Arms wrapped around my neck she clung tight when I lifted her off the ground. Bringing her to eye level so I could kiss her harder, fiercer.

"You can put me down." Both of us breathing like we'd escaped from a monster, pushing gently against me till I let her go.

"Wha?" I asked dumbly as she hovered there before me, actually a little taller.

"Are you ready?" She asked.

I realized we were at the couch, she'd hooked it with her toes and drew us over to it. Kneeling on the arm of it, bringing her up to my height and more as I stood before her. I didn't know what she meant for a good dozen seconds, brain completely shut down. Until she waved her totally raised arms. I nodded, feeling like I might pass out as she brought her arms down. They spilled out before her elbows were even shoulder level. Two luscious, massive, orbs as big as my head. The corset holding them up but they were natural and had that sexy give to them that big natural ones did. Large powder pink areolas that got slightly darker closer to her nipple. 

"Bastion! Oh yes!" I had one in my mouth and the other in my hand before the sight of them could fully register in my brain. My other hand of course snaking back around to get hold of a plump cheek. Melissa grabbing hold of me as she let her head loll back, laughing at the ceiling "Oh god Bastion! YES!"

She moaned and called out, louder and louder. As I sucked both nipples, then kissed, then licked every last square centimeter of her breasts. They were huge so there was a lot. It felt like an hour that I spent on them but I knew neither of us could have waited that long. I mean I could have spent a year with her beautiful big boobs but my balls were throbbing for more. I kissed my way up her chest, over her shoulders and neck. To her lips.

"I want to taste your dick." She rasped, then cleared her throat and said it again. Louder, "I want to taste your big dick!"

An answer from me was not needed. She tore open the front of my shirt. I must admit she wasn't the only one who dressed up for when we'd see each other, it was one of my best shirts she ruined. Worth it! Yanking it apart, her eyes feasting on my bare chest and flat stomach. Fingers tickling over my chest and down. Pressing against my belly. I realized why when she gave a guilty look toward her room then up at me, Carl was chubby like her. It was probably hypocritical but she liked my trim body. Quiet squeaks of lust escaping her as she searched and failed to find a belly.

Guilty or not she was even more turned on. Her brown eyes burning with intensity that I thought would melt her glasses. She roughly ripped at my belt, button, and fly. Pushing me away from the couch so she could shove them down past my knees after yanking them down. No teasing now, both shorts and undershorts going at the same time. 

"Bastion you bastard!" She growled when my cock snapped free. Staring at it for a while before shaking herself, looking into my eyes. "You fucking huge dicked bastard!"

I felt my manhood had never been filled with more blood than it was right now, but I was just about average. On the thick side for sure, but average. It wasn't an ego fluffing lie. I'd sort of pieced together I was larger than Carl, years ago. It was stupid and petty but it was some caveman part of me. Hands trembling she reached down like it would bite her. Like she was imagining something so big inside her, and it was kinda scary!

Another thing that wasn't a lie was that she wanted to taste my dick. Because she dropped her face to the arm rest. Flicking her eyes up to me knowingly before sweeping aside the back of skirts. Her big ass was as perfect as her pants had always promised. Smooth, big, and milk white. While I was processing that she pulled me toward her mouth. 

"Oh fuck!" I hissed at the feel, then again at the sight of MELISSA'S mouth wrapped around my cock. My best friend's wife! She pulled it out and let me burn the image of her into my mind, with my dick rubbing against her ruby red lips. "You are better than all my fantasies!"

She giggled, smiled her shy smile. Giddiness turning to awe as she looked down the length of my cock, pulling me back. Out again she kissed and stroked me. Licked the tip, spread her spit down the length of my shaft. Looking at it like I had with her tits. Like she could play with my cock all day. One hand reached around for my ass. She used it to guide me a little deeper into her mouth, then out. Kisses, licks, and then back in a for a few deep dips. 

"Mmm! Your cock tastes really good!" This was clearly something that turned her on, it did me as well. Looking up to me for some kind of negative reaction to her words, she saw none. Relief (Had Carl really denied her this act?) then arousal showing in her eyes. "Feed me your cock Bastion! Feed me your delicious tasty cock meat!"

"Shit!" I groaned with a nod, letting her stuff my cock almost halfway into her mouth. Stop her when she pushed away. "ETake a little more! Just a little more! OH YES! Fuck that's good isn't it?"

"Oh yes! Bastion!" More relief on her face after she pulled me free, stroking me. Sure as shit Carl must have denied her this. Both of us moaning as she took me back in again. Spitting my cock out only after she had gotten it a little deeper, for a little longer. "Your cock tastes so good! So good I want to taste it at the back of my throat!"

"You that hungry?" Licking her lips, fingers, and the tip of my cock I would swear she really did love the taste of cock. I was just unsure she could get me all the way in like that. Carl had never bragged about any deepthroating action and he would have. "All this meat? All the way that deep?"

She nodded like I'd be the worst human being if I didn't let her, so I let her. Or she made herself. My shock and arousal growing as she took each inch of me. Spitting me out when she had to breath, my dick coated in saliva. She'd stroke it, eyes big at my size compared to what she was used too before trying to ingest me again. I cried out in triumph as she made it. Both her hands gripping my ass to pull me all the way in. Her eyes watering with the accomplishment, seeing my bliss.

"More!" She rasped when she caught her breath. Brown eyes wild with this long unfulfilled fetish. "Cum! I want you to cum down my throat!"

"Yes! You fucking sword swallowing wild ranger slut. You deserve that!" The way she nodded said she totally agreed. It was good that she wanted that because I was so damn close anyway. But I pulled away when she moved to take me in again. "I'm going to feed you my cum but I'm still going to fuck you."

I let her gag herself on my meat because her expression said she wouldn't be stopping me. A groan rumbling in her chest when my testicles hit her chin. Her nose and glasses mashing into my flesh. She tightened her grip on my ass when she wanted me in, loosened when I had to give her air. I was crying out obscenities and compliments as I face fucked her. Spurned on each time she looked up at me. Through her adorably geeky square rimmed glasses, mascara streaming, eyes watering, lipstick smeared to hell, but perverse joy shining bright.

"Fuck! Take a big breath!" I was caught up, yanking out and letting her gasp in. Slapping her face with my sloppy wet dick. Even out of breath she still licked at it, turned toward it wanting more. "I'm going to fill you up you sexy sexy ranger princess!" 

"Yes! Do it!" Power stroking my cock we looked into each other's eyes. 

Sharing the mutual taboo attraction for so long. Then, when she saw the first burst of pleasure in my eyes she shoved me back in. All the fucking way. I cried out! Feeling like my entire body might implode out my cock. I came. She didn't even really have to gulp, I was all the way in. All the way in that it just rolled down her throat. Into her stomach. She only battled to keep my throbbing dick from choking her. Yanking me back in every time I tried to pull away, to give her a breath. Until the last of me drained down the back of her throat, my cock throbbing no more.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" I wondered how the hell any other blow-job would ever compare to that.

"Oh god yes! Bastion! That was the best. The best best best!" Her eyes never left my dick as I sagged back against the wall, keeping myself upright. Her tongue working in her mouth, hands miming what she had done. Wanting it again. Looking at me like I was perfection, but smirking as she asked. "Ranger Princess?"
