 I phoned Rena from Montreal's Trudeau airport. It was about 10 o'clock on a Tuesday night and I was just passing through the city. I could hear lighthearted laughter in the background as we talked on the phone. She explained that she had a couple of friends over. Celia was staying over on her way to Winnipeg, and Amanda, a mutual friend from schooldays, had joined them to drink a little wine and reminisce. 

"I have a room at the Queen Elizabeth Hotel. I just wondered if you wanted me to stop by on the way. I'm picking up a car and driving up north first thing in the morning."

"Why not! I think we'll be breaking up soon; and if I don't see you tonight, it may be a while."

"OK. I'll be there in about half an hour," I said hanging up the phone.

Before I left Montreal a couple of years back, Rena and I had been close, intimate friends. We remained on good terms and still enjoyed dinner and mutually satisfying sex whenever I came to town.

When I arrived it was obvious that Rena and her friends were having a good time. There were three empty wine bottles on the table and another half full, which helped explain why these ladies looking very relaxed. 

"I've brought reinforcements." I said, putting a bottle of Bailey's Irish Cream on the coffee table. 

"Just in time," said Rena, " I'll whip some cream."

Celia was petite, pert and good-looking in a saucy way. Though small, she was well proportioned. I guessed she would be about thirty years old. She wore a pair of khaki calf-length pants and a black sleeveless top. Amanda was nearly as tall as Rena. She had a fine, rounded face and a curvaceous body -- almost buxom. She sported a matching nylon sports set - the type runners wear. Rena whipped up a lather of cream saturated with the whole bottle of Bailey's and served it in ice cream glasses with small coffee spoons. I thought this a waste of a good liqueur but she preferred to drink it this way. These girls were really flying. They'd obviously been enjoying a good time, laughing and crying their way through lots of stories. My presence didn't slow them down any. They were babbling on about male strippers in a crude and raucous way. 

Celia looked over at me and said, "Why don't you dance for us, Andy? Show us your moves."

I laughed. "If you had ever seen me dance you wouldn't be asking that!"

"It's not your dancing we want to see, " she quipped, and they all rolled about laughing.

"We'll do the dancing," said Celia. "You just stand there and we'll each get up and remove a piece of your clothing."

I looked over at Rena who smiled, winked and gave an imperceptible nod of her head.

"OK, " I said, wondering where this would go. "But you'll have to be gentle with me!"

Celia got up and danced around me, moving in rhythm to the music playing in the background. Obviously a natural extrovert, she mimicked the dance of the seven veils. She came around to my front and started to undo the buttons on my shirt. She danced, circled, stroked my chest, and eventually had all the buttons undone. She loosened the shirt out of my waistband and eased it off my shoulders. I pirouetted and bowed as Celia told Amanda to go next. Amanda seemed more sober and less playful than Celia, less in the spirit of things. She knelt down and removed my shoes one at a time. Rena did the same with socks. 

It was Celia's turn again. She removed my tee shirt with much pomp and theatricals, running her hand over my chest and tweaking my nipples. Amanda then hesitantly unbuckled my belt and after unzipping me, lowered my pants to the floor. I stepped out of them with a flourish and pirouetted again, this time only wearing a pair of Y-fronts. It was Rena's enjoyable task to lower my shorts. She nudged my erection through the Y-fronts with her nose. By this time my dick had a rock-like hardness so that as she lowered the shorts, it sprang up and pointed proudly and firmly towards the ceiling. All three had their eyes transfixed on my erect cock. Celia broke the silence by saying "I saw this blue-movie one time of a hen-party with a male-stripper. He had one of these, " she said, reaching for her glass of Bailey's-laced cream. "He sprayed some cream on the end of his penis and the bride had to lick it off. Eventually, everybody ended up having a go!"

Rena laughed. "How do you feel about that, Andy? Would you like to be our dessert?"

"If you can handle it," I said to Rena, " I'm sure I can."

"We'll see, " Rena laughed, and with two fingers scooped a blob of cream from her glass. On her knees, she held the underside of my cock and spread the cream over the head. 

"A pity they're not strawberries!" she said, fondling my balls, and licked some of the cream into her mouth. 

"Mmm!" she purred and licked some more. By now, most of the cream was gone and she was flicking her tongue across the head of my cock, circling, then wrapping her lips around the end. 

"Mmm. " she repeated. "There goes my diet!"

She smeared another dollop of cream on the end of my cock.

"Who's next?"

At first, silence; then Celia said, "I'll try some of that. I've already blown my diet."

"Now you're going to blow something else!" laughed Rena.

Celia knelt in front of me and took my shaft in her hand. She lowered her mouth and started licking the cream, spreading it around a bit. She was really making a good job of it. By the end, she must have had two inches of cock in her mouth. She spread more cream on the head of my welcoming dick, which was now tingling with the effect of the alcohol.

"All yours, Amanda!"

"Oh, I'm not ready for this." Amanda smiled. "I haven't had as much to drink as you two."

"Pass me a bath towel." I said to Rena. When she brought it, I held it up at arms length to form a curtain. "There you go, love. A bit of privacy for you."

Amanda laughed. "How can I refuse such a gentleman?"

She came under the protective shield of the towel, and on her knees screened from the eyes of her friends, took my shaft and started to lick it clean.

When she got up she said "Well, on that note I have to rush off and prepare some dessert for Kyle." They all laughed.

"I really do have to go, though." Amanda said, collecting her things and preparing to leave. When she was ready to go and was saying her goodbyes, she came over to me, reached for my cock and shaking it like a hand she said, "It was very nice to meet you!" Rena took her down to the main door to put her in a cab.

When they had left the room, I went over to the settee where Celia was sitting and stood in front of her. She was looking pretty wasted as she reclined on the cushions. She looked up, saw my dick, and said "I think I'll have a bit more cream." She reached for her glass and spread the remaining pile of cream haphazardly over my dick and pubic hairs.

"Oh, bloody hell! What a mess" she apologized, and started to clean up the cream with her tongue. She actually made quite a good job of it. When she had finished, she sat back down on the settee and emptied her wine glass. I poured what was left in the wine bottle into her glass and she settled down to finish it off. 

By the time Rena got back, Celia was languishing against the side of the settee with her eyes shut and the empty glass almost falling out of her slack hand.

"She had another helping of cream." I smiled. Rena rolled her eyes in mock surprise, shaking her head.

"I'd better get her to bed." Rena said.

"Let me help," I offered, lifting Celia to her feet and guiding her to the guest bedroom. Rena pulled back the sheets and sat Celia, her eyes closed, her head dropping forward, on the side of the bed. I got hold of the bottom of her black top with two hands and started to lift it up. Rena raised Celia's arms and between us we negotiated the top over her head. Celia was wearing a black, lacy bra. I reached down her back to undo the bra when Rena said, "What are you doing? I don't think you should be taking that off."

"Damn right I should. She almost single-handedly stripped me naked and then sucked my cock." By this time I had undone the bra and eased the straps down over her shoulders. I eased Amanda back onto the bed. Her naked breasts boasted robust, full-bodied nipples surrounded by light brown haloes. They looked beautiful. I undid her pants and eased them down over her hips and slowly off her legs revealing a pair of black panties that matched the cast-off bra on the side of the bed. 

"OK. That's enough." Said Rena. "Be fair."

"I plan to be fair," I said moving behind Rena and putting my arms around her waist. "I want her to enhance our love-making." I reached up with both hands to fondle Rena's breasts. As I squeezed them, I was gazing down at the beautiful vision of Celia's bare breasts. I reached up inside Rena's sweater and pushing up her bra, grabbed her naked breast, squeezing them and playing with the nipples. It never took long to turn Rena up to fever pitch. I was really worked up at the site of Celia lying there a couple of feet away wearing nothing but a skimpy pair of black panties. I loosened Rena's pants at the waist and ran my hand down inside her panties to stroke her bush. I played around with her mound kneading and massaging the area around her clit. My other hand was still playing with Rena's breast, and my eyes were devouring every inch of Celia's reposing body over Rena's shoulder. 

I eased Rena's pants and underwear down and she stepped out of them. My erection was jammed against Rena's ass. I reached down and guided it between her welcoming cheeks. As I went back to fondling Rena's tits, she bent forward a little and spread her legs. I moved my cock backwards and forward enjoying the moistness of her folded labia. She was really primed and ripe for me to insert my dick into her, She angled forward, breathing heavily, inducing a smoother introduction to her treasure. As I positioned my dick just into her eager cunt, she uttered a short gasp and, with a low moan, started to push back. The noise made Celia half open her bleary eyes. Seeing Rena's tits hanging there before her, with a misty smile she reached up and stroked one breast with the back of her hand. Rena responded by thrusting back with her ass, immersing another two inches of my cock inside her. Celia now took both of Rena's breasts in her exploring hands and performed wonders with them, judging by Rena's murmurs of encouragement. Rena responded by placing her hand on Celia's bush and caressing her mound through the panties. Celia spread her legs and, putting her foot on the bed, raised up one knee improving Rena's approach. When Celia raised her butt to meet Rena's attentive hand, I reached forward and eased one side of her panties down over her hip. She got the idea and pulled down the other side and took them off exposing her short, brown bush. I got a glimpse of her pussy just before Rena's hand headed straight for it and set about tantalizing her clit and stroking her lips. By now, I was up the hilt in Rena, driving home long thrusting strokes. Celia was still playing with Rena's tits while Rena responded by exploiting a finger deeply into Celia's excited cunt.

Finally, Rena came with a muffled cry and stiffened her body. She held herself rock solid for nearly a minute as wave after diminishing orgasmic wave enraptured her. Then she crumpled down on top of Celia. Each of us just relaxed, breathing heavily. I was still bending over Rena who was collapsed on top of Celia. I noticed Celia's pussy lying there completely unattended. I started to stroke her, fondly manipulating my fingers inside her. After a short time she responded by lifting her hips to meet my gentle attentions. I went to work on her, arousing and coaxing every sensation until she also squeezed her legs together in fulfilled orgasm. We all three lay on the bed, very relaxed and loose. 

Celia leaned up on one elbow.

"I think I'll finish off what I started," she smiled, grasping my semi-hard dick into her small hand. Moving up on her knees, she rolled her tongue around the head of my dick then engulfed it with her lips. Rena was gently cuddling my balls. 

"It doesn't get any better than this! " I thought.