 A couple months ago the guy I was seeing had to leave for a while. You see he is in the Army and was deploying to Iraq for his year long "vacation" to the big sand box. Of course we made each other very happy the last night he was here. You know, for those memories you hope will last the first six months until R&R. Being single and wanting more after such a great night with a hot guy who fucked me all night long in all the right ways I was satisfied for a while, but that can only last so long before you just long for that wild unleashed passion with a fine man who knows how to treat a lady.

One weekend I decided to get out of town and just escape for a day or so. Heading up the mountain passes through the snow I came to a small mountain town near the resorts. I decided that it was time to stop for a drink and a rest. So I pulled over into a small bar and grill for a bite to eat and some drinks to help me relax and get ready for a nice quiet evening at the hotel room I had rented on my way in.

The bar and grill was small, dark and you could hear old country music playing in the background. So I sat at a small table in the corner and ordered a beer. I spread my map out on the table to see where I would go tomorrow and what route I should take back home. My beer arrived and I started to drink. After three beers I had my route almost planned out. I couldn't decide if I would go back the same way, take a north route or head south and then east. 

When my fourth beer arrived it came with an attractive young man with brown hair and green eyes. He set my beer down and asked me where I was headed. I told him I was planning my route back home and was just about finished. Taking a seat he glanced at my map and the routes I had sketched. He gazed at me and politely asked if he could make a suggestion as he had lived there his whole life and had traveled the mountains many times so he knew some of the most beautiful routes. I accepted his offer and turned my map toward him while I moved my chair around the table next to his.

As he showed me a route through the mountains that took in the sight of cliffs, passes, lakes and rivers he gently gazed into my eyes with his piercing green eyes. They burned to my soul and I saw how handsome he was. I noticed his strong features, sharp eyes and honest, calm face. He took my pen out of my hand, running his fingers across mine. This sent a tingle through me and I longed for his touch again. So I moved a little closer to him, close enough to where I could smell his cologne and feel his closeness. He turned, looked at me and smiled. He took my hand and kissed my cheek softly. Then he shoed me the route he had mapped, told me of some of the tricky roads and the best views and he got up and walked away. I followed him with my eyes as he walked to the door and left. Oh how I wanted to go after him but I held myself and stayed for another round before deciding it was time to head to the hotel for a good night sleep before the journey home the next day.

Walking to my Jeep I saw a man leaning against the driver side door. It was already well past dark so I approached cautiously as I was in a strange town where I knew no one. When I reached the back of my vehicle I realized it was the handsome man who had planned my route home. I walked up to him and asked his name. He said, "I'm Tim." I got on my tippie toes so to reach his face and told him my name before kissing him with all the passion I had swelled up inside. At first we kissed softly, his hands sliding down my back. Starting at my shoulders down to my waist and then back up to my neck where he ran his fingers through my hair before taking my head in his hands and pulling my face hard into his while he thrust his tongue into my mouth and down into my throat. As he moved his tongue around in my mouth I closed mine and sucked on his tongue as he released my head and moved his hands to my chest where he massaged my breasts with his strong hands. By this time our tongues were tangled in each other and my hands had drifted to his cock. Gently rubbing the outside of his pants I could feel it getting harder.

About this time we realized we were still in front of my Jeep and close to the front of the bar. This added to the excitement we felt and fueled our passion. He grabbed me by the waist and lifted me up to the hood of the truck where he moved his mouth from mine to my neck then my chest. As he unbuttoned my shirt I wrapped my legs around him and moved to the very edge of the hood so I could rub myself against him. Ripping my shirt open he ran his tongue around my neck, down my chest and from one breast to the other. Just licking me and driving me wild with anticipation while he pulled me toward him and allowed me to feel how hard his cock had gotten. He leaned close to me and whispered in my ear, "Do you want it?" I whispered back that I did and he told me to, "Take it then." So I undid his belt and while unzipping his pants I slid my hand in his pants. Taking his cock in my hand I began stroking it. Up and down, up and down, slowly but firmly feeling how hard he was and how long he was. Feeling his length and how thick he was made me wild for him to be inside me deep and hard.

Feeling my desire he took my hand off himself and undoing my pants he pushed it inside along with his and began rubbing me. He moved my hand back and forth slowly pushing our entwined fingers inside my pussy at first making me play with my clit and then thrusting both of our fingers into my pussy deep. Moving them in and out, deeper and deeper driving me wild and making me drip those hot juices. Removing our hands he put my finger in his mouth while pushing his into mine. Sucking the juices off my finger he began pushing his in and out of my mouth like he was fucking my mouth with his finger.

Then he pulled his finger out of my mouth, gazed into my eyes and said he had to finish up inside. Still on fire, lusting for him to take me right there on the hood of my Jeep I ran my hands down his chest and told him where my hotel was and what room I was staying in. He agreed to meet me there in an hour. Then kissing me deeply and passionately he massaged my breast and walked away back into the bar. Paralyzed with desire I watched as he went and disappeared inside. Then getting off my Jeep I buttoned my pants and shirt, climbed into the driver's seat and drove to the hotel about a mile down the road.

Hot with anticipation I couldn't keep my hands off my or away from my clit. Laying on the bed with only my panties on and my shirt unbuttoned revealing my breasts I listened to music while I pleasured myself by playing with my clit and thrusting my fingers into my pussy barely able to contain myself awaiting the arrival of my mysterious man and anticipating the many ways he could please me.

The hour passed like and eternity until finally a gentle knock on the door. Not wanting to seem too eager I waiting for a second then got up crossed the room and opened the door slightly, just enough to look out with one eye. My heart and pussy leapt when I saw the handsome green eyed stranger standing on the other side. 

Opening the door he entered the room and looked around noticing the sink, the table and finally the bed. Turning back to me he took three strides put his hands on my hips and lifted me off the ground while I threw my mouth on his and began sucking his lips and tongue. He carried me to the bed and laid me down. Then taking his mouth from mine and slowly licking and sucking on my neck to my chest, each breast in turn and continuing down my belly to my pussy. And taking my breast in his hand he began flicking my clit with his tongue making me jump with sensation. Noticing my pleasure he licked my pussy from back to front slowly like he was licking an ice cream cone and savoring every last taste. While I run my fingers through his hair he starts fucking me with his tongue inserting it slightly at first and moving it around then thrusting it in deeper. His goal was to make me cum so then we can start to fuck and please each other in ways we never imagined. 

Forcing him up and to the edge of the bed I kneel down, unbutton his pants and remove them. Throwing them across the room I lean in and begin to lick his cock while massaging his balls gently. Then moving my mouth so I can suck his balls I stroke him, feeling how hard he already is and taking pleasure in driving him wild. Finally he is so hard I have to relieve him so I take his cock in my mouth shallow at first sucking on it as I move my head away then deeper and deeper, as deep as I can take him always sucking as I move away. Fingering his asshole he takes me by my hair and begins moving my head in and out fucking my face and moaning with pleasure. My pussy is dripping by now, aching for him to be inside me. 

He stands up and lays me on my back asking me to play with myself and finger myself. I lay down and slid my hand down to my pussy and start fingering my clit while rubbing my breast with the other hand. This drives him crazy with desire and so he straddles me with his cock on my chest between my breasts. Pushing my tits together so his cock is touching both he begins fucking my chest until he is ready to cum. Cumming all over my chest I reach up and rub it all over my breasts and chest. Then taking my fingers I begin to fuck myself with his cum and at last take my fingers to my mouth and suck on them.

Lifting me off the bed he takes me over to the sink and bends me over it moving my hands to either side telling me to hang on. I tell him to fuck me hard and he thrusts deep from behind so hard and fast he is gripping my hips leaving his hand prints on them. Screaming with pleasure I push into him as he thrusts forward and spanks my ass asking, "Do you like it? You want it harder?" I tell him yes to fuck me harder, but having other intentions he slows down and reaches around to finger and play with my clit. Then he puts his finger in my mouth so I can suck it and taste my juices. Backing away from me and moving back to the bed laying me down again and climbing on top of me so we can 69. He is fucking my face while I push up into his and finger his asshole.

Then he lies down and I climb on top of him, bouncing up and down hard letting him see my tits bounce with my movements. Hard and fast at first and then I slow down placing my hands on his legs to keep my balance. I sit as hard on him as I can and slowly move in small circles feeling how his cock fills me up and pushing it as deep into me as it can go. Lifting me off him I lay on my stomach and he teases me by fucking my clit with his cock's head. Then slowly he enters me filling my pussy, thrusting in and out. Grabbing my hips he gets on his knees and pulls me up to him fucking me by moving my body away and then pulling me back.

He puts me on my back now and puts my legs over his shoulders. As he fucks me hard I am screaming with pleasure and yelling for him to go harder and deeper. Then putting one leg down, he slows down and fucks me slow and deep. I'm moaning while he moves in circles and comes from different angles hitting all the right spots. Rubbing my clit while he fucks me makes me scream out for more. 

I want on top now so I push him to his back and climb on top again. Facing him and jumping up and down hard, slamming against him he takes pleasure in watching my tits bounce and playing with my nipples as the move up and down. Now I move front to back pushing hard into him. He wants to cum now. He is fighting it, trying to hold on as long as he can. Running his hands over my tits, to my back and down to my ass grabbing both cheeks then finally to my thighs squeezing hoping this will help him hang on and not explode inside me just yet. Grabbing my hips he fucks himself by making me move how he wants it, I give him full control, he grinds me hard against him while he fingers my clit. He can feel my dripping wet pussy throbbing and squeezing his cock tight while he is inside me, pulsing from the sensation. Fingering my ass he moves me around one more time before he can't contain himself any more. He flips me over to my back and thrusts his cock deep inside me. Fucking me hard and pulling my hips into him as he thrusts. Finally he cums inside me, we both scream as we reach this peak of pleasure and sensation. 

We are soaking wet with sweat now from this rodeo of passion. After a minute we decide we need a shower together. Getting up from the bed he carries me to the shower, sucking my tongue and lips. Turning on the hot water and slipping inside we rub our bodies together feeling each others slippery skin.

This arouses his desire again; he turns me around and pushes me up against the shower wall. He fucks my ass as I am sprawled against the wall with his half hard cock. I turn around and we begin to kiss. I suck his tongue and take his cock in my hand stroking it, softly because it is still sensitive. Massaging it slowly he grabs my ass, squeezing it harder as his cock becomes less sensitive and harder again. Kneeling down I take him in my mouth and start sucking his cock and holding his balls in my hand, gently squeezing them. He grabs my hair as I move my head in and out coming at him from different angles. Then licking his balls and sucking them I finger his ass while he still grabs my hair. 

Pulling me away from him I stand up and we kiss deeply as we leaving the shower grab towels and dry off. Then helping him get dressed I walk him to the door, dripping wet and satisfied. One last deep kiss and he walks out the door, down the hall and out of my sight. Closing the door and locking it I return to the bed and lay down ready for sleep after an exhausting night of passionate love and hard fucking. Waking up the next day I leave the town, following the route the man detailed and remembering fondly my night in that small mountain town.