 He sat nervously at the hotel bar, his hands idly playing with the edges of the napkin that his drink was resting upon, his third drink. He didn't often drink like this. Normally one or two beers will suffice over an entire evening. But today was different, today his throat was perpetually dry and his hands needed something to do. Finishing his drink, he looked at his watch again and noting the time he ordered another Captain and Coke. How much longer, he wondered. How much longer till she arrives?

His mind began to drift, back to the time they first started chatting over the Internet. That first fluke contact. A simple missed capitalization and he received mail meant for someone else. He deleted it the first time it happened; it wasn't the first time he got someone else's mail. The second time it happened from her he decided to read it because her screen name intrigued him. So he decided to check out her profile and after reading it his interest was truly piqued. He sent back a little lighthearted message informing her of her misaddress mail and even tried to get her to elaborate on the question she was asking the other person in hopes of helping her out but expected little to nothing in return, maybe an apology at best. What he got was much more. It was an apology but it was also very witty and open, inviting a response. So they traded e-mail for a while and discovered they both had the same favorite author. Not a huge beginning, you understand, but it was a start.

Soon they were conversing via instant messages and their conversations started to get more and more intimate. Over time they both became quite apt at typing with only one hand. And at times one would do all the typing, just with the knowledge of how much pleasure the one was giving the other. After a time they just had to hear each others voices having already exchanged pictures. Their first conversation was simple and short but she had the sexiest voice, he could still hear it in his dreams days later. And even though they lived a thousand miles away from each other, the long distance charges be damned, they had great phone sex. It was some time later that the proposition was made, a simple get together in a city that neither called home. Everything was hinted at but nothing was suggested.

"Eric?"

His roving thoughts were returned by the voice, her voice. He turned to her and took her in for the first time. She was right, that picture that he had of her did not do her justice. The first thing he saw was her eyes, bright and beautiful. Then her hair, falling about her shoulders, sandy blond streaked with red. The streaks made him smile. He knew she hated those streaks but she also knew just how much he loved the red. "Hi," he responded in turn and hoped she did not notice the slight nervous quiver in his voice.

"Have you been waiting long," she asked in a sheepish manner that somehow put him at ease.

"Not long, not long at all." It was not a lie because for this, he would have waited till the end of the world. He reached forth with his hand and cupped her cheek, stroking it with his thumb. He looked deep into her eyes and whispered, "I can hardly believe it's you."

She leaned into his hand and closing her eyes she breathed a deep sigh. Upon opening her eyes she laid both her hands upon his chest. After leaving them there a few moments, as if to assure herself that he was indeed real, she moved them up his form, letting one come to rest along the side of his neck while the other ran up into his silky dark hair and began to stroke it. "Neither can I," she breathed and smiling she added, "My wolf mate."

The pet name filled and suffused him. Laying his other hand to the other side of her face, he drew her to him. His deep brown eyes were filled with her vision, her beauty. Then their lips meet, for the first time. In those few moments the world ceased to exist. Their bodies were on fire. There were only their lips, their tongues and their embrace.

After what seemed like hours passed, they broke the kiss and she laid her head on his shoulder. "Have you checked into your room yet," he asked, stroking her hair.

"Nor yet," she sighed. Pulling away slightly she looked at him with a wicked glint in her eye and a grin on her lips, "But I could always use help with my bags."

Impishly, he reached down and squeezed her firm behind, causing her to jump a little and emit a small squeak. "Naughty, naughty," he replied with a grin of his own.

Pulling away, she gave him a playful swat. "Just for that you are going to carry my bags." She took his hand in hers and they started for the door. After checking in they headed for her room, which not so coincidentally was just down the hall from his own. She opened the door and enters first. As she continued on in to survey the room he set her bags down just inside the door and closed it behind him. Then as quietly as he could, he quickly moved in behind her, embracing her about the waist and chest, and with a little wolfish snarl, he gently bit the base of her neck. A sighing moan escaped her lips as she arched her neck to the side, allowing him more access and hugged his arms to her tighter. She is so soft, so supple, so hot. He trailed his bites and kisses up her neck until he reached her ear lobe, which he chewed on for a bit before speaking.

"I've never wanted anything as much as I've wanted this, as much as I've wanted you."

Reaching up she entangled her fingers in his hair and grasped it firmly, guiding him back to her throat. With her other hand she reached around behind her to feel his hardening package. "Aye, my love, so I see," she said through her broad grin.

He moved his hands up to her full breasts and massaged them, and pinched her hardened nipples through her blouse. He wanted more. He needed more. He needed to feel the bare skin of her heaving breasts. He reached for the top button of her blouse and undid it. He then set to the rest until her blouse hung open at the waist and then pulled the rest out from her skirt. He slowly slipped it from her shoulders. She lowered both arms to allow it to fall to the floor. Then he undid her lace bra and let it fall next to the blouse. Her hand returned to stroking his cock through his slacks, as his hands glided up her waist to the base of her now bare breasts.

His kisses trailed around the back of her neck and his nibbling began anew on her other side. His hands began a deep kneading about the base of her breasts and he slowly pulled the hot, soft flesh out toward their peaks. He ended it with a soft yet firm hold on each nipple and gently tugged out on them. She groaned deeply and pushed herself back into him. As each nipple slipped from his grasp she shuttered, grunted and squeezed his shaft. She hugged her arms about her chest and he wrapped her in his as he gently rocked her to and fro.

After a few moments she turned to face him saying, "You're going to pay for that you know." Kissing him fiercely, while grasping his head between her hands, she backed them toward the bed. Feeling the bed hit the back of her legs, she turned them both around and breaking their kiss, she shoved him backward onto the bed. It did not take her long to remove her shoes and skirt and with them lying to the floor, she stood naked before him. He had little time to appreciate the scene though as she threw herself on top of him. Her passion was raging as they kissed again. He tried to take her in his arms, but she but she had other ideas. Grasping his arms she pressed them down onto the bed. Her hands then went to the middle of his shirt and grasping it firmly, she tore it open. Buttons flew in all directions. Her fingers were now free to roam about the curly, downy soft hair on his chest. She broke the kiss and began to move to kissing and nipping his neck and chest, emitting little growls along the way. She stopped for a moment to bite and suck his nipples till she heard a satisfying groan of his own, before moving on down to her true target.

Reaching his pants, she looked up into his eyes and could see the lust burning there and she could feel his lust straining to be removed from its encasement. She undid the top and slowly lowered the zipper. Reaching around to the back of his pants she pulled at them until his cock sprang forth and they were on the floor next to hers. As he struggled to remove his now somewhat tattered shirt she went on with her joyous business. She licked and kissed at his inner thighs and then up to his stomach, letting her hair ever so lightly brush his ragging cock. She then moved down to kiss the head and then kiss down the shaft, driving him crazy.

"Please," she said looking into his eyes, "please let me suck your cock." Her lips curled into a knowing, wicked smile.

"Oh fuck yes, please yes," he moaned in response and threw his head back with force as her mouth engulfed his pulsing rod.

Soon his cock was at the back of her throat and she moaned with pleasure. Her head then began to bob up and down on his burning hot shaft, letting it out till just the head was still in her mouth before taking it back in deep. On every fourth or fifth, she would suck hard on the up stroke, making him shutter and groan loudly.

She could tell he was not far off and she wanted to taste his cum. She wrapped her hair about the base of his cock with her hand and she began to jack at his cock with it and the bobbed up and down. It was like his dick was encased in silk. With that and her ever so talented mouth and tongue he was soon shooting load after load of hot salty sweet cum into her mouth and down her throat. Licking his dick clean and then licking her lips, she crawled up his body and lay atop of him, nuzzling his throat.

He kissed her hair atop her head and breathed a deep sigh. He was slick with sweat and still quivering as he pulled her up and kissed her lips and cheek. "Oh my god, you're incredible," he said as he hugged her to him strongly.

Rolling her to his side he pulled her to the center of the large bed. They kissed again for a time before he started to make his way down her beautiful form. He kissed down her chin and neck and then down between her breasts. Taking her breasts in his hands once again he kissed his way atop her left one, licking and sucking her taught nipple till she was moaning, after a time he then moved on to her right and gave it the same wonderful treatment.

He had to move on after a time again. He just had to have that sweet, succulent prize that lay below. So he kissed and licked his way down her stomach, kneading the flesh with his hands as he went. She spread her legs wide, to allow him access to her. Upon reaching her steaming hot and wet pussy he placed his hands to her inner thighs and massaged them deeply while spreading them out even further and them holding them there. His target was in sight but he want about to let her off easy, no matter how great it smelled.

He started with her right inner thigh, kissing and licking his way toward her pussy. Upon reaching it he switched to the other thigh but not before blowing across her clit as he did. She was groaning before long and grasping at his head with one hand, in a desperate attempt to get him to the center of her desire, while the other hand was pinching her nipple. As he made his way back to her soaking cunt, he ever so lightly began to lick the outer edges of it, teasing her to no end. All around it he went, careful not to touch her throbbing clit.

"Oh please," she pleaded, "please do it now. Fuck, please, now!"

Smiling, he then set out to encircle her clit with his tongue. Around and around he went, hearing her shutter every time his tongue flicked across her pussy lips. But he could no longer hold out himself. He put his lips around her puffy, red clit and gave it a hard, sucking kiss. This time it was her turn to throw her head back into the pillows and groan that deep throaty groan.

She had the sweetest pussy he'd ever tasted. Wow, he thought, she was right. She tastes just like pineapple. He tore into her pussy with an abandon, using one then two fingers of his right hand to probe deep into her. He lapped up her juices and licking and sucking her clit until she was writhing in ecstasy.

Raising his head, he looked into her face and smiled. "Cum for me baby," he crooned to her, "Cum for me."

And she did. Her body shuttered and she growled softly, her breath harsh, and she bit her hand in the process of coming down. He crawled up her body and kissed her. She kissed him back passionately, enjoying the taste of her cum on his lips.

"Mmm, more," she pleaded. "Please more, I want more."

He wanted more too. His cock was starting to show signs of life again so he knew that soon she would have her wish. "With a little help, love, you can have all you wish," he said while grinding his groin into her.

She rolled him off to one side and got up from the bed. Walking around the foot of the bed she made for her bags at the door. He couldn't help but admire her fine ass as she did. It was wonderful and moved just right.

As she bent over one of her small bags, her bathroom case unless he missed his guess, he propped himself up on his elbow and asked, "what'ca gettin' hun?"

She stood back up and walked back to the bed and he saw that she was fanning a condom back and forth between her thumb and fore finger. "I want you to last a good long time for this one, "she said, "and this will help make sure you do."

She sat on the side of the bed and took his semi hard cock into her mouth again, sucking it until it was good and hard once again before stopping. Then taking the rubber from out of the package she rolled it down his cock. "There," she said with a look of satisfaction. "That will work perfectly." She climbed up his body and kissed him. "Are you ready lover?"

"Yes," he hissed. "Please." Sitting up at his waist, smiling, she raised herself up on one leg then using her right hand she guided his stiff member to her moist lips and lowered herself down upon him, slowly sinking him deep into her. They both shuddered in ecstasy. She placed her hands on his chest and steadied herself for a moment, eyes closed, enjoying his fullness within her. Opening her eyes, her face beaming, she began to raise herself up then down, riding his cock.

After a time he reached up and took her breasts in his hands and fondled them again, rolling her nipples in his fingers. She leaned forward, shuddering and bit his shoulder as she came again. "More," she pleaded. "More."

More is just what they did, her body slowly moving, undulating down onto him, her full breasts pressing into his chest, her muscles gripping his shaft, his hips rising to meet hers. More groans, more soft bites, more lingering kisses. They would gently grab each other's hair and pull, the sensation from the scalp would race down their spines and meet the vibration from their slapping pelvises that was racing back up. On and on it went into the day until finally he couldn't last any longer and he could feel the sensation deep within his balls and knew he was about to cum.

"Oh fuck. I'm cumming," he grunted into her ear.

Her face started to beam even brighter and she cooed to him, "That's it baby, cum for me. Cum in me."

His cock throbbed and pulsed as his climax hit him and tore through him and into her, feeling his pulsing and the heat flow into her she cums yet again, his grunts joining her softer growl. She emits a soft whimper as his softening member slowly slips from within her. They held each other as they both come down, him on his back and his hand caressing her head, resting on his chest. They fell asleep like that for a short while, just a cat nap really, enough to regain some energy.

After a time he spoke to her, "Hun, I have a toy for you in my room. Would you like me to go get it?"

"Mmm," she purred. "What is it?"

"It's a surprise. But I just know you'll love it. I'll just be gone a minute now. Ok?"

"Ok," she said to him and kissed his chest before moving aside to allow him up. As he got up and quickly dressed she watched him while running her hands gently over her body in anticipation. "Now, hurry up. I can hardly wait."

Reaching the door, key in hand, he turned to her and said, "Hey hun? Did you bring that little red Babydoll outfit?" With her nod he put on an evil grin and added, "Great! Why don't you put it on? It'll go great with the toy. You're going to love this, babe. I won't be long," and slipped out the door.

She quickly got up, full of energy, and went through her bags for the teddy. Finding it, she hurriedly put it on and being that there isn't that much to a teddy that was plenty quick. Returning to the bed, she couldn't help but lightly play with herself and wondered just what her "surprise" was. It could be a number of things, toy wise. Hell, she thought, it could be anything from a great vibrator to a whip and cuffs. Those would be only for him of course. Yes, I bet that's it. It goes right along with that great "cyber sex" we had, me in this teddy, whip in hand, and I had him all tied up on the bed. Fuck. I can't wait. And she proceeded to past the short time by imagining all sorts of things they could do with his toys and played with herself.

Her thoughts were brought around by the key opening the door and his poking his head into the room. "Are you ready for your toy," he asked grinning from ear to ear.

"Yes, please," she cooed and in anticipation she made her voice more authoritative, "I want my toy now."

"Alright, here it is," he said pushing the door the rest of the way open and walked in with a beaming smile he said, "Sharon, this is Sue."

Sitting up in the bed, Sharon's jaw fell open and her eyes grew wide to take in all of the young woman who entered. Bright red hair that fell to her shoulder blades and big beautiful blue green eyes that took her in, in turn. She wore tight black slacks that hugged her slim hips and waist. And a tight black top that stopped half way down her hard, flat stomach, leaving her pierced belly button exposed. Her thoughts raced a mile a minute. Oh my god, I can't believe he did it. I look like hell. She looks incredible. I'm going to kill him - I can't believe I'm finally going to make love to another woman.

Sue stepped forward, toward the bed and with her hands unnecessarily straightening her top. "Hi," she said with a slight nervous quiver in her voice, "I can't believe that I finally get to meet you, I've heard so much about you."

Eric closed the door and approached the bed, half way between the two lovely women. "I think that you two get to know each other better. We could do that here or we could go out and have dinner and drinks first. What do you say?" He walked over and knelt on the bed next to Sharon; he put his arm around her waist and spoke into her ear but while also looking at Sue. He said in a voice that they both could hear, "what ever you want, dear. I just want you two to be comfortable and to have fun."

Sharon turned to him and looked him deep in the eyes, "I could never do this without you. You make it so easy, thank you," and kissed him. As he got up off the bed the women looked at each once more. I can do this, she thought, my god I can't believe how much I want her, and raised her hand to Sue in invitation.

At Sharon's gesture, Sue got onto the bed, crawled forward and came to rest on her haunches in front of Sharon. She turned her head to look at Eric and waiving him over she patted the bed next to the two of them. Turning back to Sharon she took one hand and ran it lightly over her forehead and trailed her fingers back and over the lovely woman's ear, clearing her hair from her face. Taking her other hand she did the same to Sharon's other side. Her hands were now cupping her face.

Sharon did nothing, she let the other woman take complete control and her body was shaking from nerves and from the excitement of being held this way by this beautiful woman before her.
