 He was sitting in the back of the club, brooding the fact that he could find little excitement here tonight. It was the same scene that always played out when he went somewhere in public. He was so tired and bored of women being so obvious in trying to attract his attention. He felt as if he were a hunk of fresh meat in the midst of hungry wolves. The smoke here hung in the air like fog on a lake. The musty aroma of sweaty bodies dancing and the reek of spilled whiskey filled his nostrils, the smoke burning his eyes.

"I gotta get outta here," he said to his friends who were sitting in the round booth. He gathered up his faded denim jacket, tossing it over his shoulder and carrying it by the hook of his finger. He quickly made his way through the crowd avoiding the hands that reached out to touch him and out the front door.

He walked briskly glancing warily around the parking lot, keeping his right side to the wall of the building. Suddenly, he walked right into something soft and heard an explicative in the form of a female's voice. Looking up, he found himself staring into the most unusual eyes, grayish blue with black rimming the iris. She appeared to be staring right back at him, but she didn't speak. He reached out and took her hands to help steady her and was jolted by the current that went through him. He couldn't speak. It was as if she held some sort of spell on him. He steadied her and leaned her into the building. Holding her wrists above her head, he moved his body closer to hers. He gazed into her eyes and she defiantly held that gaze. He leaned in, as if to kiss her, but stopped a breath away from her lips. Breathing in the scent of her, crisp, clean, lightly fragranced with flowers, he moved toward her neck, again, stopping within a breath of touching her. Her breathing was getting shallow and she tried to free her wrists. She wasn't struggling hard and she didn't speak, but she was trying to get closer to him. Finally, he let go of her wrists and put one hand under her chin and the other around her waist, pulling her into him. She locked both arms around his neck, running her fingers through his soft blonde hair, drinking in the sensations of the feel of his arousal prominently pressing into her thigh.

"Wanna get out of here?" he whispered into her ear. 

Breathlessly she managed a weak "Yes."

He led her to his car, parked not far away. Opening the door for her, he watched as she slipped into the supple leather seat exposing a tanned, well-toned calf and thigh as her red dress rode up her leg. He closed the door and let out a soft moan. It looks like he had found some excitement after all, just when he had stopped looking.

He got behind the wheel and started the ignition. Glancing over at the woman in the seat beside him, he saw that she had taken off her shoes and had propped one foot up on the dashboard. Turning on the radio, he lowered the volume and reached across the seat,running one hand over her creamy thigh and trailed his fingers upward, stroking her over her thong panties. She sighed and closed her eyes, as she focused on the feather light strokes of his caress. Leaning over, he lightly kissed her lips as he allowed his hand to glide back down her thigh to her calf. Putting the car in gear, he pulled out of the parking lot onto the main road.

He drove until he came upon a private country road. Turning left, he took a dirt trail that led to a secluded pond and a beautiful gazebo. The moonlight beamed upon the white paint making the gazebo appear to glow in expectation. They could hear the singing crickets and the croaking of bullfrogs as they got out of the car. He took her by the hand and led her to the gazebo. Entering the gazebo, he pressed her back into a post as he placed one hand upon her hip. Touching the tip of his tongue to her lips, he traced the seductive smile she wore and grinned.

She ran her fingers over his chest and said "You are entirely over dressed for this occasion"

as she began to unbutton his shirt. She tugged the shirt out of his snug fitting jeans then eased it off his shoulders allowing it to catch on his elbows. She then began to kiss his chest with whisper soft kisses until she reached his nipples. Gently nibbling on of his nipples, she began to unzip his jeans. It was at this point he grabbed her hand and stopped her.

"Who's over dressed now?" he asked as he slipped one shoulder of her dress down exposing a creamy, well-rounded breast.

He teasingly licked her nipple as he drew the other shoulder down to expose the breast's twin. Then he helped her out of the dress and tossed it to the ground as he gazed upon her glorious body standing in the moonlight in a thong and high heels. She looked him in the eye and ran her tongue over her teeth as she gave him a wink and dropped to her knees. She unfastened his jeans and drew his manhood out to meet her moist mouth. Taking all of him into her mouth, she flicked her tongue over his hardening erection. God, how she loved the feel of a man getting hard in her mouth. She felt such power at this moment. He groaned low in his throat and stroked her hair as she continued to bob her head up and down while massaging his balls with one hand, pleasuring him to the pinnacle of orgasm. When he was to the point of losing himself he stopped her and lifted her from her knees. Bending her over the rail of the gazebo, he ran his fingers over her baby smooth mound. Man, he loved a bald pussy, the thought to himself. Using one hand to rub her sweet spot and the other hand to knead her breasts, he trailed kisses down the back of her neck to he shoulder blades. She began to grind her ass into his hips and with her hand, pressed his fingers harder into her sweet spot. He tore her thong away and entered her swiftly and smoothly from behind as she cried out with pleasure.

He thrust into her as she matched his rhythm with wild abandon. 

In a sensual southern drawl, she cried out "Fuck me harder!" as he grabbed her by her thick mane and pulled her head up and smacked her on the ass riding her until she came with great sobs. With her release he found his own as he pulled out and came on the red hand prints marking her ass. She stood and faced him as he pulled her into his arms and kissed her passionately on the mouth, his tongue finding hers and playing a lover's duel. Stepping back and taking her by the hand, he led her to the edge of the pond. Taking his shirt, he dipped it into the water and gently washed away the signs of their passion then helped her back into her dress. They drove back to the club in silence. He walked her to her car and kissed her tenderly on the mouth. He opened her car door and watched as again her red dress rode up her creamy thigh and he sighed to himself.

This was gonna be one hell of a ride.