 "Til tomorrow," that message remained on his screen long after they had signed off. The two words held so much promise. Was this the beginning of something real and tangible or the end of something created in the imaginations of two amateur writers and sensually inclined people? 

Maybe it was both, they would soon find out. 

Carla and Don had read and enjoyed several of one another's stories on Literotica. They had begun their regular on-line exchange a few months earlier. Their virtual relationship had started out innocently with friendly exchanges and constructive comments on each other's writing. Carla's sincere enthusiasm for writing intrigued Don more and more as the days and weeks went on. Don had known women who truly liked sex, but few who would talk about all aspects of it openly. Her well crafted and very personal stories reflected her openness. Soon they both felt a certain and very real electricity between them, one that had only somewhat to do with their shared love for writing. Their e-mails and on-line chats became more intimate until they were visiting with one another every night. 

As time went by, they flirted with the idea of a more intimate meeting. But that was all it was, just a flirtatious fantasy. That is until one late evening Don realized he really did want more. He needed Carla; he needed to see her, to really be with her. That night Don's fingers nervously danced over the keyboard. It was the middle of winter and it was not going to get any warmer anytime soon. He didn't want to wait three or four more months until summer to surprise Carla. Without being too forthcoming about his plan, he asked Carla questions about her upcoming schedule. Answering his innocent questions, Carla told him what her work and family schedule was for the next few weeks. By the end of their chat, Don had skillfully planned the best time to convince Carla to meet him for a long weekend. That weekend would be mid-February, President's Day weekend for him in Virginia and Family Day weekend for her in Canada. It was perfect, she had no commitments, he would add the days to the back end of a business to the west coast. More important it was less than four weeks away. With that in mind his physical arousal and his emotional excitement peaked as he continued to chat late into the night with Carla. 

He was determined to persuade her to meet him in Las Vegas.

He had to see her and touch her. He had to realize the fantasy they had created in the short time they had been 'together'. It took a lot of convincing to get Carla to understand he was being real. He did want to meet her, in person.

Even more nervously Carla's fingers caressed her keyboard, but she finally agreed. 

Before the week was out Don had made all the arrangements for a nice hotel room. He reserved a suite at one of the most prestigious and glitzy high rise hotels on the Vegas Strip, the Bellagio. He booked their respective flights, sending her an e-ticket to catch her flight from Canada. They would meet on Friday and then have a full two days and three nights together.

It was to be a three-day fantasy come true. 

After nearly five months in the making, the moment had arrived. 

Sitting alone in his row on the plane Don's whole body was tense with anticipation. Not that it should have mattered but sitting there flipping through the airline magazine he realized he had not masturbated all week. Even after a couple of very passionate chats with Carla in the past few days he had restrained himself somehow. He could not remember the last time he had gone a week or more without indulging himself with even a solo quickie. That morning was the toughest mostly because he had awakened from a dream filled with vivid images of Carla, her virtual body, her virtual smell and taste, all so real. He had been harder than he could remember as he laid there in the Seattle hotel bed. But he contained his physical arousal all through his normal morning routine, even through soaping up his manhood during his shower. He left the west coast town to complete his 'business trip'.

So there he sat with spoken promises from his last chat with Carla the previous evening sending thoughts reeling through his mind, all to the point his erection had fully returned as it had when he awoke five hours earlier. The duration and intensity of his arousal was bordering on both the ridiculous and the painful. The expectation of what was to come the moment he and Carla made it to their hotel room was beyond any blissful fantasy he'd previously written and posted to Literotica. He reached down to touch himself under the magazine covering his lap. He was wearing a new looser pair of boxers that allowed his stiff manhood room to expand. He was fully hard with excitement sitting there in seat 23B. He was surprised he could still be so patient, but then the thought of getting up and going to the plane's lavatory to have a good hot stroke was not all that appealing. He had waited this long he told himself, he was going to wait for Carla now.

Don's flight arrived on time in Las Vegas at 3:45 Friday afternoon. He immediately left his arrival gate and went off toward Carla's intended international arrival gate. As he made his way he wondered almost anxiously if Carla would be as excited to see him as he was to see her. 

It was already 4:15 when he stood off to the side of the gate area to catch a glimpse of his 'lover' as she stepped through the entryway. He checked his watch for the fourth time. It had only been another two minutes, but then... The entryway opened and he began scouring the large group coming through the door. Every blonde woman that came through the passageway would cause him to crane his neck to look for Carla's face. After nearly a dozen women had come through and headed away, he began to wonder if he had missed her, or worse maybe she had changed her mind and not come. Don was beginning to feel dejected when from out of the shadowy entrance he saw her. He saw the lovely blonde-haired Carla he had seen only in e-mailed pictures up to this point. It was her and she strode out of the entryway, her back straight, her gaze fixed straight ahead. Her shoulders high with her carry-on clenched between her elbow and her ribs. 

He watched as she walked between the roped pylons and closer to him. His eyes never wavered from her face and he immediately realized just how much more he wanted this woman, how much he had come to want her all these months. A part of him wanted to walk right up to her and introduce himself for the first time face to face, then whisk her off to a quiet corner somewhere and kiss the hell out of her. The other part of him was cemented in place realizing he was also as nervous as he'd ever been in his entire life. 

Then her eyes met his. 

Don smiled and slowly walked toward her. His anxiety raised another notch as he took in the rest of her. She looked so wonderful in her crisp white blouse under an open sweater. Her snug blue jeans hugging her curves like a racecar to a track. Her high heeled boots making a soft click against the tiled floor.

His heart raced as he looked at her, she was so inviting. The thought that he might actually get to realize all of his fantasies after all washed over him. He took another nervous stride and looked back to her face. He suddenly found himself almost frozen in place again as he stopped a couple of paces from her and looked into those beautiful blue eyes. They were so striking, so familiar. He had only seen a picture of them before this, but they were very much Carla's. 

A renewed flush came over his body.

Carla smiled up at him, the nervousness apparent. Silently she held out her hand for him to take. "Hi Don." 

"Hello Carla." The touch of her hand in his did nothing to ease the sexual tension he had built up to this point. "It's wonderful to finally meet you," was all he could muster to add. 

They were together for the first time...the first time in the real world anyway. He looked at her and said what only naturally came to his mind next, "How was your trip?"

"Fine." The simple equally nervous reply came.

They both stood silent for the next several seconds, looking at each other. 

Still holding her hand at arm's length, Don finally spoke. "Carla, I want to thank you for coming. Hopefully I will make your trip worthwhile. Just being with you this close is a pleasure for me already."

"Thanks for inviting me," she replied barely above a whisper. Reluctantly she pulled her hand back only so she could adjust the carry-on back on her shoulder.

"You're welcome." Don said his voice shaky as he watched her soft hand draw away. 

"So, where are we staying? You've kept everything except the days and times such a secret." She asked shifting her carry-on to her other shoulder now.

"It's still a secret." Realizing his need to touch her, his free hand drifted up her forearm. "Let's go get our bags and you'll know more as we go along."

They talked casually on the short walk to the baggage carousels. Outwardly acting fairly comfortable with each other, but inside they were both nervous wrecks. Don tried to keep himself from leering at the woman, but he could not get enough of her. For Carla, the touch of his arm when it brushed hers, even through her sweater and blouse, sent shivers through her body. She imagined being pressed up against him, with quite literally, nothing between her skin and his hands.

They retrieved their bags and went on out to the rental car. Smiling at each other, they sat in the car for a long moment neither feeling the need to talk. The images and ideas they'd discussed only electronically over the months flashed through their respective minds. The drive to the Strip gave them each time to look the other over and even more time to extend their fantasies of what it was going to be like finally being together for real. 

As Don checked them in, his wildly beating heart told him he was still nervous, but he mustered up the courage to speak.

"You look beautiful," he said turning back to Carla after he finished signing the paper for the desk clerk. 

"Thank you." Carla replied. She blushed slightly at the compliment. "Be honest, did you think I wasn't going to come?" 

"Not for a moment," Don answered, lying only half-heartedly. "But there is one thing I'd like to ask of you and hopefully you won't mind."

"Sure anything." Carla's mind went in a hundred directions with that simple statement from the just above innocent to the truly sexy. Her body shivered from deep inside this time. 

"Let's take it slow, get to know one another. I mean, know one another up close and real like this." 

"I think I know why." Carla giggled at the thought of going slow. 

"Yes, I'm thoroughly nervous like all get out right now." Don stared down as he shuffled his left foot around the carpeted floor of the Bellagio grand foyer. 

"You know you can have all the time you need to warm up to this." Carla grinned and nibbled her lower lip. 

They both knew it wasn't really what they had wanted to happen after all these months in the preparation for this moment. They had been ravaging each other and exploring all sorts of things between them in their cyber space affair. Their bodies wanted to commence with the real thing.

Don swallowed hard. "How about we get something to eat first? There are great restaurants here and besides you must be hungry from the long flight. How about an early dinner?"

"I am hungry." Carla answered. "Why don't you feed this poor deprived girl and show her a good time before you take advantage of her. An early dinner will give us that much more time to get to know one another even more intimately." She flashed him a heart-pounding smile and took hold of his arm.

Don's heart fluttered a whole new rhythm at the touch of her hand on his sleeve as he led her off to the nearest restaurant. His haste also was supported by the need to sit down as his desire was beginning to show in his loose boxers and pants again. 

On their way out Don tipped the bellman to take their luggage on to their room.

Don and Carla talked over a light dinner, sharing more tidbits of the commonality of their wants and likes that had first brought them together over the last five months of on-line chatting. Don flirted with her as much as he ever had; only now he could enjoy watching the pink rise in her face as she blushed at his more suggestive comments. He kept looking at her eyes, and her smile, having to mentally force himself to listen and not get lost in her sparkling blue eyes. 

The waiter took their plates as they continued to share the things that pleased them and the people and places they enjoyed. The pair had both long since begun to relax, but there was still an underlying pulse-quickening emotion as well as sexual tension between them.

"We have shared a lot with each other haven't we?" Don asked as he signed the restaurant bill off to their room.

"Yes, and I like it. That I have someone to confide in; someone I can connect with." Carla sipped on the glass of wine the waiter had just refilled. 

Another silent pause fell between them, but they spoke plenty looking deeply into one another's eyes. 

It was Carla that finally said what they were both thinking. "I promised we'd wait, but I don't think I can any longer. Do you mind if we take our wine up to the room?"

"Yes, let's continue this someplace a little more private." Don agreed. 

Carla smiled, her eyes flashing a silent desire. 

"To our suite then." Don said picking up his glass and coming around the table to hold Carla's chair as she stood with wine glass in hand. 

He led her to the elevators on the other side of the lobby and pressed the 'Up' button without another word said between them. Mutual pulses reverberated in their ears. 

As the elevator rose, Don stood beside Carla, but he wanted to be even closer. He could smell her perfume, but what he really wanted was to touch her. For Carla, the nearness of his body sent still another shiver through her when she caught a whiff of his scent. It was a mixture of cologne and that natural male arousal. It teased her senses and had her body thrumming in anticipation. 

Finally alone in the elevator after a couple of stops at lower floors, Don reached out and put his hand on her waist squeezing it gently with his long strong fingers. 

An involuntary quiver coursed through Carla's body and she couldn't restrain a nervous giggle.

He enjoyed her laugh, he had so enjoyed her mind in her writing and their late night chats, but he wanted more, he wanted to hold her, to have her sooner rather than later.

Carla made no objection to his touch, so he stepped closer until he was standing with his body pressed against her back. She leaned backwards into him as his arm went fully around her waist, touching her ever so lightly with his fingertips. Her body trembled at the anticipation of him touching her more, more parts of her yet to be explored. His hand moved slowly upward, finding its resting place just under her right breast. As he caressed gently she could feel her nipple swell as it grew under his light touch. She could feel her breathing quicken in anticipation of what he might do next. His fingers eased up over her blouse and caressed her breast. Just as he was beginning to gently knead the fullness with his eager hand the elevator slowed to a stop. 

Don abruptly pulled his hand and body back as Carla smoothed her sweater back into place just as quickly. Both blushed as the doors opened and a young couple stood facing them. 

"Going up?" the young man asked.

Don looked at him, smiled, and replied, "Yes, on the way." Don answered with a smile, thinking to himself, if only he and the young woman with him could see the front of his pants, they'd know which direction he was headed. Luckily he stood behind Carla who was by then having some difficulties of her own trying to keep a straight face as she could feel his arousal rub up against her backside. 

The young couple stepped in, the young man hit a floor button, and then he turned and was all over the girl. She returned his eagerness and passion.

Don and Carla made eye contact, first grinned, before both choked back a knowing laugh. Here they were heading toward what they hoped would be as passionate and a much younger version of them was going at it right in front of them. 

The elevator warmed a few degrees before it stopped on the sixteenth floor. The younger lovers briefly paused their groping long enough to exit.

"Congratulations," Don called after figuring they were newlyweds.

"Thank you. You guys have a great time, too." The young woman called and winked just before the doors closed.

Don and Carla could no longer hold back and they literally burst out laughing. 

As they quieted, their own feelings were not lost between them. Carla stood there looking straight ahead at the elevator doors. Don looked up over her blonde head, wanting to resume what the two of them had started before being interrupted by the young ones. Suddenly feeing awkward, wanting to reach for Carla but worried they might get caught again, he stood for the next few silent moments behind her until the doors opened on the twenty-eighth floor.

Carla was more than ready to escape the confines of the elevator, not to be parted from Don, but to get to their room. She wanted him. She had wanted him for so long, but she felt her nerves stretching thin and she certainly did not want to lose her courage now. 

Don reached for the key card in his pocket, brushing the ever-present anticipation in his manhood as he fished for it. Retrieving the card he put it in the slot and unlocked the door to their suite, their weekend retreat. He held the door to the sumptuous suite for Carla. 

"Wow! This room is like a small apartment." It was something Carla had only seen in movies. The suite had a living room, with a dining area and separate bedroom. There was even a small bathroom, a powder room off the foyer. Everything was spotless and completely indulgent in its opulence.

"Do you approve?" Don asked as he closed the door behind them.

"I can't believe this place Don. It's perfect." Her eyes gazed out into the main room and beyond to the city out the large paned windows. The sun was lowering in the sky and it gave off a reddish orange glow. She could feel the warmth on her face as well as they heat that was building within her body.

"To be honest I originally booked a full view of the fountain, a junior suite they call it. But last week they sent me an e-mail saying they had a cancellation for this suite and offered me a free upgrade with my frequent flyer points." He put out his hand and stroked her arm. "I think you deserve to have a nicer room to relax in for a few days."

"Thank you. I love it." She advanced further into the room then looked back over her shoulder at Don. "But I don't plan to relax the whole time."

She winked at him, mimicking that same gesture of the young woman in the elevator.

The look, the gesture was not lost on Don as his eyes met hers. He could feel the renewed anticipation between them. Everything that he'd fantasized about all these months was going to happen. He looked at her in awe and at how much more wonderful she was in real life. He walked up behind her, until he could feel her warmth through their clothes again. 

"You want to try out the bed and see if it is as comfortable as it looks?" She leaned back as she looked into the bedroom and saw the huge kind-sized bed adorned with numerous pillows. She leaned back into him until she could look up into his eyes. She watched him intently, waiting patiently for him to make the first move. She had promised to go slow and she didn't want to unnerve him now. 

Standing together he touched the smooth skin between her neck and her shoulder and moved down until it rested on the top of her breast. Without hesitation, he slid his fingers under the material of her blouse and continued moving down until he reached her nipple. When his hand cupped her breast, Carla's eyes closed. He could no longer hide his burning desire for her, he needed to feel her skin, touch her warmth. 
