 I looked down at my watch, 8:30 p.m. and I was sitting in my car in the mall parking lot. There I was, in a place that as a married woman, I had never dared venture before. Things on the home front were not as good as they looked. I had virtually no sex life and my emotional welling being was in total disarray. Therefore, I had taken the matter into my own hands and had a date with a friend of mine. 

Eugene and I have been friends for a long time, and he has respected the fact that I was married, up until now. Upfront, we both decided this was going to be a one-time thing aimed at having fun. What harm could dinner and talking do? In the back of my head, I knew what it could do, as I wanted some hot passionate sex. Although we were both were married, neither one was happy or satisfied.

I sat there, more nervous than a teenager on her first date with a million thoughts running through my head. What if he thinks I am ugly, too fat, oh hell maybe he will be too damn nervous to show up. Then I saw his truck out of the corner of my eye. It was bright red, with a cover of some sort on the back resembling a camper. Now would you know it, Ms Discrete here picking an out of the way place for a rendezvous and him showing up with flags and whistles. 

I was about to turn tail and speed from the parking area and try to regain my composure and sanity before I got home. All of the sudden, a tall gorgeous hunk of a man steps out of the vehicle. I am for the first time in my life, at a loss for words. I slithered out of my car hoping he would get the same impression from me. 

Eugene pulled me into his arms and kissed me hello Kandie. 

Oh-my-god, if that was an introductory kiss, I wonder what the one for goodbye is. I barely managed to blubber out hello. 

He escorted me into his truck and we drove off toward the restaurant for dinner. In a quiet-out-of-the way, spot he stopped the vehicle and said, "Well baby dinner can wait, we need to talk. I know we have been friends for a while and right now, I want to hold you in my arms and make you comfortable. That way you can tell me about everything and let go of all the pent up feelings inside you."

I told him everything and crying like a baby in his arms. Oooh god, I had forgotten those feelings of being in a man's arms. I felt as if I belonged there and it was beginning to awaken strong sexual desires.

He pulled my chin up and kissed me firmly on the lips then uttered, "Sweetheart, you needed that! Your hubby is a fool! You're sexy, beautiful, and do not need to be neglected like this. To hell with dinner darling, I am kidnapping you! Its time you felt like a woman again!" 

He pulled me into his arms again and this time I returned the kiss. My feelings came rushing out like the dam had broke and I kissed him repeatedly. Soon our tongues danced as our hands started caressing. I lost all track of time while in his passionate embrace.

My hands worked their way under his shirt and started rubbing him all over. His skin was soft with a fine downy coating of hair and firm muscles. He grabbed my bra almost ripping it from my body and began sucking and nibbling at my breasts making them feels marvelous. Oh god, I love a titty-man! 

My fingers loosened his belt then slipped into his underwear and began stroking his very stiff cock. His fingers soon helped me discard my panties and he was gently caressing every fold of my wanting pussy.

My desire for spontaneous sex overcame me and happily let him take me. He kissed me again, then told me there was a place more suitable them the small cramped space in the front of his pickup. He guided me toward the back where I saw comfortable sleeping quarters. 

As soon as he sat down, our clothing fell to the floor. He laid my naked body gently back on the bed and brought his down atop mine and kissed me deep then uttered, "To hell with that hubby of yours, I am going to fuck you like you have never been fucked before!" Then all hell broke loose and the impulsive raw sex continued as if we were two sex-starved teenagers. 

Every now and then I would come up for air and utter some stupid remark like, "I need to go home! Its getting late." 

Then he would grin, pull me close, and kiss me again. His tongue left a wet trail of butterfly kisses from my lips to one of my swollen nipples. My fingers would find a new erogenous zone on him and we would drift off, fucking wildly losing all track of time once more.

The people who know me best are aware that I am a faithful wife and never before got emotionally involved with anyone. Yet, here I was laying in the arms of another man feeling emotions that I have never felt with another person in my entire life. These new feelings were like the difference between black and white and 3D colorama. Oh-my god it is breathtaking!

When I finally peeked at my watch I saw that we had only spend 5 hours together. 

We hugged and kissed more and continued the chaotic situation letting our fingers and mouths explore all the forbidden areas. His fingers found my clit and he knelt between my legs. Oh, god his fingers and lips drove me crazy with experienced stimulation.

I ran my fingers through his hair and asked shyly, "Do you like oral sex?"

"My wife did not like it, so I have never tried it," he said.

By this time I could not reply, I had moved and now had his cock in my mouth. He was very quick to respond I could feel his balls tighten and a guttural growl came from his lips. I love to suck a man off, before and after his cock has been deep inside my love tunnel. I love the taste of cock against my tongue and it is just no fun if you do not swallow.

He bellowed, "Oooooooooh fuck woman! What are you doing to me aarrrggghhhhh, Oooooooh god do not stop! Oh shit, I'm cumming!"

As I felt his muscles tighten and his orgasm hit the back of my throat. I wondered just how many climaxes this person could manage in a night. Rather the waste time finding out, I broke the kiss, moved up, and began kissing him passionately again.

He smiled and jokingly said, "I don't know if I will let you kiss me or not, you've had someone's filthy cum-covered cock in your mouth!" 

He did not wait for my reply and was using his tongue to give me a tonsillectomy. I looked at him and said, "Want to eat my pussy baby?" He kissed my lips and then said, "Ooooh I don't know sugar, and you might like it!" He then proceeded downward to my sloppy-wet pussy and dove in like a pro. Between his finger and tongue, he literally had me glued to the ceiling in no time from the intense organisms. 

I grabbed his dick and put my arms around his and positioned myself for some gold old fashioned fucking. Soon he was inside my pussy, probing all the right spots including my g-spot. I was cumming repeatedly so much that my fluids made a large wet spot on the bed.

I thought to myself, "Damn his wife is a fool for not wanting to share her bed with this man! He just gave me three climaxes and two earth shattering ones that went from coast to coast in record time!

Eugene held out the best he could, but I managed to make him cum four times that night. Then he held me close making me feel secure, loved and wanted. It felt as If I was in a dream in which the two of us had been great lovers in past lives. I told myself if this is a dream, I never want to awaken I want to be his lover from now until the end of time. 

The ecstasy continued and his kiss went to the center of my womanhood. It was not long after that he was sliding into me once more. As he fucked me, I reached down and sucked my nipple, then bit it hard, one then the other one. The look in his face told me he loved watching me. 

He yelled, Ooooooooh fuck, Kandie do that again! I love it when a woman sucks and bites her own nipples!"

He rammed his cock into me deeper and harder and I brought my hips up to meet his thrust my mouth still glued to my nipple. We both screamed with another climax.

We lay back in each other's arms basking in the afterglow. By this time my emotions were getting too complex and I decided to leave them be. I just wanted this night never to end. 

I decided to give him a treat and placed my lips and tongue around his half-limp cock. Soon his cock sprang to life and he rolled over atop me and began to fuck my mouth fervently. He leaned forward to eat my pussy with hot 69 styles, but before he could manage it, shot another big load down my throat. 

Oh-my-god, I am in heaven! I have had allot of good sex and I have been fucked, banged and screwed in many ways. I can tell you, no one gave me the special feeling that Eugene did. Honey, if I cannot describe something that good! It's superb-out-of this world! I have never experienced that intense emotional-physical reaction from making love. What a breathtaking sensation. 

We napped for a while and then it was time for me to return to my car and go home. I wrestled with tears all the way there. When Eugene took me in his arms and kissed me one last time I uttered through tears, "Oh darling, Now that I have found you, I do not want to go home!"