 "How does that feel?"

It felt great, actually. Victor's strong hands were massaging my shoulders and back, and I could feel the aches and muscle soreness begin to melt away. The nine-hour flight from Atlanta had left me feeling a bit tired and stiff, but Victor was doing his best to make that go away.

"Mmmmmm, that's perfect, just like that," I replied. 

I was lying facedown on the hotel bed, and Victor was straddling me from behind. His hands reached up to the base of my neck, and his fingers carefully kneaded my stiff neck and shoulder muscles.

I smiled to myself, thinking about the circumstances that had brought me here to Rome, where a man I had not seen in over a year was now giving me an excellent massage in a hotel bed. 

Victor and I had never been lovers, but we were very close friends for several years until his job brought him overseas. We lost contact for awhile, until a chance email led to an invitation to meet in Italy. 

I had never been to Europe, and the opportunity to go to Rome was too good to pass up. I had arrived early that morning, Victor met me at the airport, and we spent the day seeing the sights of the city that he knew so well. Good food, good wine, and his wonderful company had me feeling very mellow and relaxed, and the massage was a perfect way to end this first day of my vacation.

Victor had initiated this back massage on the outside of my pajamas, but now he had slipped his hands under my pajama top, and his hands were warm and strong as he touched and rubbed my lower back. He deftly slid his hands up to my shoulder blades, and he continued the massage under my pajamas. 

"It's amazing that I am seeing you here in Italy. I thought that our paths might never cross again," I said, as Victor began to rub my lower back again. 

"Oh, really?" he asked. "I always thought that we would get together, you and I. But, you had that long-distance relationship with Thomas that prevented me from ever taking our relationship further."

My ex-boyfriend Thomas and I had been a serious item - we had stayed together for several years, but for some reason we had never married. His law practice was in Houston, and my family, friends and job were all in Atlanta, so I finally called it off when I turned thirty-five. I never looked back, although dates with new men had been few and my sex life had been non-existent. 

Now, I was lying in bed with an attractive man that I had known as a friend for several years, a man with whom I had never shared more than a chaste kiss, and I was becoming eager to take this to the next step. 

"Oooohhh," I cooed. "I like that," I said as his hands worked their way up from my lower back to my shoulders. My loose pajama top had risen up with Victor's hands, and most of my back was now exposed. The flannel top barely covered my breasts in front, and it was bunched up under my shoulders in the back. 

Victor was several years older than I, but he wore it well. His dark, slightly graying hair was cut a little too short, but it was still thick and full. He was of medium height and decent build, in good physical condition, and he was one of the most intelligent people that I had ever met. His ability to converse on a wide variety of topics, with keen insights, made him an attractive alternative to Thomas. 

Still straddling my backside, Victor leaned over closer to me on the bed, and I could feel his hands spread wide on my shoulder blades as he continued the massage. I closed my eyes, enjoying the sensations, and I could feel him put his lips to the back of my neck and kiss it lightly. How did he know that would make me melt?

"Mmmmm, that is REALLY nice," I said, encouraging him to continue the light kisses on my neck and shoulders. 

Victor pulled at my collar with his fingers, which allowed him to kiss and lick my neck. After a few moments, he stopped the massage, and he lay next to me on the bed. 

"Why did you stop? I was really starting to get into it," I teased. 

I turned to my side, facing away from him, and he drew our bodies closer together. We lay together on the bed like spoons, and I could feel his hardening cock against my ass through my pajama bottoms. It was obvious that Victor was getting as aroused as I was, and in my mind I could picture his cock becoming erect in the boxer shorts that he had worn to bed. 

I soaked up his warmth as he held me close, and I felt his fingers lightly stroking my bare stomach, and the anticipation of feeling his hands on my breasts was driving me mad. Why hadn't he touched me there yet? My pajama top had risen to my shoulders, and my breasts were barely covered by it. 

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, there was a light touching of his fingers on the underside of my left breast. For the briefest of moments, I felt his hand caressing and stroking me there, producing a slight tingle between my legs. I am sure that I was starting to become moist down there.

I loved this kind of teasing foreplay, I cannot get enough of it. Thomas had always been a little too quick to move on to the main event, but Victor was clearly someone who was going to take his time with me. 

I shifted my body a bit on the bed, to provide him with a little better access to my breasts. His hand lightly caressed my left breast again, and this time his fingers lingered, lightly brushing across my nipple, once, twice, a third time. 

"Ohhhhhhhh," I moaned, as my nipple began to stiffen under his gentle touch. 

Victor brought his finger to his mouth, moistened it with his tongue, and then returned to touch me again. He traced a light wet circle around my nipple, and the cool air brought it to full attention. 

"Heh, heh," he chuckled in a low voice. "I can see that you like that."

"Oh, yeah," I sighed. "My body knows what I want."

I rolled over to face him, and I kissed him deeply. Our lips came together hungrily, and our tongues darted and teased each other in our open mouths. Victor's hands were now all over both of my breasts, caressing and teasing my nipples ever-so-gently. His hands moved expertly, eliciting contented sighs from me. 

Victor slowly pulled the pajama top over my head. There was electricity as our skin touched, heat and passion and desire. My nipples, now completely erect, were touching his chest as he held me close. 

My hands ran down his shoulders to his lower back, and I slid my fingertips under the waistband in his boxers. I reached down inside his boxers further, cupping his ass with my hands, giving his buns a playful squeeze. 

"I want to taste you," he said, and he moved his mouth to my hard nipples. He sucked gently, which sent an electric swoon straight through me, right to my genitals. I thought that I might have an orgasm just from his sucking at my breasts. My nipples seemed to be hard-wired right to my clit.

"Ohhhhhhh," I gasped. "That feels unbelievably good. I love the way you suck my breasts!"

Victor continued to kiss and lick me, and his hand reached around to the small of my back. He slipped it inside the waistband of my pajama bottoms. I moved slightly, and he quickly slid the waistband of my pajamas down below my waist, nearly to my knees. He then reached down and pulled them off of me completely, leaving me totally nude. 

For me, this was incredibly exciting - here I was, lying totally naked for the first time with a man that I had known for years, thoroughly turned on by someone that I had never thought of as a sex partner. I was feeling wanton and wild, I wanted him to do everything he could think of to me, and I badly wanted to reciprocate. 

"You need to join me," I said. "Let's get those boxers off of you!"

Victor brought himself up on the bed, and quickly pulled his shorts down, releasing his erection. I love the way a man's cock looks when fully erect, especially when it sticks straight up. To me, that is unbelievably hot, and it sends a jolt of sexual electricity right through me. 

I reached for his cock, and I began to lightly stroke it. His involuntary intake of breath told me that he was as turned on by our foreplay as I was. 

I turned my wrist so I could grip Victor's cock with my thumb and forefinger, and I stroked his shaft several times. I loved the smooth, soft feel of the skin on the shaft of his penis, and the fullness of his erection standing straight up was a terrific turn-on. 

Victor allowed me to stroke him for a while, and then he moved himself in between my legs. His mouth kissed and licked its way from the area in between my breasts down the center of my stomach, stopping just short of my bikini line. I secretly congratulated myself for having had the foresight to trim the small thatch of pubic hair, and to shave the surrounding area smooth. 

Victor tantalized me with a light tongue flick on the inside of my thigh, followed my another flick of the tongue on my outer labia, and then a gentle lick of the tiny hood covering my clitoris. I writhed a bit on the bed. 

"Oohhhhhhhh," I moaned, and I opened my legs a little more. He responded with another flick of the tongue, which teased the tiny bud of my clitoris further, and I gasped again.

I wanted to feel his tongue teasing my clit, I wanted him to notice how moist he had made me with his loving touches and kisses. As if reading my mind, Victor began licking me more urgently, using his tongue along the side of my clit, then lightly brushing the little bud itself, and then running his tongue along the other side. 

Victor repeated the exciting tongue-tease over and over, settling in to a rhythm that was certain to produce the desired result. My leg muscles began to tense, and I thrust my pelvis up and slightly forward to allow him to lick and suck even more of my clit. 

My orgasm was not far off, and I began to tremble and whimper in anticipation. My legs started to twitch and quiver involuntarily, and I pressed my clit against Victor's lips harder, applying constant pressure. 

"Aaaaaahhhhhh," I groaned. "You are going to make me come!"

I was pressing against his mouth pretty hard when I finally went over the edge. The warm, intensely pleasurable spasms radiated outward from the space in between my legs to the rest of my body, producing uncontrollable muscle contractions all the way to my hands and feet. Over and over again, the waves of pleasure pulsed through my body. I lost track of time, I lost track of everything, I was only feeling the bliss of an overwhelmingly satisfying sexual climax. 

As my orgasm began to subside, Victor lay down next to me, and gently took me in his arms and cuddled. I allowed myself a few more moments to enjoy the aftermath of the intense pleasure, and then I wanted to reciprocate. 

I gently pushed Victor back on the bed, and started to kiss and lick my way from his chest to his groin. I reached for his rock-hard cock with my right hand and began slowly stroking it while I kissed his chest and stomach, and then I worked my way down further. 

Once my mouth reached his cock, I used my lips and tongue to moisten its head. He began to twitch and squirm, and I continued stroking with my hand as I sucked and licked. 

His musky scent began to arouse me again - how could I feel such desire, so soon after?

I continued to suck his cock, moistening the length of the shaft with my tongue. I then straddled him, and took his shaft in my right hand, and rubbed the head of his swollen penis against my outer labia and clitoris. I continued to rub, up and down, up and down along the length of my slit, first along one side of my clit, over the top, and down the other side. 

"Ohhhhhh," he groaned. "You are such a tease..."

I repeated the exciting stroke over and over, then began to insert just the head of his cock inside me. Before he could thrust upward, I took his cock out and resumed the stroking my outer lips and clitoris again. 

"Please," he begged. "Please..."

I slowly began to insert him into my wet and waiting pussy. I took my time, eased it in slowly, but eventually his entire shaft was buried to the hilt. 

I love being on top, it allows me to control the tempo, vary the pressure, and I nearly always come that way. Occasionally, my partner and I manage to achieve a simultaneous orgasm in this position.

Victor reached up with both hands, massaging my breasts, lightly squeezing my nipples, then reaching behind me to hold my ass cheeks while he pushed deeper inside. 

"Ohhh, that is amazing," I said. I was feeling overcome with all the sensations - my breasts felt good, my clit felt good, feeling his cock deep inside me felt good. 

I leaned forward a little over Victor, and I began to concentrate. I started an even, regular rocking movement, with just the right amount of pressure, and Victor began to respond. He tilted his pelvis slightly upward, maximizing the friction, and I moved with him, our bodies now acting in concert, both of us moving toward release. I could feel my orgasm building deep within me this time.

"Oh, God, oh, God," I said over and over. My climax seemed imminent, how did I get there so fast? It seemed to be starting earlier, and deeper within me, than ever before. 

"Mmmmm," I heard Victor groan. "Ohhhh......"

I opened my eyes, continuing to rock rhythmically against him, and saw that his eyes were closed and the cords of his neck were straining. He had taken hold of my ass with both hands and moved with me with greater and greater urgency. 

"Ohhhh," I cried, as the first warm wave of pleasure started from a place deep inside. The intense spasm caused my pussy to tighten involuntarily, and I felt the flood of Victor's semen as he came deep inside me. We were barely conscious of each other, as we focused solely on our climaxes, our intense, rolling, seemingly never-ending climaxes. 

Victor took hold of my ass cheeks with both hands, and he began to push and pull himself deeper inside me, both of us feeling wave after wave of the sensations. We were no longer aware of anything but our bodies, frantically moving past the peak of sexual satisfaction.

Finally, our orgasms began to subside, and we began our long slow descent together, moving slower and slower before stopping altogether. Victor's hardness had broken, but I wanted to prolong the pleasant feeling of his being inside me. Leaning forward, I kissed him deeply on the mouth, and I began to savor the mingled pain and pleasure of gently decoupling from him. 

I rolled off of him, collapsing on my back on the bed, sweaty and spent. I could feel the trickle of his come oozing from inside me. 

"That was incredible," I said breathlessly. "I have never felt anything so intense before."

"That WAS incredible," Victor added, turning toward me on the bed. He wrapped an arm around me, pulling himself closer to me. 

My mind was already beginning to recount the details, the feelings of pleasure that had coursed through my body. It had been a while since I had been with any man, so experiencing two orgasms, one right after the other, gave me an incredible rush. 

We cuddled some more, kissing and gently stroking each other. 

After a few moments, I got up from the bed and went to the bathroom to clean up. I closed the bathroom door, turned on the light, and looked at myself in the mirror. 

My hair was wildly disheveled, my lips were slightly swollen from the passionate kissing, and my breasts were flushed. I touched my nipples, marveling at how Victor had made them so stiff with excitement. I reached down in between my legs, and noticed that his come had dripped out of my pussy, I could feel the sticky residue of his wetness.

I cleaned up, and went back to the bed. Victor was waiting for me, lying on his back. The sheets covered him from the waist down, but it was obvious that he was erect again - the distortion in the sheets from his rigid cock was hard to miss. I wondered if he had been stroking himself, bringing himself firm while I was still in the bathroom.

I crawled back in between the sheets, and moved next to him. Boldly, I reached for his cock with my left hand.

"Mmmm, what have we here?" I asked cheerfully. His stiffness was a turn-on, all by itself.

"I don't know, it seems to have a mind of its own, at least as far as you are concerned," Victor replied lightheartedly. 

I began to stroke him, as Victor closed his eyes, enjoying the sensations. I began to feel my own stirrings of desire, and I craved having him inside me once again. I had been without a man for quite awhile, and I greedily wanted to make up for lost time. 

I rolled onto my back, and Victor took my cue and rolled over to face me. He brought his lips to mine again, and began to kiss me, gently at first, then more ardently. He continued to kiss me, and then he brought one hand up to my breast, gently fondling it. My nipples quickly came to attention again.

"Mmmmmmm," I sighed. "You do that SO well."

"Oh, you like that, do you?" Victor asked playfully. 

He continued to kiss me and stroke my breasts while he positioned himself in between my legs. He took his erect cock by the shaft with his right hand, and began to tease my pussy with the head of it. He brushed it lightly over the prominent bud of my clit, then down to the entrance to my vagina, made it wet with my excitement, and then repeated the process over and over. 

"Please. Oh, please," I said. It was my turn to beg. He knew exactly what I wanted, what I needed, and he was not going to give it to me right away. 

He chuckled, and he placed the head of his cock at the entrance to my pussy, pushing it in for an inch or two, then slowly withdrawing. He teased me in this fashion for a while, only inserting a few inches of his cock before pulling back. 

He then caught me completely by surprise when, in the midst of several of these shallow strokes, he pushed in slowly and completely. 

I gasped, startled at first by his fullness, and feeling a brief surge of pleasure as my pussy contracted involuntarily. Victor chuckled again, oh, he knew exactly what he was doing to me. 

He started to vary the stroke, and after every eight or ten shallow thrusts Victor would give me his full length. I looked down at his cock, going in and out of my pussy, and groaned.

"Oh, that is so hot!" I exclaimed, watching his cock go in and out, in and out, in and out. 

I continued to watch, spellbound, as he would withdraw his cock , glistening with my wetness, and then he would thrust it eagerly back in. After watching for awhile, I leaned back, closed my eyes, and concentrated on the sensations he was giving me. 

When I could finally take it no longer, I wrapped my legs around his waist, and pulled him in deeply. Locking my ankles together behind his back, I drew him in close, preventing him from withdrawing his cock from my now dripping pussy.

Victor smiled, knowing that I had restricted his movements, and he began the only motion that I allowed, a slight rocking and grinding with his hips. I tilted my pelvis upward, creating a perfect spot of friction between our two bodies, with just the right amount of pressure and motion on my clit. 

I wasn't sure if I could come again - I had never had more than two orgasms in one session before, but tonight was different, with a different man, and I was feeling like anything was possible. We settled into a rhythm, and with the right pressure, the right tempo, I soon realized that I might come one more time.

"You like that, baby?" Victor whispered. "Feel good?"

"Oh, yes! Oh, yes!" I gasped, while he rocked with me. 

I looked up at him, his eyes were closed tightly, his mouth was clenched, his neck muscles were straining with the effort. 

"Mmmmm, you are going to make me come again!" he grunted. 

That was all I needed to hear, I could feel the vague stirrings deep inside me start to form, and build. 
