 Don opened his eyes Sunday morning to look upon the still sleeping female form next to him. The covers had been kicked off, revealing her naked body. He gazed at her soft curves as she lay mostly on her back, her breasts rising and falling with each breath she took. He actually had to stop for a reflective moment to comprehend he was not home and not in bed with his wife. The hardest part of the reflection was to comprehend the woman lying with now, in this Las Vegas hotel suite, wanted to be with him. She had come from Canada to be with him. 

He felt her warm body against his and it was such a wonderful feeling. He then found himself thinking of the previous evening's activities. Those thoughts caused a bit of stir in his groin, for it had been some of the most robust sex he'd had in a very long time. Nevertheless he had plans for the morning and he needed to get moving before his lover awoke.

He eased out of their bed. 

His new lover moved just a bit but then settled back into her blissful looking slumber. He first went out to the living room to call down to room service and then he jumped in the shower of the second bathroom. 

Carla awoke as the warm sunlight touched her face. 

She slowly opened her eyes and looked to her right. At first her heart sank when she realized her lover was not there, but then she noticed an envelope on his pillow. She sat up and reached for her glasses on the nightstand. She looked back and saw it was Bellagio hotel stationary. It was marked "For My Lady". 

She smiled as she never tired of that moniker, 'My Lady'. It was the way he had opened most of his e-mails to her over the last few months. 

Sitting up, she opened the envelope and read the enclosed note:

Carla,

Last night, truly this entire weekend, has been a fantasy come true. Every time I think of your luscious body pulling me deeper inside of you, I feel the hardness return to my manhood. You make me feel things I had forgotten I could feel. I want to continue to feel them and to feel you with me the rest of our weekend together. 

Relax until I return. I've gone to plan our activities for tonight. Enjoy your quiet time. I've also ordered breakfast and it may arrive before I get back. Don't wait for me. Eat while it's hot. (...I'll look forward to eating you while you are hot a little later!) 

It is my sincere hope to find you naked and sipping your morning cup of coffee and waiting for my return.

Your Lover,

Don

Carla had tears in her eyes by the time she finished reading her lover's note. Maybe there really was more to their relationship than just a few months of passionate e-mails and chats. The weekend had been incredible so far she thought to herself. Don had been as incredible as she'd fantasized. She grabbed for his pillow and was about to roll over in their king-sized bed with her arms and legs wrapped about 'him' when... 

A knock came at the door.

"Room service!" A deep voice called from the hallway. 

Carla wiped her eyes with the sheet and got out of bed with a broad grin across her face, remembering Don had ordered breakfast. He was not only a wonderful writer and fantastic lover, he was also a gentleman. Halfway to the door she stopped and looked down to realize she was still very naked. She went back to retrieve the hotel robe on the chair and pulled it around herself on the way back. Lifting up on her tiptoes, she looked through the peephole and saw a young man in a sharp white hotel staff uniform just as he knocked again.

She jumped back startled. Another grin crossed her red lips as she took a breath, brushed back her long blonde bangs and opened the door.

"Room..." The tall young man froze as his eyes looked down upon Carla. As he did his eyes widened and his jaw slowly dropped. 

Carla was a bit freaked out as he continued to leer at her. That is until she looked down at herself. Now she was freaked for sure. Her left breast was hanging out of her robe. Somehow in her haste to pull her robe on she had not wrapped herself well. She took another big breath, smiled and pulled her robe over her partly bared body.

"Good morning," she said as she looked back up and smiled. 

"Uh, Good morning, ma'am." The smartly dressed young man recovered and asked, "May I bring in your breakfast?"

"Yes, sure. Please." She politely replied and stepped aside.

Carla eyed the handsome young man as he wheeled in the breakfast cart. She sneaked a peak at his backside as he bent over and arranged the dishes. She bit her lower lip and grinned. She mischievously wondered if a boob shot was enough for this young stud to have to go off and take care of himself. She wanted to look between his legs for that telltale bulge when he turned around. She closed her eyes. She knew she was too full of herself, thinking that every man would get off looking at her naked body as easily as Don had this weekend. Maybe this boy had a girlfriend on the hotel staff he could sneak off with sooner rather than later if indeed he was hard up. 

She totally smiled inside and out. She smiled for she knew she had Don and now she could hardly wait for him to return. And if she was lucky, she'd soon feel the magic only his body could bring her.

"Ma'am, uh ma'am," the young man's voice finally came to her in her lust filled trance.

"What? Yes? Uh, what?" Carla nervously stumbled over her words.

"Is there anything else I can get you?" It was his turn to grin as he, not so subtly, looked down at her robe where once she had been exposed. 

Carla swore he was trying too hard to see if he could get another look at her chest. Of course, she was doing the same, but not wanting to be as obvious about looking downward between his legs. 

"Oh, yes, I mean no thank you." Carla tugged her robe around her a little tighter. "Oh wait." She went off to get her purse and retrieved a few bills, not knowing if they were ones, fives, or anything else but she came back and handed them to her admirer. 

"Thank you, ma'am." He took a step toward her and again his eyes averted to the folds of her robe. "Have a good morning." The young man paused before he turned and walked out the door closing it gently behind him. 

Carla shook her head and laughed out loud as she walked over to the breakfast tray. 

It was a sensational spread, one of the most delicious and colorful she'd ever seen. There was a nice bowl of fresh fruit and a very large pitcher of coffee and carafe of orange juice. She lifted a silver dome covered platter and found a big plate of scrambled eggs and another of waffles. In an ice bucket off to one side was a bottle of champagne. The last time she had had a champagne breakfast, was, well, never she realized. Her husband has promised one on their twentieth anniversary, but that was when she had realized it was over between them, when she caught him with a cocktail waitress on their supposed romantic weekend.

Her eyes watered again for a different reason.

She looked back down at the champagne and thought of her thoughtful new lover. The smile returned. 

Carla knew this was a great start to their second morning in Las Vegas.

Although Don had told her to start without him, she wanted to wait and share the entire moment with her lover. However, the deliciously aromatic smell of the fresh coffee was too much to resist. She poured herself a cup full and took it back to the bedroom. She sat it on the vanity then went off to take care of the morning volitions. 

She had no sooner come back and taken her first sip of the hot morning awakener than she heard the door to their open. Don soon appeared at the bedroom entrance.

"I see you didn't start breakfast yet as I asked. You weren't hungry when you woke up this morning? After such an energetic evening as last night?" 

Carla did not say a word. Instead she sat her coffee cup back on the vanity, walked up to Don and fell to her knees in front of him. Looking up into his eyes with a smoldering gaze she pulled on his pants.

"Whoa! I meant hungry for breakfast." Don put his hand on the top of her head to steady himself as she had pulled so hard. 

"Sometimes I like my dessert first." Carla said as she tugged harder on his pants.

"I didn't, oh, know, mmmm, breakfast had dessert," Don struggled to speak as his lover's hands finally yanked down his pants. 

Carla quickly took his cock into her hands and caressed it. Then she kissed it, rubbing it along her cheek, before she began to lick the length of hardening shaft. It reacted with almost instant youthfulness. 

Don growled from above her as her tongue slid up and down his erection until it wrapped around the swelling head. "Damn, if you don't enjoy this way too much." His hips were already bucking gently. 

Carla slipped her lips off his cock head, "No, I enjoy that you enjoy it so much. Now shut up and let me do it!" She took him back between her lips and slid her mouth down as far as she could take him. When she had him full in her mouth she held him there and stared up into his eyes. 

Don had no words for this exhilarating sensation, one he had only just recently come to know. All he could think to do was lower his hands to her face and slick the blonde bangs back from her forehead, her hair back from her cute ears. The picture was so perfect, so sexy and natural. This woman was special.

Carla tongued the underside of his hard shaft. Don moaned his appreciation.

Abruptly she stropped, grabbed hold of his cock and stood. "I want you to cum somewhere else this time." With those words spoken she put her other hand square in the middle of his chest and shoved him backward onto the king-size bed.

"Huh?" Don yelped as he plopped fell to his back in the crumpled sheets and Carla immediately began pulling off his shoes. When that was accomplished she reached up and pulled his pants the rest of the way off. He watched as she stood up straight and shrugged the robe from her body. As much as he enjoyed looking at her, he only had a brief moment to do so before she crawled up over his legs and lowered her head to his crotch. She nuzzled her nose through his thick, curly pubic hair. Her own soft, blonde hair fell onto his stomach as she took his cock in her mouth again. She sucked on it and lowered her head further. She took him down as far as she could take him then slowly slid back up until just the cock head was between her teeth. She smiled up at him as she held him there, stroking her tongue over his tip. 

Without a word she released him and crawled up over his nude body.

"Uh, what about the breakfast I had so thoughtfully delivered?" Don tried to ask with as much seriousness as he could while at the same time fully reacting to the nude woman rubbing up over his body. 

"I want you now, not in another hour or so. I'm wet and achy with wanting you." She reached for his hand and slipped it palm down between her legs. "Can't you tell?" She invited him to probe her center.

Don found her indeed wet and ready for him already. 

As Carla hovered over him he put a hand on her hip, the other held his hard shaft straight up for her. Holding onto his shoulders, she eased down and let the slick heat of her excited pussy lips brush over the head of his cock. They both watched as his cockhead parted her pink petals and slipped slowly into her body. He penetrated her inch by inch, slowly letting her settle into his lap at her pace. 

"Ooooh," she purred as she settled herself onto him, allowing all of his manhood to be inside her. She calmly sat there, eyes closed, humming softly. Kneeling like that, Carla was able to raise and lower herself on him. She moved slowly and purposefully, enjoying every fraction of an inch of her lover that rubbed her just the right way. 

Don could feel her muscles tighten, squeezing him and sharing the pleasures she felt. Her pussy was wet and warm as it massaged his entire hard length. "That feels so good," he moaned.

After several strokes of her sex on his, Don reached out and let his hands caress her hips as she continued to move upon him almost too excruciatingly slow. Every inch of him felt alive though as all control of his pleasure was assumed by his lover. He was breathing deeply before long; gazing into the face of his lover and feeling a fresh intensity begin to build as his balls started to tingle.

At last Carla pushed herself fully upright and tossed back her long blonde mane. She smoothly pumped up and down the full length of his cock, keeping him in only by the thick rim of his circumcised cock head at times. Unlike the other times they'd made love this weekend, she was silent. The only sound was the whisper of moist skin against skin. Don almost felt detached from what was going on, he was just the instrument of her pleasure this time. He watched her breasts sway as she rode him and her hot pussy took him deep inside, deep into her luscious womanhood. 

She rode him gently, giving and taking the pleasures they both so undeniably desired.

Carla could feel the tension building. She lifted herself so only the tip of his glistening wet penis made contact with her pink pussy lips. She stayed there until she could sense Don aching for more. She played with the head of his cock, pushing herself onto it and feeling the head flare and fill her, then withdrew him again. Warm tingling heat filled her belly. She sank down onto him and leaned forward this time, grinding herself against him. He responded, moving his hips in a figure eight motion under her. He cupped her breasts in his hands, warmed them, and kissed them. He suckled her peaked nipples as he allowed her to set the pace. She rose and fell in his lap. The wet sounds of their lovemaking filled the room again. She rocked harder on his shaft the force of her coming down on him beginning to vibrate inside her. Don held her by her ass now as she flexed her hips farther forward to take him that fraction further. He was touching places inside her that hadn't been touched in years. 

Don lifted his head and kissed her. 

That only seemed to inspire something in Carla and she changed rhythms again, to short hard strokes that hit hard against his pubic bone. Their kisses and their motion became ever more frantic. Her breath came in deep rasps. Don knew he had no control over when he came now. He just knew it wouldn't be long. His hand squeezed her bouncing cheeks as she steadily stroked him with her pussy. 

Carla rode him faster and harder, her thighs bouncing at his sides and her blonde mane flailing about behind her head. She rested her hands on his taut stomach and coaxed him to the right rhythm, filling herself with an intense heat. Her head fell back, her eyes open but unseeing as she was overwhelmed with pleasure. She began to moan loudly. She felt herself on the edge, about to overflow but it was too sensitive and she was about to ask him to slow down, until...

"Oh my god!" She wailed.

Don had reached down and flicked her clit with his finger. He did it more directly and more earnestly than she would have dared at that point if she had been masturbating. It was not too much though, it was just enough -- and it made it happen.

All sounds stopped for her in the space between one heartbeat and the next. Her body clenched like a fist and then she gave out a long shuddering sigh as she leaned forward to fall over on her lover. 

"Ahhhhhh...yessssss'" Carla hissed through her orgasm as her damp cheek lay on her lover's chest. She rode him and rode through the climax until she lay quietly spent over his body. She hummed again, this time her lips vibrating against his skin. 

Don was still fully hard, he was also in need. He held her tight as he slowly eased his cock in and out of her by himself now. 

He heard her hum turn to a low groan. 

Carla lifted her head and he saw the frown across her brow as he buried himself in her body again and again. "Don...I'm...I'm sorry, but...uh, I'm too sensitive. I can't...take that...any more." 

"That's okay," he said and immediately stopped. 

Carla lifted her hips and his hard cock came out with a wet, 'pop'. She giggled at the sound. "Can I do something else for you?" 

As much as his need to attain his own climax had been driving him, the pleasure of having pleased her was surprisingly enough. "No, I'm fine."

"I want to. I want to do something for you. What can I do?" Carla leaned down and kissed him.

"There is one thing we haven't tried." And without saying another word or waiting for a reply, he rolled them both over, until her head lay back on her pillow. 

He rose up and straddled her chest. 

"Mmmm," she purred as she looked up into his eyes. "I think I like where you're headed." She lifted her head and took him into her mouth. He tasted different now, he tasted of her. She actually liked her taste; she liked the taste of them both together even more. 

She cupped his ass with her hands and held him still, with just the head of his cock in her mouth. She filled her mouth with saliva and soaked it for a moment, flicking the tip of her tongue just under the head. Don moaned and tried to move his hips. She pressed her fingernails into his skin, squeezing him harder, as if telling him to remain still. She circled his glans with her tongue again and again.

He gasped and said, "I was actually looking to take advantage of these." He reached down and filled his hands with her breasts and squeezed. "But I'm liking this, too." 

Carla gave one hard suck and then with another loud 'pop' released his cockhead.

"Oh no, go for it." She said as she held his hard shaft above her lips. "We've done about everything else, so I want you to do this too." She pushed his cock down between her breasts. "Here hold him a sec." She pulled his hand down on top of his cock then pushed her breasts up around it.

"Oh, yes. Now that feels good." Don licked his lips as he felt the total fullness of her beautiful assets surrounding him.

"So, do it stud. Show me how much you want these, how much you want to cum all over them and me." She squeezed her breasts even more tightly together. 

Don began to slide up and back. His heavy balls dragged up and down beneath her cleavage. He could feel Carla's hands squeezing her breasts firmly together and saw as they covered his cock until he couldn't see it anymore. 

"I love this!" He called out. "Ohhhh! This feels so good. I never expected it to feel this good," Don moaned. 

"Come on lover. Give it to me. Give me that big hard cock of yours!" Carla urged him on. 

Distantly, Don felt the tightening of his balls again.

Carla felt him tense, felt the quality of his erection change between her breasts. She squeezed them together even tighter around his extremely hard cock. They were slick with her saliva and his abundant pre-cum and every stroke flashed his manhood up toward her adoring eyes. 

Don moved faster still and after only another couple of dozen strokes Carla could feel his cock swell as he restrained himself for that final moment before release. She felt him bulge ever thicker between her breasts and saw up close the head of his wonderful manly cock stretch taut until the first burst of cum blasted out of the little hole on top and splashed against her chin. 

"Ahhhhh...oh yeah!" Don's extended, gritty groan escaped his throat, as he bucked his hips up and the second burst splattered across her upper lip. Thereafter a continuing flood of his extremely warm cum spilled out onto her chest. The orgasm was distant one moment and everywhere the next for Don. He threw his head back and actually laughed with joy at the release it brought. 

After a moment he looked down and saw his lover smiling up at him. He also saw the incredible mess he'd made all over her face, neck and chest.

He couldn't help but chuckle again.

"Now, does that feel better my Prince Charming?" She took his dwindling cock in hand and rubbed it over her nipples and bathed them with what was left of his dribbling cum.
