 Here is a little story about one of my oldest friends. Jon and I grew up together, and we did a lot of experimenting together. I hope you enjoy the story.



Jon and I first met when he changed schools and became one of my classmates in the fifth grade. He was quiet, and kind of shy at first, but he became quite the little extrovert one you got to know him. We became friends almost instantly. And over the next several years we became the best of friends. We never dated, but he was my closest confidant, and I told him things I never told my boyfriends or girlfriends. But there were some things even he didn't know about me. He knew I wasn't a virgin, but that was all I ever let on. He never knew how anti-virginal I was, and he was too good of a guy to never ask.

It wasn't till our junior year in high school that we ever fooled around together. We were at a party and the alcohol was flowing freely. After more than a few drinks we found ourselves in the corner making out and feeling each other up. He didn't know that I would have stripped right there and ridden him if he had wanted, so he led me to a back room and we had ourselves the first of many good times. 

Once he realized our friendship wasn't going to end and that I was willing to have sex with him just about any time he wanted, he was alright with the situation. 

Jon wasn't a big guy. About 5'9, but he was very athletic. He played shortstop on the school's baseball team, and was quite good at it. He became quite popular at school, and had a long succession of girlfriends. He and I never stopped being friends, and our benefits never ceased. He never told any of his girlfriends about me, but never ceased telling me about what he was doing with them. I had actually had sex a few times with one of his girlfriends. She was bi, but since she never told him, I didn't feel I should either. 

We had a lot of fun together those last two years of school. We fucked at least once a week. At school, work, our respective homes, out in public, and just about everywhere else that could be imagined. The sex was really good, and he wanted a lot of it. But that was just fine by me, because I enjoyed it greatly. He didn't have the biggest cock ever, but it was a decent 7 inches, and he was good at using it. And he was just the right amount of rough when fucking me. Hair pulling, ass slapping, back scratching, and the occasional light choking. I loved it. 

We even talked about our fantasies a lot too. He wanted the usual guy fantasies. Group sex, threesomes, and especially to fuck girls in the ass. I don't know why I never told him I was into all those things. I think I just enjoyed having him to myself when we were together. I know it would have been fun to include him in everything I was doing, but I never did. He was really into anal though. More than one of his girlfriends let him, but again, I never let him. I just don't know why. 

This all leads up to the true beginning of my story. It was May of our senior year. Graduation was just a couple weeks away. My parents were out of town and Jon and I were relaxing after a day long, fuckfest. That was when he dropped a bombshell on me. He told me he had decided to join the Army. I was shocked. I know he had thought about it, but I had tried to convince him otherwise. There were two wars going on at the time, and he was my best friend. I didn't want him going off and getting killed. But it was too late. He had already signed up, and he said that he was going to be leaving just two days after we graduate. After I got over being shocked, I became pissed. I didn't want him to go, and I want happy about his choosing to. So I became queen bitch. I wish I hadn't done it, but I guess I wanted to hurt him into doing what I wanted. I was angry, and I ended up hurting myself more than him.

I avoided him and ignored him for the next couple weeks. But it became impossible on graduation day. Everybody and their families were milling about at school, in and around the auditorium, waiting for everything to start. I was talking to people, congratulating and being congratulated. I felt a hand on my shoulder, and turned around. It was Jon.

"Can we talk?" He asked.

I nodded and we walked off to a more secluded part of the school where there wasn't anybody around. 

"I'm sorry about enlisting. I didn't know you would be as upset as you are."

"No. I'm sorry." I said. "I have been a horrible bitch lately. It wasn't fair to you."

"It's alright. You know that I'm going to be alright, right?"

"Yeah."

"Hey! Cheer up ok?" He said.

"I'm so sorry Jon. I'm sorry I was so mean to you."

I was near to tears, but he laughed and gave me a big hug.

"Well I know one way you can make it up to me." He said. And I felt his hands slide down to my ass.

I laughed a little, "You men and your one track minds."

"Hey, I'm going into the army, and who knows when I'll get the chance to fuck a girl as pretty as you again."

I smiled and slowly shook my head.

"Come on." He said, and he took my hand and led me into one of the bathrooms.

He pulled me in and locked the door behind us. I was excited by the fact that we could get caught and there were hundreds of people around the school.

He took his cap off and threw it onto the floor, and pulled his gown over his head and hung it over the stall door. 

I took my cap off too, but he told me to put it back on. He wanted to fuck me with my cap and gown still on. I like that kind of kink in a man.

He pushed me down to my knees in front of him. The tile floor hurt my knees, but I knew he just wanted a short blow job before he fucked me, so didn't complain. I unzipped his jeans and pulled them down. His cock was already making a nice tent of his boxers, so I pulled his cock out through the hole in them and greedily sucked it into my mouth. I heard him groan and felt his hand on top of my cap. I could feel his thumb playing with the tassel as he guided my head up and down on his cock. 

After just a few minutes he stepped back and told me to get up. He turned me so I faced the mirror above the sink. My cap was crooked so I took the time to straighten it up, and as I did so Jon fell to his knees behind me. I laughed when I heard his knees knock against the floor, causing him to groan. He told me to hold onto the sinks edge, and he pulled me back so I was slightly bent over. He lifted my gown up and flipped it onto my back to reveal my three inch heels and the light dress I was wearing. 

"I've always liked this dress." He said.

"Keep going, and you'll like it even more." I replied.

He pushed the skirt up to join my gown on my back and he saw that I had gone without panties that day. He sighed a little, and he pushed my legs further apart. He stuck his face between my legs and began to lick away at my pussy. I was good and wet and he had me moaning in no time. Soon he had two fingers from his right hand buried inside me and was using his left to rub my clit. It was when his tongue began to lick my asshole that I came. And I came hard. If he hadn't been there to hold me up, I would have collapsed onto the floor. 

When I had calmed down, he stood up behind me and looked me in the eyes. He began pushing forward and back. His cock was rubbing against my pussy lips. He smiled as he angled his hips so that his cock could slide all the way into me. He held it there as he grabbed at and kneaded my ass. Some guys like tits, some legs, but Jon was definitely an ass man. He loved my ass. I guess that is why doggie is his favorite position. 

He started slowly. Playing with my ass as he watched his cock slide in and out of me. But soon he was fucking me the way I liked it. Hard and fast. The bathroom was filled with the sounds and smells of sex. Our bodies were slapping together, and I could feel his balls bouncing against my clit. Our grunts and groans were good and loud. 

He slowed down, and I could feel him playing with my asshole.

"Are you finally going to let me take your anal cherry?" 

"Nooooo." I cried.

"Awww. I don't know if I'll ever get to fuck you again. This may be my last chance"

I twisted around on his cock, and glared at him. "Don't say such a thing. You'll have plenty of chances to fuck me. And when you come back safe and sound from all this mess, I'll let you do whatever you want to me."

He smiled and brought his hand down hard onto my ass. He began to fuck me harder and harder. He was slamming into me so hard, that my cap fell off and into the sink. He grabbed my hair and pulled my hair back. I could see the animal look in his eyes. He was fucking me as hard as he could and he was giving me everything he had. 

I began to cum again on his cock, and that caused him to groan. After just a few more thrusts he let go of my hair and took a tight hold on my hips. He thrust hard and deep into me. He held himself there and I could feel his cock jerk as he shot his load deep into my pussy. 

After he softened up he pulled out of me. I could feel his cum leaking out of me and I reached over for a paper towel to clean up. 

"No. Don't do that." He said. And he pulled my skirt down and then my gown over it. "I want you to feel my cum leaking out as you get your diploma."

I smiled and retrieved my cap from the sink. I put it on and worked at fixing my hair. Jon had done a number on it when he pulled it. Behind me he was pulling his jeans up and putting his cap and gown back on. 

As we walked back towards the auditorium, I could feel his cum dripping down my legs and getting smeared all over them with each step. I found my space in line for the processional into the auditorium. And as I sat there listening to all the speeches that I have long since forgotten, I was praying there wouldn't be a wet spot on the back of my gown. 

After graduation, Jon and I kind of lost touch. He went into the Army, and I went off to college. We talked occasionally but less and less frequently as time went by. He went to Afghanistan and was there when I was finishing up college, and it came to the point that I was learning about what he was up to through the grapevine rather than directly from him.

So it came as a surprise when I got a phone call from him a couple weeks before this past Thanksgiving. He told me he was living in Colorado, but was coming home for a couple months to spend the holidays with his family. The only problem was that he was coming home on Friday, but his parents were out of town until the Tuesday before Thanksgiving. He was hoping I could pick him up from the airport and hang out with me for a few hours until the friend he was staying with got home from work.

I was surprised to hear from him, and excited to get to catch up with my old friend again, that I readily said yes. I agreed to meet him at the airport and to spend the day with him. 

When that Friday finally arrived, I actually had butterflies in my stomach. I hadn't talked to him in such a long time, and I wasn't sure if he remembered that promise I made him on graduation day. I was sure he hadn't been pining away for me or anything. He never had any trouble getting women interested in him, or getting them out of their clothes. But I was hoping he remembered and would take me up on the promise. 

I cleaned out my car, because I tend to use the back seat as a mobile garbage dump. Then I took a shower and got dressed. I went with a yellow thong and push up bra set. Tight jeans that showed off my ass nicely and some boots that went up to mid calf. Up top I went with a tank top and a form fitting button up plaid shirt. And a jacket over that. I pulled my hair into a simple ponytail and checked myself in the mirror. Jacket zipped up enough to keep me warm, shirt unbuttoned enough to show off my cleavage. I looked good.

I got to the airport a bit early and sat in the waiting area next to the exit. My dad complains every time he goes to the airport and talks about how you could once go right to the gate and wait for the plane to pull up and everybody to get off. But I don't remember that, so I wasn't bothered by just sitting there with everybody else. 

Minutes passed. Arrivals were posted on the TVs in the waiting area. And finally his was listed as having arrived. I left the waiting area and stood near the exit where I would be able to see him arrive. I waited as patiently as I could, and after several minutes, and several people passed from his flight, I finally saw him. And what I saw was impressive. The athletic, but wiry boy from high school had vanished. What I saw walking toward me was a hulking, muscular, barrel chested man. I don't know about everything the Army does to a man, but physically it treated him well.

I saw him pick up his pace a bit and smile as he saw me. I was tempted to run to meet him, as in some sappy movie, but the security guard would probably not approve. He picked me up and gave me a big hug when he got to me. One of his now muscular arms went around my waist and his other hand went straight to my ass. I knew it wasn't an accident since he gave it a hard squeeze. 

We went down to the baggage claim area and stood near where his bag would come out. We talked about family and friends. He was looking forward to his visit since it was the first time to be with his parents for Thanksgiving and Christmas since high school. I was wondering if he was thinking about my promise or our sexcapades back in school when he pulled me back into him and gave me a hug. I could feel his cock pressing into my ass, and he said, "I'm glad to see you still have that wonderful ass."

I smiled and said, "Why would I want to lose my favorite ass-set?"

He laughed and stepped away from me because he saw his bag coming down the conveyor belt. He picked it up and we made our way out to my car. 

Just some more normal chit chat as we walked and I popped the trunk, he lifted the lid and dropped his bag in. He held it open to shield us from any passerby's, and turned to me. I could see the desire in his eyes as he said, "I remember that promise you made to me."

I hoped my acting skills were good enough when I gave him a confused look and replied, "What promise?"

He looked at me and said that a friend as good as I was to him wouldn't forget such a promise. He dropped the trunk lid and let it slam shut. He walked around and opened up the back door of my car and told me to get in. I obeyed him and got in and sat down. He crouched down and looked me in the eyes.

In a calm even tone he said, "I know you remember the promise you made, but I'll humor you and remind you. Before our graduation from school, I fucked you in the bathroom. As I was fucking you, you promised that if I came home safe and sound, I would get to do to you anything I wanted. Well I am home safe and sound, and now I get to do whatever I want to you. Do you remember that promise now?"

I smiled at him and nodded. 

"Good." He said, and he stood up close to the door and said, "You know what I want you to do."

I did know since he was standing there with the front of his pants just a few inches from my head. I turned in my seat and reached up to unzip his pants and pull his cock out. I stroked its length a few times and leaned forward so I could swirl my tongue around the head. With each passing second my mouth and tongue turned his cock form nice and hard to a steel rod. I held my head still, and he began fucking my mouth. 

He suddenly backed away from me, and told me to get out. I stood up and he turned me around. He reached around me and undid my belt and jeans. He pushed me down onto my hands and knees on the back seat of my car. My right knee on the seat, my left foot on the floor. His hands were all over my ass and between my legs. "You don't know how much I've missed this ass." He said and then pulled my jeans down to my knees. The cold air hit my ass and made me shiver. I loved the feeling though. Exposed to the world and about to get fucked in public has always been a turn on. He pulled my thong aside and slid his fingers into me. 

I was good and wet, and he soon removed his fingers and replaced them with his cock. It felt so good to have him inside me again. His hands were once again exploring my ass as he fucked me. He wet his finger off of my pussy and began to rub it around my ass hole. I wiggled my ass back at him and he took it as an invitation, and he pushed his finger into me. I moaned loudly and he began to alternate his finger and cock moving in and out of me. 

Suddenly he slowed his thrusts and then stopped. He kept his cock and finger inside me, but fished his phone out of his pocket. I was thought he was about to take a photo, but then I heard the wheels of a suitcase rolling along. Jon pretended to be texting somebody as they passed by. He wiggled his finger in my ass as he said hello to whoever was walking by, and I heard a woman say hi back. I looked up from between the seats and saw two beautiful women walking by. Jon then began fucking and fingering me again as soon as they had passed. He put his phone away, slapped my ass, and began fucking me hard. 

He then pulled out and the cold air rushing into my pussy made me gasp. He pulled me out of the car, and pushed me down to a crouching position next to the car. He grabbed my hair by the ponytail and shoved his cock into my mouth. His plan was to fuck my mouth, but he was too far gone. He almost instantly came inside my mouth and I had to work hard to swallow it all. 

I had one hand holding onto his pants pocket and the other was between my legs rubbing my exposed clit. I licked his cock clean and was able to have my own orgasm there next to my car in the airport parking lot. 

He lifted me up and helped me with my jeans. I then tucked his cock back into his pants and carefully zipped him back up. He shut the door and then opened the drivers side door for me, then closed it after I sat down. I asked him, after he got in, where he wanted to go. He said he wanted to go back to my place to continue to help me keep my promise. I laughed and agreed as I pulled out and headed home.

After an exciting fuck and since we were planning on more, there is only one topic of conversation that would possibly come up. I asked him if he wanted to fuck those two women and he just looked at me and said, "Hell Yeah!" I laughed and said that I agreed that they looked like a fun time. 

He looked at me with a puzzled look on his face. 

I had forgotten that I never told him about being bi or my enjoyment of group sex. 

I looked at him and said, "Yes. I'm bi. Those women were hot, and I would enjoy getting them naked."

He just stared at me and he jaw fell open. 

I nearly died laughing. "Why are you so surprised? I love sex in all its shapes and forms."

"When did this start?" He asked.

"Ummm." I began to blush. " Before high school."

Again a long stare and a slack jaw. "Why didn't you tell me?"

"I don't know." I said. "I guess I liked having our time together being just us."

He gave me a disapproving stare.

"Now don't tell me you wouldn't have begged for a threesome if you had know."

"Fuck right I would have." He said. "You don't know how many times during high school I jerked off at night thinking about you, me, and some other girl going at it."

"See? I was right."

"You know it was my fantasy to have a threesome. You could have helped me with that."

"Yeah. I know." I said. "I guess I should have done that for you."

He sat back in his seat, looking straight ahead.

"Did you ever get to have a threesome" I asked.

"With two women?" He said. "Yeah. There are a lot of women who like a man in uniform. So I've had a few."

"Good." I said. But then I thought about what he said. He asked if I meant with two women. 

"You asked if I was wondering about your having a threesome with two women." 
