 My ex-wife Donna and I both got re-married after our divorce. Mine lasted for three year, hers lasted for four. And after we were both legally single we started communicating again via phone and email. She was 31 and lived in Alaska, and I was 34 and lived in Ohio.

And after awhile, we started reminiscing a lot about our previous sex life together, which was always terrific and fantastic. Our problems were outside the bedroom where both of us had dominant personalities that clashed frequently. But sexually we were great together. 

As we talked and emailed more and more, we finally decided that we wanted to get together again and "rekindle the old flames". So we made plans to meet for a New Year's Eve weekend in Seattle. (Note: Donna is a gorgeous blonde, with blue eyes, an angel face, perfect 36-D breasts with pale, pink silver dollar-size areolas, a killer body, and an insatiable appetite for sex.) 

As the date of the reunion approached, our phone conversations and emails got hotter and hotter. And anticipation of being together again grew stronger. And then about a week before the reunion, I got this email from her:

***************

I've missed you. Your caress...I always loved the way you touched me. Firmly yet gentle. Sometimes rough, sometimes demanding, and other times hesitantly - but always a pleasure. ALWAYS!

I absolutely love to kiss you on the mouth, and swirl our tongues together, then head down to kiss and lick your nipples, down to your navel, and down, down to your stiffening and eager penis. And then to kiss, lick, and swallow your cock, and slide my tongue all over your shaft, and suck your balls into my mouth very, very gently. Feeling your cock grow and get hard in my mouth and throat turns me on SO much (it doesn't with my other lovers). I just love how your cock feels in mouth. And I love having you come in my mouth, and to taste your hot, salty come. I feel so close to you when that happens.

I want to do everything and anything we can think of sexually (except a threesome; I want you all to myself). Just think of all the things we haven't done or tried yet! I can hardly wait for Seattle.

Now on to fucking. The moment you push your cock into me, and shove deep into me, I am the most content woman alive. I don't have that feeling with other men. It's not that I don't enjoy sex with other guys, but it's always better with you, and I really miss that.

I miss feeling your blood engorged shaft sliding in and out of my pussy. Slow and easy at first, then faster and harder. And deeper. Until my body stiffens up, and a huge wave of pleasure washes over me as I come.

I've had more orgasms with you than with any of my other lovers, and SO many multiple orgasms! I think it's because of your incredible control and endurance. Your "lasting power" always amazed and delighted me. I've been with a lot of guys who are strictly "slam bam thank you man" guys. But not you! I can remember many times when we fucked for 30 or 40 minutes or more. And then I'd suck you back to life and we'd start all over again! 

And I have a strong desire for you to fuck me in every single opening and crevice in my body. Between my breasts. In my mouth. In my cunt. And in my ass. (I'm getting extremely turned on writing this!)

You know, I've never thought of sex as being "fun" until you came along. Not that I didn't like it, but the other men in my life were selfish lovers who were only concerned about their own pleasure. But you were different. You once told me that your goal while making love was to satisfy and pleasure ME, and that's exactly what you did. And it was always wonderful, and always VERY satisfying.

A good example is what you could do to my pussy and clit with your fingers and tongue. You were amazing! You would bury your face in my pubic hair and finger, and diddle, and lick, and suck,

my cunt and clitoris until I was quivering and shuddering in wave upon wave of pleasure and ecstasy. Talk about multiple orgasms!

And the other thing you did was to control yourself, and pace yourself, and talk to me while we fucked so that we came together, You're the only man I've ever been with that I experienced simultaneous orgasms with - and it happened a lot!

We always made love TOGETHER, both wanting to pleasure the other as much as ourselves. And that made it incredibly special. 

Did I say I miss all of that? Well I do. I miss your body, your hairy chest, your "rear", your fingers, your tongue,and most of all your penis.

Oh God! I absolutely loved licking and sucking your dick, and feeling your cock thrust in and out between my lips, and go deep in my throat. I often dream about sucking your cock and I can't wait to do it some more.

As you know, I'm a strong willed woman, and I've always wanted a man to be strong enough to dominate me, and you're the only one who ever has. But you don't do it "meanly". You just take control and drive me crazy. I especially like it when your grabbing a handful of my hair, and pushing and sliding your cock deep into my mouth, and down my throat so far that I gag, and can't breathe for a second until you pull back. Do you know how many times I've come at that moment? A LOT!

I've decided that I want you to tie me up, and fuck me in my cunt, and in my rear, and between my tits, and in my mouth. I want you to CLAIM me, and ravage me, and make me delirious with pleasure. 

I can't wait to come (literally) and meet you in Seattle next week. Are you ready?

************************************

Needless to say, we spent most of the weekend engaged in sex. In bed, or on the floor, or in a chair, or on the balcony, or in the shower, or in the back of a strangers pick-up truck in the hotel parking lot. And even once at at night on a park bench in a public park.

One of the best times was just after midnight on New Year's Eve. We'd been drinking shots of Rumplemintz all night, so we were both pretty sloshed. And on the way out of the bar she suddenly pulled me into the coat check room off the main hallway. Then she got down on her knees, unzipped my fly, pulled out my dick, and started

sucking the hell out of it.

And about three minutes into it two guys came in looking for their coats. And I started to pull back figuring we needed to stop. But she just kept right on sucking.

"Damn!" the tall guy said. "I can't believe what I'm seeing here."

"Yeah," the fat guy said. "You are a lucky man sir. Can we get some of that?"

Donna immediately slid my dick out of her mouth and looked up at them

"Sure guys," she said. "Come closer and get your dicks out and join the party. I'm in a cock sucking mood tonight!"

And that's exactly what they did. And she proceeded to take turns sucking all three of us for about thirty seconds at a time. First the tall guy,then the fat guy, then back to me. And so on around the horn. And as she was doing us she unbuttoned her blouse and let her gorgeous tits hang free for them to see. And they both reached down and started squeezing and fondling her boobs as she sucked us. 

I was shocked at how much of a turn on it was to see her sucking other men's dicks, and getting felt up by strangers, but it definitely was. I don't think my dick has ever been harder and stiffer.

"Jesus Christ!" the fat guy said. "It's a fucking New Year's Eve miracle! Damn, baby, you suck good!"

So good, apparently, that he came on the third go round, and his body jerked and twitched as she swallowed his load.

The tall guy lasted a little longer, but he too eventually succumbed to her talented sucking, and he came hard a couple of minutes later. Which left me. And she started REALLY sucking my cock as they continued to play with her tits. And even though I wanted it to last forever, I eventually said "fuck it" and let myself go, and I had one of the best orgasms of my life. And as I was coming she started coming too!

As we were going back to our room in the elevator she looked at me a smiled.

"Did you like that"?

"Fuck yes," I said. "How about you?"

"Oh God yes! But I want more! I want to make love all night long."

And when we got back to the room that's exactly what we did. We fucked. and sucked, and made love until the sun came up. And then we slept until early afternoon, and went right back at it.

By the time we left for the airport I could barely walk because my cock was sore and raw. But I wasn't complaining at all 

It was an amazing weekend I'll never forget.