 "You did what?" I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I looked at my friend, Jenny, in disbelief.

"I followed Mark...and I saw what I saw." Jenny looked down at her hands.

"You followed my husband. Why?" I sat down on the couch beside her.

"You said you were wondering if he was screwing around. So, I followed him." She reached down and took her cell phone out of her purse. "I took pictures."

"You have got to be kidding me." I took the phone from her, dreading what I would see. I silently flipped through the pictures. My husband of one year. Making out with some woman in his car. More pictures of him walking with her, hand-in-hand, into a hotel. He didn't look like he was worried about getting caught or anything. 

"They were in there for two hours." Jenny said quietly.

"You stayed there and watched for him to come out?" I asked in surprise.

"Yeah. I know you care for him. I'm sorry to be the messenger of such bad news. But you had a feeling he was doing this. You can't be too surprised."

"I know. It's just that I was hoping I was wrong." I handed the phone back to her. "What am I going to do? I can't go back to my mom's. She warned me not to marry Mark in the first place. She always said eighteen was too young to get married."

"You're nineteen now. You don't have to make any rash decisions right away. I wouldn't confront Mark yet. Maybe you can just wait it out. Give yourself time to process it all."

"You're right. I'll do that. You better go. Your boyfriend will be home soon and wonder where you are." I stood.

"Are you sure you're okay?" Jenny stood also.

"I'm fine. Thanks, Jenny. I really appreciate you. You're an awesome friend. I'll text you later." I followed her to the front door and opened it.

"Okay. I'll see you later. Stay strong." 

I shut the door behind her and leaned against it. I lowered my head and sighed. 

My head jerked up when I heard my cell phone's ringtone. Looking around, I finally spotted it across the room on the sideboard. I hurried but didn't reach it before it stopped ringing. Looking at the missed calls, it was a number I didn't recognize. I waited to see if they left a voice mail. Nothing. Hmm. I didn't normally do this, but I decided to call the number back.

"This is Jack." The deep voice on the other end of the line sent shivers down my spine.

"Hi...Jack. I just got a missed call from this number." I said.

There was a pause. "I must have dialed the wrong number. Sorry about that. I hope I didn't interrupt anything, hon."

"Just my life falling apart. But I'll be all right." I sighed.

"No matter what you're going through. It's going to be all right. Just breathe."

"Yes, sir." I took a deep breath and smiled. "Thank you."

I could hear the grin in his voice. "Good girl. If you don't mind, I just want to tell you that you have a very sexy voice."

I blushed. "Thanks. You have a very nice voice, too."

"Thank you." He said huskily. "What color is your hair?"

"Auburn."

"Long or short?"

"To my waist."

"Very nice. Eyes?"

"Four of them."

There was a pause. Then a deep chuckle. "What?"

"I have two eyes, four if you count my glasses."

He laughed. "What color?"

"Black with gold on the sides." I had a huge smile on my face that just wouldn't stop.

"You have black eyes with gold on the sides?" Humor laced his voice.

I laughed. "No, my glasses are black with a little gold. My eyes are hazel. Mix of brown and green."

He laughed. "You're funny."

"Yeah, sometimes I can be. What about you? Hair and eye color?"

"Brown hair, pretty short. Not to my waist. Grey eyes, only two of them, unless I'm reading or doing paperwork, then I wear readers." 

I laughed. "Very nice."

"You have a very contagious laugh, babe. You sound amazing." He paused. "I know this is sudden, and we don't know each other. But would you meet me for lunch today?"

My heart started racing. I bit my lip. I thought about all that I had found out today. About Mark and his cheating. I took a deep breath. "Yes."

"Okay. How far are you from the Café on Edwards Street?"

"It's not very far. Fifteen minutes or so."

"It's almost twelve now. 12:30? Does that sound all right?"

"Perfect." I said firmly.

"What will you be wearing?"

I thought about it. Something sexy. "Plaid skirt and a red top."

"I'll be there."

"I'll see you there."

We hung up and I looked at my reflection in the mirror above the sideboard. What in the hell was I doing? I shook my head at myself and headed in to the bedroom. I put on my short black, white, and red plaid skirt and snug, low-cut red top. I pulled on my black high heels, touched up my makeup and brushed my hair. I put a black headband on but left my hair flowing down my back. Grabbing my purse, I headed out the door.

Fifteen minutes later, I was parked in front of the Café. I bit my lip and looked around. At 12:28, I took a deep breath and headed inside. Standing inside the entrance, I looked around. There weren't very many people in the small restaurant. In the back corner, I noticed a brown-haired man in a suit. He stood, staring at me, as I walked across the room towards him. He held out his hand. "Hi. I'm Jack."

"It's nice to meet you." I took his hand, my eyes widening at the tingle I felt.

He led me to a chair and helped me into it. "You've a very pretty girl."

"Thank you." He was very nice looking, for an older man. He looked to be in his forties. 

We ordered a sandwich and drinks, but couldn't keep our eyes off of each other. His hand found my bare knee under the table, his fingers sliding up and down my thigh. I let my knees fall apart, giving his hand access to my inner thigh. It grasped my thigh firmly. 

My breathing became more erratic the longer we sat there, pretending to eat. Finally, Jack threw some money on the table, grabbed my hand, and pulled me out of the Café. Instead of heading over to a vehicle, he pulled me across the parking lot to the Edwards Street Inn next door.

At the front desk, he quickly asked for a room, paid for it, and then led the way upstairs. He pulled me into the room, closed the door, shoved me up against it, and kissed me. His mouth ravaged mine. His hands pulled my top free of my skirt, lifting it and freeing my breasts from my bra. 

He squeezed my breasts, tugging on my nipples. His mouth moved down to my neck, nibbling on the skin under my ear. That spot drove me nuts. I moaned, arching my back, and grabbed his shoulders.

His hands moved down to pull my skirt up and my panties down. My hands went to his suit pants, unfastening them quickly. I pulled his cock out, admiring the size and how hard he was. "Your cock is so nice, Jack."

He grasped my hips and lifted me up. My legs wrapped around his waist as his cock impaled me deeply. He slammed me against the door, his hardness gliding in and out of my soaking wet puss.

My hands pulled at his hair, my mouth finding his neck, tongue licking at his skin. "Oh, yes. You feel so good, Jack. Fuck me harder." 

"Oh, baby. Your puss feels so good." He continued to slam into me as deep as he could go. His movements increased, his hips thrusting faster and faster.

"Oh, my God. Yes, oh, here it comes...oh yes!" My orgasm ripped through me just as I felt his cock throb inside me, spurting hot cum deep into me.

Our breathing slowly returned to normal as we rested against the door, his face buried against my long hair. 

"You are spectacular, hon." He whispered against my ear.

"You're pretty awesome, too." I said with a grin. I looked across the room at the clock on the wall. "Shit. I have to go. My husband will be home soon."

"Yeah, I should get back to the office." He refastened his pants and dropped a gentle kiss on my forehead. "Thank you. You made my day brighter."

"You're welcome. You made mine brighter, also."

We left the inn and headed our separate ways, not promising to meet each other again. I headed home and cursed when I saw Mark's truck in the driveway. He was home already. I didn't even get to clean Jack's cum from my puss. Shit.

I shrugged. Fuck it. I opened the door and walked in. Mark was sitting on the couch watching the sports channel. Of course.

He glanced up at me. "Hey. Wow. You look hot. Come here."

I walked towards him, pointing in the general direction of our room. "I really need to--"

He grabbed me, flung me down on the couch, yanked my panties off, and immediately started licking my puss. He inserted two fingers inside me. How could he not notice the cum that was already there? The bastard. He already fucked someone else today and now he was wanting it from me. 

Oh, well. He was extremely good at giving oral. I leaned back, bared my breasts, playing with them, and enjoyed his ministrations. As usual, it wasn't long before he made me explode. 

He stood, pulling his cock out of his jeans. I really didn't want him inside me after he had fucked someone else, so I begged him to squirt his load on my tits. "Oh, yeah, baby, make yourself cum.. all over my tits." I continued rubbing my tits, pinching my nipples as he played with himself. His hand moved up and down his length, quickening as he watched me touching myself.

"Oh, yeah, cum for me. Let me see your cum all over my tits." I lifted my breasts, licking at my nipples. 

His hand was a blur as he jacked off. He leaned towards me, rubbing his cock on my breasts as he groaned. His hot cum spurted out, landing on my tits. 

He redid his jeans and sat down beside me. "So, how was your day?" he asked with a sigh.

I grinned to myself. "Same old, same old. Nothing exciting." I lied. "How was yours?"

"Same as usual." He turned back to the television. "So, what are we having for dinner?"

--------------------------------------------------