 This is a follow-up to "Damaged but Renewed". And for an extra bit of silly fun, check out our favorite former gymnast in the short "Perfect 10".

***

In just four days, April Martinez's outlook on life had completely changed.

The lethargy was gone. The depression and the hopelessness were gone. There was a constant energy in her body like a drug.

At the ripe old age of twenty-two, the former gymnast had discovered sex. When Bud Tanner first walked into the massage room four days earlier, she'd been depressed and a little frightened and feeling hopeless. His bold arrogance and athlete's physique proceeded to first overwhelm and then enflame her.

She'd started out practically a virgin and in less than an hour turned into the hottest fuck of the stud's life.

And then, he walked out of the massage room and possibly out of her life. But it wasn't the man himself that had lit her fire. It was the experience. A new revelation of what her compact but powerful body was capable of. The pleasure it could experience and also, the excitement of bringing extreme pleasure to another.

After her failed bid for the Olympics and all the injuries that had caused that failure, she'd seen her body as a traitor and her life without meaning or prospects.

That was abruptly behind her.

The first thing she changed, early the very next morning, was her wardrobe. As a receptionist at Stu's Gym, she'd worn a unitard and shorts every day. No more. Tight yoga pants and a sports bra were her uniform now. She'd already noticed a lot more looks from everyone that saw her.

That day, after Tanner had fucked her so well, she'd seen her body in a whole new light. Her small, tight frame had sprouted perky B-cups with small, darkly shaded nips since she stopped actively training. Her waist was not dramatically narrow because she carried a good deal of muscle.

Currently, her abs were a moderately defined 4-pack. She knew it was a good look but she also knew that with fairly little effort, she could get back to the six cut-granite slabs she'd had while competing. She'd been spending time in front of her mirror at home each morning, nude, posing. Her own body turned her on. She couldn't decide if she wanted the chiseled 6-pack back or if a very slightly softer look was sexier.

She'd just have to ask for some opinions.

So, four days later and a couple hundred dollars poorer. It was money should couldn't really afford to spend but new, sexy clothes had suddenly been very important. She wanted those looks. She wanted to *feel* sexy.

And holy Christ in heaven, she wanted to fuck. She couldn't be bothered with bars or dating apps when she spent all day at this smorgasbord of flesh. She'd seen dozens of buff dudes that made her pussy slick and her nipples hard. But an opportunity to pull one into a room and fuck just hadn't arisen yet.

She was reading online about getting certified as a trainer when Tim Stein came into the gym. He was a regular, usually in during the quiet of the middle of the day. April didn't really know him. She'd never gotten to know anyone at the gym. But she'd seen him often enough.

Her newly minted libido perked up and she tracked his progress across the room. Six foot even, slender but muscled. A body like a basketball player's. He was quite a bit less impressive than Tanner but April was thinking of casting a wide net until she settled on a type.

Watching him greet a few of the other clients, April realized something. She remembered things she'd seen over the months but hadn't really picked up on. Tim was a flirt. He'd even tried to flirt with her when she first got the job but she'd been completely unreceptive. He'd moved on without any dirty looks or anything, just acknowledged that his attention wasn't wanted.

She also was remembering him hanging around several different women at the gym. Many of them had been receptive. He seemed pretty charming, treating the flirtation as a fun game.

April wondered how often he sealed the deal. She also wondered how big his cock was. And she knew she was going to find out.

*****

"How much are you lifting," a voice asked. Tim glanced up. The hot little receptionist was watching him. The newly hot receptionist. He'd noticed immediately when her dress changed. He'd also seen her roving eyes.

He did one last rep on the leg press. As always when he had any kind of audience, he tried to make it look easy. Well, it wasn't actually a lot of weight; he was doing practical reps.

"Just a hundred pounds. It works for me," he answered. He shrugged internally. She worked at the gym. She should know enough not to be expecting a huge number when someone was just doing their daily routine.

"Okay, yeah. I've seen you doing a lot of reps. You're looking good," she said overly casually.

Tim did several more presses. Whatever the girl wanted, he'd let her find her way. She'd sought him out after all.

There were three leg machines in a row and the others were both free. April set one for fifty pounds and settled in the saddle. Weights had been a very small part of her training but she knew she could pump out a lot of reps at that weight. Tim hadn't tried to bluster about the weight so she wasn't going to try anything silly.

What she wanted was an excuse to be near him for a while and also give him plenty of opportunities to see her body. Her two-tone tights and brief sports brawl left absolutely nothing to the imagination.

As he continued reps at a casual pace, he turned his head to speak to her. It was also an excuse to watch her without dumbly staring. "I've never seen you on any of the equipment before."

She matched his pace. Her bare midriff was hard and flat and her tights clearly showed her defined thighs. "I realized I've been getting soft since I stopped training. I don't want to get flabby."

Tim paused his routine, watching as the receptionist continued. "You sure don't look soft to me."

She did a couple more reps then let the plates down. She kind of looked at herself. "Yeah, I guess." She gracefully rose from the machine and glanced around briefly. No one else was near or paying attention to them. "Hey, can I ask your opinion on something?"

"Sure, I guess."

"Come over here a sec," she said, walking over to a pull-up bar. She looked up at it and made a face. "I actually don't think I can reach that." She reached high and jumped. She was several inches short of even contacting the bar.

"Give me a boost?" she asked.

Tim stepped close but hesitated before touching here. "Uh, how do you want..."

She tapped on either side of her puckered navel. "Hands on my hips and then 1-2-3-heave."

He bent slightly and put his hands on her hips, thumbs reaching toward her navel. She flexed her knees and counted, "One, two, three, hup!" She jumped and the man lifted with her. He felt her stomach harden and she grunted softly.

When he felt no weight on his hands, he released her and left her hanging. "So what did you want to ask me?" he said, forcing his eyes to hers.

"I was wondering how much muscle guys like on a girl," she said. She did a slow, steady pull-up and touched her chin to the bar. Then she eased down. "I mean, I know every guy is different but what do you think turns the most guys on?"

"Well, I know I like abs and a decent set of biceps on a lady but I'm afraid I'm in a minority."

"Oh?" she asked, finishing a third pull-up. "Is that some kind of male ego thing? I mean, when a guy doesn't like fit chicks."

Tim rubbed the back of his neck. He had not failed to notice how prominent April's nipples were or how her eyes had gone down to his shorts more than once. He had some practice keeping himself under control so there wasn't anything much to see there yet.

"I guess some guys feel threatened. But I also get liking a soft look just for the sake of it being soft and traditionally feminine."

"Well, I'm not going to let myself get soft no matter how many guys might like that sort of thing." She held a lift mid-way, her elbow at ninety degrees. She raised her legs and held them flat at ninety degrees as well. She held the strenuous position easily. "I mean, just look at this."

Tim looked. Tim liked. Her biceps were tight knots. Four panes of her abdomen were well defined and Tim could see a suggestion of a third pair. "Yeah, you look pretty amazing. I bet you can crack walnuts between those thighs."

She was still holding the stressful pose. "Wanna feel how hard my body is?" She asked, a sparkle in her eyes.

"May I?" he asked back, raising a hand near her thigh. He certainly sounded eager though in control. She nodded.

He pressed his fingers to her outer thigh. It was tense with strain and hard as oak. Glancing up at her face, he saw she wasn't having any second thoughts. He explored further, tracing the groves of her quadriceps.

"What was it you train for?" he asked.

"I was a gymnast," she said, neutrally.

Something in her voice made him look up, pulling his hand away. There was something behind those words. Some past pain or disappointment. 

Though they shared a moment of human empathy, neither was interested in derailing what was happening. Tim glanced at her rigid arm and back up, raising his brows in question.

"Of course," she said.

He reached above his head and felt her tight, mounded bicep. "Damn, you're rock hard, girl."

She shifted, adjusting her grip. He felt the power beneath her skin. She asked, "Anything else you want to feel while I'm up here?" 

He'd kind of been averting his eyes from her stomach. He took her suggestive tone as permission take things further.

Her abs were right at his eye level. Her shallow, controlled breathing was barely perceptible. Her taunt stomach was like an adobe brick wall.

He stepped closer. He braced one hand against her back before spreading his hand across her stomach. "Now you're just showing off. They're hard and perfect," he said. Boldly, as he tested the density of her muscles, his pinky edged under her waistband.

It couldn't infiltrate down her pelvis very far but the suggestion of intimacy was unmistakable.

She smirked down at him. Slowly, she lowered herself. Figuring that there really wasn't anything she wasn't open to at this point, he let his hand slide up her body.

Her little breasts were firm but so much softer than her muscle. Except for her nipples. They felt like ball bearings through the thin bra.

Feet dangling a foot from the floor, she paused. They held one another with their eyes. He pinched one of her peaks and she just grinned and wiggled her toes. Then she let herself drop.

Flexing her knees, she landed gently. As she rose, her hand found it's way up Tim's leg, into the leg of his shorts. She took a firm grasp of what she found there. "Hmmm, I'm so glad you're nice and hard too," she said.

She squeezed him again and stroked his completely erect cock. She was making it clear this wasn't a tease. "Come see what my awesome body feels like from the inside."

She let go, turned and walked away. Stunned, Tim watched her go. Slowly, he began to follow.

She opened a door Jim wasn't familiar with. A sign above it said simply "massage". He followed her in. 

*****

April let the man pass her at the door and closed it behind them. The room held a massage table and was brightly lit. It was clean and more than a little clinical seeming.

Tim turned to the receptionist. She was facing the door, her back to him. A full-length mirror was mounted on the back of the door.

She ran her hands down her body. She slid them down her stomach and across her hips to her ass. Watching, Tim saw no hint of panty lines under her tights.

Sweeping her hands forward and back up her body, they wormed their way under her bra. "Is it wrong that my own body turns me on?" She asked him, looking at him behind her through the mirror.

"Not that body. It's like a European sports car. A piece of art and also a powerful tool."

Her eyes lit up."Oooh! I like that. I hope you don't say that to all your conquests." She pulled the bra down across her ribcage, letting the cupcakes pop free. She stared at them in the mirrors, teasing one tip between her fingers.

Tim came up behind her and put his arms around her. His hands forcefully replaced hers. "Let me do that."

She made a low noise and pressed against him. His shrouded cock bumped along her lower spine. "Please do," she said, watching his hands grope her little treasures. She licked her lips and winked at him. Since her hands and been pushed out of their playground, she reached back and pushed down his shorts. She could only reach far enough to just clear his shaft.

When his naked cock thudded against her back, she could feel it's slick drool. Blindly, she rubbed it's head and stroked the lube down his shaft. His hips jerked. "Damn girl."

She craned her neck up and parted her lips for him. He bent his head and met them.

April had made out with boys now and then in her youth but it had all been a bit clumsy. Much like the fumbling attempts at sex that meant she had no longer quite been a virgin by the time she was nineteen.

There had been no kissing when the baseball player had repeatedly nailed her in that same room just four days earlier.

His left hand slid from her chest, up her neck and clasped her jaw. He inhaled deep and sank his tongue half way to her throat and clutched her breast hard. He had her almost off her feet and her hands rose to the back of his head.

It was April's first soul-kiss. It made her stomach clench and her knees tremble. Feeling the strength of her reaction, Tim went for broke. His long arm went from her tit down to the crotch of her yoga pants and pressed his fingers against her fold.

He was rewarded with a moan and a gasp and wet fingers. She sucked hard on his tongue and pushed herself against his hand.

By degrees, never letting her mouth lose contact with his, she turned in his arms. His delving hand did lose contact with her sopping camel-toe but a moment later slid into her tights and down her tiny butt. The tips of his fingers could just brush her dripping clam.

She nearly bit his tongue off as he teased her hole. She humped against his body and let out a frustrated moan. He was too tall! The head of his wooden tool was closer to her tits than her pussy.

She pushed him away and began desperately wiggling out of her yoga pants. Tim took the opportunity to remove his shorts the rest of the way. Then in a flash, she was back in his arms. Her hands went behind his back and around his shoulder and she lifted a leg against his hip, her teeth grated against his and her tongue ran back and forth between his lips and gums.

The other leg came up and she scaled him like a telephone pole. Tim could feel the head of his drooling cock bump along her powerful abdomen and his heart pounded in his chest.

She hitched her hips high and caught the head of his penis with her swollen sex. With one final swivel, she felt him enter her.

April raked his back and sank slowly onto his proud soldier. "Holy fuck, you're tight!" he shuddered. Slightly off balance, he let her back thump against the mirror.

"Wow, did I need that cock," she grunted. He was entirely inside her now. He wasn't nearly as massive as Tanner had been but her pussy didn't really notice the difference much. It was just thrilled to have something to chew on.

She let some of her weight come to rest on her clitoris and that's when she came. "Fuck me!" she groaned as she trembled. "Oh god, I don't want it to stop." There were tears in her eyes as she tried to hump him.

Bracing her back and neck, he pulled away from the door and turned to the massage table. It was a lot higher than his hips but he let her down to prop her back and shoulders on it, her hips hanging way down off the side.

He shifted his arms down, one at her hip, the other hooked on a thigh. He jostled her into place as her orgasm subsided. "Say that again, horny little girl."

"Fuck me!" she screamed. Someone out in the gym had to have heard. She locked her legs around him and mashed her pelvis against his. Her little tits were hard and her stomach tense. Her pussy held his cock like a collapsing star. Hot and irresistible.

He started slow. April spread her arms wide, clinging to the edge of the padded table. With her legs around his waist, she worked in time with him. She would crush him into her groin, everything tense. Tim thought his cock was going to implode from the pressure.

Then she'd loosen enough to let him back off a couple inches before they both surged against each other again.

"God, you really want to be treated like a little fuck bunny, don't you. Just a nympho slut that can't get enough."

Her legs held him tight, ceasing their motion. Tim was shocked to realize that she wasn't even breathing hard. Her eyes were hot and narrow when she answered. "I want you to treat my body like that sports car you were talking about. Pedal to the metal, screeching tires and no fucking speed limits."

She bumped him back and then yanked him in till his balls were jammed against her granite ass. "Capisce?"

He gave her a hard pounding of his own. "Ah, an *Italian* sports car, of course. High performance but hard to control."

She couldn't help but laugh at that as he proceeded to screw her hard, hungry body with everything he had.

Tim had always fed off the energy of the women he was with. He didn't need them to take the lead necessarily but he needed strong feedback. He had to know it was good for them. The more into it they were, the bolder and better he got.

April was so wide open for him, taking every thrust as if it were a gift. She came three or four times and was actually beginning to go soft on him. Her legs were barely staying around his waist and her head had dropped back onto the table.

"Ok babe, where do you want my fucking load?"

April first had to collect her thoughts to understand the question and then took longer to figure out what she wanted. "Would you believe me if I told you no man has ever cum in my mouth?" she asked.

The loyal gym member slammed into her especially hard and held himself inside. She wasn't quite black-hole tight at the moment, merely tight like a fist. "I guess so. You want to swallow my cream little kitten?"

She laughed again. Hormones make lame jokes funny, apparently. "Hmmm, come lay on the table and I'll drink it straight from the fountain."

As he pulled out, he helped her down to the floor. They spent a moment just standing, wrapped in each other's arms. April giggled each time his cock jumped against her stomach. They exchanged a brief kiss and then Jim climbed onto the massage table.

As the former gymnast watched him, she found herself thinking that this was nice. She wouldn't stretch and call it romantic but it was certainly a friendly and comfortable exchange. Hot and debauched but not brutal.

She'd probably someday want to stretch her boundaries and test herself again but she was glad to know she could thoroughly enjoy a simple, friendly fuck.

She climbed up after him and knelt between his legs. She'd been in a similar position for a bit with Tanner but the vibe was very different. While Tim was under control, even her inexperienced senses could tell he was very close to popping.

She wrapped her hand around his slick shaft. He was probably a bit over seven inches in length and very average in girth. Tanner had been so big, she couldn't get the head past her teeth. She wasn't going to have that problem with Tim and it excited her.

As her tongue made contact with the tip of his spear, she gazed into his eyes. Her little pink taster traced the contours of his crown and teased his leaking slit. The hot rod twitched in her grip. It swelled imperceptively, obviously as aroused as it could possibly get.
