 They sat quietly for a while, and Renee started feeling almost sleepy. Then Ray's phone beeped, and he picked it up to have a conversation with the towing company. He uh-huhed and yeahed for a while, then said, "Do it." He snapped the phone shut.

He mentioned something about an ignition switch or relay or something, and asked Renee if it was okay, and said her car would be ready tomorrow afternoon. She just nodded and didn't really listen. She didn't want to think about it. 

She tipped her head back, feeling relaxed and nice, and looked at him under heavy eyelids. She said, "Did you tell your wife?"

Ray sat silent for a minute, then made a weird smile and said, "No. I didn't." He continued, "I haven't."

She asked, "Why not?"

He hesitated, then laughed a little, maybe laughing at himself, "I'm not really sure. I think maybe it's not her business."

Renee felt a small stab of anger; she wanted to be more important than that, than to be someone Ray didn't talk about. It felt weird. She thought a little, and let her mind wander while Ray looked at her. Her small anger faded. Then her thoughts came together.

Renee knew what she wanted, right there. She said, "Can you take me home? Do we have time?"

Ray looked around, and said, "Sure. We've only been here a half hour, we've got all that time to go. No problem." He laughed, a low, friendly laugh, and mimicked his daughter's voice: "No prob."

Renee said, "One second, I'll be right back." She got up and headed for the bathroom again. When she got inside, she hiked up her skirt and pulled off her panties. Wrapping them up, she tucked them into an inner pocket in her coat. She knew she was going to freeze her ass off for a minute or two, but it would be worth it. She considered, then decided to go ahead with the rest of it, and reaching behind her, she unhooked her bra and pulled it out of one sleeve. It was luckily a thin, filmy thing, and she managed to fold it well enough to slip it in a front pocket so it didn't peek out. She buttoned her coat up and walked out. 

When she got out, Ray was gone. She saw his drink was there; so he was around. The chirpy, happy girl yelled from the counter.

"Ray'll be right back in! He went out to warm up the car!"

A second later, Ray came back in. "Hey, let's wait a minute or two for the car to warm up." He sat down. Renee hesitated, then sat down too, kind of awkwardly, and very aware of not having panties on. She looked at Ray and smiled, and he smiled back, clueless. 

Renee felt sexy and hot, and more than a little naughty and evil. She managed to forget about the state of her shirt, and her bad day, and she felt warm, toasty, and naked. It was good. She had to say it.

"This is good."

Ray nodded. 

She watched him, feeling very, very naked and aware of herself, and started thinking about what she was going to do, and couldn't help herself from getting fidgety and almost itchy. She could feel herself getting wet. It felt different than anything she'd ever done before. She felt dirty and cool and special, all together. 

Renee didn't have anything with her for birth control, and she'd gone off the pill, but she had a couple of morning-afters at home for emergencies. She intended to use one of them today, for Ray. 

Ray said, "That ought to do it," and got up, holding out a hand to her. She stood up and took his hand, folding her legs carefully as she got up. They walked to the door together. 

Renee was wondering if he could see she wasn't wearing panties through her skirt when the chirpy girl yelled out.

"Bye you two!"

Ray half turned and waved casually without saying anything. At the car he did the same thing as before, holding the door and helping her in. When he got in Renee tucked her skirt carefully. She didn't want to tip him off too soon. 

They pulled out of the lot, a plain lot in a kind of mall-ish thing along a former county road, and Renee knew where she was, and where they were going. After a few minutes, when she knew they were getting close to a small, private forest preserve, she raised a finger and pointed.

"Pull in at the sign."

Ray turned. "What?"

She raised her eyebrows and said, "Pull in. Let's go park."

Ray hesitated, looked at her, looked at her again, and at the last second, did what she said and pulled into the preserve. She scanned the lot, taking her time, and pointed again, at a small parking place off in a little pulloff. 

"Over there."

Ray did it. 

When the car was fully stopped, and they were sitting still, Ray turned to Renee and was about to say something when she cut in. 

Shimmying in a good humored way she said, "Chicky-chicky wow wow." 

Ray burst out laughing, head back, and Renee laughed with him. When she unbuttoned her coat, and could see she wasn't wearing a bra, he stopped laughing and stared at her. She undid a few buttons on her ash stained blouse, showing off, and shoved up, patting her seat. Ray looked down, and she knew he could see she didn't have anything on under the skirt. 

Ray leaned over and kissed her on the mouth.

That was it. Renee felt herself go almost crazy. She didn't know why, exactly, and didn't think about it. The rescue, the coffee, the fireplace, she didn't care why. She muttered, almost to herself, "It doesn't matter." 

Then they were wrestling on the seat like a couple of 18 year olds, and Renee was trying to position herself somehow when Ray, with unexpected power, lifted her up and off the seat, moved himself over, and set her down on him. She was straddling him on the passenger seat, the windows already fogging up, and as Ray's seat went back she clasped her arms around his neck and kissed him. 

Renee rocked herself on his crotch, almost giggling from delight at the feeling, and Ray hiked up her skirt and palmed her ass with both hands. His hands were warm, very nearly hot, and she wriggled in anticipation of fucking him. She unbuttoned a couple more buttons on her blouse, and reared up so Ray could kiss her breasts and nipples. His lips brushing her breasts sent a shock through her chest and up into her face, and she felt her cheeks flush. It made her feel uncomfortably hot, but not in a sweaty way, and she shrugged off the rest of her coat, leaving her in nothing but a blouse open to her waist and the thin office skirt. She was damn near naked, breasts and ass open to Ray's hands and body, and for whatever reason his having his clothes on made her feel even more sexual and dirty. 

"Fuck me," she said, forcefully, and pressed herself on his cock. She could feel him through his trousers, and the hardness against her soft body made her pussy wet. She raised up and slammed on him a little, and the feeling made her exhale in an almost embarrassing grunt.

"UH!"

She went soaking wet and had to grab his neck, nibbling, and then she bit him, not hard, but enough to make him gasp. He put his hand on the back of her head and pressed her close, and she moved herself against him, squirming and feeling more and more worked up. When he pulled back and kissed her mouth, she tasted the coffee and caramel flavor, and the taste and smell made her weirdly comfortable but dizzy, a confusing feeling of rightness and wrongness. She grabbed for his belt and pants. She wanted him inside her.

He cupped her breasts, stroking and rubbing gently, and she pressed her boobs against his hands while she extricated his cock. When she had him all the way out, she grasped the entire shaft with one hand and wrapped another around his neck to hold them close. 

She lifted up, a little, held him, and slipped onto him, just a little, and moved up and down. She felt him inhale with a whooshing noise, and the sound made her smile. Then she lowered herself, gently, until he was inside her as far as she could get him in their position, held tight together. Renee let herself get accustomed, while Ray made an obviously involuntary effort to get deeper into her. She liked it, but held herself up a little bit, and turned his head to kiss his mouth while she fucked him. 

It felt fantastic and her head got whirly. She could feel her ditzy little jewelry move, and hear her rings and necklaces clink, but she could also feel the gold cross, an important and antique family piece her grandmother had given her, pressing and poking between her breasts, and for whatever reason the sensation made her feel fiery and beautiful. 

Ray leaned forward, holding her close, and the angle made him move deeper inside her. She moved some more, shifting carefully, waiting and maintaining the moment. It was good, too good to rush, too good for a car seat quickie. Renee wanted it and, she realized, at that moment she wanted Ray.

She closed her eyes and pressed against him, tight, feeling her breasts pillow on his shirt. It felt special and sexual. She could feel the fabric against her nipples, pushing and sliding, and she got really, seriously wet brushing against him. He relaxed his arms, enough so she could lean back and face him. She opened her eyes and watched his face, while she positioned in a way that allowed her to press up and down, slipping him in and out of her body. It felt fantastic, and watching Ray's face was so enjoyable to her she couldn't help but smile. 

He reached out and caressed her nipples and cupped the undersides of her breasts, and she squirmed in his hands. She lifted up, almost all the way out, and then slipped firmly back down, taking him inside her, enveloping his cock in her warmth.

Renee knew it was good; it was way good. It was the kind of thing that made people crazy. She had to move some more, fucking Ray, and she managed to find the room to spread her knees a bit and get him deeper into her. She bit her lip and closed her eyes, breathing heavily. Ray reached up and touched her face, placing a palm on her cheek and side of of her face. It was a gentle, sensual gesture, and it made her feel emotional and special. She leaned in and kissed him again, and when she did he lifted her a little and pushed into her. She got flushed and excited, or more so, and couldn't help making a noise. Ray did it again, kissing her mouth, and she could hear herself making quick little sounds, uncontrollable and vocal. It felt a little embarrassing but she knew Ray wouldn't care. 

Renee had a shocking feeling that radiated from her belly and made her gasp and squirm when it hit her, and she had to clutch Ray close. He kept lifting her, carefully and gently, but she could feel a desire in his body through his hands and through his movements. Ray tilted forward, fucking her, and Renee got her knees up around his waist, and he got all the way inside her. 

It did it. Ray wrapped one arm around her waist, holding her, and put the other behind her head and rocked her up and down, slipping easily in, retreating, then in again. Renee felt it hit, a small but piercing spark, and then she had what she had to think was a delightful and small orgasm. It was a friendly little thing, pleasurable and nice, making her toes tingle and her body tremble just slightly. She pulled Ray over her, and when he moved in her she had another one, a quiet, perfect effect. It wasn't earth-shaking or anything, but she loved the experience. She loved it.

Then the thought shot through her head, and made her scared, more than a little, when she felt herself use the thought-word 'love', and she opened her eyes to look at Ray for... she didn't know what. Ray was looking at her eyes, not intently but with a certain kind of interest and shine, and she felt reassured and special again. He kept moving in her, and that felt very good, although Renee figured she was done coming for the time being. Now she wanted Ray to have his. She wanted that very badly, to do that nice thing, to provide him with the warmth of her body and to allow him inside her in that intimate way. 

Renee got more physical, deliberately fucking this time. She wanted Ray to come. She pushed and wriggled and slammed on him, watching his face until she could see it behind his eyes, knew it was right there and ready. She shifted her feeling, somehow, to where she wanted to, and closed her eyes to enjoy the sensation fully, moving her center to where Ray was about to come. She concentrated, and knew it was as good as these things got.

The focus in her body moved her around and made her sway, and as her breasts heaved on her chest Ray touched her again, there. She knew she felt great, she felt emotional and solid and one, and it was awesome. It was awesome, and she fell back, facing Ray, and looked at his face. It was nice, and cozy. Cozy. She felt cozy and together and it was awesome. He was about to come. It was in his eyes. She wanted to say something, meant to say something, and 

CRACK

It hit her so hard it sucked the oxygen out of her and slammed her head into the inside glass. She heard the 'thump' but didn't feel it at all. Her hand flipped out and slammed into the steering wheel, and she barely heard the cartoonish 'beep' of the horn as it knocked her out of her body. She had the tiniest fragment of time to think she hadn't realized how worked up she'd been, she was, to have this happen and

CRACK

Fuck! It was like a ball being slammed out of a stadium, it was so hard and the blood made a high-pitched shriek in her head. She lost control of her body, totally and completely, and was looking down at herself, and 

CRACK

She slammed into Ray, feeling his hard, pounding cock coming inside her soft, welcoming, yielding body, his hands on her, and then-

Renee blacked out. 

"Renee?"

She heard it down a tunnel. It reverberated and pinwheeled in her head along with the pounding blood circulating in wavy gyrations, making spots inside her eyelids. She fought to open her eyes, and Ray had his face close to hers, looking down at her, holding her carefully. He shook her, gently, and said her name again. 

"Renee."

She could feel he wasn't inside her anymore, and she was sitting kind of crossways on his lap with her legs pulled up. He was cradling her.

She fought her eyes open, and when she could see fully again, she saw Ray's worried face. She tried to think, but couldn't, and had to wait it out, watching his concerned expression with growing amusement as her thoughts cohered again. 

Ray said, "Are you okay?"

Renee had to fight to put words together, but finally managed to speak. However, she didn't say what she was thinking, or trying to formulate at all, but instead said something she must have been feeling in her chest, or maybe in her heart. 

She said, clearly and firmly, "I want you to tell your wife."