 I stopped by my brother Will's apartment to return some money that he'd lent me. On my way there I ran into one of his roommates, David I think, on his way out with a group of people. He said that Will was at work right now, but I could either wait in the apartment or just leave the money. I wanted to be sure that the money made it into Will's hands, so I opted to wait. David said that Paul would let me in and hurried off with his friends.

I rang the doorbell and Paul let me in. I had to make a conscious effort to keep my jaw from dropping at the sight of Paul. He had obviously been working out because he was dressed in a muscle shirt and shorts. His body glistened with sweat. I had had no idea that he was so well built. I had only met Paul a couple of time before and he was always in sweats.

I asked Paul, "Do you mind if I wait for Will to get home from work?"

"Not at all. I could use a break."

"Don't stop on my account. You don't need to keep me company, I'm a big girl. Besides, I wouldn't want to ruin your workout."

"I don't mind. I was almost done anyway. Would you like something to drink?"

"Sure. Whatever you're having."

My eyes follow Paul out of the room. When he is out of sight I have to take a deep breath. I am starting to have a wonderful idea of how to kill time waiting for Will.

I take off my jacket and look down at my outfit. I am very glad that I was wearing the button-down shirt and tight jeans which showed off my legs nicely. I undid another button, revealing the tops of my breasts. I sat down on the couch and waited for Paul to return with my drink.

When he returned Paul was wearing his usual sweats again, much to my disappointment. I comforted myself with the thought that soon he would be wearing even less than what I had seen a few minutes ago. He handed me a beer and sat down on a chair across from me.

We start off with small talk. Polite 'getting to know you better' conversation. Before too long I bring up the ever important question, does he have a girlfriend...

"Not at the moment," he replies in a disheartening tone. "My girlfriend dumped me a few weeks ago."

'Yes, I can play the sympathy card,' I think to myself, but to him I say, "I'm sorry to hear that. It is her loss. She has obviously made a huge mistake. What girl wouldn't want you?"

"That's very kind of you, but I can't be all that desirable if she dumped me. You got that question wrong, what girl would want me?"

"Any girl would be luck to have you for a boyfriend. I can tell that you are a caring, sensitive guy. That is hard to find these days, believe me, I've been looking for one myself."

"You're just saying that."

"No I'm not. Come here," I pat the space next to me on the couch. He comes over and sits next to me. I turn to face him, take one of his hands in mine, and look him straight in the eyes. "You are an intelligent, good looking man who will make some lucky girl very happy."

Paul leans over and gives me a big hug. "Thank you. That's just what I needed to hear." 

"I'm glad that I could help." I say as I rub my hands up and down his back.

He pulls out of the hug and kisses me. It is a very soft, tender questioning kiss.

He pulls back and turns away, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that."

I bring his face back towards mine. I caress his face and kiss him. My kiss is hungry, passionate and wet. It doesn't take long for Paul to respond. 

Suddenly he pulls back, "We can't do this, you're my roommate's sister." 

"Like I said before, I'm a big girl. I'm his big sister. And I want to do this."

I kiss Paul again and lay back on the couch, pulling him on top of me. I bring his hands up to caress my breasts. This is the last bit of encouragement. He moves to kiss my neck and moves down my chest. He slowly unbuttons my shirt, kissing the newly exposed skin. He kisses my left breast through my bra while he fondles the right one. I sit up a bit so that I can unfasten the bra and remove it. Paul immediately resumes suckling my breasts. 

It occurs to me that Will could come in and ruin my fun if we stay in the living room, so I suggest that we move to Erick's room. I grab my clothes and follow him to his room. As soon as the door is closed and locked we latch on to each other. I pull his shirt off and run my hands down his well defined torso until I reach his pants. I hear a quick intake of breath as I start to pull down his pants. I slide his pants down to the floor and he steps out of them. 

While I'm down there I am able to admire the effects of my seduction. Paul's cock is standing at attention. I reach out and hold him in my hand. I slowly jack him and he sighs. I glance up at this face and his eyes are closed. Keeping my eyes on his face my mouth closes around his cock. His eyes pop open and he moans. He clearly wasn't expecting that. (My brother still believes that I am an innocent virgin who knows nothing of sex. I had assumed that he has told this to his roommates, and now that belief is confirmed.)

I spend several minutes licking and sucking Paul's cock. I can tell that my pussy is soaking wet by now. I can't wait any longer. I need to feel this cock inside me. Reluctantly I withdraw my mouth from his cock. I stand up, placing my hands on my breasts, cup them, and continue on down to my pants. I unzip my pants and push them, along with my panties, to the floor. 

As I step out of my pants I move to the bed. I lay down and beckon Paul to join me. He practically jumps onto the bed on top of me. He starts kissing my entire body, working his way lower with every kiss. When he reaches my pussy I just about come. I am so turned on already that I don't know how long I can hold out. He latches onto my clit and just when I am about to lose control he slides two fingers into my hole. That does it. I come, loud and hard. Paul quickly clamps a hand over my mouth to silence my screams. Slowly my body begins to relax and my breathing slows down a bit.

Paul lays down next to me with a huge grin on his face. We spend a minute just laying there, touching gently. Soon I take a hold of his cock and gently pull him towards me. "Got a condom?" I whisper in his ear. "You sure?" he asks. "Couldn't be surer. Now hurry up." He reaches into his nightstand and pulls out a condom and quickly puts it on. "Now fuck me." 

This is the last bit of encouragement that he needs. With one thrust he is buried deep inside my cunt. I moan loudly. His cock feels amazing after the months I've been without a boyfriend. I feel so filled. He starts out with long, slow strokes, but soon he picks up the pace and we are grinding against each other. Both desperate for release. I claw at his back, digging my nails into his flesh. He grunts with each thrust and I counter him with my moans. As my pleasure vocalizations grow louder Paul leans down and kisses me. Deep hungry kisses. I can feel that I am close to cumming again. I pull out of the kiss to say, "I'm gonna cum. Cum with me." He starts pumping faster as my muscles start to spasm I feel the first spurt of cum through the condom. I ride my orgasm out, loving every second of it. Paul collapses on top of me, spent. Slowly he pulls out of me and disposes of the condom. When he lies down again I kiss him. 

"Thank you. That was the perfect way to spend the afternoon." I get up and begin getting dressed. "I'm going to use the bathroom and get cleaned up a little. You might want to do the same. Won't Will be home soon?"

He bolts up, "Oh shit. What have I done?"

"Nothing you didn't want to do. And something that I definitely wanted to do, and hope to do again in the future." I blow him a kiss and leave to try to clean up a bit.

When I emerge from the bathroom Paul is back on the couch watching TV. I sit down next to him. As soon as I get comfortable Will walks into the apartment.

"Hey sis. What are you doing here?"

"Just waiting for you. I wanted to return some money I owed you."

"Have you been waiting long?"

"Just a little while. Paul has been very good company though. He is a very good host."

"Well I'm glad to hear that." He comes closer and says quieter, "he didn't try anything did he? I know that he's been a little lonely since he got dumped."

"I can assure you that he didn't try anything offensive."

"That's good to know. Hey Paul, maybe I should leave you alone with my sister more often."

"Whatever you say pal," Paul replies.

I hand Will his money and head towards the door. I turn back and say to Paul, "Thanks for being such good company. I'll see you soon." I wink at him and step outside. This was probably the best afternoon that I have ever had at that apartment. One that I plan on repeating as soon as possible.