 Author's note: the following story is purely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental. The author wishes to express his gratitude to Copperbutterfly for her editing to make this a better story.

The night was young when I left the house. The sun was still up, although it was far to the west and would be below the horizon in another hour. It had become my habit to leave every Friday evening for a little entertainment and relaxation for myself.

Several years ago as a hobby and to work off the frustrations of a 9-to-5 job that I hated but which paid the bills, I bought an old house and began working on renovating it. I had grown up working for my dad in the construction business, mostly working on individual residential houses, so I had some familiarity with the building process. This time I applied those skills to houses that were already built but had deteriorated somewhat over the years and were in need of some tender loving care.

As it turned out, my city had a plethora of old row houses, buildings that in their day had been quite nice but had little upkeep applied to them over the years. I had to be careful about what I bought, since many of them were money holes: termites had eaten away the foundations and joists to the point that it would cost more to repair than to tear down and build from scratch. Others at least had been treated for the little wood eaters and were still solid enough, so all they needed was cosmetic or minor repairs or, in some cases, a little redesign work to become very nice homes again.

I spent 12 to 18 months working on each treasure, doing most of the work myself on nights or weekends, taking out a lot of my frustrations with a hammer on wood that didn't strike back. The only things I didn't do myself was plumbing and electrical work; I hired a subcontractor for those items. By the time I finished each project, I was able to sell it for two to five times what I paid for them. Since I lived in each house while I was working on it that meant that I moved a lot but I enjoyed the work.

Two years ago, I had made enough money with the renovations that I was able to thumb my nose at my boss, tell him where he could stick his shitty job (where the sun don't shine) and lived on what I made with the renovations.

I was now four weeks into my latest project, a four-story brownstone in a middle-class neighborhood. It looked terrible because the last owner had rented it out as a multi-family dwelling and then he had spent virtually nothing on its upkeep. By the time I looked at it, he had no tenants because nobody wanted to live in it. He finally agreed to a price that was far below what it should have brought, if he had kept it in decent shape.

Having moved in the first week, I began work in the basement with some shimming work to level the floors again, a not too difficult task with some rented jacks and a project that made a world of difference in the floors all the way to the top level. Of course it had taken me two days just to get enough junk out of the basement to get to the joists that required shimming!

My plan called for some realignment of rooms on the first and second floors, changing three rooms into two on both floors. The other rooms on both floors would remain as is but would be insulated and dry-walled before being repainted. New light fixtures and carpet would make a world of difference.

Since this was my own work on my own time and because I enjoyed the work, I often put in 12 to 14 hours at work. I knocked off when I felt like it, took time to prepare myself three good meals a day, and generally enjoyed life as my own boss. However I did leave Friday nights open, usually knocking off about four o'clock to use the sunken tub in the basement for relaxing my muscles. Then after a nice dinner, I'd go out for a few drinks before calling it a night.

With a busy avenue just two blocks over from my street, I had found a nice little neighborhood bar that I could walk to for my down time. They had a couple of billiards tables and I had played a couple of times. The bartender was friendly, if the place was not too busy, and we had talked enough to be comfortable with each other. The clientele was mostly local and he seemed to know most everyone who came in, based on his greetings with their names. There was a jukebox that was frequented by many of the patrons but, since it specialized in C&W music, it wasn't so loud you couldn't hold a conversation, even though I didn't know many people to speak to. Still I tried to be friendly when people came by.

I am a people watcher, I admit it. I like to watch people and see the things they do, so if the bartender was busy, I'd turn around and watch the customers. There frequently were one or two couples on the small dance floor. Or someone would be standing at the jukebox dancing while they tried to decide on tunes to play. Or they'd be waltzing around the pool tables with each other. Some just sat at the tables or booths scattered around the bar, nursing one kind of drink or another. It all made for interesting watching, especially seeing who was watching whom.

This Friday was like most others. There were a group of blue collar type males at a couple of tables near the back; they kept one of the pool tables going and the little waitress spent a lot of her time bringing them new beers. Three booths were occupied by couples talking in low tones. Another booth and a table were in use by two couples each, laughing and drinking together. A group of four women sat at another table huddled closely together, drinking and laughing but keeping a close eye on other people too. I noticed a few glances come my way. Two other single guys occupied stools at the bar besides me but neither of them seemed inclined to talk.

Finally a few minutes after eleven, I decided I had had enough. I paid my bill, said goodnight to Lon, the bartender, and headed for the door. Standing just outside, I drank in the cool, refreshing night air and slowly turned toward home. I wasn't in a hurry, because the night felt great and I wanted to soak it in.

I had strolled less than a half block when I became aware of soft footsteps rapidly approaching from behind me. I turned to look, spotting a smallish figure hurrying in my direction. It wasn't until the figure passed under one of the rare street lamps that I could tell it was one of the four women from the table at the bar. I waited to see if she was coming after me or going to pass.

"Hi," she said. "Are you going up Turner Street?"

"Yeah, for a couple of blocks."

"Oh? Me, too. I thought I'd walk with you, if you don't mind."

"Heck, no, I don't mind! I never mind keeping company with a pretty lady." I smiled at her to show that I was only semi-serious.

"Oh, hell, honey. I know I'm past the pretty days. But it sounds good to hear anyway. Thanks. My name is Toni Lee."

I stuck out my hand to take her proffered one. "Hi. I'm Gene Hicks. How are you?"

We started slowly walking side by side the same direction I had started.

"I guess I'm feeling no pain, sugar. I had a couple of drinks and I was beginning to feel them. So I decided it was time to stop. Hey, mind if I ask ... I haven't seen you in this neighborhood very much. Are you new here?"

"Yeah, I just moved in about a month ago. I bought a house on 24th that I'm in the process of remodeling."

"Oh? Is that the old Hampton place?"

"Uh ... I don't know. I've never heard it called that. It's the third house around the corner. Are you familiar with it?"

"Oh, yeah. That's the place that old man Moody rented out, isn't it? A four story? Yeah, he let that place get so run down nobody wanted to live there. So what are you doing with it?"

"Well, I've leveled up the floors, moved some walls on the first and second floors so some rooms are bigger, added a new bathroom in the basement and pulled off a lot of bad paneling. I will be adding insulation and new drywall to almost everything and replacing most of the windows. I haven't decided yet just what I'm going to do to the outside but I want to at least clean it up some. A lot of the plumbing and electrical will be upgraded as I go along too."

"Wow! You're really putting some work into it. I'll bet it's going to look nice when you finish. Are you living in it while you work on it?"

"Yeah. Right after I got the floors leveled, I did a lot of work on the master bedroom so I'd have a place to live while I work."

"I'll bet it looks nice. I'd like to see what you're doing with it."

"Well, that's not a problem. Would you like to come on down now? Some of it is a mess but I'll show you what I've got done."

"Sure! I'd love to."

We turned the corner at 24th and went to the third house. I held her hand on the way up the steps and across the porch, pointing out some places to avoid until I could get those repairs made. I unlocked the wrought-iron outer doors to get to the old oak-and-glass French doors. One of these days, they would be something to look at but not yet.

Leading Toni into the foyer, I flipped on the overhead light and said, "Be careful. I'm still working in this area."

We walked into the living room, which still had a long way to go. I explained my plans and she listened intently. We moved next to the family room, which I had enlarged to nearly twice its original size but some of the walls were only studs on footers and headers so it was a little hard to visualize. However she seemed to understand the plan and liked it.

We went into the kitchen, which was further along and usable but still required a lot of the finishing touches and the appliances would be replaced later. As I described the way it would look, she exclaimed excitedly that she loved the plan and the way I describe it. She said that she wanted an invitation to see it when it was finished. I assured her that she could come back at any time.

After that we went down the hall to the master bedroom, which was one of the rooms that I had enlarged by knocking out a non-load-bearing wall. I had spent quite a bit of time working on this room, and it was virtually complete, needing only the new carpet for the finishing touches. I had installed a new suite of furniture, heavy oak construction with a king-sized four-poster bed. The attached bathroom was gigantic, with a dressing area, an oversized shower. It had a big garden tub, with whirlpool jets, large enough to hold several people.

Toni gushed over the suite. She thought the bathroom was absolutely luxurious, which was the reaction I had hoped for. And she looked longingly at my big bed.

"I'd ... uh, would you mind if I ... uh, tried the bed?"

"Nope. Help yourself. Let me know what you think."

She dove into the middle of the bed. When her knee-length skirt rode up to mid-thigh, for not the first time I thought about how sexy a woman she was. She was perhaps a little short for my tastes, probably no more than 5' 4" or so, and with what appeared to be nicely large breasts, a nice round bottom, and somewhat muscular legs, she had a sort of stocky appearance. Yet she was attractive and the overall effect was very nice. When I got a whiff of her sweet perfume, I began to have less-than-pure thoughts about Toni.

She wiggled around on my bed, as if she was laying in fresh snow forming snow angels, and she chattered about how good it felt. She said, "I'd like to sleep here sometime."

I laughed. "Well, my dear, you can sleep with me anytime."

It was her turn to laugh. "Don't make statements you're not prepared to back up," she said with some feeling.

"Oh, be assured I'm prepared to back it up, Toni."

She stared into my eyes for a few moments. Then crooking her index finger, she motioned for me to join her.

"Are you sure? You might be starting something you don't want."

"No way, honey! Come here and I'll show you."

I climbed on the bed and slowly leaned over her. Her lips parted just before we met and the kiss was soft and wet and delicious. After a few moments, her tongue slowly snaked into my mouth and mine met hers. For several minutes, they dueled in one mouth and then the other. My hands roved over her arms and shoulders and finally held the side of her face. It was some time before I realized her hands were roving over my body as well. At first it was just my arms and shoulders but then she moved down my back and began tugging on my butt.

I stretched out beside Toni. Looking into her eyes, my fingers began unfastening buttons on her blouse. Her smiling expression didn't change, except that her eyes appeared to be more languid. Her fingers began working my shirt up and over my head. I pulled her up to meet my kiss again while my hands met behind her, working the three clasps of her bra free.

As I eased her bra from her shoulders and discarded it, I realized just how big her breasts really were. Although I had rather large hands, they could not contain all of her large globes. Not that I was complaining – I dearly love big tits! Gently I rubbed my fingertips over her left globe, savoring the softness of her skin and the warmth on the bottom side. Her nipple, a dark crimson color stood tall and hard, giving testimony to her horniness. I moved my lips from hers to her nipple and sucked it into my mouth, listening to her sigh as I did.

After spending several minutes going back and forth between her two breasts, kissing and licking and sucking them each, I focused my attention on her skirt. It wasn't too difficult to unfasten it and she lifted her hips to let me slide it and her panties down her legs, after which I let her remove my pants and shorts.

Kissing my way down her tanned body, I noticed her legs were at first clamped tightly together but the closer I got to her core, the wider her legs parted. By the time I got to Toni's thighs, I had no problems attending to first one and then the other. She ran her fingers through my hair and tugged at me several times, attempting to pull my face into her apex before I finally settled in to licking her lacy, fleshy pussy lips.

Toni began moaning and squirming in ecstasy shortly after my tongue touched her pussy, suggesting that she might not have had a lover for some time. Either that, or she was a really horny woman. Her hands maneuvered my head around to the spots where she wanted attention and I gave them to her. She lasted maybe three minutes before she exploded with a gush of sweet tasting liquid flooding my face.

I set about to see if I could make it happen again but she tugged my ears and whispered, "Please fuck me, babe!"

That was a request I could not ignore. I crawled up into her saddle and let her guide my throbbing cock into her soft, wet tunnel. As I plunged in to press our pubic bones together, I lowered my mouth to hers and let her taste her own juices from my face as we kissed. Although I started moving at the pace of an oil well pump, she soon had me thrusting hard and fast, matching my rhythm by thrusting her hips up to meet me each time so that we smacked together loudly. I had to recall the smell of rotten eggs to turn away my too early ejaculation.

I managed to stave off my orgasm long enough to watch Toni explode again, her pussy grasping my cock in a vise-like grip. That was the end for me and I shot hot cum into her depths time and time again, filling her until my sticky white seed began to drip out of her core. I bent down and locked lips with her until my muscles were screaming and would no longer hold me up. Then I rolled to her side and we snuggled together to enjoy the afterglow of a great fuck.

I think I dozed off for a few minutes although when I woke up, Toni was nuzzled up to my chest watching me. Her hands were around my limp penis but it didn't stay that way long. I began to grow stiff soon after she started to rub me. I kissed her and massaged her tit and quickly grew hard again. She grinned knowingly and turned onto her face. Slowly her knees drew up, forcing her lush round bottom into the air. I didn't need a roadmap to know where to go!

Resting on my knees behind her and holding one hip, I guided my spear into her target. She was still wet and heat emanated from her core like a little wood-burning stove. Sinking into her with the first stroke, I savored the wonderful feeling of being encased in a willing woman again. There is nothing in this world like that feeling.

Since I'd already cum recently, there was no urgency this time. I began slowly working my cock out and back in, holding her hips or rubbing her smoothly curved back or massaging her hanging tits while I moved. Occasionally I felt her hand squeezing my balls or stroking her clit while I fucked her. Toni had a series of small orgasms that kept her moaning and shuddering around my tool. It was well into the early morning when I again felt my balls contract and I shot a fresh load of hot seed into her pussy. That seemed to drive Toni over the edge again and she had another intense climax.

We both dropped to the mattress side-by-side, huffing and puffing. When she caught her breath, she tossed one arm over me and pulled herself up to look at me. Then she planted a super-soft wet kiss on my lips.

"I think I'd better get dressed and start home," she said.

"I'd like for you to stay, if you would," I replied, hoping she would spend the night.

"You sure you don't mind?"

It was my turn to plant a soft, wet kiss on her lips. "Mind? I'd be crazy to let you go."

She turned to face me and we settled together, her head resting on my outstretched arm. We were both soon asleep.

I don't know how many times I woke up that night, but it was more than once. Each time we wound up screwing again. Even when I awoke with light streaming into the room and I figured it was time to get up, Toni stretched out her arms and spread her legs, inviting me back to the warmth of her pussy and I couldn't resist. I began to think I was not going to be able to do her justice that last time, although I did finally get her over the edge one more time and a few minutes later, mustered one last orgasm myself, although my load of cum was down to a bare trickle.

After a quick and relatively chaste shower together, we had breakfast and Toni left to go home. However she didn't get away before I asked her to visit me the following Friday. She agreed to meet me at the same bar again for drinks and we would see whatever happened after that. It turned out that Toni and I got together every Friday for the next three weeks, first for drinks at the bar and then, after a pleasant walk home, another night of hot sex.

The fourth Friday when we met, I sensed that something was a little different. Toni and her friends seemed positively giddy. She had already introduced me to Helen, Barb, and Laurie so that we were all on first name basis. When I greeted the four of them, they all waved and giggled hysterically. I wondered what was funny. A few minutes later, Toni brought her drink and joined me at one of the smaller tables, where we talked intimately for a while. I asked Toni why the group seemed to be laughing more than usual and she waved it off as the group having more jokes to tell each other than normal.

After we had nursed a couple of drinks each and passed time talking about everything under the sun and some that weren't, we decided it was time to head home. I have to admit that I was ready long before that, my cock having been hard and throbbing for the past 90 minutes or so, caused in no small part by Toni frequently leaning over far enough to show me most of her heavy tits only lightly confined in a low cut, loose blouse.

Having been ultimately intimate for the last three Fridays, it felt normal to hold her hand and stop every so often for a sweet kiss on the way home. Still I had a funny feeling as we walked along, as if we were being followed but, whenever I looked back, there was nothing out of the ordinary to be seen. Not until I had unlocked the front door and held it open for Toni.
