 Her movements were slow, deliberate, and skilled. She had almost finished the job. As she bent forward, the top of her coveralls gaped to reveal more of the sports bra. The tight red material emphasized the curve of her breasts. Eric watched her intently. She did not notice his voyeuristic presence over the noise of the vacuum and her sanding. 

The ad had read: "RENO ANNIE: Help with small jobs around the house. Painting. Plastering. Carpentry. Seniors discount. Call Annie 555-2669"

Eric had purchased the mobile home shortly after his divorce. Most of the outside repair work he had done himself. He had rebuilt the deck, replaced the skirting, and painted the outside. The leaking roof he had professionally replaced. However, he needed help with the interior. The previous owner had redone the kitchen and the bathroom and these only needed repainting but the damage from the leaking roof, to the hall and living room ceilings and walls was beyond his abilities. He called Annie.

When she arrived at his door he was immediately impressed. She was a perky, tanned, brunette in her mid forties. She had a confident, professional air about her. After telling him exactly what she could do, the materials needed, and the time required, she produced two estimates. The first price was for $550. The second was for $100 less. Eric inquired about the second price.

"Well sir, that price is if you help me remove and replace the drywall pieces," Annie said.

"That seems like a fair bargain," he responded. "I could help with that. When could you start?"

Annie began the work the following Monday. Since the job was small, it was agreed that she would arrive late in the afternoon after she had finished her other jobs and work only for a couple of hours each day. After the first two visits, a friendship was developing. The two had found some common bonds. Both were single and lived alone. Both had been divorced and had a deep mistrust of relationships. Both were uncomfortable in the presence of strangers. Yet, they were able to talk freely and openly to one another. They even bantered about sex. Often they talked more than they worked. 

Eric had found other drywall repairs for Annie to do around the house and extended her visits to almost a week. However, it was obvious that this Friday afternoon would be the last day that he would see Annie. There was nothing left for her to do. He watched her kneeling figure as she finished sanding the last plaster repair and felt a pang of sadness. Without thinking, he reached over and flicked off the vacuum cleaner.

"Hey! What the..." she turned in his direction. "Was there a power failure or something?"

For a brief second, Eric did not know what to say. Then he nervously blurted out, "No. No Annie, not anything like that. I just wanted to ask if you would stay for a bite to eat after you finished."

Annie smiled and laughed. "I thought you would be happy to be rid of me when I finished this afternoon. After all, I do make a mess." Her words and honest smile were disarming.

"Well, I think I'm going to miss you and if you..." His voice trailed off, he bit his lip and then started again. "The meal would not be anything special, except...ah...except if you agreed to stay." Then after a slight hesitation he quickly added, "That is if you don't have somewhere to go or something to do."

"Eric, that's sweet of you. No, I don't have anything planned, but I'm filthy"

"You could shower here," Eric quickly countered.

"Mmmm...Well I do have a change of clothes in my truck..."

Annie was feeling giddy and risque. The two glasses of wine they had consumed cleaning up before she fetched her clothes from her truck had lowered her inhibitions. She threw caution to the wind and purposefully left the bathroom door ajar. She leaned over the sink and carefully examined her face in the mirror. Annie rubbed some of the plaster dust from her nose and glanced at the reflection of her breasts. She had heard Eric's footsteps in the hall while she undressed. The thought that he might be looking at her now thrilled Annie. Each day that she had been in the house, she had noticed how Eric had taken more and more of an interest in her. She liked his attentions. He was kind, gracious, and polite. Unlike the men in her past, he seemed to respect her for her abilities and her mind. Annie enjoyed their conversations and had dragged out the time spent each day in Eric's house. She didn't like to leave. Each night the feelings of excitement that she felt when she was with Eric lingered over the drive home to her empty apartment. She realized she enjoyed his friendship, but even more, she really enjoyed the man.

The reflection in the mirror showed her hardening nipples. A feeling of excited tension was growing in her stomach and Annie felt the warmth growing between her thighs. "Eric, I'm going to need another towel." The words were out of her mouth before she even realized it. Anxiety and exhilaration filled her body as she clung to the vanity countertop for support.

Eric was busy in the kitchen preparing diner and trying not to think of a naked Annie just a few feet away. The request for another towel caught him completely off guard. He was sure that he had placed two extra towels and a washcloth on the bathroom counter. "Oh sure," he paused and then continued hesitantly, "I'll be right there." He turned off the stove and headed into the hallway toward the bathroom.

As Eric rummaged through the linen closet beside the bathroom, he glimpsed the image of Annie's naked back in the mirror. He grabbed a towel and pushed it through the opening in the doorway. "Annie, here is your other towel."

A warm hand grabbed his wrist and pulled him and the towel inside the bathroom. "I saw you peeking through the doorway. You dirty old man, did you enjoy the view?" she said with a laugh as she dropped the towel on the floor. Eric blushed and looked down. His gaze fell to her pelvis and he watched as the fingers of her left hand slowly rubbed her neatly trimmed pubic hair. She moved closer to him. He could feel her body heat. Annie's right hand reached out, touched his chin, and tilted his head towards her lips. The kiss was warm, lingering, and sensuous.

As their lips separated, "Oh God," was all Eric could mumble. Annie didn't say a word. Instead, she smiled and slowly began to unbutton Eric's cotton, short-sleeved shirt. After tossing it to the corner, her hands moved first to Eric's belt and then to the zipper of his slacks. As she knelt and helped him remove his sandals and socks and step out of his pants, she blew across his belly and down his thighs. Eric gasped at the feel of her hot breath on his skin. Annie looked up into Eric's face and coyly smiled as she watched the tent build in his boxer shorts right before her eyes. She was pleased that her actions were having the desired effect.

"I think you're still a little over dressed," she hissed in a husky tone as her fingers slipped under the boxer's elastic and began to pull them down. Annie grinned as his dick bobbed back to attention as it slipped from the grasp of the underwear. "... Oh, and what do we have here?" A small drop of precum was building at the tip. Annie bent forward. Her tongue darted and she captured the drop. She reveled in its salty-sweet taste.

Eric stood naked, frozen like a statue in front of her. It was like a fantasy come alive. However, he didn't know how to react. He watched mesmerized as his cock disappeared beneath an array of brunette hair that still contained many flecks of plaster and a thin coating of dust. Eric felt Annie's breath against his penis. It jerked involuntarily enveloped in the hot moisture of her mouth. Annie's warm fingers surrounded the base and tugged in rhythm to her sucking. He could feel the tension beginning to build in his balls and he knew he would release soon.

Annie had liked the fact that Eric had ogled her over the past few days. The idea that he was interested in her had excited her. When she saw him looking at her in the bathroom mirror, she was thrilled and had purposefully paraded her body. Her desire to tease Eric had overcome her shyness and now she knelt before him, his manhood in her hand, his taste upon her tongue. Annie was enjoying herself. She felt Eric's body stiffen and his cock quiver as her tongue continued to flick across its tip. She circled his glans with her lips and then began to suck. Annie could feel her own wetness growing between her legs and the warmth beginning to build in her pelvis. The fingers of her left hand sought out her pussy. Her clit responded to her touch. Her breathing quickened and she sucked harder. Eric reacted with a groan and scalding hot, salty cum spurted against the roof of her mouth. The amount of his release surprised her. She could not swallow fast enough and some dribbled down the side of her mouth. Her own orgasm quickly followed.

Eric's knees wobbled as his hands reached down and grasped Annie's head. He rocked back against the vanity to steady himself. Annie's sweet sucking continued as his dick softened in her mouth. Then Eric slowly drew Annie to her feet and into his embrace. He licked the dribble of cum from her cheek. She kissed him, and then eagerly explored his mouth with her tongue. Annie ground her breasts against his chest while her pelvis writhed in serpentine fashion against his upper thighs.

Her movements intensified as Eric's fingers enthusiastically explored her back and buttocks. The fingers of one hand found her sopping pussy while the fingers of the other circled her anal rosebud. Annie broke the kiss. "Oh! Eric, baby, that feels so good. Please don't stop," she cooed. He just laughed and began to nibble on her neck and ear. She responded by spreading her legs a little and enjoyed the tingling feeling as his fingers slipped past the folds of her pussy lips. Annie squeezed her vaginal muscles against his probing fingers, rocked back and forth, and moaned. 

A series of short guttural cries came from Annie as Eric worked his fingers in her pussy. The knuckles of his curved fingers moved in circular motions against the thickness at the front of her vagina. She bucked, shuddered, and continued to grind her pelvis against his leg. He quickened his hand movements and rubbed the index finger of his other hand against her anus. She involuntary pushed back and it penetrated to the first knuckle. "Oh! Ooohhh!" was all she said and pressed harder against him. Eric worked his fingers feverishly in and out of her orifices. "Oh Jesus...Oh yes! Oh, fuck my aaassss!" Annie exclaimed as she came, covering his hands in her wetness.

They had showered together and then quietly ate in the kitchen. Eric had prepared a simple meal of pasta, chicken, and vegetables. A bottle of white wine had washed it all down and now they were enjoying some fruit and coffee in the living room. The glow of their earlier lovemaking was still upon them. "I've really enjoyed this evening, I don't want it to end," said Annie as she rested her head on Eric's shoulder. 

"Well it doesn't have to end right away does it? Do you have places to go and people to see?" inquired Eric in a light-hearted tone. 

"No, only my plants are waiting for me. I just..."

"Look, I know a little bed and breakfast that offers complimentary toothbrushes, great towel service and super wake-up calls. There have been recent upgrades to the roof and plaster, but the rooms do need a little paint. You would be welcome to join me." Eric brushed Annie's cheek with his hand and kissed her on her forehead. "The only danger is that the proprietor may not be wiling to let you go in the morning."

Annie snuggled even closer to Eric and purred, "I'm a big girl. I'm willing to take my chances."