 Being a huge fan of the late, great American artist Bill Ward and his gorgeous girlie art, I decided to pay homage to him by interpreting a few of his suggestive cartoons onto paper. 

Therefore, the following filth below is what I'd like to imagine occurred before the punchline of the cartoon. For best results, please don't skip to the end!

* * *

Lying flat on the duvet covered bed, resting on his elbows, the gentleman feasted his eyes upon the smooth, twin globes of Mrs. Wilson's ass as she teased his rigid erection by slowly gliding her wet pussy lips along its length. His cock aching to penetrate her, he nevertheless waited patiently, her pussy leaving a slick trail of cunt-honey along his throbbing erection. 

"Goddamn, Agatha," he sighed, his hands reaching along her black stocking legs each side of him, across to cup her naked ass. She then rested upon his open palms, ensnaring his cock in the process. Her velvety-wet pussy lips seemingly sucked his pulsating shaft as it oozed her excitement over and onto him, golden, glistening juice spilling over the sides of his cock. Freeing his hands, he roamed them over her curvaceous body, across her black and pink bra which she still wore, her gorgeous breasts jutting over the frilly rims. She wore her hair up, ringlets dangling free around her face as she moaned and groaned like the horny slut he knew she was.

"Scoot down," he told her, beckoning her towards him with a nod of his head. Agatha peered over her shoulders at her gentleman caller, her tongue licking lips thick with rouge-colored lipstick. "You gonna lick my pussy while I suck your big cock?" she asked him, sluttishly.

"That's what I have in mind," he smiled, he mindful of the lethal heels she wore as she edged back towards him. Taking hold of her hips, he could smell her sweet pussy as it drew closer, she dripping warm honey onto his naked chest. No sooner that her neatly shaved puss was in view did he reach for it, striking out at her wet slit with his tongue, driving it as far into her honey-pot as possible. He felt her shudder with pleasure before he felt her grip his erection. As he tongue-fucked her cunt his toes curled once he felt her mouth swallow him, she taking him between her lips as she sucked him deep into her throat. Though he couldn't see her do it, the sensation of her tongue and lips working on his prick were enough to make him moan loudly into her pussy.

"Nggggh ..." he grunted, smacking his lips against her slick, silky-wet lips, she squirming on top of him, pushing down on his mouth, fucking her cunt with his tongue as it wriggled within her like a tiny, mischievous snake. 

"Mmmm, mmmm ..!" Agatha groaned, humming on his erection as if it were a fleshy wind instrument. He felt her moan through a mouthful of cock, felt her pussy spasm before spraying his face with a generous shower of orgasmic honey. Gripping her buttocks he held her quivering body in place as he greedily lapped her climax, savoring her warm, rich nectar.

Spitting his cock from her mouth, Agatha cupped Mr. Johnson's balls, kneading them carefully. She ran her tongue across his circumcised knob, squeezing his rigid flesh between her fingers. Smacking the tip of his erection off her out-stretched tongue Agatha then sucked him deep into her mouth, slurping on his delicious man-meat which she longed to have within her.

Trailing his tongue between her velvety lips Mr. Johnson reached up to strike at Agatha's pert asshole, parting her buttocks with his fingers before licking her brown rose. She gasped in his grip, pushing her hips back to him, wanting to sit on the fucker's face. Spurned on by his lewd boldness she hurried her cock-sucking pace, bobbing her head up-and-down upon his steel flesh pole, the top of his bulbous knob prodding the back of her throat. She gagged several times but carried on regardless, as if determined to swallow every throbbing inch of him.

His tongue worked its way around her anus, her dripping pussy soaking his trimmed goatee as it tickled and brushed her gaping labia. He would have continued stabbing her asshole with his tongue had he not felt Agatha deep-throat him, her mouth bursting with his erection, her cheeks bloated, her throat stuffed. She made gagging noises as she literally choked upon his prick, her upper lip stretching to kiss his ball sac, her chin seemingly mowing his glistening pubic hair.

"Oh, fuck!" he groaned, pushing her ass up off him, he now concentrating solely on he oral administrations. Ye Gods, what that woman could do with her mouth! Slowly, he felt her release his erection, she popping him from her mouth, his cock feeling the chill once free of her hot, wet mouth. 

"Want me to fuck you, Mr. Johnson?" she asked him, sweetly.

"Fuck yeah, baby," he groaned, pleadingly. "Sit on my cock!"

Reaching underneath her Agatha took hold of his cock and, lifting her ass above him positioned the tip of his bulbous knob to her pussy. He felt thick and sticky between her fingers. Holding him steady she slowly sunk down upon him, impaling herself on his engorged prick, filling her dripping puss with big, hard cock. She let out a hiss of pleasure once he filled her to the hilt, her ass resting on two, cum-heavy balls. She looked forward to him emptying them on her later on.

"You're so big, Mr. Johnson!" Agatha said, grinding her hips down onto him, her pussy squeezing the iron-hard erection that pulsed pleasurably within her. Lifting her ass upwards, she then slammed back onto him, immediately repeating the process, building up a steady rhythm until Agatha was fucking Mr. Johnson, and fucking him hard. She let out a series of squeals and cries as his impressive prick rubbed deliciously off her clit, she reaching for it and occasionally giving it a strum.

"That's it, slut, fuck that cock," he told her, once more slipping his hands beneath her ass and lifting her upward as she bounced up and down on him. He then slapped her naked cheek, urging her on with pinches of his thumb and finger.

"Oh fuck, yes!" Agatha screamed enthusiastically. "Fuck me, fuck me, you bastard!"

"You like this big cock, do ya, slut?" he asked her, knowing too well that she did, and not only his big cock either.

"Oh yeah!" Agatha moaned, ringlets of her hair coming undone, spilling down her back. Mr. Johnson imagined her breasts wobbling frantically in front of her, and he had a sudden urge to knead them in his palms. "I love your big, fucking cock!"

"Let me see your titties," he told her, trying to throw her off with thrust of his hips. Reluctantly Agatha quit her bouncing and climbed off of him, turning round to face him. Where he lay on the bed, his fat, sticky erection stretching up the length of his stomach, he had a perfect view of Agatha's gorgeous breasts which jutted from her black and pink bra. She ran her hands over them, teasing her erect nipples, cooing with pleasure as she pinched them between thumb and finger. "I bet you'd like to fuck these, wouldn't you?" she asked him, slipping down between his legs. He answered with a grunt, watching through lust-crazed eyes as Agatha once again took his cock in hand, pulled on it once, twice, sucked upon the bulbous head, running her tongue over the pre-cum that oozed there before slipping it between her hot, smooth globes.

"Oh fuck, baby," Mr. Johnson moaned, relishing the sensation of his throbbing prick wrapped between her breasts. Even though the lacy material of her lingerie rubbed off his rigid flesh, it made the experience all the more erotic. He would have to be careful not to ejaculate there and then, for he wished to continue fucking this horny slut.

Agatha bent her head forward to lick the tip of his cock, pursing her lips around him before sucking hard. She then released him from her hot, cleavage-grip and, taking him in hand, pulled upon his cock, she then reaching below to tongue his balls. It squirmed and licked and sought out his asshole, she making yummy noises as she feasted on his undercarriage.

"Ye Gods!" he cried. "Enough! Please stop, Jesus!" Mr. Johnson wriggled from her grip, his glistening erection bobbing sensitively next to his stomach. Agatha giggled, pressing her breasts together, giving him an innocent look, as if butter, let alone his cock, wouldn't melt in her mouth.

"C'mere!" he called her, gripping her ankles and flipping her onto her back. She let out a cry of surprise. Holding onto her feet, Mr. Johnson moved into position, placing the top of his mushroomed dome against her slippery pussy lips.

"Put it in!" she groaned, reaching down with her fingers to fiddle with her clit. She felt his cock slip between her honey-soaked fingers as his cock penetrated her once more, he entering her to the hilt, his balls nestling next to her. Withdrawing, Mr. Johnson commenced pounding into the tight, wet pussy of Agatha, his rigidly-veined cock filling her sopping cunt, she fingering her engorged clit, her breasts thrashing back and forth to his plummeting.

"Oh, oh, oh fuck, yes!" she moaned, biting her bottom lip through closed eyes. She then felt her right, high-heeled foot fall free as he clasped her breasts, palming them both, tugging at her nipples. Her foot lingered in mid-air, she not mindful of it defying gravity. All she presently cared about was this gorgeous man with his gorgeous cock fucking her, and of her impending second orgasm. "Don't stop!" Agatha cried. "Don't you dare fucking stop!"

Mr. Johnson kicked his pace up a notch, his hips a blur, his cock jack-hammering into the now squealing Agatha, who was clawing the duvet with her fingernails, screaming with pleasure. Her orgasm was there, nearly there, if he didn't stop, if he kept on doing what he was doing she'd –

"Yes!" she screeched, her body afire, wracked with a powerful orgasm which rendered her momentarily speechless, she then croaking aloud before a series of high-pitched screams suddenly returning with a vengeance. 

And no sooner that she came, she felt his cock swell within her, felt him quicken his pace, felt his body tense and heard him announce his orgasm. He withdrew from her twitchy, saturated pussy and pulled on his glistening organ, shooting jet after jet of hot, salty cum onto Agatha's orgasmic pussy and strumming fingers. 

"Yeah, baby, cum for me," Agatha cooed, her hand and puss smothered in his creamy climax.

"Oh fuck, yeah ..." he groaned, slumping onto the bed, panting heavily, beads of sweat reflecting on his forehead.

"Mmmm, yeah," Agatha said, whorishly, bringing her fingers to her lips before licking her cum-soaked digits. She repeated the action, wiping his cum from her pussy and once again licked her fingers. "Tasty ..."

"You nasty slut," was all Mr. Johnson, through heavy breaths, could manage to say ...

*  *  *

A while later, fully dressed and relatively composed, Mr. Johnson knocked upon an apartment door numbered 234. There was a murmur from inside, and then a female voice telling him it was open and to enter.

Opening the door, Mr. Johnson stepped inside, closing it behind him. He walked into the living room where he saw a young woman lying seductively on her couch, dressed in naught but a pair of black panties and waist-length black chemise.

"Mr. Johnson," she smiled, patting the empty seat next to her, "why don't you make yourself comfortable?" 

"I'm sorry Mrs. Carlson," Mr. Johnson sighed, "but Mrs. Wilson in the next apartment just paid her rent that way..."