 Everyone in the following fictional story is over 18:

*

It had been a long day at work and I just wanted to get home to my apartment to relax and put my feet up for a while. I pulled into the double garage I shared with my landlord, Mr. Perkins. As I started to get out of my car, my landlord suddenly appeared next to my car. He must have been in the garage and I just hadn't see him, but it startled me that he was there and I jumped. 

"Oh, god, Mr. Perkins, you scared the crap out of me!", I said, panting and holding my chest.

"Sorry, Katie, I didn't mean to, but I need to talk to you about your overdue rent." he said with a stern look on his normally cheerful face. 

"I'm sorry, Mr. Perkins, I know I'm behind, but I haven't been getting as many hours at the drugstore as I had been. I promise to get it to you soon." I said, using my best damsel in distress look on him. 

He seemed less than impressed. "Maybe you should spend less time sunbathing and more time looking for a second job?" he asked with a raised eyebrow and knowing smirk on his face.

I felt my cheeks go bright red with embarrassment. Had Mr. Perkins seen me sunbathing nude the day before when I hadn't been scheduled for work? 

Between the garage and the house, there's a small courtyard that's very private but gets great afternoon sun. Occasionally, I would sunbath nude there at times when I knew Mr. Perkins was supposed to be at work. 

He also worked for the same chain drugstore that I did, but at a different location across town where he was the manager. In fact, it was the manager at my store who had told me that Mr. Perkins was looking to rent out his downstairs apartment since he knew I had to move out of the apartment I was in. 

Mr. Perkins seemed to be nice enough but not much to look at really. He was at least twice my age, probably in his 50's, with a thin runner's body, a full head of almost white hair, glasses, and a neatly trimmed goatee. He was always pleasant although his eyes did seem to linger a bit too long on my large breasts when I talked to him. Now was no exception. 

"I, uh, were you here yesterday?" I asked him, my head spinning as I remembered that yesterday when I was sun bathing I had started to feel a certain tingling in my nether regions that I decided to use my fingers to help relieve. Oh no, that could not have been when he happened to come home! Please, dear god, no.

"Actually, I had to run home in the afternoon to take care of something, when I came across a very interesting sight in the courtyard. You had your headphones on, so I guess you didn't hear me, but I certainly saw every inch of you. It seemed you were really enjoying your, uh, music.", he said with a naughty gleam in his eye. I blushed even deeper red. 

"You know, Katie, you have a very beautiful body. There's nothing to be ashamed of." he said, as he leaned one arm against my car, effectively blocking me from retreating. He continued, "We might be able to come to some amicable arrangement in regards to the rent." He glanced down toward his crotch which was now tenting up with what appeared to be a massive boner. 

I was immediately shocked but also strangely aroused by the suggestion. I felt the old familiar tingling down below as my pussy suddenly became wet. I couldn't take my eyes off the huge bulge in his pants. 

It had been almost a year since I had broken up with my boyfriend and I had been horny as hell lately but didn't want to dive back into the dating scene. Maybe this could satisfy my need, pay the rent, and I wouldn't even have to deal with dating games. It was starting to sound like a win-win to me.

I licked my lips and looked into his eyes. He gave me a knowing grin and proceeded to unzip his pants. He let them fall to the ground. He wasn't wearing any underwear. His huge, thick cock stood proudly curving up between his dress shirt openings. Pre-cum was already glistening on the tip. It looked delicious. I had to taste it. 

I knelt down in front of him and grabbed his big cock in my hand, barely able to wrap my fingers around it. I then flicked my tongue out to taste the tip. It was so good that I had to have more. I began to swirl my tongue around the tip. 

He moaned and said, "That's a good girl, Katie. Just like that." as his hand caressed my cheek.

I looked up at him and saw he was smiling at me. I smiled back with the tip of his cock still pressed against my lips.

Encouraged, I began to slowly start taking more and more of his cock into my greedy mouth enjoying the feel of it against my tongue. At the same time I worked the base with one hand and started to gently play with his balls with the other. My pussy was on fire now and my panties were soaking wet. I was moaning in delight. 

Suddenly, I felt his hands on the sides of my head as he helped guide his massive cock deeper and deeper into my mouth and down my throat, thrusting his hips into my face. I was almost gagging from it but also loving every second of the onslaught.

His breath became ragged and he started to moan even more loudly. "I'm going to cum, Katie!" he gasped as he tried to pull out of my mouth but I grabbed his ass cheeks and held him in me as his hot cum filled my hungry mouth. I sucked and sucked for all it was worth, savoring every last drop. Amazingly, he stayed mostly hard even after he came so I started sliding up and down the shaft with my mouth, not wanting it to end. 

He practically had to push me off as he sputtered, "That's enough, Katie, too sensitive right now." He was gasping for breath as he leaned against my car. It took a few minutes for him to calm back down. He then pulled his pants back up as I knelt there in bewilderment. 

"What about me?" I asked. 

"Well, that should take care of a week's worth of rent, I suppose." He said. 

I just stayed there, kneeling on the floor, mouth agape as he left the garage. No, no, no... that wasn't what I had meant. 

My pussy was throbbing and unsatisfied. I was even more sexually frustrated now than before this happened. I knew I could not let that be the end of it. I had to have more of his huge cock. I began to plan my next move.

To be continued...