 Everyone in the following fictional story is over 18: 

*****

I have to admit that witnessing the scene between my landlord, Mr. Perkins, and the college girl the day before had dramatically shifted something deep inside of me and given birth to a part of me that I didn't know existed. Seeing him bend her over the couch and spank her before impaling her on his huge cock had unleashed a fever in me that I'd never before experienced. 

All day at work I was barely there mentally, but luckily my manager, Mr. Jacobs, just had me stocking shelves for most of the day. All I could think about was my landlord and what I wanted him to do to me. My skin was on fire and my panties wet in anticipation. 

It almost seemed that Mr. Jacobs could smell the sexual tension on me, the way he kept coming by to make sure everything was going okay and one time when I was in the stockroom getting more supplies he even seemed to rub against me in passing as I was leaning over to pick up a box. I could have sworn he had a boner, but I tried to brush it off as just my overactive imagination hopped up on sex hormones. After all, he had always been nothing but kind to me and he was a good, upstanding family man, married for over 25 years with two lovely daughters.

I was so happy when it was finally time to leave work. I practically skipped out the door and went straight home, hoping to run into my landlord. However, when I got there his car wasn't in the garage as it usually was. 

Disappointed I made my way through the courtyard to the entry foyer. I was looking down, fumbling with my keys as I walked in the door and ran straight into Mr. Perkins.

Startled, I exclaimed "Oh my god, Mr. Perkins, you damn near gave me a heart attack! I didn't think you were home. Your car isn't in the garage."

"It's at the shop having some work done." He said, then continued "You know Katie, the rest of the rent is still due, and on top of that you were playing the part of peeping Tom last night, now weren't you?"

I felt the color rising in my face and at the same time my panties became very wet with excitement at the memory of the night before. I looked down at the floor and mumbled a weak "Sorry."

Mr. Perkins gently put his fingers on my chin and raised my head so I was looking at him. "Now Katie, I'm afraid that's just not good enough. You're going to have to be punished for what you did."

My heart skipped a beat "Yes, Mr. Perkins, you're probably right." I said, and with that he grabbed my hand and led me into my apartment. My heart was racing so fast it felt like it would spring right out of my chest. 

I expected that he was going to take me to the living room and bend me over the couch like he had with the college girl the night before, but instead he walked past it and led me into the bathroom. He had me stand in front of the vanity sink with the huge mirror that started just above counter-top and went almost to the ceiling. He stood behind me. Every hair on my body was standing on end.

"Now Katie, you're going to have to look at yourself while you're being punished so you'll always remember this moment. Do you understand?" he said.

I nodded, looking at myself in the mirror. My long dark hair was pulled back in a ponytail. My white button down shirt was almost bursting at the seams as my large chest was rapidly rising and falling with each ragged breath. 

"Take off your shirt, Katie." He commanded. I shifted my glance to his face to see if he was serious. I could tell he was by his stern look and raised eyebrow. 

I slowly unbuttoned my shirt, my fingers trembling. I let my shirt slide off my arms and onto the ground. Almost before it hit the ground I realized that Mr. Perkins had unhooked my bra and was sliding the straps down my arms exposing my large, firm breasts. My pert nipples were erect, pointing slightly upward. I wanted him to touch and pinch them so badly it hurt, but he didn't.

"Now bend over, Katie." He said as he applied gentle pressure on my back to maneuver me into position. I was bent over, my elbows on the counter-top with my breasts hanging down quite fetchingly. 

I could see him in the mirror standing directly behind me. He grabbed my black skirt and raised it over my ass, flipping it onto my back, exposing my soaking wet white panties. He seemed to smile approvingly as he looked down at my ass. He stepped to the side and without any warning he slapped my panty clad ass cheeks a couple times each. I yelped and lunged forward at the sudden onslaught.

"My dear girl, you must stay still and receive your punishment. Do you understand?" he said. I nodded in agreement. He continued. "Since you didn't that time I'm afraid I'm going to have to remove your panties."

My heart skipped a beat. I wanted to yell "Yes!" but remained silent and only nodded as he reached under each side of my panties and quickly pulled them down, leaving them clinging to my thighs, my ass and pussy completely exposed to him. I felt like every cell in my body was on fire.

He once again stepped to the side and slapped my bare ass cheeks several times each. I managed not to yelp and lunge forward this time, however, I could feel my pussy juices beginning to run down my inner thighs. At the same time tears slid out of the corners of my eyes and down my cheeks, not from sadness nor pain, but from shear ecstasy. 

He ran his hand over each ass cheek gently, almost, but not quite, brushing my pussy lips when he moved his hand from one side to the other. My legs were feeling weak and shaky. I wasn't sure how much more of this sweet torture I could endure. 

Suddenly, the sting of his hand slapping my ass cheeks sent an electric shock through my body. My knees buckled a little. I didn't feel in control of my body any longer. With every fiber of my being I just wanted him to fuck me and finally put an end to my misery.

"Please." I whispered under my breath.

"What was that, Katie?" He asked as he leaned over me, pulling my head back by my ponytail, so that his lips were right by my ear. I could feel his rock hard cock through his trousers as he pushed it against the crack of my ass. I couldn't take any more.

"Oh god, please... please fuck me. Please." I moaned as I pushed my ass toward his cock.

"Yes, Katie, I think you're ready for the final stage of your punishment." He said as he held my ponytail with one hand and undid his trousers with the other. He continued "Don't look away. Pay very close attention to what is about to happen."

I felt the head of his cock sliding up and down my wet slit sending lightning bolts up my spine. I moaned and pushed back toward his huge member, feeling the head beginning to enter my hungry pussy. He moved both hands to my hips as he began to pump deeper and deeper into me. 

I felt like I was being split in two as his huge cock forced its way into my tight pussy. I might as well have been a virgin because I had never experience a sensation such as this before. 

When he had finally forced his cock balls deep into my pussy I exploded into an orgasm so strong that my legs completely gave out and all I could do was lay down completely on the counter, sobbing from the intense release. My pussy spasmed around his cock as he continued to thrust deep into me, bringing me to orgasm again and again until I thought I would completely lose my mind. 

Finally, after what seemed an eternity, but not nearly long enough, he grabbed my hips firmly and groaned "I'm cumming, Katie." As he slammed his cock deep inside my pussy.

With that I had my most powerful orgasm yet and moaned deeply "Oh, god, yes! Yes! Fill me up."

Spent, he slumped over me, his body pressed to mine as he continued to slide his still hard cock gently in and out of my pussy. His breath heavy as he tried to recover. I felt like I was in heaven at that moment, but it was over almost before it began. He stood back up and pulled up his pants.

"I suppose we can consider rent paid in full for this month, Katie." He said with a slap on my ass. I gasped. "And from now on, dear, you can call me daddy." 

And with that, he left me there, half passed out from pleasure, draped over my bathroom vanity.