 My brother recently took a job several hours away. He doesn't know anyone in the new city, so I agreed to travel with him and help him move in. After several days of packing boxes, loading a trailer and preparing for the move, we set off on a journey expecting to change my brother's life. Little did I know it would change my life too.

Like I said, my brother doesn't know anyone in the new city, so finding housing was an interesting task. He asked his new employer if they knew of any available housing. Luckily, someone knew someone who knew someone looking for a roommate. My brother and his roommate texted to discuss who had what furniture and appliances, but, otherwise, there hadn't been much communication. We weren't even sure if he would be at the house when we arrived.

Let me stop here and provide a bit of a background. I'm in my mid-twenties and quite single. I'm far from a perfect ten, but I can hold my own. (Just trust my green eyes on this one.) It's just that I'm rather timid when it comes to guys. I can joke and banter with the best of them... until I'm talking to a guy I'm interested in. In many ways, I'm confident and extremely independent, but not around guys. I'm convinced I'm the world's worst at flirting. I always come across as disinterested, so, needless to say, I'm not used to guys paying much attention to me.

Anyways, back to the story. We arrived at my brother's new place before the landlord. It was freezing, so we decided to see if his roommate was home. His roommate opened the door wide, and I stopped breathing for a minute. He was gorgeous. Dark hair and a bit of beard scruff, the two things that I love most on a guy. He was shorter than most guys but still taller than my 5'3" frame, which I love. And he had a sexy smile as he stood there in the doorway. I'm certain I had to force myself to close my mouth as I suddenly became very conscious of my likely disheveled appearance. I had spent several hours in a car and had worn old, comfortable clothes. I wasn't even wearing make-up.

"Hi! I'm Brad. You must be my new roommate." He shook my brother's hand and then looked at me with that sexy grin.

My brother introduced himself and then mentioned I was his sister. I finally recovered enough to smile and shake Brad's hand. We moved into the house, and Brad proceeded to give us a house tour. I continued to admire Brad throughout the tour, wondering what it would feel like to lean into those broad shoulders and feel his arms around me.

My family members all pick at each other. It's just what we do. As we toured the house, my brother and I naturally started picking on one another. Much to my surprise, I found myself exchanging some witty banter with Brad as well. Luckily, my brother was too preoccupied with taking in his new surroundings to notice what I assume most people would call a spark between Brad and I. 

The landlord arrived soon after to give my brother his keys and review the lease agreement. As they talked upstairs in the bedroom, Brad and I waited in the living room. We continued our banter, but we also asked questions about each other and our lives. As we talked, I realized Brad was sitting somewhat awkwardly. He was sitting in the corner of the couch, facing me, but he was awkwardly holding a throw pillow between his legs. I realized that he was in gray sweatpants and, had it not been for the pillow, I would have had a very clear view of the outline of his cock. Blood rushed to my cheeks, and perhaps other body parts, as I silently hoped he would drop the pillow.

Soon the landlord left, and we began unloading the trailer. Brad offered to help, so he and my brother began carrying furniture into the house as I moved boxes. Throughout it all, Brad watched me. Now, as I mentioned before, I'm independent. I wasn't shy about moving boxes, regardless of how big they were. Whenever Brad saw me struggling with a box, he was quick to take it from me, grazing my hand with his and flashing that smile in the process.

We had the trailer unloaded shortly after, and I knew it was time for me to leave. I had to drive home that night, so I needed to begin the trip home. After hugging my brother goodbye, Brad grabbed my hand. "It was really nice to meet you." That smile again! I smiled back and walked, or floated, back to the car.

I thought about Brad the entire trip home. I wondered if he was thinking about me. I was wondering if he would eventually ask my brother for my number. Most of all, though, I was remembering that sexy smile and that beard scruff.

The memory of Brad didn't dissipate in the following weeks. There were many days I found myself thinking about him. As I talked to my brother on the phone, I found myself trying to bring Brad up in conversation. (Thankfully my brother is completely oblivious.) And there were multiple nights I screamed his name as I came after using my favorite vibrator.

So, you can imagine my excitement as I prepared for a weekend visit to my brother six weeks later. Of course, I was excited to see my brother, but I was also anxious to see how things would be with Brad. Had he been interested when we first met, or was he simply being nice? Had he thought about me as much as I had thought about him? Had he fantasized about me like I had about him?

I arrived late Friday night and nervously knocked on the door. My brother greeted me with a big hug and ushered me in. As I took in the changes they had made since I had last been there, I felt another set of arms wrap around me from behind. I looked over my shoulder, realized it was Brad and smiled.

He smiled back. "Hi again! I hope this is okay. Your brother talks about you so much that I feel like I know you. It's nice to see you again."

"It's fine. I'm happy to see you again too." I turned around and returned the hug, making sure to feel those broad shoulders as I did so.

We all sat around and talked for an hour or so. However, it was late and my brother had to work the following morning. "You go ahead to bed," I told him. "I'm still wound up from the drive, so I'm going to stay up for a while. You need some sleep." He said his good nights and headed off to bed.

Brad didn't budge. "Do you mind if I stay up with you for a while?"

"Not at all! I'm kind of cold though. Do you mind if we get a blanket?"

"Sure. I'll be right back."

Brad soon returned with a blanket and handed it to me. "Are you cold? I'll share." He laughed and nodded before sitting next to me on the couch. We continued talking for a couple of hours, discussing work, family, past relationships. There wasn't much we didn't talk about. As we talked, I found myself scooting closer and closer to him until I had my head on his shoulder and my arms wrapped around one of his.

I began to get sleepy as the long drive caught up to me. I looked up to him with tired eyes and smiled. "I've thought about you a lot since we first met," I mumbled and immediately buried my face in his shoulder.

"Yeah, I've thought about you a lot too. And, I've kind of wanted to do this all night." With that, he lifted my chin with his finger and kissed me. He pulled away slightly to see how I would respond. I smiled and leaned in to kiss him again. This time he parted my lips with his tongue and slipped it into my mouth to explore. He turned to face me, and we continued to kiss while running our hands over the other's body.

Finally, I pulled away, my face flushed and my hand on his chest. "I think we need to stop. If we don't, something else may happen. We basically just met each other, and I'm not that kind of woman."

Brad sighed. "Okay. We'll stop if you want."

"I don't want to, but my brain is telling me I need to. I think we should go to bed."

Brad leaned in for one more kiss. "Sweet dreams." With that, he walked upstairs to his room.

My head was spinning. This gorgeous guy was into me. The guy I had been fantasizing about for weeks was into me. I quickly got ready for bed and tried to sleep. I could still feel his lips on mine, though, and his hands in my hair. 'That was quite the first night,' I thought as I finally drifted off to sleep.

The next morning I awoke and immediately remembered the previous night. Did that really happen? I touched my lips and knew it had. I couldn't wait to spend more time with Brad, so I got out of bed. My brother's room was empty as he had already left for work. Brad's door was shut, so I assumed he was still sleeping. I decided to take a shower and brush my teeth, hoping to look presentable by the time Brad woke up.

Brad and my brother live in an old house. My brother had told me it had some quirks, one of which was varying air pressure throughout the house. The bathroom was across the hall from Brad's room, and, as I opened the door after my shower, the change in air pressure popped Brad's door open. Thinking he was asleep, I went to close the door. I peeked my head in first, just to see him. Instead of a sleeping form, I found him naked, laying on top of the comforter. He had his eyes closed and was slowly stroking his cock. His very aroused cock. I stood at the door, shocked and then mesmerized. I knew I should leave, but I was taken by that beautiful cock.

I must have made a noise because Brad suddenly opened his eyes. Seeing me there, he quickly covered himself and looked around nervously. "Umm, good morning. I, uh, umm."

I knew I should leave. I'm a good girl. But, I couldn't. "You were just taking care of business?" I teased. He nodded and sat up in bed. I walked into the room and shut the door. "Want some help?"

"I- I thought you didn't want to go any further."

"That was last night. I've had time to think about it, and I don't think this would hurt." I had moved to the side of the bed. "So, do you want some help?"

"Um, yeah." He eased the comforter back, and I got a closer view of his cock. I sucked my breath in. He was big. Not huge, but definitely big.

I climbed onto the bed between his legs and held it. I gently ran one finger up the underside and watched it grow a bit. I wrapped my hand around the base and looked into Brad's eyes as I lowered my head to kiss the tip. Then I swirled my tongue around it, taking just the very tip into my mouth.

"That feels good. I've imagined this so many times," he moaned.

"Mmm, me too." With that, I lowered my head again, taking more of him in my mouth. I maintained my grip on the base, and I started massaging his balls with my other hand. I took more of him into my mouth until my lips met my hand at his base. I lifted my head, running my tongue along his ridges, until only the tip remained in my mouth. I spent more time focusing on the tip and continued massaging his balls.

"I can't take this much longer." I looked into his eyes again and smiled. I began bobbing my head, slowly at first. Brad leaned back and closed his eyes. He began breathing harder. I quickened my pace, realizing I was beginning to get rather wet myself. Resisting the urge to reach between my legs, I continued to take as much of him into my mouth as I could.

"I'm- I'm going to come. God, that's good." Seconds later, I felt him tense and felt the hot liquid hit the back of my throat. I swallowed and continued to suck, milking every drop. His body relaxed, and he slipped out of my mouth. I crawled up and straddled his chest.

He opened his eyes and smile that sexy smile. "Good morning."

I kissed him and laughed. "Good morning."

"You know, I think this is going to be a good weekend."

"You know, I think I agree with you." I kissed him again and jumped off the bed. "Come on, time to get up." I looked over my shoulder and grinned before walking into the hallway and closing the door behind me.