 By the time Wednesday rolled around, both Mr. Porter and Mr. Jenkins had each given me piles and piles of reports. I think I'd eaten more cum than food this week. My cunt was raw and I could barely walk as much as they'd used me. But, I'd loved every fucking second. The. I rat or I kept in my desk to relieve the tension of the day hadn't been touched all week.

Today, I was grateful that both of them were in court. I'd spent more time being fucked than doing work and had fallen behind on research I'd been doing for you. It was nearly seven at night by the time I finally finished typing the last page of my report for you. I'd assumed you'd gone home for the day when I barged into your office to place the carefully blind report on your desk.

I was wrong.

"Mr. Bradford!" I said. You were sitting behind your desk, dick fully erect and in your hand. You looked up and me and grinned. Your perfectly white dentures reflected the dim light in the room.

"Miss Kelley," you said huskily. "I've been waiting for you. These reports are late."

"I know. I am so sorry. I've been caught up in reports for the other partners," I said quietly and hung my head. I'd been hoping to avoid this very encounter. You were at least thirty years older than me. Unlike Mr. Jenkins, your hair was fully grey and thinning. You had a potbelly that strained to escape your too tight coats and slacks. And from where I was standing, it looked as though your cock was barely six inches. 

The sight of any cock got my juices flowing, but I didn't feel the familiar clit swelling that I felt at the sight of the other cocks in the office.

"So I've heard," you mused as you stood up. "You understand you will be punished."

You said it so bluntly that I was taken aback.

"Punished?" I asked. If that meant sucking your tiny prick, then I figured I could knock that out in fifteen minutes and be on my way.

You had other ideas. You stepped around your desk and came at me hard. You pushed me into the door and grabbed my cunt with one hand and my tit with the other.

"You will refer to me as sir. You will not question me and you're only answer will be 'yes, sir.' Now, take off this dress."

I stared at you for a moment, unsure what to do. Through my dress and panties, you shoved your hand into my pussy. The swift movement lifted me off the ground. I gasped, but more in pain than in pleasure. As I hesitated another moment, you pushed in harder and put your face against mine.

"Strip. Now. You filthy fucking whore."

"Yes, sir," I answered. I was eager to have your hand and my panties out of my cunt. As soon as you release me, I slipped the skin tight black dress over my head and dropped it to the floor. 

You stepped back to admire my black lace bra and panties. The material was so thin that they barely hid anything. You made a tsk tsk sound and shook your head.

"Behind over the couch," you grabbed my hair and bent me over the couch. I heard you slip your belt off and snap it together. "I'm an old fashion man, Miss Kelly. My partners may appreciate a clean pussy, but I prefer to burry my cock into a hairy bush."

The first lashing came down hard and burned my skin. I hadn't been expecting you to put some much force into it. My body jolted forward and tears stung my eyes. Mr. Jenkins had been rough, but he'd been kind. This was different. You were angry. You wanted to hurt me. Fear washed over me, but my pussy started throbbing. My panties were soaked.

Five more lashes came down and my tears flowed down my face. 

"Keep crying Miss Kelley and the lashings will continue."

I sniffed back another tear and the belt met my skin again. My ass and legs were burning and throbbing. I braced myself for another hit as I held my breath. It didn't come. Instead your pudgy, round fingers reached under me and into my bra. You pushed the cups over my tits and then pulled me up. Turning me to face you, you held up two clamps. Your eyes were full of a mixture of rage and passion.

"Stand up straight," you barked. I stiffened my back and stood up straight. I was terrified of what you'd do if I didn't. You quickly put a clamp on each nipple. As you twisted them I flinched. The pain was intense and caught my breath. I'd had my tits sucked, bit, pinched and fucked, but this was different. "Back to the couch."

You shoved me to the couch and forced me over the arms. My breasts pressed into the cool leather and I gritted my teeth. The clamps were tight and they dug into me as you pressed my back down hard. You ran your hands over my ass. Each movement forced my breasts harder into the couch. I kept waiting for more spanking, but you just kept rubbing.

"Nice and red," you mused as you admired your work. You kicked my legs open wider and stood behind me. I was on my tiptoes and desperately trying not to tip onto the couch. My tears stung my eyes as I fought them back. 

Before I realized what was happening, you ripped my panties from my body. Then, you came around the couch and looked at me. I was shaking. Whether in fear or pleasure, I wasn't entirely sure. My pussy was wet, but my ass was on fire. I looked up at you. You could see the anxiety in my face and just laughed. You balled up my black panties and then pressed them to my lips. I shook my head. You stared at me, but I refused to move. No Way was I putting my panties in my mouth.

Your eyes intently stared at me. You didn't even blink. You grabbed a fistful of my hair and yanked my head back. The movement caused my mouth to fall open. You quickly shoved my panties to my mouth. Your hand came down hard on my cheek as you slapped me.

"You do not resist me," you said angrily. Your voice was harsh and I knew that was the last time I'd be telling you no.

I nodded and said, "yes sir." My panties, still wet my my juices, muffled the sound. But, you'd heard me and nodded in approval. As you stood back up, your cock brushed my face. 

Once again, you moved behind me and started rubbing my cheeks. This time, harder and deeper. Your fat fingers dug into my toned ass and thighs. The movements were quick and completely lacking in concern for my tenderness. I could feel the welts forming where your belt had violated me.

I sighed in relief when the molesting stopped. My skin was throbbing and burning. The relief was short lived. Your fist plunged into my pussy. You didn't bother to warm me up a finger at a time. You went all in all at once. The pounding lifted me off the ground. You pumped in one more time and then withdrew your hand with a pop. I heard you spit into you hand. Then, felt another pile of spit land on my asshole. 

I shook my head no and pleaded with you through the panty gag in my mouth. You didn't like my response and you grabbed the belt from beside me. This time it landed on bare skin. I yelped loudly with each blow. Ten in all. Rapid fire like bullets on my ass, thighs and back. 

"Spread your legs, cunt," you barked. I quickly followed your orders. The warm leather of the belt grazed my pussy as you rubbed it between my legs. As it gently brushed my slit, my breath quickened. Your gut leaned against me as you bent over me. The belt fell to the floor and as touched under me and grabbed my breasts. I moaned as you slowly twisted the clamps on my nipples. This shift in your touch excited me. Slowly, you dipped a finger into my pussy.

"That's better," you said as your massaged my slick hole. I closed my eyes, enjoying the new tenderness. I pushed my hips back, circling my cunt around your hand. You withdrew. Disappointment rushed over me. I started grinding my pelvis into the couch, hoping to seduce you back in. "There's my little slut."

Your fingers penetrated me again, but quickly pulled out. I sank into the couch. The teasing was making me hot. Your cock wouldn't fill me like theirs had, but my pussy needed it now. The shifts from punishment to pleasure were dizzying and I didn't know what to expect next, but my cum was dripping down my legs as I waited to find out.

I could feel you standing behind me, but you weren't moving. I shifted my weight from foot to foot, waiting. It felt like hours before you touched me again. When you finally did, I wished you hadn't.

Again, your rammed your entire fist into my cunt. You pulled it out just as quickly. Then, you took your thumb and pressed it against my asshole. It was soaked my my wetness, but my ass had never been fucked before, so it was tight around your thumb. 

"Mmm a virgin," you groaned loudly. It had been eight years since that word applied to me, but when it came to my ass, it was accurate. The tip of your cock pressed against me. There was no way it was going in, I thought. As small as it was, it was still bigger than my hole. 

By now, I was silently begging you to at least spit on me again to add some lubricant. You didn't. Your cock pressed against my dry, virgin asshole. Slowly, you pressed in. The lack of moisture caused the pain the rip through me. As my body was shoved forward, the nipple clamps snagged the couch and tugged my nipples. Pain seared through me and I screamed into my panties. You were barely an inch in when your dick tensed and then exploded. Jizz ran into my asshole and down my legs.

"Thank God," I thought. You'd finished quickly and I'd assumed you were done with me. I started to stand up. But, you forced me back down. Your fingers tangled through my hair and you held my head down. Your dick slid all the way into my ass easily now that your cum had soaked me. You slowly worked your way in and out. Your dick was limp but it quickly springing to life as it glides in and out of my tight hole. The slow movements and the feeling of your entire weight pressing me down, relaxed me. I spread my legs wider and let the tension fall from my body. I thought, maybe if I cooperate, you would ease the throbbing in my clit.

Eagerly, I pushed my ass against you and tried to match your rhythm.

"There's my hungry slut," you grunted as you started slamming into me. Your hands slipped under me. You poked around my slit and then wrapped your hand around my mound. Your palm pressed into my clit as your fingers fucked my damp cunt. 

We found an easy rhythm, your cock ramming my virgin asshole and me grinding my cunt into your hand. Within minutes, your cock throbbed and then jerked into my ass. You tensed behind me as you pulled out. Your hot, stick cum shot over my back and into my hair. Just as I was starting to climax, you pulled your hand out. My body flopped onto the couch, my ass in the air. 

You reached around and pulled my panties out of my mouth. I waited. And waited. My clit throbbing, begging for release. I heard you shuffling behind me. The sound of your zipper filled the silence in the room. Your belt buckle clinked as you slid it on. Fully dressed now, you grabbed my hair and yanked me up. My body was a rag doll. You flopped me back on the couch. I at and looked up at you, my face and eyes red from the tears.

"Sir?" I asked, my voice shaking.

"Yes whore?" You asked. You looked down and admired me. You took each of my legs in your hands and forced them open. "Still hungry?"

"Yes, sir," I said eagerly.

"Would you like to cum?" He asked.

I nodded enthusiastically, "Please, sir. Please make me cum, sir." 

I lifted my knees onto the couch and pressed my thighs wide, offering you my wet pussy. You glanced down at it, licked your lips, and then shrugged.

"No thank you," you said and curled your lip in disgust. "My hungry little slut can make herself cum."

I looked at you, shocked, "But, your cock sir?" I pointed to his bulge.

"My cock prefers ass and bushes. I've already fucked your ass and you have no bush."

"But, sir, I need you to fill me."

You laughed and shook your head. You turned back to your desk and pulled something out of the drawer. It was the vibrator I kept in my desk. I stared at him.

"Where did you get that?" I asked angrily.

"I fetched it from your desk this morning. You like them big, huh?" My vibrator was a decent size, but compared to you it was huge. 

You slipped the switch and it came to life. The familiar buzz sparked my pussy. I twitched in anticipation as you came towards me. You knelt before me and I forced my legs wider. You teased my opening with the neon pink, rubber vibrator. I slid my hips forward as you plunged it into me. You pushed it in as far as it would go and watched with amazement as it twitched inside me.

You grabbed my hand and placed it on the vibrator, "Fuck yourself."

I didn't even estimate for a moment. I took my friend from you and started twisting it to find the right angle. With my other hand, I started rubbing my clit. The vibrations rippled through me as I fingered my clit. You reached up and pulled the clamps off my nipples as you fondled my breasts. They bounced when you released them.

Your eyes drifted back down to my pussy. I slowly pulled the vibrator out and plunged it back in. As your eyes eagerly took in the sight, I started fucking myself harder and faster. I was rubbing my clit with a force I'd never used before. I felt your eyes studying me as my body shuddered as the orgasm ripped through me. You ripped the vibrator out of me just as I started to come. Your fist slipped back in, filling the brief emptiness. Your fist pounded into me as my orgasm kept ripping through me. You slapped my hand away from my slit and placed your mouth over it. You sucked hard, causing it to engorge and release again. My body slipped further, causing your hand to sink into me. Pleasure kept hitting me as you didn't relent. After the fourth wave you released me and before you stood up, your hand spanked hard on my pussy. 

"Thank you sir," I said breathlessly.

"Stand up," you barked. When I did, you quickly pulled me to your desk and bent me over it. Your hand slammed hard onto my bare ass. "Count!"

"One!" I said as your hand came down again. "Two. Three. Four. Five." The blows were coming rapid fire. By the time I reached twenty, my pussy tightened again. Twenty-five sent me over the edge and I shuddered into another orgasm. 

"Get dressed and get out of my office."

I pushed myself off the desk and quickly found my clothes. Still naked, I turned to you and said, "Mr. Bradford, sir?"

"Yes, Miss Kelley?" You were again seated behind your desk.

"May I still fuck Mr. Jenkins and Mr. Porter?" I asked. "Please sir."

"You may do with your pussy as you choose, Miss Kelley, but that ass belongs to me," you didn't look up from your computer. "If another man touches it, I'll flog it so hard you'll be missing the belt."

I didn't know what a flog was, but I was t about to ask, "Yes sir, my ass is all yours."

"Now, out of my office. I'll see you tomorrow. I'll be expecting the remainder of the reports first thing in the morning."

"See you at seven, sir."