 Amber cast an anxious look over her shoulder at the purple Marilyn Monroe clock on the wall and felt her pulse quicken. 7:05am. That meant she only had ten more minutes to get ready before she would have to leave her flat and get to the train station. She looked her full-length mirror at her appearance and mentally calculated how long it would take to get ready. She had already showered and her clothes were laid out waiting for her, having been decided the night before. All she had left to do was put on her make-up and do her hair, which could take anything between five minutes to two hours, depending on how whether she was having a bad hair day or not and how much time she had. Fortunately, this wasn't one of those days and eight minutes later she surveyed herself in the mirror again with a smile of satisfaction. 

Not only was she ready on time, but she looked great, and she new it. Taking advantage of the fact that the sun had appeared for the first time this summer since last month, she wore a silk beige shirt dress that accentuated her curvaceous size 10 figure to perfection and complimented her chocolate brown skin. It dropped to just below her knees and hinted at the beautiful toned legs beneath that she had been working on every day in the gym for the past five months in anticipation of the fleeting English summer months. Her jet-black hair lay long and straight around her shoulders and framed the delicate features of her face. On her feet she wore the beautiful white Gina strappy sandals that she had saved up for three months to buy, she had painted her toe nails a baby blue the night before, and the small heel took her height from a respectable 5ft 2 to 5ft 4. She was ready.

Ten minutes later Amber stood on the platform waiting for her train. It wasn't due for another seven minutes, but she always tried to get to the station early. As she glanced down the platform she saw her reason why. 

Halfway down the platform and just in view, was a black man, who looked to stand just over 6ft tall. But it was not only his height that drew admiring glances from passers by. Wearing low slung blue pin stripped trousers and a pale blue cotton shirt that was thin enough to highlight his ripping muscles underneath he looked like a modern day black Adonis. His shiny baldhead was bent forward, concentrating on the article in the paper he held in his hands. With the sun shining down on him it was hard to tell what he looked like from where Amber was standing. But she didn't need to see his face, it was already ingrained in her mind. 

Amber had been taking the same train to work for the past 2 years. It was only a 35-minute journey from her station to the office. Because the journey was so short and her office hours so flexible, her departure times always varied in the mornings. Ranging anywhere from between 8:00am to 9:30am. That was until two months ago. Amber had been enjoying a particularly exciting dream involving Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie (Sans baby), which had just started to get hot when she was cruelly interrupted by a very shrill sound that took Amber a couple of seconds to identify. When at last she shook herself awake and realised it was the telephone it suddenly stopped. Amber looked at her silver D&G wristwatch, 'fuck!' she thought. It was 6:00am in the morning. She didn't know why someone had try to wake her so early, but she did know she wouldn't be able to fall back into the dream again, which was already starting to fade in her memory. 'Oh well' she thought, 'at least I can go to sleep for another hour and maybe I'll bump into Chad Michael Murray'. She lay her head back on the pillow and closed her eyes, trying to imagine a scenario in which she would be likely to bump into Brad and what she would do to take his breath away. Just as she was about to sleep the phone rang again, startling her upright. 'Fuck!' she said again, this time out loud. On principle she wouldn't normally answer the phone at that time, but as she had just been dragged out of one sexy dream and torn away from a second before it could even really begin, she wanted to know who it was, so she could have the pleasure of shouting at them down the phone. 

Amber quickly got out of bed and ran into the hallway just outside the door to answer the phone. Grabbing it she shouted a vicious 'Yes?' down the receiver, and breathed loudly and impatiently waiting for an answer.

'Hello? Amber?' a small female voice asked cautiously at the other end. 'Fuck!' thought Amber again recognising the voice instantly. It was her boss, Corrine. Ambers mind raced with all the possibilities for Corrine to be calling her so early in the morning, but with a sinking heart she knew it could only be for one reason. Someone was sick and she needed to go in early and open up. She had regretted putting her name on the Emergency list at work ever since she had volunteered. At the time she had been flattered that was had been asked, so early on in her position, little realising that everyone else had refused. Now, as she cleared her throat in an attempt to sound more composed and less like she had just woken up, she new that she would have to make good on her commitment.

'Hey Corinne, what's up?' she asked, feigning enthusiasm. 

'Oh hello Amber, it is you, I thought I had the wrong number for a second' Amber tried to stifle a laugh and Corinne went on to tell her and unusually long story about what she had had to eat over the weekend and what is had subsequently done to her normal toilet habits. 

One hour and 20 minutes later Amber stood on the platform waiting for the train that she did every day, at a time of morning that was completely foreign to her. She was in a foul mood at having to be there and knew that she would probably hold on to it till the end of the day. The only thing that slightly made up for it was the fact that she had been able to buy a Mocha from the coffee shop without having to wait in a long line behind other commuters. 

As Amber stepped onto the train her foot suddenly slipped and she found herself falling forward. With her bag in one hand and a coffee in the other she realised that it was going to be a very messy fall. But just before she was able to drop something and put out a hand to steady herself she felt two strong hands grip her waste and pull her back up. Shocked she turned her head to say thank you and found herself looking up into two big brown eyes framed with the longest lashes she had ever seen on a man. Her eyes travelled down from his eyes to his strong straight nose and then to his full lips, which were half smiling at her. 'Thank you', she muttered as he helped her to her feet. She bent slightly to brush some dust off her knees, and when she looked up she saw her rescuer was already moving onto the carriage to sit down. 'Great' she thought, 'I was hoping we could get some kind of conversation started'. She looked at him again and saw that he was already sitting down. He looked over at her and gave her a half smile then bent his head down to read the Metro he had been carrying. Realising that he had no interest in her Amber found somewhere to sit and tried hard not to look at him. But from that day she was always at the Station at the same time in the hopes of seeing him again.

Today as she looked over at him she realised that she was probably wasting her time, she had seen him everyday for a month and he had never acknowledged her again. When the train came she sat in her usual seat which was a few row up from him and backwards facing, so she was able to see him through the gap in the seats. Leaning back in her seat she kept her eyes on his face as she relaxed in her seat. 

She felt her eyes begin to close and she tried to resist the urge to go to sleep as she needed her 'rescuer fix' as she called it. For a second her eyes closed and when she opened them again she was looking out of the window at the blur of the trees and houses and the train whizzed past. Just as she was about to close her eyes again, she felt something stir next to her. She turned around, wondering why someone had chosen to sit next to her when the carriage was practically empty and gasped in shock when she saw who it was. Her rescuer put a finger to his lips as if to say Shh and leaned over to whisper in her ear. 'You've been watching me' his breath on her ear sent a tingle down her spine. 'But what you didn't know, was that I've been watching you too'. Amber felt the tingle in her spine take on a new warmth, which slowly travelled around her body and land on her pussy, igniting like a flame. She sucked in her breath and waited, not knowing what to do. She didn't have to do anything. Keeping his head where it was, her rescuer flicked out his tongue and began to lick her earlobe, then trail his tongue down her neck until he reach her collarbone, where he began to kiss the soft skin at her neck. 

Unable to breath Amber sat forward and looked around urgently, to check if anyone could see what they were doing. She felt a hand push her back. 'Don't worry, no one can see' he murmured. She tried to answer him back but she had trouble getting any words out as her mind was focused on the wetness she suddenly felt in her knickers.

'What do...you want me...to do?' she breathed. 'Nothing,' he replied 'just relax'. 

He put his left arm around her shoulders and took her right hand in his. Using a finger to make a circling motion in her palm. She closed her hand around his finger when the tickle got too much to bear. Pulling his finger free from his grasp he took her hand and moved it towards himself. She glanced down to see where it was going and her eyes widened as she noticed the huge bulge straining in his trousers. He rested her hand on top of it and she felt herself shudder as the heat from his trousers surged up her arm. He felt hot and hard beneath her touch. For a moment she left it to rest there, enjoying the feel and strength of it beneath her fingers. Then she felt his left hand move down her shoulder to her left breast. He started to squeeze it, tenderly at first, then more firmly, using his thumb to brush her nipple beneath her clothes. Her nipple instantly hardened and she swallowed hard as her mouth began to water. She leant her head back and watched the world go past out of the window. Felling herself begin to get wetter as she thought of all the people on the train and in their houses who were going about their normal morning routine and didn't know what was happening to her right now.

He moved his hand from her breast and began to put his fingers through the openings between the buttons of her shirt dress. Caressing her skin. His hands continued to probe and she felt his fingers find to top of her bra, then they were inside, teasing her hard waiting nipples with their softness. Her legs began to open and the rush of air which suddenly hit her made her clit throb. She was now so wet she could feel it on her arse. She rubbed the hard bulge beneath her hand, slowly at first, and then with more pressure. She felt her clit ache as he moaned in her ear. she reach out a hand to touch it over her dress. Cupping her pussy she felt the wet moisture in her hand. She rubbed her pussy and his cock at the same speed, rocking her hips with the motion. The throbbing from both organs exploded around her whole body. 

Losing all abandonment she opened her legs wider and put her hand beneath her dress. She moved the wet thin material of her knickers aside and rubbed against the wet folds of her vagina mouth. He moved to unbutton the first few buttons of her dress and roughly pulled down her bra, her heavy breasts fell out and she gasped as he took a nipple in his mouth and started to suckle her. She slipped a finger into the folds of her pussy lips, she was so wet it slipped in easily. He hand tightened on the cock and she felt an overwhelming urge to know what he tasted like. Using one hand she pulled down his zipper then reached inside to pull out his cock. It was bigger than what she has seen before, around 8", it sprang out, tall thick and dark brown, with a mushroom shaped head that was near black. She held it in her hands and found that she could only just touch her thumb to fingers. The skin felt velvety soft and she was mesmerised but the pre-cum that seeped from the eye. It stared to run down the shaft and she used a finger to sweep it up, then rub it around the head. She licked her finger to taste in saltiness then continued to rub, becoming more excited as his breath quickened and started to moan.

She leaned forward and took his cock in her mouth, trying to fit it all in. she felt his juices fill her mouth and she circled her tongue around his nub. He pulled her hand away from her pussy, replacing it with his. Rubbing in and around the folds before he plunged first one, then two fingers deep inside of her cunt. His palm cupped her clit and he drilled his fingers in and out of her pussy. The tiny piece of air they occupied was filled with the scent sex, which aroused her even more. She pulled on his bulls and she rubbed her tongue up and down the length of his shaft. Then wanking him furiously she nibbled on the tip of his penis, using her tongue to flick in and out of its slit. 

'You're gonna make me cum' he groaned. She could feel his ball tighten and knew she wanted him to cum in her mouth. He pulled and twisted her long black nipples with his free hand, fingering her furiously with the other until she thought she couldn't take it anymore. She felt herself start to cum and she pushed his hands harder and further into her pussy, grinding against his hand so hard her arse came off the seat. She felt a tingle well up in her stomach and she knew she was going to cum harder than ever before. Her grinding increased as she felt the orgasm explode in her body, and wave after wave of warm tingles washed over her. She went to move his hand away but he kept it there, teasing her engorged clit with its pressure. She opened her mouth wider to take more of him between her lips, milking him like a cow. 'oh shit' was all she heard, before she saw his whole body tense and felt her mouth fill with his thick, salty sperm. She swallowed the goodness and took him back in her mouth, licking and sucking him gently and his body continued to pulsate. 

She looked up at him and smiled. He was looking out of the window. 'Is this your stop?' he asked. 'What?' she replied, trying looking out of the window and trying to get her bearings, she hadn't even noticed the train had stopped moving. 'Is this your stop?' he asked again, this time more loudly. She shook her head to clear it and looked out of the window, it was her stop. As she looked around to tell him, she noticed with a start that it wasn't Him that had asked her, but the ticket inspector. Confused, she looked at the seat next to her. It was empty. Even more confused she looked down at her clothes and realised all her buttons were done up. 'No!' she thought, 'I cannot have been dreaming!' she looked through the slits in the chairs and saw Him sitting there reading his Metro. 'Damn' she thought 'yes it was'. Hurriedly she gathered her things and got off the train before it was too late to get off. She just made it off of the train and smiling, she ran up the stairs of the platform, feeling her cheeks get hotter every time she thought about how realistic her day dream had been.

On the train a man put down his Metro and watched her out of the window. She was so pretty, he wished he had the courage to talk to her, or even get close to her again, the way he had when she had almost tripped on the train a few months ago. 'Oh well' he thought 'I can always try to get up the courage tomorrow'. Then he yawned and closed his eyes. Hoping to catch a few minutes sleep. Getting up extra early in the hopes of catching a sight of her was beginning to take its toll.