 I could hear Brad getting out of the shower. I had resisted the urge to join him. More than once, I found myself outside the bathroom with my hand on the handle. But, I couldn't go in. I had to remind myself that I'm not that kind of woman.

I turned my mind towards the rest of the day, still smiling at the slightly salty taste Brad left in my mouth earlier. My brother would be home in a couple of hours. What should Brad and I do to occupy our time?

Brad came down the stairs smiling at me. I smiled back and looked down. I couldn't believe I had been so forward earlier.

"So, what to do now?" Brad asked as he leaned forward over the chair I was sitting in. God, he smelled good.

"What do you think we should do?"

"Well, I think we should start with this." He pulled me up and met my lips with his. As he nibbled my lower lip, his hands pulled me closer. I could feel his cock against me. It was partially erect, and I very lightly ran my hand against it. He moaned into my mouth. "Two can play that game."

Brad continued kissing me. (Did I mention he's an amazing kisser? I was getting wet just thinking about what that mouth could do to other parts of my body.) He also grabbed my boob through my and began rubbing my nipple. I could feel them harden slightly under his touch. Then he began unbuttoning my shirt, and, before I could catch my breath, he had my nipple in his mouth.

Now, I'm not really a boob person. I like my boobs, but they've never done much for me sexually. This man though. The things he's capable of with his mouth are insane. Even I couldn't avoid being aroused by what he was doing to my nipples.

As he moved from one boob to the other, I ran my fingers through his hair, enjoying every second of our contact. Finally I pulled his head up to mine and kissed him. "I need you to touch me. I am so wet right now. Please touch me."

Brad just smiled and guided me over to the couch. He pushed me back until I was lying down and then he pushed my skirt up. Between my legs, he kissed my pussy, still encased in my panties. He pulled the panties to one side and slid one finger in, barely parting my lips. I took a sharp breath, so happy to finally have any part of this man inside me.

"Looks like someone else has a bit of business that needs taking care of." With that, he pulled my panties down and off and lowered his head to my pussy. He didn't immediately make contact with it, though. Instead he kissed my inner thighs, one and then the other.

"Please, just touch me. I need you to touch me." That smile again. The smile I had been fantasizing about for weeks.

He buried his head and I felt a small flick on my most sensitive area. Then he gently sucked my clit into his mouth. I was literally in heaven. He continued doing things to my clit I had never felt before. I could feel my entire body throbbing, begging for more. And more he gave me.

He moved his tongue down my slit and swirled it around my hole. Then he inserted two fingers, gently at first. Then, as he began sucking on my clit again, he began moving his fingers a bit faster and harder.

"Please don't stop. Brad, please don't stop. I'm coming!" I squeezed my thighs around his head and pushed my pussy against his face as I came. He continued gently flicking my clit until my body relaxed and I began breathing normally again.

Brad moved up and kissed my lips. "Feel better?"

"Yes! Your mouth. Wow." He kissed me again.

"Oh I'm not finished yet." He smiled devilishly and moved back down between my legs. He licked my clit, still so sensitive from my orgasm. He flicked it a couple more times, eliciting a gasp from me each time. He closed his mouth over my clit again and inserted his fingers. He worked his magic on me again, making me come again, even harder.

I finally managed to catch my breath as he moved so we were again face to face. He kissed me deeply. "You should probably go freshen up. Your brother will be home soon, and we're all going to lunch.

I nodded, but I couldn't move. My body still felt like jello after that intense orgasm. Brad stood up. "Here, let me help you." He easily lifted me to a standing position, and I leaned into him for a few minutes. He just held me there. It reminded me of the first time I had met him and how I had wondered what it would feel like to have his arms around me. It felt good, almost as good as what he had been doing to me only minutes before.

Finally I lifted my head from his chest and smiled up at him. "Thank you for that. I'm going to go upstairs for a few minutes." I picked my panties up off the floor and stuffed them into his pocket. "Can you hold onto these for me?"

He answered me with a kiss and a light spank on my bottom as I turned toward the stairs. As I walked up the stairs, I again couldn't believe what was happening, and I couldn't wait to see how the rest of the weekend would play out.