 "Miss Kelley?" You said as you slowly pushed my office door open. Your short black hair, recently cut, framed your face and your strong jawline tensed as you saw me.

I was leaning across my desk trying to stop a pen from rolling off the edge. My breasts were spilling out of my pink v-neck cashmere sweater. I looked up innocently and met your deep blue eyes and smiled, not bothering to move or attempt to cover my breasts. My pussy twitched as your gaze drifted to my tits.

"Can I help you Mr. Porter?" I asked. 

You shut my office door behind you and smiled, "Mr. Jenkins shared the reports you did for him with me. He said your work was nice and, um, tight."

My heart pounded as I recalled the events of last Friday night. Mr. Jenkins had given me an impossible task and I'd stayed much later than normal. That had been his plan. After months of flirting and teasing, he'd finally given into his temptations. He'd surprised me in the parking garage and fucked my brains out. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed at the lack of reports he'd assigned me this week. He'd barely even acknowledged me. I was beginning to wonder if my tongue and pussy had left him down. But, hearing Mr. Porter tell me you'd been pleased with my work, I beamed with pride.

"Yes," I answered slowly and looked around my office nervously. As the newest trial lawyer on the staff, my office was minimalistic and had no windows. I was convinced it had once been a broom closet. I stood up and didn't bother to adjust my breasts, one of which had managed to slip completely out of my bra. My nipple pointed right at you. I took a strand of my long brown hair in between my fingers and started twisting it in my hands. 

"I rather enjoyed his large reports. But, judging by that," I said and nodded towards his hard cock begging to be released from his slacks, "I think I may enjoy your much larger reports even more."

You took a step back and turned the lock on my door. It clicked loudly and blood rushed through my veins. My cheeks flushed and my pussy walls tightened. Then you looked at me, taking in all of me with your blue eyes. You were much younger than Mr. Jenkins and had just made partner last year. Your suits fit you well and highlighted the muscles from years of playing college football. If Mr. Jenkins made me wet, you drowned me. I closed my eyes for a moment, just thinking about your hard, hot cock nearly sent me over the edge. I had to see it.

"I have at least 10 pages for you to review," you smirked. Looking at the size of the bulge, I didn't doubt it. I bet your girth as even more impressive.

"May I see all 10 inches, I mean pages, please?" I asked. My mouth went dry as my cunt became even more soaked. I cursed myself for not wearing a skirt today. If I had, I'd have hiked it up right then and there and mount you. My slim cut black trousers were tight and hugged all the right curves. I'd opted for five inch pumps today, so when you quickly stepped around my desk, you only had to lean down a little to kiss me. 

Mr. Jenkins hadn't bothered with foreplay, but as you hungrily placed your lips on mine and forced your tongue into my mouth, I knew this encounter would be entirely different and I was eager to get things started. 

"Mr. Porter," I said breathlessly as you moved your lips down my neck and onto my breasts. I gasped as you took my nipple in your mouth and bit down. Your tongue played with my nipple as you started to suck. "Mr. Porter?"

"Miss Kelley?" You asked, your breath hot on my tit.

"Your tongue would feel amazing on my cunt," I whispered through gritted teeth. Mr. Jenkins had called the shots last week, and I'd let him. But, you seemed more open to me making my own demands. "It's wet and waiting."

You didn't hesitate. You shoved the stack of papers off my desk and reached down to unbutton my slacks. As you pulled them down, your face lit up when you found my bare, freshly waxed pussy. My pants were too tight for panties and the seam had been rubbing my clit all day. 

"Oh, Miss Kelley," you groaned. You pulled my pants all the way off and ran your hands over my smooth skin. Your fingers toyed with my clit and then pulled my lips open. Cum dripped from my cunt. "You look deliciously wet."

I opened my legs wider and you knelt in front of me. Slowly, so slowly, you inserted you fingers into my hole and started working your thumb over my clit. Each movement was slow and deliberate. You sighed loudly and you moved your face in between my toned, tanned legs. I could see you five o'clock shadow on your cheeks and chin and knew the rough stubble would feel even more amazing than your fingers. Your thumb moved away from my clit, but your fingers maintained their slow pace as they worked in and out of my cunt. 

I gripped the edge of the desk to brace myself as the tip of your tongue lightly touched my clit. The movement was just as slow and intentional as your fingers. You kept pace and my body hung on the edge of orgasm. Your tongue flicked against my slit and then, you took my clit into your mouth and sucks. My legs jolted.

Your fingers thrust in harder as your sucked and bit down gently. I released one hand and held your head. As you exhaled, the hot air mixed with your hot tongue and tickled. My clit was engorged and begging for release.

"I'm so close," I mumbled, winding his hair though my fingers. "Mr. Porter, I want to cum. Please make me cum."

Your tongue started working more urgently over my clit and your fingers kept up. Wishing seconds my first orgasm ripped through me in waves. As my clit throbbed violently, you sucked harder prolonging the intensity. Finally, my arms gave out and my body collapsed on the desk. You withdrew your fingers and your mouth pulled on my clit one last time. I was sat up as you stood up. As hungry as my cunt had been, my mouth wanted to taste your cock even more. I slid off the desk, without my shoes, my head barely reached your shoulders.

With your hands now free, you reached into my shirt and pulled both tits out of my bra. Your hands smelled like my pussy.

I dropped to my knees and in one swift movement, I opened your pants and freed your cock from your boxers. The sheer size of it overwhelmed me. You'd said 10 inches, but I was certain it was even bigger. Closer to eleven inches. Maybe even twelve. I was ready for my footlong.

"Oh," I sighed, "Mr. Porter."

You looked down at me and smiled as I gazed at your cock with genuine admiration. 

"You're going to fill me right up," I giggled. Your cock was throbbing as I took it in my hand. Precum glistened on the tip like a diamond. Normally, I like to get to know a cock before I suck it - tease the balls, caress the shaft, give it a few licks - but I needed your cock in my mouth. I needed to taste you.

Eagerly, I slid my lips over your shaft, letting my tongue lightly glide over the top.

"Mmmm," I hummed as the tip hit the back of my throat. I hummed again, the vibration running the length of you. I heard you sigh loudly. Your hands rested on the back of my head and you gently pushed in further. I couldn't wait another second. I began bobbing my mouth over your cock. Your dick glided in and out of my mouth with ease as my tongue worked over it.

Your member tensed, signaling to me a release was imminent. Since I still had my sweater on, I knew I couldn't risk losing a single drop. So, as it twitched in my mouth, I sucked harder and harder, milking the cum out. The hot, sticky sweet jizz filled my mouth as you exploded with such force that it flowed down my throat.

You withdrew from my mouth and my cunt ached, begging to be filled. Still on my knees, I took you into my hands and started rubbing. Your cock was hot with my cum and yours, the perfect lubricant for jerking you off. Though you'd released your load, your dick was at least eight inches flaccid. I marveled at the size and watched intently as it started to grow again in my hands.

In less than a minute, you were ready again.

"Mr. Porter?" I asked as I slid back up on the desk. "My cunt needs your cock."

You nodded in agreement slowly. I licked my lips and then bit down on my lower lip. I scooted forward a little so my ass was on the edge. My legs fell open, but I placed a hand on each thigh and slid them further apart. I was dripping. You watched intently as I dug three fingers into my hole. I withdrew them and held them to my mouth. I licked off my juices.

"I'm ready," I whispered.

You took your cock in your hand and I reached down and opened my pussy lips for you. In one swift movement, you plunged into me and lifted me off the desk. You spun around and slammed me into the wall. Wrapping my arms around your neck and my legs around your waist, I pulled you into me. All ten inches buried into my cunt. The tip slammed into my cervix. I'd never fucked a man as large as you. My vibrator was only 9 inches long and an inch and a half wide. Your cock was almost 12 inches and at least two inches thick.

I rocked my hips up and down, begging you to slam into me again, but you made small, quick thrusts. My tits were smashed into your chest and the buttons of your dress shirt dug into me. Your tie hung just long enough to tickle my clit as you moved in and out.

We found a rhythm and your hands dug into my ass as you fucked me.

You grunted as my pussy clenched around your throbbing cock. I released a hand from your neck and found my clit. I began rubbing it as you rocked in and out of me. You released one hand from my ass and held me tighter with the other. Your arms strained as you held all 120 pounds of me up with one arm. Slapping my hand away from my clit, you reached down and started massaging it with your thumb. 

"Mr. Porter," I cooed as my breath quickened. "Fill me with your cum. Fill me please."

Your cock tensed as my clit throbbed. Just as you released your seed inside me, my cunt tightened around you and my orgasm ripped through me. My clit and your cock throbbed in sync as we came together. As my pussy seized around you, it milked every drop of cum out of you. Your knees buckled and I slid down the wall as you dropped the the floor. Your cock still inside me, I started to grind on your lap. I'd never had more than two orgasms, but your impressive cock still inside me kept making me hungrier and hungrier.

I could feel your cock hardening again. I smiled. I leaned back and placed my hands on the wall above me. You sat up and grabbed my tits, one in each hand, and began to massage them. Your fingers expertly worked over my nipples. The friction from your pelvis on mine and the sensation of your hands on my breasts sent my body into a tailspin.

Where you'd been slow and deliberate with your fucking, I was hard and erratic. I rolled my hips and bounced up and down. I used the wall to support myself as I fucked you. I slammed down one last time, hitting my clit just right.

"Oh fuck!" I screamed loud enough for the entire office to hear. The thought of everyone knowing what we were doing intensified the pleasure that was taking over my body. I moaned loudly, wondering if Mr. Jenkins could hear us in his office. Was Mr. Bradford, the other partner who shared an office wall with me, jerking off as he listened. I'd caught him rubbing one out once. I'd offered to help, but he'd just blushed and sent me on my way. 

My body shuddered one last time and I fell into you just as your cock tensed and exploded.

As you lifted me off of you, my cunt made a popping sound as your cock flopped out. You stood up and tucked your dick back into your boxers and zipped your pants.

I sat under you, my tits hanging out of my sweater and my cunt red and used. Your cum dripped down my legs. I took my hand and wiped some up, then licked my hand.

"Better than lunch," I mused.

You held down a hand and helped me to my feet. Gently, you lifted each breast up and placed them back into my bra. Then, you took your time adjusting them so my cleavage was just right. Before you withdrew each hand, you tugged my nipples one last time. I gasped.

"Better than Mr. Jenkins?" You asked as you leaned in and pulled me into a deep kiss. You bit my lip softly as you pulled away.

"Bigger," I said and smirked. "Better and more stamina. But, I might need a side by side comparison."

You smiled and said, "I don't think I'm willing to share you."

You handed me my pants and I slipped them on. "You never did give me that report."

"Tomorrow," you said with a laugh. "Wear that tight red, leather skirt."