 It was my second call of the day. I was a rep working the Northwest of England. I lived near London so that meant I was on the road most of the time.

The building was an undistinguished two storey block on a small industrial estate on the edge of Blackpool. I parked my car in one of the customer bays and went in.

"I have an appointment to see Mrs. Green at midday" I said to the receptionist. While she made a phone call I signed in. "Someone will be down to meet you shortly" she said.

I sat down and waited for a few moments then a woman came down the stairs, gave me a beaming smile and said "I'm Shirley, Mrs. Green's PA. Would you follow me please"

Shirley was dressed in a rather drab business suit with her blonde hair up. She was attractive and had a good figure, a bit on the curvy side, but it was well hidden by her suit. She looked to be in her early 40s and had a rather frazzled look about her.

I followed her up the stairs and was shown into Shirley's office which was just outside Mrs. Green's. "Mrs. Green is just finishing up. I'll show you in shortly. Is there anything I can get you?" asked Shirley. I declined and we chatted about this and that for a few minutes. I then heard raised voices from Mrs.Green's office and moments later a terrified looking man emerged and ran out of the office. Mrs. Green also emerged white with rage and yelled at Shirley "I've just sacked that useless sod of an accountant. Prepare his P45 and get him shown off the premises". Shirley nodded agreement, also looking terrified, and then introduced me.

I followed Mrs. Green into her office and went through my sales spiel but it was obvious she wasn't in the mood to hear what I had to say. After about 20 minutes or so I made my excuses and went back out to Shirley's office followed by Mrs. Green. "Have you done what I asked?" she barked at Shirley. "Yes Mrs. Green" she replied. 

"Well in that case you can go to lunch now. And don't be back late." and Mrs. Green went back into her office slamming the door.

I pulled a face at Shirley "Is she always like that?"

"Most of the time but I'm afraid but this is a particularly bad day"

I was ready for some lunch myself so I asked "Where's a good place to get some lunch around here and would you like to join me as I think you need a break?"

"Thank you I'd love to get out of the office. There's nice pub just down the road but she meant it about not getting back late" said Shirley.

"OK I promise I'll get you back in time". We drove to the pub which was less than 5 minutes away and I ordered a couple of drinks and some sandwiches.

We sat at a table in a quiet corner and as we chatted she began to relax a bit and some of the frazzled look I saw earlier began to lift. After a while we were laughing and joking and her face became animated and lively making her much more attractive, Having noticed my wedding ring (and me hers) she asked me how my wife coped with me being away so much and I explained that we had nearly split up a couple of years ago after we had both had affairs. We had talked it over and decided that we'd try an open marriage and to our surprise it had worked. I asked about her husband and she said that the passion had gone from the marriage and her husband just lived for beer and football.

I kept an eye on the time and made sure that we left the pub in good time to get Shirley back to the office as I didn't want to get her into trouble with the dragon. On the way back I asked her if she would like to join me for dinner that evening and if so could she recommend a good restaurant. She asked where I was staying. "That hotel's got a new restaurant that's had good reviews and yes I'd love to have dinner with you. Shall we say 7pm in the hotel bar?".

"What about your husband?" I asked. "Tonight his team is playing in Europe so he'll be straight down the pub after work and won't be home till midnight".

I went to give Shirley a peck on the cheek as I dropped her off and was delighted when she turned her head so I kissed her on the lips and she poked her tongue into my mouth. When she got out she gave me a wicked smile and a wink.

As I drove off to check in at the hotel I wondered what I had let myself in for. 

I had one more call that afternoon, rather more successful this time, and got back to the hotel around 5pm.

I changed out of my business suit, showered and put on some smart casual clothes. I watched TV for a while catching up on the news and went down to the bar around a quarter to 7. The bar was quiet so I sat at the bar, ordered a drink and got chatting to the barman. I told him I was waiting for my dinner date who was due at 7. By now it was 7:15 and I was beginning to think I had been stood up. Suddenly I noticed the barman's eyes widen and he drew in his breath sharply. I looked round to see a stunning woman with shoulder length blonde hair wearing a gorgeous red dress that showed off her figure magnificently. I did a double take and realised it was Shirley who had transformed herself losing 10 years in the process. I winked at the barman "My dinner date". "You lucky bastard" he gasped.

I went up to her and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "You look fantastic. How did you manage to turn yourself into such a gorgeous creature? I can't believe its the same put-upon PA I met earlier today".

"I can always turn it on when I need to and I've been dying for an excuse to wear this dress." she laughed, blushing at the compliment.

I bought her a drink and we went into the restaurant.

The food was good but we didn't really notice as we were having so much fun. We really hit if off and found ourselves telling each other the most intimate details of our lives. I couldn't take my eyes off her as she was by far the most beautiful woman in the room and she seemed equally interested in me.

All too soon it was time for coffee and liqueurs. Now was the awkward moment. "Shirley" I started to say when she put her finger on my lips and said "Well are you taking me back to your room or not?".

I laughed with relief and said "Right now you forward hussy and thanks for taking the words out of my mouth!". I leaned over and gave her a big sloppy french kiss to which she responded enthusiastically.

I signed the bill and we hurried over to the lift our arms around each other's waists. On the way the barman noticed us and gave me a thumbs up.

When we got to my room we both paused and kissed deeply for a while. I asked Shirley if she was sure she wanted to go through with this. "Yes. I've been starved of affection and passion for years and I want to have some fun while I'm still young enough to fully appreciate it"

I also asked about protection and she said she was still on the pill and not to worry.

With the awkward bits out of the way I told her I wanted to undress her myself. She nodded agreement. we stood in front of the full length mirror in the room. I slid down the zip at the back of her lovely red dress and she stepped out of it revealing her underwear. First a bright red bra that matched the dress and that barely concealed her beautiful rounded breasts. Next a matching red suspender belt that held up the sheer black stockings that encased her long legs. 

And NO PANTIES!! I teased her saying that she'd forgotten something but she just smiled and gave my stiff cock a squeeze though my trousers.

I removed her bra and cupped her generous breasts in my hands. They were a perfect size with large long nipples. I showered kisses upon them and began sucking her nipples hungrily.

She told me to stand back for a moment while she removed her suspender belt but not her stockings. She then stripped off my shirt and trousers. This revealed that I too was wearing no underpants so my cock sprang to attention as they came off. She laughed and said we both had the same idea.

However she was surprised and fascinated to find my cock and balls were completely shaved and she told me that she'd never seen that before. "It looks so much larger and cleaner that way" she gasped and proceeded to start licking it along its length before taking it into her mouth.

We moved over to the bed and I now had the chance to examine her pussy more closely. I had expected to find a full bush but in fact she had a beautiful brazilian cut with her pussy lips fully shaven. And what huge pussy lips they were, exactly to my taste. 

I complimented her on her shaven labia and she told me she had had it done only that day especially for me at a beauty parlour on the way home. That was why she had been a bit late for our date.

Shirley still wanted to suck and play with my shaven cock and balls so we started in the 69 position so I could bury my face and tongue in her pussy. Her lips were so large I could scarcely get them all into my mouth and when I spread them out flat they were like angels wings. I found her clit and began sucking it and teasing it with my tongue and teeth. Her breath was becoming shorter and I realised she was getting close to an orgasm. I redoubled my licking and sucking and slowly inserted my middle finger into her anus and massaged it gently. It was as though I had set off an explosion. Her body went rigid and she let out a scream of pure ecstasy as an enormous orgasm engulfed her. "My God" she cried "I can't remember having one that good for years. What did you do?"

"I just paid attention to giving you a good time" I replied. "If you don't have a good time then neither do I"

"Right well let's see about giving you a good time then" she smiled and set about sucking my cock in earnest. While very enthusiastic she seemed a bit inexperienced so I gave her some guidance about how it should be done and she admitted it was only the second time she had ever sucked anyone off.

I have to say that Shirley was a very fast learner and turned into one of the best cock suckers I had experienced. Not suprisingly in a very short while I was ready to shoot my load. I asked her if she wanted me to come in her mouth and she nodded enthusiastically so I let go with both barrels. Her mouth rapidly filled with my come and it started to dribble out the sides. I removed my cock and to my astonishment and delight Shirley swallowed what was in her mouth and then licked her lips to pick up any stray drops. She followed up by licking the end of my cock clean and swallowed that as well. I told her I was surprised that she had swallowed and she told me that in the past her husband had liked to wank himself off and spray his come in her face and that she had got a taste for come from that. "Your come tastes a lot better than his anyway" she twinkled.

We lay back for a moment to recover and I continued to kiss and suck her nipples while stroking her pussy lips and clit. She was tweaking my nipples and stroking and tugging my cock to encourage it back to life. As we lay there we experienced that wonderful feeling of naked skin next to naked skin and after a short while my cock began to stiffen again. "Fuck me" Shirley whispered "Fuck me hard".

I climbed on top of her and plunged my ramrod stiff cock into her sopping wet cunt. It was amazing. I had never felt so powerful before and I drove in and out as though I could last forever. I could feel that Shirley was getting excited and I was determined to bring her to a climax using my cock alone. Our coupling grew more frenzied and we threw ourselves around the bed for what seemed to ne an age. Finally Shirley screamed "I'm coming" and with a few more deep and powerful thrusts she had an orgasm even more powerful than the one she had earlier and as her cunt gripped my cock in the throes of it I came and came and came.

We both fell back totally exhausted with very satisfied smiles on our faces.

"That's the first time I've ever come without having my clit diddled" she sighed "and it was the best ever".

"I've never had such a good fuck either" I said.

After a while we both went into the shower and washed away the results of the night's exertions. While doing this I brought her to another dreamy orgasm and she sucked my cock back to hardness and swallowed another load of come.

We both dressed rather reluctantly and I escorted her downstairs and waited until her taxi arrived. I gave Shirley a final deep goodnight kiss and sent her on her way. What a woman!

I stopped for a nightcap at the bar and assured the barman that it had been a great evening. I slept well that night!

Shortly after that I was transferred to another area nearer home and I never had the chance to repeat our night of passion.