 I slid into the vinyl booth, the silk of my dress catching with the friction. I winced as my bare ass skid against the cold seat. Mr. Bradford had kept my panties this morning. He'd also sent me back to my office without allowing me to cum. My clit ached as it throbbed.

I'd arrived at the office at 6:45 and he immediately called me in for my morning spanking. The past month, we had all fallen into a routine. Mr. Bradford dominated my ass each morning. Mr. Porter gently ate and fucked my pussy at lunch and I'd have Mr. Jenkins's cock for dinner. Monday through Friday this was my routine. At first, my cunt and ass had been worn out by Wednesday, but by now hump day was just the beginning and I was wet and ready after day. I'd recover on the weekends and show up ready to do my part on Monday.

But today, Mr. Jenkins had invited me to lunch with you, Mr. Carter, our largest client. Thanks to your wondering eyes and hands, your sexual harassment lawsuits kept Bradford Jenkins law firm floating in cash. 

I'd taken to wearing tight dresses with easy access, they made my busy days easier. No buttons to fiddle with and no pants to slip off. All any of the partners had to do to get to my goods, was flip up a skirt and reach in. Most days I didn't bother with panties, but Mr. Bradford had demanded I wear them today. He said my mouth was ruining his ties and his wife had become suspicious.

Today's dress was a red wrap dress and the silk clung to my curves in all the right places. My black lace bra played peekabo under the deep plunging neckline. Mr. Porter had been looking forward to popping my tits out of the top and sucking them raw, or so his email had said when I'd told him I'd be busy at lunch.

When we arrived at the restaurant, your wondering eyes lived up to their reputation as you took me in. You'd insisted we wait for the round corner booth in the back of the restaurant so both you and Mr. Jenkins could sit beside me. While we waited for the table, you'd stood behind me and showed me just how adventurous your hands were. By the time we sat down, I was afraid the hostess would see the juices dripping down my thighs.

"Wine?" Mr. Jenkins asked as we sat down and winked at me. I nodded and requested red. You agreed.

Mr. Jenkins was on my right and you were on my left. Both of you had a hand on my thigh. Your hand drifted further north and I heard you gasp as you discover my naked, hairless pussy. Mr. Jenkins laughed.

"I told you you'd be pleased with her work," he said as his own hand touched my lips. Both of you took turns teasing my opening. I knew I was in for a long, enjoyable lunch.

You shoved my skirt up my thigh just as the waiter returned with the wine. A burst of cold air sent a shiver down my spine. The waiter blushed and stammered as my bare pussy flashed. Mr. Jenkins quickly pulled the skirt down enough to cover me and we ordered lunch.

I watched as you pulled the cork from the wine bottle and smiled at me. You inserted it into your mouth and licked the wine off. Then, you ducked your hand under the table again. Mr. Jenkins spread my pussy lips gently as you pressed the cork against my wet, gaping hole. I let out a low moan and you pushed it in.

"Cross your legs," you whispered. Your hand nestled into my cunt as I obliged. Mr. Bradford had taught me a thing or two about following directions. I no longer hesitated. I shifted slightly as the cork pressed into my hole. It hit just the right spot and I settled into the warmth of your hand. As it pressed into my clit, I wondered how anyone could not enjoy your touch or advances. I started to slowly rock my hips, causing your hand to rub my clit. I moaned again.

Mr. Jenkins patted my knee and said, "that's our girl."

As quickly as you'd put it there, you withdrew your hand but left the cork. Both you and Mr. Jenkins removed your hands as you slid my skirt back down.

The conversation turned to your latest lawsuit and I took notes as Mr. Jenkins referenced the women involved and the dollar amounts for the settlement options. As the conversation wore on, my pussy clinched around the cork. It tried to escape more than once, but each time I tightened my legs and worked it back in. 

The waiter, still flustered by the bit of pussy he'd seen earlier, returned with our food. You and Mr. Jenkins dug in, but I just stared at my salad. I was starving, but my appetite wouldn't be satiated by a salad. 

"Eat," you barked. I took my fork into my hand and stabbed into the bowl, quickly taking a bite. You rewarded my obedience by dropping a hand to my thigh. Gently, you nudged my knees apart and I uncrossed my legs. You reached between them and pulled out the cork. Cum poured from my pussy as you dropped it to the floor. Your thumb teased my clit and I slipped forward just enough to cause your finger to slip inside.

I dropped my head back into the booth and sighed loudly. I slid my hand to your lap and grabbed your cock. I felt up and down the length of your shaft. You were hard and you felt as big as Mr. Jenkins. Seven inches at least. Well, at least that's what I gathered as I gripped you through your pants. You shifted in your seat and nodded towards the table. You lifted the long, black table cloth and I looked down.

It was a busy lunch hour in the dimly lit restaurant. Our table was tucked in a back corner, but we weren't completely hidden. I looked around the room to see who might be watching, but everyone else was lost In their own world. I licked my lips and looked at you eagerly. I slid under the table and knelt in front of you in one swift move. I had your pants undone and your dick out within seconds.

"Oh, Mr. Carter," I moaned. "This meat looks more delicious than anything I've ever seen."

I marveled at the girth and wondered if your fat cock would even fit it my mouth. I licked the tip a few tips and then worked my hands down the shaft towards your balls. I cupped them gently and massaged. Your hands slammed down on the table as I slowly opened my mouth and slid my lips over your cock. I felt Mr. Jenkins slide over and fill my seat. 

The sound of his zipper opening echoed under the table. I reached towards him, found his knee and worked my hand up to find his familiar member. It was already wet with precum. As I bobbed up and down on your shaft, I took his into my hand and jerked him off. The sensation of having a cock in my hand and in my mouth made my cunt throb. I started missing the cork, but ached for one of you to touch me. 

I ignored my own urgency and started working over your cock with my tongue and mouth. As you started the throb, you grabbed my head and pushed me down harder. Thankfully, I was able to relax my throat just as you hit my tonsils. Your dick slid effortlessly down my throats and I felt it pulse one last time. You started to pull out, but I let go of Mr. Jenkins so I could take your throbbing prick in my hands and hold it steady in my mouth. As you shot your load, I sucked and swallowed every last drop.

"You weren't kidding, she's a hungry little slut," you laughed.

Mr. Jenkins's cock was standing straight up by now, so I worked my way over to him. I felt your hand remain on my head and as I took Mr. Jenkins's dick into my mouth, you started to push my head down as I bobbed. The added pressure and hands made Mr. Jenkins cum in record time. Like the dutiful employee, I swallowed every last drop of his cum too and then licked him clean. 

When I popped up from the table, I wiped my mouth with the napkin and smiled at the red faced waiter standing at out table. I asked him for a glass of water and he scurried off.

We finished our meal in silence and I excused myself to the restroom as Mr. Jenkins paid the tab. I closed the door to the single stall behind me, but didn't lock the door. I leaned against the sink, and marveled at my tits as they spilled out of my dress. I reached between my legs and found my clit, throbbing and begging for release. Just as I stared to climax, the door opened.

"Oh, no you don't!" You said and you rushed in. You whipped me around and lifted me to the counter. My. Jenkins came in behind you and locked the door.

"I know you're an ass man, but her ass belongs to Mr. Bradford," he reminded you.

"I remember how all this works," you said. "Miss Kelley is my first rodeo with the young trial lawyers at Bradford Jenkins."

I'd heard rumors from the other women in my law classes. Bradford Jenkins had a reputation for hiring one young, attractive female every two years. I'd heard through the grapevine that fucking was part of the company culture. When my interview had involved drug and STD testing, I really got my hopes up. I was honestly surprised it had taken this long before they'd started using me. The promise of being used by the distinguished older gentleman of Bradford Jenkins was the sole reason I'd applied. Plus, being the firm's fuck toy had its perks. As I increased my intake of cum loads, my case load lightened. I was beginning to spend more of my day fucking than I was working.

You slipped me off the counter and turned me back towards it. You flipped my dress up and rubbed my ass.

"Such a shame too, she's got an ass begging to be fucked," you mused. "But your pussy will do just fine."

Mr. Jenkins knelt in front of me and started licking my slit like a starved dog. You bent me over the counter as your hands reached in my dress to find my nipples. As you tweaked and pulled them, I felt Mr. Jenkins hot breath on my clit.

"She's ready," he announced. For good measure, he slipped two fingers and pumped my hole, priming it for you.

You placed your hands on my back and slid in closer. I felt your cock slide down my ass and tease my hole. I gasped. Mr. Bradford's cum was still leaking out of me from this morning and I knew I'd be in for a flogging if you even came close. You lingered for a moment and then laughed. You gave my ass a quick slap and moved your dick down towards my cunt. As you slipped inside me, your wide cock - almost a Coke bottle - stretched me wide open. 

Mr. Jenkins kept focused on my clit as you pushed your way in.

I let out a yelp as my pussy stretched and strained at your girth. You grunted as you pushed your way in.

"How the fuck is she still so tight?" You asked. I stepped wider, allowing you to sink even deeper.

With you inside me and Mr. Jenkins sucking my clit like he hadn't eaten I days, I closed my eyes and allowed my mind to drift off into nothing. This wasn't my first threesome, but it was my first sober threesome and I was going to enjoy every second. I found a rhythm that allowed you to hit me in all the right spots, but that also gave him the best angle to suck me.

As your thick cock slammed in and out of of, I was thankful for all the teasing and anticipation from earlier. I was so wet that even your three inch wide cock glided in and out with ease. The harder you pounded me, the harder Mr. Jenkins sucked my clit. I felt my cunt tighten around your member as my first orgasm ripped through me. Just as he released my clit from his mouth, your cock exploded and you came inside me. Your lips landed on my neck and you started kissing and sucking. You gave my ass one last slap and my pussy popped as you pulled out.

"My turn Carter," Mr. Jenkins announced as you stepped aside.

He flipped me around and lifted me back onto the counter as you leaned against the door to watch. Mr. Jenkins was tall and the counter put my pussy at the perfect height for his dick to enter me effortlessly. He yanked open my wrap dress and forced his hands across my stomach. As he released my bra, I kept my eyes on you. His hands massaged my tits as they bounced free. His mouth found my nipple and he started sucking. He bit down as he slammed into me, I tried to hold in a scream, but it flew out of my mouth before I could stop it.

You were slowly working for cock in your hands, it beaded wth my cum and yours. I watched as your hand worked up and down your shaft in time to the rhythm he was using to ram me. I lift my arms over my head to brace myself of the mirror and he released my breast from his mouth. My tits bounced uncontrollably as he pounded me, hard and fast as he usually did. As you watched, I started grinding into him harder putting on a show for you.

I bit down on my lower lip as Mr. Jenkins started to intensify his pummeling of my pussy. I reached out my hand and you grabbed it. You came closer and Mr. Jenkins lifted me off the counter. He slid down the wall so that I was on top of him. You stepped in closer and I slid my dress off and pushed it aside. As I rode him, I turned to face you and took you back into my mouth. Your cock tasted of my pussy and your cum. I licked it clean as you pumped in and out of my mouth. Your fingers intertwined with my hair and you held my head steady, allowing me to once again take you all the way in. We found a pace and I bobbed on you while I rode him. I decided I could stay like this forever. Every thrust brought me pure ecstasy.

Mr. Jenkins prick throbbed as he came. He started pawing at my clit ferociously, but I'd already started to cum. Just as your load filled my mouth again, an orgasm ripped through my body. We all came together and now all three of my holes had been filled with cum. I pulsed my pussy around his prick as I sucked you dry. I need all of the cum I could get.

Mr. Jenkins pulled out and I bent over to lick his cock clean. Your cum, my juices and his jizz were all over his cock. I was careful not to reawaken the beast, so I licked it clean quickly. You helped me to my feet and took a moment to fondle my breasts.

"Next time, I'm fucking your tits and I'm not sharing," you announced.

"It's a shame I've got a meeting with Mr. Porter."