 I walked through the dimly lit parking garage and held my purse tight and close to my chest. The cold December wind burned the exposed skin of my chest and legs. I silently cursed myself for forgetting to grab my long, black wool coat this morning. The click clack of my heels was the only sound and it echoed through the concrete hallways. 

I glanced at my watch. Ten minutes past nine. I had meant to leave the office by six, but deadlines didn't care about my schedule or grumbling stomach. By the time I'd shut my computer off the entire city had gone to sleep. The lonely walk from my office building to the parking garage was just four blocks, but it had felt like miles.

This morning the sun had been bright and it was nearly fifty degrees out, so the short sleeve, lightweight white cotton top had been perfect. The plunging neckline dipped deep below my full breasts, which spilled out of the red push up bra I'd worn to match the red lace panties that were seamless under the tight, black pencil skirt I'd carefully selected. Both the top and skirt were tight enough to show off every delicate curve of my body.

At twenty-five, I was one of the youngest trial lawyers at the firm. And at 5 foot 2 inches tall and 120 pounds, my frame was often lost among the sea of six foot five 200 pound men that filled my office. The only other woman in the firm was Greta, the 70 year old secretary that refused to answer the phone. All the men noticed me. Most appreciated the deep red bra peeking out from the white shirt. I felt their eyes on me all day and often fantasized about showing them what was underneath.

A burst of cold air rushed through the garage and caught my breath. I felt my nipples harden and brush against the silk bra. A shiver went down my spine. I thought of how warm your hands had felt when they'd accidentally brushed my arm at the copier earlier today. I pulled my purse in tighter, hugging it close and wishing it were you instead.

I've been watching and admiring you for months. My dresses and outfits got tighter and tighter in hopes that yours notice me. When I'd noticed you admiring my breasts one afternoon, I silently vowed to fill my wardrobe with shirts that showed off my double Ds. It seemed to be working.

Today, your blue eyes caught mine across the room and we held a deep, sensual gaze for a moment. Then, as I bit my lower lip, I felt your eyes travel down my face and to my chest. Gently, I'd arched my back and pretended to stretch causing the buttons of my shirt to strain. You'd cleared your throat loudly and brushed your hands through your salt and pepper hair. When you stood up to leave the meeting, I noted the bulge straining under your flat front slacks and smiled.

The rest of the day, I couldn't help but notice you going out of your way to come into my office with random requests. Each time I got up to go to the restroom or copier, you were a step behind me. We brushed arms in the hallway and you'd smiled at me, humming under your breath. When you'd called me in to your office, I'd secretly hoped you'd shut the door behind me, locking it and closing the blinds. Instead, you'd handed me a stack of reports and demanded I read, review and summarize them by the end of the day. It was already four and I knew I'd need at least four hours to get through the stack of papers.

"Tonight?" I asked timidly, dropping my eyes to avoid the heat that was radiating from yours. In the five months I'd worked here, I'd never once questioned an order given by you or any of the other partners. My cheeks flushed and I shifted uneasily on my feet.

"Yes," you said sternly. "Tonight."

"This will take at least four hours," I said. I didn't dare lift my eyes. I'd noticed you'd loosened your tie and had removed your sport coat. Your muscles and strength always showed through the fitted white shirts you wore. I'd already made multiple trips to the bathroom to relieve the pressure in my cunt. Just looking at your arms straining against the seams of your shirt or seeing your bulge test the constraints of your pants turned my panties into a swimming pool.

"Then I guess you're staying late. I expect your notes in my inbox before the day is done," you said and paused. 

The silence filled the room, but I didn't dare lift my head. My cheeks were pink and I knew my eyes would deceive me. They were hungry. I was hungry. We'd been passively flirting for months and I spent half my day imagining you bending me over your desk and fucking me senseless. Something in your voice struck a nerve and a familiar dampness filled my panties. I noticed my chest rising and falling rapidly as my breath quickened.

"Miss Kelley?" You said. "This is an order not a request. Do you understand?"

The words cut through the air like bullets and I'd jerked my head up. I nodded, "Yes."

You stood behind your desk, staring straight through me, arms crossed. "Yes?" You demanded.

"Yes," I swallowed hard. "Yes, sir. I understand Mr. Jenkins. I'll have this done tonight."

You nodded. Your lips twitches into a small smile. I started to return the gesture when your eyes darted back to my face. Your smile vanished and your jaw clenched.

I shivered slightly as I noticed the stark lines in your face deepen. You were twenty years my senior, but the wrinkles in your face made you appear authoritative and strong. The chill in the room hit my skin and my nipples tingled as they hardened. Your eyes glanced down and I almost regretted the lightweight shirt and bright bra I'd chosen until I saw the look of pleasure on your face. I knew the deep red fabric was visible through the white cotton. The lighting in your office likely made the shirt even more transparent.

By the time I finished the reports, everyone had gone home, including you. You hadn't even popped in to check on my progress when you left at 8:30. We'd been the only two left in the office and I'd secretly been hoping you'd stick around to walk me out. Or fuck me. I was flexible. But, you left without a word and turned out all the lights behind you literally leaving me in the dark.

I shook off the memory and turned my attention back to the empty garage. The familiar bumper of my SUV was just a few steps ahead of me. I stopped and opened my purse, digging for my keys. My fingers wrapped around the cool metal and I pulled them out. The light above my car popped and the parking garage fell completely dark. My car was the only car on the floor and suddenly it felt miles away. I quickly took a step forward and hit the unlock button. That's when I saw the shadow.

The tall figure was leaning against my driver's side door. The six foot frame seemed imposing and stopped me in my tracks.

"Hello?" I said timidly.

"Don't run," a deep, gravely voice responded. It sounded familiar.

"Mr. Jenkins?" I asked. My voice filled with hope. Could it be you? Blood surged through my body and a heat wave rushed over me. 

"Don't speak." He ordered. "Turn around."

As my eyes adjusted to the lack of light, my heart quickened. Was it him? The harshness in his tone took me by surprise. I kept staring at the outline of his face in the dark.

"Turn the fuck around," he barked. I jumped and quickly turned away from him. My heart pounded as he moved towards me. I felt his breath on my neck. As he exhaled, a burst of heat hit me. 

My skin tingled as he brushed his arm against mine. He grabbed my arms and pulled me back into him, hard. I felt the strength of his engorged cock brush against my back. The dampness returned to my cunt and I clenched my legs together trying to calm the surge. The contraction sent chills down my body. I wanted to reach into my panties and relieve the pressure. I still wasn't sure if he was you, but the way his skin felt against mine felt safe, despite the situation I had found myself in. 

His hands swiftly wrapped a dark, heavy cloth over my eyes. Once he secured it, he grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head back. His lips grazed my neck and his hands wrapped around my waist. He pulled me closer, his cock digging into my back. I was desperate to turn to face him. My juices flowed down my thighs.

"That's better, Miss Kelley," he whispered urgently into my ear. "Your attitude earlier was unacceptable. And this shirt ..." he toyed with the bottoms before slipping a hand into my bra and pinching my nipple. Oh my god, I thought. My hand twitched as I felt my clit become engorged.

The tension in my body released as your voice filled my ears. I pushed my body back into yours and wriggled my arms free from your grasp, but you grabbed them and tightened your grip. You stepped back and disappointment rushed over me as the pressure from your cock left my back. You clasped your hand around my wrists, chaining them together. Then you pulled. My back arched and I felt a rush of cold hair assault my breasts. The buttons of my shirt finally gave way to the pressure. I heard them hit the floor. Not missing a beat, you pulled me backwards and guided me to the car. For a second your released my hands and I heard the locks open. 

"On your knees cunt," your voice said urgently. I didn't hesitate and dropped to my knees hard. The concrete scrapped my skin and my knees popped as they hit the ground. 

"Take off the blindfold Mr. Jenkins," I said, my voice shaking. "I want to see you."

Slap! Your hand landed hard on my breast and my tits bounced in response. I heard you draw in a sharp breath and the another slap. My skin stung under the heat of your hand. I gasped. With me hands now free, I reached to my shoulders and slid my shirt off. You grabbed my hands and shoved the to the side. More buttons flew off as you ripped the shirt off of me and tossed it aside. 

I heard you shuffle for a moment, moving behind me. You opened the car door and I heard the engine fire. Heat from the exhaust brushed my bare back. Despite the chill I the air, I wanted to reach behind my back and release my bra. I wanted to show you the tits you'd been admiring for months. I wanted to feel your hands tugging and pulling on them. I wanted your mouth to cover them, your teeth and tongue teasing. 

You moved back in front of me. I could feel the heat from your body.

"Please, Mr. Jenkins," I cooed, changing my approach. "May I see you, please? Your cock feels so big, I need to see it"

"No," you barked. "Open your mouth."

I opened it, eager for you to fill it. Your fingers traced my lips for a moment and then you slowly pushed your finger in. I wanted to show you how good I could be, so I whirled my tongue in circles and flicked your finger. 

"Please," I asked again, my voice muffled by your finger.

I tried desperately to peer through the blind fold, but I couldn't see a thing. You withdrew your fingers and I groaned as I heard the sound of your zipper coming undone. I took this opportunity to reach behind my back and unhook my bra. Finally free, they bounce and jiggle for a moment and I heard you sigh. I started to beg you to touch them, but as I opened my mouth, the tip of your cock touched my lips. I opened my mouth wider, letting you in. Relaxing my throat as you entered slowly, I moaned and hummed as all eight inches entered my mouth. 

I'd held dozens of members in my mouth and it had been months since the last time I'd held a dick in my mouth, but I'd never once had one this hard, long and thick. You filled me. I pulled my hands up and searched for the rest of the shaft. Once I found it, I started sucking hard and pumping my hands fast. Your balls slapped my chin and the thrust of your hips as you fucked my mouth shoved me back, my knees scraped hard against the concrete. I briefly wished I'd opted for pants.

I felt you stiffen and rolled my tongue around your shaft and started pulsing my tongue. The motion sent you over the edge and your warm seed filled my mouth. Salty and sweet. I swallowed and smiled as you pulled out. "Mmmmm," I moaned as I licked my lips.

"On your feet," your demanded. I stood quickly as a few drips of cum trickled down my face. Your hands reached for the blindfold and you yanked it off. The darkness subsided and I looked down at your dick, limp, but still impressive. Then, I looked up and met your eyes. "You're a hungry little slut, Miss Kelley."

I smiled. Taking my left breast into my left hand, I squeezed it and then used my right hand to tug and roll the nipple. I bit my lower lip and looked up at you, "I'm starving."

Your cock sprang to attention and my pussy tightened as a wave of heat flooded it lips. The muscles throbbed as they ached to be filled with all of you. My panties were soaked and I needed them off. I continued playing with my breast as you watched.

"Mr. Jenkins?" I asked and licked my lips, taking in a lingering taste of cum.

"Miss Kelley, turn around please, remove your skirt," you commanded. I only half listened. I turned around and leaned into the drivers door of my car. I bent over, letting my breasts rest on the leather seats. My ample ass lifted in the air and I stepped wide, spreading my legs. Your hand landed hard on my ass. Once. Twice. Three times. And a forth. "Remove your skirt."

"No," I answered breathlessly. Your hand came down hard again. I shook my head. Three more spanks. Each contact sent me closer to the edge "No."

The last "no" did it. You grabbed my hair in your fist and yanked my head back. I felt your cock, hard as a rock again, dig into my ass. Your other hand pressed the small of my back down. Your teeth grazed my ear as you whispered, "Remove your skirt you fucking whore."

"No," I repeated. I braced myself for another slap, but it didn't come. Instead, your slid your hand over my ass and down my leg. Then, you gripped my thigh and roughly moved your hand up towards my panties. You hooked a finger in the side and shoved them aside exposing my cunt lips to the cold air. Without warning, you pried the lips apart with your thumb and index finger. Without missing a beat, your shoved two fingers into my cunt and pumped them hard. Your thumb and index finger joined and and your fist filled me.

"Tight and wet," you mused. Your shoved your hand in. You pulled it out. Back in. You slammed into me, jolting me forward every time. I rocked my hips, forcing your hand in deeper.

I reached to my side and shimmed my skirt up, exposing my red lace panties. You withdrew your hand. Before I could recover, your plunged your cock into me. 

"Fuck," I moaned as your filled and stretched me. "Me. Jenkins, please fuck me. Fuck me."

You slammed into me. As I pulled my body back, you reached under me and grabbed my breast with one hand and reached to my clit with the other. Your pressed your thumb against my clit and started massaging. I reached down and grabbed your hand, forcing it harder against me. I clinched my cunt around your cock, begging it to pinned harder and deeper. You obliged and drilled depose into me. Your body tensed and you started to pull out. I pushed back into, thrusting my pussy back into your cock

"Don't stop. Cum inside me," I begged. "I'm on the pill."

You grunted and thrusted one last time and your cock pulsed into me as your seed filled me as my clit seized and my orgasm ripped through me. 

Emptiness rushed over me as you pulled out. I turned to face you and smiled as I felt your cum dripping down my legs. You stepped towards me and grabbed my breast as your forced your lips on mine and your tongue explored my mouth. I pulled back.

"I hope your have more reports for me tomorrow," I sighed.