 When Dave wired a phone in the bathroom he thought it was cool and convenient. I guess it was a good idea because none of this would have happened without it.

Dave and Amy were my next-door neighbors of fifteen years. When they first moved in I always enjoyed watching her mow the grass wearing short shorts and a bikini top. Over the years we all got to know each other pretty well in the neighborhood. Many random, drunken parties left no-one without some embarrassing incident that the others would be happy to recount at length.

Dave was a regular looking guy with a regular body, a reasonable sense of humor and enough sense to listen to his wife on matters of style. He was near-perfect, middle-class, husband material and I liked him.

But naturally, Amy was much more interesting to me. She had the near-perfect-middle-class wife thing worked out years ago but topped it off with a mild-wild streak, a slightly dirty sense of humor, and occasional drunken party blowouts. She had shoulder-length blonde hair, a pretty middle-class face, and small breasts.

Back in her mowing days, before their two kids came along, I lusted over her shapely legs, tight ass, and lovely bikini-clad torso, and small breasts never bothered me. Naturally, over the years, she gained weight. Her ass went from tight to "normal", her legs went from shapely to slightly plump but her torso remained taut and her tits remained small. Finally, at the time of this story, she seemed a little fat to me. Still hot, still pretty and far from gross, but a little fat, when unkindly compared to her younger days.

Dave and Amy had a beautiful yard and house. They both worked hard in the yard and artistic Amy did an amazing job on the interior and Dave brought home enough bacon to feed all the assorted tradesmen that her projects required. Then Dave lost his job (or so another nosey neighbor had gleefully informed me).

Over the next few weeks I saw Dave at home a lot more than usual, working on various projects. One spring day I chatted to him over the fence while he was surrounded by sawhorses and a pile of substantial-looking wooden beams. He told me he was finishing up a remodel of their bathroom and was installing the beams he'd acquired from a local farmer to complete the "country" theme that Amy was "demanding". He explained the difficulties he'd had attaching the heavy timbers to his ceiling but he'd worked out a combination of "skew nailing" and constructive adhesive that had solved the problem. Not really knowing his skill levels and abilities I simply nodded appreciatively and went about my life.

Several weeks later I was working in the yard when I saw Amy in her's. When she waved I stopped the mower and walked up to her fence for a chat. I have no idea what we talked about but I have a clear recollection of the dress she was wearing. It was conservative in length, style, color and pattern yet the top was gathered tightly across her small tits. My cock, who had been bored with mowing, awoke and began to pay attention. He began an insistent chant: "Look down at her tits, check out her nipples, look down at her tits...". Mightily resisting his demands didn't lend itself to much stimulating conversation so I excused myself and finished the lawn while my cock sulked.

I hit the shower as soon as I got inside. My bathroom window overlooks Dave and Amy's backyard and little else so I never close the blinds in daytime or at night. Today, as I began to shower, I saw Amy cross her lawn to her shed and then shortly return to her house. This ensured it was her turn to be the object of my showertime fantasies as I recalled the look of her little titties in that weird dress. I thought of following her to that shed, bending her over, lifting her dress, and groping her little titties from behind. Imagine my surprise, she isn't wearing panties! I was stroking my cock like crazy and my imaginary tip had just entered her fat imaginary little pussy when my phone rang.

I too have a phone in my bathroom. I work most of the time at home and Murphy's Law dictates that the urgency and importance of phone calls is directly proportional to the inconvenience of the current bathroom activity. The spoken caller ID told me the number: this was work and it was important. Torn, still hard, from my Amy fantasy, I cursed and dripped my way to the phone. Forty minutes later I was seated at my desk in a robe and the crisis was over when my phone rang again. Thinking the crisis was back I answered quickly but it was Amy and she was crying.

"Oh Thomas", she wailed, "I'm stuck and I need your help."

She launched into a nonsensical tale between sobs and it took me some time to calm her down. I was grabbing my nearest clothes - a t-shirt and a pair of fleecy lounge pants:

"I'm coming Amy, just calm down and tell me what you need."

"I'm trapped in the bath..." wailing... "I'm stuck and I can't get out..." thirty seconds of sobbing... "the back door is open but..."

"I'm coming. What is it Amy?"

There was only sobbing on the line. I had struggled into my clothes and stepped into my slippers. Amy's voice switched from panic to urgent determination:

"I can't believe I was so stupid! This is what happens to me! Thomas, you have to help me no matter what. Dave and the kids will be home in an hour and no matter what you think of me it will be better than them finding me like this. Come to my house, come up to the bathroom, and I'll fucking kill you if you say a fucking word!"

I was speechless. Her words swam around my brain looking for some logical place to reside. My forgotten dick immediately jumped in my pants as he matched the words "Amy", "bath", and "secret" to whole perverted set of illogical scenarios. With the phone to my ear I ran to her yard gate, across the patio to her back door:

"I'm at your back door." I told her. "Hurry" she said. "Back door Amy", said my cock.

I strode through the house and up the stairs. I'd never been up here before and didn't know the layout but I could hear running water from the partly open door to my right.

"I'm right here", I said.

"Thomas, I'm so sorry!" she wailed into both my free ear and my phone ear.

I ended the call and quickly but gingerly pushed open the door. It struck something solid and stopped at the halfway point. I stuck my head in the opening and I gasped at the sight before me. The entire beam construction had ripped from the ceiling. The four heavy timbers and the six crossbeams had remained attached to each other. The far left corner was the highest point where it had struck and damaged the sink. Nearer me, the toilet had taken the hit and a big beam at waist level was obstructing the door. But, on the right, the wreckage was at its lowest point and there lay Amy, face down in the tub, with a solid, 100lb beam lying along her naked back. The shower was still running.

"Fucking hell, Amy, are you alright?" But she just began to sob loudly.

I'm at my best in a crisis and a purposeful calm came over me. I pushed hard on the door and with effort I managed to squeeze my body into the room. I stepped over the fallen grid and made my way to her side. The heavy beam rested on the far end of the tub, pushing her head below the rim while the other end was actually in the tub, resting on her ass.

I reached to stop the water and I'm sure I audibly gasped when I took in the large purple dildo attached to the wall by its suction cup.

I was relieved to see that there was no blood in the water but, as it began to drain, it revealed yet another source of her shame: saved from its watery grave, a sleek silver vibrator began to dance and buzz on the enamel floor of the tub between her ankles.

I grabbed the vibrator, twisted it off at its base and set it aside on the floor. I took the phone from her hand and hit "Off". I put my hand on her bare shoulder and tried to find something to say: "Oh my god, Amy. are you hurt?"

Her wails had gone and her sobs were receding. Then that urgent, no-nonsense tone returned to her voice: "God, thank you Thomas, I'm so stupid... you've got to help me before Dave gets here... look, you know what I was fucking doing when that fucking stupid roof fell on top of me. It hit the shower curtain which stopped it from fucking killing me but, as that gave way, it pushed me down here and I can't fucking move! Thank god it knocked the stupid phone down beside the tub."

Amy rarely swore in her near-perfect-wifey role but I didn't begrudge her a "fuck" or two in every sentence in this particular fucked-up circumstance.

"Don't worry, don't struggle, we'll get you out of here."

It was immediately obvious that, barring a chainsaw, the only quick solution was for me to raise the beam at the shower end enough for her to wriggle out of the tub. I stood up to find the best approach to this. I put my right foot into the tub and I felt that I could lift the beam on the side of my hip but I realized that my leg would be blocking the only space where she could crawl out. I stepped up onto the tub facing the shower wall with one foot on each side, astride the tub [and astride Amy - my cock added quietly to himself]. Now I could squat over the beam and lift it safely with my legs.

"I'm going to lift this off your back and then you're going to have to wiggle down and out of the tub backward."

"Okay, quickly!"

I have strong legs and was in a good position to lift the heavy timber, still attached to the rest of the grid. I grunted, straightened and, with strength and adrenalin, lifted it easily from the tub floor to a height of about three feet. She groaned with relief as she finally found room to move. But she wasn't quite out of the woods yet. I was, facing north in a classic "bent over rowing" position above the tub while she faced south [naked - says my cock] with her head on the tub floor as she wiggled up onto her knees. With the crisis somewhat in hand it wasn't only my cock that stared as her pussy was displayed beneath me. She braced her feet at the end of the tub and began to push herself up using her hands.

Just when things couldn't possibly get crazier they did. Amy backed up. She pushed with her hands and straightened her legs. Her pussy was hidden from my wide-eyed view as her ass backed up towards the shower wall. Amy got her hands on the tub's grab handles and was nearly in position to straighten up and escape her undignified trap. Unfortunately she was also back in the same position she had been when all this started and the big, happy, purple dildo that had been in the perfect position for pleasure was now perfectly placed to maximize her humiliation.

"Oh, fuck!" she exclaimed when she made contact with him. She bucked against the beam I was holding and thrashed her ass frantically trying to escape his happy probing.

"Careful Amy!" I gasped as she almost knocked me off my precarious perch.

She froze for a second, caught her breath, and then wriggled more carefully, raising her right foot to her tiptoes until with an obscene plop the dildo flopped out between her legs. I stared. Un-fucking-believable-I'd-kill-my-mother-for-a-camera-right-now. With her pussy lips spread over a nine-inch purple dildo Amy wriggled from under the beam, her small [perfect - says cock] right tit grazing my arm and missing my mouth by a tongue length.

She climbed out from the tub [naked and still dripping - cock] and stood panting in one of the spaces in her ruined bathroom. I tried to lower my heavy burden carefully but my back ached so I dropped it the last twelve inches back into the tub. The crash shook her out of her trance and she began to cry again. I grabbed a large white towel from the rail behind me and hugged it around her shoulders. She sagged in my arms and cried on my shoulder. Only the towel was between me and her plump little [naked, perfect] body. My arms were around her bare back and the smell of her clean wet hair filled my nostrils. I pulled in my stomach and pushed out my ass to stop my stiffening cock from doing to her front what the big purple guy had tried to do to her ass. All of this had taken some ten or fifteen minutes.

"Dave!" she gasped, stepping back from me and grasping the towel. "I have to get out of here! He can't find me like this!"

She turned to the door, her back and ass exposed to my view, and again I saw her pussy as she stepped over the obstacle course. I stood frozen till she reached the door.

"Quickly, Thomas, let's go!"

I came to my senses and started after her but then I stopped, pulled the dildo from the wall and picked up the vibrator from the floor. She pushed out through the half-open door (more easily than my "fat" comments might have suggested) and as soon as she was out of sight. I'm going to hell, I thought, and I brought the dildo to my nose as I followed her out. I squeezed through the door and out into the hallway: a purple dildo in one hand, a vibrator in the other, and a large tent in my thin pants.

She stood in her bedroom facing me and still clutching the towel. I tried to avert my eyes from her bare ass in the mirror but when she saw what I was carrying she forgot the towel and grabbed them from my hands. She opened a drawer in her dresser, threw them inside and hastily arranged some clothes on top. I saw scrapes along her back and what looked like a line of bruises beginning to form. She turned to me:

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, Thomas! I'm such an idiot, I'm so sorry, thank you, thank you!"

"You're ok Amy, it's ok, take it easy."

As I drank in her full frontal nudity I saw a long nasty scrape on the inside of her thigh.

"You're scraped down there Amy and you have marks on your back."

"What am I going to say? How am I going to tell him that it hit me on the back and didn't knock my brains out?" What will he say that you saw me naked?"

I understood. All she could see was guilt for what she was doing when the beam fell. She was so scared of him finding her that way that she had preferred her utter humiliation with me. I knew what to say:

"Amy, don't worry, listen. I was never here. You were in the shower when the beams started to fall. It landed on the shower curtain rail and half-blocked the door. You ran out of the room just before it crashed to the floor. You were scared and you hurt yourself a little pushing through the door but you're ok."

"Ok, ok, thank you, thank you, I'm mortified, I'm so sorry!"

Cute little, plump, thick legged, trimmed blonde-pussied, small titted, naked Amy threw her arms around me and kissed me somewhere between my cheek and my mouth. She hugged me tight and then turned me to the door.

"Thank you Thomas! Oh my God, I owe you for this one! We'll have to talk..."

"Shhh, forget it Amy, good luck with Dave and his wonderful ceiling." I said. "Mmm, she owes me", said my cock.

I quickly went down stairs and let myself out the way I came in. "She leaves the door open while she fucks herself in the shower," observed my heartless cock. I closed her gate and went into my house. I leaned on the kitchen counter and tried to take in everything that just happened. Images of her spread pussy, the dildo, her bare tits, flashed through my head. I gave up any control I had managed to have over my cock and he sprung to full hardness. By now he was wet inside my pants. I pushed them to my ankles and fisted him right there in the kitchen till, a minute later, we spurted two long thick ropes of cum across the countertop.

As he softened in my hand I grinned, then laughed aloud, and I said to him: "That was fucking insane!"

"You're fucking telling me!" he seemed to reply.