 I first met Walt in a hotel bar in the northern suburbs of Detroit. It was September 1977 and I was at the bar that evening with my best friend Pam. On Wednesday evenings beginning at 8:00PM the bar had live music. Pam and some of my other girlfriends and I would often go there to dance and hopefully meet guys. Disco music was still popular in 1977 and it was fun to dance to that beat. 

My name is Carol and I was 27 years old in 1977. I was 5'6" tall and I had a slender figure with practically no boobs. I was basically flat chested with just a slight rise in my breasts. In spite of my small size my breasts and nipples were very sensitive and I always like it when a lover would pay attention to them. I weighed 105 pounds and I was told that I had nice legs and a nice bottom. I had brown curly hair that just covered my ears leaving my neck bare and I had matching brown eyes. For the most part, Guys viewed me as cute but not that appealing. In fact it was my fuller figure girlfriends including Pam that the guys went for first.

Pam and I were sitting at the bar that night when Walt walked in. Pam already had guys hitting on her and dancing with her. I had not yet been asked to dance. The place was pretty crowded as every table was taken and there were no seats left at the bar. Walt walked toward us as there was an opening to stand at the bar near us. I studied him as he approached and sized him up. I guessed him to be about 6'2" or 6' 3". He was wearing a three piece dark blue pin stripped suit that was well tailored and showed off his fit body. He had short brown hair and he looked like a professional business man. I had never seen him before so I assumed he was in town on business and probably staying at the hotel. 

He stepped up to the bar and got the bartender's attention, "Johnny Walker Black on the rocks with a water back, please," he ordered.

"Right away sir," the bartender replied.

Walt looked over at me and smiled. He had the color eyes that seemed to pick up the color of his clothes and that night they looked very blue. Seeing him up close sent chills through me as he was unbelievably handsome.

The bartender returned empty handed. "I'm sorry sir but we seem to have run out of black label. Would red label be all right?" the bartender asked.

"Yes, red label will be fine. Thank you," Walt told him.

"What did you do drink it all?" I said loud enough for Walt to hear me and not believing that I had just said that.

Walt looked right at me and paused for a few seconds that seemed like an eternity. "Well it seems that someone has, doesn't it," he replied softly with a seductive smile.

I was lost for words and embarrassed that I had opened my mouth. "My name is Walt," he said as he offered his hand to me.

"Carol," I replied in a shaky voice taking his hand.

"Nice to meet you Carol," he said.

"Nice to meet you too," I replied.

Just then the bartender returned with Walt's drink and Walt held the glass in my direction, "Cheers!" he said and took a sip of his scotch.

I picked up my glass of wine that was almost empty and returned the toast. Then I finished the last of the wine in my glass. I set the empty glass on the bar and I was just about to order another glass of wine when Walt called out to the bartender.

"Please bring the lady another glass of wine," Walt ordered for me.

The bartender brought me another glass of white wine and Walt and I conversed over the next 15 minutes. I learned that he was 30 years old and that he was a Regional sales manager for a computer software company. He had only been with company for three years and the company was only six years old. Walt had joined them to get business going in the western part of the country and he had been very busy selling software, hiring sales people and opening up district offices. Since joining the company he had opened up district offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Dallas and Chicago which was also the western region office.

The reason he was in town that day was that he had a big meeting with the divisions of GM. He had made an all products presentation to the IT heads of each GM division. He told me that he was tired from the full day and that he had just dropped his bags in his room before deciding to have a night cap. As we talked I checked his left hand and I did not see a wedding ring, not that it would have made a difference that night anyway. Walt had this captivating effect over me and I knew that if given the opportunity that I would sleep with him married or not. He did tell me that he was dating a flight attendant based in Chicago which I was to learn later was living with him. 

I shared with him that I lived in the Detroit area my whole life and that I worked for a major retailer headquartered in the suburbs. My girlfriend Pam tried to get in on the conversation several times and I was pleased that Walt seemed disinterested in her. Pam was getting annoyed that Walt didn't pay more attention to her as she always expected to be the center of attraction. Although she was my friend, I did despise her attempt to monopolize all the guys. The other guys around Pam were also getting irritated since she began to ignore them.

Walt solved the problem by asking me to dance. I almost leaped off the bar stool and we walked out on the dance floor. It was a slow song and I melted in Walt's arms. That night I was wearing a light blue cocktail dress that was sleeveless and had a full skirt. The dress was cut low in the back so at times I could feel Walt's hands on my bare skin. I knew that I got goose bumps when he brushed his hand across my back and I wondered if he could feel them. We danced two slow songs and then the band picked up the beat and played a couple of disco songs. I had expected Walt to lead me back to our seats when the disco songs played but he kept me on the floor and we danced to both of them. Walt was an excellent dancer and easy to follow and I loved the way we danced together. 

After the two disco songs a slow song followed and we danced to that one as well. I melted in his strong arms. I pressed my body into his and I felt the swelling in his pants. He felt quite large and I was surprised that I could feel him through his pants and my full skirt. After the song we made our way back to the bar and I noticed that Pam was glaring at us. This was the first time any guy paid more attention to me than to her. 

"You too looked great out there. I might just have to steal you for a dance later," Pam said directing her comment at Walt. 

"It looks like you have plenty of dance partners," Walt replied and nodded to the guys standing behind Pam.

The guys smiled but Pam was annoyed and I loved it. Walt took another sip of his drink and turned his attention back to me. We talked some more and danced some more and before we knew it the last song played. We danced to a slow song and this time we kissed as we danced. Walt ran his hands over my bare back and arms and I just cooed in his arms. 

He whispered to me, "Would you like to come back to my room tonight?"

I just nodded in the affirmative. We finished the dance and Walt paid the check before heading to his room. I had an overnight bag in my car that I had packed just in case as I did not want to put on my cocktail dress back on in the morning. That would have made it very obvious that I had spent the night with someone at the hotel. I told Walt about my overnight bag and he escorted me out to my car and then back to his room. 

Once in his room he took me in his arms and kissed me deeply pushing his tongue into my mouth. I responded and kissed him back the same way. We stood in his room fully clothed kissing and tonguing each other. Then he unzipped the back of my dress and pulled it down to my waist. I didn't wear a bra as I really didn't need one. Walt kissed his way down to my breasts and took my small mounds in his mouth. He kissed my breasts and sucked on my nipples until I couldn't stand it.

Walt dropped to his knees and peeled my dress down to the floor. He lifted my legs one at a time and removed the dress entirely from my body. I stood in front of him in the dimly lit room in just my thigh high hose, panties and shoes. He then removed my shoes one at a time and then ran his hands up my legs. He caressed my bare skin above my hose and then he reached for my panties. He painstakingly peeled my panties down my legs and lifted my feet one foot at a time to remove them. 

His hands then moved back up my legs and he cupped my firm cute round ass in both hands. I knew that my pussy was dripping wet but that did not discourage Walt as he pulled me toward him and buried his face in my vulva. He was so gentle and so deliberate that I knew that I would cum quickly. As soon as his tongue swiped my clit, my body jerked and I had my first orgasm of the night. Walt held me tight to him by my buttocks as he licked my pussy and swallowed my love juice. Then he stood up and kissed me deeply and I tasted myself on his mouth. 

Walt then pushed me back on the bed and removed my thigh high hose. He was still fully dressed in his three piece suit and I was completely naked on the hotel bed. I lay there and watched as he undressed. He hung up his suit and shirt and he placed his shoes and socks under the table. He stood in his boxer shorts as I admired his very fit body. The he pulled down his shorts and his erect cock popped into view. His cock was beautiful as it looked to be about 8" long and at least 5" around. 

He walked to the side of the bed and stood next to my head. I knew what was expected of me and I took his cock in my mouth. The thick mushroom was soft and I loved sucking on it. There was no way I could take his entire cock in my mouth and Walt was not one to force himself in me. I sucked him for several minutes and then he got in bed with me. I opened my legs and welcomed him between them as I felt his hardness move closer to my womb.

I lifted my legs out to the side and he eased his throbbing cock into my pussy. His cock felt wonderful as it entered me and filled me. I was already close to another orgasm and he hadn't even begun to fuck me. Walt kept his weight off my body as he stroked his cock in and out of my pussy keeping it in constant contact with my clit. I was going wild as I had a string of mild orgasms on my way to a massive one. I was safe so I didn't worry about Walt cumming in me.

After a few more strokes, I was so close that I covered my mouth with my arm. Then the dam broke I screamed into my arm as my body lifted off the bed. My hips slammed into Walt as he continued to drill me with his cock. My orgasm was as intense as any that I had ever had and my love juice flooded my pussy and soaked his cock. Then I felt his body go rigid as he plunged into me and held still with his cock buried deep in my pussy. I felt the warm liquid surge from his cock and fill my womb. He seemed to cum for minutes and I felt each spurt of his ejaculation into me.

Walt collapsed on top off me and I held him tight as we both recovered from our intense orgasms. Sensitive to his weight, he soon moved off of me and lay by my side. He ran his hands over my body and tickled my sensitive nipples. We then got out of bed, pulled the covers down and then got back in bed. As we lay there I reached for his semi-hard cock and stroked it for a few minutes. Then I made my way down to his cock and engulfed it in my mouth and sucked him until he was hard again. Once he was fully erect I sat on his cock filling my pussy with it again.

As I rode his cock I experienced another round of orgasms before finally collapsing on his chest. Walt continued to fuck me in search of his own release but I couldn't take it any longer as my clit was oversensitive. I got off of him and slid back toward his feet taking his cock back in my mouth. I decided that I would let him cum in my mouth and taste him this time. I tried to make it my best blowjob ever and within minutes Walt was spurting into my mouth. I was surprised with the size of his load since it was the second time he came that night. He filled my mouth quickly and I swallowed rapidly not allowing any of it to escape. I sucked on his cock until every drop of semen was drained from his shaft. 

Walt then surprised me when he pulled me up to him and kissed me. We cuddled together for a short while and then Walt pulled the covers up over us. I rolled to one side and he snuggled up behind me and draped one arm over my side. I could feel his wet penis against my buttocks. We fell asleep in that position and slept for several hours. In the middle of the night I felt Walt's erection resting between my buttocks and then I felt him move it between my legs. His cock entered my pussy from behind and he fucked me slowly until he came again. The last thing I remember before I fell back asleep was his wet cock slipping out of my pussy. 

THE DAYS AFTER

I woke up the next morning to the sound of the shower running in the bathroom. I was still in bed when Walt came out of the bathroom and spoke to me.

"Good morning sunshine! Do you have to be at work today?" he asked.

I had planned to take that Thursday and Friday off so I didn't need to go into the office. "No I'm taking a couple of vacation days," I replied.

"Good! I have an appointment this morning but I will be back later and you are welcome to stay here," he told me.

"I'll probably run home and get some things and then come back if that's okay," I told him.

"Sure that's fine. Take the room key with you so that you can get back in," he offered.

"Won't you need it?" I asked.

"I'll pick another one up at the front desk when I get back," he replied.

Walt finished dressing and then came over to the bed and kissed me goodbye. He left the room and I rolled over and fell back asleep. Later I woke up showered, dressed and went home to pick up some more clothes and personal items. When I returned later in the day, Walt was back and he was in bed naked when I entered the room. 

"I was a little tired so I decided to take a nap," he told me.

"Want some company?" I asked.

"Of course," he answered.

I took off my clothes and then joined him in bed. He reached for my pussy and I reached for his cock as we kissed. I knew that my pussy was dripping wet as I had been thinking about being in bed with him on the drive over. Walt kissed his way from my lips to my jaw line and along my neck. He lightly kissed, licked and nibbled my neckline softly. Then he tongued my ear just enough to add stimulation. He then worked his way further down to my chest kissing me along the way. When he finally reached my tiny breasts he gently squeezed them and rolled my nipples between his fingers. I felt so feminine, so exquisite and I longed for more of his touches and caresses.

He tortured me by neglecting my nipples as he got close and blew his warm breath over them exciting me and increasing my desire. I was on the edge and close to an orgasm just from this foreplay. I urgently craved the touch that would provide my much needed release. Walt brought me to the edge of desire and allowed me to linger there as he touched me. His one hand cupped my vulva and probed at the opening of my moist passage while he continued to tweak and tease my nipples. His wet warm mouth covered my other breast filling me with lust. My desire to cum increased. Walt had me to the point that I would orgasm if he touched my clit. I was overheated and my pussy was on fire. Just a touch would have ignited my flame and sent me crashing over the edge.

A moan escaped my lips as I begged him to touch me. "Please, please," I implored him.

"Please what Carol? What do you want me to do? Do you want to cum?" he asked me in a seductive tone.

"Oh yes, let me cum," I pleaded. 

He took both nipples into his mouth and sucked them. He would release them letting them pop out of his mouth and repeated the process until my hips were moving of their own accord. He then slid his tongue across them and flicked them back and forth but stopped before I exploded in orgasm. As he touched the tip of my labia he inserted his finger inside my juicy and wet pussy searching for my clit. He then spread his remaining fingers opening my outer lips as he slid his finger back and forth over my hard pearl. 

Walt then knelt and placed his warm mouth on my moisture. He flattened his tongue and slid it back and forth as he licked the length of my slit. My vulva was swollen with desire as he licked and sucked my juices from me holding my clit firmly between his lips. My muscles contracted in spasm and I squirted cum over his fingers and mouth. I moaned and trembled as my body grew weak from my intense climax. 

Walt stood up and his big cock stretched forward. It was still the largest cock that I ever had in my life. He pushed me gently back on the bed and I lay back all the way, spreading my legs for him. Walt positioned himself between my thighs, took my face in his hands and leaned in to kiss me. I wrapped my arms tightly around him and held him almost in fear of the penetration I knew was to come. He slowly inched his impressive organ into me stretching my womb as he did. I whimpered into his mouth and trembled against him trying hard to control myself. Once he had gotten completely into me he paused and allowed me once again to adjust to his size before he started fucking me. It seemed like every fiber in my pussy was alive and tingling.

"Please fuck me," I whispered.

"With pleasure," he replied as a smile spread across his face and he began moving his hips. 

In and out he fucked me very slowly at first getting my juices running and coating us both. He ground his pelvis into me with each inward thrust keeping his cock in constant contact with my clit. I moaned quietly as he pushed into me and gradually increased the pace. Each drive became more powerful than the last pushing deeper into me with more urgency. My moans became louder and as his strokes became quicker. As a reflex I drew my knees up closer to my chest which gave him a deeper target. In one fluid motion Walt threw my legs over his shoulders and leaned forward supporting himself on his forearms so as not to crush me. He was breathing heavier now and grunting each time he plunged his cock into me. He ground himself harder and harder into me and the friction on my clit was unbearable. His cock was stroking my insides and stimulating my G-spot and his pelvis grinded onto my clit. I could feel myself getting closer and closer to another climax. 

"Walt, I am really close. I am going to cum again," I whimpered almost out of breath.

"Cum for me, Carol I want you to cum for me," he said as he sped up and pushed harder and faster

Walt fucked me as hard and fast as he could as I came and came and came. My body shook uncontrollably as my pussy walls clamped around his cock and I dug my nails into his shoulders as he continued to fuck me hard. As I came down from my incredible high I could feel Walt began to tense up.

"Oh here it comes Carol, I'm going to cum, oh yeah here it is!" Walt exclaimed as with one final shove into me he stiffened and came shooting his load deep within me.

I could feel cum hit the walls of my vagina as Walt spasmed and ground against me. The grinding on my clit sent me over the edge once more as Walt filled my pussy. As we settled down, my legs slowly slipped from his body and lay limp on the bed. Walt collapsed gently on me with our bodies covered with perspiration and the love juices from our intense orgasms. We rested for awhile holding each other. It seemed like we were together for hours and I wondered what time it was. Remarkably we had only been at it just over an hour. We dozed briefly before we got up from the bed, showered, dressed and went out for dinner. That evening, at Walt's request, I wore the stockings and garters I had brought with me.
