 22 year-old Emily Duncan's first semester of graduate school couldn't have been going any better. After completing her Bachelor's degree in Psychology from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Emily chose to further her studies at the University of Iowa. Iowa offered many things that some of the other grad schools she applied for did not. First, she had bought herself more time away from home back in Oklahoma; second, Iowa had one of the top Psych programs in the Midwest; lastly, she had earned herself a few more semesters of hardcore partying at one of the nation's top party schools.

Emily knew going in that grad school was going to be a challenge and that she wouldn't be able to pull off going to parties and getting trashed every weekend. She was going to have to sacrifice and place her full-ride academic scholarship over her need to party.

It was early November and surprisingly the weather was still pretty decent in Iowa City. There had only been one mild snowstorm so far and the snow was only on the ground for a day before it all melted. Since that point temperatures had been in the 50's and 60's pretty consistently which still gave Emily and many other college students an opportunity to enjoy time outside in their free time. Emily ran track in high school and even had a partial scholarship at Nebraska until she quit the team during her sophomore year as an undergrad. However, even though she wasn't part of a team anymore, she still enjoyed working out and staying in shape.

Emily stood at 5-feet, 9-inches and an athletic 130 pounds. She had shoulder length sandy-blonde hair, 32C breasts, athletic legs and butt, and the perfect smile. Emily was a knockout and she had assets in all the right places to make her popular at all the college parties. On top of the looks, she had the brains too. Emily earned a 3.72 GPA at Nebraska as an undergrad and that was with her spending most of her weekends and even some weeknights in a drunken haze. At Iowa she was looking a perfect 4.0 square in the eyes as long as she didn't slack off too much between now and the end of the semester.

With just five weeks of the semester left before winter break and no papers due for a couple more weeks Emily decided she could have a little fun this weekend. Emily called up some students from her first-year cohort to see if they wanted to get together at her place for some drinks and then maybe go hit up some of the bars afterwards. She was hit-and-miss with most of the people she called, but did convince three girls and a couple guys to join her for the night.

Liz, Serena, Jill, Eric and Mike arrived at Emily's apartment around 10 p.m. and they casually started drinking beers and mixed drinks. After nearly two hours of laughing and socializing, Serena decided to call it a night.

"I'm gonna leave guys, I've got to wake up early tomorrow morning and get started on that paper for Dr. Wilson's class," she said as she finished the last few sips of her mixed drink.

"That paper isn't even due for two more weeks you party-pooper," Liz said, trying not to slur her words too much.

Serena stood up and grabbed her purse and her coat. "I know, but you know me. I hate procrastinating. It's just not my style," she joked.

"Do you need someone to drive you home?" Mike asked.

Jill stood up. "Don't worry about it Mikey," she said as she patted him on the shoulder. "I have only had one drink and that was over an hour ago. I can drive you home Serena."

"Thank you, Jill. It looks like the wind has picked up a bit outside so I really appreciate the offer."

"No problem. I'm getting kinda tired anyway. Just let me go to the bathroom first and we will be on our way."

After Jill was finished in the bathroom they said their goodbyes and headed out the door.

"Jeez, those two really need to learn to let loose and relax every once in a while," Eric said as he went to the fridge to grab another beer. "Anyone else want anything?"

"I will take another screwdriver!" yelled Liz.

"Make that two!" piped Emily as she stood up. "Please excuse me, while I run to the bathroom quick. All those mixed drinks have filled up my bladder."

Emily entered the bathroom, closed the door behind her and sat down on the toilet. She was really drunk and felt like she may be on the verge of passing out. Emily could hear the others talking and laughing back out in the living room and realized how great this semester had been and how close she had become with Liz.

Emily and Liz had become great friends over the past few months. Liz was from Minneapolis and did her undergraduate studies at the University of Minnesota. She was built a lot like Emily, only not as tall. Liz stood about 5-feet, 5-inches with jet black hair and was very athletic. Both girls knew how to party and they never had any problems picking up guys. Emily knew of at least six different guys who Liz had slept with this semester alone and who knows how many others there had been. 

While Emily liked to party and have a good time, she had always tried to limit the number of guys she had sex with. Entering college at Nebraska she had a boyfriend of two years and they had fooled around on numerous occasions but never had sex. Part way through Emily's freshman year they called things off due to their distance apart from one another. During a track party at the end of her freshman year Emily lost her virginity to one of the star football players on a one-night stand, not exactly her fondest memory of college.

Emily spent all of her sophomore year and part of her junior year single. Most of her weekends consisted of going to parties, getting drunk, flirting and making out, but hardly ever anything more than that. Occasionally she would go have a quick oral session in the bathroom with some lucky guy, and one night even a girl, but it never went past that because she didn't want to deal with another one-night stand. Emily was content with spending the night with her battery-powered friend, rather than dealing with the shame and humility of a one-night stand the next morning.

At least that was until she met Heath.

----------

Heath was a classmate of Emily's during second semester of her junior year. He was a pretty big guy, standing at 6-feet, 3-inches and weighing what Emily guessed to be around 230 pounds. He had curly black hair and a goatee that made him look slightly older than the 21 years that he really was. But what Emily really became attached to was his personality. Heath had the perfect combination of intellect and whit that made him fun to be around. However, even though they had become great friends in class, they never spent time together in their free time. At least that was the case until one Friday night a few weeks before finals. 

Heath invited Emily over to his place for a party, an invitation that she gladly accepted. Emily had been looking forward to the party all week, however, when she arrived at Heath's apartment at 9 p.m. sharp like she was instructed there were no cars to be found there other than hers. She walked up to the door, contemplating turning back and going home, and knocked. Silence. She knocked again. Silence. Just as she had turned to head back to her car the front door opened and their stood Heath.

"Sorry, I was in the bathroom shaving and I didn't hear you knock. Come on in," he said with a grin.

"Where is everyone? I thought you said there were going to be lots of people..." Emily's voice trailed off as she walked in the front door.

She walked in to find the lights dimmed and a candlelight dinner set for two.

With a puzzled look, Emily turned to Heath. "What is this?"

"Emily, you are the greatest girl I have ever met. You are so much fun to be around. You are the main reason I even go to class on Tuesday and Thursday mornings."

Emily was stunned, she stood there in complete silence.

"I know I may not be the most attractive guy ever, but I think you are absolutely perfect and I would love to spend more time with you."

Emily was at a loss for words. Nobody had ever done anything romantic like this for her. She just stood there staring at the table and how beautiful it was.

After what seemed like an eternity of silence, which in all actuality was really just a few short seconds, Emily spoke up. "Heath, this is beautiful."

"Thanks, I have been working on getting this all set up for about three hours," he said with a smirk.

"It looks amazing! I love it!" Emily turned and attempted to bear hug Heath. "You are so sweet. I just can't believe this!"

"Well we should sit down and eat before the food gets cold."

Emily stopped him before he sat down and gave him a peck on the lips which seemed to catch him off guard. "You are perfectly attractive, both inside and out. And if the rest of the night goes this well, there may be more than just kisses for you," she said with a wink.

The couple enjoyed a nice dinner together with wine, candles and soft music. Afterwards they decided to snuggle up on the couch and watch a movie.

"I have Netflix so we can watch almost any movie you want. We could watch 'The Notebook', or 'The Proposal', or..."

Emily cut him off. "I'm not really a big fan of chick flicks."

"Oh, ok. That's totally fine with me," Heath said with relief. "I'm not a fan either; I just assumed you would want to keep our romantic night going."

"I would love nothing more than to lay here with you, chat, and watch a comedy that we can both enjoy."

"Sounds good to me."

After surfing through Netflix for about 10 minutes they decided on "Good Luck Chuck," a romantic comedy starring Jessica Alba and Dane Cook. Neither of them had seen the movie before, but thought it looked interesting.

They enjoyed popcorn and some more wine while chatting through most of the first part of the movie.

Emily turned her head to look back at Heath who was spooning her. "Heath, tonight has been amazing. I really enjoyed it. I haven't been on a date in such a long time, this was a nice change."

"Well I'm glad you have enjoyed it. I know I have."

Emily leaned up and pecked Heath on the lips before rolling back over and watching the movie, which had suddenly turned into a Dane Cook fucking session with numerous amounts of girls. There were so many topless girls in so many different sex positions, Emily couldn't keep track of all of them.

Heath broke the awkward silence. "Well this movie certainly got better," he said jokingly, causing them both to laugh. "Do you want to finish the movie? I have missed most of it from talking to you."

"Sure, let's just keep it on. I'm a little tired and a little drunk so I may fall asleep pretty soon," Emily said with a yawn. "You don't mind if I stay the night here do you?"

"No, of course not. Lay back down and I will go get you a t-shirt and shorts to wear to bed."

Heath got up off the couch and went into his bedroom to find some clothes for Emily to sleep in. When he returned to the living room Emily was already asleep.

"Pssst! Emily," he said, trying not to startle her. "I got those clothes for you."

Emily slowly opened her eyes. "I'm sorry. I must be more tired than I thought." She grabbed the clothes from Heath's hands. "Thank you. I will go change in the bathroom."

While Emily was in the bathroom Heath went in and pulled back the sheets on his bed and readied it for Emily before returning to the couch and making a bed for himself. Moments later Emily emerged from the bathroom wearing Heath's t-shirt which hung down nearly to her knees and his shorts that looked more like pants on her.

"I got the bed all ready for you in my bedroom. I will sleep out here tonight."

"Heath, you are such a gentleman. But let's be honest, we are both adults. We can sleep in the same bed. Besides, I get scared sleeping in unfamiliar places," she said with a wink and smile.

"Well I sure can't turn down an invitation from you Ms. Duncan," Heath said. 

He turned off the TV, quickly changed clothes in the bathroom, and joined Emily in bed.

"Will you snuggle me some more like you did on the couch?"

"Of course, anything for you," he replied.

Heath rolled over and put his arm around Emily's waist, pulling her close to him. When Heath was settled in, Emily grabbed his right hand and placed it over her right breast, allowing him to realize she had no bra on. He continued to slowly graze his hand over the shirt and her now hardening nipples.

Heath slowly leaned his head in and started kissing the back of Emily's neck while keeping his hand occupied with her right breast, causing her to moan ever so slightly. He slowly kissed his way up the back of her neck to her ears where he planted numerous kisses before whispering, "Don't I get a good night kiss?"

"Of course you do. How could I forget that," Emily said as she rolled over to face Heath. "Where do you want it?" She asked with a mischievous look in her eye.

"Uh, I, uh...," Heath didn't have time to speak. Emily had slowly started crawling her way down between his legs. She tugged off his shorts revealing a pitched tent in his boxers.

"Someone looks excited to see me, and let me tell you, I'm excited to see him," she said with a grin.

Emily slowly started pulling down Heath's boxers until his fully erect penis sprung free. Emily was in awe. She had seen enough dicks in her lifetime, in real life and online, to know that Heath was well equipped. She assumed he must have been at least eight inches fully erect.

After gazing at his rock hard dick for a few seconds she slowly started to lick the tip and could taste his precum already starting to seep out. She licked the tip and up and down his shaft causing Heath to squirm back and forth before she finally started to take it into her mouth. She slowly worked her way up and down, making his cock glisten with saliva as she massaged his balls with her hands.

Emily considered herself to be a pro at giving head, she had always enjoyed it. She loved having power over a man for those few brief minutes before he shot his load down her throat.

Emily started picking up the pace, moving faster and faster up and down on Heath's cock, using both her mouth and her hands. Heath was getting close and she could tell.

"Oh my god! Fuck! You are so good at this!" Heath yelled. "Fuck! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum!"

Emily kept going, faster and faster, never releasing her mouth off his cock until he exploded. They both moaned as Heath came a furry. He shot at least five or six streams of semen into Emily's mouth and she eagerly swallowed the whole thing before coming up for air.

"That was fucking incredible! How do you not have a boyfriend?" Heath asked in astonishment after what he had just experienced.

"Thanks! I love giving head, it's kind of like my superhero power," she said, causing them both to chuckle. "As for the boyfriend thing, I was kind of hoping after tonight, we could be a couple. You are a lot of fun after all," she said glancing back at his subsiding erection.

"That would be awesome. You are fun to be around as well," he said with a grin. "Can I return the favor?"

"Believe me, under normal circumstances, I usually make guys go down on me first and then judging by their talents I will give them an equally skilled BJ. If they suck at eating pussy, I'm gonna give a horrible BJ. On the other hand, if they make me cum repeatedly, I will suck them 'til their dicks fall off," she said with a grin. "However, I'm so fucking wet and horny, I just want you to fuck me... hard!"

Heath stared in disbelief as Emily sat up and pulled off his shirt to reveal two perfectly perky C-cup tits with brown areolas and hard nipples. She then proceeded to stand up, turn away from him, and bent over as she pulled down his shorts. Heath was getting the perfect view of her perfectly shaped backside and he could even see her shaved pussy lips glistening between her legs. Her aroma filled the air as she got down on all fours in front of him.

"You are so sexy! Absolutely perfect!" Heath said in absolute awe.

Emily seductively looked back over her shoulder. "I hope I didn't wear you out too much because I need to be fucked bad! Don't worry about protection, I take my pill religiously for occasions just like this."

Heath sat up moved behind Emily, placing both his hands on her hips as he slowly guided his now hard cock to her drenched pussy lips. He slid his cock forward, but Emily was so wet it slid right past her tight pink hole and hit her throbbing clit, causing a gasp to escape Emily's mouth.

"Sorry about that," Heath said sheepishly.

"Don't worry, it felt great!"

He repositioned himself, and guided his cock with his hand this time, slowly entering her from behind.

"Fuck!" She screamed. "You are so big! Go really deep!"

He pushed his cock deep inside her and could feel her wetness engulf him. He went even deeper until he felt his balls hitting up against her clit, causing her to scream. 

Emily's cum had already started leaking down Heath's balls. "You weren't joking when you said you were wet."

That was the last comment either one made until both reached their climax. Heath reached around and started playing with Emily's hard nipples and started pounding away with his cock, slapping his balls against Emily's clit with every thrust. It didn't take long to send her over the edge.

"Fuck me, fuck me! Harder! Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Emily's pussy contracted and spasmed around Heath's cock, causing him to lose it just moments later. The feeling of cum being pumped into her pussy for the first time in a long time nearly made Emily come again.

The couple collapsed on the bed, exhausted.

Heath was the first one to speak. "How was that?"

Emily didn't say anything.

"I haven't been with a ton of girls, so it probably wasn't that..." 

Emily cut him off. "Shhhh... It was perfect. Now let's go to sleep."

Emily and Heath dated throughout the summer and into their senior year, but around the start of their final semester they started to realize it was going to be tough keeping their relationship going. Emily had been accepted to grad school at Iowa and Heath was moving back home to Oregon to take a full-time job once school was out. Had Heath proposed, Emily probably would have said yes, but that wasn't the case and they chose to go their separate ways.

----------

Emily was startled by a knock on the bathroom door. "You alright in there?" It was Liz. "You have been in there for almost 10 minutes and we are ready to get this party started!"

"Yeah, I will be out in just a second."

Emily grabbed a some toilet paper and whipped and realized she had become incredibly wet thinking about her and Heath's first time together. Her finger grazed her clit and a soft moan escaped her lips. She quickly shook her head, flushed the toilet, pulled her pants back up, washed her hands, and rejoined the others in the living room.

Liz stared at Emily. "Were you taking a dump in there or what?" They all laughed.

"No, I think I may have dozed off their for a second though, so I'm glad you knocked on the door."

"Passed out you mean," joked Eric.

Emily shot Eric a playful scowl. "So what were we talking about?"

"How Serena and Jill need to learn to relax and have a good time every once in a while," Mike responded. "They are so uptight sometimes. I'm honestly surprised they even came over here for a drink to begin with." Everyone agreed and took a sip of their drinks.

"Dr. Wilson is an easy grader anyways. I could whip that paper together the night before it was due and turn it in and still get an A," added Eric. "I thought they said grad school was supposed to be hard." Everyone laughed again.

Emily readjusted herself in her chair. "Yeah, but next semester we start working on our group thesis papers, and those are going to be a bitch!"
