 The knock on the door reverberated through the library carrel. The carrel had been quiet as a monastery. The only sounds were the rustle of pages or the soft tapping of laptop keys. There it was again, politely insistent, daring him to ignore it. But this time, Dan opened the door. 

"Excuse me," Alice said, pushing the black glasses unconsciously up her small nose. "I don't mean to disturb you, but I thought you might be interested in this. Alice held out an old book on sex ed. 

A knowing smile broke across Dan's face. "Why yes, he said, I believe that will help with my ... research." 

"If I might be so bold," Alice said, with an intake of breath, "I'd like to point you to a few particularly relevant passages." She squeezed into the tiny carrel, with barely room to turn to close the door. 

----

Dan Freeman had been coming to the library every day all fall semester to study for his comprehensive exams. He would arrive at 9:00 AM sharp, already having worked out, showered, and wolfed down his oatmeal and coffee. His was the Spartan existence, known by most grad students. The only thing that set Dan apart was his obsessive discipline. The library day began with several hours of reading followed by a break to browse the stacks for the next armload of books assigned by his professor.

It was on one of these mid-day breaks when Dan and Alice first bumped into one another, literally. The scene was so cliché; Dan couldn't believe that it was actually happening. He was rounding the corner in the stacks, looking down at his notes to check the call number, when—Bam! He slammed into a librarian, or rather, her shelving cart. If this had been a movie, Dan would have accidentally knocked a few books off the cart, chivalrously offered to pick them up, and then smoothly delivered a funny one-liner. But unfortunately, the cart hit Dan squarely in the crotch. As always, he was walking unnaturally fast, so what should have been a minor accident turned into something a bit worse. Doubled over in pain, Dan croaked out an apology. 

Before she could ask if Dan was actually hurt, loud melodious laughter rippled from Alice. She quickly composed herself and reached down to touch Dan on the shoulder. "Are you ok?" 

"Uh, huh," Dan managed, continuing to look down as if he'd lost something on the library floor, but mostly to hide his reddening face. "Yeah, I'm ok."

"I'm Alice, Alice Fein. I work here," she said, somewhat flustered. Because she had just started to notice that Dan was cute. Well, more than cute, actually. "Oh, I guess that's obvious with the cart and all." 

"Yes, unless you're a vigilante book shelver, I kind-of assumed..." Dan trailed off. As he looked up, he had been a little too obvious about giving Alice the once over. Her thighs strained against a tight, stretchy black skirt, that Dan imagined fitted just as snuggly around her ample rear end. Her baggy sweater was redeemed by a low-cut neckline that revealed more than a little of her cleavage. His blush deepened as his eyes traveled up from Alice's large breasts to her pretty face and edgy punk haircut. 

Alice was used to this, but it usually ended with the ogling. As a former women's studies major, she was no stranger to the "male gaze." Pervy guys loved her tits, so Alice used her blocky glasses and spiky black hair as shields. "I don't take shit," the severe look said, and Alice meant it. But something about this guy made her smile instead of giving him the "Fuck off" look that usually poured ice water on the blue balls of her oglers.

"I'm Dan Freeman." Regaining his composure, Dan stuck out his hand to introduce himself. "Nice to meet you, Alice. Wish it were under better circumstances," he coughed, rearranging the furniture to a more comfortable position.

"Are you sure, you're ok," Alice said. "Need to test out the equipment to make sure everything is working?" Immediately, Alice regretted that joke, realizing that it sounded wrong. Had she meant for it to come out that way? It had been a long time, and this guy's nerdy awkwardness actually turned her on. After a pause that was a little too long, she said, "I mean, there's a bathroom around the corner." 

Dan caught the drift. He was usually a complete incompetent with girls, the quintessential shy grad student. But even he wasn't so thick to miss the innuendo. In a shocking display of boldness, he responded, "Yeah, yeah. I'm ok, but I could maybe use a little help finding some books for my comprehensive exams." Oh yeah, that was one smooth come-on. Surely, she'd see right through it, laugh again, and walk away. Their paths would cross awkwardly in the library. He would stair at his shoes. She would snicker with fellow librarians about the dweeby grad student who racked his nads on her cart. But Alice surprised him. 

"Let me guess, you've got a carrel. Somewhere up on the eighth floor."

"Y-y-yeah, actually. Number 822."

"Tell you what, my shift ends in a few hours. Why don't you go make sure you've got what you need for an, ah, intensive research session, and I'll meet you there."

"Oh, OK." Dan replied. He couldn't believe it. He was getting hard just thinking about what "intensive research" might entail. He raced up to his carrel, grabbed his jacket, and practically sprinted to the door of the library. 

Alice, who had gone back down to the circulation desk to get more books for shelving, winked and smiled as he ran by. Wow, he's in really good shape, she thought. Not the nebbishy type that sometimes broke through her tough exterior. She swung her ass just a little bit wider than necessary as she rounded the front desk, and noticed, with pleasure, that Dan almost ran into a potted plant in the atrium as he rubber-necked to get one last look.

-------

As the lock snicked in the carrel door, Alice realized that her butt was almost at Dan's eye level. He tried to lean back in his chair to give her room, but she backed up, cornering him. 

"I think we should start with the end, of the book and work forward," Alice said, looking over her shoulder and smirking. She hitched up her skirt just enough so that Dan could see her the bottom of her black, lace panties. He gulped. She sat down gracefully in his lap, scooting Dan's computer and books to the other end of the small desk. She also reached up and clicked off the raw fluorescent bulb, leaving just a shaft of sunlight from a small window high in the carrel's wall. "Exploration of sexuality is a natural part of human existence," she read, in her sultriest voice.

Alice began to grind into Dan's lap. She was gentle at first, but as he stiffened, she stood up a bit and reached between her legs to stroke his growing member. 

Dan wrapped his arms around Alice's belly and snuck up inside the sweater. Suddenly, he was quite happy with how roomy it was. He traced a line slowly upward from her belly button, playfully outlining the voluptuous curves of her stomach until he reached her bra. This too, he could feel was lace, and he was willing to wager it was black. He glided his fingers across the top of the bra, marveling once again at the size of Alice's breasts. They were pillow soft, but the nipples were starting to poke angrily at the bra. 

"We need to get you out of these pants," Alice whispered. "Or rather, I need to get into them."

She unbuckled Dan's belt and pulled down his zipper. Her hand slithered into the opening and found what it was looking for. Dan was not huge, but he was big enough. He gasped audibly as she pulled his cock out of his pants and began rubbing it against her increasingly wet panties. 

Dan lifted Alice enough to hitch up her skirt even further. Now, her milky thighs were beginning to move up and down above his lap. He reached two fingers into her panties and found her clitoris. Alice began to moan involuntarily, and the pace of her stroking of his cock quickened. 

"I need that cock inside me," Alice said, suddenly. She all but leapt up from Dan's lap. "You got a condom, right?" She said breathlessly as she pulled down her panties, and kicked them off.

"Y-yeah, right here." Dan fished in his pocket. Alice eyed him hungrily, leaning against the desk and sticking her ass up in the air. "That's it, come to mama."

As Dan gingerly brought his cock to the lips of Alice's pussy, she said, "Come on, don't be shy. Fuck me!" This was the loudest sound that had ever split the stillness of Dan's carrel. He pushed his cock deep inside Alice, pressing her against the carrel desk. Books in the tiny shelves above began to shake. Dan hoped that He-ping, the Chinese grad student next door, was still out of town, visiting his parents. That thought disappeared as Alice bucked on the desk in front of him. Their pace quickened. 

Dan flipped up Alice's bra and tried to get his hands around her breasts. He pinched her nipples, and she squealed with pleasure. Then, he leaned in and began biting the bottom of her ear lobes where her earrings would have been hanging. Luckily, she had forgotten them this morning, and Dan's biting intensified. "My God," Dan whispered, "I am not going to last long."

"Yes, Yes. Keep going. I'm about to cum too. Ahhhh!" Alice yelled. A pulse of warmth rippled from inside the core of her being outward. 

As Dan felt Alice's pussy clench around his cock, hot streams of cum shot from him into the condom's tip. It had been so long since he'd had sex, he worried the force would burst through the rubber. His legs buckled, and Alice reached around to grab his ass and hold him in place. This only made him cum harder.

After a few minutes of bliss, Dan sat back. Alice straightened her skirt. 

"Well, Mr. Freeman, I do hope that I can assist you in a future research project." She snapped the sex ed book shut, adjusted her glasses, and strode confidently out of the carrel. 

Dan looked down to the floor, and noticed that she had left her lace panties. "Alice," he whispered insistently, "Wait." She poked her head back through the carrel door. 

"Oh, hang on to those. I will come and get them tomorrow." She winked, and vanished.