 When Dan Freeman opened his library carrel door the morning after his rendezvous with Alice, the tight space made him feel even more claustrophobic than usual. The room, if you could call it that, had always been small: 7' x 5' with a low slung ceiling. It was more of a janitor's closet than an office. In other words, it perfectly matched his lowly status as a graduate student. As he settled in to study, however, Dan saw the room through new eyes. It's narrow confines now seemed indelibly marked with sex. 

Dan laid his backpack down on the floor next to the desk chair and rubbed his fingers across the desk where he had pleasured his sexy librarian paramour the night before. A long sigh escaped from his lips. He opened a book and booted up his laptop to start taking notes. His usual machine-like discipline failed him. After twenty minutes, he had skimmed only five pages. Twenty minutes later, he put his head down on the desk. Sleep had been impossible the night before, and the fatigue was finally catching up. Just a few minutes rest...

----

"Wake up sleepy head," Alice Fein purred in Dan's ear. "Seems like someone is having sweet dreams," she continued, resting her hand gently on Dan's bulging cock inside his jeans. 

Truth be told, Dan had been dreaming of Alice. In fact, he had been able to think of nothing and no one else over the last 24 hours. Here she was, in the flesh, proving that it had been no dream. 

Alice had changed from her librarian's outfit into workout clothes, black yoga pants and a sweatshirt over a sports bra. It was her usual routine after work on Tuesdays, and she didn't want her nosy co-workers to know about her new "exercise" regimen.

"I brought back that book you found so vital for your research," Alice joked, tossing the old sex ed volume that had been the inspiration and excuse for their previous rendezvous onto the desk next to Dan's laptop. "But I had some more 'hands on' learning in mind for today."

Alice's hand began to stroke Dan's cock through his tight jeans. Dan moaned appreciatively, and reached back to run his fingers through Alice's spiky black hair just at the nape of her neck. 

"I thought long and hard about what to do with you today, Dan," Alice whispered, an inch away from Dan's ear. Then she flicked her tongue inside his earlobe. "Long and hard." She tugged on the zipper of his pants. 

"W-What did you have in mind," Dan gulped, trying to contain his rising excitement. 

"Oh, you'll see," Alice responded, with maddening confidence and secrecy.

Dan thought he might cum already, so he was relieved when Alice pulled her hand away and stepped back toward the carrel door. There really was no room to move with two people in such a tight space. The built-in desk took up a third of the room and the bookshelves above it shrank the space further. A lone exterior window near the ceiling shed the only light after Alice flicked off the harsh fluorescent desk lamp. 

Even in that confined space, Alice set her glasses down on the desk and managed to pull off her sweatshirt in one graceful motion, revealing her bountiful belly and large breasts. Dan was a jogger, so he knew that sports bras did not flatter the average woman. They weren't meant to. But nothing could diminish the near-perfect, parabolic arcs of Alice's bosoms. She rolled the sports bra over her breasts with less grace than the sweatshirt, but the result left Dan speechless. He reached out involuntarily, and Alice slapped his hands away with playful insistence. 

"Tut, tut. The show's not over yet." Alice loved the fact that Dan had played with her belly in the throws of passion the night before, and that he had seemed equally enamored by her plus-sized derriere. As much of a feminist as she was, Alice couldn't help having occasional—ok, more than occasional—insecure thoughts about her weight. The fact that this hunky, albeit awkwardly nerdy, grad student found her sexy—all of her—was a huge confidence boost. She had decided that today's rendezvous would start with a strip tease. 

Dan's hand strayed toward his cock as Alice swayed a bit in the narrow confines of the carrel, stroking her own nipples and then pinching them for good measure. 

Alice moved her hips to some internal music that only she and Dan could here in the quiet carrel. She slowly turned and pushed her ass toward him, sliding her fingers into the waistband of the yoga pants, and pulling them down to reveal the top of her thong. Then, she rolled the pants down below her ample backside, and brought her naked cheeks down over Dan's lap. 

Dan had never been to a strip club, but he was pretty sure that this was about the best lap dance he was ever going to get. Alice pushed her ass cheeks around his swollen cock and jiggled them until Dan felt like he couldn't take it any more. 

He grabbed her thong, and in a fit of passion, pulled as hard as he could. 

"Ouch!" Alice grimaced as the thong ripped. Dan worried that he had gone too far. But Alice immediately composed herself and shot an evil grin back over her shoulder. "Oh, I am so glad that you like it rough too," she said, seeing the concern on Dan's face turn to pride. "That's going to make the rest of the night much more interesting. 

Dan wanted to push Alice against the desk and fuck her as he had the night before, but she had other plans. "No, no, honey. We're just doing appetizers here at the library." Alice got down on her knees on the hard carrel floor. Dan felt bad about this for a split second before she began licking the tip of his cock with her tongue. 

"I'm not going to last long," he said, stating the obvious. 

Alice smiled, up at him and then dove toward his muscular abdomen, taking nearly the full length of his shaft into her mouth at once. She simultaneously grabbed his ass pulling him from the chair for leverage. It wasn't so much a blowjob as it was a devouring. Already primed, Dan started to cum almost immediately. Alice pulled back just as fast as she had come forward, and Dan's semen shot onto her breasts, roping its way down around onto her belly. 

"Oops, we made a mess of your carrel, Dan. Looks like we're going to have to finish today's research after a shower and meal at my place."

-------

After cleaning up both themselves and the carrel as best they could, Alice and Dan left the library separately. Dan got to the bike rack and checked his phone. "Research assistance: 437 Cloverfield Dr., Apt. 2," read the text from an unknown local number. Dan immediately save the number under "A," unlocked his bike, and peddled like mad toward Alice's place. 

She had beaten him home, of course, since she knew the way and it was up hill. Her car pulled into the driveway and her neighbor, Felicia, stopped to chat. Alice loved Felicia, but the girl got chatty at the most inopportune times. Alice was literally dripping with sex beneath her yoga outfit, and all she wanted to do was get inside to rinse off before Dan got there. Still, she stopped to hear about Felicia's car troubles—and of course, man troubles—just long enough to be polite, before saying, "Whew, I'm beat. Gotta take a shower." 

"You ok, Alice?" Felicia asked, sensing a different energy from her neighbor, and perhaps catching a whiff of Dan's sex. If there was a story, Felicia could sniff it a mile away. It if was a story about sex, she could smell it from a neighboring time zone. "Must have been some yoga class today, huh?" she said, with a lascivious wink. "Did that hunky instructor finally notice you?"

"Uh, no," Alice said, distractedly, looking over Felicia's shoulder to see if Dan was cresting the hill. "He's still totally oblivious. But I gotta run. Lots of work to do tonight."

There was Dan, just coming into view, legs pumping. A smile crept across Alice's face. Before she could hide it, Felicia saw and swiveled her head to see Dan coasting into the driveway. 

"Oh yeah, I see. Lots of work," Felicia said, a thousand watt smile blinding Alice. "Ok, catch you later." 

Alice rolled her eyes. "Couldn't anyone have a secret in this stupid town?" she thought. But then, she and Felicia eventually shared everything—clothes, make-up, gossip, etc. 

-------

Alice's apartment was a palace compared to the library carrel. It was tastefully decorated in a mix of Ikea items and well-loved, garage sale furnishings that didn't clash the way most impoverished intellectuals' accouterments did. In fact, it was homey and modern at the same time, a neat trick that Dan's stoically bare, prison-chic apartment never managed to pull off. 

"I know you're thinking that I'm going to offer you wine, but I'm afraid that's not in the cards tonight," Alice said, by way of introduction to her place. "I've got some gin, rum, and tequila in the cabinet over the sink, and mixers in the fridge. Why don't you whip up a gin and tonic for me and something for yourself, while I rinse off from our ... workout."

After the blowjob and the bike ride, Dan could have used a shower too, but he was way too far out of his comfort zone to say a peep. He just followed orders like a good soldier, hoping that the gin would loosen him up a bit. 

A few minutes later, Alice walked out of her room wearing nothing but a short, satin bathrobe. 

"Whew!" Dan exhaled loudly, and then wolf-whistled appreciatively as Alice did a little pirouette in the middle of her living room. The bottom of the robe flaring just enough for him to catch a glance of her completely shaved pussy and gorgeous ass as she turned. 

"There was no reason to get dressed, since I am pretty sure we're going to be naked again soon enough," Alice laughed. "Go wash up. I'll whip up some leftovers."

Dan took his drink with him so that he had something to occupy his mind and hands. By the time he returned from the bathroom, the drink was gone, and he felt the alcohol-infused confidence riding through his consciousness. 

Alice's apartment smelled amazing. There on the table was a simple baguette and two small plates of lasagna. Alice was on her second drink and she gave Dan a generous pour of the same, before sitting down together. 

"This looks amazing." Dan lifted his fork to start eating. Alice cleared her throat loudly and held out her hands.

"The blessing?" she corrected.

"Uh, ok," Dan replied, trying to hide his shock. He had grown up in Baptist household where grace was said at every meal, but he certainly hadn't expected it tonight. He clasped Alice's fingers.

"Thank you, Lord," she intoned with a dramatic pause, "for bringing me this randy, young man with his big cock. I expect to fuck him as long as is humanly possible tonight in as many ways as I can. Amen." Loud melodious laughter rang from Alice like a church bell. 

"Amen, to that," Dan said, as his laughter harmonized with Alice's.

----

Dan cleared and washed the dishes, while Alice put on some music, a Charles Mingus album that began with "Better Get Hit in Your Soul." She let her robe drop to the floor in front of the stereo, and shimmied toward the bedroom. As she got to the door, she beckoned for Dan to follow. "Come on, honey!" 

Naked as the day she was born and nearly glowing with anticipation, Alice drew Dan over to her queen-sized bed. It was an old-fashioned canopied number, a dramatic contrast to Dan's cramped library carrel. 

Alice gingerly took off Dan's glasses and placed them on the night table. She pulled Dan's sweater and t-shirt over his head, exposing his lean body and sinewy arms. She kissed his toned abdomen, tracing a trail of fine curly hair toward his belt buckle. She blew gently on his now damp stomach raising goose bumps all over Dan's body. Then she undid the belt and pulled the jeans and briefs down over his narrow hips. 

Dan's cock was at half-mast, moving rapidly toward full, when his pants landed on the floor. Alice threw him playfully, but forcefully down on the bed and his head rocked back into the pillows. Alice turned toward the foot of the bed and kissed Dan's inner thighs starting at the knees and moving up toward Dan's waiting cock. 

Though shy in real life, Dan was no shrinking violet in bed. He grabbed Alice's legs and maneuvered them to straddle above his face getting her into the 69 position. Alice had started to suck on Dan's balls, but she stopped, distractedly, when his tongue darted toward the lips of her pussy. Pulling apart Alice's legs, Dan then parted the lips with his tongue and circled around her clit like a shark seeking prey. When he finally struck with a sudden flick, the anticipation made Alice shiver with shock. As Dan rolled the clit with his tongue, one finger began to explore deeper into Alice's pussy. 

"Oh yes! Oh, God!" she moaned. 

Alice tried to resume sucking Dan's cock, but he gave her backside a hard slap. She squealed, getting the message that this was her payback for the blowjob in the carrel. 

Dan stuck a second finger in Alice's pussy, which was now dripping wet with her sex. He slapped her ass again, harder this time. And once more for good measure. 

"Fuck me, now!" Alice demanded, pulling away from the pleasurable torture she had been receiving from Dan's fingers and tongue. 

Alice turned around to face Dan straddled his mid-section. Dan's cock was not quite hard, so she stroked it as she reached over to the end table for a rubber. After slipping the condom on his now engorged member, Alice sat up and worked Dan's cock between the glistening lips of her pussy. She lowered herself slowly onto the sheathed dick, feeling every inch of it fill her with pleasure that had been anticipated all evening. 

Dan reached up to grab Alice's beautiful breasts as she began to rock on top of him. A Mingus band drum solo beat out a frenetic rhythm in the other room, urging the two lovers to pick up their pace. The horns belted out a sultry counterpoint that was only accentuated by Alice's insistent cries. 

"Fuck me, Dan. Fuck me harder!"

He did, nearly bucking her off of him at one point, watching as her breasts and belly shook sensually above him. Dan began slapping Alice's ass cheeks in time with his thrusts and she, in turn, planted a hand firmly on his chest for leverage. 

"Yes, yes. I'm going to cum, Dan!" Alice screamed. "Fuck me," she bellowed once more for good measure. The bed slammed into the wall. "Ohhhhhhh!"

Alice's pussy clenched as the orgasm swept over her. Dan could take no more; he grunted with a low rumble of joy as he came, semen squeezed from his cock by every contraction of Alice's interior muscles. 

Alice flopped down on the bed beside Dan, the two lovers entangled in a happy, sweaty human knot. 

Bang! Bang! Bang! Pounding on the wall interrupted their reverie. 

"It's Felicia," Alice said still catching her breath. "She can't be happy with the noise... Plus, it's been ages since she's had a guy. Salt in the wound."

Alice's phone buzzed on the bedside table. A text from Felicia: "Fuck you both," it said. "I'm coming over."