 Working for the escort agency gave me a new lease of life. At 26 years of age I was looking for something different having become a little stale working as the manager of a retail outlet. I have always taken pride in my appearance and workout at the Gym on a regular basis. I know I am very attractive to women; I have all the classic good looks, I am tall, my hair is black and my body is trim. I possess those chiselled looks that women value so much. Women often reinforce the fact that I am "good looking and know it" by telling me so. I work hard to keep fit and look fit.

After a workout I would sometimes go for a massage and became interested in the techniques of massage, studying the subject and practicing whenever the opportunity arose and it arose often.

I got plenty of female attention and many offers. I could pick and choose and took the good opportunities that came my way. Once I built up a good relationship with a woman I would suggest that she let me give her an erotic massage. Erotic massages had become a specialty of mine and would lead to fantastic sex. I had been fortunate enough to meet an old guru who knew all the techniques. He was by the time I met him well in his 60s but we talked endlessly about technique and he was only too pleased to pass on all his knowledge to me. "It is all in the fingers," he would say, "Women love a man who knows just how to use his fingers."

I am an unselfish lover and whilst I get enormous pleasure from having sex with a beautiful woman it is giving pleasure that pleasures me most. I think there is no greater complement than when women have multiple orgasms for me -- and they do. That is something else my old guru taught me.

"You must always pleasure your woman to pleasure yourself, not the other way around. Her body is sacred like a temple, treat her like a goddess and she will give you double in return"

It was as a result of working out at the gym that the chance came along for a career change when I was approached by one of a women that used the gym regularly and asked me if I fancied doing some agency escort work. I thought why not?

At first it was just spare time, always in London, the agency would call me and ask if I was available when they had a client and if I was available I would do it. Slowly I built up a clientele of women who would ask for me specifically and very soon my ability to perform a very good massage also became well known. The agency used a website to advertise their male and female escorts where clients could search through the available escorts and choose the one they wanted for themselves.

As my fame for giving a good massage grew the agency asked if they could add it to my profile on their website. I agreed and negotiated an increased payment whenever a massage was involved and made it absolutely clear that I would only give a massage to female clients.

Work started coming in faster and faster and I realized that I could easily leave my job as a retail manager and take up escort and massage work full-time. It was also much more lucrative and far more enjoyable with good tips from wealthier clients on top of my normal fee from the agency.

Many of the clients were business women, the times having changed with more and more women working rather than just being happy to be housewives and in the process carving out successful careers for themselves they also travelled from various parts of world but mainly Europe. There were single and married women among my clients. Some just wanted an escort for the evening, others wanted a massage and there were those that wanted the full erotic massage. Some would start with the basic massage and it would develop into an erotic massage. If I really fancied the client I would move imperceptibly from the one to the other increasing the erotic pleasure in stages.

I continued working hard to perfect my massage techniques and my pièce de résistance became the Yoni massage. Yoni is the Sanskrit word for the vagina that is loosely translated as "sacred space" or "Sacred Temple." In Tantra, the Yoni is seen from a perspective of love and respect. The massage when expertly done is the most relaxing experience for a woman and at the same time extremely therapeutic and erotic.

I must make it clear at this stage that I did not perform a Yoni massage in a totally unselfish way as is taught in Tantra. I am not a therapist more of an opportunist.

The women who ordered a massage on the phone would be spoken to by a receptionist and those who ordered a massage by email were given the opportunity to leave a telephone number so that they could be contacted by the agency to verify the customer was genuine. They were always contacted by a female telephonist who was trained to gain as much information about the client as possible which would be done by entering into a bit of small talk and chit-chat. The clients would often slip into telling their life stories. Then a brief would be prepared for me and this gave me an advantage when meeting a client for the first time. This I always found extremely useful. This is how I first met Renate Braun.

Renate was a German business woman and what is often referred to as a "high flyer" she had arrived in London and had been to a high level business meeting telling the agency telephonist that she had had a very busy few days, was feeling stressed out and would like a massage at her hotel. She was told that unfortunately the agency only had one masseur who was male. Renate had replied it didn't matter as long as he was good at his job.

She was assured that the masseur was very good everything the agency did was very discreet and the time was fixed for seven o'clock that evening. I was given the brief about Renate and saw that much more information had been gleaned about her. She was 32 years old and had her own import/export business. She was married to Dieter Braun an economist who worked for the German government. Her travels took her all over Europe and she and her husband had extremely busy lives, they had no children. The clear impression gained was that she wanted a normal massage, plain and simple and with no sexual content.

I phoned her after I had read the brief and introduced myself telling her my name was Mark McGill and that I would be arriving at her hotel room at about six-thirty if that was alright. I ask her for her room number which she provided. I suggested that she take a shower before I arrived to help to relax and to open her pores in preparation for the massage and also suggested she wear a large enough bath towel for modesty purposes. She said she would and we ended the phone conversation.

I knew from the sound of her voice that this was to be a very business-like massage for a very business-like woman. Although I hadn't seen her yet I knew it was going to be very difficult to get beyond the basics. If she was anywhere near as gorgeous as she sounded I would be pulling out all the stops to thoroughly please her in every way that was for sure.

I arrived at the hotel and made my way directly to her room knocking on the door.

"Hello, whose there?" The voice was softly feminine.

"Mark McGill." I replied, "Your masseur Madam."

"Oh just a moment," She said in what was now clearly a soft German accent and I heard the key turn in the lock and the door opened.

In front of me stood this absolutely gorgeous creature, red hair and a stunningly beautiful face.

She had a large bath towel wrapped around her and as she turned to walk into her room with me following I could see that underneath that towel was a fabulous figure. The towel was sort of tucked into her breasts holding it up and it reached down to about half way up her very smooth looking thighs. Her arse moved tantalizingly inside the towel as she walked.

"I am afraid there is no massage table," she said turning to look at me properly for the first time, "Will the bed do?"

I saw her look me up and down and I noticed that look I often get from women. I know that apart from my other qualities my dark brown eyes often catch a woman's attention. I knew that at least her first impression was good and encouraging for me.

"The bed will do fine," I said, "but is there somewhere I can relieve myself of these cumbersome clothes, pointing to my suit and tie, "A good massage can be hard work."

"Oh of course, you can put them in there," Pointing to the bathroom.

I went into the bathroom and stripped down to a tight fitting T/Shirt that amply showed off my physique as it clung to my firm stomach muscles and the sleeves wrapped tight around my biceps.

Underneath my trousers, which I also removed I was wearing a pair of tight fitting Lycra bike shorts and under those a G string the pouch which was just able to contain my prick and balls.

I just draped my clothes over the bath and when I emerged I saw the look on Renate's face and her mouth fell ever so slightly open.

"You look great but is that really necessary?" She asked.

"Absolutely," I replied smiling, "As I have said massage is hard work if done properly and I take pride in my work, I will probably work up quite a sweat."

"OK fine, that's fine," She said still unable to take her eyes of my body and allowing herself the sneaky glance at the bulge in my Lycra shorts.

"Perhaps you would like to just sit on the bed while I set things up." I suggested.

She sat on the edge of the bed with her feet dangling over the side watching me while I took some candles out of my briefcase and placed them strategically around the room. Next I took out a cassette recorder and placed a Shostakovich DVD in it ready to play. The music is wonderful for helping to relax clients and it would play enough times over to cover the duration of the massage however long it took.

Shostakovich is also great to fuck to in case things got that far.

Next I took some oils from my briefcase and placed them on the small table at the side of the bed.

As I was going through my preparation we indulged in a little small talk before I turned to her smiling and asked her if she was ready for her massage.

"I ought to tell you that I have never had a massage before and I am only doing so now because a friend suggested it might be a good idea if I felt really stressed out." She informed me. "I want to make it clear to you that I want a straight forward massage and please keep strictly within my limits."

"I am a professional madam and will behave in a professional manner at all times. If at anytime you feel uncomfortable or want the massage to stop just say so. Now do you feel really stressed out?" I asked.

"Well, after the rigors of the past few days yes I do, very stressed out."

"Well that's why I am here and it's my job to de-stress you completely," I said. "Now it is important for you to become as relaxed as you possibly can."

I asked her to lie on the bed face down with her elbows bent outwards and with her hands and palms face down under her forehead. This placed her elbows at right angles to her neck.

"I will have to lower the towel to massage your back." I said as I took the towel it came away from underneath her and I folded it down so it was just above her buttocks exposing the whole of her back which looked utterly fabulous right down to the little brown mole just below her left shoulder blade. As she lay flat down on her breasts I notice them push out to the sides of her body as her weight was placed on them. She was not wearing a bra.

I sat on her right hand side putting some oil on my hands and rubbing it on her back spreading it fairly liberally, then leaning over her I started with her neck, placing my hands over it with my thumbs in the middle and my fingers wrapped gently round it I softly massaged her neck. She rolled her head helping to relieve the tension and I heard a slight crack at the top of her spine as the pent up tension released. Slowly I felt the tense muscles of her neck gradually soften and become more relaxed to my touch.

"That's lovely, you are becoming so relax now, just let all the tension go." I said slowly and softly deepening my voice one or two decibels to bring out the soothing husky texture.

Moving my hands along her shoulders and out to the end of her elbows and back again, kneading the nape of her neck very gently with my thumbs running them down until they were between her shoulder blades before returning all the way out to her elbows again feeling all the stress of her day slowly melting away.

"How does that feel," I asked "is it nice?

"Mmmm, wonderful." she respond, "You really do have magic hands."

Reaching with both hands across her back I pushed the flesh away from me to her left hand side and drew it back again, I knew this would send lovely feelings soaring through her body and I could see the little goose pimples that confirmed this for me. I worked on this part of her back for a while before moving to her left hand side and working on her back from the opposite direction doing exactly the same for her right hand side as for the left.

Moving to the bottom of the bed and putting a little oil on my hands I started to work on her toes and feet.

"Oh that feels fantastic," she sighed, "That is really great."

"And so it should, but the best is yet to come," I assured her. "Now just close your eyes and completely relax."

Bending her knee so her foot was pointing upwards I moved on to her right calf massaging the muscle at the back from her ankle up to the back of her knee and back again wrapping my hands around her foot massaging it a little firmer before returning down along her calf with both hands wrapped around it and my thumbs running up the centre of the muscle. After six or seven times I used my hands to roll her calf muscle from side-to-side to ensure that it was floppy and relaxed before doing the same to her left foot and left calf. I could sense Renate relaxing more and more all the time.

"You should be feeling very relaxed now, very calm and peaceful." I whispered to re-enforce her feelings of relaxation.

"Mmmmm," she sighed, "That is soooo nice,"

Straddling over her hovering just above her ankles I started to work on the backs of her thighs which were closed tight together I placed my hands around her right thigh and began to massage it, stretching from her knee all the way to the towel with its bottom edge about three inches from the top of her thighs. I just let my fingers touch the towel very gently before retreating back down her thigh to her knee and then returning again. I knew she could feel the slightest touch of my groin sliding along her heels as I rocked to and fro with each movement along her thigh and as I stretched with my fingers they just ran slightly under the towel a little further each time until my fingers disappeared a good inch under the towel before retreating again. Renate made no objection.

"If you find this uncomfortable in any way please let me know and I will adjust what I am doing." I assured her.

"Don't worry I will," she relied almost in a whisper but with a firmness that indicted that he had her limits. Her breathing became much more relaxed as tension seemed to drift away from her body.

Moving to her left thigh I repeat the process feeling her thigh relax in my hands as I massaged the soft, smooth flesh until it was floppy in my hands as she relaxed more and more.

"That's good Renate, relaxing nicely now," I said soothingly instilling more of a sense of floating into a relaxed state. I was using my voice as my old guru had taught me, deepen it to acquire and husky resonating quality to relax her mind with seductive masculine tones. "Massage her mind as well as her body." The old master would say with a devilish look on his face.

As I worked on the left thigh I gently, subtly allowed my genitals to touch her heels a little more but not too much, but I knew she could feel my bulge occasionally pressing against her and again she made no complaint.

"So far so good," I said in a low voice, I am sure she thought I was alluding to the massage but I was also happy with my progress in every way. I could feel her body responding to my touch, those almost imperceptible little nuances I have come to detect were slowly developing. I was actually thinking at this stage that I might be in with a chance of fuck as long as I didn't' rush it and take my time using my erotic massage skills to seduce my sweet, petite, German client.

As I looked at her body beneath me with her long red hair flowing to the side onto the pillow under her head I couldn't help but think just how beautiful she was. I knew I had massaged some very beautiful women in my time but Renate was more than beautiful, she was exquisite in every detail. 

Moving to sit on her calves I started to massage her back, placing both hands either side of her spine with my thumbs together in the middle meeting on her vertebra. 

Then using long strokes all the way up her back until I reached her neck before lifting my hands clear and replacing them just above the towel, the top of which was just above her buttocks and then doing the same again, I felt more and more tension melting away from her.

With each forward stroke my lower stomach rubbed against her buttocks, very slightly at first but with increasing levels of contact sitting back on her heels with my backward movements so she could feel my balls and cock for certain. If she was going to complain now was when she would do so but she didn't. To confirm this I asked her if she was comfortable and enjoying the massage.

"I will stop if you are not enjoying any part of this." I said tying to keep her reassured that she was ultimately in control but of course control was slowly slipping away from her to me.

"No, no please it is very nice and relaxing." She replied.

The ordinary business-like massage was gradually moving into the erotic massage territory and as long as I didn't rush things and continued with my softly, softly approach I felt I was on course to fuck Renate but it would take time and application. I wanted to dispel the business-like persona that had become her normal everyday demeanour and bring out her rich naturally submissive femininity.

Each time I thrust forward the towel moved a little higher up her thighs. I moved to her left hand side to start work on her thighs again and noticed that the towel had moved to reveal the lower cheeks of her arse and the pretty little pink thong she was wearing. I placed my hands on her right thigh reaching across the muscles and rolling them outwards and back again continuing this motion to exercise her thigh muscles and keep them relaxed. Moving up along the back of her thigh I and a little more under the towel.

"Just relax, let all the tension drift away, just float into a peaceful sense of calm." I was saying as the massage progressed to the soft strains of Shostakovich, "That's nice, now you are feeling lovely and very relaxed, just drift deeper and deeper into this wonderful relaxation as I massage you."

As my soothing massage continued my hands reached the very top of Renate's thighs and they parted just the slightest bit giving me a little glimpse between her legs to the pouch of her thong wrapped around her little pussy. Whether she knew I could see this or not I did not know. Moving over to her left hand side I repeated the process for her right thigh and saw that her legs had parted a little more I allowed my fingers to appear to accidentally and momentarily touch her pussy lips through her thong for the first time. I noticed as I did this that my finger caught a little bit of pussy juice before my hands again moved back down her thigh again to the back of knee. I looked again at her stretched out on the bed face down and couldn't help the devilish smile that invaded my face and the wicked thoughts that passed through my mind.
