 Carter Gordon had lost the love of his life at 20 in the summer of his sophomore year in college. Rosa the love of his life wanted to belong in high society so she married Lord Jason Brighton and he was on his 50s. Rosa his best friend and the woman who knows the art of breaking in, whether it's a locked locker, room, house or his heart. 

So Carter thought it was impossible to spot her 8 years later in front of his real estate empire. He defied the lifestyle of wealth like his mother but his maternal grandfather found a way to lure him in due to the depressed life he had experienced after losing Rosa. Now as the CEO he becomes more driven to life for success, no attachment, freedom and winning. 

"Can you show me the CCTV outside the building at 1pm" He demanded on the guard. "Pause that right there and print it." The guard looked at the picture and handed it to Carter. 

"Mr. Gordon this lady came in at 11:00 am meeting with Miss Sanchez." 

He thanked the man and learned from Miss Sanchez that Rosa Brighton has a proposal of investments. He immediately told Miss Sanchez to deny any business with her. 

A few weeks later he spots her at a bowl surrounded by men who is flirting and catering her every need. She was beautiful with her strawberry blonde hair curling down at shoulder length, brown oval hazel eyes, her complexion fair-light-brown complementing the blue-green dress. 

His date was sensing the loss of his attention from her when all his interest shifted to Rosa. His date left early and he stayed longer to watch over the girl he had loved dancing and enjoying the company of men as if she wasn't married. 

She left the party meanwhile he had stayed trying to digest what just happened. The woman he grew up with was somehow different now. She was more beautiful, more desirable and mostly not his Rosa... 

He entered his loft and turned on all the lights. He took off his bow tie, unbuttoned his shirt, sat down to the couch and place his vest to the chair. 

"Why were you staring at me all night?" She stands up from the corner window, her back leaned on the wall and arms folded. Her gown now slightly wrinkled. 

"Because you are so Goddamn beautiful." 

"Hmph." She dismissed sarcastically and paced nervously. "Do you hate me." 

"Why do you say that?" 

"My proposal you..." 

He got up and rubbed his eyes in annoyance. "God Rosa I know the Brighton are going bankrupt and why you are here but I can't help you. I will not be your escape goat. You left me for that man for God sake. I loved you since we were kids and I don't want anything to do with you again." 

She felt insulted and rashly walked towards the exit. 

When Rosa was about to open the door he ran after her and his hands pressed on the wood and prevented her from opening the door. He was behind her and close enough that he could smell her hair. "God damnit Rosa." He cursed his weakness when he found himself kissing the side of her neck and gently touching her shoulder. 

He left her chin up and their eyes met. "Carter about my proposal..." 

He holds her tightly from behind and caressed her body clumsily. Slowly unzipping her dress. 

"What's in it for me." He said as he fondled her lips with his but never kissing her. 

"What do you have in mind?" 

"This." Her dress fell on the ground leaving only a black silky knee high garter belt stockings. He turned her to face him and kissed her intensely. She could feel his erection while his hands slowly stroked her breasts. 

He withdraw his lips to observe her reaction. 

She arched her hips forward to feel the sensation of his erection between her thighs. She looked eager for more and he ripped her underwear which made her gasped in surprise. He was staring at her body without touching her. Her breast erect and her breast delightfully pleasing with rosy nipples and nicely trimmed bushed. 

"Gordon please stop staring at me like that." 

"God how did you become more beautiful." He sucked her nipples hard unable to leave it alone, biting, fondling until it was red and almost bruising. He continued nursing on her breast while stroking her slit and fingering her pussy, he found her mouth and they kissed passionately until the pleasure of the kiss helped her climax with his fingers. He swallowed the moan from her climax and his fingers found her slit. 

"You made me so wet." He proudly smiled from that accomplishment and found the encouragement to stroke her even assertively. He stopped only to replace his fingers with his erection. 

"God your still so tight." 

She accepted his cock and raised her right thigh to his hips which he caress and reached out to the cheeks of her buttocks and pulled her more towards her by kneading and gripping her backside. 

She felt her other knee weaken and squeeze on his muscular arm for support and realize that his body had changed. He was more muscular, his face more manly, his eyes deeper green and more serious not the eyes that she use to stare, his shoulder wider and his skin more darker. The man was a stranger and she wanted so much to know him. He couldn't help but kiss her passionately when she licked her lips in anticipation on learning more about the man that was holding her. 

He stroked her nipples that was swollen and she squirmed. He bent down to suck on her nipples and enjoyed the frantic reaction that her hips were giving. 

"Are you planning to make my nipples sore." He smiled and sucked harder on her nipples and groping, stroking, massaging her breast and penetrating her with quick and hard movement. He carried her while she encircled her legs up to his back. He sat on the couch and she rides on him. 

He pumped her breast like milking her while swirling the nipple with his thumb and she came from the sensation of her breast. She came from the sensation of her breast that he sucked on gently. 

"Carter I never came from the sensation of my breast before." 

"I'm going to devour all of you." He kept licking her breast and laid her down the couch. He withdraw inside of her and spread her legs. He couldn't wait to taste that pussy and he bent down to taste her slit excitedly. First he licked the pelvis, the inner thigh, the folds and the nub. He enjoyed and tasted her sex and his tongue found her deeper warmth. His tongue feeling the silky, slippery and wet entrance of her vagina. 

It was contracting and convulsing from the pleasure of his tongue. His tongue twirl even more and her hips followed the rhythm of his tongue. His fingers entered her, first 1 then 3, the fingers first lazily coating from her juice, touching the silky walls, then mimicking the movement of his penis like entering her in and out. His fingers was fast, hard, pressed and twirl inside of her. It made a sucking noise on her pussy as it violently slipped, rubbed and fucked her twitching pussy. She came violently from his fingers and he licked her clean. 

Rosa got up and pushed him to his back. "It's my turn." She licked the tip of his shaft and twirled her tongue around the head. She ran her fingers gently over the underside of his cock. Tongue bathing while her eyes never leaving his. 

"Shit." He responded at the sensation. Her wet mouth taking him inside while his fingers slides up and down. Her fingers could sense his pulse and she continued to suck him. She kiss and lick on his cock as her hands run up and down, squeezing it a little and sucking the head. With the intensity of the sensation Carter came and she swallowed his cum. 

"Now we are even." She wiped her mouth and he saw her stumbling over as she picked her stuff and dress herself again. "Can you come here and zip me up." 

Naked and unbelievably overthinking what just happened he zip her dress and she turned to thank him. 

"I want to see you again?" 

She turned around before opening the door. 

"I'm a married woman Carter." He caught her hand and pulled her so he could whisper on her ears. 

"Your proposal requires more than this night." He kissed her cheeks and pulled her to him. She sigh in surprise and realize she was frightened of what he was actually offering. 

"I don't understand." 

"I know you love this lifestyle Rosa.. if you want to maintain it." He raised her chin and nimble on her lips. "Then you'll have to go through me."