 Would love to be with you.....

Say, do you sometimes think of me, have a hard on, and, have to relieve it?

What have you dreamed of doing to me lately.......?

The above snippet is from an email I received from my French lover tonight. She contacted me via the internet, from a dating site several weeks ago.

She is exquisite! 5' 2" tall and only 104 pounds, she has small breasts and incredible legs. Her face is a picture of loveliness framed by shoulder length streaked blonde hair. Wonderfully thick hair. With deep-set eyes, a thin nose, freckles and a thin-lipped mouth she has the air of an aristocrat. Which is appropriate since she was a duchess. In other words, she's perfect!

I got her attention after our first date. She asked me how I felt when holding her in my arms (we only lightly kissed on that first date, but did hug for a few mintues). I wrote her back a rather erotic note about caressing her face. She was blown away, telling me I had her melting as she read it. That lead to her offering herself to me on our second date! Lucky me! :-)

Ever since, she likes for me to write delicious email notes to her. She gets very turned on with me. She's told me more than a half-hour after we've screwed that she can still feel me in her. Once she told me she thought of me while at work and wet her panties with her juices! This is a note that recounts a recent night we spent together. I hope you enjoy it!

You tease me so! Yes, I have and do think of you, and yes I have relieved the pressure while thinking of you. Thinking of how erotic you are, how you make me so hot and so very hard. Have I told you how incredibly special you made me feel on Saturday? You were tired, so I didn't start anything, but I was naked as always. I suggested you hold me from behind, I like to be held like that almost as much as I like to hold you like that.

But then you started caressing me. So nice to feel you running your hand over my side, my back, my chest, my ass and leg. I was semi-hard then. I made room for you to be able to touch my chest, you reached up and caressed my neck like I do to you. Oh my! It felt so good, so sensual, so erotic! Then you stroked my side and leg again, you reached over and ran your hand over my left leg. I thought, "Oh wow, she's going to hold my cock!" I was filled with anticipation, almost holding my breath.

Sure, I've had women do similar things to me. But not usually when they are tired, have expressed a desire to get some sleep. Not when I've turned away from them to spoon, they just usually end up asleep. But you, you were turned on by holding me, touching me. You wanted me, and you were going to have me! That was an incredible feeling for me, I loved every second! I'm getting hard just writing and thinking about it now.

Thinking about how you did reach for my cock, stroking it, making it harder. You were so horny you were rubbing your body up and down my back while stroking my body and cock. How you turned me on my back, kissing me on the lips, playing with my tongue. You kissed your way down my chest and stomach, playing with my cock and balls, making me harder still. You sucked me into your mouth; your hot, wet mouth, making me moan with pleasure. So exquisite a feeling! You sucked me hard, concentrating your lips and tongue on the head of my dick while stroking my shaft with your hand. My god you were making me writhe with desire. You were nearly making me come when you stopped.

You rose up over me, straddled my body and took my hard, very wet cock in your hand and put it inside you. Your urgency was evident when you slammed all the way down taking me all the way into you. You ground your pussy against my crotch, rubbing your clit against me while feeling my hardness throb inside you. Your actions were driving me crazy with lust! I held you, running my hands up and down your sides. I reached around and grabbed your soft round ass and squeezed it, using it to pull you up and down on me.

Heaven. That's where we were then, in a heavenly state of bliss. You were moaning and grunting with the motions we were making, feeling the fullness inside you as I stroked in and out. Feeling the wetness, you were so wet. Almost dripping onto my body, really soaking my cock and balls. I reached down to your pussy lips and my fingers became wet with your juices, with our combined juices. I ran my fingers over your pussy lips, up and over your asshole, pressing just a little. Holding your ass again, stroking up into you. 

Several times you forced yourself down onto me, putting me deep into you so you could rub your clit against me again and again! The heat was building in me. I felt you come several times as we fucked with you on top! Such a magnificent view, you on top of me. I reached up inside your top and grabbed your tits, squeezing them against you, feeling their softness, their shape. I pulled on your nipples, so hard and long for me. I pushed the top up and you pulled it off, allowing me free access to your front.

You looked so beautiful, so sexy. I feasted on you with my eyes, hardly believing what they showed me. I ran my hands over your lovely toned, muscular torso. Up to your neck, you tilted your head back and I held your neck. Stacy, I do so love to hold your neck, to stroke it and feel its shape and strength in my hand! I was so excited by your love-making, my cock was so hard and so big!

I rolled you onto your back without taking my cock out of your pussy. I started fucking you hard and fast. Christ, I'm getting so hard thinking about that! I kissed you, we played with each other's tongues and lips. Faster into you. You're so tight! So wet! I look at you, laying there below me as we screw each other's brains out! I'm reaching a feverish point, my cock is tingling all over. The head is so sensitive and you keep pressure on it with your pussy muscles. I stroke in and out with short strokes, running the head of my cock in and out of the entrance of your pussy. I'm getting close, so close. Breathing hard now, working my cock in and out of you, going deep every so often to be rewarded with a grunt and moan of appreciation from you. Hot, you are so hot.

I'm sweating, the sweat drips off me. But I'm getting so close, I can't hardly believe it! The feeling of pressure in my loins increases. More and more I pound into you, all the while looking into your eyes. Then it happens! I feel the semen travel up my cock and spurt out, into your hot, wet pussy! Again, and again I spurt my hot semen into your pussy. Oh my god! I feel a great sense of pleasure having come in you.

We hold each other for several minutes. I'm soaked with sweat, soaking you. We slide against each other, I love the feel of you under me, the texture of your skin against mine. I roll off of you after my cock has slipped out. Wet and sticky. You kiss me.

Do I think of you? I hope so! :-)

What have I dreamed of doing to you lately? I've dreamed of holding you in my arms. Of kissing you. Of undressing you, kissing each part of your body as it becomes exposed. I want to touch you, starting with your face. I've thought of teasing you over several hours. Walking up to you and holding you, then reaching down to caress your ass, then reaching inside your pants to hold your bare ass. I want to hold you from behind and reach around you to tease your breasts and nipples. Then I want to put my hand in your pants and touch your wet pussy, put my fingers between your pussy lips, running them up and down your slit, putting a finger inside you. Then stopping. Leaving you hot and bothered.

I'll do that several times during the day. When we finally get time alone, in the bedroom or in the living room, doesn't matter, I will start anew. I'll stroke your face, running my fingers over your cheek bones, your nose, your jaw. I'll stroke your body, feeling its loveliness, strength and texture. I'll undress you, kissing you deeply all the while. I'll

Damn, it's after midnight! I've not gotten enough work done! This will have to wait... more tomorrow!

With eager anticipation,

Your excited lover,

Staghorn