 "2:34... just two more hours to go," Ashley thought. It was Friday afternoon, and after a long week, she was ready to leave. While staring at a sea of company protocols and mindless paperwork, her mind started to wonder. Ashley leaned back in her office chair and contemplated her evening plans. "I wonder if Conner will be around?" she questioned. She looked behind her to find no one there. Stealthily she reached for her bag and unearthed her phone.

Busy Tonight? She messaged him. She placed the cellular phone down and pulled up a document on her desktop. A few moments later, there was a subtle tone from her phone announcing she had a reply. Quickly she flipped it open and read.

"What do you have in mind?" The dialog began...

"Dinner at 7?" she responded.

"Sounds good. Where?"

"Meet you at Oliviertti?"

"See you then J"

The date was set. Ashley was extremely excited, and while she was not ready for a relationship of any consequence after the last disaster, she very much enjoyed his company. Conner was a smart and funny man... creative and attractive too. "There must be something wrong with him," she deliberated. "After all, no one is perfect."

* * * * *

Conner was leaning on the side of his car as Ashley pulled up. He had his stoned washed jeans on, which she loved, and a trendy lightweight jacket. Sunglasses covered his gorgeous eyes but she could still make out a hint of his exquisite smile. She turned her engine off, locked the door than made her way over to him.

"You look nice," Conner noted.

Ashley bashfully looked down. "Thank you," she answered. The two stood there for a moment, not sure of what to say. After what seemed like hours of silence, Conner finally spoke.

"Shall we?"

"Yes indeed." Why was it so difficult for her to talk to him? Sure, she was definitely intimidated by this well-rounded creature, but she decided not to let him get the best of her. He opened the door and motioned for her to lead.

They were seated quickly in the dimly lit atmosphere. The waitress passed each of them a menu and rattled off the evening's specials. Knowing they would need more time to order, she took their drink order and flashed them a smile. Soon Ashley and Conner were alone staring at the elaborate list of options. 

"He looks really good," Ashley thought to herself. As her eyes softly traced his body, she could feel her nipples become erect. "Oh, not here," she begged herself. She knew she would not be able to fight the feeling off long. Daydreaming, she imagined his strong hands running down her body. A slight shiver shot down her spine and she could feel she was growing wet. She closed her eyes and bit her lower lip lightly as she pictured slowly stripping off his clothes. 

"Do you know what you want?" Conner's voice penetrated her thought. Ashley snapped out of her trance and blushed as she tried to find words to answer him.

"Yes," her voice cracked. 

"What were you really thinking about?" he inquired. Ashley bit her lower lip again and lowered her eyes. After a few moments, she looked back up at him. "Oh, really?" he laughed. Somehow, he knew how to read her. There was no use keeping secrets from him or denying how she felt. She slid her sandal off and let her toes grasp onto the bottom of his pants. "And what do you think you are doing?" he questioned.

"I think you know that already," she sheepishly answered. She let her foot travel up his leg until it reached his kneecap. He grinned as he leaned his head to the side a bit.

"You know, you are nothing but trouble," he joked. Judging by his cooperative attitude, Ashley felt she could heat it up a notch. Her toes made circles around his knee then continued its ascent over his inner thigh. She could already feel his cock tugging at his pant fabric aching to break free. Soon she could feel him growing hard as she applied a little more pressure. This time Conner's voice cracked. "We really should order..." he trailed off. He wanted her too, and he knew she would not stop until she got what she needed.

"You order for us," Ashley instructed. "I will meet you near the bathroom." Before he had a chance to respond she had left her chair and headed across the surprisingly calm restaurant. He followed her with his eyes, staring as her butt shifted from side to side.

* * * * *

Ashley peered around the woman's bathroom. She bent over slightly and took a quick glance at the bottoms of the stalls. The place was completely empty and surprisingly clean. She pushed back the door to the adjoining hallway. Conner was already standing there. Ashley was startled for a moment, not expecting him so soon. He did not waste anytime and pressed himself against her. "Do you feel that?" he asked her. She groaned softly. "I thought so." He pressed her a little harder this time until her back was against the wall. "Is the coast clear?" Ashley gazed up at him, smiled and grabbed his hand. She led him into the restroom.

"In here," she directed. Soon they found themselves in a stall and she clasped the lock behind them. While her back was turned, Conner ran his hands down her sides. Ashley trembled. He pressed himself up against her. He gathered her hair with his hands and moved it to the side, slightly tugging to bend her neck to the side. Ashley moaned gently as he trailed kisses down her neck. He let his hands fall to her sides and grabbed onto her waist. He nuzzled into her shoulder while he used his hands to outline her ass. Conner dragged his palms forward and pressed his fingertips into her quivering inner thighs.

Ashley turned around and placed her hands gently on his face. She pulled him in and their lips finally met. Conner pressed his rigid cock against her while their mouths slightly opened. Ashley sucked on his tongue delicately then moved onto his lower lip. He began to gather up her knee length skirt in his hands and continued to kiss her. She pushed back into him, grabbing at the bottom of his shirt. He bit her lower lip and Ashley released a hushed moan. Conner pulled back and moved his lips to her ear. He tenderly sucked on it.

"You are going to have to be quiet if we are going to do this," he whispered. "Think you can do that?"

"I will do my best," she giggled back. He laughed to himself as he shoved a hand up her shirt and past her bra. He massaged her breast, than pinched her already stiff nipple. The force of Ashley's kiss increased, telling him she enjoyed it. He moved both hands back down and continued to fuss with her skirt. She ran her hand over the front of his pants to feel his unyielding cock. He groaned quietly and shoved his hand between her thighs abruptly. As Conner moved his hand up, he could feel her wetness. She was hot, and he knew what she desired. Ashley clutched his sides as he searched for her swollen clit. He swiftly found it and gave it a few short flicks. Her breath shortened with each motion. His teasing caused her body to tremble with pleasure.

Conner pushed against her harder shoving her back to the stall wall, then pulled back from her kiss once again. "No panties, huh?" he smirked. She smiled back at him devilishly. He moved back in and bit her lip. She ran her hands through his hair and gripped passionately and he circled her clit with his thumb. It was getting hard to breathe, but neither of them wanted to stop. The taste of his lips was intoxicating to her and the biting sensation just drove her wild.

After a few minutes, Ashley thought she was going to explode. He knew just how to touch her. Every time she would get close to cumming, he would slow his pace or change his motion. Conner slid his finger into her and continued to massage her aching clit. He could feel her muscles clench and release sporadically around his finger. She could not handle it anymore. 

"Oh please, Conner," she begged. "Don't stop... please just don't stop..." her voice trailed off. He hushed her with his lips. He pulled his hands to her waist and seated her up on the bathroom tissue dispenser pushing her still for control. In her moments of freedom from his exquisite torture, she found his belt and unlatched it. Ashley seized the button of his pants and fooled with it until she could push them and his boxers to his knees. She wrapped her fingers around his cock. Pre-cum formed at the tip and she rubbed it with her thumb around the head. Ashley flickered over it a few times then proceeded to run her hand down his shaft.

Conner was hard as a rock. He pressed either of his hands into her thighs and spread her legs open. He moved them inward and once again placed his thumb on her clit. She shook against him. He knew she was close when her hand abandoned his cock. Ashley grabbed onto the top of his arms and tilted her head back to indulge. Conner kept teasing her with his right hand and brought his left down to his cock. He gave it a few strokes than placed it at her opening. Her head snapped to front and their eyes met. Slowly he pushed into her wetness, impaling himself to the hilt. Ashley wrapped her arms around him and buried her face into his shoulder. He pulled her in tightly as a few of her short moans of pleasure dissipated against his body. He felt the muscles of her walls enclose upon him in an undulating motion. Conner started to thrust in and out of her as her breathing became more regular.

"Oh Conner, you feel so good," she whispered to him. Ashley licked, sucked and softly bit on his ear lobe. He continued at a slowed pace to savor this feeling of ecstasy. "Take me from behind... please," she pleaded. Unwillingly, he pulled out of her so she could hop down. She spun around promptly and tipped forward. Conner wasted no time, and Ashley helped spread herself open so he could insert his length back into her. 

With a not so quiet clap, his waist pushed against her ass. She groaned softly. At this point, he did not care if anyone could hear; he wanted to relish this feeling inside of her. He pulled in and out of her slowly, making sure not to hurt her. Once he knew it would be safe he quickened his pace and slammed himself deep inside her. Ashley gasped. As he hammered into her, he dragged his hands down her back. Conner's hands stopped at her waist. He held onto her tightly as he helped guide her on and off him. With a few more rapid strokes, he could feel himself building to climax. Ashley could tell he was close too. His breath had quickened dramatically and he was having trouble holding back his own sounds of release. 

"Ahhh, yes..." he groaned. "I am going to cum. You are going to make me cum..." he trailed off. She kept up the rhythmical motion of their bodies, but on an upward motion, she dismounted him. He shot a look downward in surprise and slight horror, but the feeling was remedied once her mouth engulfed his cock. He tilted his head back and reached his hands down to hold onto her hair. He squeezed it tightly as Ashley felt his cum shoot to the back of her throat. She kept sucking and licking in sync to assure the prolongation of his orgasm. She released him when his body twitched soothingly. 

"I needed to taste you," she whispered seductively. Conner leaned back against the wall as Ashley adjusted her clothing. Carefully she opened the stall door and took a step out. After a quick inspection of the restroom, she found the coast to be clear. They continued to sneak back to their table. Not moments after they sat down did their food arrive.

"Good timing, don't you think?" Conner remarked.

"Indeed... I'm starving," Ashley added. Conner looked up at her and with a clever smile, the two dug in.