 After 10 hours on the road, I think its time for a break. I headed to a college reunion with my old friends. We try to get together once a year for eating and lots of drinking. The party starts at 10:30 in the morning, and I've still got 4 hours to drive. Its only a quarter past nine, and I think its time to take a break, piss, and brush my teeth. There is a rest area in 8 miles. That should work.

As I pull in, I notice that there are two cars in the lot. Seems like it will be a quiet place to stop for the night. I'll feel better for the crazy weekend if I get some sleep. The worst part is there won't be any girls at the party. We all left our wives and girlfriends home for the weekend. Its the only way we are allowed to do it. My girlfriend made me swear I wouldn't see any girls with all that alcohol present. I would never tell her about the stripper that one guy called over three years ago.

As I pull up, one of the cars is a minivan and I see the family getting back in the car with their dog. The other car is a midsize SUV, an Escape or something, with sorority stickers on the back windshield. There isn't anyone in the car. I'm driving a 2004 Malibu, the same car I had when I was in college. It has 178,000 miles on it. I'd love to get something newer, but its just not in the cards.

I reach in my bag and grab out my toothbrush and deodorant and head in to the bathroom. As I walk to the building and open the door, I see the other guest for the night walk out as I hold the door. She smiled at me, and I felt a shiver run through my body. Blonde, 24 or 25, 5'8" 145 pounds. She is wearing a white t-shirt and sweat pants. As she walked past, she said, "thanks" as our eyes met. She was absolutely gorgeous. She wasn't wearing a bra or underwear; I could easily see the pants barely hanging on her nice ass. "Yeah..." I muttered as she walked past. I stared at her ass as she walked to her car. She turned around after about 12 steps and caught me watching. "Hannah. I hope you enjoy your stay tonight..." "Sean... Nice to meet you."

I turn and walk in. "Yeah? What a fucking stupid thing to say... That was your chance..." As I brush my teeth and splash water on my face, I can't stop thinking about Hannah. She looks just like the type I used to chase in college. Slim, perky tits, tight ass, blonde hair and green eyes. 

I walk back outside, and it is the perfect night. 72 degrees with a gentle breeze. My car is parked 3 spaces to the right of Hannah's, and as I walk to my car, I see that she has the back hatch opened and is sitting down in the back. 

I walk around the back. "Hey Hannah. Can't sleep?" 

"No, I'm too excited."

"Yeah, me too. Been waiting for this weekend all year."

"Why is that?"

"I'm heading to a party with my old college buddies. Been planning it all year."

"Where did you go to college?"

"N.C. State."

"No way! I'm in a masters program in social work there!"

"Really? How do you like it?"

"Its fine. I just want to be done with school."

"Don't be. 'Real life' can suck."

"Why do you say that"

"You don't get to have the same fun, bills are serious, and you have to pay back your debt. And the girls just aren't the same..."

Hannah stole a glance at me. Maybe I took it too far...

"Yeah? What do you mean the girls aren't the same."

"Well, I used to date girls that looked like you in college. Truthfully, you are just my type."

"Come sit next to me."

"I better just head to my car..."

"Are you nervous because of what your girlfriend would think?"

"You don't know that I have a girlfriend."

"C'mon. You're handsome. I'm sure you have a girlfriend."

"I'll take that as a compliment." I walk over and sit next to Hannah, both apprehensive and excited. I haven't felt this sexually excited in years. I can tell Hannah is wanting this to go somewhere. She pulls out a vape pen.

"Here, have some. You're not to old to some some oil, are you?"

"No, give it here." Sure enough, she has marijuana in the pen.

"So, tell me, Sean, are you attracted to me?"

"Yes.. I am. But not..."

"I know you were staring at my ass. And I don't blame you. Isn't it nice?" As she said this, she slid on to my lap. I could feel her rubbing my cock with her ass through my gym shorts and her pants. She continued to slide up and down, my cock started to get rock hard.

"Handsome and big. You definitely have a girlfriend."

I slowly reach my hands up into her shirt and reach around to feel her tits. Hannah let out a soft moan. She turns around and straddles me and we start to kiss.

"Stop. I'm going to lay down my back seats."

As Hannah bent over to put down the seats, I could see her round ass, and I knew that I would soon be fucking her, and I could not handle myself any longer.

We climbed in the back seat and continued making out as I took off her shirt. As I played with her breasts, she took off my shirt. There wasn't a ton of room in the back seat, but in some ways, that made everything more exciting. Her long legs were wrapped around me and she reached down into my pants and started to stroke my cock.

At this point, we both leaned back as she was working on my cock. I could tell she was excited at the size. I never thought I was that big, but Hannah obviously did.

I reached my hands into her pants, and she wasn't wearing underwear. She was already wet, and her pussy was so tight. As one finger massaged her clit, the other made its way inside. The look on her face was one of sheer pleasure. 

As I laid back, she slid my shorts off, and my breath stopped as she took off her pants and climbed on top of me. We had no lube or condoms, but she spit on her hand and rubbed by dick before sliding all of my cock inside of her. She moaned as I went in her tight, wet pussy.

She started to slowly ride my cock, then bent over to start kissing. I had not felt like this in a long time. I grabbed her hips and started to guide her, going harder and faster and I couldn't contain myself. She leaned back and started to cry out.

"Sean! Fuck yes! Don't stop! Fuck me hard!"

Just then, we saw headlights shine through the windows that were fogged up. 

"Shit" Hannah said.

"Don't worry about it. Keep going."

"What if they see us. Are you really worried about that? Flip over"

Hannah got on her knees and I took her from behind. Seeing her round ass and tight pussy sticking out sent me to another level. I went inside and started to fuck her so hard. Just as I had imagined, I was fucking the hell out of the cute girl I met at the rest area. Hannah's body started to quake as she climaxed, and I was about to cum.

"I'm going to cum... Turn over..." 

Hannah turned over and started to suck my cock until I came all over her face. I had never been fucked like that by such a gorgeous woman. What a start to my weekend...

I climbed out of Hannah's car and walked to the bathroom to clean up, I couldn't help but replay the incredible sex I just had. Nothing could be better.

As I walked out of the bathroom, I bumped into something. Or someone. It was a woman. A total opposite from Hannah. She was in her late 30's, 5'6", 180 pounds, dark, curly hair, and curvy as hell. Her tits were double d at least, and she had a fat ass. I could tell because she was walking around in only her bra and panties.

"Oh shit... I'm sorry. I didn't know anyone else was in here. I get comfortable at these places. I hope you don't mind."

I was dumbstruck. She was strikingly sexy. I could imagine my face in her tits, and her thick lips sucking my dick.

"No, the pleasure is all mine..."

"Oh, this outfit? Its not one of my better ones."

"I think it looks amazing..."

"You think so?"

"Yeah, you're fucking sexy..."

At that, a light came on in her eyes. 

"Follow me."

She grabbed my short drawstrings and pulled me into the ladies room. As soon as we were in, she dropped to her knees and pulled down my shorts.

"Twice in one night?"

"What?" She said pulling my cock from her lips.

"Nothing. This is awesome."

She stopped for a moment to unsnap her bra, and she then rubbed my cock between her tits.

"Have you ever had a tit job from tits like these before?"

"No. You feel amazing. These are so awesome."

"Reach in my bag. Grab the lube and condom."

I reach for her bag and grab them out. She slid the condom on my cock and put lube in her pussy and on my cock. She then stood up and whispered in my ear, "Fuck me now."

"Yes ma'am".

She placed one leg on the sink totally exposing her pussy. I rammed my cock deep inside, and continued to fuck her. She was screaming uncontrollably.

"Fuck me in my ass..."

I keep fucking her and stick my finger in her ass hole, and I realize that she is ready for it. I slide my cock out and start to slide it into her ass. I can tell she is experienced. She relaxes just enough for me to get inside. Anal isn't something I'm usually into, but she knows how to do it.

Just then, someone walks into the bathroom.

"Sean!"

"Hannah!?"

"What the fuck? Do you two know each other?"

"I'm cumming!"

I pull out and shoot my load all over her giant tits. She then sticks her finger in it and licks her fingers.

"Sean, what are you doing?"

"I'm sorry, Hannah. It just kind of happened."

"Hannah? Is that it? Come here."

Hannah slowly walks over, still just wearing the t-shirt and sweat pants.

"Hannah, I'm Lisa. Sean just fucked the hell out of me. He has a nice cock, doesn't he?"

"Yes ma'am."

"He has pleasured us. Now, let's return the favor."

Just then, Lisa pulled down Hannah's pants and started to lick her pussy. I take off the condom and throw it in the garbage.

"Sean, you watch as I eat Hannah's tight pussy."

"Yes ma'am."

Hannah seemed to be enjoying it running her fingers through Lisa's hair.

"Sean, Hannah's pussy is so wet. Come fuck her while she eats my pussy."

"Yes ma'am."

So much for a rest area... I'm not getting much sleep tonight...