 The desire was unbearable, but she only had herself to blame, she reflected. After all, she wouldn't even be here if she had not practically forced herself over to his apartment in a drunken spell, claiming that she couldn't sleep while her roommate's boyfriend was at her place. It was half the truth, anyway. The guy did have a bad habit of snoring and hogging the bathroom in the morning. 

The full truth of it was, she wanted to sleep next to him again. To feel his body relax against her curves, to fit together in the dark. Sometimes, he put his arm around her and pulled her closer, making her heart race. But all too soon, he would wake and move away, leaving her cold and aching to feel him again. Over and over this would happen, and she would lay awake for hours after he slept, watching his face in the shadowy darkness. Her mind would wander to dangerous territories, and she would think about what it would be like to be his lover, and not just his friend. 

Tonight was no exception. Tossing and turning, even moving away from his heat under the blankets, trying to think of mundane things, did nothing to relieve her. She had woken up an hour before to the feeling of his body against hers...and his hard cock pressed against her from behind. His boxers were an ineffective barrier, and her thin pants did little to mask the sensation. Before she could stop them, her hips shifted, moving against his cock, pressing gently. She had to bite her lip to keep from moaning softly, loving the feeling. All too soon, however, he shifted in his sleep, and rolled over, taking his heat away. Leaving her aroused beyond belief and unable to do anything about it. 

If she were a braver person, she would reach out and glide her fingers down his spine, rousing him to wakefulness. When he would question her, she would merely capture his mouth in a kiss, swallowing his protests and his excuses until he gave in to their desire. Kissing and licking down his body, she would tease him mercilessly, until he would beg her to do more, to touch his cock, anything. Running her tongue down the trail on his belly, she would slowly remove his boxers, leaving him exposed to her heated gaze. His sight of his cock would make her skin flush and her pussy ache with wanting it inside of her...but she would make them both wait. She would taste him first. 

The first touch of her soft, wet mouth against the head of his cock would make him jump and groan aloud. Taking her time, swirling her tongue lazily around him while gently sucking him harder and deeper into her throat as drops of his pre-cum emerged from the tip. She slowly would bring him close to orgasm, but would back off each time he almost came, which was signaled by the tightening of his balls and fingers that were now buried in her hair, pulling her in rhythm. 

Frustrated and aroused beyond belief, he would almost growl her name in lust and impatience before grabbing her arms and pulling her up his tight body. He would almost rip her shirt in his haste to get it off, exposing her breasts to his gaze. Her pierced nipples were already hard with excitement, and the cool air and the heat of his stare made her shiver. His fingers would slide over the soft skin of her breasts, gently at first, then becoming more bold as she twisted under his touch, moaning softly. Pinching her nipples, pulling slightly on the rings, he wrecked havoc on her body before he upped the torture by taking one of her nipples into her mouth while playing with the other one, something that always sent her almost over the deep end. It was her turn to almost growl out his name in the dark, loving what he did to her. 

After what seemed an eternity, he would move between her legs as he played with her breasts, rubbing against her pussy through her panties, which he removed quickly. She knew she could feel how wet she was, and how she was burning up for him. She would buck her hips up, rubbing against his hard cock, wanting to feel him inside of her. He would wait though, poised over her like that, kissing her and teasing her with his cock, grinding the head against her clit. 

"Please...." She would whimper softly, going crazy with anticipation. "I need to feel you inside of me, baby...please, make love to me, fuck me...anything." 

He would smile that smile that always drove her crazy, and suddenly, with a shove of his hips, impale her with his cock. Crying out in surprise and pleasure, she would twist under him, feeling her already tight pussy clamp down around him. Wrapping her arms and legs around him, she moved her hips in time with his deep, slow thrusts, moaning in his ear between kisses. She could feel the tension in his body, and could hear the noises he was making as he grew closer to his own orgasm. She flexed her muscles around him, and his thrusts became more urgent and desperate. 

She would cum soon after that, the fire in her belly exploding over and over. Crying out his name, her whole body would tighten and tease him further, until he would stiffen and groan deeply, cumming with her, until they were both spent. Her name would be on his tongue as he would lean in for one deep kiss before sleep. 

But this wouldn't happen. Not tonight, and maybe not ever. Instead, she would roll over and hold her pillow tight, fighting her desire for what could be as the sun lightened the room slowly. They would wake soon, and pretend that everything was normal and fine...but the ache in her would linger, until the next time they shared a bed.