 Once again, I must thank my close friend, The Big Bopper, who also writes here, he has helped me so much.

*

This is a 'true story' of what happened on a holiday in Bali with my friends, when I met a well-hung Dutchman.

This is about a young girl, who, like most young girls, enjoys sex.

"Will all passengers for flight G/A 71 please make your way to the boarding gate," the message came over the airport speakers. The flight took off at 7.15 am, so we should be in the hotel in Bali, by 12 midday, looking for talent, 'GUYS' we hoped.

There were four of us, four girls looking forward to our trip to the tropical isle of Bali.

We had been there a few times before, so we knew what to do, what to expect. We took our seats in business class. Being a flight attendant, I had managed to get us upgraded. There was more room in business class, instead of flying economy.

We settled in our seats, drinking champagne, or whatever you required. Myself, I am a simple Bacardi and coke girl, but not drinking all that often, I watch how much I drink.

As the flight to Bali from West OZ is only 3½ hours, time tended to pass so quickly with us talking, and each saying what we hoped to do. Who was going to do what, and with whom? You never know what will happen in Bali.

We were picked up at the airport, and then whisked off to the hotel. Being there many times, I had emailed them to say when we are arriving there, and for how long. We normally stay 10 days.

They had the rooms ready, the same one's we have every year, very close to the pool, with the normal king size beds, ummmmmmmm, and complimentary drinks in the fridge for us. We had had brought some duty free spirits there too.

We each have our own rooms, with huge big king-size beds, so that if we happen to want some privacy we have all we want. We have an agreement, that if the 'Please Don't Disturb' card is on the door, then you know we are asleep? hahaha.

As it's hot in Bali, we showered, then agreed to meet by the pool. They give you a complimentary drink, like all hotels do, but they let us have a cocktail, for being 'special' guests.

I showered, put on a bikini, with a sarong around my waist, and just my bikini top, not my thong ones, for I was waiting to see who was around the bar. I don't like wearing them too brief if there are lots of children around. But with this hotel, it can be expensive with children, so it's mainly adults, which we prefer. I headed to the pool. Seeing two of the other girls there before me, sitting at the bar, I went over and sat down with them.

We sat there for a while, organising what we planned to do, change money, buy bottled water, for the Bali water is not good to drink, soft drinks to mix with our duty free, and nibbles, for when we get back to the hotel at night.

As it was only midday, everyone would be out on tours, or shopping, so we decided to go, and get what we wanted now. Have some lunch, put in our orders for the pirate DVD's, a bit of shopping, then back to the hotel for a swim, and 'happy hour' which was from 6pm till 7.30pm.

Bali is very humid and hot, being a tropical place, which I happen to love. When I am back home in OZ, and on the beach, I love to lay in the sun all day, nude, or wearing just a thong.

When we got back, we all had another shower. We were very sweaty from walking around, drinking lots of water, which you need to do. You have to keep your fluids up.

We headed down to the Sports Club, as the bar is called. They have pool tables, darts, games, and a small group playing music. You can request songs if they know them.

There were quite a few people there, but still plenty of empty tables. We grabbed a table, sitting just outside, looking out to the beach and the sea, getting a nice cooling breeze on us.

I had on just a pair of shorts -- oh, with a thong underneath - a small brief top that just covered my breasts, leaving my stomach bare. The other girls had more or less the same, for we did not want to get all dressed up, Bali is a tee-shirt type of island, very casual.

The girl in the club brought our drinks over to us, welcoming us back once again. They never forget you, she said they were with the compliments of the manager, Wayan, who we knew very well. He likes to have his photo taken with us, he likes to put his hands around us, giving us a free dinner voucher, and invites us to his 'Manager's Cocktail Parties.' Again, there are free drinks, and food every time we go there. The girls wonder why ... if only they knew.

Once when I was by the pool by myself, he asked if he could take some private pics of me, which I did not mind, for he looks after us very well. Just as well I had a thong on under my bikini. We went to a secluded part of the pool, then I took off my bikini bottoms, which left me in just a thong bottom, then I posed for him. I lay on a sun bed, so he could take some, and did some poses for him. I had done some amateur modelling when I was younger.

I noticed a slight swelling in his pants after a while. I just smiled, he was at the bottom of the sun bed, taking some pics up along my legs, towards my thong, crouching down. I knew what he wanted for his pics, so I opened my legs just a bit, so he could nearly see my sex, barely covered by my thong, which was very small. As I went to roll over, so that he could take some of my bum, I let my legs open wide, bending them at the knees, so he could see in between my legs. Just as well I shave there. I rolled over onto my back, sitting up. I slipped off my bikini top, leaving my breasts all bare. I heard him gasp, then I sat with my back on the raised section, with my knees up, then opening them, so that he could take some pics of my barely covered sex. I wondered if he could see the moisture seeping into my sex.

I could see by then that he was very aroused, so I thought I would tease him some more. "Hey Wayan, set your camera on auto pic taker, then come and sit by me."

He could not do it quick enough, so he sat by me, "Hey, not like that, put your arms around me, it's ok," I said.

He put his camera on auto, then came and sat with his arm around my shoulder. For the next one, I got him to put his hand on my thigh. I could feel him shaking as I did that. 'Oh, what a tease I am.' The next one was much the same, but this time I slid my leg up, making his hand slide down towards my sex. He was shaking so much, but I loved it. I could even start to feel my sex getting those tingles we girls tend to get.

Let me tell you, lots of girls who model, can get moist down there, if the shoot is going ok, and you have connected with the photographer, and are so relaxed. When I used to do some shoots, when I was younger, around 17 to 19, it happened to me some times. But that's another story.

For the next one, I asked him to stand up. As I was sitting down, I got him to stand facing me, then I put my hands on his belt, as if I was undoing it. After it clicked, he pulled away, laughing at me.

Then for another one I really liked, we both stood, and I put my arms around his neck, placing his hands on my bum, with my bare breasts on his chest. I could feel his cock so hard on me, he was a bit smaller than me. I could see he was blushing.   

The one I liked best, was when he sat with his hand on my thigh, then I put my hand on his thigh, but quite high up by his hard cock, which I knew was straining to be released from his pants. I was very tempted to take it out and hold it, so that he could take some like that, maybe even put it in my mouth, for I was starting to turn myself on.

When that was taken, he jumped up saying, "Sorry, I have to go."

"Hey it's ok, don't worry, don't be embarrassed," I said, "that is normal, ok," as I pointed to his slacks, "I will not tell anyone."

He looked at me smiling, "Luci, you are a big tease, look."

I started to laugh, "Hey I am glad you are like that, so please don't worry, yes I love to tease."

I took hold of his hand, pulling him to me, giving him a little peck on his cheek. "Now, go and look at those pics, this is our secret, ok. Don't tell anyone, not even my friends." I knew he would be very happy with me saying that, "if you want more Wayan, just ask, ok."

He bowed which is the custom, thanking me, saying dinner any night, is free, for the other girls, and me.

I bowed, thanking him, then just to tease him more, I took his hand, placing it on my bum, letting him feel it. He pulled away after holding it, saying, "Please, no more," then adding "thank you" once again. He turned and started to walk away, I stood there waiting for him to turn, which he did, blowing him a big kiss. I went back to the pool, even now no one knows what we did, every time we go there he still thanks me. I have asked him if he wants more pics, he just smiles, and says, "Not yet," and rolls his eyes.

I have done that for a few 'older' guys, let them take pics, but only if I like them. I hate these guys who sneak around taking them. If they ask, who knows, girls might say ok, what girl does not like getting their pics taken.

I remember one of my fave uncles, who used to touch my bum, patting it, saying with a smile "Luci, when you get older, you are going to be a very beautiful girl. Look after your body, don't be shy to show it, more so to older guys, for no matter how old we guys get, we still love looking at beautiful girls."

Sorry about that, but I just thought you would like to know why we are so well looked after at the hotel, but don't tell the other girls, 'please'.

We sat there talking about what to do that night, perhaps have an early night, for we had been at the airport at 5am, for the 7.15am flight. Or we could go out for dinner, then see what happens.

"Hey, excuse me," we heard this guy say, "would you like to have a game of pool, a little competition?"

We looked at each other, shaking our heads, "Sorry, we can't play pool."

"Its ok, what if one of you girls plays with one of us guys, just for a laugh, loser buys the drinks, ok."

"Ok, why not," we agreed not wanting to be unfriendly.

So we went over to them by the pool table, "So, how do we pick partners?" I asked. They were 4 tall guys, around their early 30's. We girls were all under 24. They looked ok, and each had a slight accent, which we were to find out later was Dutch. They were from Holland, but worked at the Dutch embassy, in Jakarta.

"Easy," one of them said, picking up a pack of cards, "four highest guys, then you pick 4 highest girls, partner the guy, ok."

"Sounds like you have done this before," one of my friends, Sandra said, with a grin on her face, "this could be interesting."

I seemed lucky, being paired up with the taller of them, for I am 5-9, and my friends are all around 5-4.

He was 6-2, so if one of my friends had matched with him, they would have seemed so small alongside him.

His name was Michael, or Mike, which was better, we sat there talking, having a drink, he told me they were leaving at 5pm tomorrow, so this would be their last night there. They had been there for 7 days now.

"I wish we had met you before," he said, "you come, and we are going."

"Never mind, you might get lucky next time you come here," I replied, "we come here every year, so you never know."

We were waiting for our turn when I noticed Sandra, leaning over the table to take her shot, with her skirt being pulled tight over her bum. Everyone could see the outline of her very brief panties, which she must have known, as she kept bent over a bit long, wriggling her bum, shifting from leg to the other, teasing the guys watching her, sliding the cue stick with her hands. 'The bloody tease,' I thought, laughing.

'Oh God,' I thought, 'wait till I bend over.' All I had on was a very small thong, which barely covered my sex, with just a string between my bum cheeks, and with wearing white shorts, they would even know what colour it was.

Just as it was Mike's, and my turn, the bell went for last orders. Mike asked me what I wanted to drink. I had already had 3 Bacardi's and Coke, but knowing hotels, I wondered how much they water it down, so I asked for another one, then went over to the rest of the group to sit down.

The guys asked us what do we do when we go out in Bali, what do we do during the day. We told them swimming, at a place called Amad. It's a small fishing village, with a nice little restaurant there, quad bike riding, scuba diving, shopping, a big safari park, mountain bike riding. "The days flash by," we told them.

"What do you do at night, where do you go for night life, dancing, night clubs?" one of the guys asked.

"Now that would be telling," Sandra replied, smiling. "Well, we go to one where the security guys know us, they look after us, and some are the scuba divers, who do security work there at night, so we are ok."

"Will you be going there tonight?" they asked.

We looked at each other, then at the guys, "Hey, give us a minute to decide, ok?" We went just outside, "Ok girls, what do you want to do, they are leaving tomorrow night, that is what we like."

Let me explain, if we meet guys, and we all want to have a bit of fun, we like there to be four guys, who will only be there for a small stopover, say 2 nights. Because some guys can get possessive if they are there for more nights, they seem to think we want to do what they want to do. We like to do our own thing ... oh and sorry guys, no guys from OZ, for you might just bump into them again when we get home.

We all agreed ok, for we had all been getting on well with them. They seemed well mannered, clean, nice and fit. When I told the girls that Mike worked at the Dutch Embassy, one of the other girls said they said they were in the Dutch army. There, so that clinched it, we all agreed.

We went back in, and asked they if they wanted to join us for dinner that night. It was getting on for 8pm, but everything really opens at night, so going for dinner at around 9pm is ok.

So we told them what restaurant to meet us at, for 9pm, which would give us time to shower again, and then get ready, grab a taxi. It's not all that far, but taxis have air con, and we did not want to start sweating again.

What a rush it was, getting ready to go out. I could feel a bit of excitement in my body, wondering if I will let Mike have me tonight, or will it turn out a fizzer?

Somehow I did not think so, for there was something about Mike. He was so nice to talk to ... clean, confident, and fit, I was sure of that, you could see it in the muscle tone in his arms.

I quickly showered again, thinking about what to put on. I chose a nice yellow dress, not too tight, coming to about 3 inches above my knees. String shoulder straps, a yellow string thong, which as all of them do, barely covered my sex, no bra, and dark heels to go with it.

Quickly putting my make up on, there was a knock on my door. Putting a big bath towel around me, I opened it. It was one of my friends, she came in and sat down. As I got ready, she watched me put perfume on the top of my sex mound, in my cleavage, body spray under my arms. Then as I got dressed, she said "Wow, pity we did not have more time, we could have had some fun together." She and I have slept together a few times.

I just smiled at her, "Hey if things do not work out ok tonight, you never know. Let's just see what happens."

We had once enjoyed each other, it was her first time with another woman. She was surprised how much she really enjoyed it. I had been with other girls before, mainly at Uni, which I had enjoyed.

"Ok, let's go get them," and with that there was another knock on the door, it was the other girls.

"Hey lets have a quick drink before we go," one of the girls said.

We looked at each other, "Yeah, why not," we all said together, laughing.

We had our drinks in my room from the duty free we had bought, then we walked outside to catch a taxi. There are hundreds, you have no trouble getting one, we all got inside, happy and laughing. "Wow, you girls have big time tonight, maybe jig a jig," the driver said, laughing with us.

'Jig a jig' means plainly 'fucking', that is how you say it in Bali.

We told the driver where to go, he said, "You have been to Bali lots of times, yes?"

"Yes," we all said.

He asked, "If you want taxi again, ring me," and he gave us his card, which they all do.

We got to the restaurant that is right on the beachfront, it's called the Zanzibar Restaurant. It's at the top of Legian.

We trooped in, one of the girls who was the manager, recognised us, grabbing me, "Hey Luci, you back again, I have table for you all." She kept her arm around my waist, leading us to a table for 4.

"Shari, we need table for 8," I said.

She laughed, "Hey Luci, for you no problem. You meet boys," she said laughing, "you do plenty jig a jig tonight. Not good, might make baby, you very naughty girls."

She walked away laughing, telling some of the other girls to look after us. "You number one friends to Shari?" they all asked us.

"Yes," we replied, "we have been here lots of times, we bring all our friends here."

We had the drinks, which Shari said was on the house, looking around for the guys. They were not there, we were wondering if the guys had got cold feet, it was 9.20pm.

Just then as we were going to order our dinner, the guys appeared, "Sorry, the taxi driver took us to the wrong Zanzibar. We forgot to tell him it was the one in Legian." We looked at each other, and started laughing, then the guys started to laugh with us, realising what they might have missed, if they had not managed to get to the right place.

We all ordered dinner, and some more drinks. I happened to be seated next to Mike. As I looked around, I noticed that we all seemed to be seated next to the guy we had played pool with. That suited me very much, for there was something about Mike, which I had liked. Also, we had got on so well playing pool.

It was a great relaxing night, we all got on well with the guys, joking and laughing with each other, telling jokes, which got a bit rude sometimes. Sandra can tell jokes with the best of them, even the guys did not know how to take them.

I noticed Mike did not seem to be drinking too much, he kept telling everyone it was Bacardi and coke, but it was more like coke. But that was up to him, what he wanted. He was still having a laugh with us, I did not mind, for there is one thing I dislike, that is a drunken guy trying to make love to me. I knew already that we would end up together that night.

We had our dinner, just sitting around the table having a few drinks, feeling the balmy sea breeze cooling us, with the nice coloured lights gently swinging overhead. It felt so nice, especially with Mike next to me, talking to me, telling me what he has done, what he hopes to do in the future. We got on very well.

I said "Hey, I am just going to the shop, for some suntan oil and cream," which I had forgotten to get earlier, when we went out for the bottled water.

"Do you mind if I come with you, Luci?" Mike asked.

"No that's ok, let's go, we will not be long, guys."

One of the girls laughed, "Hey, if I know you, you will be there all night."

I just stuck my tongue out at her, as I left to walk down to the few shops that are there. Mike was beside me, coming into the small shop. I quickly bought my cream, and oil, then as we came out, I turned to him, "Let's go down to the water." The sea was just across a small road.

We took hold of each other's hands. There are no cars allowed on this small road, just those that deliver to the restaurants during the day.

I kicked off my shoes, picking them up, and then slowly walked down to the water.

It was a beautiful warm balmy night, all the stars were out. Looking back to where the restaurants are, you could see all the people, the brightly coloured lights, the music, and lovers sitting on the dark beach, holding each other kissing. Maybe some were even making love, for it was so romantic, but that's the type of place Bali is.
