 The looming, iron bound, oaken, double doors flew open as if struck by an unseen force as the lithe man in his flowing, black cloak stepped through. His hard boot heels click on the on the marble stones of the floor as he strode across the threshold.

Dark, piercing eyes scan the immaculately maintained wood and stone of the foyer, the hood of the cloak turning slightly with the man's movements. A glint of white, flashes from the inky shadows of the hood as the man smiles a small, tight smile at the condition of his new home.

Even as he takes it in, a soft shuffling can be heard from one of the other halls before a slipper-clad servant comes around the corner. He automatically looks down as he crosses the floor to kneel before the new arrival. In his hand he offers a silver goblet, the spicy aroma of mulled whine wafts from the burgundy liquid that is held within it.

Pausing a moment to tug the leather gloves from his hands, revealing strong but delicately tapered fingers, and tucking them behind his belt, the man that had just entered reached out for the goblet. As he took it the servant stood swiftly and took the cloak from his master's shoulders. The clothing underneath was finely cut, and of the finest material.

The boots were a finely tooled soft leather, with hard soles, that folded over at their tops. Tucked into these were a pair of tight black leather pants, they did nothing to hide the obviously well muscled thighs of their owner. Topping the outfit was a charcoal gray, flowing shirt made of shimmering silk.

As the bald servant backed away the man raised the glass to his lips and took a slow drink of the wine. With a self-satisfied sigh he moved to the large silver mirror on one wall. An arrogant smirk crossed his lips, dyed red from the rich drink he had imbibed, as he took himself in. With his free hand he smoothed back his unruly, long, thick, hair, it was so black that it seemed to have midnight blue highlights in the right light. Below his hairline two dark and brooding eyes peered from their slightly slanted sockets. So dark that they appeared black as well, holes into an abyss that was as black as midnight on the new moon. No emotion touched them and yet there was something in this ebony orbs that was captivating almost hypnotic. A thin, but perfectly proportioned nose, sat above his full lips. Under his hair, could be vaguely seen of the delicate point that his elven ears came to.

After taking himself in for a moment the man turned smoothly and strode from the entrance hall. Moving with a flowing glide through the halls he makes his way towards his quarters. The soft clack of his boots on the marble steps the only sound as he goes upstairs to where the master bedroom awaits. As he travels he thinks of his plans for the next day, a night of rest would be welcome with all that needed to be done. None of it would he trust to those beneath him, it was too important.

As he neared his quarters he spied two of his serving women. One was Lynette, one of the servants he had brought with him to this land. She was a petite brunette with long hair pulled back into a loose pony tail, that hung down to the top of her shapely ass. His lips curled into a smirk as he remembered dalliances with her in the past. The other he did not know, she was a tall, thin blond with strikingly blue eyes. Perhaps entertainment was needed more than rest, but which one was the question.

“Lynette, you will be joining me this evening,” he said in his low, raspy whisper of a voice.

The blond looked as if she would step up and try to stop what she saw as a wrong, but when the man looked at her, catching her eyes with his she merely stood silent. Slowly she closed her mouth without uttering a sound, Lynette only nodded at first and placed her polishing rag onto the silver tray between the two women. She could not help but flush at the thought, and her heart be faster.

“As you command, my Lord Luskan,” she murmured in a tiny, submissive voice.

After they stepped into his room, the large oaken door closed with a resounding thump and a sharp metallic click as the lock was engaged.

**

After locking the door Luskan strode into the middle of the room and onto a thick rug that covered most of the floor except for a border of marble. Beyond him a large four poster bed sat with its satin sheets covered by a crimson blanket. Past that he could see the large windows which would face the dawn, now they stood dark except the sparkling of the stars in the heavens.

After he caught Lynette's eyes with his own he said nothing and only spread his arms slightly as he stood there. Obediently she came to him, a small shiver passed through her slight body as she got close. The mixture of anticipation tinged with fear at displeasing her demanding lord heightening all of her senses to the point that the slightest breeze felt like a caress against her skin, and she swore she could hear the beating of his heart from this distance even.

With trembling fingers she began to undo the buttons of his silk shirt, slowly, one at a time they opened exposing a smooth and muscular chest. As the shirt parted she leaned forward and lightly placed her lips against his chest, kissing her way down slowly as she bared his skin. She tugged on the silk to pull it from his pants and finished opening it as her lips drug slowly down the defined abdominals as she sank to her knees on the plush flooring.

Luskan raised one foot, standing perfectly poised and balanced on the other as Lynette pulled his boot from his foot. Lowering his bare foot to the rug he lifted the other for her to remove that boot. Lynette then raised herself up on her knees and reached for his pants, she struggled a moment with the buttons there, before she took a deep breath to steady herself and unbutton them. She steeled herself and grasping them at the waist she pulled his pants down smoothly before he kicked them aside with an agile motion.

As she looked up and saw his semi-erect cock at the level of her vision a barely audible moan came unbidden from her throat as memories flooded her body. She slid her hands up the smooth but hard thighs of her master, before they slipped around him to grip his firm ass. At the same time, she leaned forward and took him into her mouth and lightly caressed him with the softest touch of her tongue.

Her fingers kneaded his ass as she began to suck on his cock, teasing with her tongue as she did so. As he began to stiffen and expand she pulled her mouth back, until he was hard and her lips were sealed around only his engorged cockhead. The barest of sighs the only sound from Luskan as she twirled her tongue around him.

After a few moments of that she began to slide her lips back down the length of his shaft, her cheeks hollowing as she sucked hard upon him. She pressed the flat of her tongue against the underside of his cock as she took as deeply into her mouth as she could. When her nose was buried in the patch of dark hair around the base of his cock she swallowed, causing her throat to constrict around the head of his cock.

Luskan looked down his body at the lovely brunette, on her knees, as his cock slid into her warm, willing mouth. She looked up at him, their eyes locked as she pulled back, her tongue rotating around him slowly as she made her way back to the tip. She paused a moment again before taking him all the way back into her mouth.

After she had returned to the head yet again she gripped his ass tighter and began to bob her head back and forth on his cock quickly, taking him only partially into her mouth. Her lips gripped his shaft as she worked her mouth on his hard cock. Her eyes closed as she gave herself to the moment, and still he watches as her red lips moved over him, a shudder running through his body the only outward sign of what she was doing to him.

He lowered his hands and lightly stroked her hair before taking her head between his hands. She stopped her movements as she felt him hold her, her eyes opened and she looked up at him submissively willingly letting him do whatever he wished.

He held Lynette's head still as he began to move his hips, working his cock in and out of her velvety mouth. She gripped his ass in time with the thrusting of his hips, as he drove his hard shaft in and out of her. She would suck hard on him as he entered her, then as he was slipping back between her lips her tongue flickered against his retreating shaft. 

Lynette groaned as Luskan pulled his cock from between her lips, her tongue followed it, lapping at the head as long as she could reach it. He reached down lower, under her arms, and pulled her up until she stood before him.

With one hand he grabbed the neckline of her dress and with one deft and powerful pull ripped the material. She was surprised to hear a moan emit from her at this show of strength as the remnants of her simple servant's dress slipped down her silken skin to pool at her feet. Luskan took one step back and a warning motion of his hand forbade her to move as he gazed at her.

Luskan took her in, starting at the floor and working his way up he spent his time admiring every portion of her supple, young body. Her legs were tanned and athletic, shaped to draw his eyes upward. Between her firm thighs, nestled there in its patch of dark brown hair he could clearly see the swollen lips of her pussy. Her arousal had already caused her juices to dampen the surrounding hair. 

Still upward his eyes wandered, over her flat stomach to her small, but shapely, slightly upturned breasts. Her nipples stood erect, and by the shiver that ran through her body he guessed they ached for attention. 

His inspection of Lynette ended with her face, it was a lovely face. Large, doe-like, brown eyes looked out at him, slightly glazed with lust and desire. Her small nose was pert and lent an innocent quality to her face. Her lips, though, were full and soft. As she stood there with them slightly parted for her quickened breath, the overall effect was to make her look wanton, but no less desirable for that.

She shivered as she imagined she could feel his eyes on her like hands. As he gazed at her, starting at her delicate ankles, and working his way up her trim body, she could feel heat rising through her. Her pussy twinged as his eyes slid past it and she swore she could feel her nipples strain even harder under his callous gaze. She nearly gasped aloud as he stepped back up to her.

He seized her roughly behind her neck and pulled her to him, she did gasp then just before his lips covered her own. As their lips danced together his tongue worked its way into her mouth, shamelessly he probed her mouth and her tongue leaped to meet his. Where his was bold and arrogant hers was hesitant and shy, fluttering against his like a frightened animal.

As the kiss grew on, and became more passionate still his hand moved up her side. He felt her ribs through the taught skin before he covered her breast and gave it a gentle squeeze. Her body stiffened at his touch and her hands moved to his shoulders to help her to balance herself. Her knees weakened as his thumb played over her stiff nipple and her moan was loud even muffled by his mouth as it was. When he took it between his thumb and forefinger and pulled on it, she had to hold on to him just to stay upright. 

Her eyes rolled back as electricity seemed to shoot from her nipple straight to her pussy. She gripped his shoulders tightly and pressed her chest harder into his hand as she felt her things become slick with the fluids flowing from her.

She groaned in frustration as his hand slipped from her breast and she pulled her lips from his intending to beg him not to stop. Once his lips were free of hers though he lowered them to her neck and placing them there he sucked on her flushed skin. Instead of words only an inarticulate sigh came out.

All thought of complaint vanished from her as she felt his hand make slow progress down her body. She tingled all over in anticipation of what he would do and she pulled herself to the tips of her toes to shorten the wait. 

Meanwhile he moved his lips up and down the length of her throat, her head was thrown back and to the side to give him easier access to her. He would stop and suck on her, occasionally biting at her, leaving a multitude of tiny bruises all over her tawny skin.

She held her breath as she felt his fingers moving through her pubic hair. Her legs parted as if on their own and her body arched. Her fingers dug harder into the muscled strength of his shoulders as she waited. Time seemed to stretch and then all at once came rushing back upon her at the first touch of his fingers on her slippery pussy lips.

She cried out wordlessly and tried to push herself against harder against his hand. He smiled to himself against her neck reveling in the power he held over her as he slipped his hand between her legs and cupped her dripping pussy. Slowly he stroked her swollen lips, spreading the slick liquid around and coating his fingers in it.

She whimpered and clung to him, her will gone at his touch. All she wanted was for him to never stop, she did not care about anything else and could not remember caring about anything other than his touch.

With the ease of one accustomed to her body he deftly slipped his index finger inside her. Her body tightened around it, trying to pull it deeper as she cried out again. She threw her arms around his neck, holding on to him with all her strength as his probing finger began to pump in and out of her. Her toes barely touched the floor as she hung from him, her body arching and pushing her breasts into his chest, her hard nipples burning points against his skin.

In and out of her his finger slipped, sliding easily with each thrust. Her body began to tremble before he added his middle finger, feeling her pussy stretch to accommodate both digits. Her whimpers became louder and her breathing was in ragged gasps as he pumped them into her at an ever increasing pace. Her eyes rolled back into her head as waves of pleasure began to flow within her like waves, all centered on his probing fingers.

Blindly her lips sought his and this time her tongue was the invader, desperately she kissed him. Her tongue a fiery dart that worked itself in and out from between his lips as if she were trying to mimic his fingers. Her entire body stiffened and she held on to him as if her life depended upon it.

As the moment he had worked her towards came closer her lowered his thumb to her clit. It stood out prominently as if begging for his touch. As he covered it the motion of his hand thrusting his fingers into her grasping pussy caused his thumb to slide back and forth over it. 

She stopped moving completely, her tongue halfway into his mouth, at his touch there. As he rubbed her clit, her body jerked as waves of electric energy cascaded through her. His free hand went around her shoulders, holding her up as her arms tightened further around his neck. Her body began to shake and twitch as her orgasm swept over her, it rolled over her in waves, taking her up before letting her down just a little, then back into the peaks of ecstasy it pulled her.

His fingers continued to work within her pussy as it convulsed and grasped at them. As her body begin to still his, movements became slower and more gentle until at last he let his fingers slip from her spent body. He held her up and she tried to hold on to him as her knees wanted to buckle. She could not help it, the intensity of it all made her giggle, and she was helpless to stop that as she had been to hold back under Luskan's skilled ministrations.

Still holding her up, Luskan moved towards the bed, and her legs backpedaled to keep from falling backwards. When the back of her knees hit the edge of the bed he let her go and she tumbled onto it.

She laid there a moment staring up at him then pushed herself back on to the bed and twisted so her body ran the length of it. She knew what he planned and already could feel her pulse start to quicken again. Her legs spread slightly letting the cool evening air caress her pussy and her hands idly ran up and down her flat belly.

Luskan watched her with an arrogant half-smile on his lips. He knew that she would do anything for him and that power never failed to excite him. The mere thought of it made his cock twitch.

Without a word he covered her body with his own, and her legs spread wider to accommodate him there. Her feet flat on the mattress she opened her thighs to him in silent invitation. He raised himself on one elbow and reached between their bodies to take his cock by the base and rubbed the swollen head between her still slick lips.

She sighed softly and wriggled beneath him trying to let him inside her. He was not ready for that though and continued to tease her by stroking her with his cock. She gasped as her ran the tip around her clit and her juices began to flow freely again. She wanted him and she knew that he knew it, more she was aware that she could do nothing to change the situation. A shiver of raw lust ran through her as she gave herself to him yet again.

Without warning he moved his cock into position to penetrate her and removing his hand he entered her in one smooth and powerful thrust. He buried his cock into her hot pussy with a quiet grunt, the only sound he made as his hips met hers.

The sudden invasion of Luskan's thick cock caused Lynette to cry out softly and her legs wrapped around his waist. She locked her ankles behind him and gripped his back, pulling him against her. Her head came off the pillow to meet his, her lips crushing against his in a hungry kiss.

Luskan stared into her eyes, drinking in the passion there as he began to move within her. Pulling back until just the head of his cock was inside her, he paused and then slid back deep within. Again and again he did this, long strokes of his cock, taking her fully with each one.

Lynette squirmed beneath her lord and her thighs tightened as she tried to pull herself to meet his thrusts. With every stroke of his hardness she would moan softly, but she wanted more, she needed more. She wanted to beg him to fuck her hard, to make her scream, but as always she did not know what to say, what to call him. Did she call him lord, or master, or did she dare to use his name? Instead, she did not speak, her moans urgent and she dug her fingers into his back in silent pleas.

He would tease them both by increasing his pace from time to time, sliding within her liquid heat faster for a few strokes before slowing down. This always elicited a groan from her and she tried harder to meet his strokes harder. Her eyes pleaded with him in their intense stare and he leaned down, his lips next to her ear.

Gently he bit her earlobe then whispered into her ear, his voice soft, barely audible over her moans, his breath a caress against her skin, “What is it, dear Lynette, what is it you want?”

She could not speak at first, only a strangled moan would come to her. His voice was an aphrodisiac to her, and though is tone was teasing and almost mocking she knew he was truly her master at this moment. “Fuck me, please fuck me,” she hissed, her voice barely human in its passion.

Luskan chuckled a soft, sardonic laugh and propped himself above her on his elbows. Staring even more intently he drove his cock into her forcefully. She screamed, a mix of pain and pleasure to strong to be ignored. Her legs tightened and she met him the next time he rammed his thick shaft into her aching pussy.

Her fingernails dug into his back as she fucked back up against him, slamming her body into his. She leaned up and bit his shoulder, momentarily stifling her loud moans. Still he drove his cock in and out of her with abandon, pushing them both towards the brink.
