 I had been dating my girlfriend for about three months, when we went to dinner at a restaurant near my home. We both knew she was going to spend the night, so it was no secret when she put a little overnight bag in the car. Her housemate would take care of her daughter overnight. Eve would certainly return the favor soon enough. Finding these little restaurants -- dives on the outside but really nice inside with excellent food -- was her specialty. The smells of the Italian food filled the place as we entered, her in a dress, and me in a jacket and open shirt. 

We were seated in a corner booth, and given menus. Since we were both likely to get something with garlic, I didn’t worry about my breath, and certainly didn’t think it would be a problem regardless. The many times we had found ourselves in bed had been so wild and hot, that I didn’t think a little thing like garlic breath would make much of a difference. When the waiter returned, we ordered drinks and appetizers, and asked him to return in a few minutes for a formal entrée order. While I sat with her, I noticed she kept feeling lightly around her neck and throat, only highlighting the little bit of cleavage I could see. She had the biggest juiciest tits I had ever sucked, and she could never really hide their size, no matter what she wore. I liked that.

We finally gave our order, and shortly afterwards had my soup and her salad delivered. As we started, she said.

“I have a question -- I want to see how smart you are.” She gave me a naughty wink.

I looked up briefly and smiled. Slowly, I said “Shoot.”

She spread a little of her dressing on her salad. 

“Well, other than my shoes, I wonder if you know what four articles of clothing I have on.” I was game, so I said. “Let me guess.” I reached over and stroked the back of her hand.

“I suppose the obvious, is, bra, panties, panty hose and your dress.” She smiled. Before she could say anything else, I asked

“Do I get anything if I guessed right” She smiled again.

“You got it wrong.” I feigned being hurt and lowered my eyes. 

“I guess that means you’re going to get something rather than me, doesn’t it?”

She lowered her eyes to look at mine, and stared right through me.

“Babe, you’ve not going to mind either way.” By this time, I was hard as a rock, something she can always do even without trying. I continued.

“Well,” I said, “If I got it wrong, then tell me the answer,” adding “I can take it.”

She sat up again, slightly thrusting out her chest. “I’m wearing a bustier, garter belt, stockings and dress.” I would have said that each stocking counted as a single article of clothing, but no matter. “Which means….” she added. “I’m not wearing any panties -- I hope that’s alright.”

I gave her an appraising look. “I imagine that would be okay.” “That means, of course, that if I were to place my hands under your dress and feel up your thighs….”

“You’d really be feeling me up,” she laughed.

“Cool.” I picked up my drink. “So, you like the idea of having your hot pussy right there for me to stroke right in here?” Her smile grew even wider.

“What do you think? she said

I leaned forward and said, “I think you’re going to like it even more.” At that moment, our waiter returned to ask how our meals were going. Since we had eaten little, we said that we were still working on them, but both the soup and salad were good. When he left, I returned to look at Eve.

“So, how would you feel if I…” I placed my hand on her thigh. “If I just managed to get you all hot and bothered here?

“I’m already hot and bothered, babe,” She said. “Right now I need a little relief….”

I sat back slightly. “Pull up your dress as much as you can,” I said quietly. As she hiked it up, I could see the tops of her stockings and her thighs. Since I was sitting next to her and no table was to my right, I didn’t need to do too much to keep her hot thighs our little secret. I took my left hand and placed it on her thigh again, then looked into her eyes as I raised my hand higher and higher toward her pussy. Even before I got there, I could feel the heat she was giving off. She was hot and bothered alright. I could see the heat on her neck as I placed my fingers on her wet lips. She let out a long breath as she could begin to feel me flick my fingers up and down. When I finally touched her button, she moaned slightly, then started biting her lip to keep herself quiet. I took my hand away and told her “Now, we can’t make too much noise, can we?” She just looked at me and nodded her head. Damn she was hot!

I lifted my fingers to my mouth, taking them in and tasting her juices. “Mmmm,” I said, then noticed a lady at another table smile. I’m sure she thought I was just tasting the soup. Eve loved how much I enjoyed the taste of her juices, and it got her even hotter. I moved closer to her and whispered in her ear.

“Do you think you could come for me, right here and have it be just for me?” She looked at me, trying to control herself. “Uh- huh. Please baby,” she whispered. I kissed her cheek lightly, then moved my hand onto her pussy again. She always moves her hips so much when I play with her like this, it was amazing she wasn’t moving any more than she was. The more I focused on her swollen clit, the more I could see her breathing become ragged and she was fighting to keep her eyes open. Finally, I wanted to get her off so much, I checked quickly around, dropped a sugar packet on the floor, then went under the table cloth. All I wanted was to place her hot clit in my mouth and suck on it. Immediately, she went over the edge, squeezing my head tightly between her thighs. I could feel her thighs pulse slightly as the wave passed her, when perhaps half a minute later, she finally released me and I returned to the table. 

I had expected her to kiss me or say a sweet nothing, but she just sat there, with her head on the back of the booth, smiling and getting her breathing under control. After a few minutes, the waiter returned to our table.

“I hope everything was to your satisfaction? Eve just nodded her head, pulling herself together. 

“Very delicious,” I said, raising my glass. “I’m looking forward to the main course.” Our meal continued normally, with the usual sexual banter and play we always engaged in. I knew I was going to get off big time when we got to my house.

Once the check arrived, Eve went to the ladies room. As I was taking out my credit card, the lady from the other table appeared at my side, handing me a business card. 

“Call me when it’s my turn,” she said. She smiled briefly, then returned to her table. I paid the bill, and joined Eve at the door before heading to my car, marveling how a little thing like licking a lady’s pussy under a restaurant table can pay such big dividends.