 I look over at you sleeping on the bed naked after another one of our torrid lovemaking sessions. I gently tie your hands to the bedpost with some soft silk scarves.

I move down between your legs and tease your hard cock with my tongue. I can taste the remaining bits of our combined cum on you which makes me even more excited. I take just the head of your cock into my mouth and suck on it gently while my tongue swirls around the tip. I move slowly down on your cock taking it into my mouth inch by inch. 

I hear you moan as you begin to awaken. You automatically reach to run your fingers through my hair when you realize that I have you restrained. You pull at the ties hoping to break lose of them and take me. The slowness that I'm taking you into my mouth and teasing you with my tongue has you crazy with lust. Your hips arch up to try to meet my mouth but I pull back away from you just enough to keep your cock from pushing deep into my mouth.

You feel my hands cradle your balls as I pull my mouth off your hard cock. I see some pre-cum oozing from the tip and bend over once again to lick the yummy drop off of you looking into your eyes as I taste you. You once again try to push your cock up into my mouth. I look into your eyes shaking my head to tell you "no." The shaking of my head brings my tongue slowly back and forth across the head of your cock. 

"Please baby, please," you beg me. "Please take my whole cock in your sweet hot mouth. I need to cum, baby."

I ignore your pleas and move my mouth from your cock. I can hear your groan of frustration. I push my head down between your legs and start licking your balls. Your groans turn into moans as I begin to lick your balls. I gently take them into my mouth and suck on them. My hands find your cock and slowly stroke it while I'm sucking your balls. I can feel your body shiver from excitement and anticipation. I move away from your balls and begin licking from your sack to your ass. I feel you shiver as I rim your ass with my tongue lightly.

I pull away from you and straddle your legs. You watch as my fingers roam down and begin to finger my own pussy. I pull my fingers away from my pussy to show you the wetness covering them. My hot, naked, shaven cunt begins to grind against your cock. I offer my fingers to you to clean. You eagerly suck on them while you feel the juice from my pussy dripping all over your cock. Your cock feels so good rubbing against the outside of my pussy. I lean over brushing your lips with my nipples.

I lean over to kiss you, nibbling on your lips and sucking your tongue into my mouth. "Beg me," I whisper to you. "Beg me." 

"Please baby, I'll do anything. Please make me cum. I need you to let me come. I need it bad." You whisper back to me. 

I reach between us and slowly guide your cock into my pussy. I sink down on it with a whimper. I bury your cock in my pussy feeling it stretch me in all directions. It feels so good inside me. I look deep into your eyes as my face shows the obvious signs of the pleasure your cock is bringing me. "Mmmmmmmmm" I moan as I ride your big hard cock. I almost wish you weren't tied so that I could feel your hands roam my ass. I begin squeezing my own nipples lost in ecstasy as I pump up and down on your cock. 

Your moans grow louder and we are both panting, gasping for air. I feel your body tense under mine. I push my pussy all the way down onto your cock and demand "cum for me now!"

"Oh my goddddd" you moan as you erupt shooting your cum deep into my pussy. The feeling of your hot cum squirting in me sets me over the edge as well. "Ohhhhh yesssssss!" I scream as I cum all over your cock. 

My knees feel weak and my whole body is trembling. I pull myself off your cock and begin to clean it tasting all your sweet cum mixed with my own. When I finish cleaning you I reach up and untie your hands. You immediately push me down under you and kiss me hard and deeply tasting us both on my lips. "You're next." You say smiling and reaching for the ties...