 It was a Friday afternoon and I have just gotten home from work. As I reach for the door, the door glides open before my hand can touch the knob. Standing just inside the door is my beautiful wife wearing some sexy black panties and one of my button up shirts, not a single button closed and open enough to see the insides of her round 36C breast. It seems her hard nipples are straining to hold the shirt from popping open. 

Sarah pulls me through the door and quickly pins me against the wall as she kicks the door close. She pulls me in for a hot passionate kiss and pulls my ear down to her lips.

"There's a beer waiting for you in the bathroom, get clean and go lay in bed, baby." Sarah whispers and bites my earlobe.

At that moment it becomes a race. I dash down to the bathroom and strip down. I start the shower and take a big drink of my beer as I wait for the water to warm. I climb in the shower and begin to wash myself. After a good scrub in all the especially important areas, I climb out of the shower and finish my beer off before drying off. Between the beer and thoughts of my wife, my cock is hard as a rock and tingling with anticipation.

I walk to the bed and lay down in the middle. Within seconds,in walks my goddess, Sarah. This time she is wearing nothing. Her blue eyes are shining, lips bright red and puffy, her breast are perky with excitement for what she knows is coming, but I am clueless to. As I move my eyes down her curves to her hips, I notice her pussy is freshly shaved and her labia is swelling through her pussy lips.

She walks over to the bed slowly and places the tip of her fingers on the inside of my calf and glides her fingers up the inside of my leg. As she reaches my mid section she glides all her finger very gently up my balls and the entire length of my erect penis which jerks and stutters from the heat of her fingers. She moves her hand up my chest and leans in for another kiss. As her lips distract me her hands grab my left hand and guide it up near the pillow. She wraps my hand in a soft cloth, gently but tight. I try to reach up and touch her smooth skin, but learn that my hand is restrained by the cloth I felt.

She looks down at me and says, "No hands for you, only I get to touch."

She starts to lean across and slowly crawl across my body. Making sure that her breasts guide across my lips, pausing for a second, to let me take latch of her nipple in my mouth and give a firm flick with my tongue. She moans and moves her other nipple to my mouth, not wanting it to get jealous. Another firm suck and flick before she pulls it away from my mouth. Her hands have now secured my right hand to the bed. They only have few inches of movement.

Sarah straddles across my chest pressing her pussy down into my chest. She moves her hands down her chest, squeezing her nipples between her fingers. They are erect and pink and beautiful. She grinds her pussy on me as she massages her breasts. The aroma of her sweet, smooth pussy has got my animal instincts going crazy, and I can't do anything. All her plan.

She licks a couple fingers and places them between her legs and my chest, caressing her swollen labia. I can feel her slide her fingers into her wet pussy. She grinds down harder and strokes her fingers in and out of her pussy faster. Her pussy is getting wetter, I can feel the wetness as her fingers are pulled out and glide against me. With a burst of speed, she fingers her pussy with fever and squeezes her breast tight. With a load moan and arch of her back, Sarah releases a waterfall of pussy juices down my chest.

She slowly slides her fingers out of her pussy and up to my lips where I gladly lick them, trying to get ever drop I can. The sweet taste just makes me harder with excitement.

She climbs off to the side and turns around with her ass facing me. She straddles across me again and as her leg is spreading to cross my body, a shiny jewel catches my eye.

I gasp, "Oh my goodness, that is the sexiest thing ever."

Sarah looks back and says, "Do you see a surprise back there."

She slowly backs up till her dripping pussy is pressed against my lips. I gladly slide my tongue from her clit to the top of her pussy and can feel her buttplug against my nose. I plunge my tongue deep into her pussy and begin to fuck her with my tongue.

Sarah grabs my cock and begins to slowly lick from the head to the bottom of my shaft. Each time she reaches the tip, she gives it a little suck with her hot lips. 

I draw my attention back to her clit and begin softly sucking on it while rolling my tongue around. She takes a gasp of pleasure and then plunges her steamy hot mouth down my cock. After a couple strides up and down she buries her face all the way down my cock. I can feel her lips pressed against my balls. The feeling of my cock down her throat drives me crazy and I begin sucking on her clit faster.

She pulls up briefly with a big gasp and grinds against my face before returning her attention to my cock. Now she begins making long strokes with her mouth up and down my shaft. I can feel her throat grip my dick as she forces her mouth down. My cock throbs with pressure and she quickly pulls her mouth away.

"You're not cumming yet, but I am" Sarah says.

She sits up and grinds on my face hard and fast as her pussy pours her juices across my lips and face.

Sarah begins to crawl down my body and slides her dripping wet pussy against my hard cock. She slides the tip to the opening of her pussy and pauses and begins to do little slides only allowing my tip to feel her warmth. Just when I thought I was going to get a feel of her pussy wrapped around me she lifts. As I was distracted with her pussy, she had retrieved a flesh colored dildo. Not large, about my size and gives it a sloppy lick and suck.

She sits up and slides the dildo into her beautiful, wet pussy. She starts pumping the dildo full length into her pussy just inches above my cock. The site of her fucking her pussy with that dildo and her buttplug shining at me is marvelous. Sarah's moans start picking up and the speed of her fucking her pussy also picks up. Seconds later, she is slamming the dildo hard and deep with her hand making a loud smacking sound as is slaps against her flesh and lips.

With a final hard thrust, her body goes into convulsions as she reaches a major climax. As her body is reacting to her orgasm, her buttplug and ass is flexing and pulsing. Another beautiful scene I'll never forget.

Sarah finally catches her breath and climbs off me and turns around.

"Now it's your turn to cum!" Sarah rejoices to me.

My cock hops and throbs with excitement. She leans down and grabs a bottle of lube and lathers my hard cock up. Knowing her pussy doesn't need any more lube, I am perplexed as she climbs on top of me. She reaches back to her ass and slowly begins pumping the buttplug slowing from her asshole. As her butt releases it she gives a moan and tosses it behind us. She raises up and slides the dildo back into her pussy until the fake flesh colored balls were pressed against her clit. She shifts back and grabs my cock with her warm lubed hand. 

She gives me a soft stroke as she points the tip of my cock at her target. Once my tip reaches her butthole, she waste no time and begins to press back until her butthole relaxes and allows my tip to enter her ass. We both gasp with the immense pleasure we both just received. She rest for about 10 seconds and begins to slowly back onto me further. With slow rocking motions she takes more and more of my cock into her ass.

Between her ass already being so tight and her pussy being stuffed with a dildo, the pressure and feelings my cock is receiving is going to make short work of her goal of me cumming.

I can feel Sarah's ass begining to slightly relax as she gets used to having my hard cock stuffed in her and a dildo in her pussy. She props one leg up to the side and begins a slow ride on my cock. As my dick slides back in her ass, she slides the dildo out. Taking turns with my dick and dildo, in one, out the other and back and forth.

Her ass is so hot and tight, I can feel the dildo slide in and out through her pussy. The grip around me, the sight in front of me and the sounds we are making are bringing me close to the end. As I start moaning louder, Sarah holds her thrust at the tip of my dick.

"Fuck me, fuck my ass and cum in me baby. Cum with me" Sarah demands.

Without hesitation I begin pumping my cock into her ass with loud smacks. Sarah returns to fucking her pussy with the dildo hard and fast. Now she is matching my thrust causing her ass to be even tighter. My moan grows to groans and then to grunts as I try to slam my cock harder and faster into her ass.

With erratic convulsions and thrust I slam my cock into her as I release my load of hot cum deep into her ass. Sarah slams her dildo one last time and grinds it against her pussy as she reaches another orgasm. Her ass grips on my cock as her pussy pussy pulses from her orgasm. Her pulse makes my cock throb and release whatever cum was left in me.

Sarah slowly removes the dildo and my cock from her body and collapses on top of me. She slowly unties my hands and I wrap them around her. 

"After we recover from this, we need a shower, together..."