 Stepping from the shower you're not surprised to see me standing there, holding the towel for you, ready to wrap you up and rub you 'til you're dry and warm, with your skin waking to a pink glow, so you stand patiently and allow me to further erase the day. Taking your hand, leaving the towel to fall behind, I lead you to the bed.Soft warm light filters through the mostly closed blinds, sunlight spilling onto the floor.

"Face down, please, it is time to give that body the attention it so richly deserves."

With a smile you climb onto the bed, settling on your belly on the crisp sheets. I shrug out of my robe as your watch through slitted eyes and wriggle to find the most relaxed position, like water seeking the lowest ground.

Placing a hand on your shoulder I straddle your hips, feeling the heat as our skin meets, my legs outside yours, your hips smooth and supple beneath me- and my hands begin long even strokes down, and up, your back.

Listening to your contented purr I spread my fingers wide to press more firmly into the muscles, slowly up the curve of the small of your back, winding my way to your shoulders and neck. Time slows with your breathing as my hands seek out tension in your temples, shifting your head now and again to massage your cheeks, lifting your torso slightly as I tug on your shoulders. mmmmmm. . . Yes. . . wonderful. . ."

Drawing your arm up onto your back I work down the biceps and triceps, stroking the forearm to descend to press my thumbs into your palm and caress and tug each finger in turn, then working back up to your shoulder before lifting the arm to rest gently beside you again, and repeating the pattern on the other side, grinning at the way your hand sneaks a wanton caress of my cock, nestled between your hips, before you allow me to massage this arm and set it, too, back to rest beside you. From the top of the shoulder I draw my fingers down to press beside your spine in waves descending to the small of your back.

Shifting to the side now I press my hands into your supple butt, and begin pressing firmly on the large muscles, stroking up and down, fingers and thumb alternating with my palms as I seek out the knots and tense spots. Lightening the pressure, I reach for your ankle and lift your leg, bending at the knee, to loosen your calf muscle as I press into it, and treat your foot to the same patient attention lavished on your hands some forgotten time before. . .as I guide your foot to settle back down slowly on the sheet my other hand drags fingernails up the back of your thigh. Waiting there, pressing your hip, joined to my other hand as they overlap briefly the pressure resumes, but fingers spread wide enough to hint to your inner thigh that the day is far from over. . ....your hips shift slightly in turn, and I'm rewarded with the sweet heady scent of your mounting desire as I slowly repeat the massage on your other leg in much the same pattern, working my way down to caress your calf  ...then foot... finishing with the firm, delightful thigh muscle, fingertips more deliberately this time tickling your lips suggestively..Your breathing seems so slow...

"Time to roll over, sexy." My hand rests on your hip as you roll to the middle of the bed limply. Such a peaceful smile. "You look much more relaxed."

Nothing but a quiet, humming purr escapes your lips, which part in a contented smile as I watch your breasts rise and fall with each breath. Leaning to an elbow I lightly kiss your mouth, feeling the curve of your belly beneath my hand.

"I need your cooperation now."

Predictably, an inquisitive glance. You have, after all, been the epitome of compliant to this point.

"Indulge me. I need your mind." I take your hand, and extend your left arm to the corner of the bed. My hand guides the nearest leg slightly towards me. Kneeling, I move between your legs. Leaning forward I kiss your left wrist, then raise your right hand towards the other corner, and bend to kiss that wrist as well...

"You can not move your wrists. They are bound by my kisses, locked right where they are now. Your fingers can move, your arms to the degree it would not pull your wrists from their shackles, but they are anchored now, until I unlock them with another kiss. Do you understand?"

With a slight twist of your head and a quirk to your smile you indicate your agreement. Something between a chuckle and a purr greets my ears...

"Now spread your legs - wide."

With a raised eyebrow you comply. I turn and place a hand upon each ankle, beginning to bend to the right one. "You can not move these lovely ankles, either, not even to raise your knees, lover." I kiss the right ankle... "You knew this bond was coming. They are locked in place, now," and I turn and kiss the other ankle, "...until I release them with another kiss."

Your widening smile assures me you are enjoying the guidance, and I draw the strengthening aroma of your arousal into me with each breath, still savoring the way your chest moves and noting that your nipples have darkened and started to grow taut. Drawing my hands along the outside of your legs I lean forward... shifting my knees to feel your thighs as my hands graze your skin and goosebumps emerge over your hips and ribs. With a hand to each side of you to support my weight, our mouths meet in a hungry kiss.

Drawing our lips apart at last, I remind you, "Don't move." Kisses cover your neck, and I draw an earlobe into my mouth to suck and lick it as though it was your clit. Your neck is hot to my lips, and I trail the kisses down your chest. As I kiss my way in a lazy spiral around your breast my fingernails dance on your sides. Fingers spread wide to surround your waist as I draw a nipple in... sucking deeply as it responds to the caress of my tongue. Letting it go as my hands wander lower, I blow gently, and the wetness cools on your skin... 

oooooh my - yesss - mmm mmm mm..." Your hips shift slightly, but you hold the wrists and ankles in their imaginary shackles.

Fingertips imitating the dance of snowflakes in a breeze on your thighs, from knee to just above your twat, never quite touching it.... my kisses wander your belly, wrapped in wispy caresses by the whiskers... my tongue probing your navel... Twisting, I kiss my way down the top of your thigh, with warm breath and whiskers foreshadowing the steady descent between each kiss, past your knee as both hands caress the one thigh...tantalizingly close to your lips at times, but never leaving the thigh. Descending slowly I find the arch of your foot and savor it...I turn and kiss your other foot, pulling my hands along to that leg....

My hands lead the way back up your leg, but no longer a straight line, the whiskers lead the lips in slow wandering paths up your calf, across your knee, gentle breath spreading cool contrast where the kisses left a trace of moisture... ...and onto the firm heat of your thigh, which seems quite unwilling to hold still. My senses are lost in the scent coming from your twat...

my hands dance lightly......and quickly up your sides to connect every nerve-ending....

...from your neck, to your breasts and belly... while my tongue craves the feel and taste of you. Just before my nose might bump your swelling lips I blow a gentle breeze across the slick pinkness, stirring more of your heavenly aroma back to me. You smell exquisite; I must taste and drink of you...

Pulling my hands down to slip beneath your thighs, I take your butt in my hands to raise your hips and kiss you, flicking my tongue on your clit a few times before drawing your lips between mine and draw the taste of you deeply into me, stirring my need. The sound of your passion is almost lost to me as your nectar delights my tastebuds and the hot slickness of you glides beneath my tongue, sliding up and down your twat, circling your clit or pushing it before sliding my tongue to tease your opening...then press back up firmly on your clit before pulling it gently into my lips....

oh I... I... can't you.... I... my gawd, let me move my legs!"

Leaning away from your crotch, twisting my face first to one side then the other to tease the soft skin inside your thighs with my beard, I say, "Of course."  I kiss my way deliberately down your left leg, then place one slow firm kiss on the ankle... "There you are..." and immediately you bend your knee, and press your calf against me...

Turning, I take a moment to stroke from your right knee upward with fingertips barely in contact, then pull back down with my nails scraping your thigh...

knee...shin...ankle... and bend, saying,"And this one, too." as I kiss the second shackle loose...

Ooooooooh Yesssss."Legs wrapping my back you pull me toward your twat...I lower my head to lick you and suck on your lips and clit - hungrily - as your hips raise your need to my lips, so slick and wet beneath my tongue, so sweet in my mouth...

Oh yes, I neeeeeessss. . . yessssssssssssssssss ooooo

yess!"