 My sincere thanks to J for his unending support for my writing. His patience, good humour and editing skills have been essential in making sure this story was finished.

Thank you to Gary for his enthusiasm and encouragement. 

This is for Z...thanks for the inspiration.

*****

I hear the front door shut and his bag drop to the floor. My heart skips a beat and I'm on edge. My skin is tingling, my nipples hardening. I'm breathing a little quicker. He does this to me.

"Hey, where are you?" he calls.

"In the kitchen," I reply.

I look up as he walks in. We're both ridiculously pleased to see each other. It's been a long day apart. He's in a suit and tie, looking sexy and smart. I'm at the sink in t-shirt and jeans, my hair up; it's been so hot today.

"How's your day?" I ask, blushing a little, my eyes leaving his in case he can see what he does to me. 

I can't look at him without remembering all the details of what we did last night, yesterday and all the days before that. 

He comes up behind me, pressing his body to mine, his hand cupping my breast, thumb teasing my nipple through my soft t-shirt. He nuzzles the back of my neck, his warm breath on the curls of hair that have fallen free of the clip. I close my eyes and lay my head back on his shoulder as he kisses my neck, his other hand resting over my belly.

"Yeah good. Yours?" he replies turning me to face him.

I shrug my shoulders. Who cares, it's going to get better now. He leans in to kiss me and as his soft mouth touches mine I feel his hand undo the button on my jeans. I open my eyes to see him watching me. He's always watching me. I pull away and lean back over the bench as he slides the zipper down, his deft fingers effortlessly move past the lace band of my knickers to my cleft. He leans in to kiss me again, trying to distract me from the movements of his fingers. I go to pull away but he puts his free hand behind my head.

"Where do think you're going?" he whispers.

I give in as his soft warm mouth envelopes mine. He weakens me with his kiss, his fingers sliding back and forth in my wetness. Breaking his kiss, he buries his face in my neck.

"You're wet. What've you been up to without me?"

I chuckle. He has no idea I'm in a constant state of desire. From the time I wake and feel him behind me in the bed, to the afterglow of our morning exploration of each other, to the long distraction of the day when I wait for him to join me at home. I feel his hands on me even when he's not there.

"It was a good day. What can I say? Lucky you came home in time."

He grins at me and I can see that he's not unaware at all. It feeds his desire for me, knowing that he has me hanging out for him. 

I hold my breath as his finger finds its way inside me, just the tip; he's teasing me, pressing into my sex. I instinctively grind into him, hoping he'll take pity on me and slide the rest of his finger into me, his palm massaging my clit as he fucks me. But no, he's just messing with me. He pulls out of me abruptly and I tremble as he gently spreads my moisture over my bottom lip. I'm pleased to see his face is as flushed as mine feels. He's not as in control as I think he is.

"I'll get changed," he says moving away leaving me panting against the sink.

With my jeans still open I run my tongue over my lip tasting myself. The sun is starting to go down and the house is cooler. I shake my hair out, strip out of my jeans and follow him to the bedroom. He's hanging up his suit, his shirt and tie on the bed, standing only in his boxers. I catch my breath at the broad sweep of his back, the hollow just above his bum is sweet, I've kissed it often enough to know. His thighs, tight and strong, his perfectly shaped legs that fit so wonderfully between mine. 

He senses me and stops what he's doing as he sees me in my t-shirt and lace panties. 

"What're you up to?"

I smile at him. He's intrigued; I like that. I don't often get the chance to surprise him.

"I was thinking we could do something a little different tonight," I say suggestively, going past him to the wide selection of ties hanging in his wardrobe. I select three and turn to him. I can see he thinks they're for him to use on me. I notice a twitch in his boxers and I glance down, raising an eyebrow.

"You right there?" I ask.

"Sure. I was just thinking about how good those will look around your wrists."

I laugh. "Me? No baby these are for you. Come on."

He stands there for a minute watching me as I walk across the room to the chair in the corner, dragging it over to the bed. 

"You want me in the chair?" he asks.

I knot two of the ties to the back legs of the chair. 

"Sure. Come on, I won't hurt you."

I can see his cock growing in his pants, pressing against the fabric. It's a good start.

He comes over, kissing me quickly on the mouth. I reach for his boxers, yanking them to the ground, his now hard cock rising up from his belly. The vision is enough to make me want to drop to knees and enjoy him in my mouth. He pauses as he watches me fighting the urge.

"Have a seat," I say eventually.

He settles into the chair and I go behind him, gently moving his arms to the back, securing his wrists in the soft fabric. 

"How's that?" I ask quietly, leaning over his shoulder, my face just centimetres from his neck. 

"Yeah, good," he replies hoarsely.

I place a kiss on his neck. He smells good; the fading aroma of his aftershave and his own overwhelmingly delicious scent. He always smells great, whether fresh from the shower or after working out. I inhale deeply and bite him lightly on the ridge of his shoulder, goose bumps scatter across his chest and I see the muscles in his thighs tense.

I move around to stand in front of him, slowly lifting the t-shirt over my head. I hear his soft intake of breath as I reveal myself to him, my belly, breasts and hard tight nipples. 

"You like?" I ask, cupping the weight of my tits in my hands, my fingers rolling my nipples seductively, biting the corner of my lip.

He nods his head, not meeting my eye, only seeing me manipulating my tits. He's swallowing hard and I can see he longs to have me in his mouth.

I take up the other tie and hold it tight in front of me. 

"Now for this one," I say suggestively.

He frowns briefly before smirking as he realises what's going to happen. 

"Close your eyes baby."

He does as he's told. I'm surprised he's acquiescing so readily. Usually I'm his play toy. I can match him with desire and need but he's inventive and his exploration of my body each and every day keeps me coming back for more. I find that the longer I'm with him I'm being consumed into his world. It's harder to remember my life before him.

I circle the tie around his eyes, securing it at the back of his head, my breasts lightly touching his face. He holds his breath, feeling the familiar soft skin against his. He turns his head and I move out of the way of his open mouth.

"Not until you're told to," I whisper.

He growls dangerously. It's not often he's not in control. I shuck off my lace knickers and run them under his nose. He immediately turns towards the scent. 

"How's that?" I ask softly.

"It's great. It's you," he says.

"Good boy." I reward him with a kiss, my tongue slipping into his mouth briefly.

I stroke his shoulders, down to his pecs, brushing my fingers lightly over his nipples, my eye on his cock, which is throbbing and glistening. I duck down between his legs, my fingertips lightly stroking his inner thighs, placing small kisses as I make my way up to his rampant rod. It's tempting to take him in my mouth, swallow him whole and make him climax. But that's what happens all the time. Once I have his taste in my mouth I hunger for him in a way that's obscene.

I flick the top of his slit with the tip of my tongue taking the beads of moisture from his crown. He gasps and for a second I want to put him out of his misery. Then I see his confident grin and know he needs longer. To know that he's not the only one who can play.

I stand, patting his knee as I move away to the bedside cabinet. 

"Hey where're you going?" he complains.

"Shh," I say.

I take my vibrator out of the drawer and lay down in front of him. He can't see me of course but he can hear me. 

"No way," he groans as the low buzz starts up.

"Oh yes way," I say slyly.

I stroke the soft rubber through my wet cleft, arching my back and groaning as the initial buzz vibrates through my body. I run the vibe over my clit, pressing the tip into the entrance to my wet canal. With my free hand I clasp my hard nipple and pinch it, the burning sensation is immediate, shooting deep into my belly meeting with the low throb of the vibrator and it's only seconds and my pelvis in grinding into the bed.

"What the fuck?" he growls.

I turn the speed up a notch and the effect is immediate. I'm bucking against the pink toy. I slide it into my gaping puffy cunt, driving it into me, thrusting it over and over. Soon enough the familiar waves of my orgasm are building.

"I'm cumming," I whisper.

"Jesus," he murmurs.

My thighs tense, my toes curl, I press the vibe hard into my clit and hold it there, long after I can stand it, my belly tightens, pressing into my convulsing womb, the walls of my pussy straining to find something hard to cling to. I cry out, it's his name it's always his name, even if he's not there. 

I throw the vibe to the side, trembling with the aftershock, my juices flooding the bed under me and I look over at him. He's covered in a fine layer of sweat. Perfect.

I edge myself to the side of the bed, my legs shaking. I stand over him, straddling him and he can feel me, smell me. 

I put a hand behind his head directing his mouth to my breast, feeding him my nipple. He doesn't hesitate to take it, sucking it across his tongue flattening it against the roof of his mouth. My thighs start to tremble again as my newly aroused body recognises more pleasure. The sparks of electricity rushing through my belly to my groin, the heat of his mouth and the sharp sting as his teeth graze my nipple.

I hold his head to me, two arms around his head. I cling like a drowning victim to a life buoy. His expert manipulation has me begging for relief, my hips circling, looking for purchase. I slip my thumb in between his lips, breaking the contact with me, withdrawing from his mouth.

I reach down between us, my fingers circling the fleshy crown of his hot length. I settle back onto his lap, inserting the head of him into my warm wet folds. He groans in relief and I'm tempted to let him know how good it is for me too but not yet.

Slowly I sink down over his cock, the fullness of him stretching me, filling me completely. As my thighs reach his he can't help but know how good it is for me. I'm shuddering, my fingers digging into his strong back, my head buried in his neck as I pant. I can feel the wetness of my kitty oozing out around us both.

"You ok?" he whispers into my hair.

"Yes," I manage, turning my face to his, our mouths meeting in hunger. Kissing him is another pleasure I crave. His mouth on mine whether in greeting or desire is a sure fire way to connect me to my inner slut.

I'm the first to break away as my body adjusts to the fullness of him and I rock my pelvis against him, my clit finding purchase against his groin. It's his turn now and I don't want to waste a minute. I press my breasts against his chest, holding him tight as I ride his firm cock. His face is turned toward me, his mouth against my neck and on every up stroke he nips at my skin, signalling his need for me. 

"Fuck me!' he groans and I know he's got to be close. He never asks.

I pull away from the heat of him, standing to break the contact, his wet rod slipping from inside me. 

"No!" he cries out. 

"Wait," I reassure him.

I step between his spread legs and back up over him until my bum touches his belly and I again lower myself onto him. There's no gentleness this time, no delicious slow enjoyment of how we fit together. I steady myself on his knees and ride him, driving his cock deep into the warm sheath of my pussy. I can feel the head of him up against my cervix, driving into the top of my canal and soon enough my belly is tightening against the intruder within it and I'm arching my back, as I feel the change in him, his cock seemingly lengthening and thickening within me. 

"Jesus," he gasps.

As he cums inside me I shorten my movements, milking him as he fires his seed into me.

"Stop!" he gasps, breathlessly.

I settle back onto his lap as his still semi-hard cock finishes twitching inside me. He leans his head onto my back, his breath cooling my over-warm skin. We stay like that both catching our breath.

"Ok?" I ask standing up, his softened cock slipping effortlessly from my swollen wet pussy. 

He leans his head back against the chair and I push the soft tie from his eyes, holding his head in my hands and I gently kiss his eyelids, forehead, cheeks and finally his open mouth. He blinks as his eyes adjust to the half-light of the darkened bedroom. I untie his arms from behind him and lay down on the bed to watch him as our combined cum continues to wet my thighs. His scent will stay on me long after I've showered later.

He's watching me, he always watches me. He leans forward, climbing onto the bed next to me. I lay my head on his chest, running my fingertips up and down his belly, he snakes his arm around me, pulling me up against him, his arm down my back, his hand resting on my hip. 

I'm already on edge again having him this close, his hands on me. I wonder how long he can wait for dinner.