 I am sick with ME/CFS and a whole host of other problems. It varies a lot, but at the time of this story I was hit particularly hard and was spending most of my time in bed. My wife Kathy was working intermittently, and on the days she was not working she would look after me, bringing me food and drink and checking up on me. My sister Mary lived next door and when Kathy had to work Mary would come over to check I had eaten, steal my coffee and keep me company.

I also periodically suffered from Restless Legs Syndrome. This sounds trivial, but it's not. When combined with CFS, it meant that I would twitch and move my legs until I was screaming in pain and completely exhausted. Not much helped this until I discovered by accident one day that having an orgasm made it all stop for long enough to get some rest. After that whenever it got bad Kathy and I would have sex, or if she wasn't around or was already asleep I would masturbate.

Then one day Kathy had to go away for a few days on a training course for work. The first couple of days passed without incident. My sister visited me each day, checking that I had whatever I needed. We spent a good few hours talking too. When day three arrived I had really bad restless legs. I had twitched and convulsed all night, getting no sleep. I was moaning in pain and completely exhausted even as my legs kept moving. Around mid morning Mary turned up to check on me. I must have missed the knock on the door, and eventually Mary used her own key to let herself in.

"Hi Steve, I've brought Juliet round to say hello too."

Juliet had been Mary's best friend since they were kids. She was tall and rather too thin, but she was beautiful too and had a bubbling happiness that was contagious. I had fancied her for years, although she didn't know that.

Footsteps came through the house and the bedroom door opened.

"Steve?"

I moaned in response as a particularly bad convulsion hit my legs.

"Oh Steve, are you OK?"

"Not really" I said. "The restless legs is really bad. I've not slept."

"What's restless legs?" Juliet asked as she came into the room.

"That" said Mary, pointing at my legs as they moved under the covers. "What can we do to help?"

"Not much. Unless you've got some clonazapam, that's the only thing the doctor has ever given me that has helped. Not much chance of that though, getting the doctor here will take hours. I wish Kathy were here."

"What would Kathy do to help? Is it something I can do?" Mary asked.

I looked embarrassed and kept silent.

"What? It can't be that bad!"

"It's...embarrassing." I said.

"Tell us! It's not like it's sex or something."

More silence.

"Oh." Realisation dawned for Mary. Juliet burst out laughing. "It's sex?"

"Yes. Orgasm makes it all stop for a couple of hours so that I can get some rest."

Mary blushed and looked embarrassed. Juliet carried on laughing.

"Why do you have to wait for Kathy?" Juliet asked me. "Why can't you, you know... do it yourself?"

"Stop it! He's my brother!" With that Mary turned and left the room rather quickly, and I could hear her put the kettle on to make drinks.

I paused, unsure whether I should say anything.

"I'm too exhausted" I explained. I can't keep going for long enough to... to finish, I run out of energy and everything will hurt. Especially as the medicine I'm using makes me take much longer."

Juliet stopped laughing and looked at me.

"I'll do it."

"What?!" I knew what she meant but I couldn't quite believe it.

"I'll make you come."

"What about Jamie?" I asked.

"Oh, That never really worked out. We've been nothing but friends for ages."

"What about Kathy?" I was panicking a little bit now. "She won't be happy that I've cheated on her."

"Is it cheating? She's not here, you're obviously in agony and I can help."

"I..."

Another agonising convulsion convinced me that she was right.

"OK. Let's do it. Err, I don't mean that, I mean, well, err..."

She laughed again and closing the bedroom door, walked around the bed to my side. Suddenly looking serious, she pulled back the duvet exposing me to her.

"You sleep naked. Well, that makes it easier."

She sat on the bed and grasped my now rock hard cock. I moaned, this time from pleasure not from pain. This was the first time a woman apart from Kathy had touched me.

"If you take ages, what helps speed things up?"

I paused, still embarrassed to talk about sex with my sister's best friend, even as she started to stroke my cock.

"Well, I come quicker by mouth than by hand. It's also a bit of a turn off that you're fully clothed."

Another giggle. "Well, if I'm going to suck you off then you might as well see this."

Her top disappeared over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra. I stared at her tits. She paused, enjoying the fact that I was admiring her, then leaned over and took my cock into her mouth. I gasped at the sensation. She started to move up and down my cock, licking and sucking. She could only get about halfway down without gagging so she wrapped her fingers around the base. She looked up.

"Good?"

I nodded. She licked around the head of my cock then put me back in her mouth and started moving up and down again. Hand and mouth together, she worked me and pumped me. Lightly at first, then becoming firmer and faster. I marvelled at the sensations and the feeling of her breasts dragging across my leg as she moved. I made appreciative noises as she went along. Suddenly, we were disturbed by a loud "What the hell!" from the doorway. We both turned to look. Mary stood there looking shocked, staring at us, staring at my cock exposed to her now that Juliet's mouth wasn't covering it. Juliet carried on pumping me with her hand.

"I'm helping him!"

"Yes, I can see that"

Mary turned and left again, not bothering to close the door. Juliet grinned at me.

"Oh god, my sister saw us!"

"She'll get over it."

Juliet bent down and licked me again.

"You were right, you're taking ages. Obviously I need to step this up."

She stood up and without breaking eye contact, she wriggled out of her jeans and pushed her knickers down leaving her completely naked. Then she climbed on to the bed and straddled me.

"Ready for this?"

"I..."

She reached down for my cock and pushed me inside her.

I was inside a woman, and it wasn't my wife.

She settled down onto me, taking me all the way in. Leaning forward, she kissed me gently.

"Don't look so shocked" she said. "I've wanted you for ages."

She kissed me again and I opened my mouth and our tongues met. I could feel her breasts squashed against me. Then she sat up and started to move.

Exhausted as I was, I intended to enjoy this. I brought my hands up to her waist and held her as she moved.

"Touch me."

I stroked her, hands moving over her back, her sides, across her belly.

"Touch my breasts."

I moved my hands over her breasts, caressing softly. She moaned. I stoked all around them. I stroked her nipples. Then, sitting up slightly, I took a nipple into my mouth. More moaning.

"Oh god..."

I moved to the other nipple, sucking and licking it. She began to speed up her movements. It felt really good now. We moved together for a while, her sliding up and down my cock, my stroking her waist and breasts. I felt closer and closer to coming. Then I heard a noise. I glanced across to the doorway. My sister was standing there watching us, staring at my cock sliding in and out of her best friend. Her hand was clearly moving inside the waistband of her trousers. She suddenly realised I was watching her and we made eye contact. I came. I came hard, pumping into Juliet again and again. She came too, moaning and shaking on top of me before collapsing forward and wrapping her arms around me. I held her as we both recovered. A glance at the doorway told me that Mary had gone.

"Thank you" I said. "That was wonderful."

Juliet kissed me again, softly, gently. She sat up, still with me inside her, and smiled at me. Then she climbed off and started to get dressed. I watched her, marvelling at the beautiful girl that had just had sex with me.

She walked to the doorway. 

"Thank you for a wonderful first time."

I gaped at her as she walked away.