 Blindfolded. Arms held securely. Completely nude and waiting in bed. You have never felt more vulnerable. You don't think you have ever been wetter, waiting and wondering what your lover has planned for you. Self consciously you squeeze your legs together, hiding your arousal.

"I was enjoying that view. Spread your legs open. Make it easy for me." you hear.

You can feel yourself blushing. Slowly you open your legs again.

"Good girl." you hear. The simple words making your face even more red.

You feel the bed shift as your lover joins you. Unable to see, the sensation of touch is your entire world. Feeling hands on your leg, opening you up more. Fingertips slowly moving up, past your ankle, up your calf, circling your knee before moving further up. First on the top of your leg before moving to the sensitive inside of your thigh. And then slowly, tantalizingly moving up. Closer to your wetness. Making you drip with anticipation. 

And then agonizingly moving away. You groan in disappointment. Your hands straining to reach out and pull your lover to you, but you can't move them.

"Now now..." you hear. "Good girls who are patient get rewarded..."

The finger roam your body, teasing your sensitive spots just before changing direction again. Lacking sight, you keep trying to anticipate where they will go next, and keep being surprised. This time tracing up your body. Hands massaging your hips, enjoying them. Moving up your sides, coming to your breasts. Cupping them, teasing at your nipples... tracing around them. Then a quick, light pinch each, making you gasp in surprised pleasure. Then the hands go up again. Fingertips tracing the tops of your breasts, leading up to your collarbone, and then wrapping around your neck. Just as you gasp, you feel your lover kiss you. Your lips hungrily devouring one another, limited only when they pull away. You fight against the hold on you, wanting to grab and hold them down while you take what you want, what your body is demanding, and what you know they would so eagerly give you. But you can't pull free.

The hands move again along your body, now joined by lips, lightly kissing you. A tongue tasting your skin. Teeth that lightly nip at you. You know your face must be betraying your yearning, but you manage to keep silent. Mostly. You can't help the gasps and whimpers that escape. You can't tell how long this tantalizing torture has gone on. All you know is that the second the fingers finally touch your sensitive lower lips, you moan loudly, feeling one slide into your wetness.

"See? I told you good girls get rewarded." you hear. "In fact, I think you have been very good. So you should get more..."

A second finger slides into you, probing into you. You almost miss the bed shifting as your lover moves within you. Then you feel a kiss on your clit in addition to the fingers, the touch of the lips drawing a loud gasp from you. Your hands strain to reach out, but they are held fast. The lips and tongue tasting you move in rhythm with the fingers sliding within you. The teasing done with, they move with a purpose. Hitting every favorite spot you have. Your breathing is ragged, moaning with each breath.

Held still, the only way you can respond is to give voice to your arousal. You hear yourself begging not to stop. To let you go so you can touch them. To stay right there, right there, right there... the words stop- unable to be formed. Only short gasps. Moans that get louder and louder. Until finally with a loud groan your orgasm explodes inside you as your whole body vibrates. Coating your lover's fingers, and their tongue. Fingers and lips that slow, coaxing the last bits of pleasure from you, till they finally withdraw.

You are catching your breath, waiting to be released, when your lover crawls up your body to kiss you. Between breaths you kiss them, tasting yourself, and smile. Your breath catches when you feel your lover's erection press up against you, touching your slick, sensitive folds.

"Color?" he says, asking for your consent. The color code system you have for play lets you say what is ok and what isn't at any time. "Red" for stop immediately. "Yellow" for wait or go slow. And "green" for go. 

You want to tease him. Make him suffer after the torture he put you though. Shifting your hips around his hardness, making him feel your wetness, coating him with your slickness while making him wait for your decision. But you are too impatient, saying "fucking green" as soon as he asks.

He enters you, still wet and sensitive from your orgasm. Filling you more than his fingers, feeling his body press into yours. Making you moan again at the sensations, and growl in frustration at still not being able to move your arms, at his mercy for the pace. It is his turn to gasp as you squeeze him inside you, kissing him, biting his lip, smiling at hearing his moans now. Feeling his ragged breath on your neck as he speeds up. His coupling with you bringing you both closer, until you feel him spasm inside you. Feeling him shudder as he releases himself brings you over the edge again, your moans joining his as you spasm in orgasm around his cock.

You feel him slump up agaisnt you, still inside you, still breathing hard from the exertion. Your hands are released to finally wrap around your lover. One of the hands that was holding you removes the blindfold, and you can see him smiling as he catches his breath. Turning you look into the eyes of your girlfriend who was holding you down. She kisses you deeply, likely tasting you still from when he kissed you. The hands that were holding you down start to roam your body. You can feel her hands touching you, reaching down between you and your lover still inside you, feeling where you are still joined, touching your shared wetness.

"I loved feeling you struggle... hearing you moan, baby. You are so beautiful and sexy." your girlfriend whispers in your ear. "As soon as you are up for it, I'm next. He gets to hold me down for you." she says with a kiss to your neck. You smile thinking about what you will do to her. Thinking about what else the night will hold for the three of you.