 As I rode my bicycle into my apartment complex one afternoon, my neighbor, Annette saluted me with a wineglass from her balcony on the next building over, "Alex, Come over and have a drink!"

Curious, however never one to pass up an offer from a lovely woman, called back, "I'll be over as soon as I shower."

Annette smiled back at me and winked, "Don't take too long, I might get cold."

After I put my bike up, I showered quickly, slipped on some shorts and sandals, and grabbing a bottle of wine, headed over to Annette's apartment. As I raised my hand to ring the bell, the door opened and Annette grabbed my hand, pulled me into her living room, and closed the door. She was listening to some soft jazz and as I turned to face her she swept up to me and pulled me into the kitchen. Semi-shocked in surprise, I let her lead me.

Annette is a pretty brunette; about five foot eight, with red and gold highlights in her long brown hair. She has a nice figure, firm, pert breasts, a lovely round derrière, and long, shapely legs. Today, she wore a short skirt, sheer blouse, and some sexy strappy white heels the accentuated her pretty feet. She was bubbling with enthusiasm as she poured a glass of wine for me, refilled hers, and raised it in a toast. "To my new promotion as sales manager," she crowed, her dark eyes flashing.

I met her glass in midair with a clear tone of crystal and said, "Congratulations Annette! You really deserve it! Why don't you have a party?"

"I wanted to tell you first," she said, stepped up to me and standing on her toes, gave me a quick, bold kiss, "I wanted to thank you for being so nice to me last Friday at the pool." I felt her erect nipples brush my chest and she looked at me with a smoldering, yet wistful look on her face. My head swam with the heady scent of her perfume..., and something else.... 

Last Friday. She came down to the Jacuzzi, where I was listening to jazz and drinking Margaritas, and talked about her life, job, love life, etc. for more than three hours. I listened as this beautiful lady told me her stories as we sipped our drinks. She had just moved in the week before, was through with her boyfriend, and fed up with her company for moving her on short notice. As she left the pool, I wanted to go home with her, but she abruptly left as quickly as she had come. I hadn't seen her since then.

I looked down at her and said, "It was my pleasure. I enjoy spending time with a lovely lady, even if all she wants is to have someone to talk to."

Annette looked up at me with a mischievous, little girl smile and whispered, "If you want to spend more time with me tonight, we can do more than talk." I felt her foot lift to caress the back of my calf.

I felt stirrings in my crotch as sipped her wine and winked. "I can't think of anywhere else I would be stupid enough to go tonight," I whispered back, swept her into my arms, and kissed her. She responded ardently, her tongue caressing mine as she rubbed herself against the hard bulge in my shorts.

She broke off the kiss and led me to her bedroom and we sat together on the edge of her four-poster bed.

She looked at me, slyly, the tip of her tongue peeking between her lips, and one eyebrow arched high. "I want to tie you up," she said. 

"Pardon me?" I replied. I'd fantasized about it, and I found the idea of surrendering myself to Annette like that exciting. "Are you serious?" I asked. 

"Yeah," she said. "I'm serious. I want to tie you up. You know, to tease you and torture you..., in a good way, of course." She smiled. 

"Of course," I replied. 

Annette climbed on top of me, pushed my hands over my head, and pinned them to the bed. She straddled my chest and her skirt rode up her thighs. Just below the hem of her skirt, I caught a tantalizing glimpse of her mound covered by neatly trimmed reddish-brown hair. "Interested?" she asked. 

"Well, of course I am," I flushed as she looked at me with lust in her eyes, "but it depends. What would you do to me?" 

A devious, sly smile came over her face. "Anything I wanted," was her reply. I looked up at her beautiful face and with only a slight hesitation, said, "OK." 

"Excellent!" Annette said as she bounded off the bed into the bathroom. I didn't know what to expect until Annette returned with a handful silk scarves. I sat up in the bed and watched her. 

She pulled my shirt over my head and threw it on the floor. She pushed me back onto the bed, straddling my chest again. Annette looped one scarf around my right wrist and secured to the bedpost. She used another to fasten my left wrist to the other post at the head of the bed. I simply lay there, unable to move either hand. 

Annette knelt up, bringing her pussy to within inches of my face. I stuck my tongue out to taste her, but she was just beyond my reach. She laughed and said, "I guess you'll never look at me the same way again. I hope you'll remember this the next time you see me!" 

"How could I ever forget this," I said breathlessly.

Annette pulled my sandals and shorts off and giggled as my rigid cock sprang straight up. She securely tied my legs, spread-eagled, to the two bedposts at the bottom of the bed. I lay there, naked, unable to move, with my cock standing rigidly at attention. Annette then lightly ran her hands up and down the length of my body, running her fingers across my chest and up and down my shaft. She bent down and gave the head a quick kiss as her dark eyes flashed with excitement. Then she got off the bed and slowly, tantalizingly unbuttoned her blouse, dropped it to the floor, slid her skirt off and stood at the foot of the bed for me to see in just her heels. Her smooth evenly tanned skin flushed darkly and her pert breasts quivered with excitement as she ran her hands over her luscious body. Annette raised one foot to my crotch and ran her lovely foot up and down the length of my shaft, the tip of her heel lightly scratching my balls. I squirmed in helpless delight and then she suddenly pulled her foot away and left the bedroom in a rush. 

She reappeared in about five minutes. Five excruciating minutes when I felt every hair on my body stand up on end, five minutes of wondering what was to happen next, five minutes of pure arousal with no hope of release. It was complete torture, and Annette wasn't even in the room. 

She reappeared carrying a small basket filled with items that I couldn't see. She was sipping from a glass filled with ice water as she sat on the bed next to me. Annette placed the basket and the glass on the nightstand next to the table, out of my sight. Then, with another silk scarf suddenly appearing in her hand, she turned to face me. Holding the scarf slightly above my body, she trailed it along my body, concentrating on my nipples and thighs. Every pass brought it closer and closer to my erect cock, which jumped in anticipation. Finally, Annette took the scarf in her hand and firmly grasped my cock. She slowly started pumping it, and my hips pressed back against her hand. As I thought I was about to explode, Annette took the scarf and tied it tightly around the base of my cock. It wasn't tight enough to cut off my circulation, but it would certainly make my orgasm more difficult. 

Annette leaned over and kissed the tip of my cock again. "I can't have you come too soon," she said to it. "I'm just getting started." 

I groaned and pulled against the bonds, but they were tied too tight to escape. 

Annette reached over to the basket and pulled out a hairbrush. Bristle-side down, she began to run it across my body. Then she began concentrating on my cock. Each lightly scratching stroke of the bristles against my cock caused me to groan. Waves of frustrating pleasure emanated from my cock through the rest of my body. Annette had me close to the edge of release and was determined to keep me there as long as she wanted. I groaned, wanting the release of orgasm. 

Annette turned around and got up on top of me again, straddling my chest. She reached over to the nightstand to get her drink of water. She took a long sip, pulling one of the ice cubes into her mouth. She put down the glass and spit the ice cube into her hand, grinning down as I looked helplessly up at her. "You look so hot. I think I need to cool you down...," she said, in a pouty voice.

The ice in her hand, Annette reached down to press it against my nipple. The shock of the cold against me was overwhelming. I closed my eyes and moaned with pure pleasure. It was like cold fire exploding from my chest straight to my cock. Just as suddenly as the sensation had hit, Annette took the ice cube away. Then she touched it to my other nipple, and the want of release shot through my body again. Then she moved down between my legs, careful not to touch my cock at all. She held the ice cube and traced it along the muscles of my chest. I squirmed in response to her exquisite teasing. The cold of the ice, combined with the trail of water it left along my body, as it melted, was almost unbearable. 

With the ice completely melted on my body, Annette again straddled my chest. She moved her pussy closer and closer to my face. She sighed as she settled her weight down around my head and I stuck my tongue out to kiss and part her delicate labia, flushed red with desire. I lapped eagerly at her pussy, seeking out the soft folds of her flesh. She was so incredibly wet; and I realized that she was teasing herself as much as me as she tormented my helpless body. I buried my head between her thighs, pulling her clitoris into my mouth where I firmly sucked on it. Her hips were gyrating and pushing against me as an intense orgasm rocked through her body. 

She sat back against my chest to catch her breath. "That was really nice," she said. "Now do it again." 

She raised her body up to my face again and I started licking and sucking every inch of her flesh within reach. For a second time, I pushed apart the folds of her pussy with my tongue, seeking her hard clitoris. As she ground herself onto my face, I tongued her engorged clit and she came again. 

Annette moved down my body until her pussy was just at the tip of my erect cock. As much as I tried to enter her, she stayed just out of reach. Finally, she lowered her hips until I felt the soft hair of her mound brush against the head of my cock. I raised my hips up to meet her

"Do you want this now?" She said, pulling away from me. 

I could barely answer her. Groaning, I said, "Oh yes." 

"Then lie still and be a good boy!"

Slowly Annette lowered herself down until the head of my cock barely parted her labia. She rotated her hips back and forth from her clit to her anus until I could feel her juices running down my shaft, mixing with my dripping pre-come and soaking the scarf tied around my balls. 

I groaned and thrashed my head, not daring to move and have her pull away again. Nothing I did helped; I was completely at Annette's whim. 

When I thought I couldn't take any more teasing, she slid slowly down onto my cock until the entire length was inside her. Annette pressed her hips into mine and held them still as she looked down at me with pure lust in her dark eyes. I could feel her pussy muscles rippling around my encased shaft. "Now" was all she said as she started moving up and down in short strokes. I thrust upward, pulling against the scarves, trying to plunge deeper and harder into her. Annette's strokes became longer and faster and I started to feel the release that I had been craving for so long. The pressure in my groin grew steadily and then reached the bursting point. I cried out as the first waves of the most intense orgasm in my life overpowered me. Annette whimpered and plunged my pumping cock to the hilt in her wonderful pussy as her own orgasm coursed through her. I could feel her pussy contracting in spasms as she ground her pelvis down on me, trembling as she forced every inch into her. She arched her back with a little cry of delight and collapsed on my chest, her breath fluttering, her skin flushed and glistening with sweat.

Annette slowly crawled off my body and untied my arms. I lay there with her holding me, both of us panting, before sitting up to untie my legs. Then I took her in my arms and held her close to me. 

"Was that OK?" she asked. 

"I think it was just fine," I answered, "let's celebrate more often."

"...what you gonna do in those shoes?"