 I was six months into my divorce when I decided to sell the house. It was too big and empty without my wife, and I couldn't bring myself to sleep in our bed...not after what she'd done in it. So, I found a local realtor and set up the meeting for her to come out and look at the place.

I'm only thirty-two, but my career really took off when I got out of college, so the place is pretty huge. Six bedrooms, eight baths, and a few acres around. Honestly, I loved that house, but there were too many memories for me to stay.

When she rolled up in her red Corvette, I was pleased to see Dana lived up to her photo online. Tall and tan, with black hair and eye-catching curves, she was everything you could ask for in a woman. She wore a reasonably short black dress with a chunky necklace and three inch heels. Definitely dressed for business, but you could take a little pleasure in her presentation.

She came up the stone steps, her dark brown eyes sweeping over the facade with professional efficiency. She reached a perfectly manicured hand out as she approached the door. "Hi, you must be Sam."

I shook her hand and tried to ignore how soft and feminine it felt. "Nice to meet you. Come on in."

I let her pass me through the doorway, catching a hint of her perfume and a long glance at her plump backside. She spent a few moments appraising the entryway while I admired her shapely legs and ass.

"Well, I think this is going to be an easy sell," she said as she turned around. She had a warm smile, with a hint of irony. I don't think she caught me looking, but maybe she assumed I was checking her out. She was probably used to men slobbering all over her.

"You think," I stammered.

She nodded. "It's got good energy. You can walk in and feel right at home. Plus, you're asking about five percent below market, based on what you sent me. This is easy money, as far as I'm concerned."

It was refreshing to see someone so frank in a business deal. I was used to cagey old men or overeager young guys like myself. Maybe it was just a real estate thing.

"Well, I don't want to sit on it too long," I said. "I'm basically living out of my office right now. I can't really bring myself to hold onto the place."

She gave me a comforting smile. "Divorce was that bad, huh?"

I shrugged. "It was fine. The marriage on the other hand..."

She gave me a pat on the arm. "We've all been there. At least you guys didn't have any kids."

"There's that," I said. "Do you have kids?"

"Two boys," she said and whipped out her phone to show me. Handsome kids, probably three and five years old. "They're a handful, but hey, you gotta love 'em."

I chuckled and thought about saying something corny. I was stiff from the minute she left the car and my hormones were dying to get me to hit on this woman. I opted to say as little as possible. "I suppose so."

I gave her the tour, letting her get a feel for the house. She'd seen most of it in pictures and would bring by her own inspector to dig into the guts and make sure there were no surprises waiting in the walls. 

I tried my best to stay ahead of her; I already felt like the creepy jerk from the workplace harassment videos. Unfortunately, that wasn't going to be possible. She was very thorough - checking odd corners and closets, getting down on hands and knees to look under places. I barely knew what she was doing, but from my vantage, she was giving one hell of a show. Either she was exposing her ample cleavage while bending over or lifting the hem of her dress nearly to her panties.

By the time we got to the master bedroom, I thought I was going to explode with pent up libido. I'd have sold her the house for a dollar if she would just let me bury my face between her breasts.

"Wow," she said. "This is quite the set up."

"Thanks," I said, chewing my lip nervously.

It was pretty nice. We had a king bed with a walnut four-poster frame, a working fireplace, huge flat screen, and a jet-tub in the attached bathroom. I'd had the tub installed for our first anniversary; we christened it that night.

Dana strode in, toying with her necklace. "Are you sure I can't convince you to raise the price a bit? This room alone will make you 20k more than you're asking."

I didn't know what to say. "Really?"

She looked back with playful eyes. "With the fireplace and the tub? Oh yeah. Women love this shit, and their husbands will pay whatever you want for it. Not every house comes with built in sex appeal."

I think I blushed at that. "I...well, I mean, you're the expert here."

She went up to the bed and took hold of one of the posts, running her hand down the smooth wood. "I guess you're taking this with you?"

"It came with the house actually," I said. "I think I'd have to cut it up to get it out the door."

She laughed at that, but her hand stopped rubbing the pole. She bent down to examine it, and I came closer to see what she was looking at. Of course, her breasts drew my attention more than the bedframe.

"Huh. It's got a few scratches in it," she said. "You could probably get those filled in, they just look really regular."

I nodded along, barely paying the post any attention. The neckline of her dress was billowing out and rim of her areola had slipped past her bra. Another half an inch and her nipple would be in full view.

"Oh, that's probably from the handcu-"

I stopped myself before I finished the sentence, not realizing what I'd been saying. I took a step back and adjusted my shirt awkwardly.

Dana straightened more slowly, with a knowing grin. "No judgement here. My ex was into ropes."

That didn't help. I was burning up and there was definitely a tent in my pants. I reached down to adjust myself, but that would look even worse, so I just sort of stood there and wrung my hands.

Dana leaned against the edge of the bed, the hem of her dress rising slightly. "Were they hers or yours?"

I looked up, confused. "Huh?"

"The handcuffs. Her thing or yours?"

I'd been dying to flirt with this woman, and now she was flirting with me. It felt strange to get caught looking, so to speak, but I was willing to roll with it. I considered the question for a moment. "They were our thing...at least until I found her in here with her business partner, cuffed to the bed."

Dana winced. "Ouch. Sorry."

I shrugged with forced nonchalance. "It's alright. What about you?"

She raised an eyebrow at me. "Are you asking if I liked to be tied up?"

I gulped, but it was time to man up and go for it. "Maybe I'm asking if you'd like to be."

She seemed to consider my offer for an eternity before reaching over her shoulder and unzipping her dress. She never broke eye contact as she stood and let her clothes fall to the floor. Standing there in a black lace push-up bra and matching thong, she let off an aura of sexual power that left me gaping.

"You tell me."

She crossed the room before I could answer and planted a wet, passionate kiss on my lips. My hands knew what to do before my brain even caught up, fingers wrapping around the supple flesh of her ample buttocks.

Then I undid her bra and let her amazing breasts swing free. She had a boob job, undoubtedly to recover from the wear and tear of breastfeeding. They were pert and well proportioned to her womanly physique, and I was compelled to bury my face in them and suck on her protruding nipples.

In a tangle of limbs and kisses, I managed to get free of my own clothes. Dana held my seven inches between her hands as I pushed her panties aside to rub her clit.

"Mmm, yes," she moaned into my shoulder, biting and kissing her way back up to my lips.

Then she pushed me away and faced the bed, holding her hands out behind her. "Go get the cuffs."

I went to the dresser and found the fuzzy pink restraints. I didn't think twice about the last time I'd seen them or why I'd kept them in the first place. Instead, I locked them around the wrists of my incredible hot realtor milf and stood back to admire the view.

She looked over her shoulder with animal lust. "Well, are you going to fuck me or what?"

I grinned and went back to the dresser. The little black riding crop was right where I left it, and I brought it out with a flourish. Her eyes widened, but she was still wearing that hungry look.

"Or what," I said and brought the leather end down on her ass. It left a sharp red mark on her gorgeous bubble butt, and she yelped with surprise and pleasure.

"Is this the part you liked," she asked with a heavy breath.

"Partly," I said, rubbing her ass with my empty hand. "My wife, the slut, she always begged for it."

"Oh, is that what you're looking for? A slut to fuck? Or just someone to beg for more?"

I brought the crop down again. Another red mark, another moan. "Well, you seem slutty enough already, but maybe you need a little more teasing before you start begging."

She laughed and wiggled her bottom at me. "Bring it on!"

I tossed the crop to the floor and slapped her ass with both hands. She shouted, "Yes!" and big, red handprints showed up against her tan skin. I tore the thong from her hips, breaking the string as I exposed her ripe cunt. It was waxed clean and as red as her backside, begging for attention.

"Do you taste as good as you look," I asked as a ran a finger up the drenched slit between her legs.

"You tell me," she said with another sigh, pressing herself back against my hands. She was really getting into it. I wondered if this was the first time she'd fucked a client like this.

I was tempted to bend down and sample her peach, but that wasn't the game we were playing. I could eat pussy every day of the week, but this milf needed a cock inside her.

"Maybe later," I said, and I ran my hand up her back and into her hair. "Right now, I think I'm going to make you my bitch."

"Ooh, well let's see what you can do, big guy."

I grabbed the fuzzy handcuffs with my free hand and lined up my cock with her pussy with the other. She was so wet, it wouldn't take much warm up to get her going, but I didn't want to hurt her by thrusting in too fast. Instead, I slowly filled her up, letting my cock drift into her inch by inch. When my hips met hers, we both let out a contented sigh.

She was as hot and wet as you could imagine, her tight pussy gripping my cock as it sawed into her. It was almost like riding a pony, me holding her pink, fuzzy reins and bouncing along on top of her. With my right hand free again, I ran a hand through her hair and pulled her head back, causing a fresh wave of moaning from her lips.

"Yes, please, more," she begged as I fucked her from behind, her pretty face tilted back while I pulled her hair.

I did my best to oblige her, increasing my pace and force as I slammed into her tight pussy. She was panting and moaning, making little squeaks of ecstasy with every other thrust. She was really getting off on being handcuffed and having her hair pulled, and that gave me a new idea.

I stopped fucking her and grabbed the key to the handcuffs from the dresser. She looked back at me, hurt and confused; she must have been getting close to an orgasm. I smiled back without a word and moved her arms in front of her, then redid the restraints.

"That's better," I said, taking hold of her buttocks. She looked like a bitch in heat now, with her well-fucked pussy red and hot and ready for more. But I had other plans.

I took a thick, nine inch dildo - my wife's old standby - and a bottle of lube from the dresser. Dana tried to look back and see what I was doing, but I gave her another spanking and buried her face in the sheets. She seemed to like the rough play, and I was ready to give her more.

"Oh god, that feels amazing," she cried as I filled her up with the silicone cock.

"You like that," I said, "You'll love this."

I poured a long stream of lube onto her ass and my cock. She froze for half a second, then relaxed as I worked the liquid into her rosebud. I don't know if she'd ever had a cock in her ass before, but she was certainly willing to try. Maybe she was a full-on anal slut; with an ass like hers, I can't imagine any guy who could resist trying to fuck it.

I fucked her pussy with the dildo for a moment while I worked a finger into her little asshole. "I'm going to pound your ass like you wouldn't believe. Is that what you want?"

She nodded vigorously, clearly enjoying the attention to both holes. "Yesss! Fuck my ass. Please."

That was all the confirmation I needed. I took my finger out and worked the lube into my cock. Then, with one assertive thrust, I filled her bubble butt with my hard cock.

"Holy shit," she gasped, air exploding from her lungs.

"Take it, bitch," I said, slapping her ass for emphasis.

She ground her hips against the bed and screamed, "Fuck! Yes! Fuck me like a bitch! I'm your little slut! Fuck my ass!"

I took her hair in my lube smeared hand, making her dirty in than one way. I thrust into her ass with rough strokes, enjoying the feel of it around my cock and the power I felt while fucking her. She was a gorgeous woman, successful and confident. Now, she was bent over my bed with my dick up her ass, begging me to fuck her harder.

It was the best sex I'd had in a long time, but my stamina wasn't going to last. If I didn't make her cum soon, I'd probably blow my load without satisfying her, and I really wanted to satisfy her. There was no way I was going to blow another shot at fucking her, and if she didn't cum, I didn't think she'd let me back inside her sweet pussy again.

I leaned in, pulling her face back by the hair. "Are you going to cum for me, you little slut?"

She nodded feebly, her breath coming out in ragged gasps. "Uh-huh."

"Then do it now," I commanded and stepped up my efforts. My cock pistoned in and out of her ass, pushing the dildo around as a result, and I slapped her ass with my free hand.

She cried out under the all out assault, and after only a few more thrusts, I felt her body clench up under me.

"I'm cumming!"

I kept up my fucking her as her ass clenched down on me and the dildo shot to the floor, propelled out by her quivering pussy. It was maddening trying to keep from cumming, but I held off so I could finish off the way I wanted.

As soon as I felt the last waves of her orgasm, I pulled out and stood back. She lay on the bed, pretty in post-orgasmic bliss.

"You're not done yet," I said with a grin.

Dana sat up, slightly dazed, but definitely pleased with herself. I guided her handcuffed wrists over the nearest bedpost and brought her off the bed. She looked confused, standing there attached to a bed, until I put my hands on her shoulders and sent her to her knees.

"Are you ready to take my load," I asked as I pumped my shaft.

She nodded, watching my cock expectantly. I wondered how many times she'd had cum on her beautiful face. Just looking at her, I could tell she liked the taste of cum in her mouth, her tongue darting out from between her lips in anticipation of her favorite treat.

I came in seconds, pouring the biggest load I'd ever unleashed onto her face and tits. She took it with closed eyes and an open mouth, like she was trying to catch snowflakes on her tongue. When the hose stopped spraying, she was left with a thick layer of sperm across her front and the tops of her outstretched arms. I'll never forget the image of her naked, attached to the bed, and covered in cum.

After that, I helped her get cleaned up. Her makeup was smeared from my ejaculations and her hair was a mess. She hopped in my shower for a minute to rinse off, and I stood there and watched unabashedly. By the time she stepped out, I was growing a second wind below the belt, but she had other clients to tend to...which only made me harder, though I knew it wasn't what she meant.

As we headed back downstairs, Dana turned to me with her business-like smile back on those lips that had just been covered in cum.

"Well, it was a good first visit, but I think the place is going to need some work," she said.

I was baffled. "But you said it was going to be an easy sell."

She shook her head theatrically. "I thought so, but it looks like I was wrong. You don't know much about renovations, do you, Sam?"

I was gaping at her again. "No, not really."

She nodded with a knowing smile and put a hand on my chest. "Don't worry, I'll help you through it, even if I have to come by twice a week. You better get ready for some serious sweating, my friend."

With that, she gave me a long kiss on the lips and left. I watched her head down the steps and back in her Corvette, admiring her beautiful ass the whole way. Was she serious about renovations?

I didn't care. So long as she brought her sweet ass, I couldn't complain. I would do whatever it took for another chance to get hot and heavy with her...even if it might cost me in the end.