 Author's note: the following story is based on an actual, with the names modified for obvious reasons. This story contains explicit material and any reader who is not over the age of 18 must exit now. The author wishes to express his gratitude to user bigbeautiful for her editing of this story to make it more readable.

She was an employee, a retail sales clerk I found out. I spotted her not two minutes after I entered the store to buy furniture from the local store of a national chain. She was digging through some papers trying to find information for a customer and when she couldn't find what she wanted, she bent way over and dug deeper into the package with the papers. And when she bent over, that's when something caught my eye, like a magnet attracted to metal filings.

I wasn't even conscious of her but I was instantly aware of her breasts. Her hooters were huge, at least huge for her build. She was basically a small woman, standing just 5' 3" tall and weighing maybe 130. The important thing was that a significant amount of her weight was located in her tits.

They were encased in a beige knit sweater with a scoop neck that revealed a cleavage valley that could have hidden a whole village of pigmies. I nearly walked into an overstuffed sofa looking between her hanging mountains instead of following the aisle.

Finally I gathered myself and proceeded with my shopping, finding the chairs I wanted to look at and checking out the obvious options. When I was ready for some help, I rang a bell and waited for assistance. I nearly dropped my teeth when she came strolling up asking if she could help.

Given an opportunity to survey her from head to toe, I could see that she was up in years, probably late fifties or early sixties. She was nicely shaped although she was a little thick around the waist but it was not so much that I didn't immediately want to screw her. She had a nice shaped butt and dark red hair and everywhere I could see her skin was a nice tanned color. Her face would never pass as a beauty but she had a nice smile and seemed to have a pleasant attitude.

My questions made her move around the department enough that I got to ogle her bottom and liked what I saw. I took my time and looked at everything, including the sales person. I didn't try to hide the fact that I thought her boobs were something special.

Finally I made my choice and we went to the checkout register. It took her a while to ring it up, register the warranty, and take care of payment, all the while I was leaning over the counter daydreaming of diving into her cleavage. At last she gave me the paperwork and explained about the delivery and only then seemed to realize what I had been staring at. Maybe it was because as she explained the transaction, my gaze kept going from her eyes to her tits and back. 

Anyway she seemed to get the idea that I was enthralled and she smiled. I whispered "magnificent" and she said "thank you." 

I said "You've been very helpful." 

She said "thank you." 

I said "it has been my pleasure." 

She said "thank you." 

I said "that's beautiful." 

She pushed out her chest and said "thank you." Her smile grew broader. 

I said "Oh how I wish ..." and let it drop. 

She said "maybe you could ... " 

I asked "please?" 

She said "follow me."

She took off down an aisle toward the back of the store, weaving in and out of several departments and pushed through a swinging door into the storage area. I was hard pressed to follow her but I had an urgent need to stay close enough to follow the lush swing of her rear end. She turned left, again weaving through stacks of stored merchandise piled high in steel shelving. I followed her to several stacks of mattresses, where she stopped and turned to me.

Quickly she pulled her sweater up around her neck and asked "Is this what you wanted to see?"

I groaned and nodded. She said "I've got to get back to work. Come get 'em." She sat on the stack of mattresses and lay back. I made a bee line for her and was soon slobbering all over her mounds. She moaned softly and held my head in both hands as I licked and sucked first one and then the other, back and forth greedily. Her nipples stood up well and greeted my mouth as it closed over it. They were as delicious as any titties I had ever had the privilege to suck.

I knew what I was going to do next though. Still sucking her tits astride her, I put my fingers into the waistband of her slacks and pantyhose on each side and began to pull. 

She murmured "no, don't, honey" but I kept pulling, especially when her hips rose off the mattress. In a swift move, I stripped them all the way off her feet and tossed them aside. Again I latched onto her nipples and sucked hard while wrapping my arms under her body. I tugged her up onto the mattress so that she was stretched out. 

Again she said softly "no, honey, no" but I licked my way down over her navel, into her bush and, pulling her legs up and out, I buried my face in her snatch.

Within a couple of minutes I had her squirming and moaning softly and then she came, rocking and shaking with wave after wave of orgasm while I kept eating her pussy. Just three minutes later she did it again, pulling on my ears as if to stuff my head inside herself while the pleasure rolled over her.

I kept on sucking and licking and eating but then she whispered "Honey, I'm going to have to go back to work." Reluctantly I sat back to let her get up but she whispered "No, don't leave. I want you to fuck me first but you've got to be quick, honey. Give me your dick" and she held her pussy apart with both hands. 

I pulled out my throbbing erection and slid it into her red hot cunt and proceeded to fuck her until my balls emptied their load of white sticky cum into her love box. Afterward she pulled my head down to her open mouth and gave me a long sweet liquid kiss. Then she said "I've gotta go, honey." Hastily we dressed and I took a circuitous route to the store exit while she hurried back to the checkout. As I passed by, she was talking to a woman customer about dining tables.

Four days later I was reading when my phone rang. I answered it to hear a woman's voice ask "Mr. Hanes?"

"Yes."

"This is Nora Satrun."

"Yes?"

"You don't remember me, do you? I sold you the chair."

"Oh, yes!" I responded enthusiastically. "How are you?"

"Oh, I'm doing fine" she said "although I've been getting a little horny thinking about what we did. I was wondering if you had any interest in doing it again soon."

"Nora, I would love to. I have thought a lot about you since that afternoon. When can we get together?"

"Well, I like doing it here at the store and I'm working today. Can you come in?"

"Yes, I can. I can be there in twenty minutes."

"Good. Come in and wander around until you get to the store room door and wait for me there. I'll come in and you follow me, okay?"

"Yes."

She had saved her dinner hour for us and when she saw me come in the front door, she checked out and came to the store room just a couple of minutes after I got there. I followed her in and we hurried to the same stack of mattresses. We did nearly the same as before but she let me eat her pussy for a longer time and then I fucked her twice before she had to get back to work. It was one fantastic hour for me.

And that's the way it was about every fourth day for the next three months until she asked me to come to her house one evening. That night we nearly fucked ourselves into a coma before resting for a while and then screwing again. She was a great lover and age was in no way an impediment. We're doing it regularly twice a week, at either her place or mine, and occasionally throw in a fuck in the store room for old times' sake and because there is something deliciously sneaky about it.

I gotta wrap this up. Nora just walked in the back door and I don't want to miss out on a second with her.