 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

I did a double take as I exited the men's room and looked to my left. The woman exiting the ladies' room at the same time looked very familiar and she should have. I'd been acquainted with Stacey for as long as I'd known my sister-in-law since they'd been best friends growing up. I stopped and waited as she also recognized me and, when she threw her arms open for a hug, I wondered how long she'd been at the bar upstairs. Of course I gave her a hug and I enjoyed it, feeling her young, lithe body and her boobs against me.

"I haven't seen you in so long," she said into my ear, not releasing me.

"I know," I replied, not minding at all, "I never even saw you upstairs."

"I'm just hanging out with some friends," she said.

"Yeah," I replied, "me, too."

"I'm horny," she suddenly stated and kissed my neck. My cock started to rise, which I knew she could feel when she started to press against it. I let my hands drop down to her ass and squeezed it as I pulled her against me even more. There was still a risk that either her friends or mine could happen upon us but that really wasn't the primary thought in my brain at that moment. Turns out it wasn't the primary thought in her brain, either.

"Was anyone else in the men's room?" she asked suddenly.

"No," I murmured.

Before I knew it, she was leading me back into the men's room after a quick look around to make sure we were unobserved. She led me into a stall and I was appreciative that these particular rest rooms were quite nice with solid walls on three sides of the stalls and a louvered stall door that almost reached the floor. As soon as we were closed inside, we were making out as she reached between us to fondle my throbbing tool. As I continued to squeeze her ass, she opened my jeans and fished out my cock, pumping it in her hand before starting to work my jeans and underwear down.

"Sit," she said once my cock was completely freed. I did, pushing my jeans and underwear down to my ankles as I did. Then, with her standing before me, I unfastened her shorts and let them drop to her ankles as I kissed her abdomen above her panties. After squeezing her ass some more, I rubbed the front of her panties briefly before starting to slide them down. Her bush was trim and dark brown and, as her panties slid down to join her shorts, I kissed around it, moving in closer and closer. She'd stepped out of her shorts and panties with one foot and raised the other leg with them hooked on her ankle, so I grabbed them before they ended up on the floor. After I handed them to her, she turned and hung them on the hook on the back of the stall door, then turned back and straddled me. I stroked her pussy as she lowered it over me, finding it flowing with juices, then guided my cock into it as she sat on my lap.

She moaned as my cock filled her and I reached around for her bare ass as she started to slowly ride up and down on me. As she leaned down so that we could make out again, the door opened and somebody else entered the men's room. Our activity was pretty quiet so he'd have to have looked under the stall door to even see that there were two occupants, so I don't believe either of us was concerned. A second person had come and gone when Stacey pulled her mouth from mine and let out a gasp as her body trembled. I could feel my own orgasm starting to build and realized that, with my hands on her ass, I was fucking her pretty hard. Thinking not only that I could delay my own orgasm and enjoy this longer if I slowed down but also that I hadn't gotten my hands on her tits yet, I slid my hands up under her shirt.

I unclasped her bra then brought my hands around to fondle the soft, smooth flesh of her breasts. We were making out again at this point and she moaned softly against my mouth as I brushed my hands over her hard nipples. I was still relishing the feel of her hot, wet pussy sliding up and down my tool, but I was also appreciating the opportunity to get my hands on such a nice set of tits. A few more people came and went as she rode me harder and faster while I played with her tits, fortunately none sticking around for too long. I could feel her pussy becoming even more engorged around my throbbing cock so I wasn't surprised when she pulled her mouth from mine again and gasped, cumming again. My own orgasm was getting closer and closer, though I endeavored to delay it because I was so enjoying our secret tryst.

"I want you to cum in my mouth," she whispered once she'd finished cumming, "so I'm not dripping for the rest of the day."

"Any time you're ready," I told her, deciding that I no problem enjoying a blowjob for as long as it took to finish up. She rode me for a few minutes longer, apparently reluctant to quit, but finally stood, my cock slipping out of her but still standing rigid in my lap. We switched places and, sitting on the toilet I'd vacated, she took my cock in her hand and pumped it before wrapping her lips around it. It was my turn to moan as my cock was engulfed in her warm, wet mouth. She gently pumped the base in one hand while cupping my balls in the other as her head bobbed up and down. I ran my fingers through her thick, dark brown hair and just relished the feel of her mouth sliding up and down my cock.

Her skills were immediately apparent and it was obvious that we wouldn't be hanging around that men's room for much longer. It felt like she was putting the effort into drawing out the pleasure that I was feeling, though, which I certainly appreciated. It wasn't long enough, however, before I could feel my orgasm drawing near and my cock began to swell in anticipation. Stacey just kept going, though, providing me with the ultimate pleasure right up to the moment that I exploded into her mouth with a grunt. She swallowed my load and continued to milk every drop of cum out of me until I was completely spent.

I leaned against the door once she let my cock fall from her mouth. Feeling her shorts and panties on my shoulder, I took them down and handed them to her. She helped me get my jeans and underwear back up to where I could reach them before starting to slip into her panties and shorts. I got my softening cock tucked away and closed up my jeans then she stood to pull her shorts and panties the rest of the way up.

"I hope this won't be my last opportunity to do this," I said as I slipped my hand into her shorts before she got them closed up. I kissed her neck as I caressed the front of her panties.

"Yeah, I definitely think this is just the beginning," she replied, moaning softly.

At that point, another patron entered the men's room and probably could easily have seen four feet below the stall door if he'd looked. We quietly made sure that we were each presentable and, almost immediately after he walked out, I followed and confirmed that no one else was around. I called for Stacey to hurry out and, as I watched her coming toward me, I wanted to kiss her again. She must have had the same idea, because we made out again briefly outside the restrooms before heading back upstairs. We exchanged contact information and I was soon back with my friends, explaining that I'd just lost track of time after bumping into an old friend coming out of the restroom.