 It was a Thursday night, Janessa just closed down the store at about 10 after 9, when the last customer left. It wasn't that busy but you always get the last minute customers who "know you're closing" but will only be "a few minutes". That always irked Janessa. She was working alone tonight, as usual. That happened quite a bit. She was at the counter getting the deposit ready for Angela, since they both closed alone that night; they had to walk down to the drop box together. It was company policy. She knew she'd be there any time. Angela came at about 20 after 9.

On the way down to the Food Court where the drop box was located, Angela asked, "So, how was business tonight?"

Janessa replied, "Ahhh, you know, same old shit...just a different fuckin' day." She sighed. "I hate people," she muttered. She was becoming very impatient with her job. In fact, you could say she hated it. She was in the process of finding a new job and not having very good luck, as usual. They walked back; Angela got into her silver Honda and drove off while Janessa headed back inside to finish up the night's closing paperwork.

Janessa was an average girl. 5'8", not skinny but not fat-just right you could say. Although she insisted she needed to lose weight. Just a little she would say. Her best feature was her lips. They were full, pouty, and sexy. She wore a 38 D-cup. She was blessed, she would tell her friends and boyfriend. That would be her second best feature. Although any guy would say that would be her first. She had big brown eyes, shoulder length, layered dark brown hair. She always put it up while working. She was wearing a blue plaid skirt she had bought at her store, a black fitted tee that showed her curves, and black strappy sandals. It was towards the end of October, but it was very warm out, which was unusual for New York.

Janessa was just getting done at the counter when she heard a loud banging on the doors. Her heart went up into her throat and she jumped. She looked and saw that it was her boyfriend, Drew. She walked up to the doors, unlocked them, and let him inside. As soon as he stepped one foot in the door, she gave him a good punch in the arm.

"You're an ass!! You scared the shit outta me!!" she exclaimed. He just looked at her and pouted and then started laughing. He grabbed her around the waist and gave her a quick kiss on the side of her neck. She threw her arms around his neck.

"Hey baby. Are you almost done in here?" he asked.

"I have just one more thing to do," she told him. Janessa's Mustang had been getting fixed, so Drew was picking her up. They've been friends for a couple years and started dating just a few months ago.

Every time Janessa saw him her heart skipped a beat. He had short black hair; and very dark brown eyes. He was about 5'11", very close to six foot. Her Italian Stallion, she'd call him. She always liked the tall, dark, and handsome ones. Doesn't every girl? She loved the way his tribal tattoo wrapped around his bulging bicep. He wore contacts, but Janessa always begs him to wear his glasses around her, so he does. She has a thing for guys with glasses. She insists that it's "sooo hot." Tonight he had them on. He wore jeans that fit his ass just so right it made her lick her lips. He had a white tee on that showed off his muscles - and his tattoo - just right. His shoes were.... Fuck shoes, she thought. He looks so fuckin good, I wanna fog up those glasses of his...She grinned.

He was looking around the store while she was finishing. She walked up behind him and gripped his ass, which would be her favorite part of him.

"I'm done," she said in his ear. "I just have to go out back and get my shit."

They got to the back of the store and he couldn't help himself. He grabbed her and pushed her against the wall. He pinned her arms up and started kissing her neck while his free hand was sliding up the inside of her thigh. She started giggling.

"Drew! I have to clock out! How am I going to explain the 2 hours of overtime to Tammy?" She laughed.

"Awww, come on," he said.

"Just wait," she ordered him.

She pushed him playfully back a step. She came back out a minute later. Drew was leaning against a fitting room door waiting for her.

"You forgot to turn the music off," he told her.

She didn't say anything. She stared at him and bit her lip. She threw her purse down.

"Whaa--," he was interrupted as Janessa grabbed him and started kissing him. He stumbled back a little.

"Whoa Nessy, you caught me off guard," he said grinning. "I likeee."

She looked at him and whispered, "Shut up and kiss me."

No arguing there. As they were passionately kissing, Janessa got a key out of her little pocket of her skirt.

"What are you doin'?" Drew asked.

"Nothing," she replied.

She unlocked a fitting room; the handicapped one. It had a big seat in it, and railings. She pushed him in and sat him down. There was only one light in the room. The other one had blown. She hadn't got around to replacing it. It was a little dim in there. Perfect, she thought. When she was out back earlier, she had put in one of her CD's with her favorite song that she likes to dance to, "Skillz". It was playing softly throughout the store. She started dancing slowly for Drew. She had been taking one of those new stripper-cise classes without him knowing. She was doing a figure eight with her hips, going all the way down to the floor and coming back up with her ass sticking out, rubbing against his legs. He sat there and enjoyed himself. He went to touch her ass and she waved a finger at him.

"No, no, no. Not yet," she smirked.

She continued dancing for him. She gave him a lap dance and grinded her ass into the bulge in his pants. She turned around and straddled him and kissed him softly and bit his lip. He reached up her skirt and grabbed onto her ass.

He was loving it. He started moaning. She stopped and stood up. She wasn't done yet. She was going to give him a little striptease. First, she reached up her skirt and slid off her skimpy, black lace thong and playfully threw them at Drew. Then she pulled off her top revealing an equally skimpy, black lace bra. Her breasts were all but spilling out. She kept her skirt and bra on. She went up to him, still sitting down, and put one leg up next to him on the seat. He wanted to have his way with her so bad, but he was trying to keep control. She ran her hand up her thigh and under her skirt and started to rub herself. She moaned and threw her head back. She was pretty confident that it would make him go crazy. Sure enough, by now, Drew couldn't take it anymore. He was hard as a rock. That had done it right there. He reached up and took over. He had to feel her pussy. She was very wet by now. He started to rub her clit and kiss the inside of her thighs. She was really getting into it. Suddenly he stopped.

"Ha! How do you like being teased?" he laughed.

"Oh, but I do," she smiled.

Janessa ripped his shirt off him and pushed him down onto his back and straddled him. She started sucking and nibbling on his ear. She moved down to his neck, then chest. She licked his nipples and played with his nipple rings. She undid his belt and whipped it off him. She unbuttoned his jeans with her teeth. She was running her tongue back and forth right below his belly button. She stood up and pulled his pants off him. She started pulling down his boxers, and said,

"Oooh, you trimmed up for me, huh?"

He looked down at her and smiled. She pulled his boxers the rest of the way off him and grabbed onto his dick. She started licking from the bottom all the way up to the head. She ran her tongue along the ridge of his head, flicking her tongue over it and sucking it. She heard him moan her name and grabbed his hand to put it on the top of her head. She slowly took all of his 9 ½ inches into her mouth. Drew had his fingers through her hair, pulling on it. He knew she liked that. She continued deep-throating him. Whenever she gave him head it made her extremely horny. She couldn't help it; she took her free hand and started rubbing herself. She moaned loudly. The vibrations on his cock felt wonderful. Drew looked down to see what she was doing and he almost lost it. He started bucking his hips up. She could tell he was getting close, so she stopped.

"Oh my God, don't stopppp," he begged.

"Mmm...you taste good," she licked her lips and smiled.

It was his turn, he decided. He wasted no time at all. Drew stood up and made her lay down. He grabbed her hips and pulled her closer to the edge. He hovered over her and started nibbling on her neck as his hand went between her legs, teasing her. She was sopping wet. She let out a loud moan and her legs opened farther for him. She wrapped her legs around him.

"This needs to come off," he told her.

He took her bra off and threw it on the floor. He gave her a passionate kiss as he played with her breasts and pinched her nipples. He started kissing her breasts then took a nipple in his mouth and flicked his tongue over it. He then took it in his mouth and sucked hard on it. She moaned even louder than before. I know her weakness too, he thought, smiling. She started pushing his head down south. She was getting antsy.

"Ok, ok," he laughed.

He got on his knees on the floor of the fitting room and pulled her closer to him. He kissed her legs and made his way up to her thighs. He kissed and licked the inside of them and moved closer to her dripping pussy. He was taking his time now. She was grabbing his hair and moving closer to his mouth. She wanted it so bad. He eventually made his way there. He thought she'd come even before he started. He licked her lips a little, and then started sucking on them. Then he thrust his tongue inside her. It surprised her and she arched her back and moaned. She spread her legs as far as she could, and was moving her hips as if she was riding his tongue. At the same time, he was rubbing her clit and she was rubbing and pinching her nipples. She was in heaven. She was getting louder by the second. He knew she was on the verge. He stopped, gave it a kiss and stood up. She looked at him like he had three heads.

"Why the fuck are you stopping?" she asked, out of breath.

"Cuz I can," he said smiling. He stared at her for a few seconds. "Oh, don't give me your crap, Nessy. You did it to me too!" he laughed.

"Ok, you're right," she giggled.

He sat down next to her. She immediately jumped on him and straddled him.

"I have to have you inside me. Right NOW!" she demanded.

She started kissing him and rubbing her wet pussy over the tip of his dick. He grabbed onto her tight ass.

"Whatever you want, baby," he whispered.

She slid onto his dick and let out a sigh of relief. Her pussy was aching for him. God, he's so big, she thought. He was her first and only. In time she got used to his big size. She was scared to death the first time they had sex. She was so wet, he slid in easily. She grabbed his back and dug into him as she rode his dick. He had his hands over her breasts and was biting her nipples. They moaned together, getting louder by the minute. She got up and turned around and sat on his dick so he could get the view every man loves. She arched her back and threw her head back so he could pull her hair. He moved her down on the floor and got behind her. There was a huge mirror in that fitting room. That was his favorite part. He could watch himself and her. He entered her from behind, slowly at first. Then she yelled,

"Faster! Harder! NOW!"

He grabbed her hips and slammed her onto his dick. Over and over. He grabbed onto her breasts and bit her back. She yelped in pleasure. Then he flipped her over onto her back and threw her legs up on his shoulders. He lifted her ass up and thrust into her. She told him she was almost coming. He slowed way down. She wrapped her legs around him and squeezed all of her muscles. He liked that. She loved it slow. He was fucking her so slowly she thought she'd die of pleasure. What a way to go, though, huh? she thought. He kept going...all the way in...slowly...and back out. Again and again. She told him to go faster. He did. They were both moaning, practically yelling. They were drenched in sweat. It dripped off him onto her breasts. She started shaking and let out a loud moan.

"Fuck!!" she yelled.

He smiled and kept going. He went even harder. She came three more times. Then finally he came. He thought it was the biggest load ever. He came inside her. He stayed inside for her for a moment. They were both quiet, in their own little orgasmic worlds.

She put her arms around him and kissed him. He pulled out of her. They got up.

"That was fucking great. Just what I needed after a shitty day of work," she smiled.

He grinned. "Your store is blessed now."

He busted out laughing. She laughed and snorted which made them laugh even more. They got cleaned up and dressed, and Janessa turned everything off. They walked out of the store at almost midnight. It was pitch black. No lights at the mall were on anymore. He put his arm around her waist as they walked out to his black Eclipse.

"Ya know what?" Janessa was smiling. "Maybe retail isn't so bad after all..."