 The phone rang and Karen quickly reached to answer it without thinking about asking her two partners to be quiet.

"Hello."

"Hi honey, sorry for calling so late, but wanted to let you know I should be getting home around 9 am tomorrow."

Karen started to talk, but then Jon said "I can't hear you Karen, it seems there is a lot of noise on this line."

"Jon, I'm busy entertaining two guys right now, see you in the morning."

(A week earlier)

Karen's husband returned from his business trip in China a week early; and surprised her in bed with Heidi. Karen acted quickly, pulling his zipper down and discovered that Jon must have recently fucked another woman, which Karen made him clearly aware of. Karen decided to invite him to a threesome. Jon decided to join the two women in bed.

Jon quickly pulled his clothes off. He looked at his lovely young wife and the older woman lay naked next to her. The smell of sex was heavy in the air since he walked in the house. He just figured his wife had been fucking another guy. A gal, and she inviting him after figuring out he had been cheating too, it was every man's dream.

He had seen his neighbor several times over the last three years. She looked so soft and curvy in bed, not like he thought an older woman would be. Jon had never slept with any woman older than 30. He was not sure what exactly to do. So he decided to try to get between the two ladies, and lay on his back. The both crawled up him, and he began to kiss each of them in turn, while their hands and fingers began to explore and tease his body.

Jon continued to lie there, and Heidi decided to sit on his face, while she motioned Karen to mount him cowgirl style. They then proceeded to fuck his face and cock for the next ten minutes, both cumming to a satisfying climax and Jon not cumming. The Jon moved on top of Heidi and entered her missionary style, and began to stroke in and out of her slowly. This continued on for about another hour, when all three were getting tired. Karen and Heidi then jointly blew Jon and he came all over their faces.

After Heidi got dressed and left Karen's home; Jon and Karen lay in bed talking about things.

"So how many lovers have you had in our bed since I have been traveling to China?"

"And you have the nerve to ask me that after coming home smelling of sex?"

"It was a moment of weakness, it only happened once, on the flight home earlier today."

"It's only happened once?"

"Yes."

"Liar, you came home after the last trip smelling the same. I surprised you at the front door and I almost gagged putting it in my mouth, smelling and tasting that woman."

"You never said anything. I washed myself off in the airplane's lavatory."

"You did not clean up very well, probably only washed part of yourself, her smell was all over your body and the inside of your underwear."

"OK, so I have been weak twice in our marriage."

"Yea, sure. And pigs fly. How many women have you had since traveling to China?"

"I asked you that first. OK, are you ready to tell the truth now?"

"Yes; but you first."

"I've been with about a dozen women while I've been traveling there. And I got lucky on the last trip, got to join the mile high club. And she happened to tell her good friend -- another flight attendant, who just joined the club on today's flight."

"Well congratulation stud, you win a big prize. Perhaps I will pin it on your groin."

"I was not bragging, just answering your question factually. OK, now it is your turn to confess."

"Have you been with any men?"

"I'm not gay, or at least not as gay as you."

"What does that mean? Fess up; have you been with any men, or with a couple?"

"I've been with two couples."

"And he touched you?"

"Yes, with both couples."

"And you played a little with him?"

"Yes, both times."

"Any other confessions you want to make?

"So about 15 or so persons -- women I mean; l have always been with at least a woman present and participating. Except for the two couples, only been with a woman one on one. Absolutely no one-on-one with any guy."

"OK, I think you might be telling the truth. I did not realize you leaned that way."

"The secrets between a husband and wife. OK, I have not been truthful yet tonight to you, my love, and so now it is time for me to tell me about my lovers."

Jon was quiet, waiting for Karen to speak.

"OK, Heidi was only the third person I have shared our bed with."

"And the other two?"

"Well one is you, stupid."

"Oh. Who is the other person? Man or woman?"

"Well the other person is Heidi's husband Fred."

"Have you been with both of them at the same time?"

"No silly, only one-on-one, and Heidi and I just started to play four days ago."

"And her husband?"

"That started after the lawn mower conked out, a couple months ago. It seemed to be the right thing to do since he was cutting our lawn and using his gas."

"So you are only worth about $20 for sex?"

"Well you won't find anyone around here willing to cut our grass for less than $40 a pop. Besides, you were gone and I was lonely, and you know how I go for older men."

"Are you going to keep playing with our next store neighbors?"

"Are you going to continue playing when you are traveling?"

Karen looked at Jon, and Jon looked at Karen, for a while. They both realized that when they are apart, that this kind of arrangement made sense. They also agreed that when they were together, they would only play with each other.

During the next week during Jon's stay, they spent a great amount of time in the bedroom. And Karen made sure that the drapes were partially open, and at night, that the bathroom light provided enough illumination for the Taylors to watch her and her husband.

Jon left to a tearful goodbye, with Karen asking him to wear a rubber if he met anyone he really did not know. Heidi was over in about ten minutes, and Karen explained what went on after she had left the threesome. Heidi began to kiss Karen, and she returned the kisses.

During the next week, Karen would play with Heidi and then a couple days later play with Fred, then ended up with Heidi. While they were lying in bed after a long session, Karen asked Heidi if she knew of any handymen that would be available for odd jobs fixing things up around the house.

"Is Fred too expensive for your tastes?"

"I'm afraid that Fred working around the house would be too big a temptation for me, and he would not get too much done."

"Well I could ask Fred to talk to his buddies he plays cards at the senior center. Some of the boys are retired electricians, plumbers and mechanics and probably would love a chance to make some pocket money. That is, assuming that you were planning to pay them in that way."

"I guess it just depends upon how good a shape they might be in, and whether or not there is a chemistry between us."

"OK, make me a list of things that you need done around the house done, and I will ask Fred to talk to his poker buddies."

"Thanks."

(A few days later)

Karen opened the door to the older man.

"Hi, my name is Ray Mann, and Fred Taylor mentioned to me that you needed someone to check out your furnace before winter comes. I'm a retired HVAC technician and can go downstairs and make sure it is in good shape."

"Come on it, Mr. Mann. Let me show you where the basement door is."

Karen showed Mr. Mann through the kitchen to the entrance to the basement, and the old man went down the stairs after turning on the lights. She heard him whistling as he went down the stairs. She could hear him rustling around downstairs and let him work.

After about 15 minutes, she started to go downstairs, but stopped and hollered, "Are you OK? Do you need anything?"

"Mrs. Jones, I'm almost done. I replaced your air filter and I'm checking a few things, but it is looking pretty good. Fred said that you make a great brew of ice tea; that would be nice to wet my whistle after I get done."

"OK."

Karen went back to the kitchen and prepared her now famous long island ice tea. I wonder if Fred told Ray anything else.

"Mrs. Jones, would you bring the ice tea down here, I want to show you something."

Karen grabbed the glass of tea, and walked down the stairs. As she turned into the room with the furnace, she immediately saw Mr. Mann standing there with no pants or underwear on. Mr. Mann took the glass of ice tea and gulped about half of it down his throat.

"That tastes great, and I hope you like what you see Mrs. Jones. I don't really need to be paid for my short amount of work, but if you want to make a small contribution to the fantasies of an old man, one would be greatly appreciated and I promise you a great time."

Karen began to take off her clothes. "What would be your favorite fantasy that you wish a young woman like me to fulfill?"

"How about you kneeling in front of me, and making my soft dick come alive again."

"Sounds like a plan," as Karen got in front of him and licked her licks. After about ten minutes of intense sucking, Ray drained himself deep into Karen's throat. Ray then took Karen by the hand, took her up the steps to her bedroom, and got between her legs. Karen lost count how many times she climaxed.

Over the next two weeks, Karen got a number of things repaired, cleaned up, checked and rechecked, while getting a generous oil and lube job in return. Almost every day, one of the guys came over from the senior center. And everyday, that same fellow left with a big smile on his face and Karen had one too. And another man showed up at 10 am the next day.

Thinking about the list she gave to Heidi, she realized that there was probably only one thing left to do -- clean out the leaves in the gutters. That would require someone to climb the ladder. Karen heard the doorbell, and opened the front door to two older gentlemen.

"Hello Mrs. Jones, we are Greg and Lewis, and we have come over to clean out your gutters. We still drive, and brought over several ladders from the senior center, so we will get to work. It probably will take a few hours to complete, and we won't bother you until we are done."

The two men went back to their truck, and go a big ladder out of the back. They carried it to the front of her house. Karen went back into the house to finish the laundry.

Around lunch time, Karen stepped outside into the backyard and asked Greg and Lewis if they wanted something to eat. They said that they would rather finish what they were doing, and would love to have some ice tea and a sandwich afterward. Karen went back inside.

The doorbell rang, and Karen let Greg and Lewis inside. She asked them to follow her into the kitchen, and then they both asked to use her bathroom to clean up a little. They both went into the bathroom, which Karen thought was rather strange. They returned to the kitchen, and Karen handed them each a glass of their long island ice tea, which they promptly drank down in one gulp. 

She asked them if they wanted some more, and Greg merely responded "of course" and went to his knees in front of Lewis' crotch. Karen watched as Greg unzipped his friend and reached inside the underwear. Karen had never seen two men play with each other except in videos.

Karen found that she was really turned on. She asked them to move to her bedroom, and Karen and the guys got completely undressed. After Lewis had sucked Greg to a climax, which he shared with Karen, he watched Lewis get on top of Greg and enter his asshole. Karen enjoyed anal sex with lots of lubrication, but she had never seen anyone just push it in someone's ass, not even in videos. Karen whispered something in Lewis' ear, and he pulled out and told Greg to turn onto his back. Karen then got up him, and positioned his dick to enter into her cunt. After riding him a few minutes, she stopped to allow Lewis to enter her ass. It hurt a little, but Karen soon became comfortable, and the two began to get into an easy motion, double fucking her.

Then the phone rang.

Karen quickly reached for the ringing phone, while Greg and Lewis continued moving up and down in the sandwich with her being the middle. Her husband Jon could hear the two men playing with his wife.

Jon smiled, relayed to his wife that he would be home tomorrow morning, and then turned to the woman who lay next to him on the bed and tickled her. Karen heard the sound and wished her husband good luck.