 It was the end of the week and it had been a rough one. Only another month until I retired and I was really looking forward to it. I had just gotten home and was getting the mail when my neighbor, Susan, pulled into her drive across the street. She was a realtor and apparently did really well for herself based on the quality of her clothes and the Lexus she drove. She had listed my townhouse and it had sold quickly for my asking price. She got out of the car and waved and started to walk towards me. 

"Hi Tom, how ya doing? Getting your stuff all packed to move out?" 

"Hey Susan, yup only the basic essentials left in the house. Next week I pick up the RV I bought so I can begin my retirement fishing trip." 

"I envy you. Only about 10 more years before I can consider retirement. What you doing tonight, anything?" 

This surprised me because she usually works evenings and weekends showing houses and having open houses, but never one to pass up the opportunity to spend some time with an attractive, er beautiful women in her mid 40's, I simply indicated that I was going to have some bourbon, grill a steak, bake a potato, and fix a salad. 

"Is that steak big enough for two?" 

"It sure is, why don't you join me for dinner?" 

"Great, thanks. Let me go home and get out of this dress and into something more casual. I'll be over in a few minutes." 

"OK, what do you drink?" 

"I'll drink bourbon with you, if that's alright." 

"See you in a few, just walk in when you get here. I'll be out back starting the grill and pouring the bourbon." 

Well, this is certainly different. We have lived across the street from each other for over 10 years and probably had not talked a dozen times until I asked her to list my house. Susan is mid 40's, about five and a half feet tall, 120#, never married, fine ass, and a nice shape. All kinds of thoughts were going thru my mind as I began to prepare dinner, most of them with Susan naked. 

Me, I am 55, little over 6 foot, balding, have a bit of a pot belly, hair on my chest and back. Not a leading man type of guy. I spent my career traveling the world, doing consulting engineering work at power plants. Not much time for developing any kind of a relationship and had never married. No kids, that I knew of. 

"Hey, what ya dreaming about?" 

I hadn't heard her come in and when I looked up my mouth damned near hit the floor. She was wearing a pair of yoga pants, a loose blouse that was open enough to show a generous amount of cleavage and it was evident she wasn't wearing a bra. What fine boobs! 

"Oh, just thinking about the next few weeks, but you've definitely taken my mind off that. Wow, you are beautiful." 

"Why thank you. How 'bout that bourbon you promised me?" 

"Coming right up. Ice, mix, water?" 

"Just ice, thanks." 

I poured each of us some Eagle Rare over a couple of ice cubes and handed her the drink. Holding up my glass, "To a great evening" 

"I think we'll both enjoy this evening," as she smiled and winked at me as we clinked glasses. Down boy! 

"Have a seat, it'll be awhile before I put the steak on." 

We talked about the weather, the closing on my house, my retirement, answered questions about our lives, work, interest etc. It was a warm comfortable evening and the bourbon was working its magic. I poured us each a second drink and as I gave her hers, she looked up at me with that sexy smile and said, 

"I've been thinking about you most of the day." 

"You have, why?" 

"I woke up horny this morning, which is very rare for me. I thought it would go away, but by noon I was getting hornier and started thinking about you. I decided to cancel my evening appointments and came home hoping to find you home. I want you to fuck my brains out tonight." 

I spilled my bourbon and just stared at Susan with all these crazy thoughts going thru my mind when I finally said, "Errrr, ok. Shall we start now?" 

"Let's finish our bourbon and dinner and then let the evening progress." 

I quickly poured myself another bourbon, three fingers worth, and returned to the deck. We continued to chat, but the conversation now included more and more sexual innuendo. She moved over to sit next to me all the while giving me ample opportunities to look at her breast and ass. 

At one point she looked me right in the eye and asked, "Do you like my boobs, you're looking at them a lot." Busted, but I replied, "They're beautiful, but I'll like them better when I have them in my hands and mouth." Even her laugh was sexy. I put the steak on the grill, poured us another bourbon, put on a little soft jazz and while the steak was cooking, I pulled her into my arms. We kissed, exploring each others tongues, our groins rubbing together, my hands cupping her ass. As I did that she moaned a little and said, "That steak better get done soon or it won't get eaten." 

We finished dinner, poured another bourbon, and carried the dishes into the house. As we set the dishes on the counter I turned to look at Susan. She was leaning against the island and had unbuttoned another button on her blouse. I reached over and said, "Here, let me help you with that." She smiled and giggled as I took her blouse off and cupped her boobs as I kissed her. Her knee came up between my legs, her arms around my neck and simply started moaning as I rolled her nipples, sucked on them, kissed them and then started kissing her neck and ear. 

"Ahhhhhhh, that's so good, I need more, don't stop what you're doing, suck my tits, lick them, pinch, pull my nipples, oooooooohhhhhhhhh fuckkkkkk, so good, so good, oh shit." 

She reached down to open my pants but just started rubbing my cock thru my jeans, all the while telling me what she was going to do to me. I picked her up, set her on the island and pulled her yoga pants off to find a very tiny thong covering a very bare pussy that was dripping with her juices. I pulled them off as we kissed more, and then I began trailing kisses over her tits, down her stomach, and to that beautiful pussy. I looked up at her and as our eyes met, she smiled and laughed and moaned as I drove two of my fingers deep into her pussy. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, fuck, so good, EAT ME now." 

I attacked her pussy with my fingers as my tongue found her clit. I sucked, licked, finger fucked her. Laughing, giggling, moaning, she started humping my face and fingers. I sat down on the stool at the island, put her legs over my shoulders and dove in. "Ahhhhhhh fuck, I am going to cum hard, fucking train wreck in the mak... " Her body was jerking, she was humping me hard, her hands were pulling my face tight against her pussy and then she went stiff, legs straight out, thighs tight against my ears, ass humped in the air and a moan escaped her lips as she came. I slowed down to let her ride out the pleasure and as she started coming down from her climax, I went right back at it taking her higher and higher and off she went yelling "ffffuuuuuccccckkkkkk goooooooooooood, oooohhhhhhh ssshhhiiiittttt." She was sweating hard, her fluids were leaking down her ass, her breath coming in gulps and then she started to laugh and giggle again. I stood up and kissed her as hard as I could and held her tight feeling her tits against my chest. 

"Shit that was good, I really needed that, but you still have to fuck my brains out and I want to see your cock, suck it and ride it hard, so get your clothes off while I catch my breath." 

I ripped my clothes off. My cock was as stiff as I have ever known it to be. As we headed to the bedroom, I grabbed a couple bottles of water for us to drink. As we left the kitchen I started laughing at the thought I had. Susan said, "What?" 

"I was wondering what the new owners would say if they knew your ass print was on the granite and your juice was spread all over the top of the island. I may not clean the island before I move out." 

She just smacked my arm and reached for my cock to drag me into the bedroom. As we entered the bedroom, Susan dropped to her knees, grabbed my cock and said, "Beautiful, beautiful, so big and hard" as she stroked it with her hands and rubbed my pre-cum on her face and tits. She looked up at me, our eyes locked, she smiled, kept looking at me and devoured my cock. 

"Oh shit, is that good. Make me ...ooooooo is that good." 

She knew what she was doing, hands, lips, tongue all working their magic on my cock and balls. I had never experienced a blow job like this, it was amazing. She kept taking me deeper and deeper, and I was getting closer to erupting. She reached around behind me and started fingering my ass, I tried to think, to hold off. My legs were shaking, my hands were on her shoulders to steady myself. Suddenly it started, my balls were churning, I could feel it coming and suddenly a finger was in my ass as she took my cock down her throat and I blew. Juice was flying out of me, I looked down and she was looking at me, spurt after spurt poured down her throat. I fell back on the bed sweating, breathing hard, trying to get my mind around what had just happened. Fuck was all I could think and finally it began to sink into my very slow brain that I had never experienced such enjoyable sex before. 

Susan climbed up on me and kissed me hard, causing me to taste my own cum for the first time. As we broke apart she rolled off of me, we looked at each other and started laughing. We held each other and just kept laughing and looking into each others eyes. 

"If I'm going to fuck your brains out, I'm going to need some recover time. Us old men are not like 20 year olds with 30 second recovery time." Susan just smiled and giggled again. Damn, I like a women that laughs and smiles all thru a good round of sex. It makes it so much more fun. 

We laid in bed talking about nothing and she continued to work to get me hard again. Fortunately, she was successful and as she climbed back on top of me she smiled and said, "Let me do the work." She slowly lowered herself down my shaft, her head thrown back enjoying the sensations she was giving herself. She leaned forward, kissed me and said, "Play with my tits, suck and pull them while we fuck." She started to bounce and I started to suck. She began to make noises of pleasure as she did short strokes and then long strokes. I reached down to play with her clit as she stroked. The closer she got to cuming, the faster she bounced, and the louder her moans became until finally she went rigid and seemed to freeze in place as she rode thru her peak. Before she finished, I started pumping up into her and sent her right back to where ever she went when she came. A few more pumps and I erupted, filling her pussy with my juice. Susan collapsed on me and lay there catching her breath and letting her body slow down. She was covered in sweat as was I. After a bit, she rolled off me and we curled together and enjoyed the feel of bare skin against bare skin. I had started to fall asleep when she suddenly sat up and jumped out of bed. 

"I have showings tomorrow, so I better get home so I can clean up and go to work in the morning." She kissed me, held up her thong saying, "Want these?" 

I said, "Yup." She threw them at me, scrambled into her clothes, kissed me and left saying, "See ya soon." 

The end of the month finally arrived. I had cleaned up my office, turned over my work to the individual that was taking over for me. I spent the week saying good bye to many co-workers and finally this morning I spent some time with those I had worked the most with. There were some hugs and laughs, but everyone was busy and needed to get back to work. At noon I said my final good bye to my office mates, climbed into the truck and left without ever looking in the rear view mirror. I was finally retired and looking forward to my long planned fishing trip. A few days ago, Susan had texted me, inviting me to dinner and whatever tonight if I did not have any plans. I liked the sound of whatever and gladly accepted. She was making lasagna. It was the first week of May and the temperatures were surprisingly warm. I arrived a few minutes early and was greeted at the door by a beautiful vision, dressed in a short skirt, loose blouse, spiked heels and with that gorgeous smile. She wrapped her arms around my neck and planted a passionate kiss on me. When we separated, she said, "Hey, glad you could come tonight. It's going to be a special night." I'm sure my eyes got big as I smiled and shook my head. 

"Bourbon is out on the deck, Makers Mark ok?" 

"Sounds good to me." 

"Good, go on out and I'll bring out some snacks to tide us over til dinner is ready." 

A few minutes later, I was sitting down when Susan carried out a tray with some snacks. She very artfully bent over at the waist so her skirt rode up her legs, not quite to her ass. I could not resist and ran my hand up the inside of her thighs, she looked over her shoulder, smiled, giggled and said, "Like that do you?" 

"Of course" I responded. "It sounded like you did too." 

"Oh ya." 

She turned around and bent over to kiss me and just waited until I was done looking down her blouse at her breasts before kissing me. 

She said, "We are going to have fun again tonight." 

"Oh ya!" 

She sat down across from me, crossed her legs with the shoe dangling from her toes. She sure knows how to get a man excited. We talked more about my itinerary and I told her my general plan, some time in Michigan on the AuSable, then head west towards Montana, up to Alaska for August, back down to Montana, a side trip to Vegas (I had never been there) and then south to Texas, New Orleans and down to Key West, all well known fly fishing destinations. I explained that beyond that was undetermined. During this discussion, she kept flashing her panties at me, playing with the buttons on her blouse and just generally distracting me all the while smiling and giggling. Damn she is sexy! 

Finally the timer went off and she excused herself to get dinner. The lasagna, salad, bread, and wine were delicious as was the view across the table. We carried the dirty plates into the house and as she bent over to load the dish washer, I ran my hand up her legs, cupped her breasts with my other hand and pressed my stiffening member into her backside. All this elicited a moan of pleasure from Susan. 

"Follow me." She led me into her bedroom, turned, thru her arms around my neck and gave me a toe curling kiss that stiffened me right up. 

"Tonight, I want to be made love to, not a fast fuck like last time. I want to kiss, be undressed, held, caressed, touched and pleasured. No rushing, slow and easy. Is that OK with you?" 

What was I going to say, of course it was alright with me. I turned her around, put my arms around her belly and began to kiss her ears and neck. "Hmmmmmm" was all she said. 

"Do you have a full length mirror?" 

"Behind the door, why?" 

I reached over, closed the door, placed her in front of the mirror and said, "I want you to watch me undress you as well as experience me undressing you. In addition, I'm going to whisper in your ear exactly what I'm going to do so you can anticipate it as well. Your'e not allowed to close your eyes, and must let your arms simply hang unless I ask you to do something. Ok?" 

"Yup." 

I stepped behind her and started kissing her neck and ears. I whispered "I'm going to start to simply and lightly rub my hands over your clothes and body and continue to kiss your neck and ears." I began with her neck and shoulders, then let my hands slowly move down over her breasts, across her belly, down the front of her legs to her knees back up the back of her legs, over her cheeks of her ass, up her back, around her neck, down under her shirt to the top of her breast, then back up over her lips, chin, cheeks, temples. The entire time I was kissing her neck and licking her ears. Her ohs, and ahs were intoxicating. 

"Now i'm going to take your blouse off." 

While continuing to kiss her neck, I slowly began unbuttoning her blouse. When it was completely unbuttoned, I stepped back and took my own shirt off. I ran my hands over her breast and felt the nipples hardened. I looked up and saw her eyes closed, "Keep your eyes open or I stop." She immediately opened her eyes and giggled a little bit. Now I stepped back and slowly pulled her blouse back off her shoulders and down her arms. Her breast were beautiful, firm, not too big nor too small. The nipples were hard, pink and ready. 

"I'm going to cup your breast, pinch, pull and roll your nipples. I am going to bite, lick and suck them." 

With that, I did exactly as I said, but very slowly and lightly, sometimes just using my fingertips, other times using just the palms of my hands and all the while kissing her neck and licking her ear. As I pinched and rolled her nipples, rubbing my palms lightly over them I felt them hardened and grow bigger. She started to moan, I looked up and saw her eyes closed, I immediately pulled my hands away, her eyes flew open and a little giggle escaped her mouth. Kissing down her neck, across her shoulders and down to the slope of her breast across to the other one. I was also lightly rubbing her neck and ear with a finger. I licked her breast, then licked and sucked on both spending time equally on both. I returned to kissing her neck and let my fingers and hand explore more. "OHHHHH, that feels so good. Ahhhhhhhh, mmmmmmmmm." 

"Now the skirt, when I get to your ankles, I want you to step out of your shoes and skirt." 

I reached down, unzipped her skirt and slowly lowered it down her legs, my fingers and hands just barely touching her legs. I looked up, her eyes were watching me intently. When the skirt reached her ankles, she lifted each foot and let me take her shoes off and slip off her skirt. I slowly let my fingers ride up the insides of her legs. After standing back up, I took off my own pants and shoes. Now we were both in our underwear. She was wearing a pair of black lacy panties that were looking wet. I returned to kissing her neck and whispered, 

"Put your hands behind you and check me out without reaching inside my shorts." 

She kept her eyes on mine in the mirror and reached behind to cup my balls and slowly stroke my cock. I reached around and continued to play with her nipples while my other hand worked its way down to her vaginal lips. I slowly and lightly rubbed her pussy thru her soaked panties. One hand on her pussy, the other playing with her breasts. Her moans went up a level in intensity. I checked to assure that her eyes were still open, they were. I continued to kiss her neck, lick and nibble her ear. 

I removed her hands from my underwear and placed them at her sides and whispered in her ear, "Now's time to take your panties off. Again, when they get to the floor lift each foot so I can completely remove them." 

I slowly slid her panties down her legs. I noticed that her breathing was becoming a little ragged and her juices were slowly running down the inside of her thighs. When the panties reached her ankles, she lifted her feet and I removed them completely. I put them to my nose and inhaled deeply. "Ah." I slowly kissed and licked my way up her leg, careful not to touch her pussy or clit, and then back down her other leg. Her scent was intoxicating. I stood up and pulled my shorts off. Now we were both naked. I pressed my cock against her ass, and kissed her some more. Her moans increasing in intensity, but her eyes still watching me. My hands went around her and slowly cupped and rubbed her breasts. Then slowly down over her belly. I cupped her mound and she erupted in a shattering orgasm. I held her to keep her from falling and laid her back on the bed. I lay down next to her and held her close all the time kissing her neck and ears. I brushed her hair back out of her eyes, it was wet with sweat. Slowly, her breathing returned to normal, her heart rate quieted down and she rolled over to look into my eyes. She smiled and giggled. 
