 If you're still working, still younger than retirement age, well, be glad. I say that not because it's bad being retired, actually there are benefits to it quite often but some things depend on just how your life goes after you do retire. But, always remember, things can and, sometimes, do change. Even for the better.

I'm Tom, sixty-four, newly-retired but my wife, Imogene, and I have been living in a retirement community that is made up of above fifty-five year olds and, really, most are older than we are.

I try to keep in shape, there's a nice workout room I use four or five times a week and I also swim and walk a lot as well. I'm six-one, one hundred eighty pounds and have a pretty flat stomach. There are gray streaks through my brownish hair which has receded a bit in front but I try to keep a youthful attitude as well as a toned body.

There is another reason I work out so much and, well, that's to keep my libido in check. Ever since Imogene had a hysterectomy four years ago, she's just no longer interested in sex which, for me, has been difficult.

I've never been one to do a lot of masturbating, I have, of course, but I've always enjoyed sex with women, exclusively with Imogene for over forty years until her surgery.

Now, don't think that I'm a raving lunatic, drooling at the sight of a pretty girl, even at the sight on a homely, overweight girl. No, I'm not on the prowl though I am, as any man would be, horny.

So, one day I was at the workout room and, as usual, I checked out the bulletin board first as I came in. There was a notice that our local library branch was looking for part-time workers to help shelve and do other duties. The hours ranged from fifteen to about twenty-five hours a week. I had been interested in finding something to do like this, I really didn't want full-time employment, so this looked ideal.

After talking it over with Imogene, I went over and filled out an application and was immediately interviewed by the head branch librarian and was offered the job on the spot; I was to start the very next day.

I arrived right at the ten AM opening time and was introduced to Kim Edwards who would be my direct supervisor. She was quite pretty, about thirty to thirty-five, short and petite but very curvy, a nice eyeful, a distinct change from so many of the women I see around my pool at home.

So, Kim got me started, showing me what to do, and soon left me on my own.

Several weeks went by, I enjoyed the work and the staff and got to know the library far better than I'd ever thought possible. I also got to know Kim better, learning that she was thirty-three and a mother of two, two little girls. Their father was gone, where she didn't know, but the child support people were looking for him, though she seemed to have little expectation that they could ever get any money from him. Really too bad, she's such a nice person.

I was working from the opening time, ten until three in the afternoon, hours that I liked, and then, one afternoon, Kim came to me to see if I might want to fill in for someone who was on maternity leave who worked from four until nine, the library's closing time.

Well, truthfully, Kim is so nice that I told her I would do it and she asked me to stay a few minutes after four to meet the people who came in for the evening shift and make introductions.

There were two women and a man that I met, one of the women was the one I would be most working with, Ellen McIntyre, and it happened that she was Kim Edward's mother.

There was a distinct resemblance between the two women, they were obviously related, not just looking much like one another but even down to their laughs, the tone of their speech and even the way they stood and walked. I've already told you that Kim was pretty, well, she got it all from her mother who was simply an older version and, to my eyes, quite a lovely woman.

Our evenings together were fun, Ellen was nice to be around and had a great sense of humor. We took our breaks together and, unfortunately, seldom had the time to finish the discussions we always started. I found that after several weeks on the evening shift that I was looking forward to going to work and it was always because of Ellen.

Then, one evening in late November, we were shelving books and she told me that it was her birthday and that her husband had forgotten about it and that he was that way about everything. She had been widowed almost fifteen years earlier and had met and married her current husband who turned out to simply lead his own life and take little interest in her or their relationship. With that she began to cry.

I stepped to her and circled my arms around her as she looked up. Our lips came together in a lovely soft kiss which we held for a minute or two. Then a second kiss began which was more passionate with our tongues exploring each other's mouth.

This second kiss did not end quickly, it went on as we pulled each other closer, neither wanting it to stop. I knew I didn't, it was the most passion I'd felt in several years.

But, we did part, with Ellen apologizing, "Oh, Tom, I'm so sorry, I shouldn't have let that happen, I'm so sorry."

"Now, Ellen, it was nice, very nice, actually, there's no need to apologize for such a nice kiss. And Happy Birthday," I told her as I leaned forward to give her a quick kiss on the lips.

"Well, you're very kind, Tom, and, thank you for the Happy Birthday and, well, especially for the kiss, it's the first one I've had in a long time."

I replied that it was the same for me and that anytime she'd like another, I'd be happy to oblige and then she quickly moved off to leave me back in the stacks shelving the cart full of books.

As nine o'clock neared, I went to the front of the building and looked out. Snow was falling and it was falling hard. Ellen came up and also looked out.

"It's really coming down. Everyone's already left, it looks like we'll be locking up. I've done it before, I suppose I should show you how to set the alarm before we leave."

"Well, if we're alone, then, how about another kiss?" I asked grinning at her. She moved right to me putting her arms around my neck, tilting her head back as we kissed right there near the library's entrance, a kiss that went on as our hands rubbed along each other's backs while we pressed tightly together.

I had my hands on her butt pulling her to me, she had to feel my erection, it was certainly prominent. I pressed my hips forward, moving against her, as she let out a soft moan and we kissed once again. This was certainly warming up.

I moved one of my hands up to her breast and began kneading it as we kissed. She made no attempt to move it and we kissed on for another five or ten minutes.

As we were kissing, I felt her palm glide over my erection to softly squeeze, then she backed off and asked, "Is this something I helped to cause?"

"Well, it wasn't my doing, Ellen," I told her as I leaned in again tonguing her mouth as we fondled one another. Her hand kept rubbing me, I was the hardest I'd been in a very long time.

She pulled her head back and, looking up at me, asked, "Can I see it, Tom?" a grin spreading across her face.

"Well, perhaps we should move back away from the doors, back where we could be a bit more private?"

"What about the Librarian's office?" she asked devilishly as she gave me a soft squeeze.

I took her hand and led her back to the Librarian's office and she unlocked it. We went in, turning on the light and, immediately I saw the sofa along the side wall and hoped that we would soon be making use of it.

She turned to me and kissed me, then, quite wordlessly, knelt down and began undoing my belt, then unbuttoning my pants, sliding down the zipper to lower my pants to the floor. Then her hands came up and pulled my boxers down as my cock dropped right at her face-level.

She opened her mouth and leaned her head forward to begin sucking me as her hand went under fondling my testicles. I petted her cheek as she sucked and licked around the tip while her other hand held my cock steady. It was thrilling, so many, many years had passed since I had been so wonderfully pleasured. It had actually been before I married Imogene, she never liked the idea of oral sex, not her doing me nor my doing her.

"Mmm, Ellen, you are so wonderful," I groaned as I stood there, trying to keep my composure under such exhilarating circumstances. She really was a marvel at what she was doing to me. She sucked and licked and sucked some more as I got nearer and nearer.

"Ellen, I'm about to cum."

She tipped her head back and said, "So, cum, I want you to, Tom," and she took me back in and sucked the tip as her tongue circled around and around until I just exploded.

"Oh, Ellen, oh, OH, UH, UH, mmm, mmm, oh, you make me feel so good, mmm," and she pulled back, took a few licks at the cum still oozing out, then stood as we kissed.

"What can I do for you, I want to make you happy, too," I whispered in her ear.

"Do you like doing oral on a woman?"

"It's something I love to do, I would love to make you happy with my tongue if you want," and she began unbuttoning her blouse and removing her bra. Her breasts seemed smaller than her daughter's by a bit but they were nice for a woman her age.

I bent down to kiss them as she undid her skirt and let it drop to the floor. She then moved us to the sofa where she pulled her panties off and sat back on, spreading open for me.

I knelt down between her legs and licked along her pussy slit which was wet with her juices. The curly, dark hair between her legs was matted near her opening from her wetness as I licked and tongued all around while she threaded her fingers through my hair. I was kneeling there naked from the waist down while I feasted on her love box.

"Mmm, oh, so long, mmm, it's been so long, oh, god, Tom, you're so wonderful, oh, you make me feel like a girl again. Oh, yes, mmm, oh, right there, oh, more, mmm, oh, there, there, uh, UH, UH, AYYE, AYYE, oh, mmm, oh, Tom, Tom, you've made me feel so good," she moaned.

Chapter 2

I raised up on my knees and pulled her to the edge of the sofa and gripped my cock as I pressed the head up to her slit and pushed. She pressed down herself and, as she widened more, I went in about half way. Then, another shove buried my cock deeply inside her.

"Oh, oh, Tom, oh, yes, I want you, mmm, oh, fuck me, I want you so much," she cried out as I began thrusting in and out of her, now wanting us to both consummate what we had started earlier in the front lobbyway.

My hands were kneading her lovely, soft breasts as she widened even further to begin moving herself under me. Her hands were on my hips pulling me in every time I thrust, we were both just swept away by the passion that had exploded between us and that was now linking us together so erotically.

She felt wonderful. Inside she was so smooth and slippery, just the perfect-feeling place for my cock. Thankfully, I had already cummed once, so wonderfully sucked by my new lover, so I wasn't 'hair-trigger' at this point. I really wanted this to be really good for Ellen, I knew I'd enjoy it, I really wanted her to get all she could out of this, our first and, hopefully, the first of many couplings to come.

"Oh, Tom, mmm, it's so good, mmm, just perfect. You're making me so happy. Am I making you happy? I hope so."

"Ellen, this is so much more than I'd ever dreamed for, it's perfect and you're perfect. I suppose we're safe and don't have to worry about starting a family."

"My tubes were tied years ago anyway so I'm ready to receive you, I'll sleep with your cum deep inside me tonight, I love that, the idea that your cum will be deep inside me while I dream of us doing this again."

It was wonderful that she was already thinking of us having sex again, even sounding like she wanted this to become a regular thing with us. I couldn't be happier and I told her so.

She was making little whimpering sounds, then she shook hard and cried out, "Oh, Tom, I'm cumming, oh, oh, AYYE, AYYE, UUH, uh, mmm, mmm, oh, Tom, now you, cum in me, I want your cum," and she raised her legs up and began turning her hips around in a circle over and over and I probed in and out of her. It just felt so good.

Then, I simply erupted in the most wonderful orgasm I could remember, she pulled me down and was kissing me over and over and over while she thrust up at me, driving me up inside her, then locking her ankles behind me, keeping me deep.

"Mmm, stay inside me a bit, let me just feel you there, oh, this is so good, mmm," she whispered and she kissed me again.

I simply couldn't help but keep moving inside her, it just felt so good.

"You fill me up so wonderfully, Tom, I've been wanting this for a while, I hope you're not disappointed."

"With you like this," I said sweeping my hand across her naked body, "how on earth could I be disappointed? You are both beautiful and wonderful. And, you've made me a very happy man."

"And you've done the same for me, so happy," she moaned as her hands pulled me down for more kisses.

We knew we had to do something before the snow got worse, it was already just after ten as it was. Our first time together had come to an end.

We got dressed, locked up the building and got our cars started and warmed up, then I followed Ellen home and waved as she pulled into her driveway as I continued on to my house.

The next afternoon, we kept some distance, I think both of us might have felt somewhat shy and uneasy about our passionate coupling the night before. It was probably a good idea to let things cool a bit anyway, so the next few days were friendly and all, but still a bit reserved.

It was the Wednesday of the next week when we ended up being the last two of the staff in the building and our lone remaining patron checked out several videos and left. Ellen walked over to me and said, "I'm just a bit embarrassed by what happened last week but it was a wonderful experience that I've thought about ever since."

"Yes, I'm the same way. It's a bit uncomfortable and all but my memories have been wonderful, I think about our coming together all the time. I hope we can still be friends, I really want that, Ellen. "

"Yes, I do as well. Perhaps we could go out for a coffee after we close?"

As it so happened, my wife had left for a two week visit with her sister in Florida, so I suggested that she follow me to my condo where I'd prepare a decaf espresso if she wished.

It was agreed and we set the alarm system and locked up and she followed me home. We had a two car garage but only one car so I had her park in our second space and we went in.

I set the fireplace gas logs afire as she sat on the sofa. She said, "I hope we don't start any gossip, that would look bad for you, Tom."

"Oh, I don't expect anyone would even know you're here. Most of the people here are already asleep," I quipped.

She followed me into the kitchen as I got the coffee out.

"I can offer you something a bit stronger if you like," I offered.

"Um, yes, maybe that's just the thing. Maybe wine, red, if you have it."

I poured us two glasses of shiraz and we went into the living room. I sat in a chair opposite the sofa where she put herself.

"I just can't get over what's happened, I mean, I'm really not the type, I've just never done anything like this in my life. Even my language the other night, well, I was rather a dirty girl, sorry."

"Don't be sorry, Ellen, I thought you were pretty exciting, myself. After all, I've known all those words for a long time."

'Well, our being together like that has been central in my mind ever since, I just can't seem to think of anything else."

"Honestly, Ellen, I haven't tried to get it out of my mind at all. The image of you on the sofa with me over you, well, I've welcomed that image an awful lot in the intervening days."

Of course, she was in my house and she soon noticed the photo of my wife and I that we'd had made a few years earlier.

"Oh, she's quite attractive, Tom, you're a lucky man."

"Yes, I agree, I am in many ways. The only lack is in our sex life, Imogene has given up on sex and, well, as you surely do know, I have not. It does leave an empty space. For four years now."

"I understand completely. I've faced the same thing, for years now, there has been very little intimacy, really none, actually, it's been rather disheartening. I honestly think that may be why Kim asked you to work my shift. She's never specifically said that but she does ask what I think of you and if we talk much. I wonder what she might think if she knew what we were doing in the middle of the last snowstorm. I think she might be rather scandalized by her mother."

"Oh, maybe not, I'm certainly not and, after all, wouldn't she want her mother to have some happiness, some pleasure and attention?"

"Yes, I suppose you're right," she said as I got up to lower the fire as it was getting warm. I then sat down on the sofa turned to her as we continued our conversation.

"It's such a nice fire and the wine is nice as is the company."

We were quiet for a few minutes, both watching the flames dancing above the ceramic logs, each of us taking sips of our wine.

Then, she sat her glass down and moved sideways toward me and embraced me as her lips met mine, her tongue darting into my mouth as she pressed against me. It was a kiss that was not done lightly in any way. It was long and passionate and when it ended, she said, "I just wanted to do that, Tom, I was afraid that you might not."

I placed my hand on her leg as we kissed again and I felt her hand light on my thigh, then move slowly up and onto my hardness underneath. She was softly moaning as we kissed. I moved my hand up her leg under her skirt as she parted her legs in welcome. Her palm was now caressing my cock and I had worked a finger up under her panty's elastic feeling the wetness of her pubic hair and the opening hidden within.

"Mmm, oh, Tom, I just can't stop, I don't even want to," she groaned as her hand was fumbling for my zipper while my finger worked up into her.

I tilted my head to her ear and whispered, "Let's move to where we'll be more comfortable," and we got up and I led her to my bedroom and pulled down the covers.

We wasted no time in getting our clothes off and fell into bed like teenagers ready for our first time ever; we were just a mass of arms and legs. It was exciting, oh, so exciting.

"Yes, oh, don't do anything but fuck me, Tom, I've wanted this so much for so long," she said as she gripped me tight and pulled me up on top of her, spreading open as I took hold of my cock to begin shoving inside her. Her legs were up high, she was presenting herself to take me as deeply as possible.

"Oh, Ellen, mmm," I groaned as she murmured, "Mmm, deep, fuck me deep, Tom, oh, yes, yes, oh, your cock," and she circled her legs around me to begin humping me as I fucked her.

We weren't making love, oh, no this was fucking, pure and simple. It was animal, it was pure passion, fucking, that's what it was.

"Oh, god, Tom, deep, push deep, hard as you can, oh, fuck me hard, oh, faster, I'm so close, so near, push in, push in," she cried as I pressed hard down into her and just kept pushing as she wiggled and turned under me.

"OOH, OOH, OOH, oh, uh, uh, uh, mmm, mmm, oh, Tom, oh, incredible, mmm, best I've ever felt, oh, thank you, thank you, mmm, now you, I want you to cum," she moaned as she lifted her legs high and put her hands under her hips to lift her pussy up and I knelt there, my cock inside her while she rotated around and around.

"Mmm, oh, that's so good, oh, where did you learn this?" I gasped in delight. She was going to get all my cum very, very soon.

Then it happened, it was so strong, I almost doubled over as I filled my lovely coworker with my cum. She pulled me down and kissed me deeply probing her tongue in and out of my mouth just like my cock had been doing in her shortly before.
