 "As this is Mr. Tailor's first offence I do not see any point in incarcerating him, I think community service will suffice?'

The judge was addressing Sister Maria, the headmistress of St. Charles School.

As a result of a ridiculous prank my friend Ross Ireland had talked me into I had been charged with Public Mischief. Who knew schools had security cameras! We had sprayed black pubic hair onto the statue of the Blessed Virgin standing by the main entrance to the school.

"I would agree with that." Sister Maria relied.

"Twenty hours community service under the supervision of Sister Maria." The judge decreed.

I reported to Sister Maria to serve my sentence. Sitting in her office she said since I liked painting so much I could paint the school gymnasium. She supplied me with the paint, equipment and ladders and left me to carry out my task.

I spent about five hours a night for three nights before the job was done.

"Very good." said Sister inspecting my work; "Since you still have some time left I would like you to do one more thing for me."

"What is that?" I asked expecting more dull work.

She stepped in front of me and I could smell the unmistakable odor of alcohol on her breathe, surely I was wrong, Nuns didn't drink, did they?

I became more confused when Sister Maria stretched out her hand and grabbed the crotch of my jeans. Her fingers begin kneading and caressing my cock. I got an instant hard on.

"Sister?" I said, startled, scared, adrenaline flooding through my body.

"Shhh." She hushed me, continuing her ministrations. "No words lad."

Her hand felt wonderful, even through the thick material of my paint-stained jeans. What in the hell was she doing? She was a nun! And she was fondling my dick.

"Very nice." She breathed, almost under her breath, her face reddening and her eyes taking on a glassy sheen. Suddenly, with a quick motion, she pulled on the fly of my jeans, opening all of the buttons. Using both hands, she pushed them and my underwear down, exposing my rigid cock to her gaze. I saw her lick her lips as she stared at it.

"Sister." I started again, unable to complete the statement.

"Hush." She admonished me again, pushing me backward towards the paint scaffold. She had me sit on one of the lower support brackets, which felt cold as ice against my naked ass.

She stepped closer, reaching down and pulling the hem of her habit upwards. I was treated to a view of her legs. They were slightly chunky but by no means unattractively so. White as a sheet of paper, it appeared that they had never before seen the light of the sun.

Her habit remained bunched around her waist, depriving me of a view of her crotch and the treasures they beheld but I could smell her, the odor wafting out from beneath the habit. I'd smelled pussy before in my life. Two times before I'd managed to actually get myself laid and five or six times before I'd managed to get my finger into a vagina. But these had always been teen-aged girls, about the same age as myself.

Sister Mary's odor was worlds apart.  It had a sharp, musty tang to it. It was the smell of a grown woman in a state of sexual excitement. Any doubts about what was going on disappeared the instance that musk hit my nostrils.

She stepped even closer, her legs opening and overlapping mine. I felt the silky smoothness of her inner thighs as they slid slowly along the skin of my outer thighs. Her breath was in my face, the stale odor of alcohol wafting into my nostrils. She rested her chin on my left shoulder, so I was unable to see her face and pulled her hips further up my thighs. Her left hand reached down between us and I felt it grasping my cock again. Her other hand seemed to be pulling her habit hem up higher.

I felt the head of my dick resting against a warm, slick wetness for a moment before her hips thrust forward, engulfing me within her. She sank down upon me with ease, my cock suddenly buried in a soft, warm sheath. My previous experiences with sex had involved quite a bit of fumbling and pushing before I'd been able to get myself all of the way inside. With Sister Mary it was very different. I slipped into her like we were two puzzle pieces specifically designed to connect together.

"Ahhh." She sighed as her pubis met mine. "Hold still." She whispered into my ear.

She then began to thrust. Her hips gyrated back and forth, sliding up and down my body, increasing the musk of our union and producing a wet, squishing sound. I'd never felt anything like it before. The girls I'd laid previously had done nothing but lay there. She was actually moving herself atop of me, caressing herself with my cock. Her arms tightened around my back, her breathing increasing to a pant. She moved faster and faster, pushing my butt painfully into the bar upon which it rested. I could feel her bare stomach, soft and pliant, pressing against mine, forcing the air from my lungs with each thrust. The top of her pussy was grinding into the top half of my cock, the pressure unbelievably erotic.  Her thighs began to sweat, sliding against mine.

It didn't take long before I felt the familiar tingle of approaching orgasm traveling up my spine. My hips began to thrust involuntarily, meeting her thrusts. My breathing became ragged and hoarse. I grasped her back, pulling her to me, my fingers feeling the coarse material of her habit and the soft curves of her body beneath it.

"Oh God." I yelled, not thinking for a moment that I was, in fact, inside of a house of God.

"No!" Screamed Sister Mary into my ear, frustration evident in her voice. "Not yet!"

But I couldn't help it. It was as inevitable as death and the tides. My thrusting increased to a near-frantic pace and within seconds I was shooting up into her body, more cum than I would have though possible.  It splashed against her insides, overflowing and pouring out around my cock and her cunt.

When my thrusting finally slowed to a halt and my dick wilted to it's previous state within her, she pulled herself off of me, sliding backwards until she was staring me in the eyes. Her face showed unmasked hostility and frustration.

"God damn you." She stated, sliding the rest of the way off and dropping to her knees before me.

Suddenly her face was at the level of my crotch, my wilted dick inches from her. She pushed my legs as far apart as my jeans, which were still around my ankles, would allow, and slurped me into her mouth. She began sucking frantically, licking all of the accumulated sperm and vaginal secretions clean.

"Oh!" I said, in rapture. I had never had a blowjob before, despite having begged all of my previous girlfriends for one. Her tongue swirled around me, teasing every inch of my meat. She withdrew her mouth and took each of my balls into her, sucking them gently. I even felt her tongue licking between my butt cheeks, fleetingly caressing my asshole. Within minutes I was hard as a rock again.

This is a nun doing this to me! I kept telling myself in disbelief. Part of me couldn't help but wonder if I was really lying in bed at home and that this was an elaborate wet dream. God knew I'd had strange nocturnal emissions in the past, but this was too real. I could only conclude that this was really happening, that a nun dressed in a habit was really sucking my dick and tonguing my asshole.

Finally, satisfied with the state of my renewed erection, she pulled back. Remaining on her knees, she scooted backwards across the gym floor about three feet and then spun around.  She hiked the rear of her habit up over her hips, affording me my first view of her nether region.

I was immediately struck by how hairy her crotch was. Her pussy, which was gaping open, a thin drool of clear juice and white sperm running out of it, was covered with thick, red hair. It ran all the way up to her asshole, which was also gaping open, looking at me like the eye of the Cyclops.

"C'mon." She commanded. "Fuck me from behind. Fuck me like a dog."

I didn't need a second offer. I slid off my perch on the scaffold and dropped to my knees, inching up behind her. Taking my cock in my hand I placed it between her swollen lips and thrust forward, burying myself with her.

"Yes!"  She cried, pushing her ass back against me until her butt cheeks impacted my pubis. "Now fuck me hard Goddamit.  And don't you dare come until I have!"

I started to thrust, grabbing hold of her butt cheeks, which were soft but somewhat flabby, for leverage. I kneaded them as I fucked her, squishing them into new shapes like they were bread dough. My balls slapped against her with each thrust. I watched her pussy lips expand and contract around my shaft. Her left hand, which had been supporting her weight on the floor, suddenly reached up and began caressing her clit, rubbing it furiously.

"Yes!" She screamed in ecstasy. "Fuck me harder, fuck me harder!"

I increased my thrusts; sweat now dripping off of my forehead onto her upper ass.

"Stick your finger up my ass!" She commanded.

I obliged, sliding the middle finger of my right hand between her butt cheeks and into her anus. It slipped in easily, sliding up past the second knuckle.

"Oh God." She cried. "Finger-fuck my ass!

I began thrusting my finger in and out, at first finding the simultaneous action of doing this and thrusting with my pelvis difficult but quickly adapting to the rhythm.

"Oh fuck!" Sister Mary yelled, panting uncontrollably now. Her ass slammed against me frantically, almost painfully. Her hand on her clit became a blur.

"Yessss!" She cried, almost knocking me off-balance with her thrusts. She seemed to reach a peak and then her thrusts slowed down rapidly as she exhaled a long, drawn out sigh. Her hand left her clit and began caressing my balls.

"Now come in me." She said, her voice much more in control now. "Come in me again. Hurry!"

I increased the tempo of my own thrusts finding myself, for the first time in my life, having to concentrate in order to come. Finally, after several minutes, the proper connection was made in my head and I was once again emptying myself into her body, groaning in rapture.

When my thrusts slowed down to nothing and my cock, satiated, slipped from between her velvet lips, she crawled forward, pushing her habit down over her hips again.

She stood up, taking a deep breath, the only evidence of what we'd engaged in, on her part anyway, a thin sheen of perspiration on her face.

She looked down at me, not seeming to notice my spent cock resting against my thigh or the fact that my jeans were down around my ankles.

"Okay." She said, her face neutral, her eyes appraising the gym. "Good job. Take the rest of the day off. I'll see you bright and early tomorrow morning."

With that she strolled casually out of the gym, her sneakers squeaking softly on the floor.

I lay there for a few more minutes and then stood up. I pulled up my pants and began the long walk home, wondering what was in store for tomorrow.