 MOLLY

It was time to go fishing. Spending the night with Susan had been awesome, but she had her life and I was going fishing. I drove over to my friends where the camper was stored, hooked up the truck to the tow bar and prepared to leave. Having over slept this morning, I knew I would not make it to the AuSable today. After driving for eight hours, I found a Wal-Mart parking lot and settled in for the night. A glass of Buffalo Trace, a light dinner and I crawled into bed and promptly fell asleep. Tomorrow would be only a two or three hour drive.

I awoke early, about 5:30 and was a bit disoriented. I quickly realized where I was, got dressed and started the camper. I brewed a cup of coffee and settled into the drivers seat for the drive. After about an hour of driving, I found a place to stop and use the restroom as well as get some breakfast. Eggs, ham, potatoes, toast, juice, coffee and I was ready to finish my drive.

I arrived at the camp ground around noon and found a spot that I could get the camper into and got settled. I noticed a pup tent in the next site and an old car parked there as well. Probably some college student I thought to myself. I rigged up my fly rod, got into my waders and walked down to the river. It was much as I remembered, and it spoke to me on so many levels. I waded in and started fishing. Not many trout were rising , but it was good to be fishing again. For the next six hours, I fished without any thought of the rest of the world. I caught a few brook trout, and broke off a nice fish which I thought was a brown trout. It was getting dark, so I made my way back to the camper and began to fix dinner. A Buffalo Trace, a burger, some chips and I was ready for the night. I sat down to tie a few flies when it started to rain. A check of the radar and it looked like it was going to rain most of the night. Oh well, another Buffalo Trace would not hurt. The rain on the roof, the bourbon and I was soon dozing in my chair. I remember thinking that I had not been this relaxed in years.

Around 11:00, I was startled by a pounding on the door to the camper. "What the f...?" It was still raining. I opened the door and a women said, " Sir, can you help me. My tent has a hole in it, my sleeping bag is soaked, I can't find my car keys and I am freezing."

"Come in before you get hypothermia,"

A women climbed into the camper dripping water, her hair was splatted against her head, her clothes were soaked and she was shivering. She proceeded to explain that she was in the next site and her tent had developed a tear that resulted in everything getting soaked in the rain. Given that it was about 40 degrees, she was really cold.

"I don't have any dry clothes your size, but I can give you a pair of sweat pants and a sweat shirt to get you out of your wet clothes and get you warm."

"Thank you, I'd appreciate that."

I found the clothes for her and directed her to the bedroom area to change. She came out looking wet and tired and handed me her wet clothes. I put them in the bathroom so that they might dry and handed her a towel to dry her hair.

"Would you like a cup of hot chocolate? You're shivering and need to get warm."

"Thanks, I'd appreciate that."

I heated some water, added some chocolate mix and handed her the cup. She wrapped her hands around it and said. "thank you"

"My name is Tom, and you are?"

"Sorry, I 'm Molly. Not a very good first meeting, but I do appreciate your help. My divorce was final today and I just wanted to get away and do some fishing. Not only was my divorce final today, but the house closed today and I 'm kinda of homeless. Next week I'm moving in with a friend for a few weeks until I can find a place to live. I was having a good day fishing when it started to rain and then the tent started leaking and ohhhhh......" The tears started flowing.

After she gained control of herself, she started nodding off to sleep as the hot chocolate and the warmth of the camper began to warm her up. OK, now what, I only have the one bed in the camper, what to do. Looking closely at her, I estimated her age to be early to mid 40's, not the college student that I had thought. Ok, well she is an adult, so I carried her to the bed in the camper, tucked her in, got undressed and crawled into bed with her. Nothing romantic about sleeping with a women that is shivering. I soon drifted off to sleep, figuring we would figure out the rest tomorrow morning.

What a night, Dreams of all kinds. I dreamt that I was curled up to a naked women and then the dream turned to being fucked by the women. I got up during the night to pee, a common problem with men my age. When I returned to bed, I noticed that Molly had taken off the sweats. She must have gotten warm during the night. My head wanted to go to all kinds of places, but I managed to control it. I crawled back into bed, tried to keep some separation between us and slowly drifted off to sleep.

The dream returned, a women was riding my cock and rubbing her tits on my chest. To break up the dream, I slowly opened my eyes. It was light out and I was staring into the most beautiful pair of emerald green eyes I had ever seen. "What the f....?" I quickly realized that my cock was surrounded by a warm, wet pussy and that I was getting fucked.

"Morning Tom. Hope you are ok with this. I woke up and you had this beautiful erection. I haven't had a man in over a year with the divorce and every thing and could no longer contain my self. I just had to climb on. Ohhhhhhhh does that feel good."

Shit, what a way to wake up. I was trying to get my head squared away when she bent down and planted a toe curling kiss on my lips and began to bounce on my cock. Damn, it felt good. I could get use to waking up this way.

"Oh shit, I'm gonna cum, arrrghgh, yes, here it is.....Oooooooooo"

She collapsed on my chest. After a few minutes, her breathing returned to normal, she lifted her head and kissed me again. "Thank you, that was good. Here, let me suck you off." She turned around, engulfed my cock and began sucking me. It didn't take long before I erupted in her mouth.

"MMMMMM, you taste good. Hope you liked your start to the day!"

What could I say. I got up and went to the bathroom and came back to the bed.

"Wow, what a start to the day. Would you like some coffee?"

"Mmmmmm"

I poured us each a cup of coffee. She asked me to go to her tent, find her car keys and get her duffel out of the trunk of her car so that she could put on some clothes.

"I like you the way you are!"

"I bet you do, but I need to get dressed and figure out what I'm going to do about the tent and my sleeping bag."

I dressed, found her keys and brought her duffel. She found some dry clothes and dressed. I looked up and found a beautiful women in a pair of jeans, a sweater, with her auburn hair pulled back into a pony tail. Her green eyes sparkling.

I poured us another cup of coffee and slowly she told me her story of what was going on in her life. She worked as a veterinary lab tech at the university. The lab was being remodeled, so most of the staff was laid off temporarily. With the divorce, sale of her house, she just wanted to get away from it all and go fishing. I understood.

"Well, I better go see if I can get my sleeping bag dry and figure out what I am going to do about the tent. We won't be doing any fishing today because the river will be up and dirty. The south branch usually returns to normal levels and clears within 24 hours, so you can fish tomorrow. I will probably be heading to my girl friends later today."

"If you want, you're welcome to stay with me for a few days and fish. After all, it's not like we don't know each other." I smiled at her.

"Thanks, let me think about it. I'm going to get going now. Thanks for every thing. If I don't come back you'll know that I headed south."

She kissed and hugged me and was gone. About a half hour later I heard her car start and saw her pull out of the camp ground. I wondered if I would see her again. I set about cleaning up the camper. I planned to be here for the next 8 weeks, so wanted to be organized. I was working along when my cell rang. It was Molly, it sounded like she was in tears.

"I'm sorry, my car broke down and I didn't know who else to call. Can you rescue me again, please?"

She explained to me where she was, so I jumped in the pickup and sped off to help her out. The car was on the side of the road with steam coming out from under the hood, and a trail of oil leading to her car. Not good and probably expensive. As the car was being towed away, she jumped into the truck, kissed me and said,"looks like you are stuck with me for a few more days." I smiled and so did she.

We stopped by the garage to get her clothes and fishing gear. The mechanic said he would have an estimate sometime the next day, so we headed into town to get breakfast and then went back to the camp ground. A check of the river confirmed that we would not be fishing today. She started peppering me with questions, where was I going - gave her a rough itinerary , was I married - no, why - career, what did I do - engineer, girl friend - not really, and on and on. By the time we finished the chores and questions, it was almost dark. I offered her a bourbon, but she said she preferred wine, however, if that is all I had, she would try a sip. I poured us a drink, started the grill, put some potatoes in the microwave and prepared to cook a couple of steaks.

"Mmmm, this is good stuff, really smooth. What kind is it?"

"Buffalo Trace. It's a consistent winner in tasting contest and I really enjoy it. Would you like some more?"

"Please."

We ate dinner, had a little more bourbon. It was getting cold out, there was a possibility of frost that night so I had started the heat in the camper. We went inside and the questions began again, what kind of RV is this, where did you get it, why did you choose this one, how much did it cost, how come only one bed, how does the stove work. Finally she slowed down, stood up and said,

"Hope you don't mind" and promptly stripped down to her panties.

"Not if you don't," and I stood and stripped down to my boxers. Things were warming up in the camper.

It wasn't long before she was in my lap kissing and exploring each others bodies. I grabbed her hand and headed for the bed. I shoved her back, pulled her panties off, shed my boxers, crawled on to the bed and began kissing her. She laughed and giggled, my thought, awesome, another women that can laugh during sex. I find that very sexy. We rolled around, got into a 69, I gave her an orgasm, she sucked my cock. Then I was on top penetrating her, she was screaming all kinds of dirty words but saying harder, Harder, HARDER and I pounded away. We both finally came and I rolled off, sweating, thirsty. We hugged, kissed, spooned and I wrapped my hand around her breast. She wiggled her ass against my softening cock. I pulled some blankets over us and we drifted off to sleep.

I awoke at sun rise to find Molly curled up to my side, a breast pressed against my chest, her arm across my belly, and her leg across my hips. The blankets were thrown off of us. I quietly slipped out from under her to use the bathroom. Returning, I crawled back into bed and spooned with her. I cupped a breast, she wiggled her ass against my cock.

She rolled over and said, "Good morning lover. Did you sleep as well as I did?"

"Good morning, I slept great. There is heavy frost on the ground so we have a little while to cuddle if you want or I can make us some coffee."

"Mmmmmmmmm, lets cuddle and start the day off right." She jumped out of bed, ran to the bathroom, I heard her brushing her teeth and then she was right back in bed.

"Now where were we, oh yes, we were about to make love. Mmmmmmmmmm."

It was a slow relaxed loving session. She sucked my cock, I ate her pussy. She had an orgasm before she got on all fours and I entered her from behind. She kept watching me over her shoulder with those emerald eyes or burying her face in the pillows, moaning, swearing, begging to be pounded harder. I did my best. It wasn't long before she came again and then I exploded in her as we collapsed on the bed. She smiled, giggled, and said, " Good way to start a day. How about some breakfast and then lets go fishing?"

An hour later we stepped into the river, the sun had melted the frost, the bugs were on the water. I held back to watch her, but she obviously knew what she was doing and I was free to focus on my own fishing. Every so often I'd look over and see her fighting a fish or releasing one, so I knew she was doing well. We got together at noon to eat our sandwiches. I have never had successful fishing when the sun is high on the water so I leaned against a tree and dozed off. Molly got back in the river to fish some more. She woke me up about an hour later and we fished until about 4. At that point she found me and said,

"I need to go back to the camper and check my phone to see if the mechanic called."

The mechanic had called and left a message to call him. She called and learned that the repairs were going to cost way more than her car was worth. She looked at me, frowned and told the mechanic to junk the car and hung up.

"Can I have a bourbon, a big one? I need to call my girl friend, give me a few minutes please."

When she returned, half the bourbon was gone and she had this strange look on her face.

"How would you like a traveling companion until Labor Day weekend?''

I had never really considered that, but the idea certainly sounded appealing so I said, "Sure, what's up."

Molly explained about the car and said that her girl friend would store her belongings for the summer, so she was free to spend the summer fishing with me. About that time, she curled into my lap and said, "Another bourbon please." I bet I get lucky again tonight!

We spent the next 8 weeks fishing, tying flies, learning about each other, loving and enjoying new relationship energy. We made love in the camper, on the picnic table, on the bank of the river, even standing in the river. We got to know each other better as we freely talked about ex-husband, girl friends, lovers, work, likes and dislikes and other elements of our history. She began to enjoy bourbon. I taught her to tie flies and how they simulate the caddis, may flies and other insect life that live in the river and trout feed on. She explained how she started fly fishing with her dad, and how she loved it and her ex could never understand why she liked it so much. We laughed, giggled....oh how I loved her laugh and giggle, especially during and after love making.

It was now the end of June. We decided to stay thru July 4th and then it would be time to head west. July 4th was a cool, rainy day. We stayed in the camper most of the day and made love several times as we worked to clean it up and get it ready for traveling. Late in the afternoon, I hooked the pickup to the draw bar so we could get an early start in the morning. We made slow love and fell asleep in each others arms.

The next morning, we were up early, pulled out and headed north towards the Mackinaw bridge and Michigan's UP. We wanted to fish some of the rivers that Hemingway had written about in his story "The Big Two Hearted River." We found a place to park the camper and got camp set up and walked to the river. It sang its own song to each of us. We held each other close, kissed and headed back to the camper. Again our bare bodies seemed to meld into each other. We caressed each other, kissed and made love. Molly liked to make love in different positions and at various times of the day. Sometimes it was making love and other times it was just fucking. Either way, we seemed to enjoy each other and I seemed to keep Molly happy.

After spending a couple of days fishing, we once again, drove west. Into Wisconsin and Minnesota, headed for South Dakota, Mt. Rushmore, the Badlands and then to Montana.

As we were driving, she suddenly sat up, whipped off her top and pants and said, "My new traveling uniform is a pair of panties. Hope your concentration is good so we don't have a wreck!" and laughed. I laughed with her, the windows were well tinted and except for truck drivers, the camper was high enough that no one could see in. Concentrate Tom.

We stopped and fished a few places in Minnesota, after all, it is the land of 10,000 lakes. After a long day of fishing, we decided to cover some more miles before finding a place to spend the night.

We spent that night at a truck stop in Minnesota. Tomorrow was another day of traveling.