 It was 4:35pm and my last meeting of the day was dragging on. I couldn't wait for it to end and was distracted with thoughts of reuniting with my boyfriend later that night. He had been on a business trip for over a week. It doesn't seem that long, but rarely was he gone for more than a couple nights and I could barely control my desire for him. My mind was filled with plans for how I would greet him and satisfy both of our sexual desires. We had a healthy and adventurous sex life, and rarely went more than 12 hours without having making love. Given he had been gone for so many days; we had to suffice by satisfying each other with emails and phone sex. 

Today, to tease him of what was to come, I had passed the workday sending him text messages of how I would suck his cock and make him cum. As he was in serious business meetings, John was turned on but also annoyed (or was it frustrated?), and had told me how he would punish me for being so naughty. He knew how much I loved to be dominated and that thought turned us both on. 

Finally, the meeting ended and I quickly headed home to prepare for John's arrival. In our bedroom I lit some candles, put on some soft sexy jazz and opened a bottle of wine. I loved the taste of his cum mixed with the wine. My pussy became wetter and was throbbing in need of his cock. John would be home soon, so I undressed, to wait for his arrival. 

As I lay on the bed sipping my wine, I started dreaming of how I could make him cum... should I suck his cock until he came in my mouth, filling me with his sweet salty manliness? Should I stroke him off and have him cum all over my face and mouth... Or should I suck him, stroke him and then take him in my wet and lustful pussy having him fuck me until he cums deep inside me making my pussy rock with orgasms. Thinking about all these ways made me aroused, and I reached for my vibrator. It's a Rabbit Vibrator that John bought me and for discretion I've nicknamed him Richard. I inserted Richard into my wet pussy; I was so aroused and my pussy so wet with my juices that I didn't require the lubricant. I knew my man would arrive soon, but I couldn't wait. 

I was imagining John fucking me as I used Richard on my wet pussy. I was immersed in the fantasy, when John quietly walked into the room. I was so caught up in my desire that I didn't notice my man's arrival. John watched me get fucked by Richard, but didn't say a word as his cock began to stir in his pants. My man watched, seeing the look on my face as I edged closer to my orgasm. His cock was pushing against his pants as he felt the wetness from his precum. He loves to watch me masturbate and was mesmerized with his desire mounting. 

Quickly he removed his clothes, releasing his thick, meaty cock. He moved close to me and the sudden shock of him kissing me passionately on my mouth almost made me cum right then. He took Richard from my hand and continuing pumping the vibrator smoothly into my shaven pussy. John was kissing and sucking my lips bringing out a deep growl from my throat. I was deep into my need for him and my body vibrated with the want for him to take me and make love to me. I breathed out a sigh of passion, as he kissed me inserting his tongue deep into my mouth, I moan. "More, baby, more..."

I reach for his cock and I feel it swelling in my hand his balls swelling to my touch. I take it in both of my hands and begin to rub it in rhythm with the movement of the vibrator. "Let me feel your body, suck me, lover." I force his face down to my breasts so he can suck and bite first the right side and then the left, my body is shuddering and shaking in excitement. "I want to suck your cock." He pulls out the vibrator and forces my mouth down onto his hardened cock. "You look so good, I missed this cock." 

Tiny pearls of precum drip from his cock, I take my mouth and suck and lick them up, focusing only on the tip of the cock. He hardens more, and pushes his cock up against my mouth. "Suck my cock bitch." A weeks worth of desire mounted as he pushed my head hard down on his cock, causing me to gag with surprise. I draw back and run my tongue around the tip of his cock, until it is swollen and red, then take my mouth and softly run it down to the base of his shaft. Sucking and licking until he moans in pleasure. Moving toward his cum-filled balls, I suck them roughly, causing him to cry out in pain. Slowly moving his legs further apart, I lick the outside of his ass, as he pushes it closer to my face. 

I know he loves to have his ass played with, so I tease him inserting my tongue lightly in and out, until I hear his soft lustful groan. "Dirty bitch." Oh, I know he is close to orgasm now. The thought of his cum makes my pussy flush with wetness. 

"Touch my pussy." I demand. 

He takes his hand and roughly rubs my clit and inserts 3 fingers into my soaking cunt. I groan with excitement, as my juices cover his fingers and I move in motion with his fingers. "Fuck me, fuck me" I moan. I take my finger and insert it into his ass, the motion surprises him as he gasps. Sliding my finger in and out of his ass, I move my mouth toward his balls and suck them up, gently this time. Groaning in desire, he continues to fuck me with his fingers, moving between my pussy hole and my clit, bringing me closer and closer to my orgasm. 

John takes my head and pushes it down hard on his cock. He moans that he is about to cum. I take his cock deep into my mouth moving up and down in rhythm with the fucking of his ass. Groaning with pleasure, his cock thrust inside my mouth. My pussy contracts and vibrates against his fingers in my intense orgasm. My entire body is shaking uncontrollably as a result of the orgasm. John's cock explodes deep into my mouth as he shoots his cum down my throat. I almost choke in my attempt to swallow his cum. Some of it escapes my mouth and drips down my face. As his orgasm subsides I suck and lick his cock clean. 

He pulls me back up toward him, holding me tight and kisses me deeply. His cum in my mouth mixes with our saliva and he licks up the remaining cum from my face and feeds it back to me. We relax in the glow of our combined orgasms. Happy and content, knowing that this is just the start of our long night together, becoming reacquainted with each others bodies and restating our ownership of each other.

I pour John a glass of wine as we sit naked in our wonderfulness. Kissing and touching we prepare for our next round of lovemaking. John has been gone a week, we have a lot to make up for...