 I moved my head & took her nipple into my mouth & slowly releasing them began to kiss down her stomach, briefly kissing and licking at her belly button. As I kissed closer to her bush, I could smell the intoxicating scent of her arousal. I kissed over her pubic hair, lower and lower until I reached the slit. Mrs Aiyer slid her feet up the bed on either side of me, completely giving herself to me. I kissed just beside her pussy, teasing her & kissed her everywhere, except where she wanted me. She was moaning loudly Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh & tried to pull me head to her center point, but I pulled away as I wanted her to enjoy this moment.  Suck here, suck here Naveen she moaned pulling my head towards her pussy. Not teasing her any more I moved towards the little pink button and touched it with the tip of my tongue. She gasped and her hips thrust her pussy against my face& whispered, "suck it, dear, suck it." I circled it with my lips and gently sucked, "Yes, oh yes.. oh yes," she gasped and her hips thrust even more violently against my face as her breathing became more and more ragged and her body began swinging about. I sucked and licked her clit enjoying the feel of it. Her pussy was dying for this attention for long & I wanted to give her pleasure, she deserved. 

"Yes..love..oh..yes..that..fee..els..so.. good! Put your finger in me." Her juices were really flowing as I pressed two fingers into her cunt, making a squishing sound as I fucked her with them. Looking up over her belly, she had thrown her head back and was pinching and pulling her nipples in ecstasy. She began making grunts deep in her throat, Ahhhhhhhhhh …… Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh Uhhhhhhhhhh," 

To speed her towards her orgasm, I stroked my fingers in and out of her cunt faster and faster until she began to cum. Ohhhhhhhh DON'T STOP, , DON'T STOP!" she cried. Her hands now firmly on my head as she forced me even tighter to her pussy as she violently fucked my face. Then after almost five minutes, her body slowly began to relax as she came down from high. She was breathing hard as she pushed me away. I moved up beside her and she turned her face towards me, and, pulling me to her, kissed me most passionately. 

Breaking the kiss she said “Oh Naveen, what you do to me…...I just feel so wonderful." “It is a long time that I have felt sooooooo good.”

We rained kisses on each other for several minutes, all the while I was caressing her boobs. They were very firm but not tight any more. I went on playing with her boobs. I rubbed my mouth on them. Then I took her nipples in my mouth & sucked them. I went on sucking them for few minutes. Mrs. Aiyer was getting excited more and more. She was caressing sometimes my neck, sometimes my hairs in her excitement. I started squeezing her breasts with pressure. After some times she told me to increase the pressure of my hands on her breasts. I did so. She further encouraged me to squeeze her breasts harder and harder. I started squeezing her pulpy breasts as hard as I could. She was moaning and moaning and moaning sexily closing her eyes "… ..aaaaahhhh…. oooofffffffff… ...uuiiiiimmmmmaaaa… …oooohhhh… … uuuuuuhhhhhhhh….. sssshhhhhhhh…… uuummmmmmmmmmmaaaahhhhhhh…….." I asked her while pressing and squeezing her breasts "…. “how are you feeling… … darling…."

Mrs. Aiyer whispered sexily in husky voice "….ooohhh don’t ask.. ..I am loving it dear” 

"Suck my boobs, Naveen, I love it when you do that, it feels so good." She said with a low moan.

I rose up on one elbow and leaned over to take her nearest breast in my mouth, swirling my tongue around the already hardened nipple. At the same time, I reached over with my free hand to her other breast, cupping it and pinching the nipple between thumb and forefinger. Her breathing became heavier and she began moaning with pleasure.

Out of the corner of my eye, I could see her reach down to her pussy to slowly stroke her clit. I pulled my one hand away & moved it down to her pussy. Removing her hand my fingers found her soaking pussy & I slid my middle finger down through the moist crevice and began running it in and out as my second & then third finger joined together.

This quickly aroused Mrs. Aiyer again, she reached up and grabbed my cock and started to slide her hand up and down my shaft to keep it hard; obviously she wanted to have my cock ready for action.

When her second climax subsided and her breathing returned to normal, I drew back from her to lay flat on my back, my erect prick pointed at the ceiling. Mrs. Aiyer got onto her knees beside me and took my cock in her mouth. After bobbing up and down on it for a few minutes, she raised up and said "would you like to get fucked or sucked?"

"Fucked now, sucked some other time," I replied. 

“I think you loved to be sucked” she said pushing me onto my back and wordlessly mounted my cock. She began to slowly ride me in long smooth strokes, my hands kneading her big boobs. Leaning forward she said “lick them Naveen” and I did as I was asked. Mrs Aiyer increased the pace of her fucking. I moaned and began thrusting into her as I bathed her huge boobs with my tongue. I grabbed her round shapely ass and began pumping in and out. Mrs. Aiyer moaned contentedly, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh . Thrusting hard, I ejaculated a load of semen into her pussy. Mrs. Aiyer let out a long, shuddering moan and collapsed on top of me, her massive boobs squished between us.

To be continued