 We couldn't get in the door fast enough. As soon as he slammed it behind him, he pinned me against the wall, clawing at my clothing and assaulting my lips with his.

Reaching for the buttons on his shirt, I undid the first one, then ripped it open, ignoring the ping of the buttons bouncing off the walls around us and feeling his hot, hard chest under my questing hands. I raked my fingernails over his nipples and felt him let out a groan against my mouth.

Threading his fingers through my hair, he tore his lips from mine and trailed hot kisses down my throat to my now exposed breasts. I felt him smile against me. 

"You weren't wearing a bra the whole night?" he managed to rasp out, capturing a taut nipple in his mouth.

"No," I breathed, knowing it drove him crazy when I didn't wear a bra.

I hadn't told him on the trip to his parents' house and I, of course, hadn't mentioned it either there or on the way home. 

When we were alone at his parents', which was only for a brief few minutes in their kitchen, I'd teased him endlessly, watching his discomfort when his mother had walked into the kitchen. I had smiled wickedly at him then offered to help his mother with desert.

The look on his face had promised retribution for my tormenting and I had felt my body tingle in anticipation.

"You little tease," he said, releasing a nipple with a pop, then finding the other. "I should take you over my knee, but I know you'd like that far too much."

I tangled my fingers through his dark hair and held him to me, arching to push my sensitive mound deeper into the hot depth of his mouth. 

I cried out when he pulled away, a look of pure lust on his handsome face. His blue eyes were clouded with desire, but also sparkling with mischief. He took another step back and pulled his ruined shirt from his shoulders.

Dropping it to the floor, he reached for the snap on his jeans. When I reached out to help him, he slapped my hands away.

"Oh no, you're gonna pay for teasing me, sweetheart."

Keeping his gaze locked with mine, he dropped his jeans to his ankles, then toed off his shoes. I tore my eyes from his and allowed them to roam his magnificent body. My mouth went dry when it dawned on me he hadn't been wearing any underwear either. I ogled the protruding proof of his arousal. I could see it throbbing and I felt my body scream with need for him. 

"God, please," I begged, reaching out to pull him against me.

He smiled and shook his head. Taking my hand, he led me to our bedroom. Pushing me back onto the bed, he lowered himself over me, devouring my lips in a hungry kiss. I felt his hands roam my heated flesh, pausing to cup a breast before he reached between us and pushed one hand under the waistband of my skirt.

"Bad girl, no panties either."

I opened my legs to allow him access, and whimpered when he ran a finger along my wet slit, then pulled his hand away. Raising my hips, I tried to keep his finger where I wanted it most, but he pulled his hand from my skirt then stuck his finger in his mouth, lapping up the proof of my arousal.

"Mmmm, sweet as honey," he whispered, reaching out to unsnap my skirt and pull it down my legs. In his haste, he ripped the material and I chuckled. If we kept up at this rate, we'd both need a new wardrobe.

Pulling the torn garment from my body, he lowered himself over me again and entered me in one slow thrust. Apparently the retribution for my teasing was over.

"Yeah, fuck me," I breathed against his lips. I felt him smile again.

His movements inside me stilled and he broke the kiss. Gazing down into my eyes, I saw he was fighting for control. 

"Tell me, did you enjoy teasing me at my parents' tonight?"

I sighed, knowing I wasn't going to get what I wanted until I answered him. "Of course I did."

"I should let you suffer, you know." He pulled out and thrust back in, then held himself still again. "Just because you're so wicked."

I purposely clenched my muscles around him, smiling when he let out a deep grunt of frustration. "But you love me anyway." I raised my hips to take him deeper. "Now stop teasing and fuck me, dammit!"

He pulled himself almost completely out again, then drove deep. He stilled once more, then repeated the process. Smiling down at me, he continued his torment three more times. The man was driving me absolutely crazy.

"You know my mom knew what you were up to."

"Can we not talk about your parents right now?" I wrapped my legs around him and reached down and grabbed his ass, squeezing it and silently begging him to fuck me. I was so close, it wouldn't take much, and he knew that.

When I clenched my muscles around him again, the look on his face said he'd lost his control. His movements were frenzied as he drove in and out of me, harder, deeper than he'd ever done before. I could actually feel his cock hardening even more inside me.

My orgasm worked its way through my body, starting at where we were joined and radiating outward until I was writhing and crying out beneath him. With my arms wrapped around him, I dug my nails into his back and rode out the waves of intense pleasure.

His body tensed and I felt his cock swell before it erupted, bathing my womb with his seed. He held his body over me on trembling arms, then leaned down to kiss me. Rolling to his side, he pulled me close and I rested my head on his shoulder.

He took a few deep breaths, trying to regain his composure. "So much for retribution," he said, placing a kiss on the top of my head.

"Yeah. Next time you can tease me."

He chuckled. "Oh, you can count on it. Happy Anniversary, sweetheart."

"Happy Anniversary," I mumbled in reply, scooting in closer and drifting off to sleep.