 I can feel his lust as his eyes roam over my body, he smiles as he takes in my stilettos, stockings, black thong, and lace bra. My breathing instantly quickens under his gaze, the instantaneous desire, the intense craving. I slowly walk towards him, forcing myself to a steady pace, my stilettos rhythmically clicking on the hard wood floors. I too want to ravish his body, want to feel his hands on my flesh, his lips on my skin. I shiver with anticipation. Standing in front of him, I raise my arms over my head and stretch, arching my back. I close my eyes as my hands start to travel back down, gliding along my neck, briefly stopping to cup my breasts, sliding over my stomach to rest on my aching cunt. His hands wrap around me and squeeze my ass, his mouth comes down and kisses my neck. I play with his cock through his jeans, lightly massaging it, silently telling it to come out and play.

He guides me towards the bed and lays me down on the smooth satin bedding. My long chocolate hair spread out in waves over the dark red sheets. I smile up at him wickedly as he starts to strip, loving the way his tattoos enhance the definition of his muscles on his arms. He undoes the buttons on his jeans and slowly slides them off, his cock making a tent of his boxers before he slips those off too. Gazing at his naked body, my hands start to wander over my own figure. Tracing the lace of my bra with one finger, my other hand slips under the fabric of my thong. His eyes follow my hand and he can see my fingers reach out and stroke my freshly shaved lips through the sheer fabric. He stares as my middle finger slides into my slit, and I close my eyes to the world enjoying the pleasure I am bestowing upon myself. I let out a moan as two of my fingers slip into my cunt, slowly pumping in and out. Opening my eyes I see him stroking his shaft, pumping it to the same rhythm my fingers are following. I pull them out and bring them up to my lips, his eyes follow. My tongue flicks out and licks the tips of my fingers, he moans. I slowly suck one finger onto my mouth watching his reaction, he pumps his cock harder. I slide it out and begin to lick my juice off my other finger, lapping up every last bit of it before I trace a trail over my flesh back down to my cunt. 

Not wanting to be left out of my fun he kneels on the floor between my legs, his hands slide up their length as he places long soft kisses on the insides of my thighs. My one hand pinches a tender nipple while the other gently strokes my clit. He flicks out his tongue and the fabric between the heat of his mouth and the heat of my sex manages to amplify the sensation. I moan as his tongue becomes more persistent, forcing my thong into my slit. Placing both hands on his head I pull him closer to my sex, wanting him to make me cum, needing him to make me cum. His hands glide over my thighs up to my hips and he gently starts to slide my thong off, stopping his oral possession of my cunt only long enough to discard of the filmy material. He starts again with eagerness, knowing I like to be pleased, and also that I enjoy returning the favour. 

His goatee rubs against my bare lips as his tongue laps at my clit. The roughness against my smooth skin sends a tremble through my body. His hands grip my hips, his thumbs gently caress my creamy skin. I knot my fingers in his hair, tugging him closer, and start to gyrate my hips. Small gasps escape my mouth as his tongue starts to probe my cunt. He grips my hips harder forcing them to be still, he slides his tongue in and out, fucking it with skill. 

One of his hands moves to join his tongue and he starts to rub my clit with his thumb, slowly tracing circles around it. I let out a deep moan, savouring the feel of his skilled tongue. He removes his thumb and starts to suck on my clit, pulling it in between his teeth. Before I have the chance to mourn the emptyness within me he slides one finger in, then two, then three, and begins to thrust them in my cunt. The harder he sucks, the faster he pumps, the more I gasp. 

I start to buck, humping his face and fingers. My moans become louder as I come closer to climax. I dig my nails into his scalp as the first wave hits me. He drinks my nectar as it comes forth, not missing a drop. His fingers continue to pump me until my last convulsion subsides. 

I release my hold on his head and he looks up at me, chin wet with my juice. I beckon him forward and he comes to lay beside me. Taking his hand in mine I start to lick his fingers clean, sucking them into my mouth one by one, enjoying the scent and taste of my sex. I pull his head down to mine and place a kiss on his lips, my tongue lightly gliding along his bottom lip. Breaking away from the kiss I look up at him, my hand travels down to his semi-hard cock. Now it's my turn to return the favour...