 Prologue

This is the second of a series of tales from my youth written at an advanced age for fear lest they be lost forever. They are not the kind of stories that one passes down to his children, so I am presenting them in case anyone might be interested. For the first in the series look me up in "authors" and look for My Emily, the Series.

I had been thinking of Emily almost constantly since our reunion and sexual experiences of four weeks ago. She was certainly different from the chicks I had been seeing at the college. I had the feeling that she was somehow someone like me and I liked that a lot. The sex was great, but I was beginning to feel as if there might be more to it than that.

So here I am -- heading back to my home town on a Friday afternoon with another bottle of Chardonnay. I had talked to Emily on the phone and she sounded as if she were interested in seeing me again. I have not figured out what or when I am going to tell my folks. They most certainly would not approve of my "shacking up" with a young lady while I was attending college on their dime and I would hate to be caught in town without seeing them, but I can worry about that later.

I arrived at Emily's apartment and found her waiting for me at the door. I gave her a quick kiss and put down my bottle of wine on the coffee table. I noticed that she was wearing the same "button down the front" dress that she had worn when I last saw her.

I turned around as Emily came up to me and gave me a kiss that was much more intense than my perfunctory peck at the front door. She held my head with both of her hands and gave me full access to her eager mouth. I kissed her gently at first and then with more intensity. I explored gently with my tongue and her lips parted slightly. Our tongues played tag for a few moments before she drew back, allowing us to catch our breath.

"I'm glad that you've come back to me" she said with a smile. "I was afraid that I would never see you again," she said, looking me straight in the eyes. "I don't think I could stand to have us end like that."

I gave her another long, deep kiss and softly worked my way down her neck. As I toyed lightly along the sensitive skin of her neck, I moved a hand up and undid the top button of her dress. She made no move to stop me, in fact, holding me closer to her. Playing upon my obvious advantage here, I unfastened another of the buttons on the dress, exposing her smooth, bra-less breasts and her pink nipples. I moved my lips down her firm breast and licked lightly at her nipple. Emily gasped slightly as my tongue covered the hardened bud, then she moaned as I closed my mouth over her tit and sucked gently on that glorious mound.

As I sucked her nipple deeper into my mouth I started to fondle and knead her other breast. She gasped out in pleasure and pushed her chest closer to me to let me know that she was ready for more. I moved back to the other nipple and began to kiss and suck on it again.

Before I could finish what I had started, Emily moved back and, taking me by the hand, led me back towards the bedroom.

"Don't think to harshly of me if I'm coming on too fast", Emily said as she unbuttoned the remaining buttons, allowing her dress to fall to the floor. " I've thought of nothing else except how wonderful it was the last time we were together and I can't wait any longer."

I felt my cock immediately grow harder inside the confines of my underwear. I stared in awe at the gorgeous body displayed before me -- shapely legs, flat stomach small patch of pubic hair, perfectly shaped breasts, and a lovely face. I whispered, "You are so beautiful, Emily."

She just stood there and smiled at me for a second or two and then she sat down on edge of the bed with her feet on the floor. My eyes couldn't decide whether to stare at her neat little pubic patch, her perfect breasts, or her beautiful face -- they just kept going back and forth between the three. When our eyes finally met, Emily smiled at me again and moved back on the bed a little bit. She then put her feet upon the bed, spread her knees apart and rubbed her pussy with her hand.

As soon as she did this, I sensed what she wanted and I found that I wanted it too. I dropped to my knees between her legs and began to cover her thighs with hot, passionate kisses.

No sooner than I began kissing her there, her hands came down and gently ran over the back of my head. I could smell her excitement as I came closer to her treasure. I took a firm hold on Emily's rear end and pulled her hips into my face, burying my face in her pretty little pubic patch. I licked her pussy from top to bottom, enjoying the taste of her juices once again. Then I slid two fingers into her very wet pussy, moved up and started a tongue dance with her prominent clit.

Emily must have been really ready, for as soon as my tongue touching her clit she jammed her hips forward, and uttered a muffled scream as she launched into an orgasm. I was aware of an increase in the juices coming out of her pussy, covering my fingers, so I started lapping at her pussy like a dog to get all I could. I played tenderly on her clit with my free hand, intending to allow her to come down gently from a rather intense orgasm.

After a minute or so, I switched my mouth and fingers, returning to tonguing her clit while sticking a couple fingers inside her. As soon as I entered her pussy with my fingers, I must have found her G-spot, , bringing on a second peak just as intense as the first. I changed position, coming up to lay quietly beside Emily as she recovered from her second bout with complete sexual satisfaction.

I tried to continue kissing her breasts, but Emily pulled my head away from her chest and said, "Stop -- I can't take any more". 

A few moments later, Emily looked at me and then got up, leaving me there, lying on the bed. She went into the bathroom and returned in a few minutes with a warm washcloth and a towel. She wiped the remnants of her juices off my face and reached down, taking one of my hands and pulled me towards her.

I took the hint and stood up, kicking my moccasins off. Emily stood before me, naked as a jaybird and whispered in my ear, "Your turn." 

I smiled as I felt my shirt being pulled off. She tossed the shirt to the side of the room and immediately dropped to her knees in front of me, undoing my belt, fastener, and zipper and pulling my pants and boxers to the ground in one motion. My cock stood straight out pointing nearly straight up, completely thick with blood. I had not been so hard since our last time together. Emily looked at it, smiled up at me, and then pushed me backwards onto the bed. I fell backward, landing on the bed with my knees over the edge.

Emily moved between my legs, grabbing my cock with one hand, slowly stroking it with one hand. With her other hand, she cupped my balls and lowered her head and sucked one into her mouth and then the other. I propped myself up on my elbows so I could watch what she was doing to my poor, defenseless cock and balls.

She spent a few minutes sucking on my nuts, then, with no warning, I felt my balls drop and moments later saw Emily deep throat my cock. She had taken me so deep I could feel the back of her throat with the head of my cock. I nearly came right there, but I felt some relief as she slowly pulled her head back. I nearly shot off again as she quickly dropped her head deep over my cock again.

Emily started a swallowing action with my prick still buried deeply in her mouth. She also made a humming sound around my cock and the vibration nearly made me lose it again. I was trying my best not to cum but when she pulled her head slowly up and looked at me, I knew I could hold back no longer. She dropped her head again, my hips thrust up, and I let go of my load into the back of her throat. She choked a little, but she did not pull off my dick. She kept swallowing -- I must have kept cumming for over a minute, and even then Emily still kept my dick in her mouth while it slowly softened.

"Baby," I exclaimed, "that was wonderful! I never believed it could be like that." I meant every word of it.

She said "I hope I will have the chance to do that more often, but let's quit now and save something for later." That said, Emily got up from between my legs, picked up her dress, got a pair of shorts from a drawer, put them on and said, "How about ordering in a pizza and drinking some of that wine."

"By the way," she said as she left the room, "I've started taking the pill, so that is something you won't have to worry about."

I got up, went into the bathroom, came out and put my pants on, put the rest of my clothes on a chair, and went into the living room. I put in an order for pizza with pepperoni, black olives, and extra cheese and put the Chardonnay in the freezer for a quick chill.

We sat down on the sofa and flicked on the TV, she in her shorts and bare tits, and me in my pants only. The TV wasn't exciting, so we spent the time talking.

We talked about her job with a chain drug company at their local store, and while it wasn't exciting, it did provide enough money in addition to her government check on which to get by. I remember Emily told me about losing Johnny and coming back here because of her relatives. She continued on, telling me that after her husband was killed, how she shut herself away in a little mental box and that she had been in that box for almost a year now. 

She said, "When you came to see me and re-entered my life, I opened that box and came out. Now that I am out of the box, I do not want to go back in."

"You have given me my life back again and I'm afraid to be lonely anymore," she went on, "all I ask is that you keep me in your life either as a friend or a lover. I do not want to feel that I am facing the world by myself once more."

Well," I put in, "there are some things I have to consider. I am definitely going to finish my college education. Also, I have a problem with coming here to see you and not seeing my folks. After all, they are paying my way at school and I have to be fair to them. Besides, you haven't even met them yet."

I'm not saying that these things can't be worked out," I continued, "but we have to take our time and work out every detail."

Just then, the pizza man arrived and we put the serious stuff on hold for a little while. I got out the wine bottle and opened it while Emily sliced up the pizza. We turned on the TV and watched some junky show while we ate and sipped the wine.

After a while, I turned off the TV and found some "mood music" on the FM channel and sat back down next to Emily.

Remember, she was wearing only shorts -- no top, and I am wearing only my pants. It was a simple motion to reach around and caress her left breast. She put her head on my shoulder, obviously enjoying what I was doing.

I shifted my position, laying Emily down on the couch so that I could lick and suck her beautiful tits. I played my tongue over one of her erect nipples and caressed and squeezed the other. Emily began to move her body, shoving her breast into greater contact with my mouth and she began to moan in obvious enjoyment. 

I pulled away from her tit just long enough to ask, "Do you like it when I play with your nipples?" I don't remember if she answered or not, but since I was pretty sure of her answer, so I went back to her chest and picked up where I left off.

"Ohhhhhh," she finally replied, "My tits are so sensitive. I think I could cum just from having someone I cared for sucking on them." 

I moved my body between her legs, forcing her legs apart, and sucked one of her nipples into my mouth. I suckled gently and began to hump against her crotch.,

"Ohhhhhh, you're rubbing my clit," she moaned, "oh, keep sucking."

"Ohhhhhhhhhh YESSS!!!" Emily screamed as she wrapped both legs around me, pulling me tighter to her grinding body. After a while, her gyrations quieted down and she looked at me with those blue, blue eyes.

"Oh Chucky!" she whispered, "That was SO wonderful!" "Take me back to the bedroom," she almost groaned, "I want to feel you inside of me again."

We went back to the bedroom holding hands. When we got there, I turned her around to face me and unbuttoned her shorts, allowing them to fall to the floor. Next I took off my pants and threw them toward the chair.

Now I turned Emily around, letting my hands sliding down her belly to her Venus mound, and then running them down her thighs and up again, finally cupping her tits. I inserted my hardened dick between her legs and rocked back and forth, rubbing it lightly between her legs. 

After a while, I slowly pulled my cock from between Emily's legs and away from the entrance to her pussy, which was now very wet. I thought to myself, "This girl is READY." 

I turned her around again but she moved away from me and went toward the bed. Emily turned back to look at me and as she lay back on the bed, I could see on her face that she was eagerly awaiting what was to come. Looking down at this beautiful girl spread out on the bed, waiting for me made my dick harder than it already was.

"Make love to me nice and easy," she whispered, still looking into my eyes.

Looking at her intently, I moved forward on the bed and began to insert my cock slowly between her legs and into her eagerly awaiting pussy. I couldn't believe how tightly she fit around my cock as I thrust myself deeply inside of her valley of love.

Emily moaned softly and turned her face away from me. I began to slowly work my way in and out of her center of passion. 

"Ohhh," she cried out softly, "I can feel you deep inside of me. It feels so good."

Encouraged by her words, I began to administer a gentle love-making to her tight pussy. She moved her pelvis back at me and began to rock her body back and forth into my long, deep thrusts.

"Ohhhh," she softly encouraged me, "keep doing what you are doing."

I was looking forward to doing just that -- I felt a nice long fuck coming on so I began to suck on a breast and let my tongue toy with her hard little nipple. 

"Oh Chucky, I'm going to cum. Remember to kiss me when you cum!" she warned. "Oh yes!!, Oh yes!!, IT'S JUST TOO WONDERFUL!" she cried out as she arched her back, pulling me toward her with her hands around my back.

Once again her tight pussy milked my cock while her juices flowed.. Her cumming almost pushed me over the edge, but after my previous sexual activity I managed to hold back.

I continued to pay attention to her tits and nipples as she looked up and gazed at me with a look of blissful satisfaction. Still hard as a rock, I pulled out of her clinging pussy and rolled over on my back -- I needed a short breathing rest.

Emily got up, went into the bathroom, and returned a few minutes later with the now-usual washcloth and towel. She cleaned me up again and I remember thinking to myself, "Aren't we all creatures of habit."

Next she climbed back upon the bed, straddling me with both legs outside of mine, and began to ease herself down on my rampant spire.

"We need to take care of you," she whispered as she gazed down at me. Emily worked herself up and down, little by little, each time sliding a little more of my stiff member into her wonderful warm pussy. Finally, she was all the way in and stopped.

I flexed my dick inside of her to let her know I was ready. After a few moments of this, Emily began to move up and down on me again, lifting herself up and then dropping down to bury my pole all the way back in. The warmth and the tightness of her pussy signaled to me that I did not have long to go before I lost any control.

"Emily, I can't hold back much longer," I warned, not being sure of how she wanted to end this.

"Let it go," she encouraged. "This one's for you."

Her young breasts bouncing up and down as she continued to move on top of me were too much to take. I reached up and gave each of them a passionate squeeze as I shot load after load deep inside her pussy. I felt her vaginal muscles contracting on my prick as I came down from a fantastically satisfying orgasm. Emily let herself down into my arms and we just lay there, savoring the moment.

If there was any cleaning up this time, I slept through it. I was OUT.

Many hours later, I awoke to Emily's face looking down at me. "Good morning," she lovingly announced. I simply replied by leaning up and giving her a peck on the cheek. I noticed that she was wearing shorts again with no top. I headed for the bathroom, cleaned up a bit, put my pants back on and joined Emily in the kitchen.

"What would you like for breakfast?" she asked. She went on, "but before you decide, let me tell you that I only have cereal and milk, and maybe a banana if it's not too ripe."

So that's what we had, sitting across the table from one another. It felt pretty weird to be having breakfast with someone half naked, but I didn't mind the view of Emily's lightly tanned and toned semi-naked body, so I didn't say anything. However, looking at her perky breasts peering at me over the table while she ate was having an embarrassing effect on me as my dick began to rise again.

"Are you ready for more?" she said with a wicked smile as she noticed my staring at her luscious tits. I replied in the affirmative and she said, "Move your chair back and take your pants off -- there is something I have always wanted to try." 

She came toward me with a jar of strawberry jam in her hand. She smeared a glop of jelly on my erect dick, knelt down and, grabbing me around the base of my stiff member with her hand, took it into her mouth. I looked down to watch my cock disappearing into her mouth as she partook of the jelly she had smeared on it.

After a few moments of delightful sucking action, she came up for air and said, "That was better than I thought it would be. You'll have to try that on me sometime." Then she went back to what she had started.

I could feel another orgasm rising from within me and I gave warning, but Emily just nodded her head in response. I grabbed her head to kind of steady myself as I gave forth with shot after shot of my cum. She slowly let my shrinking prick slip from her mouth and I could tell that she had swallowed everything, including the strawberry jam.

"That was the best breakfast treat I have ever had," I said with a huge grin on my face.

I put my pants back on and we retreated to the living room and sat again on the sofa.

Emily surprised me by telling me that she thought I ought to go over to my parent's house for the rest of the weekend. She suggested telling them that a friend at college had paid me to take him to his home in a neighboring town since his car suddenly broke down and he was expected and that I was to bring him back Sunday night.

This was a perfect solution to my guilty feelings and since she had suggested it, I allowed as how I thought it might be a good idea. Besides, I was pretty well played out here.

Needless to say, that's what I did, bringing another fantastic visit with Emily to a close.