 I hadn't been to my hometown in almost twenty five years. I left the day after graduating high school and never looked back. The only thing that might have held me there was Jenny Stafford, but she left for a college three states away the same day. She went back to the books and I went to work.

Four years later, I heard she graduated with honors and married her college boyfriend. By then, I owned my own transmission shop and garage. The transmission shop paid the bills and the garage paid for the hot rods. The hot rods put money in the bank.

So, why was I back in this little one horse town? That was a good question and I didn't have any answer but circumstance. That and a road trip that took a wrong turn. As usual, there was a woman involved. A cute little blonde I met at the car show where I was showing my latest creation.

My name is Mike Miller for any that might care.

*****

After the show was over, the boys loaded everything up and I hauled ass with the blonde. My driver car is a 1932 Plymouth two door hardtop complete with suicide doors. You know, the ones that open backwards. It has a big block under the hood and power to spare. The blonde was impressed to say the least.

She was curled up on the tuck and rolled leather seat next to me and purring louder than the motor, as I played with her right breast, my arm draped across her shoulders. A thin silk blouse, no bra, and a rock hard nipple under my palm had my dick as hard as her nipple. The fact that she had her left hand between my legs wasn't hurting anything either.

We were rocking and rolling down the interstate south of Dallas and she was rattling on about the little town where she grew up. I was trying to remember where the nearest motel was and not listening very closely to her or paying very much attention to anything but her big ass boob.

"Hey! You do know there's a cop behind you, right?" She asked suddenly, turning in the seat.

Her breast moved from under my hand and I glanced up at the rearview mirror. Sure enough, blue lights were flashing behind me. "Shit!" I said as I changed lanes and then changed lanes again.

On the shoulder, I pulled to a stop as the blonde moved over on the seat. When I rolled down the driver's side window, I was greeted by a state troopers uniform.

"You were going a little fast, weren't you?" the officer asked.

"Uh, maybe a little," I said with a grin looking up at him. "I was slightly distracted for a few minutes."

He leaned over and looked at the blonde. She smiled sweetly at him as she buttoned up a couple of buttons on her blouse. The way she was sitting with one leg curled up on the seat had her legs spread. The soft silky material of her short shorts was pulled up tightly over her sex making a nice cameltoe.

He grinned. "Distractions do happen but they can be dangerous."

"Yes sir, I agree one hundred percent," I said leaning over to reach for my wallet.

"Nice car. You've been up at the car show, I take it?" He asked.

"Yes sir, I had a car in the show. It didn't take any prizes but it did get honorable mention." I told him.

He nodded and slapped his ticket book on his hand. "I'm going to give you a break and let you off with a warning." He leaned over and looked at the blonde. "You need to keep your seatbelt on young lady and stop distracting the driver."

She giggled, sat up straighter, and pushed out her chest. "He started it." Her hard nipples were making tents in the silk blouse.

The office chuckled and looked at me. "I was going to tell you to have a nice day but I think you have that covered."

"Is there a motel and someplace to eat at the next off ramp?" I asked.

"A motel and two truck stop cafés," he said with a wink. "From experience I can tell you the food is good at both of them."

I looked over at the blonde and licked my lips. "Buckle that seatbelt baby, it's time for some groceries, and I already know what I'm having for dessert."

With a giggle, she turned to face forward and clicked the lap belt in place. "I'm ready when you are."

The officer was walking back to his car when I started the motor and pulled away slowly.

*****

We had supper at a truck stop and I checked us in at the motel across the way. When I returned to the car, the first thing I noticed was the top four buttons on the young woman's blouse were undone. The side of her right breast was showing along with her fingertip sized nipple. I was grinning as I got in the car.

I parked in front of the room and got out. She slid across the seat to my side and looked up at me with her cute smile. "I've never been to a motel before. It makes me feel naughty."

"Why should it make you feel naughty? Everyone needs a shower and sleep ever so often," I said with a deadpan expression.

Her eyes got wide, her mouth opened for a moment and then she giggled and whispered, "You're teasing me, right."

I leaned over and traced a finger down the bare skin showing between her breasts. "Yes, I'm teasing you." I moved the finger to one side lifting the edge of her blouse until I could see her nipple and the large dark circle under it. Licking my lips, I moved the finger over the other way to expose that nipple and licked my lips again. She had a light tan and there were triangles of snow white skin over each breast.

She shivered as I looked at her right nipple and then whimpered as I looked at the left. "Are you going to suck on my nipples?" She asked with a breathy catch in her voice.

"Not out here," I said and then grinned. "But in the room, I'm going to lick them, suck on them, nibble on them, and probably chew on them."

She groaned softly as her right hand came over and rubbed the cameltoe between her legs. "What... what are you going to do to this?" she asked in a hushed whisper.

For a second I wondered if this was some kind of little girl foreplay and then I asked, "How old are you?"

"I, uh, just turned nineteen. That was my first job. My Uncle hired me to stand around and look pretty, as he called it."

"Nineteen or eighteen?" I asked with a frown on my face.

She looked down quickly and then whispered, "Eighteen."

"You got a driver's license?" I asked quickly.

"In my purse," she said as she looked up at me.

I shook my head; a guy couldn't be too safe these days. "Let me see it."

She leaned back and got her purse off the floor. Sitting back up she opened the purse and pulled the license out, and handed it to me.

"Christy Nickels," I read aloud. "Crispy Nipples," I said with a grin as I looked pointedly at her chest. "I should be able to remember that." The age figured out to be eighteen, just barely.

Handing the license back, I relaxed as she put it away. When she looked up at me, I offered her my hand and pulled her to her feet when she took it.

I guided her out of the way with an arm around her waist as I shut and locked the car door. She put an arm around my waist and hugged me as I unlocked and opened the motel room door. With the door open, she walked inside only to turn around and smile at me shyly as she unbuttoned the last two buttons on the blouse. She was taking the blouse off as I stepped inside and closed the door.

With the blouse off, her breasts were not as large as I had originally thought. They just looked larger on her slender frame. Her big nipples were so hard the circles under them were crinkled. She gave a little shivering shake as my eyes wandered over her breasts.

"I love the way you look at me," she whispered softly.

"You are very lovely to look at."

Her hands came up slowly and caressed her breasts but avoided the nipples. "My nipples ache, they are so hard from you looking at me."

Reaching out my hand, I brushed a fingertip against her left nipple. Even though her eyes followed the finger all the way, she still gave a little jerk at the touch. I moved the finger over and bushed the right nipple the same way. She jerked again.

I wondered just how much experience this young woman had and just how hard she would come when I did get my mouth and tongue on her nipples. Large nipples on most women did not seem as sensitive as ones with puffy nipples or small pebbly ones. Or at least that had been my experience.

"This uncle of yours, he never sucked on your nipples?" I asked just to see her reaction.

She got a shocked expression on her face for a moment and then giggled. "He's my uncle silly. He wouldn't do anything like that."

Yeah, right, I thought as I leaned over and swirled my tongue around her left nipple. She jerked and gasped loudly at the touch of my tongue. When I sucked the nipple between my lips and flicked it with the tip of my tongue, she groaned loudly and put her hands on my head. Between her hands pulling one way and her shoving that breast against my face, it was getting hard to breath.

I pulled my head back, swept her up in my arms, took the three steps to the side of the bed, and dropped her on the silky comforter. She bounced twice with a squealing giggle. I pulled off one short white boot and then the other, tossing them on the floor.

She was laughing as she did the backstroke across the bed, taking the blouse off as she went. She ended up in the middle of it with her shorts in her hand. She whirled them around and around and then sailed them off across the room. Completely nude, she was awesome to behold. From the thin fuzzy hair on her sex, she was a real and true blonde.

"Damn, what a sexy package," I whispered as I started to unbutton my shirt. Her bikini line was snow white around her sex.

Christy watched as I took off my shirt, her eyes darting here and there. I tossed it on the chair in the corner and toed off my boots. Her eyes darted to my ass as I bent over to take off my socks. I grinned at that for some reason.

Her eyes followed my hands as I undid my belt, unsnapped my jeans, and lowered the zipper. She licked her lips and chewed on her lower lip as I pushed the jeans down. I was not wearing underwear so my dick jumped up and slapped my belly as it came free. Her eyes got big and then she grinned.

I tossed the jeans on the chair and crawled onto the bed. She squirmed and brought her hands up to cover and caress her breasts. I gathered her legs up as I moved forward until her knees where up next to her ears. She giggled and then gave out with a soft yell as my tongue zeroed in on her wet open sex.

Her pussy was hot, sweet, and very juicy. As I fucked her with my tongue, it got even hotter and wetter. She had a double handful of my hair and was trying to curl up around my head. There was a loud growling sound coming from deep in her chest that ended with a sharp yell as she came and came very hard.

Her ass was jumping around so much I could not keep my tongue on her, much less in her. I uncurled her and lay down on top of her to lick and gently suck on her nipples. Her head was rolling back and forth on the bed and the growl was back even louder. Her hands were still in my hair and she was pulling me away one second and pushing me down the next. Again, I wondered just how much experience this young woman had.

As the growl slacked off, I raised my head and looked at her face. Her eyes were tightly shut and her mouth was open to aid her heavy breathing. As her breathing slowed, she groaned and whispered, "Holy shit! There's nothing... like jumping in... head first."

I wasn't sure if she was talking about her or me, so I didn't say anything, I just waited to see if she was going to say more. After a minute or so, she groaned again and flexed her hips against my lower belly. She licked her lips and asked, "Is there anything to drink?"

Rolling off her, I went into the bathroom. Unwrapping one of the plastic glasses, I filled it with cold tap water and returned to sit on the side of the bed. With a soft groan, Christy sat up and I handed her the glass. She downed it all in one go and handed me the glass back.

"More?" I asked and she shook her head as she looked at me shyly.

"That was very interesting and totally unexpected," she whispered.

"It hadn't happened before, that was the first time?" I asked.

She giggled and shook her head. "It happened once before but not like that. He was all shy and didn't seem to know exactly what to do. He seemed to be scared to really get into it. It lasted all of twenty seconds, maybe."

Taking a deep breath, she fell back on the bed. "You on the other hand seemed to know exactly what you were doing and you sure weren't afraid to do it."

I sat the glass on the bedside table and leaned over to brush my lips against hers. Her eyes were closed and she gave a jerk as my lips met hers. Then her arms were around my neck and she was kissing the hell out of me. I tried to give as good as I got. There should have been smoke coming out of my ears by the time she broke the kiss and let go of my neck.

She sighed deeply and shivered hard. "Now that is what I call a kiss," she whispered and looked up at me with a big smile on her face.

"That kiss was as much you as it was me," I told her as I turned and lay down on the bed next to her.

She giggled and rolled over toward me. "It was the taste of my pussy on your lips and tongue more than anything."

I grinned and whispered, "Ah yes, the forbidden fruit. Wait until I fuck you and then let you suck your flavor off my dick."

Christy shivered and then whimpered softly. "I like sucking a dick but I don't have much practice at it. Most of the guys I've dated were in too much of a hurry for the main event, shall we say."

"Such a deal I have for you," I said with a chuckle as I rolled over on my back and raised my dick straight up in the air.

Christy whimpered softly and looked around. "The lights are on," she whispered shyly.

"Yes, they are," I said as I wiggled my dick back and forth. "That way I can watch you."

She shivered hard. "No one has ever done that. I've always done it in the dark."

"Everything is better in the light," I said with a wink as I wiggled my dick again.

She groaned softly and wiggled down in the bed until her head was even with my dick. She looked up at me quickly and then back at my dick. She made a soft whimpering sound as she moved closer to it. Her tongue shot out and took a quick lick at the head. I pushed it closer to her mouth until it touched her lips. The whimper was back stronger as she swirled her tongue around the head and then slurped it into her mouth. Her tongue was going ninety to nothing as she sucked hard.

"Ease up on the suction and slow down, this isn't a race. Take your time so we can both enjoy it," I coached.

She moaned around the head of my dick and did as I said, her eyes coming up to look at my face. When I smiled back at her, she groaned loudly and looked away. "See, that's much better isn't it," I whispered softly. She whimpered and tried to nod her head. Her mouth moved up and down on my shaft.

"Keep bobbing your head like that and see just how much you can swallow," I whispered.

That brought an even bigger moan that was drawn out as she started to bob her head. Her head went lower and lower. About the same time her nose touched my pubic hair, the head of my dick touched the back of her throat.

"Perfect," I said with a soft groan of my own.

She swirled her tongue back and forth around the base and pushed her head down harder. I could feel her throat moving around the head before she quickly lifted her mouth completely off me. She looked my way and grinned. "I swallowed the whole thing," she said and then giggled. "I've masturbated to that image for a very long time."

"Don't talk with your mouth full," I said with a grin of my own.

Christy looked confused for a second and then giggled. "Oh yeah, I was doing something, wasn't I."

"And very well, I might add," I replied as she sucked the head of my dick back into her warm sweet mouth. She looked so good sucking a dick.

She worked my dick over from the head to the base. Each time the head touched her throat, she would whimper and moan as her hips flexed slowly. I wondered if she could get off just sucking my dick. I knew I could if I relaxed and let myself. But like the other guys my mind was on the main event as she called it.

With a grin I asked, "Do you swallow or spit?"

When she started to raise her head, I put my hand on the back of her head and pushed it back down. She groaned and then moaned as the head touched the back of her throat. I held her head in place and flexed my hips up and back slowly. The moan grew louder and louder. The vibrations felt great so I pushed up a little higher.

Christy tried to lift her head away from my dick and then jammed me even farther down her throat as her lower body gave several quick hard jerks. She was growling again deep in her chest as she came for the second time. I was pretty damned close myself.

A moment later, she tried to lift her head and I let her. Her tongue pressed against the side of my shaft firmly and the head rubbed along the roof of her mouth as she raised her head. I almost came at that point. Then she popped me out of her mouth and rolled over flat on her back with a soft groan.

"That good, huh?" I asked with a grin.

"I've never done that before. Coming while sucking a dick, that is," she said in a whisper.

"I almost painted your tonsils." I told her.

"Why... uh... why didn't you?"

"I'm saving that for later."

She shivered and looked up at me. "If you had, I would have came even harder."

"Yeah, you probably would have but on the other hand, you would have to wait for the main event, so to speak. As it is, I'm still ready anytime you are," I said as I raised my dick and wiggled it back and forth slowly.

Her eyes followed the movement of my dick and a big grin crossed her face. "Can I get on top?"

"Anytime and anyplace," I replied softly.

"I've never been on top before."

"Then it's about time," I said. When she rolled over on her side, I chuckled. "I didn't mean right this second. Rest a little bit. That orgasm looked like a beauty from where I am."

Christy nodded. "Not as hard as the first one but well above average."

She was looking at my dick. so I wiggled it again. "I am so wet," she whispered a few seconds later. "I'm wondering how far down that thing I can slide in one go."

"There is only one way to find out," I said as I wiggled my dick again.

She was straddling my hips and rubbing her wet opening against the head of my dick in seconds flat. I centered the head up in her hot slippery opening and held it there. Her eyes slowly closed and then her mouth slowly opened as she sat down on my shaft. She made it about halfway down before she had to stop and move up a little on it.

The farther down she sank the tighter she got. On the second try, she lacked an inch touching my hips with her tight hard ass. She was shaking with excitement as she lifted up a few inches and sat down hard. Her ass slapped against my hips and her eyes few open. She was growling softly deep in her chest.

"Not all in one go but it's all in there," I whispered.

She growled louder and rocked her hips back and forth and from side to side. The growl got louder and her hips started to jerk as she slowly leaned forward. When she lay down on my chest, I wrapped my arms around her and flipped us over.

With me on top, I started to fuck her with long slow strokes. She roared as she fucked me back at the bottom of each stroke. I fucked her harder and faster. Her hips were jerking and jumping under me so I pounded her harder. Suddenly, I was coming for all I was worth and buried deep in her tight, clinging, pulsing pussy. She yelled long and loud, as did I.

*****

Sometime later, I rolled us over until she was on top again. Then I felt around until I could pull the bedspread over us. She was out of it and I was nearly there myself. Man what a fuck, was my last thought before I fell sleep.
