 It was many years ago, I kept telling myself.  We're both older, each with children, and living in different states.  However, I could not get her out of my mind.  

Maria and I have been friends for over 15 years, meeting when she first moved to my apartment building with her husband.  It was an immedate attraction, but one that was restrained for the obvious reasons.  I was single, she was not.  However, that did not stop us from going out together, sometimes alone, sometimes me with a date and she with her husband.  

On many occasions, while sharing a table with the others, her hand would wander to my leg, or she'd brush her leg against mine under the table.  I always passed this off as her Meditteranean way of being friendly (at least that's what I kept convincing myself of!). 

Over time, things deteriorated with her husband, and before she moved back to Chicago (her hometown), she spent a week with me, awaiting the moving trucks and getting prepped for her return.  We had one brief yet fulfilling sexual encounter during her stay, as I tried to keep a safe distance considering she was in the midst of a terrible time.  

Once back in Chicago, however, she began telephoning and we'd talk for hours about this, that and the other thing.  After about a month, I decided to make a trip to Chicago to visit her.  She met me at the airport, and she looked better than ever, with the stress of the disolved marriage and the move over.  

We went to her apartment downtown, unloaded my bags, and just hit the town, walking from cafe to cafe, hand in hand and enjoying each other.  It was a weekend that was filled with wonderful and intimate experiences, where we learned about each other's likes and dislikes in bed.  We took showers together, enjoyed performing oral sex on each other, and played with some light and creative gymnastic positions that stimulated our passions and reinforced our newly changed affections for each other.  

It was finally time to return home, and Maria and I shared a few more exciting weekends like that over the next few years. 

Now, it's over 10 years past.  We've moved on to other lives, but have kept in touch.  Recently, we accelerated our periodic talks and emails to almost weekly.  This, of course, stirred physical and emotional twinges in both of us, and we decided that, 'just for old times' sake', we'd get together for a weekend.  

It was a logistical challenge, as we both have spouses and children to contend with now (she remarried about four years ago, I about five).  It did work out, however, that I could make a trip to Chicago on a work-related reason, so the date was set.   

Upon arriving in Chicago, I took the train into the center of town, and a cab to the hotel that we arranged to meet at.  She had left the room number on my cellphone, so I had no reason to stop by the front desk.  I quickly passed the concierge station, entered the elevator, and pressed 18.  Exiting the elevator, I followed the signs to room 1841.  I could smell the scented candles in the hallway, knowing now that she was as excited about this weekend as I was.

Taking a final breath to clear the guilt that was stirring, I knocked on the door.  It opened, slowly, to reveal a darkened room with floor to ceiling curtains closed.  I could only imagine the view once they were opened.  The smell of the candles, coupled with the fresh scent of a recent shower filled the room.  

A slender and olive-skinned arm reached out from behind the door, offering a glass filled with Amoretto (our favorite drink for pouring and tasting on each other in the past!)  My smile widened, as I took the glass, followed the arm around the door, and saw her.  She looked even better than I remembered her, and her trim body was toned and muscular as she stood in a loosely wrapped silk robe.  

Her breasts, which have always been an asset for her, filled the robe nicely, ending in two protruding nipples, hardened with anticipation.  Her hair, always curly and shoulder length, was still wet from her shower.  Her gently perfumed body glistened with a light application of oil.  

I pulled her toward me, offered her a sip from the Amoretto glass, and said "It's great to see you, Maria....I've missed you". 

She completed her sip, licked her lips, and returned  "I've missed you so very much, Paul...so very much".  

We kissed, gently at first, and then a little more aggressively.  Her hands, so soft yet strong, rubbed my neck, back and eventually my butt.  Though in my early 40's, I am in above-average shape and she commented that I felt as wonderful now as I did 10 years ago.  I could not help but respond that she, too, has kept herself well.  

My hands roamed over her shoulders, caressing her neck and back.  My kisses moved to her neck, and she rocked her head back, exposing the front of her neck and upper chest to me.  

A slight moan escaped both of us, as I moved down on her neck and chin, kissing and licking a path toward her clavicles and eventually to her upper chest.  Her hands began pulling my head lower, toward her barely covered breasts.  I began to lose myself in her scent, and let my hands now slide down to her hips, and eventually to the front of the robe, untying the silky belt.  

The robe draped open, and Maria gasped as I moved my hands to her now naked hips, lowering my head to her breasts.  Taking turns on each of them, I massaged her nipples with my tongue,  gently kneading her hips and fine ass with my hands.  I could sense her tensing and then relaxing, trying to accept what was happening to her and to us.  

I pushed her back lightly, pressing her against the wall, and continued my descent with my tongue.  I now had her right leg in my hand, gently draping it over my left shoulder.  My tongue began licking her thigh, as my right hand snaked under her left leg and worked its way around to rest right above her now wet sex.   

Reaching with my right hand, I gently pried open her lips, revelling in the fact that she was nearly bare, leaving just a trace of hair to direct me.  My left hand now closed in on her, pulling her lips apart a little further.  Moving my tongue from her inner thigh, across her stomach to her left thigh, brought about a louder moan, and her hands moved again to the back of my head.

"Please, Paul...do it...lick me.  I've waited too long".  

With that prompting, I began to move my tongue into and over her slit.  Sucking on her clitoris and then lapping her in long, luxorious strokes.  She was going crazy.  I used my thumbs now to pull her apart even further, and became more animated in my actions... moving faster and slower, deeper and more penetrating.  

I could feel her body tensing, and within seconds felt her become rigid with orgasmic release.  She shook and screamed out "Yessss....Yesssss....Oh God, Yesssssss!" as my hands kept on her, holding her in place as I continued to lick her.  

Finally, she pulled my head away, looked down at me and gasped "Please...stop...  I can't take it any more....I ... need ...to sit down".  Her legs were shaking, and I could see her breathing was deep.

As soon as she sat on the edge of the bed, she reached for me.  I extend my hand, and she pulled me closer, moving her hands to my belt buckle to remove my jeans.  I had a slightly damp spot on my jeans, as the excitement of being with her already had me aroused.  

She removed my shoes, jeans, and then my boxers, finally freeing my hard erection.  Lovingly, she held it, looked up at me with her beautiful brown eyes, and took me into her mouth.  It was warm, wet and inviting.  She worked me up and down, savoring the feeling of having my cock deep in her mouth.  

She leaned forward, taking me even deeper, and began to fondle my balls and tickle the spot between my balls and ass.  Soon, she grabbed my hips with both hands, and began pulling me into her mouth, urging me to fuck her mouth hard.  I could not last much longer, and soon began to release a large load of cum into her mouth.  She moaned, sucked harder, and drained me, urging me on with two or three more sucks.  

Releasing my now drained cock from her mouth, she smiled, moved her breasts against my shrinking member, and cooed "I loved sucking your cock years ago, and love it still.  This weekend is for you!"  

With that, she stood slowly and gracefully moved over to the table, returning with the glass of Amoretto and offered it to me.  "Taste as you wish, my lover....there's plenty of it".  

Taking the glass, I layed her back onto the bed, sipping the warming alcohol, and moved to the curtains.  It was dusk now, and I thought the open windows, with a view overlooking Navy Pier, would provide much stimulation for us.  

I returned to the bed, and dribbled a little Amoretto on her stomach and breasts.  She smiled, and gasped at the coolness of the liquid on her warm and sultry body.  I licked the passion-juice from her skin, poured some more on her lower stomach, and did the same.  Next, of course, I poured a little on her sweet love tunnel, and lapped it up.  

She moved slightly, allowing better access to her, and it began all over again.  After a few minutes, I was hard again, and could not wait to enter her.

I pulled her hips up and twisted her to her stomach.  She always loved it doggy-style, and this was going to be the way she took it first after so many years. 

I placed my cock head against her wet slit, poured a little more Amoretto onto her back and neck, and began to lick it off as I gently moved into her.  The combination of the cold liquid, my hot tongue, and my cock sliding into her drove her insane.  She pushed back strongly, urging me deeper and deeper into her.  

I placed my hands on her hips, pulling her to me harder and faster.  She arched her back, looked over her shoulder, and said "Yesss...God, Paul.. yess....fuck me hard.  Do it to me hard.   Deeper.....harder....deeper... Oh, Yessssss!"  

I picked her up, not sliding out of her, and moved her to the large windows, with her hands pressed against the glass.  I stayed behind her, continually ramming into her, and reached around to fondle her breasts and nipples.  I pinched them, pulled them and squeezed them hard.  She kept rocking back into me, all the while moaning and begging me not to stop...not now, not ever.  I pulled her just a little further away from the glass, bent her over a little more, and continued to push into her, harder and harder.   

She began to cum,  moans and squeals escaping her mouth.  She reached down, began playing with herself, and finally gasped out loud in orgasmic zeal.  I could not contain myself any longer, and began to shoot into her, long, hard and deep.  

We rested for a moment, panting and gently stroking each other.  I noticed imprints on her hips and ass, where I had my hands earlier (it must have been quite a grip), and also I could see  her palm prints on the window,  the sign that she just had a wonderful fuck from behind.   

After sliding out of her, I gently carried her over to the shower.  Getting the water nice and hot, I urged her in, followed her, and we began to clean each other, basking in the afterglow of a wonderfully refreshing release. 

"I love you, Paul....I always have", she said as we lathered up our bodies.   

"I know, Maria....I've always loved you.  Our timing was off in the past, but we've got this weekend to share.  Who knows what the future may bring?".   

With that, she smiled, lathered up my cock, stroked it for a while and rinsed it with hot water.  It sprang to life, she looked down, and said "Yes...and it's just beginning" as she dropped to her knees....


to be continued