 I had been living off the memory of me and Kate for six months. I stroked myself to completion in the shower dozens of times in the last six months thinking about how she sucked my dick. She did this not out of pity, rather out of recognition of a need involving a friend. I can still see her head bobbing back and forth and from side to side. I can still hear the slurping and humming sounds coming from her mouth. I can still feel my heart beating out of my chest, feeling like I was going to explode from the passion. Kate was amazing. If I live to be 100 I'll never forget her.

When I would see her at work it was hard to concentrate. It was hard to pretend that we hadn't had that episode in my storage closet, hard to pretend that I don't want to reach out and run my fingers through the golden strands of hair that frame her face. It's hard to pretend that I don't want to gaze into those hazel-brown eyes and kiss her soft lips. It's hard to pretend in front of coworkers that when we talk, it's just about our students.

When I see Kate I want to touch her. I want to hug her tightly and smell her neck. I want to kiss her deeply. I yearn pull her close to me and plant wet kisses on her mouth. I want to squeeze the golden cheeks of her ass and press her crotch against mine. Oh, how I wished I could show her how hard and how long and thick my cock gets when I think about her.

Well, wishes do come true.

As the new school year started we became closer friends and developed a lot of trust between us. We started to talk on the phone and exchanged text messages almost every day. We even had dinner and several breakfast times together; not really "dates" but friends enjoying each other's company.

During the winter months our conversations ran the gammit from sexually charged to just plain old friendly talk. Yet the new year brought an explosion of emotion and raw lust between us.

My wife and kids were in Orlando, Florida visiting Disney World and running races.

That means I not only had the house to myself but I had my schedule to myself as well.

I went to work like I was supposed to and tried to stay out of trouble and it all came to a head (so to speak) when Kate invited me to yoga Saturday morning. Kate looks like Uma Thurman with some 36D's rounding out her figure. Why in the hell would I say no to that?

So I put on some comfortable clothes and met Kate at the yoga studio. My body was flexible enough to attend a little bit of yoga so I felt comfortable and ready.

We had a good time. I think my favorite yoga pose was the "get down dog" pose. She was bent face down ass up. I was positioned behind Kate and she was sight to behold. She is almost my height but her stature and her posture make her look larger than life. Her breasts are perfect, looking big enough to be sexy but not a burden to her slim, athletic frame. Her hips had just enough feminine curve to them to speak of fertility and her ass was inviting. What a view. My eyes cascaded over her form over and over again through all of the stretching and poses. I could see the puffy outline of her vagina as she bent forward, the material of her jogging pants fighting a losing battle with her sex. When we were done I was out of breath as if I had just had one of my long workouts at the YMCA.

Afterwards we made our way to Big Boy, an American restaurant, our original "date" spot. We had a light lunch and everything was fine. The sexual tension was there like it always is but we always seem to enter the phrase "just friends" into our conversation. Then out of nowhere Kate asked: "so, would you like some company?"

(gulp) "Yes", I managed to sputter after an uncomfortable pause.

So we made our way to my house and we sat on the couch talking for a bit.

We both managed to keep our cool, outward appearances but it was shortlived as we were both on fire.

I invited her up my room and we crossed all those lines that had been blurred between us in the last six months.

I took her in my arms, looked into sultry eyes and kissed her for what seemed like hours. Even after the yoga workout her skin smelled alluring. Our tongues darted in and out and up and down. My hands, no longer under control, kneaded and squeezed kate all over her gorgeous, curvy body. I pulled her shirt over her head and unsnapped her bra to liberate the most amazing breasts I have ever seen. They were big, round and full. They were soft and they were oh, so warm. My mouth is watering right now just telling you about them. The nipples were puffy and intoxicating. I sucked them and pinched them and they responded in friendly fashion to my attentions. We fell to the bed where we continued this passionate embrace, groping at each other as if starving for touch.

I made my way down to her belly button and kissed it gently and nibbled it playfully. She giggled her approval and a lingered there awhile, steadily gaining confidence.

Down I went. Down, down, down.

The scent of her womanhood, spiked by the physical movements of yoga, was so..."musky?", not dirty or smelly, but just so naturally nice. There are only a couple of fragrancies in the world that cannot be duplicated. One of them is a new car. But that can NEVER compare to the wonderful perfume that flowed from Kate. 

"Oh Kate, you smell so nice", I told her. "I have to taste you." I have got to have you, oh Kate, let me..." my voice trailed off as I ripped down her jogging pants and panties with one motion and threw them across the room. 

I kissed her budding lips gently and inhaled the aroma of her pussy as it opened like a flower blooming in the spring. Her gash was garnished with just a hint of silky, golden wisps of hair. I planted my tongue just above her butt hole and slowly, oh so slowly ran it upwards pass the leaky opening of her vagina, up and around her clit. Then I kiss kiss kissed my way back down. As sucked and nibbled and kissed her wet spot I continued to squeeze and mold and pull on her nipples and breasts. Panting squeals of pleasure escaped her mouth and mammal-like noised came from her throat. That same lovely throat that I coated with my essence nearly 180 days ago. 

Finally I made my way to her swollen joy button. I made a whistle shape with my lips and encased it in the center of. I slowly then quickly, then slowly flicked her clitoris with my tongue. Then I bobbed my head up and down, simulating a blowjob, returning the favor. I got a sweet nectar treat by sucking and licking and flicking and twirling her pleasure with my mouth with was leaking as well. 

Not wanting to scratch her delicate insides, I bent my middle finger at the knucke and inserted that into her as far as I could. I rotated my middle finger gently inside the opening of her womb while rotating my tongue arouned the hood of her clit. Her breathing got deeper and and louder. She moaned and groaned her approval and ran her fingers through my wavy hair. Her skin started to redden, sweat beaded on her brow and her nipples continued to harden while her bossom rose and fell faster and faster.

I was a man possessed, trying to stay under control and not scare or hurt Kate. "Oh Kate, I'm so glad to know you, you mean so much to me." I whispered before I ran my tongue from her clitoris to her waiting, sweltering hole. "Kate, I love you." I panted before I inserted my tongue into her and wiggled it wildly. I again drew my head back and forth, going in and out, tongue-fucking Kate as deeply as my tongue would allow. Within minutes Kate began to climb higher and higher in ecstacy. She grinded her pelvis savagely against my tongue drawing me in deeper and deeper. She finally grabbed my head and raised her hips off the bed and unleashed a loud, shameless orgasm.

I caressed her thighs, stomach and her chest between her breasts as she caught her breath. I swiped the hair from her eyes and kissed her forehead. I made my way down her temples and kissed her on the lips. I softly kissed her neck and gave me warm, "thank you" hug.

Next I got off the bed and took my t-shirt off. I've been working out a lot since I heard Kate describe someone as a "hardbody". I wanted her to say the say that about me so I've been lifting weights like crazy. She gasped as she saw my chest, arms and stomach. She knows that I've been exercising and running but she was clearly delighted and surprised to be seeing me this way.

There I stood, about 5 foot 9 and about 170 pounds. Not a very tall man, nor am I very bulky. Yet, I felt desirable the way she gazed at my body. "I've been wating to see your body, your whole body, for a long time Matthew," she said.

Eager to please her I quickly stripped off the rest of my clothes. Again she exhaled deeply when she saw my dick. It hung there dark and heavy, half way down my thigh. As I walked toward her on the bed, my cock swung back and forth semi-hard, pulsing with anticipation, already dribbling a little precum from the large mushroom shaped head. Obviously she had touched it before, swallowed it even. I sensed, however that she was now ready to really feel it for herself.

I laid down next to her on the bed and we engulfed each other in a warm embrace. Again, kissing her passionately as I put one arm under her shoulders and the other on her warm, soft tummy. She reached down and began to stroke the shaft and playfully tickled the head of my penis. She reached my balls and fondled them warmly/lustifully. 

My manhood likes Kate. It stiffened and the veins along the side of my dick swelled, giving it the appearance of one big, stiff, veiny muscle. The hunger in her kisses gave me encouragement and I quickly mounted Kate, all the while kissing her and nibbling her ears and neck.

Entering Kate was like getting into a hot jacuzzi after a swim in cool water. The heat was shocking, the pressure and tightness maddening. A gust of wind left me and a deep beastly groan bellowed from my chest. Her insides felt as if they were lined with melted wax. The grip she had on my cock with her core muscles was just this side of painful. We started to rock together in unison, with each stroke, building momentum and speed. She liked how a put a twist in my hips and keep up the rhythm like a drum beat nudging her guts with deep, long strokes. Her hands glided over my chest and back, admiring the fruits of my workout routine. I let out a little giggle when she reached down to squeeze my rock hard butt and pull me in even deep into her being.

We kept up a good pace and we kept eye contact for unbearable lenghts of time. Finally my passion for this woman and the sensations were just too much to handle and my eyes slammed shut. She bit my ear and almost sent me over the edge when she whispered with her sweet voice: "fuck me Hardbody."

I let out a helpless moan but regained my compuser and kept pounding away.

Sensing that I might be losing the fight, this experienced friend of mine in one fluid motion pulled me down to her, rolled us over and climbed on top of me. She began to ride and buck up and down on me with determination. It was extremely pleasureable to have her reach behind herself and caress my balls in a skillful way. I especially liked it when she scooted her feet up so she was flat footed, squating on top of me. She put her the palms of her hands on my strong chest to brace herself. In this position as she pumped her body up and down I could see her golden breasts bounce and her entire body pulse to a sexual beat. I could also see my dick going in and out of her hot pink pussy. I liked the way her inner lips grasped the shaft and flapped back and forth with each deep entry. We both emitted low grunts when the head of my penis reached her cervix again and again and again. DAMN.

One time Kate sent me a picture of herself wearing a pink bikini. I told myself "if I ever get to hit that I'm gonna wear her ass out." I would sit and daydream about that ass and fantasize about doing it with her doggy style. So now it was time for me to flip her. I grabbed her, kissed her moist lips and then turned her over on her stomach. I playfully patted her on her bottom and said "On your hands and knees for Daddy." "That's it, good girl." as she got on all fours. Before fucking her doggie style, I took one last lick of her femininity like an ice cream cone. "ohhh god" was her encouraging reply, so I did it again. FUN

Her ass was beautiful. It was toned, it was round, it was firm, and the skin was soft. It was all that I imagined.

Again I enter her and picked up a nice pace. She met my thrusts by backing her ass up into my pelvis. Clap clap clap clap was the sound or our bodies colliding together as Marvin Gaye serinaded us with songs like "Sexual Healing".

Her back was muscular and feminine. It arched and flexed with every thrust. Our breathing quickened, and sweat glistened and rolled off our bodies. I grabbed her by the shoulders, massaging them and coaxing her whole body towards my own, aiming my prick to the deepest depths of Kate. We raced and we bumped and we panted. I grabbed her hips and arched my own back in an attempt to feel every inch of her velvety wet, pinkness. 

I started to swell, ballooning up thicker so more of my dick pressed against the tender walls of her pussy. The veins that are wrapped in a tangle around my dick started to fill up to capacity. My balls broiled and vibrated in anticipation of a bone rattling orgasm. The head of my penis nearly doubled in thickness in preparation for splashing her womb with my warm, thick sperm. 

The end was mind-blowing. I came with a fury that could've been mistaken as anger. Still not wanting to hurt or scare Kate, I kept a tiny bit of control over my escalating emotions. I was able to bring Kate to another orgasm as we finished our scintillating dance of lust and discovery. We continued our movements until there was just no more left. We fell together in a heap on the bed, wet, sticky, spent, and satisfied. After cleaning up a bit, we lay there with her back to me, basking in the moment, and appreciating the quiet. I think we dozed off for a moment. Whispers of "Wow kate" and "Wow Harbody" and then blissful, restful silence.

Whew!

What a way to bring in the new year. Kate and I had a great time. We still try to ignore each other as much as we can at work. We'll see how we're doing in another six months.