 I told you about the "Chocolate Kisses" incident, well, afterwards we went to my bedroom and just cuddled for a bit before we went to sleep. Sara wasn't interested in anything else, she just said that she wanted to repay me for being there when she needed me. Well, that was all fine and dandy, but I really wanted to return the favor, but that would have to wait for the next night.

When Sara and I first started dating, we agreed that Wednesday was "Hump Day". So every wed we had a standing date to help the day live up to it's nick. Work always goes slow that day, as my mind drifts to the night ahead. And this specific wed was extremely long because I really wanted to return the favor from last night.

Finally, the clock showed 5:00 and I was free from the office, only to be held up in traffic. As I sat there, staring off into the break lights right in front of me, my cell phone rang. The caller ID let me know that it was Sara. "Hey babe." I said when I answered the phone.

"Hey yourself. How was your day?"

"You know, the usual. It was a long and hard day."

"Mmm, long and hard, huh? Sounds like a good day then."

I laughed into the phone. "Not quite what I meant."

"A girl can dream can't she? Anyway, I got home early and I was wondering if you wanted come by here since it is closer."

"Sounds great, anything to get out of this damn traffic, and get to see you sooner, too, of course. I should be over in a half an hour or so."

"Well, I'll just have to find a way to occupy my time until then. See you soon, sweetie."

Let me tell you, if I thought that the traffic was going slow before that phone call, I thought that it was twice as slow afterwards. The whole trip I couldn't get images of Sara out of my mind. At one point when I was thinking about Sara in her pink teddy, spreading her legs, and fingering herself, I looked over and this woman gave me a discussed look. I guess that my thoughts were plain for anyone to see. I'm just amazed with so much day dreaming that I didn't get into an accident.

After what seemed like forever, I made it to Sara's place and I rushed up the stairs to her door. I knocked, and waited. My patience was certainly at an all time low, but finally she opened the door. "Hi there, sweetie." She said as she opened the door.

I didn't have any more control left, so instead of responding, I just looked at her and smiled, before walking through the door. Immediately I started kissing her, and kicked the door closed with my foot. I must have been really aggressive, because the next thing I knew we had crossed the hallway and she had her back against the wall. I still didn't stop kissing her. Our tongues intertwined and I tasted her mouth, I was so turned on, I just couldn't help myself. As we kissed, I started to feel her up through her shirt and bra. I found the nipple, which as easy because they were had, and flicked it through the fabric. God, it was so great, and I could tell that Sara was just as into it as I was.

After a few minutes of that we broke apart for a moment, so we could catch our breaths. "When you came in I was going to ask if you were hungry," she started, "I take it that you are, but not for food."

Panting, I said, "I couldn't get you out of my mind all day. Last night was so wonderful, and I couldn't help replaying in my mind all day long."

"Mmmm, I'm glad you liked." Sara said smiling.

"Well, I hope you like this." And with that I picked her up, and brought her to her bedroom, with her giggling all the way.

I placed her down on the bed and then I started to kiss her again. I loved the way her tongue played with mine. It wasn't until I kissed her that I really knew just how good a kiss could be, and she really got me into kissing. As I was kissing her I started to trace the outside of her body with my hands. I loved the feeling of a cotton covered body, it was so erotic to turn someone on so much even though a layer of clothing. I started running the tips of my finger nails over her belly, avoiding both her breast and her crotch. She started squirming under me, and that just encouraged me keep up what I was doing. Finally, she couldn't stand it anymore and pushed me away.

"What has gotten into you today?" She said smiling. "Cause I want to make sure it gets into you more often."

As she talked to me I just pulled her shirt out of her pants and started to expose her belly button. "The idea of you naked, squirming under my touch has been on my mind all day. That's what's gotten into me."

Before she could reply I started licking around her belly button.

"Oh, god... that feels so good." Sara was breathless at this point. Once her skin was wet, I blew on her belly, sending shivers down her spine. Then I licked up from the top of her waistband to her belly button. When I reached it I buried my tongue in it, swirling it around. Then I flicked my tongue over the top of it and trailed up under her shirt. My hands lightly came up the sides of her body, and when they reached her bra, they forced it up and over her breasts. Boy do I love her breasts. They were 34B, but they were perfectly created. I started by dragging my tongue along the underside of her left breast and then up the side. As I passed over the top of her breast I flicked my tongue across her skin.

"Hmmmm... I like that."

"What about this?" I said as I traced a spiral with my tongue around her breast, slowly, teasingly towards her nipple.

"Oh, fuck, lick my nipple... please!"

I don't know how I could resist a request like that, but I was having too much fun teasing her. I licked around her areola, getting it slightly wet, and then pulled away, feeling her shirt against the back of my head. Then very gently I blew on her nipple. I watched as her nipple tightened and hardened even more.

Sara couldn't take it anymore so she grabbed my head and pressed my face into her breast. "Now, please, lick or suck or just touch it, fuck, anything!"

It felt great to have her hands on either side of my head, pressing me into her breast. She let my head go a bit so I could get access to her nipple, and I started to flick it with the tip of my tongue. She let out a moan of approval, so I started wrapping my tongue around the nipple and slid up and down on it. I was getting so hard listing to her squealing.

After a few minutes of playing with her nipple, I pulled my head out from under her shirt and moved up to look at her face. She was laying on the bed underneath me, a look of lust and a smile on her face. As gently ran my hand over her forehead to push her hair out of the way, I noticed she was panting heavily and looking into my eyes, trying to figure out what I'd do next. I was trying to figure out the same thing. She was so beautiful I didn't know what to go for next.

I leaned down and pressed my lips to her's. I licked slowly, feeling how soft and warm her lips were. Then slowly, I pressed my tongue against them, entering her mouth. Our tongues played for a moment, and then I broke away. I started trailing my lips over her cheek and started to suck on her right earlobe.

I licked around the outside and blew a bit on it. I was getting so excited because my ear was close enough to her mouth that I could hear her ragged breathing, I was hoping my breathing was doing the same for her. Slowly I sucked her earlobe into my mouth and ran my tongue around it. She responded to this by letting out a sharp breath of air.

As I continued to play with her earlobe, I brought my hand up the side of her body slowly, lightly, until it made it to her right breast. I started to lightly squeeze it. As I squeezed, I could feel the nipple getting hard against the palm of my hand. I loved playing with her nipples, and I couldn't take it anymore. I started rolling it in between my fingertips, and then I started pinching them.

With my mouth still playing with her ear, and my fingers playing with her breast, she was moaning, and it sounded so delicious in my ear. I started moving my lips up her hairline, massaging her forehead with my dry kisses. When I got to her other ear, I started playing with it like I had with the other one. I moved my hand away from her breast, and placed it above her head. Still licking her earlobe, I took my knee and gently spread her legs apart and brought it slowly up to her crotch. I started to breath heavily in her ear as she started to thrust her hips against my knee, giving her some pleasure, but since she was still clothed she was just frustrating herself even more.

"I want to taste you so bad." I didn't so much say that as I breathed it into her ear.

"Then, do it already. I want to feel your tongue on my pussy so badly."

"Is that what you want?"

"Oh, yes!"

"You want me to lick your sweet pussy?"

"Yes..."

"Flick my tongue against your clit?"

She was squirming more then I have ever seen her squirm before. "You have no idea how much!"

"Should I slide my tongue into your hole?"

"Damn it! Stop teasing me already. I can't take it anymore!" I could tell she really meant that because her hands were pushing up her shirt and started to play with her tits.

"So you're wet then?" I couldn't help teasing her some more though.

Her hips were moving purposely against my knee. "Are you kidding? I don't think I've ever been this wet in my life. Please, go down on me, now."

I stopped playing with her ear, and kissed her once more on the lips, but she just took my shoulders and pushed me down towards her crotch. I tilted my head down so my hair could drag across her body, which just made her push me down faster. I slid my chest down her crotch and got to the waist band of her pants. With one quick motion, I released the button and then pulled the zipper down. Then I grabbed the waistband on either sides of her hips and she lifted her butt, allowing me to take off her pants.

With them safely out of the way on the floor, I looked at her panties. They were the white cotton ones with little flowers, those always looked so sexy to me. I looked down at the crotch and I have never seen her panties wetter. As I stared at her, she moved her hands under the waistband of the panties and said, "If you don't do something, I'm going to!"

I leaned down in-between her legs and gently moved her hands away. "Oh no you're not, you're having too much fun this with this."

She seemed to accept this as I started to lightly glide the back tips of my fingernails along her thighs. I loved how smooth they were, and how welcoming they seemed to be. Sara sighed, and I knew that she was in heaven.

I leaned down and got myself comfortable. I could smell her though her soaked panties and I was starting to lose whatever control I had. "God, you smell so delicious, Sara."

"If I smell that good, then taste me already!"

"Patience..." was all I said. I then started to lick her thighs. I loved the salty fresh taste of her skin. I was so ready to taste her that I am amazed that I had any patience left. As I got to the crotch I moved her panties to the side and looked at her beautiful mound. Her lips were soaked and there was moisture dripping down to her ass. If the panties hadn't been absorbing it, that would have been soaked too.

I said, "Mmmm, that looks good enough to eat." And then I put my mouth between her pussy and her leg.

As soon as started to lick, Sara moaned. "Get to my pussy already!"

I decided to do what she begged. I spread open her lips and exhaled my warm breath across her mound. Then I started to lick her lips, gathering up all her juices. "I love the way you taste."

As I licked around her lips I avoided her hole and her clit, but that was getting hard because she was moving her hips so much. Finally I gave up with it and gave her one long lick from her hole up to her clit. Then I circled her clit with my tongue, every so often flicking it. Each time I did she moaned.

"Lick it faster." She commanded.

I stopped circling completely and just constantly flicked her clit with my tongue.

"Yes, yes... don't stop."

Stopping was the last thing on my mind. She brought her hands down and ran them through my hair. I kept up the what I was doing, and I could tell she was building up to an orgasm. Then her body finally got the release it was looking for, and her thighs clamped around my head. As she came I tried my best to hold her clit in my lips and suck on it.

When she finally stopped, I moved my tongue down to her hole and licked up as much of her juices that I could before she stopped me.

"No more, babe." She said between breaths. "I'm just too sensitive."

I moved up to her face and started to kiss her lips, and she was so drained that she just let me do all the work.

"That was so amazing." She couldn't couldn't catch her breath, it was such a turn on.

"Damn, you are so incredible." I stopped kissing her and started to pull down my pants. "Look how hard you made me."

She didn't have much strength, but she managed to move her hand over to my underwear. Her hand groped my dick through the fabric. "Looks like I'm not the only one who soaked their underwear."

"So, what do you think I should do about this?"

"Hm... I'm too sensitive for much. Why don't you jerk off into my mouth?"

As I grabbed my cock and started to stroke it I said, "I do like that idea."

Sara's hand snaked it's way up through my legs and started to play with my balls. As excited as I was by everything else, this sent me over the edge. "I'm gonna cum." I groaned.

Sara opened her mouth and I did my best to shoot my load into it. Some of missed and landed on her cheek, but most made it in. When I finally finished, she swallowed and I collapsed on the bed. Sara moved closer to me, and placed her head on my shoulder and draped her body over mine. 

"Thanks, babe, that was great." Were the last words said as we drifted off to sleep.