 Edited by LadyCibelle

Princess Catherine quickly, yet with knowing reservation rolled over onto her stomach. Seeing him reach for the buckle of his belt could mean but one thing. Forgiveness would come, and it would be soon. Unfortunately, or at least so it seemed, there would be punishment first, as there always was. The extent of which would depend entirely on her acceptance of it.

She lay face down on the massive mahogany table, her long graceful legs hanging from the end, but her feet not quite touching the floor, her bottom slightly raised to show him she was ready, willing and able to accept his discipline. He moved closer to her, one hand slowly moving over her firm, round cheeks. Her muscles relaxed at his gentle touch, but nonetheless, still at the ready for the impending delicious pain.

Yes, many were the times when she had displeased him knowing that his belt would be the consequence. There was something about the searing pain that created a burning fire deep within her, substantially increasing the joy that would follow in his lovemaking. Her sensuous thoughts drifted momentarily until she was quickly returned to reality by the well known, if brief, sound as the three inch leather belt swished through the air until it ended with a sharp crack as it caressed it's intended target. Instinctively upon hearing the sound she tensed the muscles of her ass, but something was amiss. There was no pain in her cheeks. The belt had landed entirely on the table, making perhaps the loudest noise she could remember hearing in some time. The sharp crack reverberated throughout the dining room. Slowly she lifted her head and turned to see him smiling broadly. He stood shaking his head and softly said, "Not this time my love. There is no need, nor desire to punish with the belt. Perhaps not using it will be more severe than if I had."

With that, he firmly smacked her ass, once to the left cheek and then to the right. Grasping her thighs with his massive hands he rolled her onto her back. Leaning forward, he lowered himself over her outstretched body, placing his lips to hers. His tongue traced the outline of her warm moist lips, drinking in the sweet taste of the fruit, which still lingered there. He slowly eased his tongue between Catherine's lips as his lips returned to hers. His tongue lightly touched hers at first, teasing. Their passion quickly increased, their tongues danced, intertwined and teased each other. Catherine quickly became immersed with desire for him.

She felt his arms wrap around her, holding her tightly for a moment. Releasing his embrace, his hands caressed her back, her arms and face. Slowly his lips leave hers and slide down across her delicate chin, down her gently sloping neck to her chest; licking and nibbling at the bits of fruits which still linger there. He moved still further down, slowly circling her breasts, as if drawing never ending spirals from their bases to the now erect nipple peaks that grace their tops. Moving still lower, down across her firm flat stomach, he pauses to remove small pieces of strawberry, banana and peach from her slightly indented navel. Further down to and over the silkiness that is her mons his lips and tongue travel, only to stop millimeters from the now swollen pussy lips. The taste of freshly mashed banana lingers there, thick and sweet. The essence of her fills his nostrils, as he draws it deeply down into his lungs. His tongue swiftly slides along the crevice between her lips, then slowly returns, slightly deeper, harvesting the sweet honey that now flows freely from deep within her. Though the fruit still lingers, he tastes the sweetness that is only her, drawing every drop that he can into his eager mouth, savoring the delicate sweetness and knowing that there is a never ending supply that dwells within her. 

Catherine reaches between her thighs, and with her fingers, spreads her wet, glistening pussy lips exposing her swollen clit for him. Immediately his tongue presses against it, gently at first, as if covering a baby with a blanket. He then applies more pressure, increasing tenfold the wanton desire that is again building deep inside of her. His mouth now covers her clit as he sucks and nibbles it with his lips and even softly drags his teeth across it a time or two as her hips begin to slowly undulate beneath his face.

Catherine removed her hands from her pussy and entwined her fingers within his hair, gently tugging to pull him back up and on top of her. He moves back to her lips, sharing her sweetness that still remains on his lips with her. Deftly, he releases the buttons of his pants and they quickly fall to the floor, leaving his rock hard cock pressing against her pussy. Slowly he rocks his hips, sliding his cock between her once again dripping pussy lips, lubricating it and sliding up to and over her engorged and throbbing clit. Catherine moans gently at the touch of his hardness against her. She too begins rocking her hips; while at the same time sucks his tongue deep into her mouth. She longs to feel him penetrate her, both between her thighs and her mouth. Their timing finally coincides and suddenly his cock slips between her drenched lips and slowly sinks inside of her. Catherine gasps as he slides deep within her, her vaginal muscles clenching and pulling him ever deeper. He begins a rhythmic pumping, like the never-ending motion of an oil-pumping rig, sucking the liquid gold from deep within her. 

Lifting his head, he stares deep into her eyes. A glaze has over taken them. He knows that she is soon to erupt in the first of several monstrous orgasms that she will have. He knows she is close because her juices flow freely and her inner muscles are becoming vice-like as they surround his throbbing cock. He too was nearing the point of no return.

Softly he whispered to her, "cum for me my sweet Princess Catherine, cum for me, cum with me." Catherine wrapped her legs around his ass. In doing so she changed the angle of his thrusting. This allowed her to pull him deeper inside of her, wave upon wave of pure ecstasy began wracking her body as her orgasm built, until finally it released, sending electrifying shocks throughout her entire body.

Within seconds, he tensed, his searing hot sperm racing through the length of his cock to explode deep within her convulsing pussy, mingling with her hot fluids. He continued his rhythmic pumping. He knew that momentarily she would again orgasm and before he even had time to complete that thought it hit, even stronger than the first. As it enwrapped her she raked her fingernails across his back, scratching his sweat-covered flesh. This sudden sensation caused him to plunge his cock as deeply as he possibly could inside of her, grinding his pelvis against hers.

Spent, and nearly breathless he collapsed on top of her, both of them breathing erratically. Placing his mouth beside her ear, he whispered, "I am home my sweet loving Princess, I am home."

Though he knew it was not true, he added, "Never again shall I leave you alone in this lonesome castle for so long." Raising his head to once again gaze into her warm brown eyes, he smiled and said to her, "Come my love, the night is still young and we have much more renewing of our bonds before the sun rises again, but not here, in my chambers." Lifting her from the table, cradling her in his massive arms, he carried her from the dining room.