 This is a copyrighted original work by the author. All rights reserved. 

All characters featured herein are at least eighteen years of age, even if not expressly stated. Any resemblance between actual persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental. If you have not read Into the Quetico please do so before you read Return to the Quetico. You don't have to but this will all make a great deal more sense if you do. This is not a short sit down and read it in a few minutes so if that is what you are looking for you might want to look elsewhere. Yes parts of this are real and yes some of it is fantasy and finally, yes I have been there many times. Thanks, Dean 

***** 

I had just arrived back into LaCrosse when my phone rang. I was not at all surprised at who would be calling; as a matter of fact I would have been disappointed if she hadn't called. Those of you familiar with Into the Quetico know that the call was from Amanda. I could not control my enthusiasm as I answered it "Hello Sweetheart", and waited to hear her voice. 

I felt like a love struck teenager and worst of all I was acting like it to. Here I am 52 years old and I am acting like I just hit puberty only because of a girl. Well not a girl, a woman actually, and the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my life. I could not wait to see her again and we only lived thirty miles apart. 

I had been on a trip into the Quetico to get away from women and I was lucky enough to not only find one that was in trouble I found one that made my heart sing. We had agreed not to meet until Tuesday and I was just getting back late Sunday evening. I was in no hurry to get home since I had nothing waiting for me there. Her phone call immediately made me wish I was still with her sitting on the large boulders sitting at the edge of the lake. 

It is hard to explain what it feels like when you really do love someone so much that it hurts, and wow did I have a big hurt. I had never felt this way before and to be honest it scared me to death. I should not be feeling this way and I wondered what I had to do to make it stop. Scratch that, I did not ever want to make it stop. 

Amanda and I talked on the phone for hours like we had known each other for years and I wanted so badly to just hop in my truck and go to her house. I even suggested it at one point and she told me that I had to wait until Tuesday. I didn't want to wait until Tuesday I wanted to see her now. See what I mean about acting like I was going through puberty. I don't know who made up this stupid thing about waiting but they should be taken out and shot just for my aggravation. Come to think of it, scratch that too because it might have been me. 

After we hung up it seemed like my world stopped and then my phone rang again. I picked it up and said, "Wow didn't take you long to call me back did it sweetheart?" 

"No, honey it didn't." 

I heard nothing but hysterical laughter on the end of the line as Mike, my security officer lead continued to roll. "That must have been some vacation. Can you take me with you the next time you run away to hide from women?" 

"You know you can be a pain in the ass sometimes Mike, shut the hell up and how are you?" I said, laughing into the phone. 

"Well not as well as you are from the sounds of things honey." 

"You know they have a job opening in the artic that is perfect for you." I again said laughing at him. 

"Hey boss I just had to give you a bad time since you opened yourself up the way you answered the phone. Now who is the new hot chick and when do I get to meet her?" 

"I tell you what when I marry her or hell freezes over, whichever comes first." 

"O come on let's hear it. You left here swearing off women for life and you come back spouting sweethearts on the phone. Something happened and I want to hear about it." 

"Okay Mike when I am ready I will let you know." 

"Okay boss you do that." 

"Oh Mike" 

"Yes sir" 

"If you don't quit with the boss and sir crap I am sending you to the artic." 

"Okay Dean, okay, I just had to do it." He said laughing into the phone. 

Mike was my friend and one of those people that we all know, he would give you everything he had if you needed it and I never forgot that. He could be counted on for anything and had proven that many times before. I trusted him with my life and he knew it. If I ever did get married he would be the one person in my life that I would ask to be my best man. Mike was fortunate in that he had a wife at home that loved him and he knew it. He always said no one else would put up with him even on his good days. 

"Okay Mike why did you call me other than to give me crap?" 

"Well while you were out chasing wild women, I got a call from a company that is looking for security services, and I told them that you would be back on Monday. I left their information on your desk and told them you would give them a call." 

"Okay thanks Mike, now you know why I left you in charge." 

"Thanks boss...Dean...sorry." 

"Don't worry about it. I will see you on Monday morning at the office." I said laughing as he stumbled over my name again. 

After I hung up the phone with Mike I just stood around the apartment and realized I was bored to death. The last week had been an absolute merry-go-round ride for me and I wanted to get back on. I did not want to come back to the real world. The real world for me was a few hundred miles away with a really cute woman. Did I tell you how gorgeous she is? 

I finally came back to the real world I guess and got the truck unpacked and started doing the laundry. That is one job I have never liked and I do not think it's possible I ever will. I put away camping stuff, took the tent and set it up in the backyard to dry out, and checked to see if I needed to replace anything. 

Everything I had looked good and I was thrilled that I did not have to rush out and replace anything right away. I did have an issue though and that was how I was going to go back to Canada and into the Quetico before summer was over. The prospects of that were not very good and I wanted to go back with Amanda. If I couldn't go back with her I would just stay home because my interest in her at the time outweighed the pristine beauty found in the Quetico. 

I sat around mumbling to myself mostly while the rest of the day seemed to just fade away. I waited a couple of hours and decided it was time for a shower, and then off to bed. It didn't seem like anything I did kept my mind from Amanda or what happened while I was with her. I reached up and even turned the head on the shower remembering how we took a shower together out on the boulders. This woman was driving me crazy and she wasn't even here. I finally got my shower and went to bed hoping to drop off quick, to put me out of my misery. 

Sleep came surprisingly fast and before I knew it I heard the alarm and got up to get ready to go back to work. I wanted to call in sick but it's hard to do that when you're the boss and you have to call yourself. I got through breakfast by stopping off at a convenience store and walked into the office. When I walked in a got a big hug from my secretary Kathy, as I walked through the door. If I had not been so interested in Amanda I would have made a play for Kathy because she was a major babe. I did not want to start anything with an employee or I guess that would have happened before I left. 

I walked into my office and looked over all the paperwork that had piled up from my week long sabbatical from women, yeah right, and started prioritizing what needed to be done. I had worked about two hours when Mike walked into the office and we talked about what needed my attention. He had done a great job of taking care of things while I was gone and I told him so. I am one of those employers who will try to go out of their way to reward my employees for their hard work, and I handed Mike an envelope and told him I appreciated what he had done while I was gone. 

Mike opened the envelope and just looked at me. "I don't know what to say Dean but you didn't have to do this you know." 

"I don't expect to see you back here until after you and your wife get back from Hawaii." 

"Jenny is going to be absolutely mortified; she has always wanted to go to Hawaii." 

"Where do you think I got the idea? I have heard her talk about it before." 

"What's the Visa card for Dean you already have everything paid for?" 

"I thought Jenny might need some spending money. The card is hers for putting up with your sorry ass." I said with a laugh. 

"Thanks, I needed to hear that again." 

We sat and talked some more and about an hour later I heard the outside door open and knew someone came in. I couldn't see who it was because I don't always want people to know I am sitting in my office. Mike got up and walked to the door and looked out to see who it was. He looked back to me and said, "Holy shit Dean, there is red head out here and I mean to tell you this one is a looker." 

"Would you knock it off already? I already have a looker that I am interested in, and no I am not telling you about her so don't ask." 

"If she looks anything like this woman then you are a lucky man... Do I have to take Jenny with me to Hawaii; I might be able to score with this one with these tickets you know?" 

"Would you sit down and shut the hell up before I call Jenny and tell her to come and get you." 

About the time Mike sat back down in the chair Kathy walked into my office and said that there was a woman here to see me about an important security issue at her plant. I told Mike he could go ask her what she needed. 

"She specifically asked for you and no one else." Kathy said, as she looked to Mike and told him to sit down. 

"Fine" I said as I got out of my chair. "I will see what she needs and then we can get back to work." 

When I walked out into the office the woman before me had beautiful long red hair and was standing with her back to me as I walked out the door. From the view I had, I could see why Mike was drooling all over himself. She was the same size as Amanda and had on a short black skirt with white blouse. The blouse made her hair stand out and with the sun shining through it from the window it glowed. I dismissed any further thought because it was not Amanda and she was all I could think of. 

"Can I help you miss?" 

"So I am a looker huh?" She said as she turned to look at me. 

"Amanda, what are you doing here and when did you change your hair, it's...lovely." 

"Nice save their buster I thought you were going to screw it up there for a minute. It is nice to know that you aren't interested in anyone else either." 

I heard noise behind me and standing at my office door was Kathy and Mike trying to figure out what was going on and who this lovely creature was. I turned to both of them and told them to go find something to do because we had something we needed to discuss in private. They both gave me a look as I moved them from my office and just smiled while I was doing it. "Do you know her?" Kathy asked as I shut the door. 

When I finally got the door shut I grabbed Amanda and hugged her tight to my chest. I could feel her breasts pressing into me and it felt wonderful. I wanted to reach around and grab her ass but I didn't want her to think that she was nothing more than a play toy left over from vacation. I gave her a kiss and showed her a chair. I had a look of confusion on my face and she said, "Is something wrong you look like you have seen a ghost." 

"I am just surprised is all; you told me I couldn't see you until Tuesday at work." 

"That's right I did tell you that, but I didn't say I wouldn't be coming by your office did I?" 

"Now that you mention it you didn't say anything about it. You just made me suffer all night wanting to see you." 

"You don't seem worse for wear to me." 

"On the outside no, but on the inside it's just plain scrambled eggs." 

"Glad to know I can still have that effect on you." 

I pulled her from the chair again and gave her one of those kisses that says you can never leave me again, and then I grabbed her ass and squeezed it. She looked at me with a grin and said, "What's that?" 

When I turned to look at what she was pointing at she swatted me on the ass and laughed. "Oh so that is how it's going to be is it? Two can play that game you know, and I can take you over here and put you over my knee young lady." 

"No you can't." 

"Why the hell not?" 

"Because the only person who I would ever let spank me is my husband and I didn't even let my ex do that." 

"I'll remember that for future reference sweetheart." 

"What do you mean by that?" 

"I'll explain it to you someday when the time is right." 

"You are still a pain in the ass you know." 

"I heard that from this really cute brunette but I can't remember for the life of me where I was at when I heard it." I said with a laugh. 

"You don't like my new look do you?" 

"Oh I like it all right, I just didn't expect it. It looks gorgeous on you. Whatever made you change it to red?" 

"I went back to my natural color." 

"But when we were in the Quetico your hair was coal black or am I missing something." 

"You're missing something. I did have coal black hair when we were there but I didn't have coal black hair everywhere, and how could you not notice?" 

'But when I was...you know...ah...well you know...you didn't have hardly any hair on your..." 

"Pussy Dean, it's called a pussy or vagina or..." 

"I get it as I interrupted her. There wasn't enough there to tell the color except that it was light colored." 

"You really can be a dope sometimes." She said laughing at me. 

"Fine I am a dope but the color is fantastic so don't change it again...okay?" 

"I'll think about it for future reference." 

I hate it when she uses my own words on me. It's just the simple fact that I open my mouth and she shuts it and maybe that is why I love her so much. I guess if I am destined to be with someone as beautiful as her at least she can meet me in the wits department as well...maybe even surpass me. 

We had been in the office about an hour and I told her we were going to lunch. I opened the door and walked out with my hand at Amanda's back when here came this crazy woman to give me a big hug. "I don't know how to thank you Dean, we could never have done this without you." 

"You're welcome." 

Amanda just looked at me and I just smiled and said, "Amanda I would like you to meet Jenny, Kathy, and Mike." 

Jenny looked at Amanda and said, "Oh I'm sorry I am Jenny and this is my husband Mike." 

Jenny grabbed Mike's hand as if to show he belonged to her as Amanda laughed. "It's ok honey you don't need to explain." 

"Oh but I think I do. Dean gave Mike and me a trip to Hawaii for taking care of things while he was gone." 

"I am well aware of how Dean helps people Jenny." 

"I looked over at Kathy and said, "You must have been busy this morning since I haven't heard a peep from you." 

Kathy looked at me and said, "Why do you say that?" 

"Because I know you haven't been at your desk." 

"You have been in here how do you know I haven't been at my desk?" 

"Go look in the center drawer." 

Kathy opened the drawer and saw the envelope. She quickly opened it and started squealing as soon as she did. She found a pair of tickets and a visa card just as Mike had. 

"You don't get to go at the same time because I can't afford to be without both of you." 

"I don't care screamed Kathy." as she jumped around the room. 

After the commotion was over I looked at them all and said, "This young woman and I are headed out for lunch. We will be back later." 

"Hey, wait a minute, is this sweetheart?" Mike asked as we were heading for the door. 

I told Amanda not to stop for any reason or we would never get out of here. We headed toward the car when I heard Mike yell, "You can hide for only a little while there honey but sooner or later you are going to tell me about her you know." 

Amanda being the quick wit she is just turned to him and said, "Oh we don't kiss and tell Mike we kiss and ..." She left it hanging for effect as we got in the truck. 

"You know you just set me up to answer an untold amount of questions when we get back don't you." 

"I know but think of all the fun I am going to have thinking about you having to answer them. Besides you're the boss, who says we will make it back." 

"Oh this woman is going to kill me one way or another." I thought to myself. 

I picked up my cell phone and called Mike and told him I would not be back until Wednesday. I had an appointment on Tuesday and I was taking a long lunch. "You are doing this just so you don't have to face all the questions we have for you aren't you?" 

"Hey that's a good idea Mike thanks for the assistance." 

"You are a pain in the ass boss." Mike started laughing as soon as he said it and told me he would see me Wednesday. "Don't do anything I ...ouch never mind." 

I found out later that Jenny had hit him on the back of the head while Kathy had smacked him in the shoulder. I knew I liked those two women. 

I asked Amanda what kind of food she liked to eat and she looked at me and smiled, "the kind cooked over a campfire." 

I really didn't know what to say. She hit me right in the heart and she knew it. 

"If you don't tell me what you want to eat then I will just have to pick it for you I guess." 

I pulled into a steak place because that is usually safe. You can get anything at this place from fish to seafood to steak and lobster. "This looks like a great place." 

I told her I had eaten here many times over the years and had never been disappointed in the service or the food. We were not disappointed this time either. We had steak and shrimp with calamari as an appetizer. She had never had calamari before and asked what it was. I told her I would tell her after she tasted it because I did not want her to turn her nose up at it before trying it. She placed the first little ring into her mouth and said, "I still don't know what it is but it's good." 

"That's good to know. At least I don't have to wonder if you are willing to eat food you're not familiar with." 

"Oh it's okay I did that all last week with some guy I met up north." 

Again, another dagger to my heart, she keeps throwing them and I just keep right on taking them and enjoying every minute of it. This woman is driving me nuts I thought to myself. 

"Really I met this cute chick last week with a great ass that has the prettiest red hair, and she loves to let me give her a backrub so I can..." I didn't get to finish due to the elbow in my ribs. 

"Someday mister you are going to be in so much trouble." 

"Oh it's okay I figured that out when I fished that cute little lady out of the water." 

"Ok so what is this stuff I am eating anyway?" 

"Squid" 

"What are you kidding me; I heard that stuff was gross. This is really good." 

We ate our meal and then headed toward the office. She looked at me and asked why I was going back and I told her that I didn't think we wanted to leave either car at the office. She realized that was probably a good idea. I asked her what her plans were for the evening and she said that she was planning on taking some guy she met to a motel so that they could be alone. 

I told her I had to go get some clothes and she told me she had hers with her. Sure she did since she planned this and I had no clue it was coming. I told her the name of the motel and she said she would wait in the parking lot for me. I told her the room would be paid for when she got there all she had to do was get the key at the desk. "How do you know they will just let me have the room?" 
