 It was a cold dreary winter's night; it had been raining, sleeting, and snowing for two days. It was so treacherous that only a blooming idiot would be traveling with the roads in the shape they were, but I had to get to where I was going. I was headed to the house, no, not the house, the castle which was my home. It had been years since I had found the time to go home because I had been working overseas as a contractor and my employer had been erecting a building on the French mainland near the town of Le Havre, a little town that was booming. The population had grown from a few thousand to over two hundred thousand in a matter of a few years thanks to the discovery of some rare mineral.

Well I was hoping when I got home it wouldn't be so quiet; I was hoping she was still there. It had been years since I had gotten to see her and neither of us was very good at writing letters. I was excited but afraid at the same time. I didn't know what I would do if the house was empty of her laughter and smiling face; that big house would be so empty and so lonely. The closer I got, the more nervous I became and the more excited I was until finally my home came into view. I could see it from a ways off. First all I could see was the turrets standing above the trees, then as I moved closer I could start to see the roofline.

When I got to the gate - it was a wrought iron gate about eight feet tall - it was locked.

My heart sank as I thought, 'She was supposed to know I was coming home. Why would she have locked the gate if she knew?'

The only emotion that came to my mind was sadness. I got out of my car and unlocked the gate, then returned to my car and continued the drive to the house. As I got to the house I was not as excited about the prospect of being home, knowing she wasn't there.

I drove up to the house, but didn't even bother with parking in the garage, just parked at the door and noticed there was a light on in the house. My interest was piqued as I walked to the door. I took my keys out of my pockets and reach for the lock. I opened the door slowly and quietly realized the light was just the alarm's light blinking, telling me someone had unlocked the front gate. I reset the alarms and decided I would go straight to bed; after the sixteen hour flight I was worn out. I walked up the stairs listening to the creaks and screeches of the house. I was so glad to be home, but was so sad that she wasn't here. I got to the top of the stairs and walked to my bedroom as I opened the door I noticed a shape laying in my bed then I noticed the brunette hair and her pretty face on the pillow, my heart and mood swung from happy and disappointed to ecstatic. I felt like my dreams had come true; seeing her lying there made my years away worth it and I knew then that she was the one for me. 

I saw she was in a deep sleep so I decided I would go jump in the guest shower to avoid disturbing her while she was asleep. I went and took my shower and I got a wicked thought into my head and I decided I would do it. I walked back into my bedroom and slowly crawled into bed with her. I slowly sneaked as close as I could to her I felt the warmth coming off of her body. I proceeded to put my arm around her, slowly massaging her breast, tracing circles around her nipple, being careful not to touch her nipple while I slowly moved her hair to the side and kissed the back of her neck. She started to stir a little.

Her eyes popped open and with a look of happiness she looked at me and said, "Welcome home. I am so glad you came back to me."

As she became more coherent she rolled over and we locked into an embrace that I thought might strangle me. She squeezed me tight and I thought she was trying to break my ribs so I couldn't leave her again. I looked her in the eye and slowly bent my neck so our mouths were right next to each other and we locked in a kiss like no other. Our tongues intertwined as we explored each other's mouth and tongue like it was something we had never experienced before.

She released the embrace she had on me and I slowly started to explore her body with my hands. I placed my hand on her leg and slowly, ever so slowly, I moved my hand up her thigh. I felt the warmth of her body leading me to that one warm sweet spot. I broke our kiss and slowly started to kiss her neck and work my way down to her full supple breast. As my tongue darted out I gently teased her nipple with my tongue, slowly circling her nipple but not quite touching it. Then I placed my mouth over her breast and slowly sucked in while teasing her tender bud with my tongue. She started to squirm under my gentle touch as my mouth was on her breast and my hand was still slowly moving up her leg. Suddenly I could feel it, moistness and heat; it must have been as lonely for her as it had been for me. I slowly brought my hand to her womanhood and gently ran my finger up the slit to the warm soft moist area. Slowly I inserted one finger and started to massage the inner part of her body; she started to squirm more and more. The faster I rubbed the more she squirmed, so I stopped because I didn't want her to be wasted before the big moment.

I rolled over and pulled her on to me and held her close. She reached down between us and grasped my manhood, slowly inserting it into her womanhood and then she started to rock back and forth. All the while I was holding her head on my chest. As she increased the tempo she raised up and then slowly brought her hands to her breasts and started to play with them as she rode me like a unbroken stallion. I watched as she played with her nipples, tweaking them between her fingers and her orgasm came closer and closer. Just as her orgasm hit and she withered into a pile of human baggage I rolled her, still connected at our mid section.

I started to work in and out of her, taking my time so I was sure she was taken care of: I watched her face contort and she squirmed under the relentless pounding she was receiving. I saw she was close to having another orgasm so I held out; then I felt it; her body tightened then started to convulse in heavy contractions and that brought me to the brink, so I pulled out of her moist home and just has I did my load shot all over her nice firm breasts. We collapsed into each other and fell into a deep sleep.

We awoke late in the afternoon of the next day. I looked deeply into her eyes and in a whisper said, "Thank you."

She looked at me with a puzzled look on her face responding, "Why are you thanking me?"

I answered, "For waiting for me to come home. I was so worried you would have left and not waited for me!"