 I hadn't seen her in years, but recognized her immediately when I saw her at the jeweler's table as I entered the dealers' room. Wondering if she still remembered me, I kept half an eye on her as I looked over the books on another table. She hadn't changed much, allowing for the time that had passed; as she held a pair of earrings by her earlobe and looked at them in the mirror I saw that her taste in earrings hadn't changed either. With a sigh for what might have been, I continued browsing through the books. Maybe I'd get a chance to talk to her later. Now that I knew she was here the odds were good I'd be able to find her before the weekend was over.

About fifteen minutes later I was engrossed in examining the back-cover description on a paperback when someone nudged my elbow. Assuming that I was blocking someone who was trying to reach a book, I shifted slightly in the other direction. "Still the Devourer Of Books, I see." I glanced over, then added the book to the large stack piled in front of me.

"Long time no see, Bridget. How are you doing?" I had forgotten how blue her eyes were.

"Getting by. And you?" She placed one hand lightly on my arm. "I just heard about Kate. I'm sorry"

"Doing better now. Life goes on." I didn't expect to run into you here. Is Dick around?"

Her fingers tightened slightly on my arm. "I was just about to have lunch. Care to join me?" Wondering why she hadn't answered my question, I asked the book dealer to hold the stack of books for me and headed for the hotel restaurant with Bridget. 

Over lunch we caught up on each other's lives. I told her about the auto accident and she told me about her recent divorce. Then we went on to exchange news about old friends, continuing to talk all afternoon as we wandered around the convention. Later, sitting on a couch in the lobby, our conversation finally drifted into the one subject we'd both been avoiding since lunch.

"You know, Jim, there's one thing I never did figure out. And I guess now is as good a time as any to ask. Why didn't you ever ask me out after Bill and I broke up? I certainly spent enough time crying on your shoulder." 

"Never seemed like the right time. And then you started going out with Dick, and I figured I'd lost my chance." 

She moved closer until she was leaning against me. "Maybe I should have waited a little longer. But I figured you weren't interested." 

I reached over and took her hand. "Oh, I was definitely interested. I just didn't know you were." 

"Not only was I, but I still am." She put her arms around me and kissed me. It was definitely not just a friendly kiss; by the time we both came up for air she had managed to squirm herself onto my lap, held in place by my arms. She ran one finger along the back of my neck and whispered, "I presume you have a room here."

In the elevator on the way up to my room she started unbuttoning my shirt, and she was working on my belt buckle as I opened the door to my room. While I sat on the bed and took off my shoes she pulled her t-shirt over her head and pushed her slacks down over her hips, then peeled off her panties. I barely had time to take off my pants and briefs before she was on top of me. She ran her hands over my shoulders and down my arms as she kissed me passionately. Her thigh rubbed against my cock and her breasts were crushed against my chest, the nipples already hard. 

When she pulled her mouth from mine I grabbed her by the shoulders. "Bridget, I'm not going to disappear in the next ten minutes. What's your hurry?"

She gave me a rueful smile. "Would you believe me if I said I've wanted to do this ever since I first saw you?" At my snort of disbelief she shook her head. "Well, it was worth a try. I don't want to go into all the sordid details right now, but let's just say that Dick was otherwise occupied the last few years of our marriage." She ran one finger over my chest, flicking a fingernail against one nipple.

"So I'm just a convenient substitute?"

"No! I didn't mean it that way." She laid her head on my shoulder. "I'm sorry. I always did love you, but never could bring myself to tell you. I started thinking about you after the divorce, and when I found out about Kate I hoped maybe..." Her voice trailed off, and I felt a tear on my shoulder.

"Would it help if I said I'd had the same thought?" I turned her face toward me and kissed away her tears. "In fact, I came to this convention hoping you'd be here. "Of course, I only expected to have a chance to talk to you. I wasn't expecting..."

She laughed and kissed me on the cheek, then shifted position until she was snuggled up against my side. "Well, it certainly has been an interesting reunion." 

"It certainly has been." I traced a line down her body until my finger reached her clit. As I began stroking it she inhaled sharply, then began moaning. I ran my hand along her pussy, then inserted two fingers and began probing until her sudden gasp told me I'd found the right spot. Pressing against it I began stroking her clit with my thumb until her body shuddered with her climax. I withdrew my hand and gently stroked her vulva for a few moments, then plunged three fingers into her and pressed my palm against her clit. 

"Jimmmm!" Bridget gasped my name as another orgasm caused her body to buck, her hips jerking and pressing herself against my hand. I put my arms around her and held her close until the waves of climaxes ended. I pressed my lips lightly against hers and felt her smile as she wrapped her arms around me. "That was worth the wait," she murmured.