 Here's my second submission. I hope it's an improvement. If you could take the time to give me some feedback, I would really appreciate it. Thanks for reading.

*

As the cool water ran down my body, I smiled in anticipation. I'd been waiting for this day much too long. My hands traveled the easy slope of my shoulders, the heavy hills of my breasts, and the soft mound of my belly. I was tempted to let my fingers slip between my thighs, but I thought better of it. After all, we'd promised each other to resist self-pleasuring for the week leading up to our meeting. I wondered if that had been as challenging for him as it had for me. Honestly, I'm sure I'd be great candidate for Masturbators Anonymous. Before my hands could begin to wander again, I stepped out of the shower and toweled myself off.

I picked a softly scented lotion and began a careful application, making sure that every inch of my chocolate skin would be perfectly soft for his touch. Once I was done, I picked a comfortable, yet not quite innocent bra and panty set. The top was a simple, black, and trimmed with lace, and the bottom consisted of soft, lacy boyshorts—that just happened to be crotchless. I smiled at the thought of the surprise this would be for him later. He wouldn't be able to tell unless he was looking really closely. And I was certainly hoping he would be.

Finally, I slipped on a simple summer dress, the kind that is light and airy and lets me feel the breeze. It clung to my heavy breasts, nipped in at the waist, and then skimmed over my wide, womanly hips. I stepped into a pair of sandals and picked up my car keys. Before I walked out the door, I grabbed the things I had already set there in advance. With my arms almost full, I walked to my car and placed everything on the back seat. Then I took my place in the driver's seat, and took a deep breath before putting the key in the ignition.

On the way to the airport, I could barely concentrate on the road. Good thing it was still early afternoon, well before rush hour. When I saw the bright orange sign indicating the arrival lane, my heartbeat sped up. After six long months apart, I would finally see him again. And this time, he was here to stay. That thought alone made my mouth water.

We'd met online almost two years earlier, on a comic book forum. I wasn't looking for love there; in my book, online dating was a rather silly idea. During my first week on the forum, I mentioned working as a teacher in my introduction post, and I received a private message from Istakevamps85 soon after. He was nearing his college graduation and considered getting into the teaching profession. I messaged him back, and three months later, the correspondence hadn't stopped. I told him my real name was Weslie. He was Michael. Six months after that first message, I was waking up a few minutes earlier every morning so that I could read his messages before going to work. We exchanged pictures; he was tall, lean, and at the time, his dark hair just teased his shoulders. He said he found my girly buzz cut cute.

As the months passed, I felt myself growing impatient when a day elapsed without my receiving one of his vitriolic messages about reality TV or the state of world affairs. We talked of books, life, death, personal failures, and triumphs. By the end of year one, I knew I was falling in love with his personality. I tried to talk myself out of it. After all, he was younger than me, and while I lived in Florida, he was several states away in New Mexico. According to my self-imposed set of rules, those were two strikes against him. Oh, and he was a virgin: strike three. Yet when he messaged and told me he loved me, I told him the truth. That I loved him too. Then I decided I'd fly over and meet him during my next break from work. So much for my rules.

Now as I pulled into the pickup area, I saw him. He was standing, leaning slightly against the wall, looking effortlessly handsome as always. With his messy black curls, dark aviator sunglasses, and day-old stubble, he could have passed for a rock star traveling incognito. I pulled over, barely taking the time to turn off the engine before I stepped out of the car. I my haste, I left my door opened, as an officer quickly pointed out. I closed the door and ran toward my man. I stopped for a moment, then threw my arms around his neck and kissed him deep. I'm usually not one to make such public displays, but at this point, it was a wonder I didn't just tear off his Rolling Stones T-shirt on the spot. I looked up just in time to see the officer, now impatiently pointing at the sign that read "Pickup and Loading Only". We quickly picked up the luggage and got in the car. The moving truck would get here for another two days.

"How was the flight? Not too tiring?" I asked as the airport receded from my rearview mirror. I'm not sure why I asked, because he didn't look tired at all. In fact, he looked quite refreshed and appetizing.

"It was fine," he said, though he seemed as distracted as I was. I was quite sure I'd seen him gaze at my cleavage and lick his sensual lips. He'd been fond of my breasts since our first night together.

It had been during that visit I had promised him. I remember the flight. I had spent hours thinking of everything that could go wrong during my stay. Maybe he would chew with his mouth opened. Maybe he would find me fat rather than curvaceous. Maybe there would be no chemistry between us. By the time I had gotten off the plane, I was seriously considering turning back. Then I saw him; he looked just as nervous as I was. He was pacing back and forth, holding not a clichéd red rose, but a single stem of Venus's looking-glass. We hugged. The increased tempo of my heartbeat assured me that chemistry would not be a problem.

During the ride to his place, there were uncomfortable silences and polite chitchat. Finally as he was giving me the tour, he stopped and turned around to say something. I hadn't been looking and walked right into him, my nose hitting his chest.

"You OK?" he asked. I looked up, and rather than answer, I rose to the tip of my toes and pressed my lips against his. After an awkward second, he parted his lips, and soon our tongues played together, exploring newfound territory.

After the kiss, the tension seemed to evaporate. He cooked me dinner, and the conversation became much more animated and natural. After we watched a few episodes of the original Batman series, jet lag caught up with me.

He showed me to his bed and started to walk toward the door. I grabbed his hand.

"Stay awhile," I said. "Please."

He took off his shoes and lay down next to me. We kissed again, with more confidence. This time, I let my hands wander along the lines of his back while his own crept under the hem of my shirt. I shivered at the feeling of his fingers grazing the skin of my belly. He stopped, as if asking for my permission. I smiled, and he removed my shirt. When my full, breasts were revealed, the red lace contrasting with my brown skin, he looked at them with such reverence that I felt myself blush. He rubbed his cheek against them before placing light kisses allover the soft flesh.

"Wes, red light!" He said. "Wha—" "Red light," he said again, bringing me back to reality before I drove us into the path of an incoming truck. Good thing one of us was still paying attention to the road.

We made it to our destination without any more close calls. We didn't go back to my apartment; that would wait until the morning. Instead, I drove up to a small property surrounded by lush palm trees and towering weeping willows, sheltering it from the eyes of curious passersby. He looked at me, a surprised expression on his face, and I simply smiled, grabbed his hand, and lead him toward the main house. Once there, I checked us in. An attendant led us down a white pebble path, past a white trellis gazebo, to our suite. It was actually a small cottage, with a red brick foundation offering a sharp contrast to the white walls. It was right on the edge of the estate, nestled amidst fragrant, blooming orange trees, and flanked by two bushes of Gallic roses.

Once we were inside, I said,

"You must be tired from your flight, Honey. Why don't you take a hot bath while I get some things ready?" 

As I watched him walk toward the bathroom, it took all of my willpower not to follow him. While he was in the tub, I took out a few the wine, fruits, and delectable eats I had packed, and placed them in the fridge for later. I opened my other bag and took out a bottle of fruity warming lotion that doubles as lube, and placed it on the nightstand. I pulled out a couple of scented candles as well, and placed them around the room. I decided to leave the rest of my surprises in the bag for the time being. Just as I closed the bag, I felt his eyes on me. I turned around. He was standing there looking at me, his skin still steaming from the bath, and a towel wrapped around his waist. The sight sent a surge of heat from my face to the crimson flesh between my thighs. My mouth watered, and my fingers tingled. Goosebumps covered the surface of my skin.

I sat on the bed, and motioned for him to come join me. He lay down on his back, looking up at me in that way that makes me feel beautiful. I kissed him, and then told him to flip over. I grabbed the bottle lotion off of the nightstand before straddling his back. I poured some in my palms, and rubbed my hand together to get the liquid warm. Then I began to knead his back, starting just above the towel, relishing the feel of his smooth, perfect buttermilk skin under my fingers. As I worked my way up to his shoulders, he began to shift slightly under me. I watched the slick sinews of his lean back flex and relax, and I couldn't help but want a taste. I took a long lick up his spine, from the edge of the towel to the Aztec symbol tattooed between his shoulders, and then trailed my nails down each side of his back. 

He growled that low growl that makes my inner flesh quiver, and flipped over abruptly, toppling me over in the process. I landed on my back with a giggle.

"You're overdressed," he said, as the towel fell from his hips.

He pulled the dress up and over my head. He began to kiss and nibble my neck, knowing it would make me moan. It always does. Then he captured my lips with his own, kissing me hard, his tongue fighting my own. He reached behind me to unhook my bra, and he smiled wickedly as my breasts burst free. He grabbed the bottle I'd left on the bed and, with a mischievous smile, drizzled the cold liquid on my chest, making me shiver. He took his time massaging the lotion into my skin, making my breasts slick as he teased them. Then he blew on them softly, causing the lotion to heat up. I whimpered at the pleasing new sensation. I felt him harden, as if my pleasure fed his own.

I pulled him up until his erection rested between my now slick breasts. I held them together, enfolding him as he slid back and forth, coming just far enough for me to taste the liquid beading at the tip. I knew he would enjoy it; on that first night during my visit, it had been his first request after he'd lavished my breasts with kisses, licks, and bites. He panted as he enjoyed the soft, heated mounds cradling him. I wondered if he was thinking about that first night too. The sounds of our flesh rubbing together and of his ragged breathing were making me ache with need.

He shifted and slid down my body and settles next to me, as if he'd smelled my arousal. He frowned as he noticed my knees held tightly together. I gave him a wicked smile before slowly spreading my legs for him, revealing my panties' unusual feature. He licked his lips as if I'd presented him with the tastiest of desserts. Like the creamy cheesecake he enjoys so much. He'd made one for me when I visited him.

Soon he was teasing me, tracing my outer lips with his tongue. He caressed my slit which stood out red and glistening with light, wet strokes. He switched to quick, hard licks. He licked slow and wet again. He needed no directions; my moans and writhing body told him all he needed to know. By the time he trapped my swollen clit between his lips, I was dizzy with lust, all my senses focused on my impending climax. He slipped one finger inside me, slowly sliding it in and out, searching, exploring. A second slender digit joined the first. I whimpered. Then he sucked harder, keeping the rhythm of his fingers. I fell over the edge, crying out, almost screaming as I arched my body off the bed. When my body stopped trembling, he looked up at me, with love in his eyes, and my juices glistening on his face. I never could resist that sight. The first time I saw it was on the third night of my visit, and I'd know then that I would do anything he could ever ask of me.

I pulled him up and kissed him, pressing my body against his. We rolled around on the bed, running our hands over each other's bodies, kissing, biting, laughing, sighing. He found himself on top of me again. I closed my eyes, immersing myself in our kiss while his hands cradling my head. I gasped as he entered me again, his lips still on mine. I instinctively wrapped my legs around his waist, moaning as he began to thrust, deep and smooth. I put my arms around his neck, pulling him closer so I could feel his skin against mine. We were connected, lips to lips, skin to skin, pussy to cock. I scratched at his back, groaning, wordlessly begging him to pick up his speed. He continued to tease me with his torturous slow pace for a while longer, working me into a frenzy of lust, before beginning to thrust hard and fast, grabbing my butt so I couldn't slip away. I struggled to hold his burning gaze as my body shook in climax, leaving me only able to pant and make incoherent sounds of rapture. He was not far behind me, and he soon collapsed by my side, resting his head on my chest. As I stroked his hair contentedly, I looked out the window and smiled. The sun hadn't even set yet; this reunion of ours was only beginning.