 "Damnit!" I muttered as I shifted into reverse again and made my third attempt at parallel parking. It was hot and it had taken me ten minutes to find this tiny spot when I was already ten minutes late. I finally parked the car and breathed a deep sigh of relief. I flipped down my visor mirror to check my lip gloss, took a couple of calming breaths and smiled nervously at my reflection.

Nervous didn't even begin to describe how I was feeling. I was about to meet up with my high school boyfriend, my first love, after more than fifteen years. For three years we had been inseparable, best friends who shared everything, including the hottest making out my fifteen-year-old mind could have imagined at that time. It had only ended when my parents forced me to break up with him and then I went to boarding school.

Over the ensuing years, I met and fell in love with someone else, moved away from home, began a career and had children. During the same time he had finished college, traveled the world and settled two thousand miles from our old home town. Now I was newly single and we had gotten in touch again through Facebook. Over several months we exchanged e-mails, phone calls and text messages, getting to know each other again.

We had never forgotten each other. I always felt as if he was the one that got away, given that our break up had been my parents' doing. I wondered many time what he was up to and where life had taken him. When we found each other online the thoughts and dreams happened with greater frequency.

Our communication revealed that he was much like he'd been in high school – witty, well-spoken, intriguing -- only now his dreams of artistic greatness had been realized. He worked for a large tech company, designing new aspects of technology for keeping people informed and in touch while also dabbling in film-making and photography.

And now. Now work had brought him for a week to the city where I lived. We snatched up the opportunity to get together for dinner and drinks. I had butterflies in my stomach so bad I felt like I could almost puke. I hoped I could settle down once I was seated with a drink in my hand.

I stepped from my car, smoothing my long white linen skirt and straightening my cool blue camisole top. I carried a large leather handbag and wore matching leather sandals.

The restaurant was half a block away and I made my way to the entrance quickly. He was seated at the bar, a cold beer in his hand. He hadn't changed much. In high school he'd been an inch or so taller than I but a late growth spurt had put him near 6 feet, compared with my 5'6". His hair was still blond, still a bit shaggy looking. It suited him. The green eyes I remembered so well sparkled as they met my blue ones.

"You're bald!" he exclaimed.

I laughed nervously. I had shaved my head a few months before to help raise money for cancer research. I discovered that I liked it. It was strangely liberating not to worry about, frizzy hair, limp hair, hair in my face, hair on my clothes. So I continued shaving it off every few weeks.

"Yes. Yes, I am," I replied. "What do you think?"

"I think ... I think it suits you," he said. "It's actually pretty sexy, now that I think about it."

"That's good. I think." I giggled and then cursed myself for sounding like the fifteen-year-old I used to be.

"What are you drinking?" I asked.

"It's a local brew. Pretty good stuff. You want to try it?" He proffered his glass and I took a sip. It was dark and heavy, almost chocolatey. Very tasty but not what I was in the mood for. I took a seat next to him and ordered a vodka tonic.

We made small talk for a few minutes, sipping drinks and waiting for our table. He seemed almost as nervous as I felt, although the butterflies had settled a bit.

When our table was ready we settled in with menus and second drinks. We ordered and then got into deeper conversation. He told me about his work project, I told him about my job as a nurse, about my kids. We carefully avoided the subject of significant others. I knew he had been single for a few years from our previous conversations. He knew that my boyfriend and I had split amicably, although painfully, a couple of months prior. But neither of us wanted to talk about this.

Before I knew it we'd finished our food and a couple more drinks. We split our check and stood to leave. We left the restaurant and stepped into the balmy evening. It was summer, about 9:00 pm on a Saturday and the sun had just set. A light breeze blew through the trees, bringing cool air down from the mountains.

"Would you like to walk for a while?" I asked. "This is great neighborhood for people watching."

"Sure," he replied. We took off down the street, mingling with the other post-dinner walkers. Almost without realizing it, we joined hands. My pulse quickened when I realized what was happening. With him nearer to me now I could smell his scent – no cologne, just the clean, fresh scent of his soap. The heat of his arm against mine sent shivers over me. I wondered if he was experiencing this the same way I was.

We came to a small park where families enjoyed late picnics, a couple of street musicians played for tips and couples snuggled on the park benches. We sat at the edge of the fountain, taking in the sights of people being people. A few moments of silence passed with neither of us speaking.

"So. What's their story?" He nudged me gently and motioned to an older couple across the way. They sat on a bench, his arm around her shoulders and her hand on his knee. Neither spoke but it wasn't an awkward appearing scenario, just companionable.

"Them? Hm. They look very comfortable with one another; they've been together for years. I think they've worked hard, might have a couple of grown children. Now they're enjoying retirement, traveling whenever and wherever they want to."

He smiled. "That's a nice image."

I looked at him carefully. "What do you think people watchers see when they look at us?" His eyes looked into mine briefly, looked away, looked back.

"Us? Us?" he stammered. "I don't know." He faltered a bit and looked away again. "They probably see a couple like any other couple. Maybe with a couple of kids, working hard so they can retire and travel the world together."

"I wish that was the truth about us," I blurted. And then I caught myself. I blushed furiously and stared across the park. "I'm sorry!" I gasped. "It's just that I haven't stopped thinking about you for fifteen years. I regret caving in to my parents and losing you. I think so many things could have been so much better if I hadn't. I know it's impossible to say what would have happened but that's what I imagined it might have been like for us."

Silence.

"I'm sorry. I hope I haven't ruined the night," I said meekly. "Can we pretend I never said that?"

"No, it's okay," he said quietly. "I've thought the same thing."

I reached for his hand again, this time lacing my fingers between his, and squeezed. "I'm so sorry. Sorry for hurting you, for giving up. If I could go back and change it all I would do it in a heartbeat."

Then he smiled the most beautiful, heart-melting smile I'd ever seen. "I know," he said softly. "It's okay. Now, let's stop being melancholy and talk about something more cheerful."

"More cheerful, eh? What did you have in mind?" I asked.

He looked sideways at me and grinned mischievously. "Well, I was thinking about kissing you. Is that cheerful enough?"

To answer, I leaned over and kissed his cheek softly. He turned to face me then and leaned in for a real kiss. Immediately, the butterflies were back. His lips were just as I remembered – full and soft and delicious. We parted briefly, looked into each others' eyes and then met again in an exquisite, toe-curling kiss that left us both breathless.

When we parted I could see that he was as full of lust for me as I was for him. "Should we go somewhere else?" I whispered.

"Definitely," he whispered back.

We stood and headed across the park and toward the restaurant we had just left. His hotel was about three blocks away. We hurried down the street, holding hands and laughing. I couldn't believe this was happening and I said as much when we stopped at a red light, waiting for traffic to clear.

"Neither can I," he replied. "I've wanted this since we were fifteen." He grinned hugely. "But you were such a tease!"

I gasped and swatted at his arm playfully. "Hey! You can't blame me for that! I was trying to be a good girl!" He laughed, took my hand and pulled me across the street, heading once again for the hotel.

The elevator couldn't move fast enough for us. He pressed me against the glass wall, hands on my shoulders and kissed me hard, pushing his tongue into my mouth. I gave back as good as I was getting, pushing back with my tongue and wrapping my arms around his back. I became wetter by the second as the kiss continued all the way up to his floor, our tongues writhing together, small moans escaping our throats.

Suddenly the elevator doors opened and we parted long enough to find his room. We fell into the room kissing and groping at each other madly. Then it was my turn to push him against the wall, grinding my hip against the fully-formed erection I could feel in his pants. He groaned and pulled me closer, clamping his mouth over mine again.

I began to unzip his pants and he stopped me. "Wait. I want to watch you undress," he said.

I took a step back, kicked off my sandals and unzipped my skirt, letting it fall to the floor. "Now you." I said. He unbuttoned his shirt and dropped it from his shoulders. "And you?" he returned. I pulled my camisole over my head, giving him a look that clearly said he was next again.

He stared at my body, clad in only pale yellow bikini panties and the yellow bra that held my 34D breasts. "God, you are so beautiful," he breathed. "You were all that I dreamt of years ago and you still are." He took a step toward me but I stopped him with my outstretched hand.

"Uh-uh! You have on too many clothes!" I teased. He groaned but stopped and quickly opened his jeans, pushing them down and revealing boxers that showed off a large bulge. My eyes were drawn to it as a small sigh of desire escaped my lips. I couldn't wait any longer to touch him.

I rushed at him, wrapping my arms around his neck and a leg around his hips. His hands went to my waist and around my back, tracing fingertips up my spine as we kissed hungrily. The feel of his hands on my bare skin was unbelievable.

We tripped and stumbled to the bed, falling onto it together. He began to trail kisses across my cheek, down my neck to my collar bones. His hands went up to my breasts, squeezing them firmly through my bra.

I reached down for the impressive bulge in his boxers, squeezing appreciatively. His groan of appreciation let me know that I was headed the right way. I rubbed firmly for a few seconds and then gently grasped his balls as he reached behind me and unhooked my bra. It fell free and my breasts bounced out. He immediately bent forward and took one erect nipple into his mouth, licking gently and then sucking firmly.

I arched my back, raising my chest to him as waves of pleasure ran over me. He bit carefully on one nipple while flicking the other gently between his fingers. My pussy responded with a fresh gush of slick wetness and I shivered from the pleasure.

I then pushed him gently onto his back, moving down to his boxers and pulling them down to reveal his thick, upright cock. "Oh, my!" I breathed. I took it in one hand and leaned down to place my mouth over the head. I tasted a bit of pre-cum and swallowed while moving down to take more of him in my mouth. He sighed contentedly and ran his hands over my head and neck. Gently I massaged his balls with one hand while slowly pumping his cock with the other and sucking appreciatively. Deep moans of pleasure came from him as he abandoned himself over to my mouth and hands.

I couldn't believe I was doing this again. I had learned this from him and still remembered exactly what he liked. I stretched out my tongue, running it down the underside of his dick, then brought it back up again to the head, sucking first gently and then more firmly. I continued this for a while until he pulled me up, saying, "Now it's your turn."

He placed me gently on my back and tugged on my panties, taking his time and studying every inch of my body. He smiled appreciatively as my pubic hair came into view. And then my slit was on display. He leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on my mound. Then he took two fingers and slid them gently into the top of my slit, carefully avoiding my sensitive clit. The touch of his fingers on my labia sent me into shockwaves of pleasure. He held his fingers still while watching my face and smiled seductively. Then he moved his fingers down, testing my sensitivity and savoring the slippery wetness, still smiling. Then he slowly slid both fingers into my tight, hot hole while placing his thumb over my swollen clit. I began to hump my pelvis toward his hand and he pumped his fingers slowly in and out of my pussy while rubbing gently over my clit.

"Oh, god!" I gasped. "You are fucking amazing!"

He smiled and continued his rubbing, turning up the intensity by curving his fingers up toward my G spot. And then I was over the edge, falling, spinning into an intense orgasm. He kept up stroking and pumping as I came back down.

When I was finally at rest he moved up to lie beside me. I smiled dreamily into his eyes. The kiss started out slow and languid, growing into a deep, hungering kiss, full of warring tongues and moaning voices. Suddenly he was over me as I spread my legs and he settled between them, his cock lying firmly across my mound.

We broke our kiss and he pulled back slightly to look into my eyes. Together we guided his hard cock to the entrance of my pussy and paused there. "Are you ready?" he whispered. I nodded wordlessly and he pushed slowly into me, never breaking our gaze. The sensation of his large dick pushing into me after all this time was incredible. It was as emotional as it was physical.

When he was all the way into me he paused again still staring into my eyes. "This is amazing," he whispered softly. "You are amazing," I returned.

And then we began to move together, finding a rhythm that rocked us both to a level of pleasure we didn't know was possible. We moved together, running our hands over each others' bodies, kissing deeply, kissing each others' faces, necks, shoulders, ears.

After a bit the urgency increased and we moved faster. He bent lower and took my nipple between his teeth, biting softly at first and then harder. I screamed out in pleasure and responded by reaching for his ass. I dug my fingernails in and urged him deeper and faster into me. Then I took my index finger and ran it down his ass crack. He growled fiercely and began pounding me harder, his balls slapping against me and my breasts bouncing against his chest. I reached another orgasm and rode it out as he continued pumping into me. We slowed to a stop, he leaning toward my face and kissing my forehead, eyes, cheeks and finally my lips.

I kissed him back and then rolled over him, shifting him to his back. I positioned my dripping, hot hole over his still erect penis and slowly lowered myself onto him. I placed my hands over his shoulders and began to move slowly up and down. I felt his hips push up into me, meeting me stroke for stroke. I saw his face begin to change, his expression becoming intense as he reached the edge. I pushed into him harder and faster, feeling his cock begin that wonderful expansion that happens just before a man comes. I raised myself slightly, reaching behind me to grasp his balls and tug gently on them. Suddenly he came with a force that pushed me to a third orgasm as his hot, thick semen filled me. I continued to ride him through it and then collapsed on his chest, breathing heavily. We stayed like that for a few minutes, recovering from our passion before snuggling together into the sheets and falling into that deep sleep that comes only when you're completely satisfied.