 Rose looked out at the sky. It was a clear, late summer night, and she could see the moon glowing above the trees. Although this image would calm most, standing under the stars brought her back to a night many years ago, one that still remained unresolved.

The summer after she turned 18 had been the greatest of her life. Rose had spent it backpacking far from her home. Although she had met many people along the way who were special to her, even romantically, there was one person who had meant more to her than the others combined. His name was Noah. He was an 18-year-old cello player with dark green eyes and an air of intelligence. Although Rose had been free, Noah had a girlfriend at home. This did not keep them from becoming travel companions, spending hours walking together talking, leaving no topics unturned, including their sex lives.

One day, Noah and Rose played The Secrets Game.

"What's the craziest thing you've ever done?" he asked her.

Rose smiled slyly. "I hooked up with a girl once," she began.

Noah's interest had been provoked. "Serious?"

Rose nodded.

"Tell me everything. Every detail."

Rose thought for a moment.

"She was sleeping over at my house and at about 2 in the morning when I was half asleep, I felt her start massaging my back..." Despite her trust in Noah, she was reluctant to tell him more.

"Come on. I'm dying here!!" 

"Um...She was kissing my neck and whispering to me to relax. We started making out, and undressing each other...." Rose hesitated again, despite knowing that Noah would more than just tolerate her story.

"We played with each other's boobs while we were still in our underwear, and then she took off my bra and sucked on my nipples until I lay her down on her back. I took her bra off her, and kissed her breasts, flicking her nipples. After a while she was pretty turned on so I kissed my way down her body and ate her out until she came. After a few minutes she took my panties off me, and I rolled on top of her, moving our legs into the right position. I ground my pussy against hers--"

Noah interrupted. "And how did that feel?"

"It's a really awkward position, but it was amazing. It was so hot and wet, and she was moaning even though she'd just cum a minute before. I felt her swollen tits against mine, all soft and warm, and after a while I came really hard, and I fingered her until she came again, and we fell asleep, and we got up the next day and...went shopping, or something...I can't remember." Rose smiled. She was surprised that she had shared her experience in such detail, thinking that it would have made her feel like a slut. But she felt liberated and happy that she had told Noah. She liked knowing that she had turned him on. She hoped that he would reciprocate with something good.

"So I guess it's your turn now. What's the craziest thing you've ever done?"

"I slept with a guy once." He smiled.

"Somehow, as pro-gay as I am, I don't really want to hear the details of that one!" Rose laughed.

"No, you really don't. It would have been really fun...if I was gay."

Another day, they played the game again.

"How big are you?" Rose began.

Noah gave her a sly grin.

"Maybe you'll find out some day,"

She tried to protest, he touched her hand.

"Tell me your biggest secret ever."

Rose looked into the depth of his green eyes. Her heart raced and she longed to tell him the true secret. "I am in love with you." But she stayed silent, gathering courage, until the two were interrupted by some a couple they had met the previous day.

By the end of the summer, they had reached an unsaid understanding that in another time and place, their friendship would have been more. The night Rose left Noah had been one of the most bittersweet memories of her life. As they walked along for the last time, she had felt a rush that compelled her to grab him into her arms, and he had reciprocated. As he held her in the moonlight, Rose wondered what she would do when she returned to her normal life. They looked at each other, then looked down, knowing that they were dangerously close to a kiss, and that they could not allow Noah to stray. It was time for Rose to leave. The path they walked was dark, and they held hands. The world was waiting as Noah kissed Rose lightly, and held her for the last time before she walked away, alone. They had not seen each other again.

Rose and Noah had corresponded regularly and happily despite the 10-hour distance between them. They remained interested in each others' lives. They discussed problems and triumphs in late-night phone calls. Their inside jokes survived. They often said the exact same thing at the exact same time. They graduated from high school, and Rose attended college 2 hours from his home. She knew that she would see Noah again some day, but she often wondered what their reunion would be like.

One day Rose received a phone call from Noah as she was on her way to class.

"I'm coming to see you," he said.

"Really?"

"Yeah. I have no classes next monday so I was thinking I could come down for the weekend."

Rose was startled. "I haven't seen you for years. And what about Jessica?"

"Jessica's been gone for a while. I'm sorry I didn't say anything about it. I wanted to recover on my own first, if that makes any sense. In fact, we can talk about it when I get there." If Noah was still grieving, his voice left no indication.

She took a deep breath. "I would love to see you this weekend. My roommate and I even have sleeping space for you. Do you need me to pick you up from the train station?..."

When Rose hung up the phone she felt different. She was excited, but also extremely scared. What would happen during this visit? They were both single. They were not too far away from each other. Were these the different terms that their relationship had lacked before? She thought of all the nights when she had fantasized that he was with her in her bed. Noah kissing her the way she had wanted him to kiss her the night they said goodbye. "Would he take off his glasses?" Rose wondered, as she imagined running her fingers through his dark brown hair, feeling his musician hands exploring her body, feeling his cock grow, feeling it inside of her. She shivered, thinking of the futon she and her roommate kept for guests, wondering if maybe they wouldn't need it this time.

On friday, Rose finished her lab and headed to the train station to meet Noah. As she entered the building and stood waiting for him to arrive, she felt her heart beat out of control. Every nerve in her body was in panic mode, and her palms were so sweaty she had to wipe then on her jeans. She saw the train pull into the station, and watched as people exited, wondering if maybe he looked different from when she had left him. Noah climbed off the train and Rose ran to him, jumping into his arms. It was a cliche reunion at best, but as she felt his arms around her again, knowing that her friend was back, it didn't matter at all.

"So, what should we do first? Are you hungry?" Rose asked as she drove Noah back to her dorm.

"Actually I'm starving. Let's catch up while we eat."

Rose looked sideways at him. "Yeah...you can tell me what the hell happened with Jessica that you didn't seem was necessary to mention."

Noah looked sheepish. "It's not very interesting, but if it would make you happy..."

Rose pulled into campus. "I think it would. Unless you don't want to talk about it." She turned off the car and got out. "Let's go get some food."

Noah and Rose spent the next few hours deep in conversation. Despite their regular correspondence, the opportunity to actually speak face-to-face was definitely the preferred method of communication. Noah had the chance to tell her about what had happened with Jessica.

"I know that we loved each other, but we are completely different people. We don't like the same things and we couldn't pretend that we did just because of the sex. Eventually we just fought all the time, and it wasn't fair to either of us to stay in the relationship. We both knew that, and now we're better off as individuals."

Rose was further impressed by Noah's maturity of the situation. She hoped her eyes communicated this, because she couldn't resist a rather immature comment.

"But the sex was good?"

Noah smiled. "Oh, yes it was."

They sat for a moment smiling at each other. Then Noah broke the silence.

"So, what's been going on with you romantically?"

Rose sighed. "Not much. I guess I'm kind of picky. I've dated, but nothing's been really exciting." She remembered how in love she had been with Joseph, the boy she'd dated right before they went to college 13 hours apart. Aside from Noah, nobody had understood her as well. She wished that she could find someone with that depth of connection again. When she couldn't, she had stopped looking.

"Nobody could take Joseph's place, huh?" Noah smiled.

"Nobody who was available," Rose's eyes shone.

Noah returned her gaze. Then he stood up from the table.

"Why don't we get a movie tonight? That way I'll be awake to see the city tomorrow," Noah did seem to be tired from traveling, even if it was only 2 hours worth.

"Sounds good to me. Do you want to pick?" Rose knew that they liked the same movies. Noah shrugged, and as they walked out the door, she felt his hand lightly touch her shoulder blade. Tentative and instantaneous as it was, she still felt a shiver of excitement as they headed to the video store. He selected an obscure indie film, they returned to the dorm, then settled on the futon in Rose's room to watch it.

It was nice to sit together again. There was nothing urgent to discuss, and Rose and Noah were comfortable to enjoy just being around each other for the weekend. At least for a half-hour or so, until Noah decided to lie down on the futon.

"I'm tired," he protested.

"I can go to bed if you want," Rose said.

"No, it's fine. I'm not *that* tired,"

"It's just hard to sit with you all sprawled out here," she whacked at him playfully, but Noah grabbed her arm.

"You can lie down with me if you want," his eyes flirting.

Rose tried not to smile, but without avail. Noah persisted.

"Come on, you know you want to," He tickled her sides. 

She giggled. "OK, fine. You win."

She lay down on the futon. Noah slid his arms around her waist, hugging her body to his. Rose closed her eyes, enjoying his warmth. After a few minutes he nuzzled her neck, and his hands began to slide across her soft stomach, then to the curves of her hips. He kissed her hair, her temple, her cheek, his mouth migrating continually downward. It felt so good to be close to him, but she didn't want to go much further without knowing that this would last beyond the weekend.

"Noah?"

"Mmwha?" His voice was groggy.

"What's going to happen when you go home?"

Noah sat up, holding Rose's head in his lap. He looked into her eyes.

"I'll come back whenever I can. And you can come see me when you can,"

"Are we doing this for real now?" Her voice was quiet and vulnerable.

Noah stroked her hair. "Yes, Rose. We are." He leaned down to her face and kissed her lips softly. She put her fingers in his hair and kissed him harder. Their mouths opened, tongues tasting each other sensuously. She turned off the tv, and pulled him back so he was lying down with her again, their hands free to explore each other's bodies.

They had waited so long for this. It was dreamlike as Noah kissed Rose's neck, his fingers tracing up to feel the soft skin underneath her shirt. She sighed, pulling his shirt over her head, running her hands over his pecs and flat stomach, feeling the sparse hair that covered his body. Her lips traced his neck and upward, where she used her tongue and teeth on his ears. Noah undid the buttons of Rose's shirt slowly, kissing the tops of her small, round breasts as he went. He lingered after removing the shirt, cupping her in his hands before unhooking her sheer, lacy bra and bringing his mouth to the breasts, lips first brushing in between them, then moving to suck the pink nipples each in turn. Rose groaned. She could feel her arousal growing in between her legs. With every touch of his hands she could feel the fluids escape from deep inside of her. He unzipped her pants, then moved his hands over her hips and behind to her back, kissing her neck again. Rose was even more turned on that he was holding her back. She pulled her head back and looked into his eyes, and they smiled at each other. He slowly put his fingers under the waistband of her panties, as he kissed her gently. His fingers travelled further, and he slipped one inside of her. 

"You're so wet," he murmured in her ear.

"I'm wet because you make me feel so good,"

She moaned softly. Noah removed his finger, and her panties. Naked, Rose pulled him up to a sitting position and straddled him. His eyes travelled all over her body.

"You're beautiful," he breathed, kissing her neck. She undid his belt and he ran his hands across her body liberally as she pulled down his pants, grinding into him, feeling his hardness. She sucked his neck, then kissed lower across his chest, then down the happy trail. She removed his boxers, noting that he was very well-endowed. Taking the shaft in her hand, she licked the head of his stiff cock before sliding her entire mouth onto it. She moved up and down over it, her mouth making her tongue vibrating over him. After a minute or so, Noah groaned, and touched her hair with his hands.

"Rose, it's not time for me to come yet," he said, pulling her up. Holding her hips, he laid her down on her back. He kissed her before he lowered his head and began to eat her gently. Her back arched with the sensations of his tongue, and it was not long before he brought her to an orgasm that made her toes curl. He lay down next to her as while she caught her breath, and as he kissed her, she could taste herself on his tongue. Soon she was ready for more. She looked at him. 

"I want you inside me." 

Noah looked back. "Mmm, so do I." 

He couldn't wait much longer. Rose knew that he had made her come to prepare her for his enormous size, yet he continued to tease her by allowing only an inch or so of his cock into her pussy as she anticipated the opening being filled. He waited for her pussy to involuntarily migrate itself towards his cock, craving more, before thrusting entirely into her slick hole. She raised her hips to his, wrapping her legs around his back, and he slid around inside of her until she came again, contracting around his cock, and he exploded inside her, moaning with the sensations, both feeling closer than they had ever been before.

Rose lay next to Noah, her hand on his stomach as they recovered. After a while she looked into his eyes, and wordlessly they climbed into her bed. He held her from behind as they fell into a deep sleep, finally both in the same place.