 He sat there in the airport growing more nervous with each passing second. There are some mistakes that a person regrets for their entire life and never has the opportunity to go back and fix. This was his opportunity to go back and have another chance at the mistake he regretted most in his entire life.

Years ago, when he was in university, he'd had the fortunate opportunity to meet a really amazing girl. He'd seen her nearby, talking with some of her friends, and immediately came to the conclusion that this was a really funny, easy-going girl that was also incredibly cute. She was always smiling and laughing and seemed to make everyone around her very happy.

They were eventually introduced to each other, but by that time, she was dating another guy. Thinking that waiting around wasn't very productive, he went about his own life and saw other people as well. Throughout their years in university, they maintained a really fun friendship but never had the opportunity to see if they were destined for more than that.

Months turned to years, university turned to work and locations changed. Unfortunately they grew apart from each other and life continued on without their bond holding them together. Then, years later, they bumped into each other, and started to catch up on old times. It took no time at all and they fell back into their comfortable relationship.

It also didn't take long for both of them discover that they still had strong feelings for each other. However, life had taken them in different directions and they were now living over six thousand kilometres apart. This was going to be their first meeting in many years and the butterflies in his stomach were multiplying like rabbits. His heart was pounding heavily in his chest and it felt like everyone around him was aware of it. 

Her palms were starting to sweat and she was actually starting to feel a little bit dizzy. She couldn't actually recall a time when she had felt like this before in her life. She was on her way to meet up with the guy that she'd had a crush on for the better part of a decade. They were finally going to get to see each other again and she was excited beyond belief. She was also very worried about what his reaction to seeing her after all these years might be; would he like what he found or would he realize he'd made a big mistake? She was actually starting to wonder if she'd have the strength and courage to get off the plane. 

They had made plans to take a road trip together using a truck and camper. They were going to visit a bunch of different places that neither of them had ever been to. It would have been a really exciting trip to take, even if it wasn't with him. But it was with him, and she knew that it wasn't really the trip that mattered, and she couldn't stop worrying about their first encounter.

I checked my watch for the tenth time. It was 2:53 and according to the flight boards, her flight was still on schedule for 2:55. Two more minutes until her flight was scheduled to arrive, I couldn't stand the wait, it was unbearable.

It felt like an eternity, but it was only 3:03 on my watch when people started to flow out of the gate. It took me a minute of frantic searching to finally spot her walking to the waiting area. She hadn't seen me yet and what I saw really caught me by surprise.

She was standing about 5'3" with wavy shoulder length brown hair that framed the cutest face I'd ever seen in my life. She was wearing a dark knee length skirt that did a good job of showing off her legs, but what really caught my attention was the halter top that she was wearing. It was bright red and cut very low into her cleavage. It did an incredible job of drawing attention to her full 36D breasts.

I quickly slipped through the crowd of people walking out of the gate and worked made my way over to her. It was only when I got close to her that she finally spotted me, and a huge smile broke out over her face. I'd forgotten just how adorable she looked when she was happy.

She dropped her backpack to the floor and I wrapped my arms around her. She smelled so nice, it was a gentle vanilla scent and I couldn't help but inhale deeply when I buried my face into her neck.

"I missed you so much," I whispered into her ear as we held our embrace.

"I'm so happy... I've been waiting for this moment," she whispered back into my ear.

I held onto her for a full minute when she pulled back with a surprised look on her face and exclaimed "Oh!"

I blushed deeply and pulled myself away from her as I realized that I had developed an erection that had poked her in the stomach, "Sorry," I stammered.

"No, it's ok, I like it," she said as she pulled me back into her. "Mmmm... but maybe we should go get my luggage and get out of here."

"I like that idea," I told her as I started to tug her over to the luggage carousel, where we had to wait a little while for the luggage to start coming out. While we were waiting, I had my arm around her waist and she was leaning her head onto my shoulder. I couldn't wait to get her out of the airport and spend some time alone with her. I also couldn't stop looking down at her largely exposed cleavage, her breasts looked so inviting and I couldn't wait to see if they were as soft as they looked.

Eventually her bags came out and I grabbed them off the carousel. I carried her two suitcases while she carried her backpack and we walked towards the exit of the airport. We didn't say much but we both kept stealing glances at each other, and I'm sure that the grin on my face was at least as large as the one on hers.

We finally got to my truck, which had my camper loaded onto the back for our upcoming road trip. I figured we might as well put her luggage in there instead of moving it again later from the cab of the truck. I told this to her and then climbed into the back of the camper. I secured her suitcases so they wouldn't slide around while we were driving, and when I turned around, she was standing at the doorway of the camper.

"Hi," she said as she blushed. She always used to smile and blush when she was nervous and it always melted my heart when she did that. I couldn't help but smile as I walked over to her and wrapped my arms around her again.

"I'm so glad you're here right now, I've wanted to hold you in my arms so badly it hurt," I whispered into her ear. I could feel her warm breath against my neck and her large breasts pressing up against my chest. I knew that it wouldn't be long before I started to develop an erection again.

"Me too, I've been dreaming of this moment for so long," she said as she pressed herself even harder against me. I couldn't resist the urge and I began to nibble on her ear lobe, and I could hear her let out a soft sigh. I moved my left hand up to her face and cupped her cheek as I leaned in to kiss her.

Her lips were so soft and inviting, I could feel a shiver going down my spine as she began to kiss me back. I gently slid my tongue against her lips and could feel her mouth open to invite me in. I sought out her tongue and could hear her breath starting to quicken.

I could feel my erection pressing into her as I slid my right hand down her back and onto her ass. I pulled her tightly against my erection as I felt her let out a moan.

She surprised me by what she did next though as she broke off our kiss and began to work her way down my neck. She was nibbling and kissing my neck and I didn't even notice when she started to lift my shirt up and over my head. She still had her face nuzzled into my neck when I started to pull up on her tank top, I couldn't wait to see and feel her marvellous breasts pressed directly against me.

She lifted her head up so that I could get her top off and I took the opportunity to lean in and begin kissing her beautiful shoulders. I worked my way over to her neck and couldn't help notice the bra that she was wearing. It was a really comfortable looking dark grey cotton bra with a flowery design on the left cup that really didn't do much to contain her large breasts. "Ohhh, you look so sexy in that bra," I told her as I looked down at her breasts.

"Mmmm, I bought it just for you," she replied. I slowly worked my lips down towards her exposed cleavage. I slid both of my hands around to her back and unsnapped her bra. I could feel her hands on the back of my head, pulling me into her chest. Her bra came loose on her chest and fell down just enough to expose her right nipple. I flicked my tongue over her nipple and a gasp escaped from her lips as she put pressure on the back of my head and pushed her nipple into my mouth. She began to moan as I sucked on her nipple and I began to use my hands to pull her bra all the way off her body, fully exposing her breasts and her other nipple.

I moved my mouth over to her other nipple and took it between my lips while giving it a very gentle nibble with my teeth. The moan that escaped her lips this time was much louder and I could feel her breath beginning to quicken as her chest rose and fell faster by the minute.

After sucking on her nipples and massaging her breasts for a while, I began to kiss my way down towards her stomach. I slid my tongue into her cute belly button and at the same time I reached both of my hands down to her ass and began to slide them down the back of her legs to the bottom of her skirt.

I continued to kiss my way down to the top of her skirt and pressed my mouth against her covered pussy as I slid my hands underneath her skirt and back up her legs. I cupped her ass cheeks and pulled her pussy tighter against my face and I heard her respond, "Ohhhhhh gawd."

I slid my hands out from under her skirt and undid the zipper along the side. It fell to the floor and I found myself staring directly at her panty covered pussy. She had on a really sexy pair of boyshorts that hugged her crotch very tightly and did a really good job of accentuating her shapely ass.

I stood up and pushed her backwards onto the bed and bent over her crotch again. I licked my tongue up her panties, right overtop of her pussy as she thrust her hips upwards in desperation. My erection was beginning to hurt inside of my pants, but I wanted to enjoy this moment and I wanted to make her want it as badly as I did.

I grabbed the front of her panties with my teeth and used my hands to pull down on the back of them. She lifted her hips off of the bed to help me get them off of her. Once I had her completely naked in front of me I kissed her big toe and slowly kissed my way up her calf and finally to her inner thigh. At this point she was moving her hips up and down and she started to reach her hand down towards her pussy. I linked my hand with hers and moved it off to her side as she whimpered and continued to move her hips around, looking for something to give her relief.

I finally worked my way up to her pussy and saw for the first time that she had a neatly trimmed patch of reddish brown hair just above her slit. I kissed her patch of hair and then gave her clit a quick lick, which caused her to let out a loud moan. She reached down with her free left hand and tried to pull my head against her pussy but I again took her hand in mine and put it off to the side of her body.

I dragged my tongue from the bottom of her pussy lips to the top and gently slid it in a little ways. She was dripping wet and I could really taste her juices. I then worked my way back up to her clit and proceeded to lick it up and down. I released both of her hands and moved mine to her breasts where I proceeded to play with her nipples while I licked her clit.

She was starting to moan pretty loudly now and was humping her pussy against my face. She grabbed my hands and pressed them roughly against her chest, "Oh gawd! I'm gonna cum!"

I took her clit into my mouth and began to suck on it while I continued to flick my tongue over it, "Ahhhh!!" she was thrashing around wildly as she came against my mouth. It took a full minute before she settled down and then she was panting and trying to catch her breath. I stood up and gazed down at her sexy body as I unzipped my pants and stepped out of my boxers.

She was laying there with her eyes closed and her chest rapidly rising and falling, she didn't even notice me crawl between her legs until she felt my dick pressing against the entrance to her pussy.

"Oh My! I..." her breath caught in her throat again as I penetrated her. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled our bodies tightly against each other as I began to thrust in and out of her. We both began to moan as I slid myself in and out of her. She met each of my thrusts with her own and it didn't take long before we were both panting and sweating against each other. I could feel her hard nipples pressing against my chest and her breath going in and out of her lungs.

All of a sudden, I could feel her starting to tense up underneath me, "Ohh!! I'm gonna cum again! I'm so close!"

At that moment I pulled my rock hard dick out of her pussy and removed my left arm from behind her. My right arm was close to her waist and I proceeded to lift her up and flip her onto her stomach. She was a little startled and before she had time to say anything, I reached down, picked up her hips, and slid back into her pussy from behind.

I began thrusting myself really hard into her pussy as she began to moan and scream. I could see her breasts bouncing around underneath her as she thrusted herself towards me with reckless abandon. I knew it even before she told me, I could feel her pussy starting to contract around my dick.

"I'm cumming!" she shouted. The way that her pussy was contracting around my dick was causing me to reach my orgasm too and we both let out loud moans as we peaked.

After we both finished, she fell forward onto the bed and rolled over onto her side to look up at me, "Wow... that was amazing," she told me.

"I know, I don't know if I've ever had an orgasm that strong before!" I said to her. I looked down at her sexy body, with her breasts sagging slightly towards the bed and I lay down in front of her and gave her a great big hug. We stayed that way for a while until she finally rolled over and snuggled back up against me. I reached my right arm around her and cupped her breast while we snuggled up and drifted off to sleep.