 Two weeks ago she had seen him - her high school crush. She was walking the dog and he'd been running. He nearly passed her by, but the woman stopped in the middle of the road, mouth agape, likely caught his attention. He slowed and gave the cursory polite nod before recognition kicked in. He stopped to say hello. She offered him water. She watched unabashedly as he drank. His skin was covered in a fine sweat, just enough to make her pay attention to arms and shoulders and thighs and.... His breathing wasn't labored, but quicker than if he'd been out for a stroll. Good god, he looked good. She simply stood in the road and admired the man.

Tall, dark, handsome -- more so now than he had been as a kid. He had teased her in high school with charming smiles and appreciative looks, but he never took it any further. She was too shy to encourage him. Now, nearly two decades later, she was still at a loss for words when faced with this man. Their conversation was brief and polite. They spoke of family and careers and how long it had been. Then he was running, long strides in the opposite direction while she stood in the road with a pink blush staining her cheeks and an impatient dog pulling at the leash.

Thoughts of him lingered since they bumped into each other. She remembered the boy from all those years ago. She considered the man he was now. Mostly she just kept imaging him running. Off all the things to fantasize about, this isn't what she would have picked. Never the less, it what she saw when she closed her eyes. That long frame and gorgeous skin. Muscles bunching and contracting. Mmmmm.

Now she was surrounded by friends on a rare evening out without the kids. The night was a celebration of a friend's birthday. They had taken over a park and there were people everywhere. She stood by her husband's side and smile and laughed and thought about the ridiculously brief encounter with a guy she once knew. She had to banish him from her thoughts. Rum, she thought. Rum would help. She murmured something to her husband about finding a drink and slipped away. 

She stopped by the picnic table that had been designated as the bar and procured the self prescribed rum and coke. Instead of returning to her husband's side, she wandered through the crowd. She greeted friends and acknowledged smiles from those she didn't know as well. She paused to watch a group of slightly drunken party goers attempt to start a volleyball game. The task of organizing teams seemed to baffle them. She was laughing at their antics when she felt someone close behind her. She turned. Tall, dark and handsome.

"Hi," he said simply. He smiled. She did her best not to swoon.

"Hello. What are you doing here?" 

"Party." He gestured at the crowd around them. "I'm friends with the birthday boy. And you?"

She nodded. "Same." At a loss for what to say, she sipped at her drink and looked everywhere but his eyes. Eye contact would give her away; he'd surely see the all the lustful salacious things she wanted to do... He looked fabulous again. Simple white tee shirt and jeans. He looked like the classic rebel without a cause. His jeans had settled low, a thick black belt keeping them from slipping lower. She wasn't so sure she liked that belt. He cleared his throat and she realized she had likely been focused on his buckle, willing it to come loose, for a just a bit too long. She bravely raised her gaze to his.

He was watching her with those dark coffee eyes. Her body reacted -- a quick, hot rush that pulsed through her, straight to her core. She wanted to touch, to slip her fingers into that low waist band... to slide her open palms over that warm tanned skin on his belly.

Instead, she pushed her cup into his hands, turned and strode away. She found the path that wound around the perimeter of the park. It twisted and curved through the trees. In the twilight, the shadows were deep and rich. She walked briskly until the temptation to turn around and fling herself into the arms of another woman's husband dimmed.

With her system under control and her breathing just a little easier, she slowed her pace. There was a giant willow just off the path. It's limbs dipped low, almost completely obscuring the ground around it. That, she thought, is the perfect place to hide. Or sulk. Or hide whilst I sulk.... She headed right for the shelter of the limbs. 

She had just settled against the trunk when the limbs parted. Tall, dark and handsome. He stopped just in front of her and squatted on his heels so they were on the same level. He studied her face for a moment. "You forgot your drink." He offered her the red plastic cup.

She accepted the cup without meeting his gaze. "I'm sorry. That was incredibly rude. I'm sorry."

"Are you okay?" His hand stroked over her knee in a simple gesture of concern. The innocent touch sent sparks and shivers through her system. The surprising reaction caused her to jolt and she looked up. Right into his deep dark eyes. Fuck. I'm toast. She swallowed. "I'm fine," she managed. "You've just kind of thrown me for a loop." He arched a brow and pointed questioningly at his chest. She laughed. "Yes, you. I've been a total mess since we saw each other." She bit her lower lip and hoped like hell that he didn't think that she was a total nut after her little confession.

"Why?" He brushed a lock of hair out of her eyes and waited.

"Because you're all kinds of.... Because I.... "She blew out a frustrated breath and started over. "Because I wanted you more than anything in high school and it's so much worse now that it's almost ridiculous."

He sat back on his heels and studied her. She could practically see the gears turning in his mind. She shouldn't have confessed. She felt her cheeks heat. She was a married woman; he had a ring on his hand as well. She shouldn't be thinking this way, let alone telling him about it. He leaned forward and pressed a kiss to her temple, then one to her cheek. His mouth slid down to the side of hers and he brushed a kiss there too. Suddenly the process of breathing seemed to be too much. It seemed like hours had passed before he finally slid his mouth over hers. It was just the barest of kisses. He was gentle... Not tender, she could feel his need behind his touch.... But he didn't push, he didn't take. She closed her eyes, let her lips part, and leaned into him. 

This time the kiss was connected, solid, searing. She whimpered and tried to get closer. This kiss wasn't enough. She wanted his hands. And his skin. She wanted his breath and his scent and his taste. She wanted it all.

His hands streaked over her, from her shoulders, down her back to settle on her hips. She nearly purred. She rose onto her knees, linking her arms around his neck. His hands flexed, gripped her harder. Then he was moving with her, flipping them so he was leaning against the trunk of the tree and she was straddling his hips.

His fingers slid around her waist to tease the small of her back. She squirmed. His fingers shifted lower, a slow, deliberate move to cup her ass. She wiggled again. He murmured something unintelligible before reclaiming her mouth. Hands firmly on her ass, he pulled her into him, rocked her against his erection. Her tongue slid across his lower lip. Despite the fact the he was obviously hard and enjoying the moment, she was shy. 

Obviously not suffering from the same affliction, he pressed his tongue into her mouth. She whimpered. He was too damn delicious. A quick, searing rush of pure desire coursed through her. Her panties were soaked. She was certain he could feel it through her jeans.

She tracked her hands down his chest to his belly. She wanted skin. Her finger found the hem of his shirt and slid underneath. Palms spread; she explored the warmth of his skin. Apparently he liked this idea because his hand dipped into the waistband of her jeans. He slipped the button open and tugged at the zipper. Then he plunged his hands down the back of her jeans, inside her panties. He was greedy, gripping her in handfuls, pulling her tighter, sliding his hands lower. Hands firm, intention clear, he tipped her body so she was aligned with him. His fingers were deliberate, moving between her thighs.

"Mmmmm, wet," he murmured against her neck. He pushed one finger inside her; let her gasp and rock against his hand. Then a second finger. He whispered his approval at the tight fit, scraped his teeth over her shoulder and pressed his fingers deeper.

She pushed up so that she was on her knees. Watching him she drew her shirt over her head and tossed it to the side. Her bra followed. She continued to rock against his hand, but took the opportunity to tease him in return. She rubbed her hands over her belly; up her rib cage... she cupped her breasts, then teased her nipples. She watched his jaw clench and smiled in coy triumph. She twisted a nipple, moaned softly at the sensation. She leaned forward, hands on the tree trunk above his head. The new angle put her breasts just inches from his face. He pulled his hand out of her panties, rubbed her wet across her nipples, then sucked first one, then the other, clean. He seemed to know exactly how she wanted him to taste her, cupping her breasts and sucking in hungry mouthfuls of her.

She nearly came from just that.... Instead of letting him send her over the edge, she wiggled out of his grasp to kneel between his thighs. She unbuttoned his jeans, slid them -- and his briefs - out from under him and half way down his thighs. He was so very hard. And the tip was just glistening with pre-cum. Mmmmmm, she thought. Tall ,dark and handsome. Eyes on him, she wrapped her fingers around him and stroked. Then she took him in her mouth. She sucked ever so lightly on the tip of his cock. He bucked. She took him deeper into her mouth. She stroked while she sucked, finding all those sweet spots that made him gasp. His hands were in her hair, tangled fistfuls of hair. He pulled lightly, making her moan. She sucked harder. His hips began to move, pumping into her mouth. She sucked and stroked in counter motion, loving the way his breath changed and his fingers flexed in her hair. Her eyes moved to his again. His were heavy lidded and full of heat. As much fun as it would be to make him cum on her tongue, she wanted more.

Again, she slipped out of his grasp. She stood. Making sure that he was watching her every little move, she shimmied out of her jeans. Her panties were still on. He reached for her and she accepted. He pulled her over him, still standing, but straddling his hips. Hands on her ass, he pulled her to his mouth. She had to hold onto the tree again while he sucked on her clit through her saturated panties. He moved lower and pressed his tongue against her aching pussy. He pressed it just far enough inside to make her gasp and beg. Then he retreated. He did it again and again until she shattered against his mouth. A sound of pure carnal victory came from his throat. She merely hung onto the tree. 

He pulled her panties to the side, looked at her while he played in the wet. Then he was tugging her onto his lap again. She went willingly, anything for this man. He watched her as he guided her onto the tip of his cock. His eyes drifted close as he sank inside her, stretching her, filling her. Every little bit of her being was aware that he possessed her. And, fuck, it felt good. She rocked, slowly at first. His hands were everywhere, streaking over her sensitized skin. He was talking to her, telling her how good she felt, how good the things she was doing were. They moved faster. His hands were tighter now, gripping her hips. She rose and fell on him, begging him to do it harder, faster. He complied. That glorious tight spiral began to twist in her core. Her eyes closed, her head dropped back, and she let the need take over. His muttered oath let her know that he was close as well.

The orgasm crashed over her. It wasn't slow or sweet. It was brutal and divine. She understood then why the French called it "the little death." Her body was quaking when he succumbed to his own orgasm. She flexed her muscles while he pulsed inside her. His arms banded around her and he held tight until his body stopped convulsing.

When both of their bodies had calmed and his grip on her loosened, she pressed a kiss to his jaw, then his lips. She rocked once more against him to make him suck in a breath. Then she rose, retrieved her clothes. He watched her while she dressed before moving to tug his own clothing back into place. She blew him a kiss before slipping through the branches.

As she walked back to find her husband, she smiled. Tall, dark and handsome was most definitely going to stay in her thoughts. She just didn't mind so very much now.