 Pulling into the car park I could see that Charlotte was already there as her little dark red car was in the car park. It had been six weeks since we had last seen each other due to a mix of work commitments and holidays and I was as horny as hell. We had been flirting constantly the last week exchanging intimate messages and texts and it had built the sexual tension to the point that things were only going to happen one way when we were re united.

Getting out the car I took my time getting to the door, I was sure she would have heard me arrive back and knowing that it was all so close to happen I savoured the last few moments of anticipation, my thoughts no longer tortured me. I put the key in the door and let myself in, Charlotte was there to greet me, arms outstretched she pressed her small 5ft frame into my chest i could feel her breasts pressing into my torso and my cock in turn pressed back against my jeans reaching out for her. I held one hand against her lovely ass and gently squeezed and the other was in her hair, as she pulled away from the embrace I tilted her head towards mine and brought my lips gently down on hers, feeling the gentle warmth pressing back against mine, I continued to kiss her, I slipped my tongue to touch her lips a couple of times until I felt them part and then slipped it into her mouth caressing her tongue and as she reciprocated our tongues danced together. I let my hand fall from her hair, over the front of her shoulder and pressed my hand against her tits, they were just over a handful and I didn't have small hands. As I Squeezed her tits through her bra I moved her back against the wall and continued to kiss her deeply.

Finally moving my mouth from her lips I descended to her neck and went from a few light kisses to caressing her sensitive neck with my mouth as my hand travelled inside her leggings and against her knickers pressing against her underwear. She was hot down there and as I slipped my fingers around the fabric and rubbed against her wet lips she melted in the way that women do to let you know that it feels so good you can do whatever you want to them. I moved around to kiss the other side of her neck and my hands pushed her leggings and knickers down to mid thigh before my hand resumed circling her clit and running over her outer lips with my fingers. With her breathing quickening my lips travelled down to kiss the little bit of exposed cleavage she had and with my spare hand I ran it under her top, up her back and unclasped her bra. 

I was soon working to remove her top and on seeing her gorgeous tits with their hard nipples my cock strained still further against in my jeans, I took her nipple into my mouth as I entered her wet pussy for the first time with my index finger down to the second knuckle. "oh baby, that feels so good, more" she moaned. I loved to tease her, I asked her more what. "Deeper, more fingers" she begged. I told her she was a naughty little slut and gave her what she wanted, two fingers all the way inside her and she reciprocated by grinding against my fingers working them as they worked her. It wasn't long before my kisses on her neck and my fingers in her pussy had her legs turned to jelly, her moaning got louder and told me she was about to cum. As she came her legs gave way and I had to support her against the wall. When she was done I looked into her eyes and she begged me to take her to bed and do that again.

I removed her clothes in the hallway and then followed her sexy bum with my eyes and then with the rest of me. Bending her over the bed from a standing position I stood behind her and asked her what she wanted. "Make me cum again" was her response. I spanked her ass cheek and as it tingled her enquired after her manors. "mmm baby, make me cum with your fingers, please" she responded. I happily obliged and ran my fingers over the outside of her lips, gathering moisture and then cupped her sex and pressed my hands against it. She was soaking, spanking always got her going and I gave her a few more while calling her a naughty girl. My hand went back to her pussy, two fingers re entered her and one rubbed over her clit as they slowly went in and out. As I picked up the pace a little, the moaning again got louder and I slowed back down until she begged again for more, this repeated a few times, sometimes she forgot her manors letting me know she wanted to feel my hand sting her cheeks again, she moved forward onto the bed onto her hands and knees as she was struggling with the intensity of the feelings and could no longer stand. Not long after, I brought her to her next climax that was heavily punctuated with groans and profanity announcing her climax.

While she was on the cool down I Released my cock from its confines and removed my clothes. I rubbed the head of my cock against her wet lips, she moaned as I teased her with it, running it from her clit all the way up to her other hole an back down again, anal was not something we did but she still liked to be teased by it running over it. I continued to tease her, having to avoid the occasional backward movement from her to try and catch my cock. When the head of my cock was sufficiently wet and I had trailed that wetness all the way up to her sphincter I rested my cock against her opening and pressed. Her lips parted over the head, the wetness and the sensation of her was intense and that only served to increase and my cock entered the first inch of her inner tunnel, I then took it all the way out and started again, this time going in a couple of inches to the obvious moaning pleasure of my little slut. I then drew back out and repeated, each time adding an extra inch to the depth I was penetrating and the moans were louder each time until I was eventually all the way inside and could feel her depths stretching to accommodate the full length and girth of my hard cock. 

She gasped and told me how much she had missed my cock. I slowly gave her full length strokes repeating the sensations she was feeling from having me travel along the length of her tunnel and stretching it every time, as she got more used to my presence I increased the pace and reduced the length of the stroke, only giving her all of that cock every few strokes and she steadily built towards her climax. My hands were travelling all over her body, over her back, holding her shoulders, running over her arms, feeling the warmth of her reddened ass cheeks and finally holding her swaying breasts in each hand. As she got close I pinched her nipples between finger and thumb and squeezed harder than she would let me any time other than climax, her body gave over to the intensity of the feelings and began to cum. I continued to thrust into her through her orgasm, my hands reached for her hips and drove into her with long full strokes as fast as I could making her orgasm kick on and the groans were so loud I am sure the neighbours would have had no doubt as to what was going on.

I pulled out and rolled her over onto her back, raised her legs up onto my shoulders and as I resumed the deep quick strokes I had been giving her before I played with those gorgeous tits finally back in my eye line, I didn't have much time left, I could feel it coming so I continued to give it to her the way she liked it, deep and hard, told her all the naughty and complimentary things that get her off and held on as hard as I could, her orgasm came just in the nick of time as my penis exploded releasing the weeks of tension in streams of cum inside her wonderfully wet pussy. When my climax subsided the slut had gone and what was left was a visibly satisfied and contented Charlotte.