 We meet at our old high school – a place where no one will expect us, and one we both know. It's the middle of July, so there's no one at the school, and there wouldn't be anyone there anyways, at the time we're there. By the time I make it to Albuquerque after the drive from Denver, it's nearing 5:00 in the evening. We meet in the parking lot, quite familiar to both of us, although they've made some changes to the area. Looks like a new fence, new letters on the building, and they've re-paved the parking lot. Not big changes, but it looks less ghetto than it used to. 

I pull into the parking lot, and I see you've already arrived. You're sitting on the hood of your car in khaki shorts, a navy blue t-shirt, and sandals. Your hair is blowing a little in the breeze, and a warm feeling washes over me just seeing you again. There's nothing like seeing my best friend for the first time in years.

I park next to you, the butterflies beginning to flutter in my stomach. I always have butterflies when I know I'm going to see you. Kind of ironic, because you're the one person I'm most comfortable with. I catch your eye after I turn off the car. You have a little grin on your face that's only a hint of the weekend you have planned. Even from the distance we are apart, I can see that you've grown since I saw you last. You've put on a lot of muscle, making your arms beautifully built. Your arms, legs, and face are a gorgeous bronze color you've gotten from the summer Albuquerque sun. Your grin turns into a welcoming smile when I step out of the car. I'm wearing a white fitted top with no bra – they're so uncomfortable to travel in – and a pair of short, but not too short, denim shorts. I've got my hair up in a messy pony tail, just enough to keep it off my neck while I was driving. I try to play it cool, but I have to give in and run over to where you're sitting. The hug that follows lasts at least five minutes. We have missed one another so much that we don't want to let go. There have been so many times in the last few years that I've longed for your comfort, your touch, your therapeutic hugs – I want to catch it all up now. 

Finally, our hug breaks and I ask if we can go check into the hotel first so that I can freshen up a bit. It's been a long drive, and I have a nicer outfit I'd like to put on before dinner. We're staying at the courtyard Marriott for the weekend. We talked about staying somewhere cheap, but ended up deciding to splurge to make the weekend nice. I follow you to the hotel – it's one I've always wanted to stay at. Its outside has always been intriguing to me, as it actually looks like it belongs in New Mexico. Rather than a boring concrete building, it's got brown stucco and a notched roof, like some of the old Santa Fe houses. It will definitely be a good weekend. 

We check into the hotel and make our way up to the room. You follow me off the elevator and say, "It's room number 210." I find the room and try to get out of the way so you can open the door, but you surprise me. Your left hand grabs my right hip and pushes my back against the door of the room. I giggle, and you smile that beautiful smile of yours. You reach with your right hand to unlock the door, and bring your face closer to mine. I can feel your breath on my lips, and you brush my mouth with yours ever so lightly. We give each other knowing smiles and the door opens behind me.

The hotel room is exquisite. You've booked a suite, so there is a living area with a couch and television, and a coffee table with a dozen roses placed in the middle. There's also a kitchen, with full amenities – a refrigerator you've stocked with food for the weekend, including the makings for hot fudge sundaes, my favorite. I flash you a smile and walk into the bedroom to put my things away. I hear you doing something in the kitchen, and a few moments later you come into the bedroom with two glasses of white wine. It's nice to relax with you. We lie down on the bed and drink our wine while catching up on the latest in our lives. I finish my wine quickly, feeling its effects already; I've always been a lightweight. I set the glass down gently on the bedside table and snuggle in closer to you. I've always loved being held by you. We lie on the bed for what seems like hours, my head on your arm and our two available hands entwined. 

After sitting in the comfortable silence for a while, something invisible pulls our mouths together. We both feel it – this force that we must succumb to. I kiss you gingerly, realizing the hunger I've had for this all along. I wrap my right hand around your neck and pull you closer to me. I run my fingers through your soft hair. I can feel your strong hands on my back as you caress and massage at the same time. I feel you raise my shirt and you touch the soft skin at the small of my back -- this sends chills up my spine.

You pull my shirt over my head and release my breasts. For a moment you break our kiss to look at me, smiling. I have tan lines over my 34-C breasts, but it's obvious that my swimsuit is just enough to cover what it has to. You lower your mouth onto my neck, and kiss and nibble your way along my collar bone, down the left side of my chest, to my left breast. The touch of your lips feels so exquisite against my skin that I have to stop everything I'm doing just to enjoy it, in anticipation of your mouth on my nipple. You know this, so you tease me. You kiss lightly around the perimeter of my breast, sending goosebumps all over my body. My nipples are standing at full attention, waiting to be warmed by your tongue. 

Finally I can't take it anymore, so I put my hand behind your head and guide you to my left nipple. I almost cum just from the relief and ecstasy of your mouth on my breast. You switch to the other breast, which is ready for your attention as well. Meanwhile, my hands work their way down to your shirt and pull it over your head, breaking our connection for a brief moment. After a warm kiss to my waiting lips, you move back down my neck, down my chest to my breasts. You liked the reaction you got before. I reach down to my shorts and unfasten them, and then unfasten yours. I can feel you grin with my nipple in your mouth as you reach down to my waistband, pull my hips up, and remove my shorts and panties with one swift motion. I giggle as I come bouncing back down upon the bed. I've shaved my mound for this special occasion, because I remember that it's something you've said you like. You touch me softly with your fingertip and look up at me and grin. 

I sit up, and you let yourself be turned over onto your back as I kiss and nibble my way down your neck. I'm sure to cover every inch of skin between your neck and your waistband with soft kisses. I hear you let out a little gasp when I lick your hip right above your shorts. Hmmm...a sensitive spot. I'll have to remember that for later. I remove your shorts and boxers quickly; no need for those right now. I look at you. In the 14 years we've been friends, we've never been naked together before. Neither one of us has ever been able to put a good reason on why it never happened. But it's happening now, and it feels more right and more comfortable than anyone I've ever been with. I can see the same comfort in your eyes, as well as the same hunger I feel. 

I lean down to your mouth and kiss you whole-heartedly. I'm almost crying because I've wanted this for so long. Your right hand reaches up and runs through my hair. I've kept it medium length, dark brown with blonde highlights. Your left hand reaches down to my waist and pulls me on top of you. I straddle your midsection, laying down on top of you so my breasts touch your chest. After one more long kiss, I rise up on my arms and maneuver myself so you can slip inside me. We're such a perfect fit that it takes almost no adjustment at all. You close your eyes and smile as you feel my muscles tighten around you. You've been waiting a long time for this too. 

You open your eyes and look directly into mine. I slowly start to move, keeping your gaze the entire time. I lean down and kiss you deeply, our tongues dancing together so effortlessly, it's like they have a script to follow. I feel you moving inside me, filling me with your hardness. You put your hands on my shoulders, pulling me down so I can grind my clitoris on your pubic bone. I throw my head back in ecstasy; you feel so good inside me. Your hands move from my shoulders to my breasts and you massage each of them tenderly, but with enough force that I know you're feeling as good as I am. I can see the lust in your eyes and I lean down and kiss you again. I could kiss you forever; we fit so well together. Your hands move back to my shoulders and push down just a little bit. I let out a small yelp of pleasure as you hit just the right spot. You push down again, but don't let up this time. I begin grinding on your cock again, the tension building in my clit. I look deep into your eyes, and you can tell I'm about to cum. 

We smile at each other because we know the pleasure that's coming, and we're ready for it. I want to cum with you though, so I ask if you're ready. Your response is simply "Hell yeah," and with that I begin grinding harder and harder until we hit our climax together and simultaneously yell out "OH GOD." I feel you throbbing inside me as you shudder until your orgasm has subsided. Your arms fall to my hips and you finally relax. I smile at the gorgeous man I see before me that should have been mine long ago. I lie down on top of you, giving you one last kiss before I get ready for dinner.