 He stood there shivering in the cold. He was not made for this weather! He rubbed his hands together in a vain attempt to keep warm. Glancing around the street was frozen. Cars had snow piling on top of them and driveways looked like winter wonderlands. The wind carried the sound of the snow plough to his ears as he once more looked across the street at the small brown building that was his destination. Dressed in jeans and a black and blue snow jacket that seemed to be doing nothing to keep the wind out. 

Steeling his resolve, he made his way across the street stopping dead in his tracks as a car skidded past, the driver of the vehicle waving a sorry as he continued on. He smiled ruefully, he was known for his manners but the people in this out of the way corner of the world constantly left him speechless with their generosity and cheer. They also drank like a sailor much like himself.

Finally reaching the apartment he made his way silently up the stairs, pausing before knocking. What would she say? What would she do? He knew she would be home but she didn't know he was coming. It hadn't taken much, a week off work, a quick trip to the travel agent and ensuring he had at least some cold weather gear (even if it didn't work). Taking a deep breath, he steeled his resolve and rapped on the door lightly with his knuckles, a nervous smile on his face, one hand running through his messy hair as he heard the footsteps move to the door.

The door opened and left him stunned. Standing before him was the most beautiful creature he had ever seen. She was his height with dark red hair and ice blue eyes. But the thing that made him sure he had made the right decision was the smile on her face as she realised who it was at her door. With a squeal, she was out of her door, ignoring the snow her arms wrapped around his neck so tightly he was having trouble breathing. His own hands wrapping instinctively around her waist, the smell of vanilla sending him to heaven. He held her close and closed his eyes. This was what he had travelled across the world for. Soon feeling the cold she took a step back and smiled at him, looking up at him from under her eyelashes she grabbed his hand and without breaking eye contact slowly dragged him inside. 

"Link..." He whispered as he kicked the door closed behind him, his colour changing eyes not breaking contact. Dropping his bag to the floor he stepped closer just as she stepped closer to him, resting her hands on his chest. She bit her lip as she looked up at him.

"My Arc..." She whispered. He knew then what he had to do. There was nothing else for him to do. His hand behind her neck he pulled her in and kissed her. Softly at first but slowly it deepened. After what seemed an eternity the broke the kiss, their eyes meeting a sparkle in her eyes as she smiled at him.

"What are you doing here?" She asked her voice soft, almost as if she didn't believe it was really him.

"I couldn't stay away. I miss..." He was cut off by her kiss her hands coming up to wrap around his neck. His arms wrapped around her, one on the small of her back holding her body against his, the other sliding down to squeeze her arse cheek. The mewling sound from her told him that he had made the right move. Her hands slid down from around his neck unzipping his jacket and helping him drop it to the floor. When they finally came up for air she pulled back, biting her lip with a mischievous smirk.

"Sorry, what were you saying?" She asked.

"I was trying to say I missed you." He growled at her the desire plain in his voice as he squeezed her arse again. She smelled like vanilla as he rested his forehead against hers, his green eyes not letting hers out of his sight. His heart skipped a beat as her smirk turned into a smile as she leaned in and whispered in his ear. "Then show me." She slid her hand under his shirt resting her bare skin against his chest. 

He knew that she liked to tease him but her cold hands on his bare skin made him breath in sharply. There was that smirk on her face again and he growled at her pulling her roughly to him and pressing his lips to hers, their tongues twining together. He came up for air breathless as she pulled him towards her couch pushing him to sit down. She didn't say a word as she kissed him soundly, not saying a word. Just smirking as she pulled back and slowly peeled off her shirt. 

He was speechless, the sight of her naked chest took his breath away as she turned around and bent over slightly to take off her shorts. She blew him a kiss over her shoulder as he leaned forward, his hands sliding up and down her thighs. He revelled in the sight of her red g string.

She turned back around leaning over him, giving him ample view of her breasts. She leaned across and stripped him of his shirt before she straddled him kissing him softly on the lips.

Slowly she made her way to his neck, his hands on her arse squeezing as she pressed her breasts against his chest. He moaned when she nipped at his earlobe. Whispering how she was going to make him hers she ground herself down onto his lap. His erection easily felt through his jeans. "Mmm, someone is starting to get excited." She whispered as she got off his lap and started to kiss her way down his chest.

"Fuck me, you're beautiful." He said as she looked up at him. She was inching ever closer to his jeans. Slowly she unbuttoned them and slowly slid them off before kneeling in front of him. His erection standing to attention. He moaned again as she cupped his balls with one hand and ever so slowly licked from the base to the tip. "Yes... I think someone wants something..." She cooed at him.

He could feel her teasing him, driving him to euphoria as she traced her fingers and tongue up and down his rock-hard shaft. His breathing getting laboured as she continued to compound the pleasure. "Please..." He begged as she threw another smirk at him, the evil in her eyes making him like putty in her hands.

"Please what babe?" She asked innocently while she stroked his member eliciting another groan from him.

"Please suck me." He pleaded with her as she tsked at him. 

"Suck you babe? Is that what you wanted?" She teased before cupping his balls again.

"Fuck yes please!" He said to her, his desperation for release evident.

"I don't think so babe. How badly do you want it?" She cooed at him, her finger barely touching his penis but every time it reached the tip she made it twitch.

"Fuck I want it bad baby... I'll do anything..." He pleaded.

A victorious smile crossed her face as she slowly and painfully began to engulf his member with her lips. Her finger caressing his balls. His moans told her she was doing it right as her head began to bob up and down his shaft. She smiled around his cock when she made eye contact and felt it twitch in her mouth. He was in heaven as she worked her magic, ever so slowly building up speed and inching him ever closer to climax but not quite giving him the release he needed.

His groan of protest brought a light chuckle from her, the sound of it sending shivers down his spine. She had stopped and gotten to her feet slowly in front of him, her glorious body on display in front of him to worship. Placing his hands on her waist he slowly dragged her g string down while pulling her closer to him. She took his face in her hands and leaned down to kiss him as she straddled him once more. His erection pressed up against her slit.

"I want you..." He whispered hoarsely, a slight chuckle his only response from her as she ground herself against him even more. His hands slid down to her arse, squeezing hard she gasped and lifted up slightly as she came down she cried out as she impaled herself on him. He watched her as she arched her back, forcing her breasts forward continuing to grind her hips against him.

"Mmmm..." She moaned as his hands cupped her breasts, tweaking her nipples and massaging her mounds. Her grinding began to get more fervent as he leaned forward and took her breast into his mouth, his tongue flicking her nipple. "Oh god Arc..." She whimpered.

"Fuck, you're beautiful." He said as his hands came down to rest on her hips, her lips pressed against his. He thrust up just as she thrust down, her cries urging him to thrust up harder. His hands rested on her waist, her fingers digging into his shoulders as she tried to maintain her balance. Her back arched and her legs began to shake. She cried out his name as she crested over the top. Her muscles clamping down on his cock making him pull her closer to him, her breasts pressing against his chest, their lips meeting in a passionate kiss.

The stayed there for what seemed like forever in each other's arms until he kissed her gently. "I love you... Forever and always." He whispered to her as they both struggled to regain their breath. She crawled off him and curled up next to him on the couch, her head resting on his chest listening to his heartbeat. He stroked some stray hair and tucked it behind her ear smiling at her. He sat just staring at her as her eyes began to droop closed a small squeak emanating from her. He didn't have much time before he had to cross back to the other side of the world but for this brief few moments she was all his and he had been all hers. 

He awoke to the taste of her soft lips on his as she sat pulled him slowly to his feet. Still groggy she led him to the bathroom where the hot water was steaming up the bathroom. She pulled him in under the water and kissed him again. She had that mischievous look in her eye again he thought she looked like a water sprite out of a story with the way the water was cascading off her body. "You did promise anything." She whispered as she pushed him down to his knees.