 Chris couldn't believe what he was doing as he pulled into Michael's house. He could feel the music vibrate throughout the yard as he walked into the crowd. He normally hated Halloween, never got into the parties or any of that sort of thing. Yet one of his best friends, Michael, had always thrown a Halloween party, and Chris had always attended. This year was no different; in fact, he had even come up with a sort of costume, since Michael had required it. Granted, there wasn't much to it; the shirt was ripped slightly from the neckline to his shoulder, and he had rips in his jeans. The final touches was some dark make-up around his sky-blue eyes and slightly tousling his dark hair, thus making him a fairly decent looking zombie. 

Some people, he saw, had gone all out. Elaborate costumes, well done make-up, some of them had really gotten into the whole costume idea. As he got futher into the crowd, he could make out Michael, who hadn't done much dressing up, at least in Chris' mind anyway. He was in his usual dark jeans and black shirt, this one embolized with the band Slipknot. Michael had grown his goatee out, and now it was in that starving artist/homeless guy goatee that he had told Chris he was going for. 

"Dude, you made it!" Michael came over to Chris and thumped him on the back. "Good thing too, since Aimee's been looking for you."

"Don't do that to me, Michael. You know she's not here."

"She is!" Michael jerked his thumb behind them. "She actually came this year, and she asked if you were coming. I swear it."

Despite his better judgement, Chris gave Michael a look, then headed off to see if Aimee really was at the party or not. He made his way through the mass of people, his mind on Aimee. They hadn't seen each other since the previous summer, when he had been home from college. Although they weren't very close, Aimee had a way of making him feel special. Maybe it was the fact that no matter who she was talking to, she always greeted them with a smile. That was one of the things he liked about her; the fact that she wasn't fake.

He spotted her dancing with a group of people they had gone to high school with. She had dyed her hair a maroon color, the dark shade went nicely with her pale skin. She was dressed entirely in black, three silver hoops in each ear, and silver rings completed her look. Despite the heavy tones of the music, she swayed back and forth to some part of the song that Chris obviously didn't hear. He thought she looked beautiful, swaying with her arms raised. She must have felt his stare, since she turned suddenly and smiled at him. He took that as an invitation and walked over to her.

"You made it!" she said. She smiled and gave him a quick hug. "I know you're not much for these types of things, but I'm glad Michael somehow talked you into it."

"I'm surprised you're here. Don't you usually hand out candy to trick-or-treaters?"

"Yeah, but all the kids on my street are getting too old for trick-or-treating, or at least that's what their parents tell them, so Michael asked me to come to the party. He usually does, but this year I took him up on it."

"So what are you supposed to be?" Chris ran through his list of things she could possibly be; theatre chick, or something of that nature, when she grinned.

Her cainines were unusually pointed. "I'm your modern vampire. You know, like how they all were on Buffy the Vampire Slayer."

"So are you going to bite me, then?"

"If you're good...on second thought, I'll probably just bite you anyway." Smiling, Aimee grabbed two cups off the drink table and led him away from the music.

They headed in the direction of an open field that served as the parking lot. Aimee led the way to her car, a 1990 T-top Camero. They both sat on the hood, looking up at the sky. Unlike Michael's yard, where the trees seemed to cover the sky, the field had been cleared away years ago, and the stars sparkled above them. They sat in silence for a while, occasionally sipping their drinks. Chris didn't know what exactly they were drinking, but it had a sort of fruity flavor to it.

"This is nice, you know?" Aimee had been looking up at the sky, but now she turned to face Chris.

"What is?" He had been lost in his contemplation of what was in the drinks to notice that Aimee had scooted closer to him. She smelled like pumkins and cinnimon, and the alcohol was taking effect in his brain. It was like his head felt fuzzy, almost like he was floating. 'This is some good shit,' he thought. He glanced over at Aimee to see she was smiling.

"You're really pretty when you smile." He said, and before Aimee could answer him, he kissed her. She tasted good too, a mix of the alcohol and something undefinable. He felt her hands move over his shoulders and then to his neck. His own hands slid down to the base of her back, where he applied a small amount of pressure. Aimee moaned in his mouth, then pulled away with a grin on her face.

"Not that I don't like this or anything, but the hood of my car isn't the most comfortable place for this." With that, she hopped off and went around to the passenger side of her car. 

"Get in."

Chris walked around and got in the car. He wondered if Aimee would go to the driver's side, when she sat in his lap, facing him. "So, where did we leave off?" Chris pulled her close and kissed her again. Aimee shifted so she was crouching astride him on her knees. Chris' hands shifted up and down her legs, finally deciding to cup her ass. Aimee's hands were now tugging at the hem of his shirt, pulling it upwards a little at a time. Chris lifted up his arms, and his shirt was soon in the back seat. Seconds later, her shirt followed. Chris paused a moment to catch his breath and look at her.

She was beautiful, shirtless or not, Chris thought. He had managed to lay the seat down, so he had a nice view of Aimee. He ran his hands up and down her back, smiling as her head tilted back and a moan escaped her. She looked down at him for a moment.

"I forgot to ask this, but what are you supposed to be?"

"A zombie", he said as he managed to unhook her bra. He cupped her breasts in his hands, running his thumbs back and forth over her nipples. He then sat up slightly and took her left nipple in his mouth, feeling it harden under his tongue's effort, while his other hand still massaged her right breast.

"Well, I hope not all of your anatomy is dead." Aime grinned then started to unbutton and unzip his jeans. He had to stop his gentle assault on her breasts in order to help her, and it wasn't the sexiest way to take off his clothing. They ended up having to actually open the door and let Aimee out of the car before he could fully undress. Aimee managed to remove her pants while she stood outside the car. Finally, they were back inside, Aimee poised over his dick.

Chris sat up again, one arm wrapped around Aimee's back, his other hand rubbing over her pussy. It was smooth, soft, and slightly wet due to his earlier work on her breasts. He didn't want this whole experience to be rushed. He had wanted this since tenth grade, to have her on top of him, wanting him to touch her, to fill her. His rubbing continued, his fingers moving easily over her slick folds. A finger entered her, and he was surprised at how snug and warm the inside was. Aimee gasped at the slight intrusion, but her surprise gave way to a soft smile. She then braced herself with one hand on the head rest of the driver's seat and the other on the passenger door. One finger became two as Chris increased the gentle thrusting and turning inside of her. Her hips began to rock back and forth, and her sighs became slightly louder. Chris panicked a moment, fearful that someone would come walking up to her car, but then remembered that Michael's parties often lasted into the early hours of the morning.

Aimee had started to lower herself onto Chris's penis, but Chris stopped her.

"What about a condom or something? I know I'm probably ruining the moment, but we need something Aimee, just in case."

"Like I'd do this without one." She grinned, then leaned over to retrieve her purse that had been in the backseat. She dug around inside it for a moment before producing the foil wrapped condom.

"Ribbed, for both of us. See, I think of you in times like this." Carefully, she tore the wrapper and slid it down his dick. Making sure there was room at the tip, she then looked down at Chris expectantly. He put both of his hands on her hips and nodded. 

Aimee eased down slowly, letting her pussy adjust to the new feeling. Chris had looked about average size, six or seven inches in length, but he was pretty thick. She hissed and rolled her hips slightly halfway down in order for her body to get used to it. He felt wonderfully nice though, his thickness filled her like no other guy had done before. She rocked her hips back and forth as her pussy engulfed him. Chris let out a noise similar to a growl, and his hands gripped her a little harder.

Chris felt like he was floating. He had wanted this for so long, his nights filled with dreams of her naked, stroking himself wanting it to be the welcoming embrace of her moist heat instead of his hand. How many times had he wanted to ask her out, only to find that she was dating someone else? He had almost given up hope until tonight. Dancing with her had been great, and even making out was pushing him beyond what he would have normally expected, but this, this was something he had never thought would happen on a first "date". He didn't care though. Now, he just concentrated on the feeling of their bodies together and the soft mewls of pleasure coming from Aimee.

His thrusts began to get more frantic. As much as he didn't want this to end, he knew he was coming close to his climax. It seemed to him that Aimee was pretty close too, her muscles contracted more frequently and harder. It was dizzying, watching her rock down against him, her head thrown back, and hearing her beg for more. Suddenly, Aimee let out a shriek, her fangs glittering in the moonlight. Her pussy contracted violently around his dick, sending him over the edge as well. His eyes rolled back and everything went dark.

He awoke a few seconds later, his body still trembling from the aftershocks. Aimee had fallen forward, now supported by her arms, and was catching her breath. Chris wrapped his arms around her and nuzzled her cheek. She looked at him and kissed him.

"That was most enjoyable. We'll have to do it again."

"Really?" Chris looked surprised. As much as he wanted this experience on a repeated basis, he wasn't sure how Aimee would feel after the heat of the moment.

"Of course. I've wanted to date you since high school, this isn't some sort of wham-bam-thankyou-ma'am type deal. I'm in this for the long haul." She pulled herself up, allowing his dick to slide out. She peeled off the condom and tossed into a small garbage bag she had in the back. They then got dressed in silence, Chris was too stunned to say much. She actually wanted to date him! He wanted to yell out to the sky, run back up to the party and hug Michael around the neck. He looked at her as she straightened out her hair.

"You planned this, didn't you?" He didn't know why this had just occured to him, but it came rushing to his mind the minute she had gotten the condom.

"Well, sort of. I really just wanted to get away from the party and talk to you awhile before I made any moves. The plan was for us to come down here to talk, and get a bit tipsy. I was going to tell you how I felt, then try to get you to go into one of the bedrooms, make out a bit and see where things went from there. You sort of ruined it by kissing me, but that's not a bad thing. We just went a bit faster than was originally planned." She smiled and took his hand. They made their way back to the party, but very few people seemed to notice them missing. The band had stopped playing, and now the only music came from an impressive stereo system close to the refreshment table.

"I'm kinda sorry I sped things up. Not that tonight was bad or anything..." Chris trailed off. He didn't want to sound like an ass in front of the girl he'd liked so long. 

"You just pictured it being done differently, right?"

"Yeah, but then again, we've got all the time in the world." He grinned at her, then kissed her deeply.

"Exactly. Now, though, we should aim for something a little bit more comfortable than my car."