 A/N: Although this is a continuation of a previous story (See Short Lived Reunion), it can be read as a standalone.

********

A year had gone by since their short lived reunion. Josie and Owen had kept in contact through e-mails and chat while at work. Both had dated other people but both had ended up single again recently. It was June and that day, their topic of chat was their respective plans for vacations. 

Josie wrote to Owen that she had a vacation week at the end of the month and was planning on going to the Miette Hot Springs as well as Jasper. Owen wrote back that she was lucky to have such beauty so close to her. On a whim, Josie invited him to join her. 

"As I've already reserved the rooms and would pay for them anyway, if you pay for your flight and your food, the rest is on me."

"Are you serious?" asked Owen.

"Absolutely."

"Careful, I might just take you up on that!"

"Why don't you? I tell you, you show up at the airport on Saturday morning and I'm taking you with me on vacation."

"You're serious, aren't you?"

"Yes, I am."

"Wow."

"Well? What do you think?"

"I don't know. I'll have to think about it."

After that, it was a few days and then a weekend before Owen showed up in the chat program again. Josie was wondering if Owen hadn't somehow taken offence to her offer. At first, the chat was very general. Then, Owen asked her again if her offer was serious.

"Of course I was serious!"

"What if I want to take you up on it?"

"I'd be really happy!"

"You sure?"

"Of course! What makes you doubt that?"

"Well, it has been a year."

"Last year, you and I spent a wonderful night together. If we wait for the company to send us to each other's plants, we might be waiting for years. We have an opportunity here to spend a week together. I just want to seize the day. Carpe diem as they say."

There was nothing on the screen for a few minutes.

"Did I write something wrong?" Josie asked.

A few more minutes went by and then "No! My boss came into my office and I couldn't reply."

Josie let out the breath she'd kind of been holding in.

"Oh good, I thought you were upset about something I'd written."

"Not at all. Sorry if I scared you there."

"Well, now that I know it was your boss, I'm not too worried anymore."

"I've been doing a lot of thinking."

"And?"

"You're impatient, aren't you?"

"You're being a tease!"

"LOL"

"TEASE!"

"Okay, okay. I'm going to look into flights and let you know if I can afford it."

"Woohoo!"

********

Two weeks later, Josie was on her way to the airport to pick up Owen. She was filled with trepidation and could barely concentrate on the road. She got to the airport and parked her car in the short term parking. Once inside, she paced nervously as she waited for Owen to come through the secure area doors. The displays indicated that his flight had landed over 15 minutes before. 

Finally, Owen walked through the doors. Their eyes locked and he stopped for a second. Then he took the few steps towards her and pulled her into a big hug. He held her for a few moments. Then he pulled away and said "Let's not make a spectacle of ourselves. Let's go get my suitcase."

They made their way to the baggage carousel and made small talk about his flight while they waited for his suitcase to show up. When Owen had retrieved his suitcase, Josie led him to her car and opened up the trunk where her own suitcase was. Owen lifted his and placed it next to hers. Then, he turned around and, lifting his hand to her hair, pulled her towards him and kissed her. Her arms encircled him and held him close as they kissed. Owen kissed her for a few minutes and then pulled away and said "I've been looking forward to this for so long now!"

"Me too."

"There was no way I was going to wait until we got there before kissing you."

"Yet you wouldn't do it inside...."

"Well, I didn't want to embarrass myself."

With that, he pulled her hand to his crotch and Josie felt his hard-on through his pants. Smiling, she gave it a gentle squeeze and said "Let's get out of here before we get arrested!"

They got into her vehicle and started driving west towards their destination. While driving, the conversation flowed easily between them. 

Once they got to their destination and had checked in, they made their way to their cabin. All cabins were secluded from each other by trees and that gave them all a quaint privacy that would be appreciated. Entering the cabin that would be theirs for a few days, they found a small living area and kitchenette with a sofa, a table and chairs and the kitchen area. To the left, they found a room with a queen sized bed in it and then, the washroom. 

They set down their suitcases and then went back out to Josie's vehicle to bring in the groceries she had brought for them. Once they had put everything away, Owen grabbed Josie by the waist and pulled her to him. He looked into her eyes for a moment and then kissed her. There was no hesitation in the kiss, just pure lust and desire. Josie felt her body react instantly, her core getting wet right away, her nipples hardening. 

They made their way to the bedroom, never interrupting their kissing. They rapidly shed their clothes and pulled back the covers on the bed. Owen left Josie's lips and made his way down, kissing her neck, her chest and then he took her nipple between his lips, drawing it in. Josie's sharp intake of breath, followed by a moan made him smile. He teased the nipple with his tongue while his hand busied itself with caressing her other breast. Josie arched her back against his caress, demanding more. Owen obliged, lavishing attention on both her breasts. Meanwhile, his hand made its way down and his fingers started caressing her legs and touching her everywhere except where she really craved to be touched. 

"Owen, please." 

That was all she needed to say. Owen understood her need as he had the same need burning inside him. He moved and positioned himself between her legs and pressed against her. He looked into her eyes and saw her consent. Without waiting any longer, he pushed into her. Feeling her hot and wet center envelop him and it was his turn to moan. Hearing him moan was like music to her ears and Josie tightened her muscles around his hard cock. Owen moaned again, moving faster in and out of her, kissing her neck and her lips. Josie shifted her hips against him, allowing him deeper access and heightening her own pleasure. Wrapping her legs around his hips, she pulled him deeper inside her and held him that as her orgasm crashed over her like a giant wave. Owen came too, groaning his release against her ear.

They both took a nap and then got up, got dressed and went to the hot pools where they enjoyed a few hours of relaxation. Then, they went to have dinner.

That night, they made love again.

Josie and Owen went for walks and hikes around the area, enjoying their vacation and each other. As the weekend ended and Monday came around, there were fewer people around so Josie and Owen enjoyed a lot of privacy. On their last evening at the Hot Springs, Owen convinced Josie to go for a short walk on a trail they had walked earlier in their stay even though she was wearing a skirt and sandals. Once in a really secluded spot, Owen puller her into his arms and started kissing her. He kissed her deeply for a while and then kissed her neck and her ear lobe and whispered 

"I've always wanted to make love outside. There's nobody around." 

Then, he pulled away and had this grin on his face that Josie just could not resist. Without speaking, she winked at him and pulled him back into a searing kiss, her hand rubbing the front of his jeans, feeling his erection growing. Josie then unbuttoned his jeans and pulled down his zipper so she could reach in and stroke his hardness. Then, she felt a light pressure on her shoulders and understood that he was wild with desire for her to take him in her mouth. Crouching down, she did as he wished, taking his hard cock in her mouth, licking and sucking on it. Owen moaned loudly and Josie pulled back.

"Shhhh!"

"I can't help it baby, you're too good."

"Try to keep it down. I don't want to be caught here!"

"Okay, Okay."

Owen wrapped his hands in her hair and pulled her back to his cock. Josie happily obliged, lavishing his cock and thoroughly enjoying the now low appreciative sounds coming from Owen's lips. When he was getting close, he stopped her and pulled her up.

"Turn around, baby, I gotta have it in you."

Josie turned around and pulled her thong to the side with one hand as she lifted her skirt with the other. Owen had no problem whatsoever entering her as her pussy was dripping wet with desire. Owen pushed his hard cock all the way inside and, grabbing her hips, started the delicious back and forth motion that both craved. He reached around and pressed a finger on her clit, making her moan almost as loudly as he had before. It was thus his turn to hush her. Josie, fearing she would cry out when her impending orgasm would hit, brought her hand to her mouth and bit her hand slightly while Owen increased the tempo of both his in-out movement and of his pressure on her clit. Soon, Josie was coming, squeezing her pussy muscles around his rock hard cock and sending him over the edge too. 

They both cleaner up a bit, using some tissues Josie had in her pocket and headed back to their room, smiling the whole way. The next day, they checked out and drove to Jasper.



In Jasper, they took the tram up Whistlers Mountain and then hiked to the peak. There, they sat on a boulder for a while, Owen's arms around Josie, enjoying the view and the quiet tranquillity of the top of the mountain.

Over the next few days, they toured several of the sites around Jasper. Unfortunately, there were more tourists there and less privacy so they were not able to repeat their outside tryst. However, they made love every night, enjoying several positions, and each other.

As all good things must come to an end, their vacation was on its last leg. Josie drove them to her place on his last night. Finally, Owen saw her house. On their last night together, they made love sweetly, gently. When they were done and cuddling together, Owen said

"Leaving tomorrow is going to be extremely difficult."

"I know. Letting you go will be just as tough."

"Then let's make a deal right now. You drive me to the airport and just drop me off. Don't come in. I don't think I can deal with seeing the sadness in your eyes."

"Okay."

"You're okay with this?"

"I do the same when I go visit my mom. I never let her come in with me."

"Ah. So you understand."

"Yes, I do."

And so it was. Josie drove Owen to the airport and let him go in by himself. Their reunion had come to an end already. Josie could only wonder if and when they could see each other again as she drove away, tears in her eyes.