 It had been several months since we had seen each other. I had moved to Vegas to join the academy, and she was finally coming to visit me. All of the heated phone conversations, kinky little e-mails, and sexually explicit text messages had built up a raging fire inside of me. Months of anticipation were coming to a close and I wanted the evening to be perfect!!!!

 I told her an innocent little lie that I had to work late, but she could take a cab to my apartment. I told her that the key would be waiting for her at the security gate. What she didn't know, was that I was inside of the apartment already waiting for her arrival. I had rose petals sprinkled on the floor leading up to the bedroom. There were candles lit all over the apartment that gave it that warm, sexual glow that causes instant arousal. At the base of the stairs was a note which read "Come upstairs baby, I have a surprise for you!" 

 I could hear her making her way up the stairs. Each step made my heart pump just a little bit faster. I could hear her giggle as she approached, so I knew that she must be having the same wants and desires as me! As she opened the bedroom door, I stood there in my police uniform with a rose in my hand. She had never seen me in my uniform, nor had she seen my newly defined body. She ran towards me and puckered her lips to receive a kiss. I put my finger on her lips and whispered "No kiss yet, I think you have been a bad girl, you need to be frisked!" With this, I spun her around and told her to put her hands on the wall. As she stood up against the wall, I ran my fingers through her hair and slowly kissed the back of her neck. I reached my hands around her body, and began to slowly massage her breast while asking her if she was concealing anything. She gave a little moan and said "no" in a sexy voice. Next, I ran my hands down her sides and massaged her ass followed up by running my hands between her legs while still "searching" for contraband. I told her that I was not satisfied with the results, so a strip search was in order!!!

 I sat on the bed and ORDERED her to strip for me. I could see the excitement in her eyes as she slowly stripped in the most sexual, erotic fashion imaginable. Once she was all the way nude, I told her to spin around so that I could inspect her body entirely. She obliged and turned around slowly!!! I could feel myself getting hard, but I didn't want her to notice. I wasn't finished torturing her yet! After completing her spin, she began to walk towards me and ask if she had passed inspection. As she leaned down for a kiss, I once again put my finger to her lips, and told her "No kiss yet, I think you have been a dirty girl, I must bathe you!" I could see that my little "role playing" was killing her, but the excitement caused her to be willing to play along! 

 I grabbed her by the hand, and lead her towards the bathroom. Since she hadn't seen the apartment before, she didn't know that I had a hot tub big enough for two. As I opened the bathroom door, I could see the twinkle in her eyes as she noticed the steam rising from the hot tub, the candles illuminating the room, and the bottle of champagne with two matching goblets. I held her hand as she stepped into the steamy, bubbling hot tub. Once she was in and seated, I slowly took off my uniform and climbed in with her. Once I was in the hot tub, I worked my way close to her and gave her a slow, passionate kiss. I could feel my body tingling as our tongues were finally reunited! After the first kiss, we sat there and just gazed into each other's eyes. I couldn't help but to notice the little beads of sweat that were beginning to form on her forehead. I leaned over to the side of the tub and grabbed the bottle of champagne that had been sitting in ice until just before she had arrived. I cracked open the bottle and poured us each a glass. Before I sat the bottle back down, I poured a little bit of it down her forehead so that it would run over her lips and between her breasts. I loved seeing the look of surprise and delight on her face. I couldn't help but to bite my bottom lip because I could see the little devils bouncing around in her eyes. We both took a sip of our champagne while gazing endlessly into each other's eyes. The moment was so intense, that we both set our goblets down at the same time and embraced in a long, slow, wet kiss! I could taste the champagne on her lips!!! It drove me wild!!!! The passion was beginning to reach it's boiling point because the kisses turned to sweet caresses! I asked her if she would like to join me in the bedroom, and before I could barely finish the sentence, she practically screamed "YES."

 We both got out of the hot tub, and dried off with a towel. Once she got to the door, I told her to hold on a second so that I could blow out the candles and drain the tub. She paused in the doorway long enough for me to blow out the candles, drain the tub, and grab something "special!" Once I joined her at the door, I grabbed her right hand and let her "lead" me to the bed. Just as she was going to get onto the bed, I slapped a handcuff around her wrist and whispered in her ear "You are under arrest for being so damn sexy!" I laid her on the bed and cuffed both arms behind one of the bars on the head board. I could see the excitement and nervousness in her eyes. I leaned on top of her and told her that she was all mine now!!!! I slowly began to kiss her forehead and worked my way down to her neck. Once I got to her neck, I began to slowly kiss, lick, and nibble from one side to another. Just as she would begin to pant, I would stop! Before she could catch her breath, I would start up again! I worked my way back up to her lips and told her to hold on a sec. I reached into a bucket that I had hidden on the side of the bed and pulled out an ice cube. I put the ice cube on her forehead and began to run it across her face and over her lips. She was beginning to quiver from both the chill of the ice and the intensity of the moment. I ran the ice down both sides of her neck and between her breasts all the way to her belly button. Now, I started to kiss my way up to her breasts as I slowly licked and nibbled on each nipple. After I worked the nipples over with my tongue, I let the ice due the work for me!!! The moment was SO HOT because she couldn't get away, even though I do not think that she wanted to. 

 Now, I sat at the edge of the bed and ran the ice up and down each leg and enjoyed watching her quiver and squirm. Once I got the ice up to her thighs, I slowly began to nibble and lick her clit. Just as she was beginning to moan, I let the ice take over again! I rubbed the ice around her clit until she was practically screaming in pleasure. I figured that she must have been cold down there, so I let my hot tongue warm things up for her. Once I knew that she could take it no more, I worked my way up to her lips and gave her a sweet kiss. I turned her head to the side and whispered in her ear "Do you want to be reunited with my night stick"? Before she could finish saying yes, I slowing began to insert myself into her. I started off really slow so that she could feel every inch of me penetrating her. After a few minutes of slow motion, I sped things up just a bit so that a little bit of sweat started to build up on our bodies. Once we were both nice and slippery, I began to go harder and faster. Her moans of pleasure only ignited me, so that made me want to keep giving it to her! Within a moment, the room was filled with the sounds of moans, groans, and bodies slapping together. Just as she was about to explode, I stopped, pulled up on me knees, and began to rub her clit with my thumb while riding her slowly. I looked her in the eyes and said "I want to feel you cum all over me!" With that being said, she started to shake with the beginning of an intense orgasm. I lowered back onto her and began to pump away hard and fast until we both EXPLODED!!!!! With my arms shaking and her legs quivering, I pulled myself out of her and laid by her side. I removed her handcuffs so that we could cuddle and feel each other's rapid heart beats. We said "I love you" to each other and laid there in silence. We were both thinking about how we had just been reunited!!!!