 Molly laid on the bed, staring at the ceiling, wiping tears from her eyes. Erik had only been gone 2 weeks, but it felt like a lifetime. Where he was exactly, she didn't know. She only knew that she wanted him home. She wanted to feel his kisses on her lips and his hands on her body. She wanted to feel his skin as she pressed her breasts to his chest. She wanted to feel the excitement when he playfully bit her neck, and the near orgasm it brought her to. She wanted him to take her in the ways they had talked about before he left. Going through a divorce was hard enough, then having the one man that has kept a candle lit for her for over 15 years leave suddenly and with no word as to his whereabouts or his condition just added icing to the cake that was rotting in her heart. A soft knock on her bedroom door shattered her thoughts.

"Mommy?" came the voice from the other side. It was one of her children. She stood up and walked to the door to unlock it.

"Yes, sweetie?" she sniffed. 

"Can I go outside?" the little boy asked. She nodded, and the little boy ran down the hallway to the back door and outside. She closed the door and locked it again. She knew she couldn't stay in her room any longer. She had kids to take care of and packing to do. She was finally leaving the father of her children and moving on with her life. After years of abuse, she had had enough. It would've been nice if she had help. She picked up her journal and pulled out the picture of her and Erik that a friend had taken a few months before. It wasn't anything special or intimate, just the two of them sitting next to each other at a party. She loved that picture. She wanted to post it on her online network page, but he was reluctant. He was going through a divorce, too, and he hadn't taken his ex-wife off his page yet. She agreed not to post it yet. Nothing between them was official yet, anyway. A few mutual friends and his mother and sister figured out that there was something between them long before the party. His friends knew nothing about their relationship. Too many people knew his ex-wife. No one knew of the wild and adventurous sex they had been having. That was one thing they agreed to keep to themselves...for now. 

It had been 15 years since they last saw each other at their high school graduation, and 18 years since they broke up. When a friend had suggested them to each other on the social network site, Molly thought her friend needed a head scan. After the shit he had put her through after they broke up, why would her friend even think of it? But, one thing that Molly learned over the years is that it's good to leave the past in the past...things can change and people do tend to mature, even if it's only a little bit. She swallowed her pride and accepted. Within moments, he was contacting her through chat, and the two of them began catching up on their lives since school. This continued over the next couple of months with online chats and phone calls. He sounded so different. She loved how deep his voiced sounded when he called and said, "What's up?" The stutter he once had was gone, and he sounded happier than he was back then. She remembered he was quite depressed in school, especially after they broke up. When he found out later on that she had started dating his best friend, he spent the next 2 years taking his jealousy out on her, even after she and his best friend broke up. She didn't think she'd ever like him, let alone sleep with him. But here they were, a decade and a half later, and Molly was hooked. All the things she wished he had been in school, he was now. He was more affectionate, intimate and caring. He made her feel things she had never felt before, even in her marriage. Could he be my one true love? she thought to herself. They agreed to not base their relationship solely on sex, although sex with him was a definite plus. She remembered the first night she saw him again. She stood on her patio, waiting for him to get out of his car. In the blink of an eye, he was on her patio and wrapped her in the greatest hug she had ever received. Barely a hello was said. They just stood there in an embrace that was damn near 20 years in the making. He felt nice. He was no longer the kid from high school who never wore shorts and didn't look like he could hurt a gnat. He wore a shirt that accentuated his chest nicely, and when he held her, Molly lost her breath. Thoughts filled her head, but she quickly dismissed them. She just wanted to enjoy this moment as long as she could. Finally, she asked him inside. He just tightened his embrace and said, "In a minute". The hug lasted another eternity.

Later that night, she and Erik sat on her couch, reminiscing. After a couple of hours, they decided to turn out the lights and watch a movie that Molly had planned on watching before she knew that Erik was coming over. They stretched out on the couch and took turns holding each other. When it was her turn to hold him, she sat up and he moved to lay down between her legs. She folded her arms over his chest and rested her head on top of his. A few minutes later, she heard, "Hey." She lifted her head. "You need something?" He shook his head and looked back at her. Their eyes met and he gently pulled her towards him for a kiss. It was much different than she had remembered. The kiss lasted several seconds. She looked into his eyes as he smiled at her and said, "You still close your eyes when you kiss someone." She smiled and chuckled. She had forgotten about him keeping his eyes open during a kiss. She never understood why. 

"Why, is that bad?" she asked. 

"No, I just like to look into your eyes when I kiss you. It makes it more real for me."

"Okay, I can see that. I had forgotten that you like that," she said. He sat up and turned to her, kissing her more passionately this time. This never happened in high school, she thought. But I like it! After the kiss ended, Molly looked into his eyes.

"So," she said. "Why did you come all this way to see me tonight?"

Erik smiled. 

"Well, I said I would come to see you, and I thought maybe I could kiss you just once if you'd let me." Molly smiled and pulled him closer for another kiss. 



That first night there was no sex, but she learned that Erik loved to cuddle. As they were laying in her bed, he kept his arms around her. They whispered things to each other. "I've missed you." "This seems like a dream." After a few seconds of silence, she heard, "Molly?"

"Yeah?" she whispered.

"I love you." Molly was taken aback. She definitely wasn't expecting that. She rolled over to face him.

"Was that too soon?" he asked, nervous. Molly wasn't sure what to say.

"No, I just wasn't expecting it. Could you say it again?" she asked. He wrapped her in his arms, pulling her closer so he could whisper in her ear. "I love you." Molly melted. The last time she had heard those words from him, he was saying them after he had found out she was dating his best friend.

"Are you and he dating now?" he had asked with a look on his face that a child gets when they lose their blanket.

"Yes, we are." She turned and started walking away.

"But...I love you." Molly stopped dead in her tracks. She looked back at him, then turned and continued walking, unsure of how to respond. 

Now, she was hearing them from him in a much different situation. This time, there was a possibility of starting over again. And doing it right. 

"Why did we break up?" he had asked her the next night. Molly stopped and thought. Why did they break up?

"I'm guessing it had something to do with the fact that ours was my first relationship and I had no clue how to go about things. Also, I think my mother had something else to do with it. But I could be wrong. It was so long ago."

"True," he had said. "I wish things had been different back then. Maybe we wouldn't have broken up. We might still be together today."

"You may be right. But I would have had to learn to deal with a boyfriend in the military. I've done long distance relationships, and I always got accused of cheating."

"Did you?" he asked.

"Not in those relationships. I did in one, because the asshole went to Illinois to see an ex-girlfriend instead of helping me move out of an apartment."

"Did he cheat with her?"

"Well, I don't think it's a coincidence that he hadn't seen this chick in 4 years and she has a kid who just happens to be almost 4 years old," she said.

"He deserved it, then," Erik replied. He leaned towards her and kissed her. She felt his hand touch her breast. She pulled back slightly. He pulled his hand back.

"I'm sorry. I'm not pressuring you, am I?"

"No, not at all. I was just enjoying it," she replied. She leaned forward and kissed him, taking his hand and placing it back on her breast. Their kiss became more passionate as he began tweaking her nipple. Usually this would irk the living hell out of her, but not this time. He was gentle, yet not too gentle. She liked it. As she kissed him harder his hand cupped her breast, and he began to give it little squeezes. He pulled away from their kiss and took her nipple into his mouth, his tongue flirting with it. Molly put her hand on the back of his neck to keep him there. He sucked her nipple, taking in more than just the nipple. He began playing with the other nipple with his fingers. He kissed between them, then began sucking and tickling the other nipple with his tongue. Molly felt herself getting warmer. She leaned her head back. Erik took this as a sign and began to kiss her neck. She flinched a little when he bit her gently.

"I didn't hurt you, did I?"

"No, that felt good," she said, her breathing a little heavy. He smiled and continued to nibble on her skin. She was liking this, maybe a little too much. She felt that she could definitely let herself go with him. He looked up at her.

"Do you want to?" he asked. She smiled and nodded. She laid down on her back as he moved to be on top of her. He sat up on his knees and began to rub her pussy. She let out a little sigh as he searched for her clit. Once he found it, he began to rub furiously. She began to breathe harder. She felt him slide two fingers into her now tingling pussy.

"Wow, you're really wet," he said.

"It's been a while," she said softly. It was dark, so she couldn't tell if he was aroused or not. She wondered what his cock looked like.

"Are you sure you're okay with this?" he asked again. 

"Yeah," she said, smiling. He smiled at her, then pulled her legs farther apart. He entered her easily. She let out a heavy sigh as he went deeper into her. 

"Does that hurt?" he asked.

"Oh, God, no. You feel really good," she sighed. 

"I'm not too big or small?"

"Just the right amount of too big," she said, grinning from ear to ear. He smiled and began to gently and slowly move in and out of her. She was amazed at how he felt and how well he seemed to fit inside her. 

"How do you like it?" he asked. 

"Slow at first, then a little faster, maybe a little harder to get the rhythm going," she said. 

"Sounds good," he said. He began to go a little faster, and Molly felt her lower half tingle even more. 

"Any certain position?" he asked.

"I'm game," she said. 

"What's your favorite?"

"Doggie."

"Really? I never would have pegged you for liking it from behind."

"I love it," she said. He pulled out and flipped her over. She got up onto her elbows and knees so that her ass was up in the air for him to enter her. He moved up behind her and entered just as easily as before. She felt his hands on her hips as he guided her to meet his thrusts. She reached under her and began to rub her clit. The harder and faster he thrust, the harder she rubbed. She felt her whole body tingling, and as she got closer to climaxing, her body tensed up. She began to breathe heavier than before and this excited him. He thrust harder and faster.

"Oh, God! Fuck me!" she demanded. He thrust even harder, even faster. She could not believe the stamina he had. She felt her pussy tingling more as she continued to rub and he continued to fuck her. The sounds of her hips slamming into his groin were exciting her beyond belief. She had never had sex this intense before. She felt the orgasm coming on and began to pant heavily as she came. It was the most intense orgasm she had had yet. She looked back at him as he pulled out. 

"Did you?" he asked, out of breath. She nodded.

"Did you?" she asked. 

"No," he said. She laid down and looked up at him. 

"Are you okay?" she asked.

"Just a little tired. I might not be able to orgasm tonight," he panted. 

"You wanna go to sleep then?" she asked. He nodded. He laid down beside her.

"I'm sorry, I'm just really tired. You're probably disappointed," he said.

"No, not at all. If you need to rest, that's fine. We have tomorrow night."

"Or tomorrow," he said, smirking. She wondered what he had up his sleeve.





It had been a little over a week since Erik had been to visit. Molly couldn't wait for him to arrive later that day. She had called him and said that she'd be home alone with the kids and that if he wanted to, he could come up for another visit. He arrived just after she put her kids to bed. They went to the basement to watch a movie on the bed she had set up for herself when her kids' dad was in town. To avoid a fight, she would give up her queen size bed to sleep in the basement and not have to deal with his advances. She turned on the large tv and began fishing through the channel guide when he took the remote from her hand and began kissing her passionately. He cradled her head in his hands as his tongue explored the inside of her mouth. She felt his full lips press against hers. Usually, she didn't like a lot of tongue during a kiss, but this time she dove right in. Her tongue found his and began dancing. His hands began to unfasten her pants as though they were on fire. She felt his hand dive down toward her pussy, which was becoming wetter by the second. She felt him tug at her clit, then push his fingers into her. She gasped as he pushed harder into her. She fumbled for the zipper of his pants. She liked that he didn't wear underwear. "Easier access," he had said. She managed to unzip his pants and reach in for his hardening cock. She stroked it ever so gently at first. Then she did something that surprised even her. She pulled it out of his pants and leaned down to take him into her mouth. First, she licked it like a lollipop. First the tip, then all around the tip. He began to moan. She licked the length of the shaft and felt him harden more. She took him halfway into her mouth, slowly moving up and down, wrapped her tongue around him. She had only been at it a few seconds before he pushed her off and back onto the bed. He pulled off her pants and panties and threw them aside. He pushed her legs apart and entered her with a hard thrust. Molly sucked in a huge breath of air. He stopped and looked at her.

"Did that hurt?" he asked.

"No, just kind of surprised me," she said. He began thrusting a little faster than he did the first night he had been there. He must be really horny tonight, she thought. His rhythm was fast, and she wasn't complaining. He looked at her with a look of intent on his face, and the beads of sweat began to slide down his face. He stopped suddenly and looked around.

"What?" she asked.

"A pillow," he said heavily. She pointed behind him, and he reached back, grabbing one.

"Lift your sweet ass," he said slyly. She picked up her bottom as he slid the pillow under her bottom and re-entered her. He quickly picked his pace back up right where he left off. 

"Much better," he sighed. He looked into her eyes as she felt him moving in and out of her. She began to breathe heavier and managed to give him a smile. He smiled his sexy grin and she felt herself melt even more. If he was this good with just regular sex, just how adventurous could he be? He took one hand off her hip and began to knead her breast, taking as much of it into his hand as he could as he gently squeezed. He was enjoying her nearly D-cups, and was quite fond of her thick, pert nipples. 

"Nursing three kids will make them that way," she had said to him. "Not to mention, it took three kids to get these bad boys." 

She was feeling an orgasm building inside her the harder and faster he thrust. This would be the first time that she might orgasm without any other help. She had read somewhere that millions of women are not able to orgasm during sex with penetration alone. She was one of them. She was feeling that tingly sensation that she gets when she's getting close to climax, but he stopped again. She lifted her head and looked at him, confused.

"Something wrong?" she asked. He shook his head.

"I don't want to cum yet," he replied. "Besides, I like it on the living room floor with you, and I think the kids are asleep now." She nodded in agreement, and sighed contently as he pulled out. He slipped his shorts back on, then stopped her as she was putting her panties back on.

"Leave them off," he said, giving her his incredibly sexy, mischievous grin. She smiled and tossed them on the other side of the bed before pulling on her shorts and top with no bra. She took his hand and led him upstairs to the living room. He opened the fridge on his way through the kitchen and grabbed a couple of alcoholic drinks for them. 

"You remembered," she said as he handed her a mudslide. He smiled and moved in to kiss her. She hungrily returned his kiss, causing him to lean more into her. He began to move her backwards toward the living room. She released him from the kiss and moved toward the front door to turn off the lights. She stood with him between the couch and coffee table, directly in front of the picture window. They opened their drinks and took a gulp. After setting the drinks on the coffee table, he took her in his arms again. He began to move her side to side, slowly.

"I've always wanted to dance with you," he said softly, looking into her blue eyes. It was a good thing they were the same height, about 5'10". She felt herself blush a little and she looked down between them in embarrassment. He lifted her chin so that she could look into his eyes again.

"Why would that embarrass you?" he asked. 

"It doesn't. It's just that ever since we started talking and chatting, I became curious about you."

"What do you mean?" he asked, curious himself.

"One night when we were chatting on the network, somehow our conversation turned towards a....sexual nature. You asked me what I liked, and you had accidentally misspelled "liked" so that it ended up being "licked" instead. Then you started asking me if I liked to be licked. It was really turning me on," she explained. He smiled and chuckled.

"Really? Just me typing that stuff got you all hot?" he asked, surprised.

"Yeah, the power of suggestion really works on me, in voice or print." He smiled and pulled her tightly against his chest. 

"What were you curious about?" he asked.

"What having sex with you would be like," she mumbled. He smiled wide.

"Really...you were fantasizing about sex with me."

"Yes," she said, looking into his eyes to gauge his response.

"Well, has it been anything like you imagined?"

She smiled wide.

"Even better." She put her hand on the back of his neck and drew his mouth closer to hers for a very passionate kiss. He returned her kiss just as passionately. He took her hand and placed it between them on his hardening cock that was beginning to push through his shorts. He sighed heavily as she began to stroke it before unfastening his pants and reaching in for it. Now he was moaning softly as her hands gently touched and rubbed it into a rock hard state. He started to lay her down on the floor, but she knelt down and pulled his shorts down to his ankles. She positioned herself in front of him as he stepped out and kicked him shorts out of the way. She wiped her pussy with the palm of her hand and grasped him firmly and began to squeeze ever so slightly, simulating a moist pussy contracting around him. 
