 Disclaimer: Compete work of my own original fiction.

Author's Note: One-shot

*

Tall, muscular and quite attractive Mason Austin awoke with a start from another dream of his ex-lover Andie Scott. He didn't know why he had been thinking of her so much lately, but he couldn't stop.

It didn't matter that a decade had passed since they had broken up or that he was a married father now. He loved his family, especially his children, but every so often over the years he wished he had married Andie.

In his dreams she looked as she always had and even after so many years she had hardly changed in reality either. And he knew it.

She had always been petite, slim, athletic with shoulder length caramel locks and big, beautiful brown eyes that always made her skin seem even more pale in contrast. Never had any other woman measured up to her in his mind. Though sometimes he could make himself believe the lies he told himself.

Knowing he wouldn't be able to get back to sleep, Mason got up from his bed and headed into his home office to get some work done for the morning.

But almost as soon as he sat down in his chair, he heard his cell phone begin to ring beside him.

"Hello?" he asked still a bit sleepily, unsure of who could be calling him at three in the morning.

"Mason?" a slightly weak sounding, but familiar, female voice asked on the other end.

"Who's this?" he asked, beginning to wake up. He knew the voice was familiar, but he couldn't believe it could really be her.

"It's Andie," her soft, sweet voice replied. "Andie Scott."

"Andie," he breathed. "What's wrong? How did you get this number? Why do you sound -?"

"I really miss you. And I got the number from an old friend of ours. You're not mad, are you?"

"Never at you," he answered.

Both had hated how they had ended things, but it hadn't been their faults really. Their careers had sent them in different directions and they were both in their mid-twenies at the time. Now, it was ten years later and they had hardly seen each other since.

At least in person.

"It's funny that you should be calling me tonight," Mason said. "I was just dreaming about you."

"I didn't wake you, did I?"

"No. I knew I wouldn't be able to get back to sleep so I just decided to get some work done."

"Could I see you?"

"Now?" He wanted to kick himself as soon as he asked. He couldn't believe he was even partially turning down an opportunity to see her after so long.

"It wouldn't be that far a walk. I'm in my car. In your driveway."

"I'll be down in a minute," he replied as he stood and made his way down the stairs. He was only in a black muscle tank and black sweat pants, but it wasn't anything too out of the ordinary for people to see him dressed this way. Especially at this time of night.

Never had he been more thankful that his family was out of the house, away at his in-laws for the weekend. If not for work needing him the next day, he would have been there, too.

They were both in a slight state of shock when he opened the door a moment later. She had hardly aged a day it seemed and the same was true for him. Aside from a haircut and being a little more muscular, he looked almost identical to how she remembered him.

How she was not already in his arms was a mystery to Andie. And even to Mason. They both wanted it, but for the first time were too nervous to even hug each other then.

"Come in, please," he said as he stepped aside to let her in.

"You look incredible," she stated as her doe eyes fell over him.

"So do you," he said as his own brown orbs looked her mostly green clad form over. "How did you know where I live?" he asked as she took a seat on his sofa.

"You think Paul would give me your number and not your address?"

Mason laughed slightly at the truth of her question.

"Where's Tamara?" Andie asked.

"At her parent's," he answered as he took a seat beside her.

"And your kids?"

"With her," he answered with a soft smile.

"What would she say if she knew I was here?"

"I think she's been expecting it," he answered with a slight sigh.

"Why do you say it like that?"

"Tamara isn't worried that we're gonna fall in love again. She's afraid we never fell out."

"How did it come to this?"

"We listened to the wrong people and now it's caught up with us." He paused for a moment and asked, "Do you want something to eat or drink?"

"I'll take a water."

He nodded with a soft smile and crossed the large living room towards the kitchen.

Andie wasn't entirely sure why she was there. She knew she wanted to see him. That she needed to be near him. But now, being in his house after so many years, she couldn't help but be more than a little nervous.

Wordlessly she took the plastic bottle from his hand as he sat down beside her once again with his own a moment later. Her throat no longer being the only one to have gone dry at this situation.

"What made you decide to come here tonight? Did you have a fight with the guy you're with now? Or what?" he asked, feeling an overwhelming need within him to know.

"I couldn't wait any longer to see you," Andie answered, her dark eyes meeting his.

Mason wanted so much to kiss her then, knowing the same was true for him. And while he knew it should feel wrong, nothing ever did when he was with her. And as she was still looking to him, a fire in her eyes like he had not seen in a decade burning within them, he could feel himself losing his fight.

Before he even knew it, he was leaning in to kiss her and she was leaning in, too. But as their lips brushed against each other's Mason tried to fight again and as he backed away from her slightly, said, "But what about the guy you're with now?"

"He's not you," she breathed. "I've wished for him to be you so many times before, but that's not fair because no one else could ever be you."

Mason had no idea until just that moment how much he had needed to hear her say that very thing. Too many times he had done the same and knew now she should know it. "Do you know how hard it is to imagine a blonde as a brunette?"

"I do. I also know how hard it is to imagine blue eyes being brown. And imagining a small, silver hoop earring in each ear when they earlobes I'm looking to aren't even pierced." She took a deep breath and added, "I thought if I could find someone who didn't remind me of you then I could finally get beyond all that, but I can't."

"I've never gotten over you either," he confessed with a little more honesty than he had anticipated.

This time Andie leaned into Mason again, their lips soon meeting and Mason was kissing her back.

At first she couldn't be sure if he was about to break it and tell her to leave or say that it had to end there. But within seconds, as she felt his tongue slip passed her gently parted lips and perfect teeth, she knew what this kiss was.

She had never completely lost him just as he had never completely lost her. They had lied to themselves and to so many others over the years, but the could never lie to each other and her tongue was now dueling his, she knew this kiss was only the beginning.

Minutes passed as they began to rekindle the embers of their fire that had never truly died and by now their hearts were racing and their bodies were only moving closer as their hands began to wander over the other's body.

First Mason's over Andie's back from under her green top and Andie's over Mason's sides. But soon Andie's slender hands were moving beneath his muscle tank and taking in the muscled plains and creases of his firm, silken torso.

He sighed deeply in appreciation into her mouth, now bringing his own hands around to her soft, flat stomach, moving steadily upwards to her modest globes. His cock was already swelling, but still he fought for control, wanting this to last for as long as it could.

Andie moaned softly at how perfectly his hands covered her satin imprisoned breasts, almost making her frantic to feel her skin against his as she could feel her small, candy hard nipples strain more with each gentle squeeze.

Her breasts had always been so sensitive and he always knew it. With little more than a gentle grasp of both he could already have her wiggling sensuously.

But then only he knew how to grasp her breasts just right. It wasn't just out of Andie's preference for it to be him toying with her this way, it was also that only his hands surrounded her modest globes so perfectly and his hold was always gentle. Always enough to excite, but never enough to hurt despite all his strength.

At feeling her chest canting into his gentle hold and her buds protruding into his palms, while he hated the thought of it, Mason knew he had to break their kiss again. "Maybe we should move this to my bed," he nearly panted as he lowered his hands, but rested them at her sides.

"Okay," she agreed with a soft smile. She couldn't be sure why, but earlier in the night she had been terrified he would tell her to leave. That he couldn't do this. That he wouldn't do this. While this wasn't entirely what she had gone to his home for, she couldn't help but be thankful for this now.

How long it took them to climb the stairs, they couldn't know. How they made it to his bed, they couldn't remember. Where their clothes were landing, none of that mattered now.

All that did matter to them now was they were beginning to get their bearings with each other again. Part of them were still wondering if they could remember how to do each other, but their instincts were taking over and memories were flooding their minds.

As they always had each time they saw each other nude before, their breaths were catching in their throats at nearly each glance. They had both gotten more attractive with age, neither really having changed though and both were realizing just how lucky there were. To have had each other before and to have each other again.

The others in their lives weren't even in their clouded minds now. This was how it always should have been and they knew it.

"You are so beautiful," Mason finally said huskily as he looked the petite woman over again. It was nothing he hadn't said to her before, but something he hadn't told her in almost ten years.

Andie only looked away demurely as she blushed. It always happened to her with him. She could never see herself as he did, but it always made her feel warm inside to hear him speak to her like this.

Mason knew why she wasn't responding and it only made him smile softly to her. Knowing she still felt the same as she always had.

Andie soon arched herself to claim her once and soon-to-be-again lover's soft, pouted lips.

The strong brunette returned the hungry exchange, their tongues soon engaging in another duel.

Andie's hands were soon moving over Mason's sides and already she could feel her body coursing with simmering desire and ending it was the last thing in her mind.

How she wasn't already spreading slim, powerful, gymnast legs completely and begging him to take her was beyond her. His incredible kiss, the warmth from his naked body so solidly above her, she needed him more now than she could ever remember needing him before.

Mason was having his own similar thoughts, unable to remember the last time he had been so turned on. His straining cock was throbbing happily between them and it wasn't difficult to see he was sure to be ready to take her as soon as she was ready to be taken.

Though they both wanted that kiss to last forever, Mason soon broke it and lowered his lips down her neck before reaching the center line of her chest as he looked to her rounds, the two most beautiful he had ever seen. His gentle tweaking of her throbbing buds sent many hot jolts through her, each of which firing straight down to her needful core.

But soon he was drawing her right nipple into his hot, wet mouth, her areola and more of her sweet swell next as Andie let out another moan of her pleasure.

Next, he lowered his right hand down her slim, smooth body again, this time letting his fingers comb passed her dark, moistened curls to her most pleasurable point that was almost instantly straining against his middle finger.

Andie gave another groan while her lover nursed and as her hips rocked towards his hand. She was fighting her moans, but it was impossible for her not to moan with him. Anyone else got little more than a matter of gasps or heavy breathing from her. But with Mason, it was a wonder she could even catch her breath with how worked up he could get her and there times she came with a scream of her delight.

Tonight was sure to be one of those.

Mason's cock was solid now and throbbing more with each of her little moans. He didn't know that only he awoke them, but just knowing that she was finding such pleasure from him was more of a turn on than almost anything else. Definitely more than anything from anyone else.

"I knew you'd remember all your old moves," Andie moaned as his fingers lowered and swiftly thrust into her, her wet heat instantly coating his digits.

"Yeah," he stated as he let her sweet swell slip from his mouth, her candy hard nipple still pleading for his attention again. "But I've also learned a few new ones," he told her as he licked his lips and switched his attention to her left breast. His tongue was swirling all around her throbbing left nubbin, enjoying the feeling of it growing just as hard as her right had been.

For Mason, more of the same was in his mind. He remembered her touch and it was only fueling his passion for her now. Her own was just as soft, her hands always knowing where to go and what to do. His dick was achingly throbbing with the desire for her to reach down and stroke him. His nearly surging sac heavy now with its own need for one of her small, strong hands.

Her right hand was running down his back now, her left running through his short, dark and perfectly spiked strands. His skin was prickling in reply and already the sensations were threatening to overtake him. Just knowing that it was finally, truly her. No more lying, no more pretending, no more dreaming or fantasizing, this time it was truly Andie.

But before she could get too used to the incredible sensation filling her lower half, his hand slipped from her clinging recesses and he let his other tasty treat slip from his mouth and once again lowered his kisses down her slim, nude form.

"Wait," Andie breathed.

"Why?" he asked as he looked up at her.

"I wanna taste you," she told him softly.

"Any part of me in particular?" he asked with a cheeky grin.

Playfully, she pounced onto him, quickly claiming his lips before she lowered her kisses down his smooth throat and chest before reaching his abs and finally his long, slender pole.

His hands were already tangling in her caramel locks as her tongue swirled all around his crown, teasing his glans and dipping the tip of her oral organ into his slit, now making him frantic with her teasing.

Easily recognizing the twist of his hips, she brought her hands to them as she opened wide and swallowed him whole.

Mason could only gasp as his hips wanted to buck towards her, his hands now grasping his bedspread and his headd canting back into his pillow.

She was furiously working his rigid stalk in and out of her soft, hot mouth, letting her tongue occasionally swirl around his shaft even as she increased her suction.

Seeing her bobbing rhythmically up and down on his manhood was almost too much for Mason. But he didn't want to come yet. Her talented mouth may have been the most incredible he had ever been sheathed in, but it was her cunt he wanted to feel surrounding him when he finally reached his edge.

Lapping at his precome a minute later, Andie knew how close he was and reluctantly pulled back, letting her own tasty treat slip from her sucking cavity.

Only seconds later Mason was moving back atop her, his tongue wasting no time in making contact with her sopping pink flesh. He licked the whole of her entrance, but soon her words surprised him.

"Do that again," she moaned, needing him more than she could hope to express.

"Yeah?" he asked softly.

She only moaned as her lower half gave an involuntary pump towards him. His hot breath had fallen over her wet opening like a wave and it sent another shiver through her.

Mason only smiled. He had longed for this for so long and to know she had been, too sent similar jolts through him, each soon being centered at his own needful sex.

He continued his sure licking until finally, wonderfully, his lips were against her stiffened rosy bud. But first, he licked opening completely once more. Then, he nibbled lightly at her clit, knowing what would soon follow.

Sure enough, a loud moan and writhe of her gently narrowed hips was his reward for his current teasing. But as he felt her heat rising again, he brought his lips back to her swollen clit, suckling at it, enjoying each of her deep moans as he increased his suction and tempo.

But while Andie was loving each of these sensations, her body was growing desperate. She wanted to feel him. To feel his cock buried so far within her they could never be separated again. But as she was quickly losing her ability to voice her needs, she could only wait.

Only Mason recognized this and pulled his mouth away though having enjoyed feeling her core pulsating against his lips. He moved back atop her and asked, "Sure you're ready to do this?"

"I am," she breathed. She knew what he was really asking and ready or not, he was the one she needed. The one she most wanted and the one who obviously wanted and needed her equally.

Being as hard as she was wet, that was all Mason needed to hear. It was only a moment more before their bodies were finally joined and neither could bite back their cries of indescribable rapture as their primal need broke the surface.

His long, slender shaft was filling her tight tunnel to perfection as her eager snatch accepted the invasion, her sweet juices instantly coating his erection upon entry.

For many years so many always thought Mason and Andie were prefect together. Some even said it. They were just a prefect fit on so many levels. It was now they were remembering why they agreed.

It wasn't just all they had in common, but their bodies were a prefect fit as well. Her breasts always fit so well in his strong hands and while his cock wasn't small, nor abnormally huge, he couldn't remember the last time he fit so perfectly into a woman's body, unless he was remembering a time when it was Andie's he was sheathed in.

When she would collapse onto his body after her orgasm, he could never help but enjoy how well his body supported her petite, athletic frame.

Andie had more than enjoyed it herself, having had to force herself to roll off of him those nights.

But now she was under him, her slender fingers digging into his broad shoulders as he thrust deep into her gripping, willing core and they fought to keep their new heated kiss, their moans each being greedily swallowed by the other.

Quickly, furiously, they rocked together, Andie's hips leaving the mattress as she raised them to meet Mason's, kisses that were nothing short of ravenous being exchanged through their quickening breaths and amplifying groans as his sex further drilled hers.

She moaned his name, their kiss breaking.

"That's it, Andie, don't fight it," he replied huskily as he thrust deep into her again. This time he was feeling her hot, soft muscles coiling as he sank each inch of his hard meat into her, her body preparing for its release that was sure to be nothing short of explosive.

She moaned his name again a minute later. It wasn't to remind herself who she had moving within her. With Mason, she always got this way. Not a day seemed to go by all those years ago that she didn't call his name at least once for something. Often for this very reason.
