 David sat up on the bed, breathing heavily, sweat beading on his forehead. He'd had the same dream, almost every day, since he'd left New York. He wiped at the sweat. Tonight he would at least be able to try and see Alyssa; he only hoped that there was a chance that she would forgive him. As his breathing slowed, he realized that he could still smell Alyssa's scent. He froze as his hearing picked up the distinct sound of her footsteps. Moving quickly, he got off the bed, out the bedroom door and stopped at the head of the stairs. 

Alyssa considered going up to the bedroom, but somehow couldn't face the emptiness of that particular room. Instead, she made her way to the fireplace and lit it to take the chill from the room. She looked around, unsure of just where to start searching for information. Leaning against the mantle, she whispered, "Where, David? Where are you and how do I find you?" 

She hugged herself. "I know we said that we would only be friends, and I tried to not fall in love, but I couldn't help it. I know that I'm not beautiful, and I never expected you to return my feelings." Alyssa said to the air. "In that letter you left for me, you made it clear that we were only friends, or at least you only thought of me that way. But, I loved you then, and I still do." Her voice dropped on the last words to a bare whisper. She didn't know why she was talking aloud, but she just felt as if she had to. She shut her eyes; it almost seemed like she could feel David looking at her. 

David felt the knot in his chest ease as he heard Alyssa's words. He couldn't take his eyes from her. She was even more beautiful than in his dreams. He shook his head as he heard her say she wasn't. Silently, he went down the stairs and approached her. He stopped about three feet from her. "To me, you are the most beautiful woman in the world." 

Alyssa whirled around. For an instant she wasn't sure if the pale form before her was real or just her imagination. "David?" she questioned. As he took a step closer the light from the fire behind her splashed across his features. "David!" She blushed as she realized he'd heard what she'd said. 

David closed the space between them. He brushed a loose strand of hair from her face and allowed his hand to linger in a tender caress. "Alyssa, I've made many mistakes in my life, but never one as bad as leaving you." he said, tears filling his eyes. "I've missed you every minute since that night. You've haunted my dreams and my waking hours. Please, Alyssa, try and find it in your heart to forgive me for being a fool?" He lifted her hand to his lips. 

Alyssa could feel her legs trembling. She looked into David's face and felt her heart well up with emotion. "I forgive you, David,” she murmured. 

David leaned toward her and softly kissed her on the lips. "I broke our agreement too, Alyssa. I've loved you since the moment I met you.” He kissed her again, and wrapped her in a tight embrace. The feel of her in his arms, her scent and the silky cascade of her hair on his skin washed away the pain of missing her. This is what he craved, more than food, more than air, more than life itself. His body was responding to her nearness, David could feel himself hardening as he deepened the kiss. His tongue gently probed her lips and, to his delight, she readily granted it entrance to the sweetness of her mouth. 

Alyssa moaned softly as David's tongue caressed hers. She'd dreamed about such a kiss and now at last her dream was reality. She pressed against David's firm body and laced her arms about his neck. She could feel her need and desire flare, desires she'd only be able to ease while fantasizing, alone in her bed. 

When David finally broke the kiss, she was breathless and her entire body was trembling. 

David felt his need for her growing. "Let's go upstairs. I want this to be special for you. We've denied ourselves for too long to rush now." He could hear the sudden increase in her heart rate, but the look of joy and love that shone on her face assured him that it was due to excitement, not second thoughts. 

Alyssa laid her hand in David's and stood. She was already becoming moist, just thinking about actually making love with David. As he wrapped an arm around her shoulders, she slipped hers around his waist. Together they climbed the stairs. 

In the bedroom, David again pulled her into an embrace, one that was full of passion. When she opened her eyes, she found herself looking into golden ones. Alyssa felt no fear. This was still David, still the man she loved. She reached up and pulled his mouth to her own. 

David crushed Alyssa against him, hungrily kissing her first on the lips, then along her jaw and down the slim, creamy column of her throat. The scent of her filled his head and his turgid length began to throb with his need for her. Resisting the urge to rip her clothes from her, he carefully undressed her. He'd often dreamed of seeing her gloriously nude. Many days he'd imagined what she would look like as he lay sleepless on his bed. As her garments were removed, David feasted his eyes on her, pausing to kiss, caress, and fondle her. The soft rounded curves of her body seeming to draw his hands to it. He slid his hands down her back, cupping the cheeks of her butt. His lips moved down from her throat to the twin mounds of her breasts. Her moans and gasps of pleasure made his desire grow even more and when she undid his shirt and laid her soft hands on his bare chest, he responded with a low growl of ecstasy.

Alyssa's head was reeling from the sensations David was causing her to feel. Her own desire to feel his skin against hers prompted her to dare to undo his shirt. His growl encouraged her and she dropped her hands to the waistband of his trousers. Undoing his belt, she unbuttoned and unzipped them. When they fell to the floor, she could see the stiff rod of his manhood as it strove to be free of the confinement of his silk boxers. As David began to lick and suck at her breasts, she eased the boxers over his hips, freeing his large, thick cock. Her heart gave an extra beat as she anticipated having it deep within her. She reached down and took his steel like cock in her hand, slowly stroking. She gasped as his teeth lightly scratched the sensitive nipples of her breasts, sending shivers of enjoyment through her. 

David buried his face in the fullness of Alyssa's breasts. He took the full, hardened nipple of one in his mouth suckling like a small baby on it. He traced his tongue over the sensitive surface, smiling as he felt Alyssa catch her breath and then moan happily at his actions. When he felt her grasp his tumescent cock, the wave of sensations that raced through him cause him to lightly scrape his teeth against the warm globe that filled his mouth. The burst of love and desire he felt assured him that Alyssa indeed was as anxious as he to relieve the burning need that overwhelmed them both. 

Unable to resist anymore, David lifted Alyssa into his arms and laid her on the bed. He joined her, his mouth tracing a path from her throat to the flaxen curls that covered the sensitive core of her sex. David shifted so that he could plant soft kisses along the tender inner part of her thighs, slowly moving ever closer to her damp core. The scent of her arousal was intoxicating to him and when his tongue at last tasted the ambrosia of her juices, he was lost to all other sensations. He could hear the rush of her blood as it coursed through her veins. As her body flushed with ever-growing passion, her unique scent increased as well. David abandoned all pretenses and gave himself fully to the enjoyment of these bounties.

Alyssa writhed as David's lips and tongue teased her. The coolness of his lips against the hot flesh of her thighs made her shiver. When at last she felt the soft caresses of his tongue against her clit, she gasped and clawed at the sheets in delight. Slowly David increased the speed and pressure of his ministrations and Alyssa felt her entire body tensing in anticipation of the orgasm she could feel building. Her breath came in shallow gasps and she moaned in pleasure as wave after wave of gratification swept through her, building higher and higher. She called David's name, as finally the ultimate wave of pleasure was achieved, and her body shook in joyous spasms of release. She could feel the dampness between her legs as her juices flowed. 

David felt Alyssa's release and his passion reached a height he hadn't known could exist. He had to have her now, had to feel the rich moistness that flowed from her surrounding him. Kneeling he lifted her legs to allow him easier access to her core. He could see her vaginal muscles still contracting when he slid the head of his manhood into her. As he felt the warm moistness on the sensitive head of his manhood, he closed his eyes, hissing with the pleasure it provided. Slowly he pushed into her, until his full length was deep inside her welcoming opening. 

Alyssa had barely recovered from her orgasm, when she felt David penetrate her. She arched her back, allowing him full access to her as he slowly entered her completely. She closed her eyes, relishing how he filled her completely. She gasped again as he began to move, slowly at first but with increasing speed and force, and she again felt her body climbing toward an explosive climax. She arched upward, baring the smooth column of her neck to him and reached up to pull his mouth down to it. 

David could no longer contain his need, slowly, but quickly picking up speed, he thrust in and out of Alyssa's warm core. The delightful friction sent tremors of pure elation through him. As he neared the need for his own release, he focused on Alyssa’s eyes with his own.

To be continued.