 My phone rang. I didn't recognize the number, but I picked up just the same. It was my old girlfriend Annie, who I had not talked to in years. I've written a few other stories about her. We dated for a couple of intense years when we were in our early twenties right out of school. It was one of the most remarkable periods in my life, and especially my sex life. We dated for an intense period, then parted over fundamental issues in our day to day relationship, then dated on-and-off, and somehow managed to salvage fond memories of each other. Since we truly parted ways we had had only infrequent friendly contact over the years. 

I realized that I had not even spoken to her since she and her husband Steve had moved to a new place out in the country about an hour away from where I live. She's never been a hard one to talk to; we chatted a bit, and I was starting to wonder whether there was a reason for the call. Finally she said, 

"This is a little embarrassing. I know we've hardly even talked in years... So, the reason I'm calling is this. Steve and I made a bet. I lost. Big. He gets to "spit roast" me. I am allowed to choose the other guy... and... well... You were the last person I was with before Steve and I met... and... you and he have met a few times and seemed to get on well... and... You know he's seen all those pictures we took back then. To be honest, he really enjoys seeing some of the things we did back then... Geez... So... uh... Are you doing anything Friday evening? Howbout a spit-roast?" 

My mind was reeling, but I tried to play it cool. I didn't know she and her husband Steve had opened their marriage, but knowing her, I can't say I was shocked. Still, Annie was really having trouble with this, and I didn't really feel like making it easy for her. Somehow she usually ended up as the one in command, and this time, I was going to give her a taste of her own medicine. 

"So he's seen the pictures, Huh?" I asked. 

"Oh my God. He loves them. I don't know if you remember, but there's one that was on this night when you must've been traveling for the week beforehand, because, my God, in the "after" picture in that set? My face looks like friggin' glazed donut. The first time I showed him that those pictures, he said he wanted to 'Hi-five' you. It's weird. Nothing seems to get him hot faster than hearing stories about his darling wife being some other guy's fucktoy before he met me. And seeing pictures of it? Hoo-boy. It puts him over the edge." 

How could I have forgotten a night like that? It was definitely one of the best sets of photos we did. 

"This is so awesome," I teased. "Sure. I'd love to. But I need to hear you say it. Why would you like me to come by Friday, Annie?"

"... I was... wondering... if you would like to come over so you and my husband can fuck me from both ends." 

"Which end do I get?" I asked, smirking on my end of the phone line. 

There was a long pause. "Uh... Both? I guess?" Then she regained her composure, and said after a pause, "And when it's time, I will swallow every... last... drop. I still remember what you like."

My cock was already starting to swell in my shorts. 

"Well, that sounds delightful," I politely replied. "See you Friday?"

--

When I knocked at their door, an ordinary suburban door in an ordinary Northern Virginia suburb, Annie answered the door, dressed casually. She had a big smile on her face. When I went in, Steve greeted me with a big handshake, and thanked me for coming by. It was totally weird. I was starting to wonder if I had misread something, but things couldn't have been more clear with the invitation Annie gave me only a few days before. 

We sat on the deck for a while and enjoyed the afternoon, drank a glass of wine, and then Annie said, "So... Haven't really ever had to do this before with my husband and my ex-boyfriend, but... would you like to join me inside?

Once we were inside, she asked me to take a seat on the couch. I wasn't sure if I was supposed to take off my clothes or what, no having been in this kind of situation before. It's the little details like that that felt the weirdest. Annie kind of took the lead, as the ordinarily does in weird situations. 

She said, "We've got plenty of time... Sweetie, why don't you keep your clothes on for now, and just... watch for a while." She looked right at me as she started to unbutton her shirt. It was just me and her, her husband hadn't come back yet. She let her shirt fall. She was wearing a chocolate colored, lacy bra. She started to unzip her shorts, and then she turned around, and pushed them down over her round ass, revealing a skimpy, matching lacy thong. I could feel my cock swelling quickly, and I shifted in my seat. This was actually happening! Annie bent down much farther than she had to in order to let her shorts drop and then stood up facing away from me. She unclasped her bra, and let it fall too, and then, pushed her panties down, leaving her standing nude before me, only about 8 feet away. 

She slowly turned around, and stood before me, nude, except for her little choker necklace. She was shaved completely smooth and hairless. 

"Do you like my necklace?" She said to me. "Honey..." she said to her husband. He came out from the next room, naked, and fully erect. We tried not to make eye contact. It was a bit awkward; I was sitting on their couch, and my ex-girlfriend and her husband were naked in front of me. She was really serving as the glue holding this whole thing together - we tried to focus on her, rather than on each other. 

As her husband approached her, she looked at him, and then me, and said, "I know this is a bit weird. I'd like you to just relax for now, and watch a little. She sunk to her knees in front of him, took his cock in both hands, and looked up at him. I imagined what he was seeing, and remembered what it was like to look down at her on her knees, with those big brown eyes looking up at me. She began to tease his cock a little, just the way she used to with me. As she was doing it, she glanced over at me. I was seeing now that part of this was Annie liking to have an audience. 

I'd never actually been in the room with another male having sex. It was a strange feeling. It was much more intimate than all the zillion times I'd watched it in pornography. 

Before I realized what had happened, she was on all fours, facing away from me, and I was looking at her heart shaped ass. She leaned over and spread herself wide open for me and her husband. I was glued to the couch for the time being, and I watched, rather helplessly, and he guided his cock into her pussy from behind. I didn't feel like I belonged, but then Annie looked over her shoulder at me. She was looking at me as he slid his cock all the way into her. It just felt... dirty. 

Annie was exactly where she wanted to be; one person fucking her, and one person watching her get fucked. She pushed her round ass back at him. He wasn't wasting any time. From the way he was fucking her, she must have been sopping wet from the start. From slightly underneath, I could watch his thick veiny cock, already shiny and slick with her come, pistoning in and out of her smooth snatch. My cock used to do the same thing, way back when we were dating. 

They weren't at it for long before I could see her husband's balls begin to tighten. He must have really been into this. He groaned quietly, tensed and thrust his cock in, one last thrust deeply into her, and I could see his balls contracting, pumping his semen deep inside her. From the amount of time he was coming, and the number of contractions, I remember thinking it must have been quite a load. It was very hot to watch, even without seeing it all. I was imagining how full Annie's pussy must have been. 

After a moment of stillness, he slowly began to pull his cock out of her and began to stand upright, still straddling her. There was a thick layer of slimy semen coating his cock as he withdrew, and when the head of his cock popped out, strings of ooze connected the end of his cock to her swollen pussy lips. As soon as he had pulled out of her, she quickly flipped over onto her back, still between his legs. His slick, still rigid cock was right above her. 

She looked over at me, winked, and then looked up at him with a grin. She said to him, "Steve, honey, come down here and let me clean you off." 

He knelt down a bit, and she took his thick cock into her hands, and began to lick her own come off of his cock. She knew I was watching her, transfixed. She slowly began to spread her legs wide open, obviously to give me even more of a show than she already was, letting me see the sticky mess he had left of her pussy. After she finished gently cleaning him off, and gave him a playful peck on the end of his cock, she said, "Steve, can you give us a couple of minutes, sweetie? "

He leaned down to kiss her on the lips, and then glanced back at me. "I'm sure you two have some more catching up to do..." he said. "I'm going to get something to drink."

She was leaning back on her elbows. She looked at me and smiled sweetly. "Well. Here we are again!" She said, "It's been a long time. It's nice to see you. Why don't you get undressed for me?"

"Nice to see you too," I answered, my hands trembling a bit as I undressed in front of her. She watched me undress in front of her, and smirked a bit when my fully erect cock sprang out of my boxer briefs. 

As I was undressing, she began to spread her legs wider and wider, until she was almost doing the splits, her pussy was completely bare, swollen snatch open wide to me. She cocked her head to the side, and said offhandedly, "You know I was always flexible, but I've taken up yoga in the last few years." 

As I finished undressing, she could see I was conflicted about whether I should be looking at her face, or her swollen, oozing, freshly fucked pussy, which she was opening brazenly to me. 

"It's okay sweetie..." She encouraged, "It's okay to look. I know it's been a long time since you've seen this little snatch. And if I was the one on my hands and knees between a girl's open legs, you know very well where I would be looking. Why don't you come a bit closer? My goodness, you're hard aren't you? I still love looking at that cock of yours." 

"It's okay... why don't you get a little closer? I shaved special for this, you know. Betcha you can't find a single hair." 

I took her invitation, and got down on my hands and knees, hypnotized by her pink folds, and the trail of thick, pearly semen starting to ooze from her slot. 

"How do I look? Pretty?" she asked. 

"Yes."

"Enticing? " she asked.

My mouth was dry. "Yes," I whispered. 

"Goddess, he fucked me good. Boy, he made a real mess of me, didn't he?" 

I couldn't answer.

"A penny for your thoughts..." she said. "You're wondering now what it would taste like, aren't you?" she asked. "You haven't tasted another man since your 'birthday surprise' have you?" 

"No," I whispered, thinking back to the evening when she blindfolded me, and coerced me into sucking off one of her friends while she looked on and encouraged me. I still don't know who I sucked off that evening, but I will never forget the sensation of hot, thick semen pulsating into my mouth as he finished. I had thought about that evening and what she got me to do a thousand times, but never had any desire to repeat the experience. She had a power over me that made me want to do things in her presence to please her, and made me unafraid of judgment. When she was not there, it was not the same. 

"But you've thought about it, haven't you?" she said. 

"I can see it in your face, you know. That night, I gave you a gift. I gave you an experience that you didn't have the courage to ask for yourself. Once I got you into that position, blindfolded... on your knees... waiting with your mouth open... listening for me to tell you what to do... the sucking and swallowing seemed to come very naturally, didn't it?" She continued. "I know you've thought about what you did that night ever since. When you watch that amateur porn, and see that beautiful girl on her knees in front of that huge cock, you know what it feels like. You can either tell me or not tell me, but I know that you can't look a girl with a cock in her mouth without thinking about the night you had your turn. And now here I am. In front of you again, about to offer you another experience you couldn't ask for." 

"This kind of opportunity doesn't present itself that often, you know. Your favorite ex-girlfriend, wide open right in front of you, with a pussy full of fresh semen. C'mon... you've always wondered, haven't you?" 

"If you want to, now is the time, sweetie, while you have the courage. I know how boys are. As soon as you come, you'll feel a little differently, but right now, you're having trouble resisting, aren't you? You know what my advice is, sweetie? I think you should stop thinking, man up, and taste my freshly fucked pussy."

I leaned down very near to her. Steve's semen was splattered all over her lips. I could smell the slightly bleachy smell of his come. She was right. I closed my eyes, and breathed deeply, and paused for a moment, and then pressed my face into her hot pussy, greeting her lips in a deep, open mouth kiss. My mouth suddenly full of the taste of her pussy, and the salty, bitter taste of Steve's cum. It was disgusting, but I was so aroused I didn't care. I gulped it down, and continued kiss, lick, and suck her slimy, oozing pussy. 

"Yess... "she sighed, as she leaned back. "Oh, Goddess, yes..." She was apparently quite a bit more aroused than I'd thought. Is seemed like no time before she was grinding her pelvis up at me, and throwing her head back. 

"Taste us, sweetie, yesss... that's right, suck. Suck his come out of my little pussy." She whispered, "Taste it... that's right... Taste our marriage." With that, she started to orgasm. 

I didn't stop. She knew exactly what she was doing. I was so aroused I would do anything for her. I kissed, licked and sucked her open, slimy, cum-filled pussy. Her come and his come were smeared all over my face, and the powerful, alkaline taste of the come I had swallowed made my throat tingle. I began to kiss and lap at her pink anus. When we had started dating, she was a bit squeamish about being kissed there, but she realized how much it turned me on to kiss her there, and she learned to love attention there. 

She let me kiss and licked her pink little asshole for a long time. When I finally began to slow down, she relaxed, and then pushed my head slowly away from her. She sat up, leaned over, and brought her face close to mine. "C'mere..." she said. I was positive she was coming in for a kiss, but instead, she began to purposefully lick the wetness off my face. It felt wonderfully kinky, knowing she was tasting her husband's come, and her own come licking it off my face. When she had finished licking me clean, she glanced over to the doorway, when she saw that Steve was not back, she closed her eyes, and kissed me deeply and passionately for a few moments, then stopped. When she pulled away, she winked, and said "I'm glad you're here."

--

Before that afternoon, I'd never had sex with another man in the room, but I found it wasn't too hard to get used to. The main thing that made it okay was that there wasn't much competition between Steve and me. I mean, Annie was clearly in love with him. As she always referred to herself, she was his darling wife. He clearly was not jealous or possessive of her. Basically, he wasn't jealous or jerky at all about it, and his ease made it easy for me to be at ease. Both of us could really relax, and pretty much just focus on Annie, our own pleasure, and getting Annie into as many memorable sexual predicaments as we could think of. 

I hate to admit it, but it was actually pretty helpful that afternoon to thinking about the porn I like best. I particularly like amateur porn where a woman is having sex with more than one man at a time. That afternoon I thought to myself the only reason I've gotten to enjoy all those photos is that the men were comfortable enough to take some initiative and make it happen. 

There was one thing that was a bit curious to me. My cock and Steve's cock were almost exactly the same size, and looked remarkably similar. I'd meant to ask Annie about that some time. 

I had finished cleaning up Steve's creampie, and Steve had just come not too long before, so I wasn't sure how this was going to work. 

"Don't worry" said Annie. "I've totally got this."

"Steve honey, would you mind taking a seat? I have something I've always wanted to show you."

He came back in, and took a seat on the couch. 

"Steve, honey, I thought you might like to see this." She led me right in front of the couch, and got on her knees in front of me. My cock was staring her right in the face. I had a flood of memories of exactly this, one of my favorite experiences ever. She looked up at me and winked. She knew I was loving this. Then she glanced over at her husband, and said, "Honey, would you like to watch how I used to my suck my ex-boyfriend's cock?" 

My cock was already incredibly hard. She took me into both her hands gently, and kissed the very tip. Then she looked over at her husband.

"Honey, you know those pictures you love so much? This cock - this cock right here - was the one that did all of that. We have a bit of history." It was a little weird being reduced to just a cock, but I was able to deal. 

She looked up at me, winked, glanced back at her husband to make sure she had the audience she desired, and then concentrated again on my cock. She knelt down lower, and started with her tongue, at the very base of my shaved balls, and dragged her tongue slowly all the way up my balls and up the shaft of my cock, to the very tip. Then she wrapped her mouth around me, and took me deeply into her mouth, gently stroking with both hands wrapped around the base of my cock. After so long, I was certain I would never feel her mouth again, and here I was, in front of her, on her knees again, except this time, she was doing this with me to show off for her husband. I had to will myself to keep from getting too far too quickly. I didn't want this to end. 

It wasn't too long watching his beloved Annie, on her knees, bobbing up and down on my cock before Steve was completely aroused again. 

He stood up from the couch slowly, and walked over to us. Annie sensed him when he got close, and opened her eyes, seeing another cock in front of her. She pulled her mouth off my cock, looked up at both of us. She wrapped her hand around her husband's cock, so that she had one in each hand. "She looked at both of them together, and said to herself, "Woof. Oh my God, I love cock. This is where I want to be. On my knees. Doing my best to give these beautiful cocks... these beautiful men... pleasure." I'm pretty sure both of our cocks twitched when we heard her talking like that. 

Steve and I had to get pretty close to each other to get our cocks close enough together to have them both sticking in his wife's face. I wasn't exactly sure how that was going to work out, but it wasn't as uncomfortable as I was expecting, because we weren't making any kind of eye contact; both of us had our attention focused downward on the performance Annie was putting on. When we did try to get closer together to see what Annie could do with two cocks at the same time, he just threw is arm around me in a very "bro" way. We looked at each other for a brief moment, acknowledging that this was a pretty weird situation, and I said, "Well, this is a thing..."

Annie has never been a woman to shy away from body fluids - really drooly, messy blowjobs have always been a specialty of hers. It didn't take long at all alternating between our cocks to get both of them practically dripping with her saliva, with both her hands wet, sliding up and down our shafts, and drool almost dripping down her chin. It's probably a good thing that she has never been a girl who was really into makeup, because if she was, she would have been a mess. She alternated back and forth the between the two of us. Sometimes, she was making eye contact with the one she was sucking. Even hotter, she started making eye contact with the one who was watching. It's hard to convey how hot it was to hear the things she was breathing up at us when her mouth wasn't full of dick. It was a lot of fun to watch her going back and forth.
