 Leah rolled over, feeling incredibly calm after her exertions the previous night. She lay there, breathing softly, as she recounted the experience. She couldn't believe it was really him. However, she decided it was time to wake him up. She gently massaged his groin, then when his cock stood up gave it a quick pull. He woke up with a start.

His eyes focused on her for a second, then he remembered. "Leah." He gave her a quick kiss and continued. "Shall I fix something for breakfast or do you want to go somewhere?"

She cocked her head to one side, her blond hair gleaming in the morning light. "Well... I suppose we could go out for breakfast. It doesn't look like there is any decent food around." She gave him a quick smile and turned.

"If you want something to wear there are some of my sister's clothes in the hotel room across the hall. There's a key in the drawer beside our door."

Before he realized what was happening, she took the key and slipped through the hallway to the other room, her clothes still lying beside the bed. She got into it and closed the door. When it opened again she was wearing a short, pleated grey skirt with a thin white blouse. Dressing himself in grey trousers, a belt, and a white dress shirt, he smiled. "You look just like you did in school, my dear."

He picked up the telephone and told the restaurant to reserve a room for them; then they headed out and down to the restaurant. He put his arm around her shoulders as they walked.

The room was set up with simple metal chairs and wooden tables. Leah's hazel eyes lit up as she saw the setup. "It reminds me of school," she commented.

"Well." The man's dark eyes twinkled. "That's good. Now once the food gets here, we can assume nobody else will enter; here, you have to pay before you get the food, and this is booked as a private room."

"Hmmm..." Her lips pursed into a grin, and her hair danced. "That could be interesting... do they serve chicken wings here?"

"I believe so... the waiter's here though, let's ask him."

Having ordered a variety of different flavoured chicken wings, they sat down to grope each other for a while, until the waiter returned.

"Money and names?" He inquired as he placed the tray on the table.

The man tossed some coins on the table, and Leah glanced at him. "Leah Swanson," she said.

"Very good." He bowed and left the room, closing the door behind him.

Leah leaned back in her chair, moving opposite him. She picked up a wing and ate it, then slid it up her skirt to caress her clit with the greasy hand. He felt his cock straining against his dress pants, and rubbed it gently through the fabric as he ate.

Placing the food aside, they decided to put on a bit of a show for each other. Leah moved away from the table and slouched down, giving him a clear view of her well-greased clitoris. He slipped one hand into his pocket and kneaded his cock as he watched. Her nipples perked up and pressed against her shirt, and she began to toy with one nipple with the other hand.

Leah moaned as she finger herself, and the man decided it was time for him to act. He unzipped the crotch of his trousers and pulled out his cock, leaning down towards Leah.

She turned the chair and leaned it against the table to prevent it from tipping backwards. She then straightened her body and spread her legs apart, bracing them on the floor.

He entered her then, causing her to shudder in pleasure. He lay down on her, pressing his body into her pussy. The sweat caused her white shirt to cling to her skin.

Their bodies rubbed together, the cotton shirts rubbing their entire torsos at once. Her nipples pressing against his shirt caused tingles of electricity to shoot through her, and she gasped as her cock stabbed into her pussy over and over.

"Stop... Stand up." She said, her face rosy with exertion. She went and braced her hands against the wall, spreading her legs again, and he did the same, except bracing his hands on her perfect breasts and pushing his cock into her pussy from behind. He squeezed her breasts as he guided his cock in and out of her. She gasped for breath as he moved faster, and his breath quickened and caught in his throat.

She bent her back and screamed as her pussy spasmed around her cock, and fell to the ground; he lay down on top of her and fucked until the cum spurted into her.

Gasping for breath, he said, "Well, it isn't always bad to have sex to quickly..."

"Of course not." She smiled, her breasts heaving and her skirt flipped up so that there was a nice view of her. "As long as we both have fun..."