 If one word were used to describe Margot Smith it would be…amazing. She was the most well rounded individual in the high school, being a good athlete, a talented artist and musician, and she still retained a 4.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Margot was the picture of popularity, but she never showed it. She was just as at ease playing football with the jocks after a basketball game, as she was at going shopping with the preps and snobs, and needless to say, she could hold her own in an intellectual debate against the geeks and smart kids. 

Margot was 5 foot, 8 inches tall, about 141 pounds, sported an athletically fit and toned body, and had amazingly vivid green eyes, just like the color of fresh cut grass, and she always seemed to smell like the most enchanting smell, lilacs. Margot’s hair was strait, waist length, and dark brown, and as thick as hair came. She had a killer smile that would stop any guy in his tracks. 

Her chest was about a 34C, and she had a nice, medium oval ass. Margot played the drums, clarinet, trumpet, enjoyed ceramics, painting, and sculpting, participated on all five of the school academic teams, as well as the school’s basketball, tennis, field hockey and ice hockey teams. The only thing that wasn’t perfect about Margot, it seemed, was her significant other, Drake.

Drake Wright was just…different. He didn’t have many friends, and the ones he did have were rude and obnoxious. Not that Drake was ever rude or obnoxious; he was a gentleman, especially when Margot or Meg as he called her was around. Drake was tall, at 6 foot 1 inch, and was on the skinny side, weighting in at only about 140 pounds. However, he possessed the most beautiful colored eyes, a baby blue, that seemed to have Margot melt before him without much effort on his part. He also had thin hair, which he kept kind of short, and it was a dusty straw-color. 

Drake and Margot met somewhere back near first or second grade, she sat in front of him in class, and he stared calling her Meg. Once that happened, it was sort of natural, for them to gravitate to one another, and they quickly became friends. As they began to grow up, they became increasingly interested in each other on the boyfriend/girlfriend level. In freshmen year, Margot asked Drake to a dance, and from then on, they were seen as a package deal, nearly inseparable. 

One thing that Drake loved even more than his Meg was his racing. Countless hours of his spare time were spent tweaking his racecars, and during these escapades, he nearly ignored Margot. She didn’t mind, really, mostly due to the fact she had a passionate love for racing all her own. Some of her fondest memories of high school were watching Drake race at a few local dirt tracks, or cuddling with him on the couch, on rainy days watching the professional NASCAR drivers race. 

It was during one of these cuddling seasons that the legendary “What do you want to do after high school” question was asked by Margot.

“I mean, I know you love racing, but is that what you want to do forever?” she asked. “As long as I possibly can, was his reply, I’m thinking about going to a racing school in North Carolina after high school, then going as fast as I can into NASCAR. But what about you, Meg?”

“Well, I kind of wanted to go to M.I.T. for a bachelor’s degree in engineering, and well…you know how much I have always loved space and all, so I figured the best thing for me to do as a career was to become an astronaut.” Margot said. Slowly, the fact that if Margot was an astronaut, and he was a racecar driver they couldn’t be together, dawned on Drake. But instead of commenting on it, he just shrugged his shoulders, and told Margot that an astronaut was a great career for her. He would worry about it later; after all, it was only freshmen year. 

He inhaled deeply, smelling the wonderful smell of lilacs that he had long associated with his Meg. His thoughts then drifted to something they seemed to be drifting to a lot now a days…Meg without all those preppy clothes she wore. Yep, he really wanted to “get to know her better” but he knew that with Margot, the rule is if you have to ask, it would never happen. She had told him just a few weeks ago that she was totally sticking to her goal of getting married as a virgin, and nothing he or anyone else could say would break this bond with God that she had set. Stupid God, Drake thought, but if she wanted to be that way, he could wait.

High school dragged on, as it always does, and Drake and Margot were even known to their teachers as the “Dream Team” due to the fact they were always together. They each excelled in what they wanted to do, Drake in racing, and Margot in everything else. Senior year rolled around, and Margot was valedictorian, but the thing that both of the couples were dreading was the day they got their acceptance letters to their individual schools.

Drake got his first. He was so excited; he drove over to Margot’s house, absolutely thrilled. Margot was thrilled for him as well, with his grades, she had private doubts weather he would be accepted or not. They went out to celebrate, but somehow, with the arrival of that letter, something else happened in their relationship. There was a rift there, but they didn’t talk about it, out of sight out of mind, hopefully. Then, the day came that Margot got her acceptance letter to M.I.T. Drake told her flat outright after congratulating her that he didn’t think she should go, and asked her to marry him. She was outraged, he was so inconsiderate. She flatly refused his proposal, and didn’t speak to him until three months later, at graduation. 

“Here, this is yours, and I can’t believe I’m saying this, but goodbye, Drake, I love you and I will miss you, but goodbye.” Margot said with a tear in her eye, and handed Drake back the class ring he had gotten in freshmen year and she had been wearing ever since.

“No, babe, you keep it, really, and I swear by all that is holy, I love you too, but…well, I guess this is goodbye…I will keep in contact though, ok?” was his reply, as he placed the ring so elegantly on her finger. Her only reply was shedding a tear, and without looking back, walked away. Drake, despite all of his efforts, shed a tear of his own at the sight of his little babe walking away from him for more than likely the last time. 

**********Six Years Later************ “Check the machine, while you’re in there, will you? And grab one of my flight suits, I have to go, I’m going to be late!!” screamed Margot Smith over the din of a baby’s cry. Oh, no, it wasn’t her baby. No, at the age of twenty-four, Margot was still as single as ever. 

The six-month old baby belonged to her roommate, Zack Markus. Zack was twenty-seven, about six foot tall, and had dark hair; dark eyes, and was African-American. He worked with Margot as an astronaut for NASA. Since his break up with his ex-wife, he was gay though, so Margot loved being his roommate since they could pick out clothes, accessories, and styles together. 

Zack didn’t reply, but he walked into Margot’s room to grab a suit for her. He cast a weary eye around, the place was a pig’s sty, as usual, she was such a slob, but she still rocked. He grabbed one of the six light blue flight suits that were lying all over the room, and headed out to the kitchen to check the answering machine.

“My God, Margot, come in here, you have to hear this,” was what he yelled just after he finished hearing the message on the machine. 

“What’s so important”, Margot asked, while handing baby Nick, who was half white, to Zack and taking the flight suit to slip into.

“Just listen to the message,” David said, with a look of awe aimed at her. Puzzled, Margot pressed the button with her freshly manicured nail. The voice that she heard had not met her ears in four years. It said:

Hello, Meg this is Drake Wright. As you might know, I have a good job as a racecar driver here at D.E.I., and we are in need of two good aerospace engineers. Well, as far as I can tell, you and Mr. Markus meet the bill. So what do you think? I’m offering you the position of head aerospace engineer and fabricator, what do you think? Well, call me with a date that a few people from D.E.I. and I can come and meet with you two in Texas, ok? God, It was difficult to track you down, can’t wait to see you again…well, bye, Meg.”

Margot’s hand shook, as she withdrew it from the machine, her skin abnormally white, and her eyes wide with what can only be described as amazement. 

Then, Zack asked tentatively, “what do you think, I mean, you know NASA has been boring both of us, and you love racing, I’m up for it if you are…are you?” Margot wandered absentmindedly into the living room and sat on the couch.

Wow, she thought to herself, I can’t believe it, a chance to work with Matt! But would it work? She didn’t know, but she was eager to find out. Zack, on the other hand, was a little hesitant, but he knew Margot was still in love with the Matt Wright he had heard so much about. After all, he would probably be the only African-American working with the entire race team, but as long as Margot came with him; he knew he and little Nick had nothing to worry about.

Margot, after a second of thought, answered Zack with, “yes, I think I would like to do it, but I call dibs on NOT calling them back! Besides, I’m late, you do it, Ha!” And with that, she scurried out the door, but the huge smile on her face showed her true feelings. The next Tuesday they were to meet in their apartment, two executives with D.E.I., Zack, Drake, and Margot. She was so excited, and she could hardly wait. 

Well, the day finally arrived. She was dressed in a conservative outfit of a khaki skirt at mid-thigh length, and a baby blue cotton spring shirt. She was a bundle of nerves as soon as she got up that morning, and the only thing that seemed to calm her down was caring for baby Nick, so she did all of his care that day.

The doorbell sounded, and she was in Zack and Nick’s room changing Nick. She let Zack show their guests in, and emerged carrying baby Nick like a shield. But the second her eyes fell upon the boy that she once knew that now was a man standing in front of her; she was caught completely off guard. He had buffed up a bit, not a lot, but still and he still had that straw-colored thin hair. As those baby blue eyes of Drake’s met Margot’s, she nearly melted right there.

“Hi, Meg, long time no see,” Drake said to her. He did a double take down her. Other than the baby she was carrying that was obviously she and this Zack fellow’s, she seemed perfect, just as he remembered her. Those wide hips and that curvy body…yep, that was his Meg all right.

Zack led the party to the living room and got them coffee as Margot put baby Nick down for his nap.

The meeting went quite well, and both Zack and Margot independently and truly wanted to go work for Drake’s company. Margot would be working above Zack, but Zack was eager to learn of all the aspects of racing. He had seen Margot staring at the television for hours on Sundays, just watching cars going around in a circle, and this was his chance to get addicted to the sport as well.

After the meeting, Drake held back as his colleagues left, and walked over to Margot, who was picking up the baby. 

“I’m sorry, if I…you know, got a little chummy with you during that meeting, Meg, I guess…well, I guess I just thought it was old time there for a minute. But he is a really beautiful baby!” Drake said to her. She was totally caught off guard at this statement.

“What?? Oh, no, baby Nick isn’t my baby I just live with Zack. He’s gay, so he has no interest in girls, so it rocks to live with him. I’m single, anyway,” was her reply, but she stuttered a bit on the last part, trying not to get her hopes up. It had indeed been a long time ago that they were referred to as the “Dream Team” in high school. 

Drake raised an eyebrow at the “single” part of her comment, and took a stab in the dark by saying, “well, do you…you know, want to go catch a movie or something?” He was apprehensive, and Margot knew him well enough to know that he was really putting himself out on the line to ask her out like that. A smile flashed across Margot’s face, no way was this happening! 

Her reply was, “sure, I’d love to, but we have to take baby Nick, Zack is already out for the evening, so just a second, I’ll go get my purse and his diaper bag.” She walked away, with the baby in her hands and that o-so-sexy grin on her face. Drake couldn’t believe his luck.

This was awesome! He had indeed let the perfection that was Meg slip through his fingers back in high school, but he had been young and stupid. Sure, after she had walked away, he had dated other girls. Especially when he had hit it big and began to compete in the higher levels of racing. Then the girls flocked to him. But every time he seemed to date one, no matter what type of girl she was, he would always think of Meg. Even when he was pounding her with his eight-inch cock, he would look up to her face, and some how, every single girl reminded him of Meg.

But this was his second chance, his resurrection; he wouldn’t let her slip away so easily this time, especially since they were going to be working together! At that moment, Margot came out of one of the back rooms, ready to go so they departed. They caught a comedy movie; Drake remembered that they were Meg’s favorite. Afterwards, Drake bought ice cream for he and Meg. Drake had the bright idea to share some of Meg’s ice cream with baby Nick, so by the time they got to Zack and Meg’s apartment, the baby was covered in ice cream. But they had a huge laughing fit watching him drool down the ice cream. That was something they could always do together, laugh. 

Drake sat in the living room, while Margot went into the bathroom and cleaned Nick up, and slipped him into Zack’s room quietly due to the fact Zack was already asleep.

Margot came back to find Drake with a huge grin on his face, which puzzled her. However, she slipped onto the couch next to him, and gently let her body cuddle up to Drake’s, realizing for the first time how much she missed cuddling with him. As her head found that familiar spot on Drake’s neck, she nuzzled him lovingly. 

“Meg, babe, you have no idea how much I missed you, I mean I was desperate to get just a glimpse of you, that’s why I proposed you to be my new aerospace engineer and fabricator. I am just glad they said you were perfect for the job!” said Drake, lovingly as he ran his fingers through Margot’s hair.

“I have missed you just as much, trust me, when I lost contact with you, I was so upset. I can’t believe I let you go! But this time, it won’t be so easy for you to get away, baby,” cooed Margot. As Drake let his fingers wind down her body, he asked her in a tentative voice, 

“Meg, babe, are you still a…” and he trailed off, not knowing how to phrase what he wanted to ask her. But she knew him well enough to know exactly what he was thinking so she finished his sentence for him,

“A virgin? Yes, I told you I would wait, and I have.” At this comment, Margot looked up at Drake. Drake had the most loving look on his face, his eyes were soft, and he reached over to give his Meg a well-deserved hug of appreciation. At that, Margot leaned in and gave him a slight peck on the lips. It was tentative, due to the fact they had not kissed in over six years.

But soon, each of them warmed up to the other one, and began to gently make out, just like old times. With his Meg so close, Drake could smell the sweet nectar of lilacs that she always smelled of with amazing precision, and it was driving him mad. Margot them stood up and gently took Drake by the fingertips, leading him to her room in the back of the apartment. Drake let out an audible awe. Margot was always extremely good at interior decorating, and her bedroom was astounding. The walls were black, giving the room an eerie but sexy effect, and there was a slight dusting of stars across the walls. Her queen-sized bed was in the middle of the room, sporting dark red satin sheets. 

The room, Drake noticed, smelled just like fresh-cut lilacs. Her signature piece of furniture, chairs in the shape of eggs were in the corner. Drake smiled, as Margot lead him past the bed, and to the black and red egg chair. He sat down, and pulled Margot down with him, setting her on his lap. He then gently began to caress her lips and necks, letting his hands explore her body.

“Babe, I know you have been waiting a long time for some real action, and I’m sorry, but I stick to what I told you in high school, but what would you say to a nice blow job,” Margot asked in a quiet but innocent voice while giving Drake a loving look. Drake raised an eyebrow, with a surprised look on his face. In all of the time he had spent with Margot over the years, she had never said anything so amazingly stimulating to him! Drake went instantly hard.

His reply to her offer was, “would you babe, would you seriously do that?” Instead of an answer, she slipped of his t-shirt and started to lick Drake’s lips & kiss him softly. She then began to kiss his neck & ear, trailing a line with her tongue down to his nipples. 

“You love it when I kiss, lick & suck on your nipples, don't you?” Asked Margot, but Drake was too preoccupied to answer her. Margot began to nip it with her teeth and she sucked on it like she was a baby and Drake’s beautiful nipple was the bottle. All this gets action was getting Drake really hard & the precum started to ooze from the tip of his cock. 

Drake slipped his jeans off, and in a quick movement, his boxers went off with them. So Margot licked the precum off the tip of his dick and savored it for just a moment before moving on. Then she started teasing him by licking his shaft all over, up and down, and in circles, but avoid the head. Margot then began to lick under the ridge of the head, but does not take the head in her mouth. 

Just to be a little tease, Margot licked all the way down to the base of his shaft and took Drake’s balls into her mouth, one at a time & sucked on them softly. She took both of his balls in her mouth and she gave a smile when she got some more pre-cum for a reward. Next Margot gently engulfed Drake in his entirety into her mouth, deep-throating him ever so slowly at first, but then she continued mounting with intensity. Drake moaned, due to the sheer ecstasy of being buried to the hilt in his little Meg’s mouth. 

Then, Margot started to move towards the top of his member and sucked on it gently until she let almost all of Drake out of her mouth. She started to lick the head again, probing his penis with her wet tongue in a sensual way that really turned him on. She licked his shaft, and cupped his balls in her free hand while she took all of him in her mouth again and then she began to concentrate on the top of his dick. Margot moved slowly at first then quickened the speed, using her hand at the base of his shaft. She started to move her hand up & down in pace with her mouth, giving him a hand job and blow job at the same time, exciting Drake even more. 

Unable to contain himself any more, Drake let loose and he shot his wad all at once. Margot doesn’t seem to mind, in fact, it looks as though she loves the taste. After Drake had shot his warm man-juices all down Margot’s throat, Drake couldn’t believe she had drained him so well. Never before had he had such an amazing blowjob. Drake looked down at his amazing little Meg just as she finished swallowing all of his hot cum. “Oh, baby, I love you so much,” Drake said. Knowing his little Meg was totally worn out and denying his now semi-hard cock what it really wanted, he gently picked her up, and carried her to the satin-clad bed. 

Cuddling up next to Drake, the last thing Margot remembered before she fell asleep was the feeling of true ecstasy that was flowing in her veins, and one single word kept echoing in her head. 
