 "It's been such a long time," he said as they parted from the embrace. "I've missed you."

"I know. It feels like forever," she agreed. The only reason they were even together now was because she was in town for a business convention. She had been to the city in the past for various reasons, but there was always an excuse not to look him up. If they were to make plans together, circumstances and time would have to allow for anything that may happen when they were reunited. Until now, their paths hadn't crossed for five years.

The old friends took their seats at the balcony table overlooking the harbor. They shared a leisurely meal catching up on the past several years, during which their correspondence had been limited to sparse electronic communications. Afterwards, the pair caught a cab to his apartment. She was sharing a hotel room for the convention, so the promise of privacy at his place was naturally more attractive.

True privacy was a luxury they had never previously enjoyed. Their past romantic trysts had always been hurried, knowing they had to be cut short or easily concealed in the event of discovery. Truth be told, they had never actually made love; their few passionate moments did not amount to much more than heavy petting in their college years. Their friendship had always been dappled with sexual tension; however, due to career paths and relationships taking them in different directions, they had resigned themselves to friendship status, awkward words and moments notwithstanding. But...tonight was different. Over dinner it was revealed that neither of them had any romantic partners or prospects on the horizon. The two of them being simultaneously unattached was something that had not occurred in the entire decade that had passed since they had shared their last kiss.

She found herself a bit more excited by this news than she expected. She arranged this meet-up prepared for anything -- or nothing -- to happen. She was eager to catch up with her old friend all the same, even if she found him married and happy by now. On the other hand, her mind had certainly considered more titillating possibilities. After all, she was no longer a nervous teenage virgin, and memories of him had occasionally taken the stage in her self-pleasuring fantasies over the years. In all honesty, they had sometimes even crept into her mind during sex with a partner. She wondered if the same thoughts ever went through his mind as well.

In light of this new opportunity, she found herself taking greater interest in the physical changes in him. She couldn't help but notice the sharper cut of his jawline and the improvements to his physique from five years before, visible even through his button-up shirt and khakis. He was of average height, slim but muscular, with broad shoulders and a slim waist and hips. She had always found him attractive but the last few years had obviously treated him very well and she found it difficult not to let her eyes linger away from his as they spoke.

She had prepared for this evening fraught with possibility, and made sure to look great for the night out. She wore a blouse that showed a tiny hint of cleavage, a flared knee-length skirt, and cute heels. The outfit was comfortable and respectable enough to be worn with a cardigan for all the air-conditioned meetings during the day, but it also made her look and feel confident and sexy. Not for the business meetings, she also wore a matching bra and panties set -- just in case, of course.

When they arrived at his apartment, he took her into his arms for another hug, the nature of which she attempted to gauge. It seemed to linger a bit longer than a normal friendly hug, but really, almost every hug they had ever shared in their years of friendship came with some unspoken conversation.

"Something to drink?" he asked, breaking her contemplation. He strode to the refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of dessert wine, holding it up in question. She nodded and smiled to herself, wondering if he was also hoping for a more 'exciting' evening. She wasn't positive, but she doubted too many men in their twenties, albeit the later ones, had bottles of fancy dessert wine chilled and standing at the ready in the fridge.

She was not planning to get drunk, but a glass or two would at least calm her nerves. She had fantasized so many times about how this evening might go, but she didn't honestly expect it to even get this far. Really, she thought, having a glass of wine with an old friend is not "far" by anyone's definition, but that didn't keep the butterflies out of her stomach.

He handed her a glass and she followed him to sit on the couch. He sat in the middle seat, which she chose to interpret as confirmation that something physical would indeed take place. They talked and laughed more freely without a balcony full of other diners around. It was wonderful to know that even after so long, they could fall right back into their comfort zones with each other. They had always clicked so well, which was great in the friendship; however, the mutual physical attraction was what had always complicated things in the past. As if on cue, with a little more wine in him, she noticed his eyes roaming on more than just her face, though still attempting not to be caught in the act.

When did he become so shy about this type of thing? she thought. In the past, he was always the one who made the first move, even when she sorely wanted to do it herself. He had even awkwardly confessed feelings of desire to her in the past while she was in a committed relationship, a situation with a guaranteed outcome of rejection. She had no idea what was holding him back now, but she decided that for once, she would make the first move.

Emboldened by the wine, she stood, took the glass from his hand, and set both of their drinks on the table. She turned to face him and looked down into his dark eyes, which showed no signs of reservation. She reached down to rest her fingertips lightly against his jawline, leaned in closer to his upturned face, and planted a soft kiss on his parted lips. She pulled back slightly to measure his reaction, and his smoldering, half-lidded eyes and suspended breath only encouraged her to continue.

She kissed him again, harder. Their tongues reacquainted and the kiss grew in passion as they wrapped their arms around each other. He put his legs between hers and gently pulled her down to the couch so she was resting on her knees, straddling him. She eagerly explored his once-familiar mouth as he brought his hands underneath her full skirt, sliding them up her smooth thighs and stopping to grip her firm behind. She moaned lightly into his mouth and her hands began to survey the taut musculature she had been discreetly eying over dinner. He moved his hands around to her hips and smoothly guided her body down to settle firmly and more comfortably against his growing excitement. His thumbs grazed the sensitive spot connecting her thigh to the rest of her, and she shuddered.

She parted the kiss to unbutton his shirt. As she removed the fabric from his hot skin, she followed the material with her mouth, leaving a trail of kisses along his neck and shoulder. His hands resurfaced from underneath her skirt, and settled on her waist. He slowly slid her blouse up and over her head. With her arms still tangled in the shirt above her head, he paused for a moment to bestow ardent kisses upon her collarbone and the tops of her ample breasts. His hands, of course, were still free to glide along the silkiness of her newly exposed skin, creating goosebumps wherever they roamed. She could easily wiggle out of the bind, but being at his mercy in such a vulnerable position aroused her in a primal way, and she could feel her nipples tightening with pleasure. He relieved her of the constraints of the blouse and pulled her in for a feverish kiss. As he probed her mouth with his eager tongue, his strong arms held her so tight against him that it was almost painful. It brought back a pleasant wave of nostalgia.

Despite her being of average build and shorter than average height, he had been the first man who had ever made her feel dainty and feminine in his arms. She had never been a large woman, but she was built solid with strong limbs, though these traits were supplemented with womanly curves. The feeling wasn't as pervasive as she got older and stopped dating scrawny college guys, but she always remembered how it felt to be held by him - to feel like a woman, sexy and alive.

Stirred even more by the recollection, she arched her back and pressed her breasts even harder against his bare chest. He slipped her bra straps off her shoulders and rained kisses all over her shoulders and neck. He reached around to her back and unclasped her bra. He drew it down her arms, exposing her swollen breasts and taut nipples. He wet his lips and lowered his head to cover each breast with his hot kisses, taking each erect tip between his lips and caressing it with his agile tongue, teasing the unattended nipple with his fingers. Her breathing quickened, and she lowered her head, bringing her lips against his ear and purred, "Take me to bed".

He did not have to be told twice. He arranged his arms under her thighs, stood up, and effortlessly carried her to the bedroom. He gently laid her on the bed, and, in typical male fashion, managed to remove the rest of his clothing before she had fully unzipped her skirt. After assisting in the removal of her skirt and shoes, he slid his hands up her shapely legs, starting at her ankles and ending at the waistband of her panties. He slowly did the same in reverse, this time with the panties in tow. He made the journey once more, this time using his lips and tongue to trace a line from ankle to inner thigh on one leg. He lightly ran his tongue along the crevices that connected her thighs to her body, and teased her drenched womanhood with his hot breath.

She bucked her hips in an effort to meet his mouth, but he evaded her attempts. He lightly flicked his tongue against her slit, adding to her desperation. After a minute or so of this exquisite torture, he thrust his tongue firmly into her wetness, then dragged it up slowly to finally encircle it around her engorged hood. She writhed underneath his hungry mouth and could not believe anything could ever feel this good. He reached a hand up to stroke one of her rigid nipples, sending a delicious wave through her body. She could no longer stand the wait; it was time to -- finally -- have him inside her.

She reached down to run her fingers through his hair, and tugged ever so gently to imply it was time for him to surface. He rose and positioned himself above her, pressing his entire naked body against hers for the first time, his throbbing member resting against her slick entrance. He cradled her head in his hands and kissed her tenderly on the forehead, cheeks, and nose. He gazed at her with wondering eyes, and she answered with a slight rock of the hips and a barely audible "yes" against his ear. She lightly bit down on the lobe and he shuddered in response. He rubbed the tip of his stiff manhood against her opening, then slowly inserted it. He slid in with ease due to her extreme state of arousal, and a soft moan escaped his lips as he buried himself inside her.

Their lovemaking started slow, then worked up to a near frenzied pace, the years of denial erupting with unbridled passion. Neither of them could say what the future held, but that would have to wait until tomorrow, for nothing could ruin this incredible night. They clung tightly to each other as they rocked, their tongues colliding in sync with his plunging down below. She raked her nails down his back as he nibbled her ears, neck, and shoulders.

He rose up onto his hands to gain a better angle and view of the situation. She caressed his chest and abdomen with one hand, and her own with the other. His eyes widened with excitement as she cupped one of her own breasts and lightly flicked the nipple with her thumb. She slowly trailed her hand down her body and found her hot spot. As she massaged herself, she could tell he had to work to hold back his own arousal to keep from ending the evening prematurely. He leant down and began encircling one of her nipples with his tongue. She threw her free arm over her head and arched her back to give him easier access. Within seconds, her body wracked with pleasure and she cried out from the intensity of the orgasm. It felt like it lasted a whole minute, and it was so powerful she barely noticed that he also peaked during her spasms.

Their movement slowed, and he lowered himself to kiss her again. She wrapped her arms around his neck and held him tight against her, feeling his pounding heartbeat against hers. They stayed that way until their breathing and pulses returned to normal, and all she could whisper was, "Finally."