 He'd been mingling, like his promoter had wanted, a ginger ale in his hand at all times. His best bud, Nick was still at their table, flirting with the twenty somethings. His face hurt from the fake smile he kept putting on. A flash of deep, vibrant mahogany caught his eye and he followed it to the bar.

As he moved to stand beside her, he bumped into the man on his right. He turned to apologize and met the hazel eyes of Phelan Nash.

"Hey, sorry man." He murmured, holding his hand out, palm up.

"No problem, Kian."

"I wasn't sure if you remembered."

"I remembered. You're kind of hard to forget. It was, sometimes, as if you were in the room."

"I honestly don't know what to say to that."

"You don't need to say anything. It's between Dari and me. Have you gotten her back yet?"

"Not yet."

"I'm surprised." Phelan said with a disbelieving snort.

"What do you mean?"

"She is so completely in love with you, I figured she'd jumped instantly back into your arms... and your bed."

"You really didn't get to know her, did you?"

"She kept a lot to herself. I wasn't going to pry."

"Then she never really trusted you enough." When Phelan turned, his eyes angry, Kian continued. "If she trusted you, or anyone at that time, she'd have told you any and everything. I destroyed an awful lot in her life. In our life. I'm sorry Phelan but you only glimpsed her treasure."

"You did at that." Phelan sighed, sipping his scotch. "And then I fucked her over myself. Harshly."

"Do I even...?"

"She caught me in bed with twins. She'd come to surprise me and ended up being surprised."

"That was harsh."

"She wouldn't let you go, man." Phelan gestured with his drink. "I'd find her crying sometimes, with a book in her hands. She was out one day and I opened the book, found a dried out bouquet of flowers. She wouldn't talk about it. Asked me to leave it alone, but I couldn't. We fought about it, often. I got mad, really mad. Crazy. I knew she'd come sometime and I took the twins anyway."

"Key, you're supposed to be mingling." Nick said over his shoulder.

"Nick, Phelan Nash. Phelan, Nick Thomas."

"Nice to meet you, Nick."

"You too, Mr. Nash. Key, get moving. The vulture is hovering. Sorry, Mr. Nash, Kian's gotta circulate or he's going to be blacklisted forever."

"No problem, Nick. Kian? I wish you the very best of luck in everything. Especially with Dari." Phelan held out his hand to shake. Kian grasped it firmly, pumped it twice.

"Thanks, Phelan. I'll need it." He said before moving on to continue circulating, Nick at his side.

"That's her Phelan Nash?"

"Was her Phelan Nash. Damn, Nick, I do believe I'm fucked."

"Why? What'd he do? Fuck around on her?"

"Yeah, he did. With twins."

"Lucky fucker...I mean fucking bastard." Nick said, shaking his head, as they wandered close to another knot of so called important people.

"Actually, those were my first thoughts too, but then I realized, she might not trust anyone...ever again."

"You never cheated on her."

"No, I didn't. I did worse." Kian replied before engaging the three moguls from two other recording companies.

Another two hours and he and Nick were on their way up to Kian's hotel room.

"My face fucking hurts." Kian groaned as he opened the door.

"I don't know how you do it, brother."

"I don't have much choice if I want to work."

"Your heartbreak songs are a bit..."

"Shut up."

"What? I was going to say too fucking sad, you asshole."

"Well, fuck you. I've been pretty sad lately. I write what I feel."

"Y'think she's heard it yet?"

"No idea but, I hope so. Might help me, if she has."

His whiskey voice faded out, the last note hung in the air before the deejay began their announcements. A joy I couldn't fathom raced through me.

'He's telling me, and the rest of the world, he's heartbroken. My Key. Does this tell me the apology I accepted is sincere? Does this mean he's serious? Do these words that have thawed my heart completely, truly come from his heart? That song is going to skyrocket. He said everything right. Everyone who hears it is going to feel it. Everyone has felt it.' I thought, pressing my fingertips to my eyes, feeling the now cooling tear tracks with surprise. "Still making me cry, Key, really?" I said out loud.

"Dear heavens, what's the man done now?" Keelan groused as she carried in my mail.

"Let me play it for you." I said swiping at my phone's screen. In seconds, his voice came crooning from the speaker. Keelan listened with her eyes closed, swaying a little with the heartbeats of the song.

"He's got such a beautiful voice."

"He does." I sighed.

"And a wonderful talent to get you to feel what he's singing about."

"That he does." I sighed again, listening to him, to my heart thundering in my chest.

"He'll be on Scot's show tonight."

"Really?"

"I just heard the commercial downstairs."

"I'm gonna have to watch, just to see what those two get up to. They always made me laugh."

Hours later, I lay snuggled under my covers, Keelan beside me with her sleepy tea, waiting through Scot's other two guests for Kian's appearance. After the commercial break, the camera caught him. A single spotlight highlighted him as he perched sexily on a stool, his hands caressing his guitar. By the third line of his song, I was streaming tears. Every word, every note rang my heart dry. Through my tears and the TV screen, I met his eyes. I saw his heart there. After he finished, he sat beside Scot, shaking his hand. Once he was comfortable, Scot began.

"Kian, it's been a while."

"It has been."

"Lots going on in your life lately."

"Yeah, you could say that." Kian nodded.

"That's a new one?"

"Yeah, it is."

"Kinda sad."

"Yeah, I've been pretty sad for a while." Kian admitted with a shrug.

"Dari still out on her own?" I perked up on my pillows.

"I guess so." "Miss her?"

"Very much." Kian answered with a scant glance at the camera.

"You're such a dumb ass, y'know?"

"That I do. And yes, I am."

"Fine. Now, my friend, tell me about this." Scot said, a picture flashing up on the screen. Kian and Phelan. I bolted up from my pillows with a gasp.

"That was a couple of weeks ago at the company schmooze fest."

"Were you commiserating? Since both of you lost an amazing woman. Couple of ijits, if you ask me." I had to remember to send him an edible arrangement.

"No." Kian answered simply, his eyebrow cocked as he gazed at Scot.

"Comparing notes?" Scot teased. "Not that you've ever been one to kiss and tell."

"No, nothing like that."

"No blows were thrown, I do know that. You can be a gentleman when you want to."

"Not a one. I know she wouldn't want that. For either of us." I heard him answer softly.

"I'd like to throw a few... at both of you though." I growled at the TV.

"Ssshhh." Keelan shushed.

"Has she spoken to you?" I heard Scot ask.

"A little bit."

"Aaaand?" Scot drawled.

"Aaand, I'm hoping."

"Hoping? These songs aren't hopeful, pal, they're heart wrenchingly sad."

"We've only been talking a little while. There's a couple others on the album that are."

"Then sing me one of those!" Scot demanded with his toothsome smile. "We've got time." Kian gracefully rose from the couch and took the stool again.

He sang of our memories. He sang of the springtime of our relationship and how he'd do all that the same. He sang of hand-picked, wildflower bouquets, still saved between the pages of a book. He sang of his hope to have me back with him.

"Oh Key, that's beautiful!" I whispered, my foolish heart thumping madly.

"Dari, I..." he began, swallowed, "...I miss you." I heard the studio audience say "aww" even as Keelan did beside me.

"Oh, I miss you too my love."

Nick shut off the TV, shutting off Scot's closing monologue.

"Nothing like announcing it on global television for groveling." Nick said tossing the remote onto the tabletop.

"I couldn't help myself."

"Think she saw it?"

"Maybe." Kian answered as his phone rang. He looked at the screen, seeing her picture filling it, filling him with hope. He showed it to Nick, who smiled.

"Hello?"

"Hey Key." Her voice sounded rough, like she'd recently been crying.

"Hey sweetness. What's up?" 'Keep it light. Keep her talking. God, I've missed hearing her.'

"I just saw you with Scot."

"Did you now?"

"I did. I love the new songs." She said, her voice a soft purr."Hang on a second, love and let me get someplace quieter." He said, rising from the couch and heading into his bedroom. He sat on his bed, leaning back on the headboard. "I'm glad you like them."

"That picture of you and Phelan?"

"Yeah?" he waited for her to continue.

"Did...did you...like him?" she sputtered out.

"Not particularly. A little too arrogant. Self-absorbed, I thought."

"Said I never got over you, right?" she sneered.

"Yeah." He waited again for her to snarl something, anything. When she didn't, he added, "He said that he felt that you brought me with you everywhere."

"He would."

"He also told me what he did."

"Did he now? The twins?"

"Yes, he did. And why. And I'm so sorry he hurt you like that."

"So am I. Kind of."

"Kind of?"

"Yeah." Again, he waited for her to continue. "He was right."

"He was?" Kian asked.

"He is right."

"You still have the wildflowers from Scotland."

"I do."

"Dari, where are you right now?"

"Atlanta. I'll be leaving first thing in the morning." She yawned.

"For where?"

"Key, please, wait."

"Sweetness..."

"Please."

"Alright." He sighed. "I'll wait."

Two weeks later, he was asleep in another lifeless hotel room. Nick had gone back to the ranch a week ago and Kian was still going strong without his guidance and support. A warm body slid against his waking him with a start.

"Who the...?"

"It's just me." Her voice rose in the darkness. His arms slid around her, yanking her to him, holding onto her for dear life. He breathed her in, her shampoo, her lavender scented skin, the warm musk rising between them.

"Dari? What are..." was as far as he got. She attacked his mouth voraciously, nipping and kissing. Her hands slid over his skin, over his chest and around his shoulders, clutching herself tighter around him. Her leg slid over his hip, pressing her blazing heat to his thigh, her damp snatch slick on his skin.

His hand slid down over her smooth, silken ass cheek, finding her slickness easily, stroking along her thickening lips. His cock was instantly hard and aching to sink into her, aching to feel her cunt clamping down on his shaft. He growled into her mouth and she pulled his hair, bit his lip. His hand on her back stroked firmly up her spine, palming her shoulder holding her tight against him as he slid his other fingers into her wet pussy.

She groaned into his mouth, hummed as she gently sucked his tongue. His cock throbbed, jealous of the treatment his tongue was receiving and pulsed forcefully against her lower belly. Her fingers slid down his chest, stroking through his fur as she followed it down his belly and down to his cock, where they wrapped around the base of his shaft, lightly stroking to his head. She shifted her hip and he slid inside her silken slippery hole.

"Dari." He groaned, burying his face into her neck, holding her still, holding himself still, letting these waves of pleasure roll over him. He could feel a deep healing with every second. He rolled her over, settling deeper into the cradle of her hips. He felt her fingertips clutching at his shoulder, his hip, felt her long legs entwining in his. He felt her cunt quivering along every inch of his shaft, felt that greedy little button wake and start mooching at his dick tip. "God, I've missed you."

"Show me." She whispered, rubbing her cheek against his, threading her fingers into his hair. Her hips rose, fell, ground against his in a rhythm he could follow easily. Slow. In. Grind. Out. His hands caressed her from her strong shoulders, over her amazing breasts and down her ribcage and back up. His mouth tasted and nuzzled her neck, her shoulders, sating a hunger that has been buried deep. He felt her slithering against him, with him, felt her rising heat, felt her wetness grow slick and juicy with every steady stroke. A hum, a moan came from her as his hips sped up, as his hands grew firm, then rough.

"Mine. Mine. Always, mine." He snarled as his hips flexed and slammed, as his hands lifted and held. Kneaded. Stroked. Her fingers in his hair dragged his mouth to hers, he knew to shut him up. He devoured her, thrusting maniacally, feeling the ripples, the clamping up and down his shaft, feeling her bow up beneath him as she rode this first wave.

He gazed down at her face, seeing her eyes open but hazed with pleasure, seeing the rose blush rising in her cheeks, seeing her mouth forming his name, hearing her say it over and over, husky and soft, with every thrust. Her fingers tugged and gripped, stroked slowly over his back, clutched tight at his ass cheek when another rolling wave crashed through her. He felt a power growing in her, saw the change in her eyes, in her snarling lips, bared teeth.

Her body erupted beneath his, her arms tightened around him, much stronger than her slight frame should have, her fist in his hair pulled tight enough to bring tears to his eyes. He felt her push to roll them and let it carry him onto his back, her legs shifting swiftly. Her mouth went on a rampage, nipping and licking at his ear, his cheek, her hips pistoning steadily, angrily. Her teeth dragging along his jaw, sinking deep into his neck muscle, sharp, instantaneous, before her lips closed over it, sucked, swirled her tongue over it. He let a soft groan loose.

Her head snapped up, her hips stilled. Her eyes blazed, hazel and hazed over, flashing. Her wild smile made him wonder if he could withstand her. He knew this primal woman, but now, she was angry. Fury personified. He hoped he could survive her. Her hand slid up his ribs, soft, smooth, over his chest, coming to cup his jaw, her fingertips swirling over his cheek.

Her hand drew back, slapped him with enough force to rock his head. So did the second. The third was a fist that had him tasting blood. His eyes flashed to hers, seeing the swirling anger, the battle raging inside her. His hands slid gently over her hips, holding lightly, didn't think she even noticed. A tear spilled down her cheek to plop warmly on his chest. Her closed hand rose again, hovered, shook.

"Key." She whispered hoarsely before she crumpled down to his chest, tears falling like rain, her arms holding onto him as the sobs tore through her. His heart twisted inside him, hearing her wails, hearing her purging all the pain he'd caused. His hands slid up her back, held her as her heaving chest slowed, as her tears cooled on his skin. "I can't hurt you. I really wanted to... but if I started I wouldn't have been able to stop."

"You would've..."

"No, I don't think I could've. Not even if I drew blood."

"You did. In a couple of spots." He admitted, his voice gentle, soft. Slowly, she raised her face to meet his eyes, to see the small trails down his cheek, the thicker one along his throat.

"Key..."

"At least she didn't break any bones this time." He tried a smile, his fingers gently tucking her hair behind her ear. Her hazel eyes a little sad, a little worried, and for the first time since he saw her, he saw fear. His fingertips traced the line of her jaw, around her still trembling mouth. "Sweetness..."

"But I'm not." She whispered, her voice ragged and soft. "Key, I'm so very broken. She's proof."

"She is not all of you."

"She scares me now."

"She scares me too. She is how you're handling everything I did to you."

"Not just you."

"We'll leave him out of this, for now. You came to me. Tell me why and I know it wasn't to whack the shit out of me."

She sighed heavily, her chest hiccupping.

"I needed to be with you. I wanted to be with you. I ached to be with you." She admitted, her eyes fixed somewhere on his chest. He lifted her chin with a gentle fingertip until she met his eyes. She sighed again. "You heal me, make me whole." A shudder rippled through her.

"You love me." She continued. "And I...I...I still love you."

"We'll..."

"Key, just love me."

"Always, my sweetness. Always." He pulled her down to him, snuggling her warm and tight to him. Within minutes she was sound asleep and he lay beneath her wondering about his primal woman. Her fury made him realize just how much he, and Phelan, had damaged her and how long would it be to have her open and joyful self back again. Castigating himself and cursing Phelan, he dozed off.

He woke to feel her mouth trailing soft, moist kisses down his chest. Licks. Gentle, tender nibbles that traveled lower still. A swirl of her tongue. Her soft fingers wrapping around his stiffening shaft, stroking slow and steady. Her mouth, wet and warm surrounding the head of his cock, sliding down his shaft. Her amazing and talented tongue lapped around his head, making him even hotter, harder. When her throat closed around his shaft, he bit back a gasp, a groan. He didn't make a noise, he didn't dare.

Slowly, his fingers threaded through her hair, subtly guiding her, fucking her mouth. He could feel her purrs through his shaft as she voraciously devoured him. Her fingers rolling and massaging his balls as she swallowed him as deeply as she could.

"Dari, stop. Stop, love." He groaned harshly, using his palm to stop her before he came. Her mouth still made out with his dick tip, her tongue lapping along his ridge, driving him mad. "Dear woman, I love what you do to me but, let me show you something. Come up here."

Gently, he pulled her up his body, feeling her silken skin sliding warmly along his, feeling her body fitting to his, feeling a warm dribble as her hips settled above his. Her curves filled his hollows. He gazed up into her face, trailing his fingertips lightly over her eyebrows, along her cheekbones and around her full, succulent mouth.

In the scant moonlight, he could see her smile, soft and peaceful as his fingertips traced lower, seeing her shiver as he traced over her breasts.

"My amazing wife. I've missed you." He said softly, gently taking her mouth. Her body sank, relaxed onto him as she gave in to him, his kiss. His hands stroking leisurely down her back as his mouth traveled over her face, down her neck. Cradling her in his arms, he rolled over her, feeling her arms around his shoulders, her face in his neck. Slow, tortoise like slow, he licked and kissed his way down to her breasts, his hand stroking steadily over her shoulders, her ribcage, feeling those shivers continue with every motion.

"Kian." She breathed, her fingers sliding over his shoulders, through his hair again.

"Shhh, my love. Let me." He mumbled, his mouth closing over her nipple. Tasting its rosiness, he sucked hard, hearing her moan. His fingers found her other breast, palming its full weight, feeling her hard nipple rubbing his palm. His thumb rolled over it as his tongue swirled around its twin, another purring moan, a flare of heat against his belly. Her fingers in his hair cradled his skull as she gazed dazedly down at him.

He made her squirm, made her purring moans deepen into groans, almost snarls, made her gasp with every rub of his teeth, every squeeze of his fingertips. He could feel her, her legs wrapped in his, her hips wide and swiveling, rubbing hotly against his lower belly. He glanced up to her face, watching her mouth form the word 'please' over and over again.

He slid his hand beneath him, finding her fiery heat easily, finding her hole slick and sloppy and didn't hold back this groan.
