 I loved him like they do in movies. The angry, scared, passionate, anxious, intense, confusing, and absolute love that people long for. What we had was something that most people spend their entire lives looking for, so naturally, I broke up with him and almost destroyed everything.

What followed was some of the worst months of my life. 

For five months we would talk to each other daily and the conversations were heartbreaking. Joshua was confused and broken by what I had done to him. To us. Looking back it all feels so dramatic but it was truly the worst thing I have ever done. I risked a flawlessly beautiful relationship because of fear. 

When we were finally able to work things out, our reunion was beautiful. That is what this story is about. 

We had gone on several dates since we got back together. His smile had come back and I felt like a real person again. Our first kiss felt like breathing after holding your breath until the room was spinning. 

After about a week of being back together our sexual tension was building. It had been five months without being able to touch each other and connect. He knew every inch of my body and how to use it. Every kiss became more intense. More needy. 

I arrived at his house unannounced. He was laying in his bed watching Sports Center when I walked into his room. I could see the fire in his eyes when he realized what was happening. Joshua stood up from his bed and approached me. He lifted up his hand and stroked my face. My body began to relax at his touch and he walked me to his bed. 

Gently, he stripped off my shirt and laid me down on his bed. He looked like heaven standing above me in his checkered boxers. 6'3". Tan. Toned. Dark hair and dark eyes. He was perfect. I moaned softly as he lowered his body onto me. It had been months since I felt his weight pressing me into the bed. Joshua kissed me slowly and I melted into him. 

The kissing remained gentle and passionate for all of five minutes before something switched on in both of us. Suddenly his teeth were sinking into my lip and my nails scraped down his back. We both needed to remedy the fact that the last person I slept with was not him. 

Joshua unhooked my bra easily and began eagerly sucking on my nipples. I watched as he alternated between each breast. He was grinding his hard cock into my hip and I was begging him to get me out of my panties. I had gotten my hands between us and unbuttoned my pants. Soon they were on the floor and he was between my legs. 

White light flashed in my head when I felt his mouth latch onto my clit. He was skipping all gentle teasing and I could not of been more pleased. Joshua had always been amazingly talented with his mouth. Without warning he slid two fingers into me and my pussy welcomed him home. I moaned as he licked my clit and began to aggressively stroke my walls. He gave me a devilish look and bit down on my clitoris. I screamed in pleasure-pain and pulled his head harder to my pelvis. He licked his way down to my entrance and I lifted my ass off of the bed in an effort to force his tongue into me. Joshua grabbed onto my ass and began tongue-fucking me like he never had before.

"Fucking. Oh my. Oh. Fuck. Yeesssss. Shit. Oh my god. Josssssh. Oooooh. Baby. Fucking. Oh god. Oh god. Oh god. Please. Please fuck me. Please. Oh god." 

My body was building to orgasm when he stopped. He stood and stripped off his boxers. I stared, mesmerized by his perfect cock. He was definitely well-endowed. At least 7 inches and beautifully thick. I saw pre-cum dripping from his cock head and could not look away from the perfect sight. 

Joshua slowly aligned himself over me. The mood in the room had shifted. We were about to make love. He kissed me gently, tasting of my juices. I sighed into his mouth as I felt his shaft sliding through my labia. 

"Joshua. I love you. I am never leaving again," I said as I looked right into his eyes. 

"I love you too," he said and he slid home. My body responded by sucking his cock deep into me. I laughed in pure delight at being filled by him. He kissed me with renewed intensity and pulled his dick back out of me. Joshua had an amused look in his eyes at my pouting face and then rammed back into me. I gasped at the force of his thrust but my body responded by pushing even harder into him. 

He lifted my legs onto his shoulders and leaned down so he could kiss me while he pounded the shit out of me. The position had him in me so deep that it was borderline painful but all that I felt was relief to be fucking that perfect man. 

My vaginal walls continued sucking his cock deep into me as my orgasm began to build again. He swallowed my moans and gasps until he too was about to orgasm. Then I was on my stomach. 

He had pulled out and flipped me over. My face was buried in his pillow and my ass was up high. I jumped at the sensation of his cock head pressing on my unprepared asshole. His dick was lubricated only by my vaginal juices but I relaxed and the tip slowly began to fill my asshole. I cried out as he pushed deeper into my ass. The sensation is truly one that can only be understood through experience. 

Carefully, he pulled back a little and then my body surrendered as he forced his dick fully into my asshole. Tears filled my eyes from the pain spreading through my body but when he began to thrust I met him each time. My ass slapped back onto his pelvis with each thrust and he reached a hand forward and slid two fingers into my pussy. 

The feeling was absolutely overwhelming. I was full of him and my body responded very well. Juices began to flow out of my pussy and he used them to further lubricate his dick. The sounds coming from me were foreign to both of us. He had me screaming and groaning and moaning and begging and cursing all at the same time. Though he is typically very quiet during sex, he was cursing quietly at the intense sensation of my tight asshole pulling him deep into me. 

My entire body began to quiver as my orgasm built. Every sound became shaky and I was no longer meeting each thrust. My body was completely overcome by orgasm. My hands latched onto the sheets and my toes literally curled. I looked back and watched him fucking me through the orgasm. My vaginal walls had clamped around his fingers so intensely that he could not continue to move them. My asshole quivered through the release and every part of my body tensed until my juices squirted onto his hand and on the bed. 

"That's my good girl," he whispered as he wildly thrust his cock deeper. It was mere minutes before I felt his cock pulsing as he spilled his load deep into my asshole. 

He collapsed on top of me and we remained there for minutes. I felt his hot breath on my neck and his cock slowly softening in my asshole. He soon rolled over and I winced as his soft cock slipped out of me. Joshua wrapped his arm around my waist and kissed me gently. I sighed with absolute contentment and we remained there for the rest of the afternoon. It was a flawless reunion.