 How's it going? All is well here. I had my last day at work yesterday, glad to be part of the unemployed masses once again, although some more cash is sorely needed... Will start looking for a new job next week.

I promised you a story right? Well here you go... 

So I've come to visit you, and we are sitting in your apartment, all alone. We've been talking for hours, excited to see each other and with plenty to share, but then there's a lull in the conversation, and we stare into each others eyes. I lean forward as I reach up to run my hand through your hair, pulling your closer and closer to me. Our lips meet and we kiss long and slow, our lips just barely parting. 

Your tongue darts out, opening my lips to meet my tongue, and our kiss quickly becomes more urgent and passionate, our tongues exploring each other. I bite your lower lip gently as my hands run down your back, under your shirt and back up, tracing lines up your spine. 

Your hands are in my hair and you pull my head to the side, kissing my neck as my hands come around to your front, cupping your beautiful breasts and tracing little circles around your nipples. Your nipples quickly become hard, and I pinch your left nipple and in response you run your hands down my belly and over my crotch, rubbing my semi-erect cock through my pants. I starting moving in time with your hands, shifting my leg to rub against your clit, still hidden away beneath far too many layers of clothing. 

We both seem to sense this at the same time, and you start unbuttoning my pants (not the difficult ones this time!) as I pull your shirt over your head and begin on your pants as you switch around and pull my shirt off. My cock is peeping out of the side of my boxers, now quite hard and dripping a bit of precum, and you take it in your hand, running your fingers up and down its length as we kiss once more. I run my fingers up your thighs, teasing you a bit by coming closer and closer to your pussy only to go the other way again. 

You get impatient and push yourself closer to me, gripping my cock hard in your hand and beginning to stroke it. I get the message and put my entire hand over your pussy, still beneath your underwear. I slowly rub up and down, increasing the pressure on your clit and you gasp slightly in between our kisses in response. 

You start kissing your way down my neck, down my chest, flicking your tongue over my nipples as you make your way further and further down, your hands pulling down my boxers. You wiggle around a bit to get better access, bringing your legs up on the couch. Your hands are now both busy, one on my cock and the other playing with my balls. I slip my hand underneath your underwear to spread your juices around, gently rubbing your clit with my finger. You kiss all around the base of my cock and slowly lick your way up, your tongue darting in and out and tracing sensuous little circles up the length of it till you reach the head and then, staring up into my eyes, you take as much of it as you can into your mouth. I gasp and let out a little moan of pleasure as my hands quicken with their business. 

You moan in pleasure as well now, and increase the tempo, sucking me into your mouth hard as I slip a finger into you as well. After a little bit of this I pull you up to my mouth again and we kiss deeply as you wiggle out of your underwear and straddle me, guiding me into you in one quick motion and I stick my cock in as deep as it will go. 

We sit very still for a moment, enjoying the sensation. We keep on kissing as you slowly start rocking back and forth, my cock still as deep in you as it will go. You rub your clit against my pelvis and I run my hands up and down your back, pulling you closer to me, your nipples rubbing against my chest. I place my hands on your ass and begin increasing the tempo. You lean back, placing your boobs right in front of my face and I happily start licking them, sucking on each nipple in turn. 

After a little while of this, I push you to the side, making you fall on the couch as I quickly shift position over you, you pulling your legs up against your chest in a very impressive display of flexibility ;) This opens up your pussy beautifully for me, and I take a moment to enjoy the view, and then I begin to rub the head of my cock on your clit, back and forth, side to side. You giggle and pull me down for a kiss as I slip my cock into your pussy, sliding it all the way in. We both moan and start rocking back and forth ever so slowly. 

You dig your fingers into my hair and I kiss your neck as I slowly speed up, putting as much pressure on your clit as I can. You then flip your legs back even further, and I lean back a bit too so that my cock is now putting a lot of pressure on the inside of your pussy. I grab your ass and start banging you faster and faster, the couch knocking against the wall. 

We go faster and faster until I'm just about to cum, at which point I pull out, flip you over and start doing you from behind. The short break makes me last a little longer and I bang you as quick and as hard as I can. We both erupt in a sublime orgasm as I bite your neck while one of your hands grabs my ass hard and pushes me all the way in. 

I collapse on top of you, kissing the back of your neck as your hand runs up and down my ass. We lie like this for a while as my cock goes soft inside you. 

We kiss, somewhat awkwardly from this angle, so you turn around and we kiss slowly once more, the urgency gone but the passion stronger than ever. 

And that was my daydream :) Who knows, maybe the next one will have another participant ;) 

Well, after such a round, I'll leave you with a soft kiss and lots of love ;