 Authors note: This story entails the events of being reunited with my husband after a long trip away, which I was reminded of recently when reliving part of it while chatting with one of my fans. 

*****

It was six days ago since we were last together. The trip to Rio had an early departure, which meant that I needed to leave a day early to spend a night in Paris. Still in the same time zone, it was easy to connect together with Facetime and enjoy each other's company. Reclined in a couple of fluffy pillows on the hotel bed, I was lying displayed in front of the camera of my iPad and as always, I eagerly followed your instructions. If I performed well and to your liking you would reward me in kind. That was the last night we had shared an orgasm. After obeying all your demands and with the help of one of my favorite toys you had me quiver and panting from pure delicious excitement twice. The second time you made me beg for your cum, which you finally gave to me at the other end of the camera. I just love the way you explode with thick ropes of cum bursting from your bulbous cock head. 

But that seems so long ago now. The flight to Rio had been long and after our little nightly fun on Facetime you had clearly instructed me not to play with myself. You know me all too well and that with the excitement of flying I would not have been able to restrain myself from cumming if I would have put a hand to myself in one of the lavatories. Something I am so used to and often do when I'm on duty. 

You continued your sexual torture the entire three days I spend in Rio with tons of sms messages to tease and arouse me. Plenty of naughty requests and sexy images of you and your lovely big cock flooded my phone. As always, I tried to obey to all your wishes even when out and about with the crew. When I told you that we were taking a tour to Mount Corcovado you demanded a picture of me at the statue Cristo Redentor with my breasts exposed. 

With all the people there it was asking quite a bit of creative thinking and cunning camera work to get this selfie to you. Later that evening you asked me not to wear any underwear under the summer dress I showed you on Facetime while I was getting dressed to go out with the girls. To be sure I was not cheating, I received a sms later on from you when we were in a local bar, where you asked of me to take a picture straight up under my dress right there on the spot and send it to you. In return you showed me the bulge showing under your trousers and just how horny I was making you. 

The teasing progressed. You even had me masturbate on the beach while we were connected on Facetime and another time you tortured me like that while I was working out in the gym. But with every request you had me promise that I would not play with myself without your permission and when you did let me have a bit of fun, you would only allow me to fulfill some of my desires but stopped me from getting too close to the edge and obtain a much needed orgasm. 

Following every single request, I gave my best performance each time, trying to excite you as much as I could. Watching you on Facetime the effect I had on you was evident. I loved watching you as well and seeing your cock twitch and getting slick with precum while I teased you. At times I could tell you were jerking your hard cock while watching me and when I performed well enough you would reward me by showing that lovely big rod to me while it jerked in your hand and was slick with precum that oozed down over its dark purple head. 

But even every attempt and effort I made to excite you beyond the point of no return was in vain. You would stop me and tell me it was time to go, leaving me wait to receive your next sms with instructions or getting another video call. By the time I was strapped in the crew seat before take-off for the flight back to CDG, I was so horny I would swear I nearly came from just the sensation of the lift pushing me into the seat as the B777 soared into the air. You had made me promise again not to masturbate the entire flight. But here I am now, sitting opposite of you, confessing my disobedience. 

After I returned back home early Sunday morning you allowed me some rest. I could clearly read the excitement in your eyes of being reunited again and felt your rod poke me through my uniform as you gave me a big hug. On many occasions when I would come home after a long trip, you would ravish me still half dressed, bent over the couch or against the wall with my uniform hiked up, but surprisingly you broke off my passionate kiss and told me to rest for a few hours because of lunch plans you had made. 

Being used to the time difference and the frequent long flights that come with my job as air hostess, it just took a little over two hours to recharge my batteries. The warm water of the shower I took after waking up felt so good and revived me even more and I was looking forward to the lunch you had planned and share a nice meal. Still, lathering up all of my body with soap, I was reminded of the sexual tension that had been stored inside of me over these past days. 

Again, I cheated and played with myself for a bit too long after I shaved my legs, armpits and ended at my delicate pussy. It felt so good and like the two times in the air on the way back from Rio, I had to force myself to stop from cumming. Even if you might not have been able to tell, I would have not been able to lie to you. 

Just like when you asked about the flight back, I tell you every detail while you look me deep into my eyes. You have taken me to one of my favorite brasseries in the center of Bordeaux. We are sitting outside in a little quiet corner of the garden terrace. With the sun out and warm temperature it is rather busy, but one of the things that makes this particular restaurant so good, is that they do not try to cramp in as many tables as possible on the few square meters of space, leaving plenty of room for some privacy and sharing an intimate conversation. 

You had allowed me to pick a dress to wear and I'm hoping that the light garment with spaghetti straps and low open back pleases you enough to forgive my bad behavior. You already made me feel guilty of my sins when I found the lovely present on the bed after I got out of the shower. The naughty lingerie set you had picked out for me revealed the desires that you have been craving. 

The excitement runs through my veins as I close the strap of the shelf bra. The open cups leave most of my firm ample breast exposed with my nipples pointing free up in the air above the sheer black lace. As for the matching thong panties you can hardly talk about lace, the tiny triangle barely covers my swollen vulva disappearing in a tiny string between my bud cheeks. It also is barely able to constrain my excitement with my pussy getting wetter by the minute while we sit here chatting in the open air and your eyes trying to eat me up as I speak about my misbehavior.

You watch my nipples get hard and pointy, unobstructed and clearly outlined under the thin material of my dress, when you interrogate me about my first offence. You demand every detail of what I did after take-off from Rio and give me a hard time as I keep trying to convince you that I only played for a very short time and that I did not make myself cum. The tails of my naughty escapade in the lavatory are interrupted by the waitress who brings us the bottle of wine you ordered. 

While she pours the wine, I suddenly feel your bare toes starting to rub along my feet. It is clear you must have slipped off your leather flip flops under the table as I feel both of your feet starting to play footsie. 

"As forfeit for that little defiance you must show me how that sexy little bra fits you," You instruct me as the waitress leaves our table. 

A bit nervous I look around. Most of the people around us are minding their own business and enjoying their food. The corner table means that no one sits behind us or is outside our visual range. Briefly I lean over the table and let the top of my dress fall open to give you a glance down my cleavage and flash my bare breasts at you. 

"That is not clear enough," you say with a smile. "I want to see them fully exposed."

By now the blood is racing through my veins and I feel my face blush from the embarrassment you bestow upon me, while at the same time it makes me boil inside from excitement. It is not the first time I would flash my naked tits at you in public, but it for sure is the first time at such a busy venue. While your eyes stay fixed on only one point, my eyes anxiously scan the surroundings from left to right. 

Carefully I pull my left arm through the thin strap of my dress, ensuring the small triangular piece of fabric covering my breast remains in place. Removing my right arm from the other straps takes even more effort, because any sudden move could make it drop and fully expose myself at the wrong moment. Your feet, that are running up my calves, are not making it any easier, while you watch me with intense desire. 

With both spaghetti straps now hanging free either side of me, I hold the two halves in place with both hands. A waiter is serving another table and glances at our direction as I carefully wait for him to return inside. When he does, I take one last look to ensure the coast is clear and then pull the top of my dress down to bare my full nakedness to you. 

"You better hurry and tell me when I can cover these babies back up again before someone else might get a good look at them as well," I tease. 

You smile with content as you tell me that I've settled my penance in full and I can dress back up. I don't hesitate for a moment to cover myself back up. To ease my nerves, I finish the glass of wine after I managed to get the spaghetti straps securely back over my shoulders. Not a moment too soon, with the waitress arriving at our table with a dozen oysters. You make some small talk while we devour the lovely sea fruit, but hidden underneath the large tablecloth your interactions are far less innocent. 

One of your feet has risen up as high to reach under my dress and is nestled in between my thighs. Each time I lean my head back to sink one of the delicate oysters in my mouth, you rub your big toe along the lace of my thong. Since it barely consists of hardly any material I am sure you can sense my wetness and you easily manage to locate my hard little knob that has been unveiled from its hood by the pressure of your toes. 

With the third oyster at my lips, I let out a deep sigh when your toe presses the little panties between my pussy lips and the lace chafes against the sensitive flesh. I almost choke on the slippery sea fruit when it drops straight down my throat. 

"So you have been a naughty little kitten only once?" you ask.

Of course, I can't lie to you and I tell about the second encounter on the flight back from Rio. All the time your toes are playing with me and you ask if this is what I wanted when I had been playing with myself. Even when the waitress is back at our table to collect the empty plate, you do not stop. It takes all of my focus not to moan out loud. 

"These oysters were delicious," you tell me and when she turns away from the table you continue, "but I want to have a taste of my favorite oyster now."

I know how much you like to get a taste of my sweet juice on your tongue and the way it arouses you. There is nothing better than letting you feast on my pussy. It always gets you so horny that you would be begging for some relief yourself. Since that would be a bit hard right now, I decide to give you the next best thing. 

Opening my legs under the table, I bring one hand down between my legs. They meet your foot that rests on my chair and I bring my fingers close to my entrance. You stare at me as you feel exactly what I'm doing. I dip three of my fingers deep in between my smooth slick pussy lips to collect a generous amount of milky juice. Then leaning over the table, I bring them up to your mouth and let your lips suck them in. You hum softly to let me know you approve of my taste. You ask for more, which I give you by repeating my actions. Your tongue darting around my slick fingers as you suck them in your mouth a second time. 

"More..!" You groan out loud.

Not only does my taste drive you wild, the repeating efforts of my fingers have my pussy clench down on them more and more as I start to long for some higher goal. Within the thrill of it all, we do not even notice the waitress showing up at our table with our main course. Luckily, I just have withdrawn my fingers from your lips, but who knows what she has witnessed when she walked up to us. 

"Your sweet tasting pussy seems to have redeemed your sentence generously," you say without any hesitation while the waitress fills up our wine glasses. 

She looks at me and I know she can tell just what I have been up to then looks back at you and smiles at you saying, "Bon appetite monsieur." 

After composing myself a bit I start eating my salad. Still feeling an enormous heat flush on my face and also burning in my loins. 

"So that's is all you did?" 

I swallow, knowing there is one last thing to confess. You always see straight through me and certainly in these kinds of heated situations. You could ask anything of me at this moment and there would be no way I could resist you or lie in your face. Knowing this you start eating with contentment while you have me go through the details of my little relapse in the shower earlier. 

"That explains your cunt is feeling so smooth," you say and I feel your toes run along my slick pussy lips again. 

"I could let you feel just how smooth later at home my dear," I try to elude the situation I got myself into. 

Looking stern at me you say, "I don't think you will get away with this third offence so easily." 

"What would be a satisfying repentance?" I hesitatingly ask and nervously continue to eat.

I see a wicked grin appear on your face as you take a bite yourself. 

"First I want you to hand me those dirty panties you are wearing," you tell me in between bites. "Then I'm going to fuck your naughty cunt with my toes till you cum right here at the table."

I almost choke on a piece of chicken that I had put in my mouth just before you tell me this. Giving you the little piece of soaked lace, that is currently stuck between my moist pussy lips, is not that has me scared. However, your idea to get me off right among everyone here on the terrace has put me in a crunch situation. It is not so much the fact that we are in public, but more the fact it has been six days of sexual torture that is build up inside me and I fear that I might not be able to constrain myself from moaning out of sheer, pleasure when I finally get to cum. 

Not obeying you would just cause more punishment and I know there is no way out for me. Still I try to see if you might choose a different direction and take things back in the privacy of our bedroom by offering you counter demand. 

Without further thinking this through I say, "You can have my panties anytime you want babe, but you can only have the pleasure of making me cum right here if I can do the same to you."

"I would love to see you try."

The tension is killing me and I want to get this over with. I know you would have your way with me again when we get back home. I lift my bum from my chair and reach with one hand up under my dress to hook my fingers around the thin lace string. Without hesitation I pull the tiny garment down over my thighs and let it drop to the floor. One after the other I lift my heels to free it from around my feet and then pick it up to drop it on the table. The black lace garment, soiled in a film of creamy juice, landing next to your plate. 

Without any warning your foot is back resting on my chair and reaches between my legs. I sigh from pleasure as you press the entire base of your foot against my longing cunt. I feel you move your feet up and the rough skin on your heel brushes along my lips. The pressure and movement of your foot has me grinding my hips in my chair as I push back against it. With my eyes closed I arch my back and lean against the back of my chair. The thin dress stretches across the fullness of my round breasts. Exposing my excitement with the tips of my hard nipples trying to poke holes through it. Suddenly you stop and agitated by the sudden void and direct stimulation of my clit I open my eyes, realizing the waitress is standing right next to me to clear our table. 

"Was everything to your satisfaction madam?" she asks me.

Your toe stretches and slides up between my puffy pussy lips at the moment she asks this and all I can do is hiss through tight lips, "Yessss, very satisfying."

"Some dessert maybe to finish off?"

By the way she looks at me, I'm almost 100% certain she knows exactly what is going on and I can only imagine what you had to do to ensure that only she attended our table and what it must have cost you to keep her quiet about your naughty endeavors with me. 

"Personally, I can recommend the fresh strawberries with whipped 'cream'," she hints with the emphasis on this last word.

Your big toe flicks up and down between my lips and grazes roughly over my clit each time. It is impossible for me to say almost anything by this time and I try to moan as softly as possible.

"Hmmmm ohhhh that's hmmm"

"Only my wife prefers to get her own cream," you chirp in while I am unable to respond and am stuck in an emotional turmoil of being angry at you and happy at the same time for getting me so close to finally have an orgasm. "So just a bowl of strawberries for two will suffice," you finish telling her.

With a big relief I watch the waitress leave our table and am able to concentrate on what you are doing to me under the table. I'm sure my dress is as soiled with my juices as my panties were. Your toes slick too as you continue to fuck me. The rubbing of your toe is making my clit burn with a tingling sensation and I'm getting so close to a long awaited orgasm. 

"Ahhh fuck yes baby," I moan repeatedly. "Yessss right there ohhh don't stop. Hmmm fuck yessss."

I have to bite my tongue to stop me from screaming out loud when my orgasm hits me and my body starts to quiver. Hopefully no one hears me or notices me panting from pleasure while the waves of pleasure rock through my body. It only takes a few seconds for me to come back down and as I open my eyes to look at you, I can read the satisfaction for giving me this climax on your face. 

Just like the effect the taste of my pussy on your mouth has on you, I know that making me cum like this is just as arousing for you as it is for me. So after removing one of my heels and moving my bare feet up along your legs, it does not surprise me to find a large wet patch in your short at the end of your throbbing cock. 

"Your turn," I smile at you. "Looks like this won't take me long."

I start tracing the length of your hard rod through your shorts with my toes. I feel it throb and twitch each time my toe nail traces along the rim of your cock head.

"Take it out for me."

By this time you have lost your control over me and I can enjoy being in charge for just that brief moment. You move in your seat to undo your loose fitting cargo pants and pull your hard cock from its constraints. My foot stretches out for it and finds it standing straight up. My toes dig between your legs towards your balls and my nails scratch across your scrotum, which is swollen and drawn tight under your cock. I'm sure I could make you cum just with my feet, but what a waist it would be of all that you have saved up for me.

After a quick look around that the coast is clear, I drop to my knees under the table. Your cock jerks with excitement and anticipation for what is about to come. These moments of control I have over you are slim and I try to savor each second. Teasing you with my fingers at first, running them up along your thighs, towards my awaiting price. You can feel my breath on your bare skin as I reach up between your legs. Your cock pulsating in agony for my touch and desperate to get some relief. A big glob of precum forms at the tip of the bulbous head as I wrap my fingers tight around the thick base of your cock. I watch it drool down along your shaft till the long strain of clear liquid almost reaches my hand.
