 "What am I doing?" Marlo thought to herself, "I never thought I'd be doing this again." She looked into Shane's eyes while he admired her beauty. Marlo had deep red hair, piercing blue eyes, and a smirk that managed to always be both seductive and a little intimidating for most guys she came across. Shane slowly looked her up and down and remembered every part of her body that he had missed. Her petite frame, her small but perky breasts with a barbell piercing through her nipples. Her phoenix tattoo running down the left side of her slender body snaking into her inner thigh. Her long, sexy legs and her adorable ass that complimented her slim body perfectly.

Marlo felt a hand caress her face gently as Shane leaned in to kiss her. Any hesitance was gone now as she realized that there was nothing she wanted more in this moment than to feel him inside of her again. As their lips brushed against each other, familiar feelings came rushing back as the kiss quickly escalated from gentle to passionate. Time seemed to slow as their tongues danced, as if they each knew exactly what the other was about to do. 

Marlo leaned back onto the bed as she felt her hands pinned down softly but forcefully. As Shane kissed her neck he smelled her soft skin and remembered how much he had missed this. As Marlo closed her eyes she could feel his lips brushing against her skin and moving down to her breasts. She arched her back in anticipation as he took her nipple into his mouth and gently flicked his tongue against it, feeling his warm and soft tongue playing with the most sensitive part of her breast. With her eyes closed Marlo couldn't see anything, but she felt his hands firmly wrap around her thighs and slowly pry them apart, the traces of his breath moving further and further down. She could feel his tongue trace the crevasse of her inner leg, teasing her as her pussy became wetter by the second. As her clit felt a warm and wet caress, a shiver of pleasure ran through Marlo's body. As he softly sucked and explored her wetness with his tongue, Shane salivated as he tasted the sweetness pouring out of her body. She raised her hips and grabbed the back of his head, grinding her hips against his mouth and forcing his tongue deep inside of her. Marlo began to moan with anticipation as a wave rushed over her body and her toes clenched. She pulled him in harder and felt a release as she squirted into his mouth.

"Fuck me" Marlo begged, in the sultry and irresistible voice that Shane could never resist. As he raised his head from between her legs and came up to kiss her, Marlo tasted her own juices as her pussy ached in anticipation. She could feel his hard cock growing against her leg as it moved in to position. It felt bigger than she remembered, and as she thought about her warm, wet, empty pussy, all she wanted was to feel him inside of her. As they looked into each others eyes, Marlo shuddered as she felt his hard cock begin to slide into her. It couldn't have been more than an inch, but she couldn't remember the last time she felt anything so intense. She was torn, part of her wanted him to fill her up completely right then, and part of her wanted this feeling to last forever. As Shane pushed deeper Marlo could feel his cock throbbing inside of her and she became sensitive to every tiny motion. As he slowly pulled his cock out, she tightened her pussy around his cock and could feel every vein pressing against her. She felt constantly on the brink of orgasm, as though the smallest movement could push her over the edge at any moment. In one deep stroke, Shane filled her up completely and Marlo gasped, she couldn't remember anything penetrating her so deep. He pulled out and pushed hard as Marlo screamed. She clenched the bedsheets and arched her back as her entire body squirmed while a wave of pleasure rushed over her for the second time in as many minutes.

"Turn over" Shane commanded as he pulled out of her shimmering wetness. Marlo was in shock by the sudden emptiness and turned over, wanting nothing more than for her pussy to feel full again. She pressed her face against the pillow and stuck her ass up, grinding it against the hard cock tauntingly. He wasted no time and quickly burrowed into her beautiful pussy. Marlo felt his cock fill and empty her in long, slow strokes, when a hand wrapped firmly around her throat and a pair of lips kissed her neck affectionately. Shane's cock plunged into her pussy harder and faster with each stroke, and Marlo felt herself once again about to come. As her pussy clenched around his pulsing cock, her back arched, her toes clenched, and she once again felt the orgasmic wave rush over her body. As he continued to fuck her harder and deeper with each stroke, Marlo felt a constant rush that wasn't going away. She could barely breath as Shane's hand wrapped around her neck tighter, but the need for air seemed insignificant compared to the need for this feeling to continue, to feel his cock inside her ready to burst. It was almost uncomfortable how intense the orgasm was, but Marlo lost track of all senses except for the one that was controlling the best feeling she could ever remember experiencing. As the pleasure finally faded with no sense of how much time had passed, Marlo knew what she wanted.

"Fuck me in the ass" she whispered, her body so exhausted that even saying the words took every ounce of energy she had. As Marlo presented her ass to him, Shane ran his fingers across her back and down her legs, admiring every inch of her body. Marlo could feel a single bead of sweat pool at the base of her spine and trickle down her back. Face down and ass out, she had never felt so comfortable and at ease, her body knew what it wanted and it was ready. She felt Shane's lips graze her back, then her cheek. She felt a finger slowly enter her pussy, and then another. Although the fingers were a welcome sensation, Marlo was so wet that she had no idea how many were inside of her. As the fingers left her empty, she felt one finger pressed firmly against her hole. 

As it pressed gently against her, Marlo's body felt completely relaxed, and completely vulnerable. The finger, wet with her juices, slid easily inside of her, and although it was a different sensation it felt just as amazing. As the finger pulled out softly and pressed against her again, Marlo could feel a second finger gently stretching her open. As Shane rotated his fingers slowly insider of her, she felt her pussy drip with wetness. As the fingers left her empty, she could feel it replaced with something much larger, and wetter. "When did he get lube" she wondered for a moment before her mind was wiped blank with the ecstasy of feeling the head of his cock slide easily into her ass. Marlo felt his hands grab her hips, he pulled her closer as she reciprocated. It felt so tight but so perfect, her body was weak with pleasure but she struggled to stay on all fours as Shane slid in and out of her ass. 

As the words escaped from her mouth she tried to say how big he was, but all that came out was, "harder, deeper." She had done anal plenty of times before, but this was different. More erotic, more sensual. As Shane looked down to see his cock sliding in and out of her ass, Marlo bucked her hips and tensed up. It felt like an orgasm, but every part of her body felt equally sensitive. She has having a full body orgasm. As her body tensed and her asshole clenched around his cock, it was too much. Shane was about to cum. Marlo could sense this and without exchanging words, she pulled out, turned around, and opened her mouth. The first load splashed on her cheek and chin, and the second landed in her mouth. Marlo wrapped her lips around his cock and sucked, draining every drop of cum. Her legs were still twitching from the full body orgasm she had just experienced, but all she could think of was how delicious he tasted. Shane looked into her eyes, with her messy hair and cum dripping from her face, and his only thought was that she had never looked so beautiful.