 It had been a long, long time. Felt like an eternity since you were mine. I'd heard you'd returned for some evening classes at the uni we attended when we were younger. I'd returned some years ago. Finally completed my degree and taken a position as a teacher there. I'd seen you several times since we were together those years ago, but today was different. I waited in the lobby for your class to end. I couldn't stop my hands from shaking with nervous energy. A million different things ran through my mind, and still I couldn't find the words I wanted to say to you.

And then there you were. Standing in front of me with your bag slung over your shoulder. You wore a beautiful, flowing sundress. Your hair was pulled back, your typical ponytail. I always loved how that accentuated your neck and shoulders. Made it impossible for me to resist trying to kiss them. A favourite of yours as I recalled in that moment. Your dress hugged your body flawlessly and ended right above your knees, showing just enough leg to excite me even further. I remembered that you didn't care for them when we were younger, but I always loved them and found that I still did.

"Nice to see you. You look well," you said to me.

My mouth betrayed me and remained silent. My arms knew what to do though. I reached for you and pulled you in tight. I held you so close. Holding you tight to me, I inhaled your perfume, the same one from years ago. I couldn't help it...I lifted you off your feet and twirled you. 

As we separated I said to you, "you look so beautiful." Immediately I moved in to kiss you. Perhaps I surprised you, perhaps I didn't. Either way, I expected you to pull away. But you didn't. I felt you pull even closer. Your lips pressed tighter to mine. Our tongues wrestling. The passion of years past apparently never expired and the fires instantly burned so brightly in that moment. We pulled back momentarily and looked at each other. Gasping for air.

"I've missed you," I tell you. Barely getting it out before you lunge back at me. Your hands grab the sides of my face, your lips planting a powerful kiss right on mine. My hands wrap around you tightly. I feel your body compressing gently beneath my squeeze.

"Get a room," says a random sophomoric student, breaking our mutual trance-like state. I want to say to the young soul that they have no idea what you and I apparently still have. Something most of these kids will search their whole lives trying to find. It isn't lost on me that as I hold you tight to me, your arms, your breasts, your hips, and even your legs, STILL fit perfectly to me. Once upon a time, your body was the perfect puzzle piece fitting mine. There's more there though. Time never extinguished our flame. No, instead it seems to have still been burning gently all these years, and now we've thrown the door open and that flickering flame has newly found oxygen and exploded, consuming us both.

"Come with me," I whisper. I take you by the hand. I lead you up the stairs to the third floor, knowing that all the professors and secretaries have left for the day. There we find the lounge, devoid of students, but replete with fairly comfortable couches. I close the door behind us and turn off the lights so we'll hopefully go unnoticed. Pulling you by the hand still, I take you to a nearby couch facing away from the door and immediately sit down and pull you to sit next to me.

Instead you lean fully into me, knocking me back, moving atop me as I recline into the couch. More kissing, more passion. For me it feels like it's boiling over. My hands grip your hips as you move into position. My right leg raised and bent against the back of the couch. But more importantly, your left knee rested between my legs, against my right thigh, as you settle into a riding straddle of my left leg. Was that just luck? Or did you remember that my cock always hung to the left? I can't help but grip your hips firmly and pull you tight to me. I know you can feel my hardened cock through my khakis and your dress. 

My lips have moved past yours now. I can hear soft moans from you...and I want more. Kissing past your cheek to your sensual neck. Starting at the spot just below your ear where your jaw leads into your neck. Kissing, sucking gently. Lower and lower I inch down your skin to the end of your neck. Leaning forward, I move out to your shoulder. Taking several moments to nibble your collarbone softly before I move back to the center to kiss your upper chest. My hands have found their way beneath your dress now, gripping your cheeks. I've always loved your butt. Damn, I love your butt.

And now I feel you moving. Not grinding against me, just pressing yourself, your hips, hard into my hardness. It's a pressure that feels so good. Pressure that drives me even crazier. I can feel heat emanating from you. From your center. From your pubis, right through your panties and my khakis. It warms my cock, causing it to grow impossibly harder. You must now what you're doing to me. My goodness, you're working me into such a frenzy. Suddenly, unthinkingly, I raise my hand and smack your butt firmly, causing you to change it up and instantly grind against me. I feel you breaking free of our gravity, leaning back and putting all your weight onto my cock. My hands come around your hips to your thighs, rubbing them beneath your dress slowly. The outer skin, the topsides, and your very soft inner thighs. Seeing you smile softly but wickedly at me. I was so focused on your thighs that I hadn't noticed that your delicate hands had deftly opened my belt. And now you had the button open too and were easing my zipper down. 

For some reason, it's clear to me that this is the barrier. "Wait, are you sure? It's been so long," I question as I sit up to meet you, "is this okay?" With a single finger on my lips, you simultaneously hush me and guide me back to the couch. A single kiss follows before you slip off the couch, kneeling on the floor. My khakis and boxers give way as you pull them from the hips. My cock springs forth as you open your present. It swings forward and smacks into my pelvis. You pull my khakis fully off and find your place between my thighs, one hand on each. And then...your tongue. My head drops back as your tongue traces up my engorged member. Feeling you trace the shape of it. I need to see, so I pick my head up and immediately see your eyes locked on mine. Such an intimate moment right then, like so many that we'd shared before. I always loved your amazing oral skills. Then, your mouth engulfed me. So perfect. Warm and wet. Just as I remembered so fondly. A couple inches in and you pulled back. That was a special torture, but thank goodness you took me back in. Your tongue swirling around the head and tip. Your hand joins your lips, wrapping nicely around my shaft, stroking in time with your bobbing mouth. As your other hand reaches in to caress my balls, I realize that I can't hold back if you're going to do all of that.

I sit up sharply, pulling you from your upper arms to stand up. As you stand, I sneak my hands beneath your dress again to remove your panties, dropping them to your ankles as quickly as I can. Inhaling the scent of your moist sex. Pulling you from your legs as I scoot down the couch and lay down fully. You throw your leg over my face to straddle my face. I haven't been so intoxicated in years, but intending to get drunk on your wetness. Your pussy comes into view. It's beautiful, sensual. Your lips seem to be opening for me like a flower greeting the morning sun, glistening with moisture. My hands wrap around your legs from behind, pulling you to my tongue. Slipping my tongue to your lips, tickling each one at a time. Sliding along each one until pressing it flat onto the space between your lips. Slowly, achingly, sliding it upward until I reach the tip of your clit. Flicking it gently. Tracing circles around it with greater force on each lap. Again. Again. Back to flicking it up and down. My fingers tracing your bare butt, then gripping into your hips very tightly as my mouth engulfs your clit. Sucking it gently, applying a little more pressure with each passing second as I continue to tease the hood of your clit. 

Feeling your hands grab onto my hair beneath your dress reminds me how you always loved when I did this move to you. I'm so happy, and...serene. It's just natural to be doing it once again. It just feels right and natural. But no, right isn't good enough. Not for you, I want, no, I need to make this perfect. You deserve that and more. So I ratchet the pressure up, suckling a bit harder, devouring you, flicking your clit up and down, side to side. Vaguely hearing you moan, I release the pressure and press my tongue downward, lapping at your pussy, and pressing my tongue flatly along your lips individually. As I feel your thigh muscles relax aside my face, I double down. Grabbing onto your clit with my lips and smoothly increasing pressure over time. My tongue working your clit. Work the outside, don't delve in I remember, save that for my rock hardness. I feel you shaking now. Your muscles trembling. Yes. And then your orgasm. Flooding my mouth, my tongue. I always loved when I could do that for you. Feeling your last tremors. Soft, gentle licks, caresses as you come back down. I feel so elated. Incredibly horny yet, but so damn happy. 

I finally release your hips and allow you to slink down my body, ever aware of your juicy wetness inching toward my rock hardness. You halt with your face hovering over mine. A coy, satisfied smile on your lips. Your fingers run through my faintly salt and pepper hair. It was all dark brown the last time you did that. At least I like to think it was. Your stare penetrating my eyes deep into my mind. Only a couple things in there right now. One, you're still mine. Still my love. Still my soulmate. And two...I'm hungry for you. Hungry to consummate our homecoming. You've always been home to me. Returning your gaze I feel like I can see you reading that second thought. The gap is closing, your wet pussy is moving smoothly southward. Contact. My hands grip your ass tight and hold you in place momentarily as our organs meet for the first time in years. Savoring the moment, but also giving you a fraction of a second to change course. The instant I slightly release my hold, you sink down farther and start rubbing your juices down every inch of my cock. A few long slides along my length and I'm aching to enter you. On your last ascent, my dick strains upward to your opening, causing you to smile wider. You delicate fingers reach between us, wrapping around my shaft, and placing it at your opening. Your mouth unconsciously opens just a little as you settle your body downward, pushing me inch by inch into your hot, wet depths. Inch by inch, the pressure inside you is building and the heat is increasing. And now you rest in place. With me fully inside you. Locked together, perfectly fitted to each other like the final two pieces of the puzzle interlocking.

My hands start to guide your hips, pulling forward. Your hips jump to life sliding forward and back, using my cock to fill your opening at your will. And I lay back, smiling broadly, content to let you be in control. This time at least. Your hips really rolling now, sliding back hard with force into me, then grinding the underside of my shaft as your move upward, again back hard. Our passion clear, but more than that, it's simply gravity. We've always been powerfully drawn to each other, making this lovemaking the inevitable outcome of our stars crossing years before we met. The heat is rising, your pace is quickening. My fingers digging into the soft skin of your great butt, holding on as you ride. Exchanging moans, our bodies joined so intimately. Grunting, groaning. Impulsively I start pressing up into you in time with your tempo. My cock swelling, engorging, starting to pulse. I know you feel it inside with your sensitive walls and strong muscles. Our eyes still locked together from the first moment. Mine offering yours the choice.

"Yes, Lover," you pant to me with your breathless, hoarse voice, "finish inside me. Fill me. I need you." 

A great smile crosses my lips as my eyes roll back the instant you express your wishes. Blasting every ounce of seed into you that I can muster. Shot after shot unloading, knowing that it's been forever since I've cum this hard. My hands helping to pull you along, to milk every drop from me. Remembering that the feeling of my hot cum inside you used to set you off powerfully, I reach around and place my hand on the small of your back and go to work. Suddenly pumping into you with speed. Making sure that my dick slides along your clit as I slide out and back in. See your mouth open a little wider, your eyes close a bit tighter. Doubling down, I pump into your pussy. Faster and harder. As I feel your orgasm approaching, gripping your butt tight, my cock buried within your hotness, I release your butt to smack it, sending you over the edge. Your moaning and exclamations, just music to my ears. Your sexy body rhythmically grinding as your orgasm waves over you. Tiny convulsions ripple through you and slowly begin to subside. Both panting, we collapse together. Our mixed fluids leaking from you onto me. You slide to my side, resting your head on my chest. My arms wrapping around you, holding you as close as I can. 

A kiss on the forehead, "I love you, sweetie."

You turn to face me. "I love you too...," we kiss sweetly, followed by a soft purr from you as you whisper "...chulito."