 2 years had changed her body, and God I could not have been happier. It had been that long since we'd fucked, that long since the best sex of my life. At the time, we had been just kids, only 18. We didn't know anything. Now we were twenty, and much wiser. And as I watched her hips sway as she walked towards my room, I knew she wanted this just as much as me.

I walked up behind her, towering eight inches over her. God I wanted to touch her so badly. The girl was forbidden fruit, something I craved. No surprise to tell you that my hands were shaking.

But when my hands brushed her shoulders, bare except for the straps of her tank top, she leaned into my touch. My hands trailed down those familiar curves and caught the bottom of her tank. I pulled it up and off her. My eyes stayed transfixed on every bit of skin that became exposed. With a precise movement of my fingers, I unclasped the lacy black bra she wore. She shrugged it off with ease.

"I've missed this," she murmured, still not looking at me. I hugged her from behind, content to let her know I felt the same. 

My hands roamed up to her breasts. They had been big before, but during a nightly exchange of subtle flirting, I had found out they were now perfect Ds. She had the best tits in the world. The kind that could be kissed and sucked perfectly, and felt so good with a cock between them.

She moaned softly when I began to play with her heaving chest. Rubbing, teasing, playing, pinching, everything I did seemed to be exactly what she wanted. I took my shirt off, and she gave a sexy little groan when she felt our skin connect. My fingers began to work faster. Her tits bounced in my hands as I tweaked her nipples and grabbed at them.

The girl began to arch her back, her ass trying to get in contact with my cock. Who was I to deny her? I pushed my bulge hard against that fuckable ass of hers and her moans mixed with mine. As she grinded her ass into my cock, I had just about had enough of her tits.

Fooling around was child's play. She came here to fuck. The months that led up to this, we flirted. I knew that in the back of her head, she was curious about me. The sex we had before was the kind you never really forget. Every time we talked, the subtle message was there: just ask and I'll fuck you exactly how you need it.

I spun her around and crashed my lips to hers. It was perfect. She immediately parted her lips and I darted my tongue inside. My hands snaked through her hair as I pulled her deeper into the kiss. Our tongues fought against each other, at the same time sending signals of pleasure to our brains. When she finally gasped for air and to give out a much repressed moan, my lips darted to her neck. Each kiss on her neck was like fire, making her moan and press her neck harder against my lips. I bit my way down her collarbone and kissed the skin right above her chest.

My mouth moved to one delicious orb and took it in my mouth. My other hand wrapped around the other and began working furiously. My tongue flicked over her nipple, which hardened immediately, begging for my lips. I sucked greedily, remembering exactly how hard she loved it. I kissed and nipped over the entire thing, savoring the taste I used to take for granted. 

Without missing a beat, my mouth move to her other breast, while my fingers continued working the nerves on her other breast that I had left on fire. As I gave the same treatment to this one, the breathy words I heard only encouraged me.

"Fuck," she moaned, her hard breaths almost drowning out the words, "fuck....God...fuck...so good..."

I took my hand off her tits and in a flash unbuttoned her capris. While still lapping at both tits, I pulled them down and felt her wiggle her legs, kicking them off. I tore my mouth away from her and flipped her over.

Her ass. God, I had almost forgotten how perfect it was. Firm, milky white, with two voluptuous mounds that matched her tits. To top it off, I could just see the thin string of a black thong. And here I had thought my cock couldn't get any harder. I made short work of the now soaking string. She was so deliciously wet. I ached to put my lips on that pussy, but I decided to give her something to look forward to next time.

She apparently didn't want to wait for whatever I had planned, because she had flipped over and tackled me, pinning me to my bed. She pawed feverishly at my shorts.

"I need this. Fuck, I've missed it so much. Give me it," she said in hard breaths. Her hands were such a shaking mess that she couldn't work the button. She gave a lust-filled growl and pulled them down with all her force, taking my boxers with them. My cock sprang out at full attention.

Her eyes widened a little and gave an inward moan, and I smirked. I had grown up a little since we last fucked and delighted in telling her so. It wasn't anything overly spectacular, but she knew how good I was before. I could only guess how much she wanted it now that it was an inch and a quarter longer.

She wasted no time in taking my cock in her tiny mouth. I was pleased to see it stretch her lips just a little. I closed my eyes, sucking cock truly was her forte.

I felt her give long, slow licks up the side of my cock. She licked me fully before taking the head in her mouth. I almost gave when I felt her warm, wet mouth envelope me. She sucked slowly and I could feel her moan against my cock. She enjoyed it as much as me. Her tongue licked and swirled around my tip as she sucked. Her hand reached down and began to stroke my cock while she sucked on my head. It was bliss. I arched my back in pleasure. My movement offered more of me to her wanting mouth, so she seized the opportunity, putting as much of my cock in her mouth as possible. She bobbed up and down quickly. I opened my eyes and saw the look of pure ecstasy on her face. She began to suck harder and faster, and I was made painfully aware that I was going to cum. Hard.

"I'm going to cum soon," I muttered to her. She instantly took her mouth off and began licking the sides, before laying on her back.

"My tits. Cum on them," she said, her hands moving to those fleshy orbs.

I straddled her and put my cock in the valley between them. She pushed her tits together, and I almost came right there as the warmth of her chest hugged my cock. I moaned and began thrusting. I watched as each time my cock got to her lips, she took a long suck on it. After just a few thrusts, I could feel the cum rising. I held it off as long as I could and opened my mouth to tell her, but she cut me off.

"Do it," she said in loud moans, "cum on my tits. Please, I need it." 

I stroked my cock as fast as I could, and when the pressure became to much, I gave into that sweet release. Ropes upon ropes of my cum shot out. The first one stretched up to her chin and cheek. The next two shots painted her neck in my seed. Four more thick ropes of cum came out, landing perfectly on her tits and began to pool in the valley between.

She brought a delicate hand up to her cheek and chin and wiped the cum away. She looked at her hand, staring at my cum in panting breaths. 

"So much....it's so hot. It feels so good," she murmured. She brought her hands down to her neck and chest, and she began feeling the massive amount of cum on her, with frustrated moans coming out every so often. 

It was an incredible sight, her laying naked, rubbing my cum against her, a lusty half-glazed look in her eye. My cock never softened a bit.

I moved up on her and rubbed the head of my cock against her pussy. She gave a little whimper each time my tip pushed against her.

"Please. Please...more...God..." She tried to push my cock into her, which I was having none of it. She wanted it so badly, but I wanted to make her beg for it.

"More, I want to hear how much you want it," I whispered in her ear, pushing just the smallest bit of my cock into her. I blocked her attempts to get me further inside.

"I've missed it so much. I'm sorry, please...I need your cock...I have to have it in m-AAAH!" Before she got the last word off, I buried into her, stretching her with as much of my cock as she could handle. I immediately began fucking the tight pussy I missed so much.

"YES," she yelled, very unlike her. I pounded my cock into her, pistoning in and out without care. Her eyes rolled back. She didn't care about the past, the future, or anything else. She just gave herself over to the feeling.

Her nails dug into my back and she wrapped her legs around my ass, pushing more of me in and urging me faster. Bolts of pleasure ran up her spine and set her fire ablaze. 

My lips claimed hers, and I felt a small tear run down her eye. She saw the look on my face. 

"It feels amazing. Don't stop. Please, never stop fucking me." I kissed her again and doubled my efforts, making her almost scream. With each thrust, she got louder and louder. Minutes ticked by, and she felt better and better. Every thrust hit her perfectly, making her hornier, wetter, and happier.

She kept biting her lip. That dam inside her was building up and up with each bit of my cock I fed her. I wanted to make her cum like she used to, like the first time.

I scooped her up and rolled over, laying on my back and her on top of me. Without missing a beat she braced herself and began fucking herself on my cock. Her tight pussy gripped my cock, and if I thought she had been loud before, I was wrong. She had her teeth clenched, giving loud guttural groans each time I filled her.

She began muttering "I'm going to cum," over and over to herself. Her hazel eyes stared at me in pure thanks. She leaned over and kissed me hard while she worked her ass up and down on my cock, her pussy moving rapidly. I gripped her ass and helped her, thrusting and pulling up and down, stuffing my cock in her repeatedly.

A loud moan came from her and she worked her ass faster. Loud groans came from her with every thrust. She was so very close. As was I. 

I pushed her upwards, so she was sitting straight up on my cock, and began thrusting as fast as possible. I could hear our skin hitting each other. She rode me hard, moans become soft screams.

That dam was slowly bursting. Small bits of pleasure rolled over her entire body, little waves exciting every nerve ending. The waves became more and more before the bomb that was her orgasm was ignited. The fuse was burning rapidly.

"Caitlyn, I'm going to cum," I said loudly, tearing her away from her nirvana.

"Fill me. I want it all." My thrusts became hard jabs and on the third one, I erupted along with her.

I jammed deep in her, unleashing torrents of hot cum into her. She threw her head back and gave a giant moaning scream as the bomb in her blew up. Massive waves of ecstasy rolled over her with each shot of cum I fired. She shivered hard and began gasping like a marathon runner, her orgasm overtaking her body. I pushed more of my cock in her, dying to get all of my seed deep into her, warming her whole body. She only moaned louder. My cock twitched and shook as it fired its last few shots inside her as her orgasm died. She sank down deeper on my cock and sighed; happiest she had been in a long time.

I stared at her and watched as a bit of the huge amount of cum leaked out around my cock. She let herself fall on top of me and I caught her, still my cock buried inside.

"I feel so full. It's so hot in me." She brought her hand between her stomach and mine and rubbed her tummy. "I'm speechless." She leaned up and gave me a soft kiss.

"I told you how much I wanted you, several months ago," I said with a smile.

She nodded with a shy grin. "But God, if I knew it had meant sex this good, I would have fucked you months ago."

"What about-" She silenced me with a kiss.

"Let's get some sleep," she said, and then she looked at me with a mischievous glint in her eyes, "I'm not done with you. And I highly doubt you're done with me."

"You got that right."