 I've had a crush on Lesley ever since I met her, years ago.

We were in high school together, back in Pennsylvania. She had red hair down past her shoulders that shone in the sun, and hazel eyes that lit up with every joke we shared. Oh, did her laugh kill me, her laugh and the little freckles that spread across her cheeks and her shoulders. She was slender, with small but shapely breasts and a round little butt, tight and muscular from running track.

We were close friends, but despite my feelings for her, never more than that. We kissed once, after a party where we had both been drinking, and to this day I can recall the feeling of her lips pressed against mine, wet and warm and tasting slightly of Malibu rum. The next morning, over black coffee at the local diner, she apologized. She cherished our friendship, and loved me in her own way, and was sorry to have lead me on. That was all right with me: I cherished our friendship, too. And in fact, before we had kissed that night, I had been trying to hit on her friend Michelle, anyway.

Life went on, and we stayed in touch over the years, but you know how it goes. She went to Penn State, while I went to Columbia, so after high school we only saw each other briefly, over breaks. Then my family ended up moving out of state, while I fell in love with New York City, and so had less and less reason to go back to Pennsylvania. Weekly phone calls turned monthly, then turned to emails, with the gap between them growing farther and farther apart. She got married to some guy she'd met at college, and they had a couple of kids. I met a beautiful girl named Sara, and we lived together for a couple of years. I almost asked her to marry me, but before that happened she had a "quarter-life crisis," quit her job and asked me very tearfully if we could live separately again for a while. She insisted it wasn't a breakup, but in the end "a while" turned into "forever," as we both pretty much knew from the start.

In the meantime, my professional life took quite the interesting turn. I worked in finance, but writing was always what I loved. In my free time, I wrote short stories and random articles for various blogs. For a while, I worked on a novel, a science-fiction story about time travel. It was published to average reviews and middling sales, and so I kept on doing what I was doing. But then some Hollywood producer got his hands on it and thought it would make a great movie, and I very gladly signed over the rights. They changed the title, half the characters, and the entire ending, and to be brutally honest the movie itself was kind of crap. But the credit still said, "Based on the book by" my name, and sales of the novel went way, way up. Up enough that I could finally leave my finance job and dedicate all my time to writing.

And that's what eventually brought me and Lesley back together. My second book had just been published, and I was traveling all across the nation doing publicity. I was doing a reading-and-signing at a Barnes & Noble in Philly, and of course I recognized her as soon as she walked into the room and took her seat. The years had been good to her. She had grown curvier since high school, though she was still in fine shape, and the added curves only made her seem more womanly rather than girlish, beautiful rather than pretty. She wore her hair shorter now, to about shoulder level, and the red had turned darker and more copper-colored with time. Her freckled face and her eyes were as radiant as ever. She was wearing a simple, short-sleeved white blouse and a purple pencil skirt that hugged her shape nicely. She smiled and waved as she caught me looking, and I smiled and waved back, my heart suddenly pounding in my chest. It was great to see her again - why was I suddenly so nervous?

I got through the reading, then sat at the table the store had prepared for the signing. I went through the motions, shaking hands and inscribing books and thanking everyone for whatever compliment they made, until finally she came up.

"Hi," I said.

"Omigod, I'm so proud of you!" she gushed.

I stood up and we hugged over the table. Her perfume smelled of lilac. She kissed my cheek, her breath soft and warm on my face. Reluctantly, I let her go.

"How are you?" I asked.

"Oh, I'm good, I'm good," she said. "I'm so happy to see you!"

"I'm happy to see you," I said. "What's going on?"

"Oh, everything's good. Little Mikey's starting school in the fall, can you believe it? He's six!"

"That's amazing. Now, Mikey's the oldest?"

"No, he's the little one. Gregory's already eight."

"Eight? Holy crap. So the last time we saw each other was..."

"Yeah!" she said, and punched me hard in the arm. "Ten fucking years ago!"

"Jesus," I said.

The store manager, a gray-haired old man with thick glasses, interrupted. "Ma'am, I know you two know each other, but I still have to insist that you not punch the author. Even if he does have it coming."

"Sorry," Lesley said, laughing.

"Also," the manager continued, "I do have to ask that we keep the line moving, so that everyone here can get their books signed."

"I'm on the clock," I told Lesley, "but how about this?"

I quickly inscribed a note in her book, autographed it, then added my cell phone number, taking care to keep it hidden from public view.

"Text me some place we can meet and catch up, and I'll be there the second I'm finished here."

"I will," she said. Then she read my inscription. A tiny smile played across her face, and her freckled cheeks turned slightly red. "I definitely will." She followed the line out of the store.

I had written: "You're more beautiful than ever. I had no idea til just now how much I've missed you."

***

After the event was finished, I checked my phone, and drove to the address Lesley had given me. It was a cocktail bar, nice, but not so crowded that we couldn't talk to each other comfortably. I found Lesley sitting at a small two-top table towards the back of the bar, sipping an Old Fashioned. I said hey and kissed her cheek, and sat next to her. I wasn't sure, but she might have opened one more button on her blouse since the book signing. I tried not to stare, but her cleavage looked incredible, the pale, freckled skin of her breasts just crying out to be kissed. Involuntarily, my cock started to stiffen, and I forced myself to think about anything else. Luckily, the waitress came by then to take my drink order.

We sat there for nearly two hours, catching up on life, the universe, everything. Lesley talked about her career as a special education teacher, which she had put on hold when her first child was born, and had gotten back into only the year before. I recounted the strange twists and turns my work had taken. She told me about her family, her mother's recent battle with cancer - a battle she had won, thankfully, though it had put the family under tremendous strain. I told her about my long relationship with Sara and all its various ups and downs, and how after we had broken up how I had taken to running marathons as a way to cope with depression.

"No wonder you're in such good shape," Lesley said. "Not like me, I just let myself get fat!"

"What are you talking about?" I said. "You are not fat, don't even start with that. You look amazing."

"Thanks, hon," she said, smiling. "On the plus side, at least my boobs have gotten bigger."

"I hadn't noticed," I lied.

"Bullshit," she said, calling me on it and kicking me under the table. I caught her ankle and held it for a moment. She laughed, but didn't pull her foot away. I gave it a little squeeze and let it go.

I told her about all the places I'd been while promoting the new book, how I hadn't traveled nearly as much as I'd like before but was now getting a chance to see the country. She told me about her husband, Paul, and how he traveled a lot for his work. She also told me how she was confident he was having an affair, how he barely touched her anymore, and how the sex they did have tended to be quick and perfunctory.

"It's been over a year since my last really good orgasm," she said, her face flushed from whiskey and telling secrets. "Or at least one I didn't give myself."

Over the course of the conversation, we had both leaned in more and more over the table, and we suddenly became aware of how close our faces had gotten. We were inches apart, kissing distance.

Make a move, a voice inside me said.

Don't, said another, She's married and your relationship was never like that and don't mess it up by being creepy the first time you've seen her in years!

I hesitated, and she pulled back in her seat.

"I should probably head out," she said. "It's getting late, and Paul's mother is watching Gregory and Mikey. Paul's in Phoenix tonight."

"You don't have to," I said, trying to sound casual. "Let Grandma watch the kids for one more hour. I don't want to say goodbye yet, it's been ten years."

She pushed her hair back behind her ear. "Well, I guess one more drink would be fine."

"How about this," I said, my heart beating faster. "The bookstore gave me a bottle of 15-year-old Macallan as a gift. I want to taste it, but I'd much rather share it with somebody. My hotel's only a few blocks away from here, if you want we could go there and try it. You're a Scotch drinker, it's supposed to be really good."

Lesley looked me right in the eye. The mischievous twinkle that had tormented my teenage dreams was still there. She did like Scotch, but she also knew that if we went to my hotel room, there was a chance that maybe Scotch wouldn't be all we'd be having.

"Okay," she said.

***

She called her mother-in-law to say she'd be out a bit later while I went and fetched the bottle from my parked car. We held hands as we walked to the hotel, her skin soft and warm against mine. In the room, she kicked off her high-heeled shoes, and I poured a bit of golden whisky into two glasses. I spilled a drop of water from the sink into each, to wake up the flavors, and gave her a glass.

"To you," I said, holding up my glass to toast.

"To you," she said. We clinked glasses and sipped. The Scotch was good, warming as it went down.

And then Lesley's body was pressed against mine, her lips seeking mine out. I wrapped my free arm around her waist and squeezed her close as we kissed. Her soft tongue darted between my lips, exploring the inside of my mouth as I did the same to her. Her beautiful breasts squeezed against my chest, and my cock stirred, pushing against the fabric of my pants.

Without breaking the kiss, I took the drink from her hand and set both our glasses down on the dresser. She wrapped both her arms around my neck and we held each other close, kissing, the lilac scent of her perfume filling my nostrils and mixing with something else, a muskier, more animal smell. We broke the kiss off for a second to catch our breaths, and I moved down, kissing her neck, under her jaw. She sighed softly. I kissed lower, down her chest, finally burying my face between her breasts, relishing in the feel of her flesh pressed against my face.

I started unbuttoning her blouse from the top. She pulled the blouse's tails out from her skirt, I undid the last button, and she dropped the top to the floor. Her bra was cream-colored lace. I squeezed her beautiful, C-cup breasts through the fabric as I continued to kiss all around those amazing globes. With one hand I reached behind her and undid the clasp, then pulled the bra off her. Her breasts were the most incredible pair I had ever seen in my life, perfectly round and still incredibly perky, especially for a woman her age. Her nipples were small and pink and pointed straight out, hard. I cupped both breasts with my hands and took a nipple in my mouth, licking and sucking while Lesley ran her fingers through my hair.

"Oh baby, yes," she whispered.

I moved away from her nipple, kissing down her breast and into the canyon between them, then up the next tit until my mouth found her other nipple. I ran my tongue around it in circles, flicking at it while my hands massaged both breasts. Then I kissed down, down her soft belly, and teased her little belly button with my tongue. She giggled softly, and I gently pushed her down onto the bed.

I pushed her skirt up, revealing her smooth, toned legs and her lacy black panties. I kissed the insides of her thighs, nibbling at the skin of her left leg, then her right, slowly moving up, closer and closer to her panties. I could feel the heat of her sex as she moaned with pleasure. I ran a finger beneath the lace, feeling her soft pubic hair. She was already soaking wet. I kissed her cunt through her panties, breathing in her musk.

"Ohhhh," she moaned as I licked her through the fabric. I gave her ass a squeeze as I buried my face between her legs. She gasped. I reached up, grabbed the waistband, and pulled her underwear down, past her knees and ankles, and threw them aside. Now I was looking at her cunt, her beautiful, beautiful cunt with its perfect triangle of thick red hair covering her dripping pink slit. I dove in like I was starving, running my tongue up and down her hairy gash. She cried out, "oh, oh, oh, oh!" I sucked her clit, teasing the pink bud with my tongue while I pressed two fingers into her sopping pussy. I moved my fingers in and out, slowly, while I kept sucking and licking her engorged clit. I turned my hand so that my palm was up and curled my fingers, finding her G-spot and gently rubbing it while I licked.

"Oh God," she moaned, "Oh God oh yes oh God fuck yes yes oh fuck oh fuck OHHHHHHH!!"

Suddenly my face was soaked as juices poured from her cunt in a torrent. I kept going, lapping it all up as she bucked and thrashed against my face, cumming and cumming. After a minute, her spasms subsided and I lifted my head, wiping her juices from my face with my sleeve. Languidly, she slid off the bed and sat on the floor, in front of where I was standing. She reached up and unbuckled my belt and my zipper, then in one motion pulled my pants and underwear down to my feet. 

My cock was as hard as steel, standing thick and long in front of me, a droplet of precum bubbling from the head. With her right hand she stroked my dick, squeezing as she milked it, spreading the precum all up and down the shaft. With her left, she cupped my balls, rolling them gently between her fingers. Lesley got up on her knees, bringing her face to dick level. She continued stroking it, rubbing it against her cheeks. She lifted my cock up and slowly licked the underside, teasing the glans with her tongue before engulfing my cock with her mouth. The feeling was incredible, her mouth wet and warm as she sucked me, her hand stroking and squeezing along. I ran my fingers through her hair, savoring the feeling as her tongue rolled all around my hard dick. It was absolute bliss. She looked up at me, her beautiful hazel eyes locking onto mine, and I knew if I didn't stop her soon I'd be filling her sweet mouth with my cum, and that wasn't how I wanted to finish.

I bent down and lifted her up by the armpits, my cock slipping out of her mouth with an audible "pop." I placed her back down on the bed and said, "Why don't you get that skirt off." Smiling, she unzipped the side of her skirt and pulled the garment off while I hurriedly removed my shirt and socks. I joined her on the bed, kissing her, the both of us completely naked now. I took in the sight of her nude body: her full, natural breasts with their smattering of tiny freckles and erect pink nipples; her perfect hourglass shape; her pale, soft skin; and her lush, red bush, trimmed around the edges but still natural and full. 

She spread her legs wide, inviting me in. I hovered over her, kissing her deeply, squeezing and fondling her breast with my left hand while stroking her hair with my right. My cock teased her entrance, rubbing the wet folds of her slit with its engorged head.

"Oh fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," she whispered.

Slowly, I pushed my dick inside her. She was so wet, I just slid right in with practically no resistance at all. She gasped in my ear as the tip of my cock bumped the wall of her vagina and dug her fingernails into my shoulders. We fit together perfectly. I had to stop, I was so close to cumming right then and there. We remained still for a long moment, kissing each other gently, me inside her. After the danger had past, we started to move again. Ever so slowly I pulled out, until just the head of my cock remained inside her, then just as slowly I pushed back in. "Uhhhhnnn," she moaned. Gradually I picked up the pace, thrusting faster, harder, and she began bucking her hips in rhythm with my thrusts. The slick walls of her cunt squeezed tightly on my cock as we fucked. She wrapped her legs around my ass, holding my body closer, pulling me deeper inside her.

"Ahhhhh! Ahhhh! Oooooh!" she cried out. Her wet pussy gripped me tight, and I could tell she was about to cum again. I lowered my head to a bouncing tit and sucked hard on a nipple as I fucked her hard and fast. "Oh yes oh yes oh yes!" she gasped. I dropped a hand to her hot soaking bush and strummed her clit with two fingers as my dick pistoned in and out.

"UUUHHHHHHHNNNNNGGGGGHHH!!!!!" she screamed, her face turning bright red. The dam had burst again, and hot liquid poured out of her sex, over my strumming fingers, dousing my own pubic hair while her vaginal walls gripped my cock like a burning hot vise.

And that was all I was about to take. I pulled out completely and slid my cock between her pussy lips, in that beautiful red bush. With a gutteral howl, I came, spraying gobs and gobs of white, sticky cum all over her cunt, her belly, her tits. The cum poured out of me like a firehose. I fell down upon her, kissing her over and over again, while pressed between our bodies my spasming penis spurted its last few drops.

We lay there for a while, panting, bodies covered in sweat and cum. After we had mostly caught our breath, she spoke. 

"You know, it probably would have been okay for you to do that inside me. Good Lord!"

We laughed, and I reached over the side of the bed and picked up my abandoned boxer shorts. With the shorts I wiped the semen off her body, rubbing her belly and bush clean. I dropped the shorts back on the floor and flopped down on my back. She snuggled up to me, her arm around my chest, her face buried in my neck, her breasts pressed against my arm. I was in heaven.

"Why didn't we do this years ago?" I wondered.

"We weren't ready yet," she said.

I put my arm around her and pulled her to my face, and we kissed again, deeply, tenderly. Holding each other tight, we lay there together. 

After a minute, she rolled over and fiddled with the digital alarm clock.

"You know I can't spend the night," she said.

"I know," I said.

"Fifteen minutes," she said, and rolled back to me, kissing me, arms wrapped around me. I kissed her back and stroked her hair as she drifted off to sleep. I wanted to live in that moment forever.

***

I must have fallen asleep myself, because it seemed like no time had passed at all before that damned alarm clock began beeping, waking us both up. Lesley smiled and kissed me, then got out of bed.

"Stay with me," I said.

"I can't," she said. "You know I can't. I have to take a shower."

She kissed me again, then padded off to the bathroom, leaving the door open. I heard her turn the water on, adjust the temperature, and get in. I lay there another minute, thinking, remembering. It was as if my whole life had been leading up to that night, and at last, everything I'd ever wanted was coming true. But she couldn't stay. She had a family to go back to, a husband she was still technically married to. And it wasn't as though I was staying in Philadelphia, either. I had to drive to Baltimore the very next day for another event, and then the day after that I was getting on a plane to L.A. to meet with my agent and a producer about another project. This would be the only night I'd have with Lesley for a long time.
