 There are all shapes and sizes of cocks in the world and different women like different kinds. If you're a very lucky woman you wind up with a guy who's dick feels just right for you, hitting all the right spots in just the right way. When I was in college I dated a guy who had that perfect cock for me.

His name was Brian. We met early my freshman year and fell for each other right away. He had a certain way about him, boyishly cute but with a slightly cocky confidence that you didn't expect because he wasn't like some big stud, just a cute, preppy guy... but Oh My God his cock drove me crazy! 

We didn't even have sex until after we had dated a few weeks. I had been raised as a "good Catholic girl" with a fear of sex and was very inexperienced. It took awhile for Brian to convince me but when we finally did, it was amazing.

Brian's cock wasn't exactly huge but it was incredibly thick, "like a Diet Coke can" I used to say, and that girth was what did the trick, stretching and filling my young pussy perfectly, making me cum every time we fucked, which quickly became a LOT. 

The amazing thing is that he didn't need to do anything else other than fuck me to make me cum. We did other stuff of course once my Catholic guilt subsided. He would eat my pussy and finger me, play with my clit, and even slide a finger into my ass occasionally when I was riding on top of him, but that thick cock on it's own thrusting into me, filling and stretching my tight young pussy just did it for me. 

Unfortunately our relationship wasn't as good as the sex. Brian developed a big drinking problem and just became too much of a drunk to deal with. It was sad to see and I did what I could to try and help but it was too big a problem for me to solve and we finally broke up towards the end of our sophomore year. He tried a few times to get back together with me and we even fucked a few times here and there, but even with the sex being so great he just had too much of a problem for me to stay in the relationship.

After college I got married to a wonderful, sweet, successful man. We had a pretty good sex life but his cock was simply average and orgasms always took a lot of work, usually only coming only from my rubbing my clit furiously while my husband pumped away uselessly in my pussy. And now after 20 plus years of marriage, our sex life had grown completely stale and boring.

I lost track of Brian after school but thought of him from time to time and often masturbated remembering him and some of our sexier sessions from our two years together.Years later when Facebook first came along, I looked him up out of curiosity. I was happy to learn he had gone to rehab and had gotten his drinking problem under control. He was married and lived in Boston where he was a mid level executive. We touched base a few times but our lives were separate and far apart and that was the end of it. 

Until...

As my daughter Samantha started her senior year we began to discuss colleges and a couple schools in the Boston area were high on her list so we made plans to visit over a long weekend.

I found my mind wandering to Brian. Was he still there? It might be fun just to see him for lunch or dinner to give my daughter some local insight, I told myself, but really I was just curious and excited to see an old flame.

I sent Brian a Facebook message and he quickly agreed to meet us for dinner at a restaurant he recommended. I urged him to invite his wife to help it all seem proper and he said he would, so on the third night of our college trip my daughter and I took an Uber to meet a man whom I had simply described to her as "an old college friend".

We entered the quaint café a bit late and were led to a corner booth where Brian was already seated. Even though he had aged he still had that same boyish charm I remembered and a devilish spark in his eye as he greeted us, hugging me firmly before warmly shaking my daughters hand. His wife, he apologized, was unable to join us.

"That's too bad, I would have loved to have met her." I said politely, but inside I was not at all disappointed as it would have been awkward as my heart began racing the moment I saw him and I noticed a familiar tingle between my legs as we slid into the booth.

Brian was as adorably cute and charming as I remembered and as the night wore on I drank a fair amount of wine to ease the nervousness of this meeting. I found myself feeling tipsy and a little embarrassed by how excited I was and I kept catching Brian looking at me with a gleam in his eye that made my breathing quicken and my pussy moisten. 

It was the way he had used to look at me in college and I found myself feeling a little flushed every time his eyes met mine. Partly I was nervous about my daughter noticing, but I was also flustered because my pussy was getting wetter and wetter with each glance. 

To make matters worse, Brian seemed to sense I was turned on which just goaded him on as he continued to give me that look every time he could catch my eye. It was like the old days again; he wanted to fuck me and I couldn't help but feel aroused at the thought.

It was all making me so nervous with my daughter there but the secrecy added to my arousal. Thankfully she seemed oblivious as she finished her pasta and checked her phone constantly as bored teenagers do, even as Brian's eyes seemed to undress me right there at the table. 

The situation was really getting to me. I don't know if it was the wine or how badly my pussy was yearning for him but my breathing was becoming fast and light and my head was reeling. I needed to get away to pull myself together. 

I glanced at my watch noticing it was just after 10:00. "Oh my, Sam, we're going to need to go soon, it's late." I announced. "If you two will excuse me for a moment, I need to pop in to the ladies room." Brian smiled broadly at me with that damn knowing twinkle and my daughter just picked up her phone again. 

I was happy to find that the restaurant had private, individual restroom as I needed some privacy to gather myself. I locked the door with a click behind me and leaned back against the wall with a deep sigh. What was happening to me? Why was Brian having this effect on me? Just his glances had my pussy wet and tingling with desire even as I was totally unnerved. I went to the sink and ran some cold water as I looked into the mirror. 

At 44 years old I could see the signs of aging around my eyes but I took care of myself, doing yoga regularly and exercising so my body was still lean and toned even as middle age crept up on me. I stared into the matured face of the college girl Brian had known and took a deep breath. My face was a little flushed but not half as bad as I felt it might be with the way he kept looking at me. sI was startled out of my thoughts by a quiet firm knock on the door.

"Yes! Just a minute!" I called out. Damn, I had thought I might have some time to myself.

"Molly... It's me... Let me in!" Brian's hushed voice called from the other side.

What? What was he doing? What was going on? My heart raced as I panicked for a second, stammering back "What? Hold on.. I... What do you want?"

"Come on.. quick.. let me in!" he urged.

Confused I turned the bolt unlocking the door. The moment the bolt clicked back Brian pushed his way in in a rush, startling me back a step as he turned and quickly locked the door again.

"What are you doing?" I whispered.Brian turned and looked at me with those knowing devilish eyes twinkling with devious intent. 

"You know what I'm doing." He grinned broadly back at me, and suddenly we were at each other. 

Our lips met with the passion of old lovers as our tongues entwined and danced sensuously. His hands went right up the backs of my thighs, pulling up my dress as they slid all the way up over my ass, then down inside the waistband of my panties pulling them down. His warm, strong hands grabbed my firm ass and roughly pulled me against him.

I was so horny I couldn't stand it. I felt the soft bulge of his cock pressing against my lower belly. It had only just begun to stiffen, but I could still feel it's heavy thickness against me. My hands clutched at his back, his neck, my fingers ran through his hair as I gasped and moaned in the thrill of the moment. 

Brian brought his right hand around and slipped it down the front of my soaked panties. His strong fingers pushed down over my carefully trimmed bush and soft, shaved pussy finding their way easily between my puffy outer labia and sliding along the warm wetness of my inner lips. His fingers immediately became coated wth my slick wetness as I gasped with excitement and moaned a little to encourage him as he gently, yet forcefully slipped a thick finger up inside my sopping wet cunt.

Panting, I struggled to pull away. "We can't..." I moaned weakly but Brian held me firm and pushed his finger deeper. "Sam is out there.." I objected and then sighed as his thumb found and caressed my swollen clit. 

I reached down and began to rub his beautiful cock through his pants and instinctively began to clumsily search for his zipper. "We shouldn't ... I can't" I protested helplessly.

Brian pushed back and fixed me with a knowing look as he unzipped his fly and pulled out the beautiful, thick cock that I remembered so well. He stood there for a second, stroking himself just looking me in the eye. I looked right back for a moment, then quickly I pulled my panties down with one tug, kicking them off over my heels. 

Brian pulled me against him again locking me in a deep kiss as the warm, soft skin of his growing cock pressed against my trimmed little bush. My hand found its way down and began to rub and stroke it. It was like greeting an old friend. Familiar and comfortable but I was still amazed by the thickness of it as my fingers tried to wrap around the shaft.

Brian groaned his approval as i began to stroke up abd down his swiftly stiffening shaft and then, fixing me with a quick look in the eye, nudged me down guiding my head towards his throbbing cock.

I didn't need to be asked twice as I dropped eagerly to my knees in front of him, excited to see my old friend up close again. 

When I first met Brian I had only given head once in my life and hadn't loved it. The guy had a really small dick and he came almost immediately, startling me with a mouthful of bitter cum after just a few minutes, before I even really knew what I was doing. 

With Brian though I really learned to enjoy it. I fell in love with taking him in my mouth, playing with his warm, soft, thick cock passionately with my tongue. I loved feeling it grow and harden in reaction to my efforts as I worshipped its perfection. 

Giving him head became a joy for me and I began to get wet even thinking about sucking him and in particular making him cum with my mouth. Feeling it grow impossibly hard, working to bring him to the edge of release, feeling the strain as his orgasm built and then holding him there, teasing and enjoying his desperate need for release.

I would grow increasingly excited as his orgasm approached so that when I finally allowed him unload all his built up tension into me, it would bring intense spasms of pleasure for us both. The feeling of pleasing him was so satisfying that his cock releasing, pumping and shooting all his essence into my mouth felt like a special reward he shared only with me.

Now, here I was some 20 years later with that same big cock in front of my face and I went at it eagerly. "Oh Yes..." I sighed quietly as I kissed the head and licked up the underside of the shaft, then, stretching my mouth open, slid my wet, warm lips up over the head welcoming it's warm, soft, manly meatiness back inside me.

Brian held my head gently in both his hands watching me as I sucked down his cock, groaning quietly with each deep, warm, wet stroke up and down making his cock quickly swell to it's full, thick, rock hard glory.

"Yes Molly.. Yes.. That's it.. Yes.. Suck me." He urged softly. I could hear the intense pleasure in his voice and it felt so good to be sucking him again that I desperately wanted to keep going but my pussy was also screaming out for him and we didn't have much time with my daughter being left alone at our table. 

I took him deep one last time, holding him there as I looked up into his eyes, loving the feeling of his cock throbbing there, filling my mouth so I couldn't breathe. Then with a gasp I let him slide slowly out of my mouth leaving wet strings of spit hanging from his glistening head to my wet lips.

"Oh God it feels so good..." I sighed as I swallowed down the saliva flooding my throat looking up into his eyes and wiping my mouth. "I need you to fuck me.. please baby. I need to feel you insid me."

Brian pulled me to my feet, grabbing my ass he lifted me up onto the edge of the sink. I opened my legs wide for him exposing my shaved pussy to him, hooking my left heel up onto the sink. Brian pressed in and rubbed his shining wet cock tip up my slit to my clit and then back down. The thick head pushed between my soft puffy lips gliding enticingly over my delicate, pink inner labia until it found the welcoming entrance and forced it's way inside.

I felt like all the air in my lungs was forced out of me by the girth of it as it shoved its way inside. With an intense groan, my eyes rolled back in my head and my body shuddered as he thrust into me.

I remembered his cock being thick but even as wet and horny as I was I wasn't prepared for the feeling of it stretching me wide open, filling me and literally taking my breath away. 

Brian pulled back and then thrust forcefully again even deeper. He buried his face in my neck as he began to fuck me harder than I had been fucked in years. His cock pounded into me as I clung to him with every ounce of my strength trying not to scream in the tiny restroom bathroom.

Brian's thrusting was forceful and hurried as we knew we didn't have much time but already I felt an orgasm building inside me. I had been so horny and now the perfect cock I remembered was again filling me completely, hitting all the right spots.

"Oh my God I'm gonna cum!" I whispered, panting into his ear. "Oh God yes! Keep fucking me! Yes!" 

His thrusting intensified as he pistoned his thick cock deep into me, rising on his toes and groaning with the effort of each desperate, powerful thrust. 

"Yes... yes....!" I bit down on his shoulder to keep from crying out as my orgasm built and then, with one final deep thrust, crashed like a giant wave through my body. An intense surge of pleasure tensed every muscle, my abs contracting into a tight crunch as my pussy pulsed in powerful deep spasms stretched around Brian's thick shaft.

Brian held himself motionless there, straining with his cock deep inside me, filling me to perfection, letting me ride the waves of pleasure as I gasped and moaned into his shoulder. 

"Fuck.. I'm gonna cum too!" Brian suddenly groaned as the contractions of my tightly stretched pussy on his cock drove him over the edge. 

I had forgotten the feeling of what it was like to want to make a man cum in my mouth. It had been forever since I had even considered letting my husband do it but here, now, I was overcome with desire as the young college girl inside me remembered that feeling of truly wanting your man so much that you are driven to not only accept his essence, but treasure it. 

Here now in this tiny cramped bathroom I knew I needed Brian's cum in my mouth. I yearned to taste him and to feel his fat cock releasing all the tension of his orgasm in my mouth.

Even though my head was still reeling from my own orgasm and my pussy was still quivering so intensely that I was nearly blinded by it all, I still managed to push him back and drop clumsily off the sink, down onto my knees.

Brian grasped his cock in his fist, squeezing it as tight as he could holding back his orgasm as I eagerly positioned myself before him.

"Yes! Fucking suck it!" he panted and shoved it forward as I opened my yearning lips wide and eagerly welcomed his wet, pussy-coated cock into my mouth. I had to force my jaw open as wide as I could to take him as he released his grip on the base of his shaft and with a guttural groan let me suck him deep inside me in one deep plunge.

I could taste my pussy cum all over his cock as it filled me and its sweet muskiness mixed with his precum was amazing as I sucked his thick cock deep into my mouth. He pushed his way to the back of my throat, then released his pressure on my head letting me bob up and down urgently on his thick shaft.

There was no time to play and savor sucking him, I needed him give me his load NOW so I sucked him hard and fast, stroking the slick shaft with my hand rapidly, intent only on making him give me my reward.

Happily I didn't have to wait long. After just a few deep plunges Brian groaned, "Yes, Yes..." and with a grunt his knees buckled as his cock jerked and erupted, flooding my mouth with a huge blast of his sweet, hot cum.

"MMmmmmm" I moaned breathily in satisfaction as his cock twitched over and over again, pulsing and pumping his load into my hungry mouth. My lips were wrapped tight just over the heavy ridge of his cockhead, so the first three or four hot, thick spurts coated my tongue with hot creaminess until Brian drove his hips forward, pushing his still spurting cock deeper as it continued to twitch and jerk, pumping one thick gout of cum after another into my mouth and throat. My whole body trembled with pleasure and I emitted little panting gasps as each twitch from his cock filled me with more.

I was in a cum-drunk orgiastic stupor as Brian groaned and clung to my head for dear life, holding me down tightly as his cock kept cumming, pumping what felt like every last drop from the bottom of his heavy balls into my stuffed full mouth. I had to focus hard on keeping my lips tightly sealed to not let any overflow and leak out over my chin and onto my dress, no easy task as his cock already stuffed my mouth so full there was little room for much more.

As I said, it had been forever since I had even considered letting my husband cum in my mouth but something about Brian and the frenetic, sexy intensity of this quick bathroom fuck made me feel young again and fully alive. My heart raced with excitement of the moment; me on my knees, holding tight to Brian's hips as he held me down on his still twitching cock filling me with warm cum while my own pussy still quivered from the orgasm he had brought out of me was an image of sexy perfection.

I felt like I had found a fountain of youth and it was throbbing gently in my mouth, sharing with me it's wondrous essence. My whole body was glowing, radiant in the joy of the moment.

As our orgasms subsided, Brian pulled his cock slowly out of my mouth. My tongue instinctively gathered the gift left behind into a warm pool before swallowing it greedily with a hard gulp, followed by a satisfied sigh as I looked up into his face, my eyes twinkling with thankful appreciation. 

It felt like a gallon as his huge load slid down my throat, and it's sticky thickness almost gagged me a little, but it was such a joy to have made him cum, and to have cum so hard myself, that I felt blessed to slide it down into my belly... and I didn't have to worry about cum oozing out of my freshly fucked pussy for the rest of the night.

Brian stood over me holding his wet cock in his fist panting to catch his breath looking down at me with that look of his again. He slowly squeezed up the thick shaft milking a pearly white ooze of cum out the tip.

"A little more for you" he said smiling down at me.

I looked him straight back in the eye and sucked the head of his cock back into my mouth, licking the tip clean before then working my way down the shaft and back up in one last, slow, loving suck all the way up, carefully cleaning his cock before releasing him and swallowing the last precious drops. 
