 Day 5 -- Tuesday

Miami, Florida 2012 -- But not our universe

Ray slept in late the next morning, finally getting up at around 11am and heading down to the beach to check out Christine and Nick's beach house. 

It was a relatively overcast day so the beach was pretty quiet, with only a handful of swimmers and surfers around. Ray probably looked a little out place, wearing grey suit pants and a short sleeved shirt, but he was an accountant after-all, so his casual, beach-going wardrobe was pretty much non-existent.

Ray made his way along the beach to the address that Tommy had given him. Nick and Christine's beach house looked expensive. It was directly overlooking the best part of the beach, with a big swimming pool and a very modern looking house. The sight of the flash house reminded Ray how great life had worked out for the former high school bully Nick Cooper, whilst nerdy Ray William's life was mired in mediocrity.

Ray figured that what bothered him most about Nick screwing his wife was that Melissa was the one good thing he had that Nick Cooper didn't. By fucking her up the ass, Nick had everything once again. Ray was more determined than ever to take something back, to get a little piece of Nick's perfect life. Fucking Christine, Nick's wife, was the perfect remedy to Ray's unjustified anger.

Ray squinted at the beach house from his spot on the beach, unfortunately he couldn't see much from this distance. He had to get closer. Ray looked around the beach and saw the nearby lifeguard tower was manned. That gave him a great idea, they were bound to have binoculars in there.

Ray hurried over to the lifeguard station just as the lifeguard was emerging, and he stopped in his tracks. She was absolutely gorgeous. The lifeguard was a blonde Californian bombshell, with a slim, well toned and deeply tanned body, bleached hair and a massive set of knockers that would rival even Melissa's. She was wearing a bright red one piece swimsuit and looked quite a lot like Pamela Anderson.

Ray had been quite a fan of Baywatch as a teenager, so the sight of this Pamela Anderson lookalike lifeguard caused an immediate stirring in his nether regions.

"Wow," he breathed in admiration, she was hot enough to almost make him forget about Christine Taylor, or Cooper or whatever she was called now. He knew that it would be a risky diversion, but after missing out on those twins back in L.A., Ray was reluctant to turn down another one of his fantasies. "Can I get a blowjob?"

"Sure," replied the lifeguard with an indifferent shrug. "But you'll need to keep an eye on the swimmers while I suck you off," she told him, passing him a pair of binoculars.

Ray grinned, "Perfect."

As the busty lifeguard knelt down in the sand at his feet, Ray lifted the binoculars and pretended to look out to sea.

He gave a satisfied sigh as the Pamela Anderson lookalike unzipped his pants and pulled out his semi-erect penis, giving it a few quick strokes in her soft hand before leaning in and taking it into her warm mouth.

"Ahhh," he gave a sigh, patting the top of her blonde head with one hand as she started to suckle on his half-mast pole.

While the lifeguard started to bob her head and slurp noisily, Ray turned the binoculars on the beach house behind them. He twisted the focus dial and zoomed in on house.

As he spied for any sign of the bully and his hot cheerleader wife, his cock started to respond to the blonde lifeguard's oral attentions, rapidly thickening in her mouth.

"You're good," complemented Ray as she sucked his cock dutifully.

The busty lifeguard lifted her mouth off his penis, stroking in a few more times in her hand, the saliva coated shaft gliding smoothly between her fingers. "Is this as big as it gets?" she asked as she peered critically at Ray's four and a half inch dong. 

Ray frowned at her comment, "just keep sucking."

The lifeguard gave a shrug, her impressive melons jiggling inside her red swimsuit. "Don't forget to keep an eye on those swimmers," she reminded him, and then plunged her mouth back down over Ray's cock causing him to swear vociferously in appreciation.

The blonde sucked forcefully on Ray's erection, bobbing her head rapidly in an effort to get him off as quickly as possible and let her get back to her duties.

Ray moaned and almost unconsciously started to sway his hips, his cock slowly thrusting to meet the lifeguard's enthusiastic sucks.

He again turned the binoculars back on the beach house, zooming in through the kitchen window to see none other than Nick and Christine Cooper having lunch. Bingo.

This time he recognised Christine right away. There was no mistaking that angelic, beauty queen face and long golden blonde hair. The sight of her gorgeous face brought the memories of his high school dreams rushing right back to him and caused his cock to swell even harder inside the sucking mouth of the lifeguard kneeling in front of him.

Suddenly he was distracted by a few shouts from back on the beach. Ray lowered the binoculars and twisted back around to see what was going on.

"Shit!" the lifeguard popped her mouth off Ray's erection. "I thought you said you'd watch the water for me?" she snapped angrily. It looked like someone was in trouble a short distance out in the surf.

The Pamela Anderson lookalike jumped to her feet and raced out towards the water, leaving Ray standing there with his pants around his ankles and his erection bobbing in the wind, still glistening with her saliva.

"Damn it," he muttered under his breath as he pulled his pants back up and tucked away his painful erection.

Instead of waiting for the lifeguard to come back and finish his blowjob, he decided to go and take a closer look at the beach house. Maybe he could get Christine to finish him off.

There was a low, white picket fence around the edge of the property that Ray hurriedly stepped over. He crouched low as he jogged past the swimming pool and crept up the nearby kitchen window, as much as possible trying to stay low and out of sight.

His stealth turned out to be unnecessary, because as he peeked through the kitchen window he saw that Nick and Christine were very much distracted.

Nick was lying naked on the floor of the kitchen, straddled by his stunning, and equally naked wife. Christine was riding him reverse cowboy style, her ample breasts cupped in her own hands as her hips rolled, grinding herself down on her husbands reportedly sizeable cock.

"Wow," breathed Ray in admiration as he watched Nick's wife ride him. The beautiful blonde was bouncing enthusiastically on Nick's cock, squeezing her own big tits and pinching her nipples. She had her eyes closed and was moaning ardently in apparent pleasure as they fucked. Ray briefly and bitterly wondered if his wife had moaned like that when Nick had rogered her. 

Ray glanced back towards the beach to check no one was looking at his peeping tom antics. He saw that the lifeguard had pulled a young man out of the surf and was now giving him mouth to mouth on the beach. Ray smirked and wondered if the poor guy could taste Ray's cock on the blonde's breath.

"Oh Nick!" came Christine's loud moans from the house, bringing Ray's attention back to the fucking couple.

Christine looked absolutely gorgeous as she rode Nick's cock. Her body was flawless, flexing as she ground herself down onto her husband.

"Fuck," moaned Ray, rubbing his erection through his pants. He would have given anything to trade places with Nick.

Ray shook his head in irritation, he hadn't cum since the previous morning when he'd fucked that woman outside the airport. He was well overdue for some relief.

Ray slowly and quietly moved away from the window and glanced over at the house next door. He was pleasantly surprised to see a very attractive woman standing in the bedroom of the neighbours' house.

She had long black hair and looked to be in her late thirties or so, but in a well preserved, MILF kind of way. The woman was getting dressed and had just put on a lacy white bra over a substantial pair of knockers, meaning that Ray had just missed the chance to see those beauties.

Ray glanced briefly back towards Nick and Christine's place, but he knew it was no use trying now, Christine was clearly not alone and available.

"Fuck it!" he muttered, rubbing his bulging crotch through his pants as he hurried over to the neighbour's front door and knocked eagerly. 

Ray's heart sank as the door was opened by a middle aged man smoking a tough looking middle aged man smoking a cigarette.

"Can I help you?" the man asked, looking Ray up and down suspiciously.

Ray sighed. "Never mind," he muttered dejectedly as he turned away from the confusing looking man and headed back down to the beach. Hopefully Pamela had finished resuscitating the swimmer.

Sure enough, the lifeguard had finished her mouth to mouth. Now however, she looked like she was performing mouth to cock. Her talented mouth was bobbing over the young man's erection, his swimming trunks down around his ankles.

Ray shook his head in disappointment. This was not his day.

Ray looked up and down the beach, scanning for a solo female. There had to be some pretty surfer chick or topless sunbather down here without a husband or boyfriend in tow.

Before Ray could search too far he heard the sound of a loud car engine starting up behind him. He spun around to see a car pulling out of the driveway to Nick and Christine's place. It was his chance!

Ray clapped his hands together in his excitement and flat out ran back up the beach towards the house, his heart hammering in his chest and his balls tingling in anticipation.

He didn't even bother running around to the front of the house, but instead banged urgently on the back door beside the pool.

"Ray fucking Williams!" greeted Nick Cooper in surprise as he pulled open his door. "What the fuck are you doing in Florida?"

Ray's eyes went wide in surprise. He'd been too excited to even check who it was that had left the house. No it seemed he was alone, but with Nick and not his sexy cheerleader wife. A disaster!

Ray swallowed. "Hi Nick, how's it going?" Memories of getting beaten up and bullied by the quarterback were quickly flooding back into his mind.

"Fuck me! The damn waterboy!" remarked Nick, still clearly surprised, he reached out and clapped Ray painfully hard on the shoulder. He was still as strong as ever, and as rough. 

"Er, I was just passing by and thought I'd say hi..." murmured Ray meekly. He was still a little horrified to be face to face with his old tormentor.

"Small world," said Nick. He suddenly reached out and grabbed Ray in a headlock, squeezing his neck violently and rubbing his knuckles on the top of Ray's head.

"Ow!" yelped Ray, he'd always hated it when Nick did that to him. Nothing had changed.

"Shit, who'd of thought it. Ray fucking Williams," murmured Nick. "It must have been about ten years since I've seen your scrawny little carcass."

"Twelve years," correct Ray. His mind was racing for an excuse to leave. "How's Christine?"

"Smoking hot as ever," Nick said with a broad grin. "You know, I bumped into your wife last week."

"Oh really?" replied Ray, feigning surprise, but feeling a sense of dread in his gut.

"Yeah, she's a babe. You did well for yourself waterboy."

"Thanks," murmured Ray quietly.

"She's got one of the tightest snatches I've ploughed in years. Like an eighteen year old virgin," commented Nick. "Probably on account of your needle-dick. But don't worry, me and the boys gave it a good stretching. She's got a sweet little ass on her too. What's her name again?"

Ray gritted his teeth. "Melissa."

"Yeah, that's it. Sweet girl," Nick looked past Ray. "I don't suppose she's down here with you is she?" he asked hopefully.

"No."

"Shame."

Ray took a quick breath, "Well, I'd better get going. Good to see you again Nick."

"You too waterboy."

Ray turned to leave and suddenly felt Nick's strong hands on his sides. His eyes went wide and then the breath rushed out of him as the former quarterback gripped the sides of Ray's underwear and yanked upwards, giving him a painful wedgie. 

Ray yelped in pain as his underwear was ripped upwards, digging hard into his already painful balls and uncomfortably far up into the crack of his ass.

Nick was laughing his head off as he pushed the door shut.

After Ray had extracted his ripped underwear from his ass he staggered back onto the beach, heading away from Nick's place. He officially hated Florida.

Ray was about to head back to his motel to drown his sorrows with a bottle of wine when he saw that the buxom lifeguard had just finished up with the swimmer and was on her way back to her post.

Determined not to be too late yet again, Ray ran down the beach towards her, stumbling a couple of times in the sand.

The pretty blonde lifeguard gave him a slightly annoyed look as he raced up to her. "I thought you'd gone," she remarked simply. It didn't seem that she'd forgiven him for taking his eyes off the water earlier on while she was giving him head.

"Can you finish me off, we got interrupted earlier on," Ray unzipped his pants and yanked down his ripped underwear. His cock had softened after his run in with Nick, but he was pretty sure the voluptuous beach babe would have little trouble inspiring him back to stiffness.

The lifeguard glared at him and for a moment Ray thought she was going to do the unthinkable and refuse his request. After a strained pause, the blonde sighed and got down on her knees in front of him. Ray breathed a sigh of relief as she sucked him back into her wet mouth. That was crazy thinking she was going to turn him down, it would have been terribly bad manners on her part.

"Don't worry, I'm definitely watching the water this time," Ray assured the cocksucking lifeguard, patting her on the top of her head.

It didn't take long for the Pamela Anderson lookalike to work her magic and suck the stiffness back into his cock. As Ray grew to his full four and a half inches, he reached down, running his fingers through the lifeguard's soft blonde hair and starting to thrust himself into her mouth.

The busty blonde seemed to have no trouble taking his full length as he tightened his grip on her head and fucked her face in earnest. With each vigorous jolt of his hips he slammed his cock in to the hilt between her soft lips, his over-stimulated testicles slapping against her chin.

This went on for several minutes, until the lifeguard sped things up considerably by peeling down the top part of her red swimsuit and exposing her ample funbags. Ray shifted his grip from her head to her jugs, squeezing and kneading the firm round melons as he continued to drive his erection in and out between her sucking lips.

Ray has always had a thing for Pamela Anderson's impressive tits, so the feel of those perfect norks filling his palms quickly became too much for him. With a throaty grunt of lust, Ray exploded in the blonde's mouth, his thick salty cum spurting across her tongue as he squeezed hard on her breasts.

The lifeguard dutifully swallowed down his load and made sure to suck him clean before letting his spent organ slip from her mouth.

"That was awesome, thanks a lot," said Ray in appreciation. He gave her impressive boobs one last grope before pulling his pants back up and heading back to the motel. At least his day hadn't been a complete write off after all.

Back at the motel, Ray gave Melissa a call.

"Hi Mel, how's it going? Is your father any better?"

"He's much better Ray," replied his wife. "He even got the nurse to give him a blowjob just after lunch. Me and mom were so pleased."

"That's great," said Ray. "When are you coming home?"

"I'll probably stay one more day and head home on Thursday," Melissa told him. "I miss you so much and can't wait to see you again."

Ray smiled. "I've missed you too." Thursday was perfect; it would still give him a couple of days to work out how to get at Christine.

"Oh, one of dad's old work buddies came to visit him in the hospital today too," added Melissa. "He asked me to give him a blowjob while the nurse was sucking off dad."

"Really?" asked Ray with a scowl. He was starting to dislike these phone calls to his wife.

"Yeah, it was funny sucking an old man's cock," Melissa elaborated. "He didn't get as hard as you get, or Dr Ross did yesterday, and afterwards I found a couple of grey hairs on my tongue."

"Is that right," murmured Ray, trying to be as polite as possible.

"But he seemed to cum a lot. I almost choked on his load," she added.

"Mmm," murmured Ray.

"It made me miss your penis though Ray," added Melissa tenderly, immediately softening Ray's anger. "I can't wait to get home and get your lovely cock back in my mouth where it belongs."

Ray swallowed. "I can't wait either."