 When Paul woke up that morning his head felt like it was being pounded on by a sledge hammer. He slowly got up out of bed and slowly walked to the bathroom to take a very long piss. Afterwards he went to the kitchen were luckily his coffee maker was set on a timer and there was a fresh pot ready for him. After drinking two cups of coffee and a bagel he tried to remember everything that happened to him last night. Everything was a haze to him; he could barely remember his own birthday. It wasn't until he noticed the scrapes on the knuckles on his right hand that it all came back to him. 

"That Fucking Bitch!" he said loudly and pounding migraine shot right through his head reminding him that he was still suffering from a hangover. 

He went over the events that had occurred the day before. It all started while having lunch with his fiancée, Amy. He still remembered how surprised he felt when she said that she wanted to call off the wedding and stop seeing each other altogether. At first he argued with her, trying his best to make her change her mind and figure out why she wanted to do this. He caused quite a scene at the restaurant and the manager asked them both to leave. They went to the park across the street to continue their conversation. After about fifteen minutes of him pleading with her to reconsider, she finally blurted out that she was seeing another man and that she was in love with him. The sudden shock from this revelation felt like someone actually took a knife and stabbed him twenty times in the heart. He just stood there in silence while she ran off to her car and drove off. 

Paul called his office and told him he was taking off the rest of the day and went home. He called his best friend Tom, whom he knew since junior high school, he always had something good to say to cheer up his friends. 

"Dude, you don't need her," Tom said over the phone. "There are plenty of women out there who wouldn't dog you like that, don't give her another thought." 

"I can't stop giving her another thought, I was in love with her," Paul replied. "You can't just stop thinking about somebody you had a relationship with for three years and forget her five minutes later." 

Paul heard someone knocking on a door over the phone and Tom told him to hold on while he went to get it. He heard a lot of whispering between Tom and another person, it sounded like a woman but he wasn't sure. 

"Listen Paul," said Tom. "My sister just showed up at the door, I have to go. Why don't we meet each other later tonight at McDougal's and we'll drink your problems away." 

"Alright then," Paul agreed. 

As soon as they both hung up their phones Paul started crying on the couch like a little child He felt quite ashamed of crying like this and was glad that nobody was their to see this pitiful display. After awhile he washed his face of his tears and gathered himself back together and spent the next few hours watching TV and contemplating on his situation. He wondered if he should crawl back Amy and beg her to come back to him. 

Later Paul got dressed and headed out to Tom's apartment. He did agree to meet him at McDougal's, but then he remembered that Tom's car was still in the shop for inspection and decided to go pick him up. 

As Paul parked his car in front of Tom's apartment building he noticed that the car in front of his looked very similar to Amy's car. He dismissed this notion thinking it was no way her car and went up to Tom's apartment. Tom didn't answer the door the first three times Paul knocked on it. He had a spare key to the apartment of his own that Tom gave to him in case of an emergency and just let himself in. As he walked through the apartment he was about to call Tom's name when he noticed a pair of woman's shoes on the floor, and a trail of woman's clothing leading up to the bedroom. 

"Your sister, yeah right," Paul said smiling. 

Paul was thinking that the person he heard on the phone wasn't Tom's sister but some girl that he was seeing and for some reason covered it up by saying it was his sister. He walked up to the bedroom and heard sex noises from the other side of the door. It was slightly opened so Paul decided to take a sneak peak at who this girl was. It was only fair play since Tom did the same thing to him a few times over the years, the last time with Amy. 

As he pushed the door slightly open he saw Tom banging this hot brunette from behind while she was on her hands and knees. Paul couldn't see the brunettes face because it was turned the other way, but he saw how Tom was really giving it to her and said all sorts of nasty shit to her in the process. Paul was covering his mouth trying to keep himself from laughing. But then the brunette turned her head and he saw that it was Amy. That stabbing pain he felt in his heart earlier now felt like someone just tore through his chest and ripped out his heart and all his internal organs. 

"DAMN IT" he yelled and smashed his fist into door frame. 

This scared the hell out of Tom and Amy as they both jumped off the bed. Paul ran the hell out of the apartment building and got in his car to drive away. He banged into Amy's car as he drove off; he saw that he caused her car more damage then it did to his so that made him sort of happy. He drove to a neighborhood bar, not McDougal's because he was afraid that Tom might try to find him there, but another place and just started drinking. After a couple of hours of drinking and becoming drunker then he has ever been before in his life, the bartender called him a cab and that's how he got home. 

***** 

Paul stopped thinking about the events that happened to him the day before and went to take a shower in hopes that it might help with his hangover. Afterwards, he got dressed and went out to see some of his other friends for some support and to trash Tom for being a bastard. They all agreed that Tom was a bastard, but did nothing to help him with his situation. 

"Why don't we take you out to a strip joint tonight?" asked David, one of Paul's friends. 

"That's your answer to everything," said Jake, another of Paul's friends. 

"You're just saying that because you're wife is here," David replied. 

They all looked over at Rachel who was sitting next to Jake. 

"No, that really is your answer to everything," Rachel said. 

But it was the answer to Paul though because his mind started churning up all sort of ideas. In the next town over, Tom's younger sister, Jane is a part time student at a university and she supports herself by working at a strip joint. Tom was always very protective of his sister, he was always coddling her ever since they were both little. He always fought guys who harassed her in high school, he always drove off boyfriends who wouldn't leave her alone, lending her money or covering for her when she was getting into trouble. He even once beat up the guy who took her virginity. He was about to beat up the next guy who she had sex with but realized that she was a big girl now and she would be having sex a lot and there was no way he could stop that. Then in her second year of college she wanted to start supporting herself instead of taking money from her parents and went out to get a job of her own. After a few failed jobs she somehow found her way to being a stripper where the cash was just pouring in. Tom was furious when he found out but remembered that she was a big girl now and could make her own decisions. Paul was the only one that Tom told that she worked as a stripper and swore him to secrecy. 

What Tom didn't know was that Jane always had a little crush on Paul every since she was old enough to start liking boys. She was always flirting with him when Tom wasn't around and wearing revealing clothes in front of him. Before Paul went off to college she made a move on him and they both made out with each other on the couch, afterwards they promised each other never to tell Tom. 

But now it didn't matter to Paul anymore. If he could hookup with Jane for one night it would be devastating to Tom. Later that evening he drove off to the next town to find Jane. Luckily, he remembered the name of the club that she worked at, and called them up and asked if she was working tonight. They said she is on stage right now and will be done her shift in two hours. It would take him an hour to get there, so left right away. 

Even though it took him an hour to get to the city where the club was, but it took him half an hour to find the place. When got there he was amazed by how big it was and how many people was inside. There were three girls on stage and one of them was Jane. He couldn't believe how beautiful she has gotten; long blonde hair, a great ass, long slender legs, and these amazing double-D tits with large nipples, either they were fake or she has really blossomed in the last few years since he last saw her. 

When the song was over, she and the other girls got off stage to make their rounds around the bar to collect dollar bills from the patrons. It took Jane a really long time to get around to Paul because every guy she gets some dollars from would start talking to her for a long time. This gave time for Paul to come up with something to say, but he still couldn't come up with anything, mostly because he was distracted by two other strippers who came up to him for dollar bills and tried to get him to buy a couch dance. Finally, Jane came around to Paul. She looked at him for a moment trying to recognize who he was, and then her face lit up with joy when she realized it was Paul. 

"Oh my God," she said loudly and gave him a huge hug. 

She pressed her tits up against Paul's body; he instantly achieved a small erection that he hoped she wouldn't notice. 

"What are you doing here? She asked as she let go of the hug. 

"I came here to see you," Paul replied. 

"Really? Why?" 

"I don't know, I was just thinking about old times and started thinking how you were and what you've been up to." 

"Uh huh," she said in a suspicious tone of voice. "And you're going to tell me that Tom never told you that I'm a stripper now." 

Paul's face blushed; he was completely embarrassed and didn't know what to say. 

"Its Ok, I don't mind that," she said. 

"But this isn't the reason why I came to see you, I really did miss you," he said. 

"Stop the bullshit, Paul. Tom called and told me what he did to you." 

"He did? Why?" 

"He needed somebody to talk to, but I told him to fuck himself." 

"Why?" 

"Last summer the asshole told my parents what I do and they were furious with me. They still won't leave me alone about it." 

"Damn, he seems to be pissing off everybody lately," Paul said jokingly. 

"And then he set me up on a date with one of his clients last month, and the guy had his hands all over me. I told Tom about it and do you know what he said?" 

"What?" Paul asked. 

"He told me that I was supposed to sleep with him." 

"WHAT?!" 

"Yeah. He figured that because I was a stripper that I would be slutty enough to sleep with his client to help him further his career. And he said it calmly as if it's no big deal. 

"Are you serious?" Paul said angrily. "He used to beat up guys who looked at you the wrong way." 

"I know," she said. "And now he calls me as if nothing had happened. He could go fuck himself." 

"Shit," Paul replied. "It was one thing to fuck me over, but you're his sister." 

"Tell me about it." 

They talked for a little while longer, mostly trash talking Tom. She left for ten minutes so she could change into her casual clothes, which was good for Paul because he had trouble talking to her and looking at her face and not her tits. She came back to the bar fully dressed and they ordered a few drinks with Tom. They reminiscing about the good old days, and eventually talked about that time they made out with each other. During this time Paul felt a little guilty about actually trying to use Jane to get back at Paul so he decided to forget about his plan. Paul looked at his watch, it was nearly 11pm, and they talked for a very long time. 

"It's getting late now" said Paul. 

"Yeah, we should get going." 

Paul decided to make a bold move other then his previous intentions. 

"Do you think we could go out sometime for dinner?" he asked. 

"Or you could come back to my place and fuck like crazy," she replied. 

Paul actually gulped after hearing that; he wasn't sure how to respond. Was she joking or serious? 

"Um, are you serious?" he asked. 

"Of course I am," she replied. 

The look in her eyes told him that she was indeed serious about her offer. 

"Listen, we don't have to—" 

"Paul, listen to me," she interrupted. "If you want to get back at my brother, this is the moment. You fucking his little sister is great revenge, this is your window of opportunity so you better take it fast." 

She got off her stool and started walking to the door. As she walked away, Paul checked out her nice round ass behind those tight jeans that she was now wearing. 

"What the hell am I doing?" He asked himself. "I almost turned her down." 

He got off his barstool and went after her. He followed her to her apartment in his car and as soon as they entered through the front door they were all over each other. They started tearing off each others clothes on their way to the bedroom and were both completely naked by the time they got to her bed. Paul's cock was fully erect and was harder then he had ever felt it before. Jane made Paul sit at the edge of the bed and got down on her knees. 

"Just to let you know, I'm only doing this to piss off my brother like you," she said. "Not all strippers are sluts and sleep with any random guy." 

"I know, I'm fully aware of that." 

"Good," she said. 

And without any warning she shoved Paul's massive cock straight into her mouth and quickly made work of it. Her mouth was firmly sealed around the shaft, her tongue lathered it up with her saliva to lubricate it and make suction noises that she knows men like to hear when getting a blowjob. Paul just sat back and enjoyed the ride. He had blowjobs from dozens of women over the years, but he never had one like this before, Jane worked his cock like a true professional. She started deep throating him and felt his cock touch the back of her throat several times and she made gagging noises every time she did it. She kept on going for a good half hour on her knees, Paul tried to get her up to start having sex but she wouldn't have it, she was having more fun eating his cock then Paul was at getting it. Paul was holding back his climax before he realized that is what Jane was trying to get him to do, so he just stopped holding back and blew a huge wave of hot white cum straight into her mouth, and she swallowed every last drop. 

Afterwards she got on the bed and Paul got right on top of her. They rolled around the bed for a while, kissing and pressing their naked bodies against each other. Paul got Jane on her back and began kissing her all the way her tits. He began kissing and sucking on them as if he were a child they were big mounds of candy. It was during this that he realized that they felt too good to be fake and had to be real. He enjoyed sucking on her large nipples which were extremely hard. 

Paul brought his cock up to Jane's pussy and drove it right in. Her pussy was tight, but very warm and wet. Jane hadn't had a cock that big in her for a while so feeling Paul's cock hurt a lot, but in a very exhilarating way. Paul started pounding away at her, slowly at first and then worked his way up to going faster and much harder. Jane was screaming at the top of her lungs for him not to stop. 

Jane got Paul on his back and was now on top of him. She pulled her hair back in a bun then put Paul's cock back inside her. She looked down at him and smiled as she started grinding her hips around on his cock. Paul hand his hands on her hips, enjoying the view of Jane's incredible body swaying around. Then she started jumping on his cock, and Paul in returned thrusted himself upward. Her large tits were flying around and Paul reached up to grab one of them. 

Paul grabbed her and threw her off of him, which took Jane completely by surprise. He then forced her on her stomach and made her get on her hands and knees. Jane didn't argue with Paul tossing her around as he did, she always enjoys being played roughly with during sex. Paul spread her legs a little and shoved his cock right back into her pussy. He placed his hands firmly on her hips and began pounding away at her pussy again. His mind went back to the image of his best friend doing the same thing that he's doing now to his former fiancée. He forced the image out of his mind, he didn't want to be thinking about his Amy while fucking a woman who is a thousand times hotter the she ever was. At that thought he began pounding Jane's pussy harder and faster with every last strength he had. His face was beginning to turn bright red and the veins in his neck were throbbing so much they looked like they were about to burst. Jane was screaming louder then she ever had before, she could hardly contain herself. She climaxed twice in a row; she never did that with a man before. With a woman, yes, but never with a man. 

It wasn't long before couldn't hold himself back much longer and needed to shoot out his cum. He pulled himself out of her and turned her around on her back. He started jerking off at her tits while she got them ready by cupping them both together. It was finally time and his cum fired all over her tits, covering them completely in its hot, white liquid. 

"DAMN" Paul yelled. "I never came like that before." 

"I never been fucked like that before either," she replied. 

He laid down right next to her with a huge smile on his face. He turned to look at her and watched as she scooped off some of cum of her tits with her fingers and put it in her mouth. She looked at him and then jumped off the bed. 

"I'll be right back," she said. 

She went to bathroom for a few minutes and when she came out her tits were cleaned of Paul's cum. She then went to her pants that were lying in the hallway and got her cell phone. She set it up on the dresser and set up the timer in it to take a picture. 

"Quickly," she said as she got back into bed. "We're taking a picture." 

They huddled up against each other, with Paul's hands covering Jane's tits and his cock pointing straight at her. After the picture was taken, Jane sent the picture to her brother. They both agreed that it wouldn't be revenge if Tom didn't have proof that it happened. When Tom got the picture he was furious and called Jane's house. Jane and Paul started laughing at the insane messages that Tom was leaving on her answering machine. 

THE END