 It’s been almost three months since I’ve seen you. I’d be lying if I said I weren’t frustrated. I think of you often as I lay in bed trying to fall asleep.

I remember the first night that we met. You were smiling at me across the bar. Every time I looked over at you I caught you looking at me. Or was it the other way around?

After you bought me a few drinks and we talked for a while, we ended up standing outside of the bar, smoking a cigarette.

Our conversation moved onto the subject of sex. I said something to you, flirtatious, being a bit of a tart, and you told me that I was driving you crazy. You told me how sexy I was.

We moved together for a kiss. The first kiss. Electric. Feeling the heat of your breath on my skin as you kissed at my neck and my sensitive earlobes made me let out a soft moan.

It only encouraged you more.

You slipped your hands inside of my long coat and let them rest on my ass, touching me gently at first then with increasing pressure.

Despite a few onlookers watching, our display became more intense. Our bodies pressed together, your hands, hidden by my coat, worked their way inside of my pants. I pushed my body closer to yours as I felt the warmth of your hands on my naked skin.

I could feel your excitement as our bodies pressed together. In turn I became more excited, wanting to touch you, wanting to discover your body in more private surroundings.

I told you to take me home.

We started walking to your house. Through darkened empty streets, a little off kilter having had a few too many drinks, and wearing shoes with a bit too much of a lift, I was anticipating our arrival anxiously.

We made a bit of small talk on the way, both cognizant of the fact that we were heading home with basically a perfect stranger, feeling a little tense or nervous, but also feeling the arousal of our previous interaction.

We arrived at your door and made our way inside, careful not to disturb your sleeping roommates. I’m not sure how much of a concern that was later, but at least we tried initially.

We made our way into your bedroom and I noticed that I was becoming increasingly aroused. I flushed as I remembered the feeling of your body pressing against mine only a little while earlier.

You kissed me. I kissed you back. No longer having to hold back in front of the eyes of others we began taking more liberties with each other, exploring each other bodies and incidentally moving towards various states of undress.

I couldn’t hold back any longer. As you caressed my breasts, sending shivers though me and gently taking them into your mouth, freeing them from their earlier constricted state, I knew that I had to touch you.

As my hand ran down your bare chest and stomach I paused for a moment at your belt before letting my hand glide down to the hardness that was waiting for me below.

You let me know that you wanted my touch and that I should continue. I wanted so badly to take you in my mouth right then and there, but you had other plans.

We climbed up the ladder to the loft of your bed.

As I lay back you moved on top of me, taking my face in your hands and kissing me deep and hard on the mouth. You kissed my ears and neck tenderly and I let out an audible sign of my enjoyment, moaning into your neck, tousling your hair with my fingers. As you directed your attention to my breasts , firmly grasping with your hands as your tongue danced across one nipple then the other, gently biting and suckling as you did, I knew I had to have you.

I could feel the heat and wetness growing between my legs and spread my thighs apart allowing you to come between them.

You repositioned your body atop of mine and I could feel your hardness growing against the warm sensations your body was causing in me.

I wrapped my legs around you and felt the hardness of your cock pressing against me, frustrated that there was anything in between me feeling more of you, all of you.

You seemed to sense this and shifted back, kissing my stomach lightly as you unbuttoned my pants.

I raised my hips for you as you slid my pants off of my body, eager to help maneuver myself out of my clothing. I moved towards you and kissed you, pulling your body back towards mine.

I smelled the deep musky scent of your excitement and shuddered. I buried my face in your neck and chest, kissing you, wanting to smell more of you, touch more of you.

Your hand slipped down my stomach to my hips, lightly tracing the outline of my body, moving over my legs down to my knees and then finally up my thighs, moving closer and closer to your objective.

My legs parted for you as I felt your fingers gracefully caressing the skin of my inner thighs. I felt one finger first, gently sliding up my outer lips. A superficial touch, a tease, cautiously avoiding moving too fast.

But I wanted you. I wanted to feel you inside of me.

I moved my hips towards your hand and you let your finger glide inside of me.

I let out a deep moan and moved my hips toward your hand, wanting more of you inside of me. On cue, you rubbed your thumb against my clitoris sending shockwaves of pleasure through my body.

I told you how good it felt, maybe not in words, but I let you know.

I wanted more of you. You inserted another finger inside of me making me gasp with pleasure. As you moved your fingers in and out of me in tandem, you massaged my clit with your palm.

Was that the very moment? Perhaps. I was yours for the taking. You turned me on so much.

I told you that I wanted you in my mouth.

Not yet, your movements seemed to say, as you traced your way slowly with your mouth down my breasts and stomach, halting just at my hips, kissing the sensitive skin on the front of my upper thighs.

Your removed your fingers from inside of me and I almost cried out for you not to. You looked up at me once more, before lowering your head and in one swift movement taking me into your mouth.

I was shocked at the sensations I was feeling and let out a startled moan. Your tongue seemed to envelope me completely in its warmth sending a rapturously pleasurable sensation through me, radiating outwards from the heat between my legs.

You licked at my clit vigorously, alternately circling it with your tongue and taking it fully inside of your mouth sucking at it with the most delicious pressure.

You told me how good I tasted, and I couldn’t help but move my hips toward you wanting more of your mouth on me, all over me.

You slid a finger inside of me and then another as you lapped at my clit, sending me into a delirium, almost spasming with pleasure. The lustful groans emitted from my mouth were becoming increasingly louder and more urgent.

I told you that I wanted you inside of me.

You pushed your fingers deeper within me as you continued to lick and suck at my lips. You told me how wet I was, again how good I tasted to you.

With my chest heaving and my breath catching I told you that I wanted you, badly.

Moving to my knees I bent forward and took your erect cock in my hands. The contrast of the smoothness of your skin and the hardness of your erection was amazing to me. The heat coming off of you was incredibly sexy. I covered your thighs and stomach with light kisses, letting you feel my hot breath against your skin as I stroked your cock.

With my mouth pressed against you, my tongue snaked up your shaft and lathed the head of your cock. Letting your cock slide into my mouth I suctioned my lips around you and brushed my tongue against the underside of your shaft. You moaned, felling the warmth and pressure of my mouth surrounding your cock and stroked my hair.

I moved my mouth over your cock and sucked at you more deliberately. You placed your hands atop my head and guided your cock in and out of my mouth. I greedily sucked and licked at your cock wanting to give you the same pleasure you had given me.

With increasing intensity and pressure I moved my lips all over the smooth skin of you hard dick. I flicked my tongue over the sensitive head and took the base of your cock in my hand stroking you as I sucked.

You told me that you didn’t want to come yet. I slowed my pace a little until you gently pulled my head up from your cock.

You moved back to your knees and reached for a condom to put it on, without being asked.

I smiled, unable to hide my delight as you rolled the rubber down snugly on your hard cock. It was quite a sight to behold. I hadn’t anticipated the intensity of the raw desire you would bring out in me as I reached towards you and held your stiff cock in my hand.

I leaned back and opened my legs for you pulling you gently towards me.

With your cock in your hand you teased me, rubbing the head up and down against my clitoris, swirling my own wetness around.

I felt the head of your cock just against my opening, I moved towards you , but you moved away too quickly.

Did you want me to beg for it? I would have.

I told you again that I wanted you inside of me, deep inside of me.

Looking intently into my eyes you thrust your hips toward me and your cock pushed its way inside of me, slowly, torturously, one inch at a time.

My back arched and you took my breasts in your mouth and hands.

I moaned at the feeling of you filling me so completely, your hard cock now deeply inside of me.

You withdrew slowly, feeling the hardness of your dick against the heat and wetness of my inner walls, I groaned again, not wanting the sensation of fullness-the feeling of you inside of me to dissipate.

With that you thrust your cock into me deeply, urgently, letting me feel your entire length. Just as quickly you withdrew, pausing for a moment before thrusting your cock deep inside of me again.

I gasped at the pressure, the sensations you were creating inside of me were intensely pleasurable, if not a little painful. The size of you cock-the length-the thickness-and the incredible hardness were almost too much for me to bear. 

But I loved it. I wanted more.

As you began thrusting into me more rhythmically, pistoning your hard cock in and out of me, I grabbed your ass and pulled you further into me.

You let out a deep groan and continued fucking me, gradually increasing the intensity and pressure of each movement.

You moved my leg, having been wrapped around your waist, and positioned it upwards, my ankle resting on your shoulder. You pushed inside of me and I felt you to a depth I hadn’t even imagined.

My breath coming harder and harder, feeling almost paralyzed with the intensity of your big cock so deeply and utterly inside of me, I let out a series of short gasping sounds.

You pumped your cock into me faster, harder-watching my face as you did, reading my expressions and smiling down at me.

My leg slipped down and joined the other at your waist. Crossing my ankles around your lower back, I enjoyed the pressure of your body rubbing against my clit as you fucked me hard.

My hands moved down your back, scratching at the skin, until stopping at your ass. Holding my hands still for a moment, enjoying the feeling of your well muscled ass pushing against my body, I thrust my hips toward you. I grabbed your ass now, digging my fingers into the soft flesh as I met each thrust of your with my own.

I asked if you could feel how wet I was. Your response was a deep guttural “UNGH”.

It turned me on so much to hear your voice.

I asked if it felt good. You acknowledged my question with a groan.

I pushed you away a bit, my fingers caressing your chest as I did, and told you that I wanted to be on top.

You acquiesced and moved away, repositioning yourself on your back. I straddled you and took your cock in my hand, slick with my own wetness. I placed the head of your cock near my opening and you pushed upwards inside of me. I loved the way your cock felt inside of me-so impossibly hard, so big.

I moved against your cock, feeling the shape and size of you against my walls as I moved forward and back.

I asked if you wanted me to come.

You did.

I moved my hand towards my clit and touched myself, my skin so hot and wet. I described circular motions on my clit, my fingers lightly dancing over the folds of my sex. You thrust up towards me as I rubbed at my clit and I started moving more rhythmically against you.

I found it impossible to silence myself as I felt your hard dick, deep inside of me, creating an intensity of feeling I didn’t want to end.

I started fucking you in earnest now, leaning back a bit, my hips swaying against your own, thrusting my pussy towards you, rubbing my clit faster, harder.

You told me that you wanted me to come.

I wanted to come. I wanted to come with you deep inside of me, fucking your cock as I pleasured myself. I told you that I would-that I’d come for you-that you were making me come.

A flood of sensations coursed through my body causing me to shake and shudder as I rode atop your huge cock to my own orgasm. Breathless, sweaty, swearing and moaning I came on top of you. You could feel the constrictions of my muscles around your cock, as if my cunt were grabbing for your cock and squeezing you.

I moved off of you and lay beside you on the bed. I asked you to take me from behind. You eagerly pulled at my hips as I bent down on all fours for you. Your cock slid inside of me smoothly as I was so wet.

I could hear the sound of your body slapping against my ass with every thrust. I could feels your balls against my clit every time you pushed inside of me.

You reached around and rubbed my clit as you fucked me from behind. I felt like I was still coming.

I told you how good it felt-how I wanted you to fuck me harder-how I wanted you to fuck me until you came inside of me.

Hearing the sound of your breath, labored with your efforts, and the sounds of your own pleasure coming from you mouth set me off. I pushed back with my hips to meet your thrusting cock, until I felt you pause, shudder, and push your cock so deeply inside of me I knew you must be coming. As you held your cock deeply in place I pushed against you, wanting you to feel me tightly all around you.

You sighed as you withdrew from inside of me and we lay next to each other on your bed, sweaty, breathless, and spent. You took me in your arms and let out an endearing chuckle, “Whew!”, you said. I could only agree.

So now as I sit here alone replaying the events of our first meeting, my body remembering the sensations of your touch, nine hours away from you in another city, I wonder when I’ll see you again. Wondering when I’ll feel your mouth on mine, your hands on my body, your hardness inside of me.

I want you. I crave you. I’ll be seeing you soon.