 I hadn’t seen him since our first meeting, now two months past. He was scheduled to play a show in a nearby city, only two hours away form where I lived. He played in a honky-tonk band, not exactly my cup of tea, but I wanted to see him.

He had sent me emails fairly regularly and called every so often. Honestly I hadn’t ever expected to hear from him, I figured our first night together was a one time thing. After all, he lived in northern California, and I, in southern California. We had met while I was vacationing, visiting a friend in the area.

I was excited to see him, we had discussed that I’d likely stay overnight after going to the concert rather than driving the two hours home late that night. As the date approached I started feeling anxious. Would it be uncomfortable to see him? Would I still be attracted to him? Would he still be attracted to me?

I tried to calm myself down a bit, but I was definitely on edge the few days preceding our meeting. I was also incredibly horny. I had replayed that night that we had spent together over and over in my head. I would get wet just thinking about him.

He was a good deal older than me at 41. Let’s see, I’m 25, so that puts us at about 16 years apart. He wasn’t the first older man that I had slept with, but quite arguably the best. I don’t know if it was his sexual prowess in particular, the chemistry between us, or just his overall enthusiasm and energy, but the sex that we had that first night that I met him was spectacular.

So as the day finally arrived, a mild southern California day in June, I readied myself. My anticipation and anxiety were high as I got on the 5 and drove north to meet him.

After two hours of driving, reminding myself of the feeling of his strong arms around me, his chest, so masculine and sexy, the feeling of his hands and his tongue on my body, and his scent, intoxicating and musky, I was definitely in a state of arousal.

I arrived at the bar, made my way inside and ordered a beer. I scanned the bar looking for him. There he was, dressed in full cowboy regalia. I hadn’t seen him like this before. Yes, he wore boots and jeans when I had met him initially, but here he was in boots, jeans, a cowboy hat and retro western shirt. He looked cute as hell.

I walked up behind him and gave him a tap on the shoulder. He turned around and gave a big, surprised grin. “Hey! I’m so glad you could make it!” he told me as he opened his arms for a hug.

I told him that I wouldn’t have missed it, and that it was nice to see him. We embraced for a friendly hug and when we separated he patted my back, nervously, I thought. He introduced me to some friends and then left me to socialize on my own while he was setting up.

The music started soon enough and the bar, dimly lit, became smoky. Kind of sexy really, being in a dive bar in the middle of God knows where in Orange County, watching the man I was going to have sex with perform. And he was sexy on stage. I felt myself blush a little as I realized that I actually liked the music and enjoyed watching him up there, thinking to myself, “Yep, I’m gonna fuck him later.”

I was drunk now. Sensuous, I guess, is the best way to describe my feeling in my surroundings. The music, the energy of the crowded room, tasting the beer on my own breath, I was very turned on.

After his set had ended, he approached me and bought us a drink. He was sweaty and vibrant and had an air about him of confidence and satisfaction.

We chatted for a bit, becoming a little more comfortable with the idea of being in the same room together again and got up to go watch the next band.

He tried to get me to dance. I don’t dance. He tried harder. Really, I don’t dance. Ok, he managed to kind of, sort of, get me to move around just a little bit to the music.

It was loud. We had to lean in to each other and practically put our mouths up to each other’s ears to be heard. Every time he spoke to me I could feel his breath on my exposed neck. Every time I leaned in to say something to him I was overwhelmed by his sexy scent. I was heating up, I wanted him to make a move on me. He seemed a little nervous to me, like he wasn’t sure what was appropriate or not.

He leaned in again to say something to me, his hot breath on my skin, steamy and sensual, and I gave him a delicate peck on the cheek.

He let his hand slip down to my lower back and let out a sigh of relief. “Whew! That was a lot easier.” he said to me with a smile.

I placed my hand lightly on his chest and leaned into him, “Well what did you think? Why did you think I came up here?” I asked with a mischievous grin.

“Well…I don’t know….you can’t always be sure…” he shrugged. I found it endearing that he had been nervous about whether I would be interested in him or not. I had felt the same anxiety earlier, only having reduced it with a few drinks, was a bit more bold.

We became more intimate as the night went on. Our touches became teasing as I let my lips graze against his ear as I leaned in close to say something to him. His hands reached around my waist and would lay gently on my lower back lightly touching my bottom now and then.

“I can’t wait to get out of here and take you home” I told him with a conspiratorial look.

“Or to the Motel, you mean?” he responded with a light kiss on the mouth.

We got directions to the motel where they had booked a few rooms and started getting ready to leave. It seemed to take forever, and in all honesty it did take a long time to get out of there. What with packing up, saying goodbyes and thanks to everyone it seemed like we’d never get out of there and back to the privacy of the room.

Finally we got into my car and started heading towards the interstate. We weren’t completely sure how to get to the motel, and both pretty inebriated. I really shouldn’t have been driving, but the motel was supposed to be very close by.

He let his outstretched hand lay on my thigh as I entered the on-ramp. His touch sent shivers of excitement through me and I could feel the wetness already in between my legs. Unfortunately, I had tell him that I couldn’t concentrate very well on driving while he was doing that to me, and it would be best if we could wait until we got to the room.

Until we go to the room-when exactly would that be?

We were lost, in denial, but definitely lost.

The directions we had gotten were sketchy at best and the 5 had been under construction which made for a confusing, if not frustrating drive.

I continued to drive around on unfamiliar on-ramps and off-ramps trying to negotiate through traffic and find the motel. Frustrated and tired, we pulled over.

He started arguing with me about getting lost. I was a bit taken back as I couldn’t really see us arguing or him being upset with me as we had only really met each other once before.

I was upset by this and tried to get him to calm down. He was frustrated and tired and we continued bickering while I found my way back to the highway.

Within five minutes I had found the correct exit and we located the motel. Relief, right? Not necessarily. Now I was pissed. My feelings were hurt that he had raised his voice at me and I didn’t particularly feel like sleeping with him, let alone being in the same room with him.

What was I going to do?

I thought about it quickly while parking the car. I could get my own room, probably get into argument with him and never talk to him again. Or, I could blow it off, against my better judgment, go inside with him and have the hot, passionate sex I had been fantasizing about for weeks.

I don’t know if it was my drunken state of mind or the fact that he already made me so wet, but I opted for the latter of the two.

We went into the room, small and simple, but clean, and looked around.

We both relaxed, the tension of trying to find the room having dissipated.

After a few minutes we found our way into each others arms and shared a kiss. I could feel my desire for him rising and his desire for me was rising also, rather obviously. Without any pretense I began removing my clothes and grabbing at his. We hurriedly took off our shoes and any remaining articles of clothing that had managed to stay put in our hurried undress.

There he was. Naked. Me too. We embraced again, a full body embrace. Feeling his nude body pressed against mine as his hands ran over my lower back to my bare ass while he softly kissed my neck and shoulders, made me moan with pleasure.

He was very aroused also. I could feel the hardness and the heat of his cock pressing against my stomach as he held me tighter in his arms. I wanted him so badly right then. My only objective was feeling him all over me, inside of me. I felt his growing cock in may hands, the skin so smooth and soft, contrasting with the stiffness of his erection.

I kissed him on the mouth, then moved my lips over his neck to his shoulders. Our tongues were in a flurry over each other, kissing, licking, and gently biting at each other’s erogenous zones. I loved the way that his mouth felt on my body. He seemed to know exactly what to do to me to drive me crazy - he seemed to anticipate my desires.

As I stroked his cock in my hand against my stomach he separated a bit from the embrace and took one of my breasts into his mouth. He suckled at my hardened nipple with the most delicious pressure while flicking his tongue over the sensitive area. I moaned my appreciation at his attention to my breasts as he fondled and caressed my breasts together, alternately taking each into his mouth.

I wanted to taste him. Placing my arms around him I traced small circles with my fingernails on his back as I dropped to my knees, my tongue lashing at his chest and stomach on the way down.

My mouth was now very close to the heat of his erection as I kissed at his thighs and belly, gently, tauntingly. He moaned in anticipation of what was likely to come and pressed his body against me.

“Mmm…” I groaned, licking my lips at the realization of what I was about to do. My tongue snaked out and washed up his thick shaft, lathing the sensitive head of his throbbing cock in the warmth and wetness of my mouth. He shuddered at the sensation. His excitement turned me on so much, it gave me a feeling of control, knowing that I was responsible for giving him such pleasure.

I took his shaft in my hand at the base and continued gliding my tongue over his hardness. He reached for my shoulders and gave an insistent caress. I placed my lips on the head of his cock and eased him into my mouth slowly, inch by inch. His hands settled on my head, stroking my hair and holding back from what he likely want to do, to push his cock further into my waiting mouth.

He let out a groan of satisfaction as he felt the pressure of my lips surrounding him tightly as my tongue slid up and down his cock. I moaned with him in my mouth sending a shiver through his tense body, his hips thrusting towards me.

He fondled my breasts while I sucked him off, pinching at my erect nipples, eliciting vocalizations from my mouth, filled with his hard cock.

He told me how good it felt, my mouth all over him. And I wanted to make him feel good. I wanted to make him come for me. I wanted for him to come in mouth while I sucked his cock.

I increased the pressure of my mouth around his dick, sucking him in so that my cheeks became hollowed, and with my hands firmly gripping his ass, pulled his body closer to mine, forcing more of him into my mouth.

He began to ease his cock in and out of my mouth, pushing his hips toward my face as I kneeled in front of him, his hands placed on either side of my head, helping to guide my mouth toward him. The signs of his pleasure were growing, with his chest rising as I gazed up at him, showing him my tongue moving lightly over his cock. His respiration was increasing and the sound of his fragmented breath made me suck at him faster, harder.

I knew that he was going to come. The thought of him coming in my mouth while I licked and sucked at him, hungry for his cock, made me shudder with desire.

I could feel the pressure building in him as his hard cock throbbed and twitched in my hand and mouth.

With an urgent groan, he paused, his cock thrust into my mouth to the hilt, and unloaded. I felt the hot splash of his come on my tongue - God, he tasted so good to me - and then all over my chest as I continued to stroke him through his climax. He shot all over my breasts and I could feel the heat of his come sear my tender skin, in the most erotic way. I bathed his cock with my tongue, leaving soft kisses all over him and gently suckling until the pressure was too great, his cock so sensitive that he moved away from my touch.

He pulled me to him and we collapsed on the bed together out of breath, but not spent.

He lay his head down on my chest and ran his fingers through my hair, as I placed sweet pecks on his forehead.

He began massaging one of my breasts as he turned his head to take the other into his mouth. I arched my back pushing more of myself into his mouth. The velvety feeling of his tongue passing over my breasts, the engorged nipples-so erect-and the sensitive aureole made me instinctively open my legs for him.

On cue he traced the outline of my hips with his fingers down to my thighs describing tiny circles as he did. I felt my heart rate rising as he moved his hand up my thigh towards the wetness that he had created in me.

I moved my hips towards him as I whispered breathlessly to him, “I want you.” A long finger moved across my outer lips, just lightly brushing the skin. I felt the same finger now moving slowly down, parting the labia, rubbing tantalizingly, if only too briefly, over my clitoris. I grasped his free hand firmly and placed it upon my breast, now heaving with the excitation he was causing. I felt the tip of his finger rubbing against my opening, gently probing me, exploring my skin. He seemed to release the moisture that had been my response to his touch, as I know suddenly felt very wet. He moved two fingers over me now, incidentally distributing the natural lubrication over my clitoris readying me for whatever was to come next.

With his palm pressing against my rising clit he inserted a finger inside of me. I gasped at the sensation of his finger penetrating me, feeling the shape and size of it against my slick inner walls. “Oh God, it feels so good” I told him as he slipped another finger inside of me filling me further.

He moved his fingers in and out of me caressing my sensitive spots, creating a feeling of pressure and fullness that was absolutely intoxicating.

“It’s my turn now” he said as he lowered his head between my thighs which were spread for him invitingly.

I moaned and thrust my pelvis towards him as I felt the first lash of his tongue over my steaming cunt. He licked at my clit and my inner lips with a deliberate sensuality that made me smolder. I couldn’t believe that it could feel this good. I would have done anything to make him keep going.

However, I didn’t have too. He seemed to have a genuine enthusiasm and the stamina to pleasure me without hesitation or relief. He moved his fingers inside of me as he lapped vigorously at my clit causing muscles to tense and spasm as I gave myself to him.

Largely forgetting any feelings of discomfort or vulnerability at this most intimate gesture, I gave myself over to the feelings I was experiencing and closed my eyes. His tongue seemed to move over me like water, creating a rapturously pleasurable sensation in me which radiated outwards from my core.

I cried out to him again and again-it felt so heavenly- I wanted him to know how amazing it was. I thrust my hips towards him offering more of myself to him. He was impossibly sexy, tasting my essence as I opened my eyes and looked down upon him, his head buried between my legs.

“I want you. I want you inside of me” I seemed to plead.

He refocused the attention of his mouth onto my breasts as he moved his body up mine and lay between my parted legs. I could feel his cock, so hard again, pressing against my wetness. He rubbed the head of his cock against my clit causing me to raise my hips up against him. He moved to his knees, grabbed a condom, quickly discarding the wrapper and placed the condom on the head of cock. I leaned forward and rolled the rubber down his thick shaft, a snug fit.

I reclined and offered myself to him again, gently placing my ankles around his waist and drawing him towards me. The feeling of his flesh on my flesh, the weight of his body atop mine as he placed his sheathed member directly up against me was pure desire.

As he entered me, he kissed me deeply on the mouth, our tongues intertwined, our hands finding each other and grasping urgently. He pushed inside of me, deeper and deeper to the core of me until I could feel almost his entire length.

All I could do was say yes. 

“Yeah…yes,” I moaned. “Oh…..yes….God….,” I practically slurred as I was overtaken with the emotion and feeling of him being so deeply inside of me.

With my hands in his he pulled my arms just above my head and held them there, as he began to move deep inside of me and then withdraw slowly. Putting me in a state of utter ecstasy he increased the speed and intensity of his movements as he thrust into me again, withdrawing and penetrating, more urgently, more emphatically.

My body was on fire as I moved to grind my hips against him, his body rubbing against my clit, thrilling me, satisfying me.

“I want you to come” he told me as he worked my body into what as quickly becoming a frenzied state. “Let me” I responded as I motioned for him to roll over onto his back and let me be on top. He took his time, and we both savored it. He labored above me as I passively enjoyed his pursuit that drove him deeper inside me with every stroke.

We separated for the briefest of moments as he rolled over for me to take my position on top. I straddled him and placed his hardened cock, slick with my own wetness, near my entrance. He raised his hips towards me, his cock gliding inside of me, my walls constricting around him, hugging him tightly.

With a twinge of pain I moved to control the penetration. His cock - so large and hard - so deep inside of me was almost too much to bear.

I became more comfortable and the motion of my hips allowed me to take him deeper inside of me with every movement.

My back arched as I pressed down against him and offered my breasts to his waiting mouth. He manipulated my breasts, teasing me with his mouth and fingers, working me into a state of extreme excitement as I rode atop his hard cock.

“Do you want me to come?” I asked as I straightened my body upright, straddled proudly on top of him.

“Yes,” which was all I need to hear. My finger moved towards my tender clit, eager to assuage the longing-the necessity to move towards climax that he inspired in me. I rubbed my clit, gently stoking the soft folds of skin feeling the passion and urgency of my own touch. I drove my hips against his experiencing the sensation of his cock filling me so entirely, so pleasurably.

He met each thrust of mine with his own and soon we were caught in an unbreakable rhythm, with me moving closer to orgasm, steadily rubbing my at my clit, moaning with the ecstasy of fulfillment.

I don’t know precisely what happened then or how it happened, but I suddenly felt compelled to vocalize my lust. “Fuck me” I demanded of him, as if he weren’t already busy doing just that. Indeed he was, I just liked the sound of the words-the way they felt as they rolled off of my tongue.

“God, I love the way you fuck me,” I told him as he continued to push up into me driving his cock deep inside of me.

“I’m such a slut. I’m such a slut for your cock” I hissed at him as I drove my hips to meet his with renewed intensity.
