 A warm breeze blew over the tarmac as I waited for the plane to taxi into position. It had been six months since the coup had sent the last president into early retirement in Switzerland and I still didn't feel entirely comfortable in my new role. Unfortunately, our nation was in desperate need of foreign aid, and the Americans had terminated their transfers now that I had been put in charge. As much as I wasn't looking forward to it, my advisors had insisted that I travel to Moscow to see if the Soviets would be able to provide some much needed infrastructure aid to repair the damage done to our nation while under military rule. As the DC-6 taxied to a halt, the one part of my life that I still enjoyed unabashedly began to walk onto the tarmac.

Nicoletta was a vision, as usual. The skirt of her navy pinstripe suit clung to her hips and ended just above her knee. Her jacket struggled to remain buttoned over an ivory silk blouse. She held a hand to her wide brimmed hat to keep it from flying away in the breeze. As she came closer, I could hear her navy heels clicking on the pavement. My heart pounded in my chest as I thought of all of the nights we had spent together, enjoying and exploring the presidential palace and each other. She smiled as she walked up to me, her eyes sparkling as she looked at me over her dark sunglasses.

"I still don't think I'm getting the hang of being First Lady." She took a deep breath as she looked up at the plane, causing my eyes to be drawn instantly to her full breasts pushing against the jacket of her suit. The buttons on her blouse gapped slightly, showing the slightest hint of the black bra that she wore underneath. Thankfully, the slight groan of lust that escaped my lips was drowned out by the engines of the airliner. I turned to stand next to her as the stairway was wheeled up and I let my hand playfully slip down her back and come to rest on her firm little ass. She jumped slightly at my touch and turned to me with an admonishing look in her eyes.

"That's not how the President should be acting."

"And tell me Nicoletta. Just what will our attendants, assistants, and staffers do if they disapprove? Besides, at least I don't have an endless stream of dimwitted prostitutes parading through the palace. Only you my love. And you're almost more woman than I can handle." I slapped her ass lightly and put my hand in my pocket. "Almost."

Nicoletta started up the stairway and I followed close behind, trying desperately not to let my staff see me ogling her ass like a lovesick schoolboy. I hoped that we could have some private time during the flight, but I somehow had a feeling that we would not be left alone the entire time. We entered the plane and I was a bit annoyed with myself that I hadn't gotten onto the presidential plane before now. Our former president had foolishly purchased it with his own money, so we felt no compunction with continuing to use it. He had it custom outfitted with a dining and conference area taking up the majority of the space inside. We took our seats and were handed a copy of the flight plan which would take us to Luanda in Angola for refueling, another quick stop in Bucharest, and then on to Moscow. 

Just before takeoff, Nicoletta handed me a note that I quickly unfolded and read silently. "Think you're the only one who can be a tease?" was all it said. She looked at me over her sunglasses and licked her lips slowly as she smiled the seductive smile she used only when she intended to make me ache for her and not give in until she was ready to finish playing. I silently prayed for a tailwind to get us across the Atlantic faster.

Soon after takeoff my chief of staff handed me a briefing book which I looked over casually. I wasn't sure why he had prepared so much for me to look over. The mere fact that we were no longer in the pocket of the Americans would be enough to guarantee at least enough infrastructure aid to get our people back on their collective feet. So while I made it look like I was reading the book, I instead focused my attention on Nicoletta.

She quickly noticed that I wasn't paying attention to the briefing and proceeded to take advantage of it. She turned her head displaying her soft and supple neck and casually raised a hand up to fix a stray hair. As she lowered her hand, she casually unbuttoned the top button of her blouse and undid her jacket. And as soon as she did, she casually let her glasses fall from her face and drop on the floor right in front of me. Smiling at me the whole time, my chief of staff completely unaware, she leaned over at the waist to pick them up, her breasts looking like they would spill out of her blouse as she looked at me. My cock began to swell as I looked at her. I longed to leap forward and passionately embrace her, but we both knew that it was impossible to do that right now. So she straightened up and slipped her jacket off and put it onto the back of one of the conference chairs. She then turned and shifted her hips just slightly so that her skirt rode up her thigh by the barest of margins, just enough to let me see the top of her stocking. She then returned to her seat and settled in to take a nap.

It took a while for my pulse to return to normal, but I had managed to regain my composure just as the flight attendant was preparing to serve dinner. My staff was experiencing a rather bad bout of air sickness at the time, so only Nicoletta and I sat down to eat. She seated herself directly across from me and smiled that same seductive smile. Apparently the games would continue all the way to Angola.

The attendant set our meals down and left us to eat, settling in to get some rest herself before we landed in Luanda. I looked across at Nicoletta and noticed that she had undone another button on her blouse, the curve of her breast visible under the silken fabric, the very top of her black bra visible underneath. I licked my lips unconsciously and felt my desire for her grow even stronger. She saw the look in my eye and coughed slightly to bring my gaze up to hers. She gave me a mock disapproving look.

"Why Mr. President! Whatever do you think you're doing? Do you really think it's appropriate to be looking at me like that?" She smiled and started to cut into the relatively edible chicken that had been served.

"You know damn well what I was looking at Nikki. You always were an absolute tease when you wanted to be." I started to cut into my own chicken and smiled at her, knowing that she was enjoying this just as much as I was.

"Now, Mr. President, you need to choose your words more carefully so as to avoid inaccuracies like that." She eyed me like a piece of meat and I could feel my heart pounding.

"What do you mean my darling Nikki?"

"A tease is a woman who never does anything to her man." And just as the word man escaped her lips, I could feel her foot begin sliding up my leg. I swallowed hard as I looked at her, my aching desire plainly evident on my face. She slipped her foot between my thighs and let it rest on my rapidly hardening cock. "Now what do we have here? Is someone enjoying the show?" She slowly massaged my cock with her foot, never taking her eyes off of me as she ate. 

To anyone who looked over, it would just appear that we were having dinner. Nobody could see that she was making me harder and harder. My breath grew faster and more labored. I struggled to maintain my composure as she let her toes tease my head. I could feel the precum dripping onto my shaft, and still, I could say and do nothing.  My mind was blank, desire clouding my thoughts. I bit my lower lip as she pressed her foot against me a little harder, no doubt feeling the slight pulse of my shaft against the sole of her foot. My dinner sat ignored at this point, a different hunger overtaking me.

She smiled as she put the last bite of chicken into her mouth. She ran her foot up and down my shaft one last time and put her foot back on the floor. She licked her lips and looked over her shoulder, making certain that nobody could see her. Satisfied, she reached up and undid her blouse, revealing her breasts barely covered by her bra. "You barely touched your dinner. Were you hungry for something else lover?" She squeezed her breasts as she looked at me, knowing how desperately I wanted to do the same. My cock was painfully swollen at this point and my mouth was dry from desire. She smiled that same smile as she rebuttoned her blouse, leaving two undone so I could be tormented by the view of her delicious cleavage for the rest of the flight and then got up.

As she got up, she knocked her napkin to the floor next to her chair. She turned away from me and bent over at the waist to pick it up. As she did so, the fabric of her skirt stretched taut over her ass. The hemline eased further up her thighs, revealing the tops of her stockings and the garters holding them in place. Not even realizing I was doing it, I slipped a hand into my lap and absentmindedly rubbed my obscenely swollen shaft through my pants. I eyed her with a look of unabashed lust. She turned her head to look back at me and licked her lips again. "You'd best behave yourself. And I hope you're learning your lesson about slapping my ass in public." She then stood up and walked back to her seat, dropping her napkin back onto the table.

By the time I regained my composure, Nicoletta had fallen asleep and I was feeling very tired myself. I sat down next to her and quickly drifted off. The rest of the flight passed uneventfully and we soon landed in Luanda around midnight. My staff arranged for accommodations overnight while the plane was refueled. The plan called for us to take off for Bucharest in the morning so we all decided to go and relax and leave any final preparations until the flight.

A car provided by the Angolan government came around to take Nicoletta and I to our room for the night and quickly dropped us at a small hotel. The driver got out and took our bags inside. We were led to a small suite with a king size bed and a small couch, and then quickly left alone. For that small favor, I was greatly appreciative.

I shut the door behind me and looked at Nicoletta like a man possessed. My entire being ached for her and I quickly crossed the room and took her in my arms. We kissed passionately, her tongue swirling around mine as I ran my hands over every one of her curves. It was plainly apparent that her teasing had gotten her almost as horny as I was. She pulled herself away from me and stood next to the bed and started to unbutton her blouse. "Is this what you want Mr. President? Want to touch me? To feel me?"

"I get the feeling that you like calling me Mr. President."

"Only because it gets you hot when I say it like this, Mr. President." She stretched out the syllables and put on her most innocent voice. While she spoke, she unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor, leaving her in a small pair of black panties, stockings, and a bra that was clearly being overcome by the fullness of her breasts. 

I couldn't take it any longer and practically tore off my suit, my cock springing free, aching to feel her. I moved to her and we fell to the bed, kissing and fondling uncontrollably. But before I could get on top of her, she slipped away from my grasp and left me laying on my back, my swollen cock glistening with precum. She licked her lips as she stared at it.

"I feel just awful teasing you like that for the whole flight. I think I'll make it up to you now." She got between my legs and positioned herself so that her mouth was just inches from my cock. Her full breasts rubbed against my thighs and I could feel her breath on my head. She then flicked her tongue out and licked some of the precum off of my head. She smiled and started to kiss and suck on the head. Her tongue swirled around my shaft as she quickly slid her lips down my shaft, tasting and licking every inch of me. I moaned loudly, reveling in the fact that I didn't have to restrain myself anymore. My body bucked uncontrollably as I felt her moan against my cock. 

She sucked hard on my shaft as she moved her mouth off and let my head out with a pop. She then looked up at me, her face partially obscured by my throbbing cock. "Still think I'm a tease?"

"No, but think you could fuck me to prove it?" She smiled and stood over me, her pussy visibly wet. She then eased herself down and positioned the lips of her pussy just over my head. She then slid her lips over my head, coating them in precum, making me shudder with desire. Then, she quickly pushed down and eased my head into her tight little pussy.

I practically screamed in ecstasy feeling her around me. Her pussy clamped down on me as I pushed deep inside her, my cock entering her to the base. I grabbed her hips and pushed her down onto my groin and looked up at her with pure lust and desire. Unable to control myself, I began to thrust into her. Feeling the same ache, she met each thrust with one of her own, our bodies colliding and pulling apart in rhythm. I was mesmerized by the sight of her on top of me, her face contorted with passion and desire, her breasts hypnotically shifting up and down with each thrust. 

I began to grab at her ass, lightly slapping it as my cock pulsed and swelled inside her. She looked down at me as I did it, trying to give me a look of playful disapproval, but only succeeding in moaning as she felt me flex my cock inside her. I reached up and pinched her nipples, making her throw her head back in ecstasy. With that I began to fuck harder, my body slapping against her, almost my full length sliding in and out of her tight, sopping wet pussy. 

My shaft glistened as I thrust hard enough to make her bounce on top of me. Our moans and screams were almost certainly heard by the hotel staff, but we didn't care. Harder and faster we fucked, our desire getting the better of us, the whole world melting away. My cock began to pulse and spasm as I felt my balls tighten up, and I could tell from the pulsing of her pussy that Nikki was close as well. I gave in completely to my desire and fucked her with wild abandon. My eyes closed, moving on instinct as my heart pounded in my chest. 

Then, all at once, Nikki screamed out and I felt her pussy clamp down on me. A blistering orgasm tore through her and it triggered a mind blowing climax of my own. My cock bucked and spasmed inside her as wave after wave of hot sticky cum filled her up. We moaned and screamed as we felt the orgasm roll through us and, just as suddenly, pass into the night. Nikki collapsed on top of me, completely spent, as was I. She kissed me tenderly as we listened to the quiet of the night outside our window. I softly bit her lower lip as she smiled at me. Then, without a word, she rolled off of me and laid next to me, resting her head on my neck between my chin and shoulder. She quickly fell asleep, and I soon followed, wondering to myself if the trip to Bucharest would be just as enjoyable.