 *** It is 1917, in the heat of the Russian Revolution. Revolutionary leader Borya Petrov feels the pressure and tension of his position and the distracting allure of his comrade and lover, Natasha Sokolov. 

Borya Petrov had been thinking of her all day in his meetings. Back in those days, before air conditioning and with the constant debates going on for hours on end, he was particularly impatient, anxious and tense. His mind kept wandering to her luscious body, her mouth, her nipples that he would tease to hardness before he went to work on her delicious vagina, tasting and teasing her sex with his lips. During the day he shifted in his seat while trying to take notes, his erection straining against his pants, seemingly more demanding today than most days, determined to remove him in body and mind from the important business at hand. Like a movie that insisted on playing before him, her legs parted again and again in front of him, his cock poised at the entrance of her vagina, feeling her muscles ready to pull him in, suck him deep inside, locking him in as he entered her and instinctually began to thrust. This scenario presented itself over and over in his thoughts, causing him to lose track of his sentences and doodle aimlessly.

His cock was particularly insistent, hard and demanding today. His testicles felt full and heavy. But he managed thru the day to save himself for her, instead of releasing himself in his private government office or lavatory. He wanted to give to her all of his pent up passion, to allow her to take care of his needs. It was no contest between masturbation or her wonderful mouth. Once satisfied, only then would he be able to clear his mind and quiet the fever if only for a little while.

When the demands of the day finally waned and he had some privacy he was able to fixate on his carnal desire undisturbed. He packed up his things and walked across the courtyard to their shared office. Natasha was still inside, translating some notes, when he walked in. She looked up as he shut and turned the key in the door, dropped his briefcase and looked at her. She smiled for a moment, then noticed the intensity in his eyes. He was like a wolf locked in on his prey, fixated, steady, full of insistent hunger and need.

"Any progress?" she asked, curiously, suddenly aware of his unusual mood.

He didn't answer, instead he silently walked over to her, his gaze still locked on hers, seeing the question in her eyes. He stopped in front of her, his legs apart, his hands grasping each side of his open coat lapels. He had a look in his eyes she knew. But usually in affairs of love he was more conservative and kept his private life off the clock, so now, with his pressing silence, he had her full attention. 

"Remove your blouse." he ordered.

"Excuse me?" she replied. "Here? Borya, I thought you had rules about..." 

"Unbutton your blouse." he repeated.

Ending her questions, she set down her pen and began to work at her blouse. Once undone, he could see her full, heavy breasts resting inside her brassiere. He inspected them with hungry anticipation, cupping them in his hands to feel their weight, bouncing them slightly, making his cock throb with pleasure as he felt their rounded, inviting contours. God, finally, he was touching her. With a slight gruff exhale, he reached around and unhooked their tight cloth prison, causing her to moan slightly as they heavily bounced free, mesmerizing him. His mouth immediately sought a soft pink nipple and he latched on, tugging with his greedy lips like an eager child, his cock leaping inside of his trousers. Again she moaned as he nudged and tugged and suckled, until her nipple reddened and hardened for him, eager be sucked and licked and teased. His hands latched firmly onto each breast, holding them up and out while he went to work on the other nipple, making that one as well an erect, tasty bit of flesh that wanted and needed more of his firm sucking and flicks of his dancing tongue. Tingles went thru her as he created a suction with his lips, alternating between each nipple so that they both stood firm and red and hard, her hands caressed his head as he nursed eagerly, breathing heavily as his own excitement increased.

He then popped his mouth off her nipple and proudly inspected his handiwork. He held her breasts firmly out into the air as if showing them to the world, massaging them, working each nipple with his thumbs to ensure they remained firm and at attention for him. She blushed, feeling her clit throb with the thought of his boldness, shamelessly milking and working her soft, sensitive breasts, squeezing, inspecting and jiggling them with the palms of the hand to feel their weight, like ripe tantalizing fruit, again making his cock throb and stand at full attention tightly inside his trousers. He watched with pleasure as they bounced erotically at his command, her erect nipples blushing, sensitive and needy, wanting more of his soft lips, his suckling, but instead, he pulled her up out of the seat, then sat down in it himself.

"Kneel" he said, urgently.

She did was she was told, and kneeled on front of him as he sat in the chair with his legs apart, again taking command.

He started to undo his belt buckle. She waited silently as he released it from his waist and unbuttoned the front of his trousers, one by one. As he pulled them open, she could see his thick, full erection straining against his underwear, which was wet with circles of lubricant around his cock head which throbbed and throbbed, making him press her on.

"It's been like this all day..." he said with an urgent whisper. "I need you to suck me, deeply, urgently, passionately. Suck me, Natasha."

He then pulled his underwear down and his erection popped up, eager to at last receive satisfaction. 

As she leaned in to begin her work she raised her hands to take hold of his leaping cock, he took her wrists and pulled her hands back behind her, signaling she was to remain with her hands clasped behind her back as if bound there. She was only to use her mouth, and to stay in the position of subservience while doing so. She submitted, then leaned over to form a tight "O" over his cock head with her mouth, preparing to apply delicious pressure as she slowly slid it into his mouth, to imitate the firm squeeze of her vaginal muscles. She then felt one of his hands on the back of her head, and the other reach under to firmly grab the underside of his throat. She was at his mercy now, her lips tightly wrapped around the head of his cock, waiting to begin the journey of pleasuring him. But he was going to control this. She was to respond to his needs fully and vigorously. There was a moment where they both were still, and she accepted her role with a soft moan, acknowledging again her subservience to his direction.

Borya then began to press down on her head, slowly forcing his thick, cock into her mouth, past her tongue and with his hand around her throat, he felt his cock head enter the deep recesses of her throat. He stopped just short of her choking, feeling his entire length and girth locked tightly inside. He moaned at the sensation, knowing how deep inside he was and how vulnerable she was, carefully contracting and relaxing her throat muscles so that she did not gag him out. He held steady there for a moment, his cock throbbing and leaping deep inside her throat, causing him to pant and moan as he allowed the waves of pleasure overcome him. The sensation was almost beyond endurance. She began to squeeze and release over and over again with the very back of her throat, making small guttural cries as she steadily worked and milked his member while carefully making sure it remained stuffed deeply in her mouth. He leaned over her slightly, his eyes slanted shut, his mouth now open and fully panting like a dog, his testicles tight and ready as they prepared to fill her with his warm milk, her reward for which she squeezed and sucked for, the load he needed so much to release deep inside of her.

"Oh deeper!" he cried. "Oh my dear, deeper, deeper inside of you."

He started to thrust now in earnest, his trembling hands still holding steady on her head and throat, her hands still dutifully behind her as he fucked her mouth, and she expertly massaged and worked him deep deep inside of her throat, milking his throbbing member as it twitched, held tightly and firmly inside her wet hot throat, her tongue teasing the sensitive underside with every stroke in and out, until her mouth and chin were completely coated with saliva and pre-cum. His pace quickened as the sound of her slurping and grunting filled the room. He gave a few more hard, quick thrusts of his thick, swollen member, then suddenly peaked over the edge and lost complete control, his cock jerking and spasming as it began pumping out his thick load of cum. He threw his head back and cried out loudly.

His orgasm pierced him entirely, shot thru him like an arrow, he could barely hear his own shouts and cries echoing around the room, but she heard him, and held him steadily inside of her mouth as he shuddered and shook with intensity, his eyes tightly shut as his body delivered load after load. Thick streams of his warm milk shot deep inside of her as he moaned and gasped, each powerful squirt filling him with exquisite pleasure and release. He squirmed and cried out in ecstasy as she swallowed each mouthful dutifully, however, there was so much of it this time, so much inside of his heavy testicles and swollen member, that eventually it began to flow out of her mouth. He thought he would die of a heart attack and he fell back into the chair gasping, his lap overflowing with his juices and her saliva, mixed into his pubic hair and coating his cock. He could not yet catch his breath. He continued to spasm helplessly as his grip on her head and throat relaxed. She had indeed drained him utterly and entirely.

"Natasha, you have killed me.." he panted. "And what a beautiful, beautiful death.."

In this moment, with her mouth and face coated with his release, and he with his head back on the chair and his breath coming in short ragged pants, she rose over him. He was helpless now, spent, exhausted, trying to come to his senses. His eyes slowly opened and he looked up at her, now lording over him with a satisfied look on her face. She leaned down and kissed him open mouthed and he received her, his cum dripping out into his own face, down his goatee and into his own mouth. He tasted himself, tasted what she had tasted, what she had drawn out of him, what he had needed to desperately to give her. He moaned slightly as he accepted his juices, allowing her to feed him his seed. His cock still twitched, hyper sensitive and alive under her, under her smug little smile which now controlled him as he became sedated, calm and heavily satisfied.

"You started the master and ended the captive." she smiled. He was in no position or state of mind to argue with her. She got up, wiped her mouth off with a handkerchief, did up her clothing and stood silently over him, as he looked up at her with great reverence and utter submission. His mustache and little beard glistened with wetness, his breath finally slowing as he nodded a reply.

"I am yours, Natasha. Your slave, your silly little schoolboy, your fool. When next we are together you will take me, and I will submit to your every wish."

That time will come soon enough, she thought, as she went to her desk and started to gather up her things for the evening. Her spent lover still unmoved in his chair, cock still out, trousers around his ankles as he contemplated what his paces his mistress would put him thru to make up for this