 One day I sat down on my bed with my wallet. I had so many old receipts and junk, I decided to clean things up. I pulled out a folded piece of paper. It had a name and a phone number written on it. It said 'Marie.'

Fifteen years ago I had a brief affair with Marie. We had met on the internet. One thing led to another and we decided to meet. I was married at the time and my marriage wasn't working out. Marie lived four hours away from me. We decided to split the difference and get a room half way between us.

I remember how intense our lovemaking had been. Marie was a petite woman. She had long, dark hair down to the middle of her back. She had small breasts and the tightest pussy I had ever experienced. We met a few times but we were both in different places. We decided to part company.

We soon weren't talking anymore and time had passed. I don't know why but I got out my phone and I dialed the number. I was surprised when Marie answered.

"Marie, it's Dennis from fifteen years ago. I hope you don't mind me calling."

"Dennis? I never thought I would hear your voice again."

I asked her how she had been. She was still working at the same company as before. Her son, who was a teenager was now grown and married. Everything was about the same. Marie asked me if I was still married. I told her that I had split from my ex-wife shortly after we stopped seeing each other.

"It's so nice to hear from you after all this time," she said.

I told her the same thing. I got up the courage to ask if she ever thought about me. She said at first, yes, but as time passed, less so. I said the same thing to her. I had to ask. Would she like to get together sometime. There was a long pause.

"I need to think about that. It's been so long now."

I said I would hope to hear from her again. A couple of weeks had passed and I heard nothing from Marie. One evening my phone rang and it was her.

"I'd like to meet if you are still up for that," she told me.

I asked her how she decided she wanted to meet. She said one night she was in bed. She was naked and thinking about me. She was touching her pussy. She remembered when I first entered her with my cock. She didn't tell me this at the time. She said it hurt so bad. She hadn't had sex in a long time. She said my cock felt enormous inside her.

She had fingered herself and came to an orgasm. She decided to call me. We agreed on a weekend when we would meet. I called her later and said I got us a room where we last met. That Friday afternoon I drove to the motel. Marie was already waiting for me. We checked in and went to our room.

We weren't going to waste time. Marie went into the bathroom and I got undressed and got onto the big bed. When Marie came out it was just like fifteen years ago. Marie still had long hair but it was starting to go gray. Her body looked the same. I could see that her small nipples looked hard.

She joined me and we had our first kiss in all those years.

"I didn't want to admit it but I missed you," she said. " I wanted us to be together but you were still married."

I didn't know what to say. I pulled her close to me. I started to suck on her nipples.

"God, I missed that!" She told me.

As I worked on her nipples I brought a hand down to slit. Marie was already wet. I slipped two fingers inside. That really got Marie worked up. A few minutes of that and Marie pulled away.

"I waited too long for this. I need your cock."

We got into our favorite position. I was on my back and Marie mounted me. She smeared her slick pussy folds against my pole. Marie lifted up and my head met her gash. She slowly lowered herself down.

"Damn! I forgot how big you were."

It took some time before I was able to enter Marie completely.

"Just go slow Dennis. It feels like you are ripping me apart!"

We did go slow at first. I let Marie take her time sliding up and down my pole. I reached down and took her ass cheeks in my hands and pulled on them.

"Fuck! You are stretching me out," she said.

I could feel Marie's pussy going into spasms. To me it felt like her pussy and my cock felt perfect together. I knew this was something I had missed all these years. I was going to have Marie just how I wanted. I told her I was going to mark her tight hole with my dick. She would be mine from now on.

That kind of talk seemed to push Marie over the edge.

"You're giving me these intense orgasms," she told me.

That's when I pulled my hands away and went for her tits. I pinched each of her small nipples. That made Marie squeal out loud.

"If you keep doing that..." Her sentence trailed off.

"What will happen if I keep doing that?" I asked her.

"You're going to make me fall in love with you again."

In love with me again? That was the first time I heard of such talk. I started to pump harder and deeper into Marie. There would be no more going slow. I was going to take her pussy and make it mine. Marie clamped down hard around my dick. It was like she was making up for all that lost time.

"I want us to cum together," she told me.

I brought my ass up off the bed. Marie let out these cries as I split her tight hole with my shaft.

"Please Dennis, cum in me!" 

A few more strokes and I gave Marie her wish. I sent a gusher of my white cream deep into her belly. I watched as Marie's body shook with sexual pleasure. Marie milked my bone dry that first time. She soon collapse onto my chest.

"I want to tell you something. I'm not just saying this. I never had a lover like you before." Marie told me.

Marie did pull free after some minutes. My hot spunk came spilling out of her pussy.

"Let me go and clean up," she said.

Marie came back a few minutes later.

"I hope it's okay with you. I need to rest. My pussy is so sore from the fucking you gave me."

We just rested on the bed and talked. After we had split, Marie said she was depressed. She didn't want to admit it to herself. She had fallen in love. It took a long time to get over our love affair.

"You might not believe this but I only had sex twice in those fifteen years. They weren't the lover that you were."

Marie did recover and I had her again. The next time was more traditional. I took hold of her legs and brought them onto my shoulders. I fed Marie with every bare inch of my cock that I could. I hope that the people in the rooms next to ours didn't hear all those fucking noises.

Marie was certainly loud in bed. She begged and pleaded for cock. She got her wish. I gave her multiple loads of my seed that weekend. By the time we were finished Marie's pussy was red from all that fucking.

At the end Marie wanted to know what we were going to do. Would it just be a repeat of the last time? I asked her if she wanted to be with me. She gave me a look like I was the stupidest person on the planet.

"Of course I want us to be together."

We began to discuss how we could make that happen. We will be together somehow. For right now we will get together every few weeks. We both can't live without all that hot sex we have together.