 It was the early evening of a lovely summer's day and I was driving home. I'd had a hard day trying to make my appointments in a string of coast towns amongst the holiday traffic and was looking forward to getting home. I was about twelve miles away when I saw a woman stopped by the side of the road. As I passed by her I realised that she was having trouble trying to change a wheel. Just ahead of me there was a small lay-by about fifty yards on so I stopped there and went back to see if I could help her change her wheel. 

The woman was between her early forties to mid-fifties by looking at her and she had a really nice figure. She was well-dressed and attractive and looked up at me as I walked up her. 

"Having some trouble?" I asked. 

"Yes," She answered.

"I have a puncture and I can't get the damned wheel nuts off to change the wheel," she smiled. 

"Here, let me have a go," I said. 

The wheel-brace was one of those right angled things, however it did fit the wheel-nuts tightly but I just couldn't shift the nuts using my hands. So I stood on the shaft and bounced up and down on it and I soon had the nuts loose. I jacked the car up and removed the wheel then fitted the spare and did the nuts back up again. I let the jack down and put the punctured wheel in the boot along with the tools away at the same time. 

"There you, job done!" I said.

"Oh, thank you so much, I'd never have got those nuts undone on my own." The woman said. 

"Are you on your way home?" She asked surprised me.

"Yes I am," Was all I answered.

"Well, you're hands are absolutely filthy, I live only just down the road, why don't you leave your car there and come with me in mine and you can get cleaned up?" She said to me.

I accepted with pleasure as my hands were in fact extremely dirty. That wheel hadn't been off the car in a very long time by the looks of it. So I got in her car and she drove to her house or rather a bungalow. It was a big place, sitting back off the road in a large garden. She opened the door and we went in.

"I expect you could do with a drink," She asked as she raised her eyebrows. 

"Tea or something stronger?" She asked again.

"Well I was looking forward to getting home but if you don't mind I will have a large vodka and tonic if you have it?." 

"Right, tell you what, you get yourself cleaned up then go get your car then you can have a large vodka and tonic when you get back!" She said to me. 

"Ok," I replied.

I washed up and then walked back to my car. I drove it back to her bungalow and parked it in the drive. As I went in the front door she came out of the kitchen. 

"Just in time," she said. 

"I've just made us both a drink." She certainly had by the looks of it.

She handed me a large tumbler which turned out to have more vodka than tonic in it, not that I minded. Then she led me into a lovely sitting room that looked into the back garden, it was beautiful. 

"My name's Carol," She said to me.

"And before you ask, I'm a widow and I live here alone. As you can see my hobby is gardening." She said again.

"My pet hate, but I'm used to gardeners, my ex-wife was a very keen one. I laughed. 

"My name is John by the way," I replied.

"I am very pleased to meet you," Carol said.

"You were a real knight in shining armour today! I know it's none of my business but you said 'ex-wife'?" She enquired to which I nodded. 

"I was a naughty boy and got caught, although I have to say that our marriage didn't turn out as we'd hoped."

"Yes, I somehow got the impression that you might be a player, you're very attractive to women, I bet you were quite a naughty boy!" She said laughing. 

"It's funny, isn't it? When I was married women wouldn't leave me alone and now that I am single again all the married couples steer clear!" I stated.

"Well, I'm not married!" She replied and somehow that did not surprise me. 

"No, and you are a very attractive woman!" I said as she inclined her head. 

"Thank you, it must be apparent to you that I am considerably older than you are, would that be a problem?" She asked.

In the few moments I had been with her we had now reached a point that would normally take weeks.

"Not at all, I prefer experienced women and although I have had many married women I do like to consort with those who carry no baggage." Carol laughed as I said that to her.

"Yes, I would guess one or two of your married conquests wanted more than you were prepared to give!" She replied as I finished my drink and stood up getting ready to leave.

"Surely you're not going to drive after that drink?' She asked and I sat down again. 

"No of course not, I'll get a taxi." I replied.

"Well, that's up to you, you're not going back to anyone I presume?" She asked again. 

I shook my head. 

"Well then why not stay here I haven't had a man for quite a long time and I really fancy you!" She said with a sly grin on her face.

I had never been propositioned quite so bluntly but I accepted immediately. 

"I find you extremely sexy and attractive so sure I'll stay." I smiled.

"Great!" Carol said as she got us both another drink.

"You sit there and watch the news and I'll get us some dinner." She said and off she went back into the kitchen as I said there and watched the news on the television that she had put on. Half an hour later she produced a nice salad and a bottle of wine.  

"All produce from my garden," she told me as she sat the plates down on the table. 

"I have a lovely kitchen garden as well as all the flowers and shrubs." She aid as we sat down to the salad and wine that was Chablis which I thoroughly enjoyed. 

It was followed by a mixed fresh fruit salad which she said was also from her garden. Afterwards I went out and got my bag. I'd been staying away all week, it contained leisure clothes and I went to a bedroom and changed. After that we sat down with a coffee and got to know each other a bit better and we learned a little about each other's history. Carol had actually been married twice. 

"My first husband was a real goer. I have a high sex drive so that was okay by me, however, my second couldn't stand the pace and I'm afraid I loved him to death. It's always difficult to find a man with real stamina. However, every cloud has a silver lining, they were both well off and I'm well cared for now." She smiled wickedly. 

"I'm a little unusual for a woman, I like to watch pornography, do you watch it?" She said as we chatted for a while about ourselves.

"Sometimes," I replied. 

"As I said, I have found it not so easy to attract women as I did, so I occasionally watch to relieve myself, if you know what I mean." 

"Oh, I know what you mean alright," Carol laughed. 

"I do exactly the same thing but a finger is not quite the same is it? What sort of film do you like?" 

"Well, I don't like those boring ones where all it is is a long succession of sexual acts. I much prefer to see sex in what I would call a normal context, say as something people do when they like each other and it's a part of their natural life." 

"I can't quite believe this is exactly what I like! I have quite a few you'd be surprised to learn that there are film-makers who make that sort of film. One I particularly like is a thriller but with lots of sex, would you like to watch that?' Carol laughed.

"I certainly would," I replied. 

Carol got up and went to a locked cabinet where she took out a DVD and inserted it in her player. Then we sat back side by side on a large sofa. The film was all Carol had said and I soon became aroused and Carol was breathing hard. 

"I have to tell you that by now I'm usually masturbating! But I won't now because I'm sure there's something better coming! She said with a huge smile on her face.

The ending was really something, I ended up with a throbbing hard-on and I was sure that Carol would be sopping wet too. As soon as it was over Carol got up and switched off the player and the TV then she took me by the hand. 

"Come on let's make some porno ourselves!" She grinned and led me to a bedroom. 

"It's an en-suite," she told me.

"So have shower and I'll join you in a few minutes." Carol told me.

I showered quickly and lay on the bed, a few minutes later Carol came in she was as naked as I was. She had a great figure, rather small breasts, but exquisitely shaped with lovely swollen aureoles and pert nipples and an almost flat stomach that really set off a very prominent mound that was divided by the closed lips of her cunt. She had a little heart-shaped patch of pubic hair, the point of the heart just touching the join of her lips. She was a near blonde with green eyes and a creamy complexion she looked really beautiful especially as she had great legs to go with it all. She was smiling as she approached the bed, her eyes focused on my still rigid cock. 

"What a beautiful cock!" She said as she knelt by the side of the bed and kissed it then took it in her mouth and began sucking and jerking me off. 

She was certainly experienced and knew exactly what she was doing. As soon as she detected that I was nearing a climax she stopped and got on the bed with me. 

"Now fuck me, darling," she said. 

She rolled onto her back and spread her legs and I finally got to see her beautiful cunt. The lips now parted and revealing inner lips of no great size and a noticeable hood that failed to hide a massive clit. It ran under the skin right down to the entrance to her vaginal canal and then, as I was to discover, split in two and followed round the opening. Everything glistened with moisture, her thighs already slick with it. I mounted her, put my arms behind her knees, lifted her legs until her knees were touching her breasts and grabbed her shoulders. I let go with my right hand, Carol was breathing hard, taking my cock in hand I rubbed the open mouth of her cunt. I teased her clit and rubbed it all around the slippery yet delicate flesh then entered her. 

"Fuck me hard, John, hard as you can, just go on until you cum inside me!" Carol panted.

I took her at her word and fucked her tight hot slippery cunt as hard as I knew how. Two minutes later I came, half a dozen fierce spurts deep into her filled her and she came with a cry and a great shudder, then I flopped on top of her.

"Oh, darling, that was great! I haven't been fucked like that since my first husband died!" She panted, as I gasped for breath.

She was kissing me and stroking my hair and I went to withdraw. 

"No, don't do that, darling, leave it in, I like the feel and I promise I'll get you hard again in a minute, then we can have a long, lovely fuck." She said hurriedly.

She was as good as her word and after about five minutes she began to squeeze her internal muscles rhythmically as she detected a movement, started to move very gently back and forth with just little movements. It certainly did the trick and I became hard again.

"Now just fuck nice and gently, I don't care if you last all night, I shall enjoy every moment!" She murmured.

Well, I didn't last all night but I did fuck her for something over a couple of hours like that. No great pressure to cum for a very long time and a real lazy fuck it was. I shot my load up her for a second time and she gripped me tightly as she came again. It appeared that she only came when I did. Then I rolled off and we went to sleep.

Later I felt her bum against me, spoons style, and I got hard again so I manoeuvred my cock into her by hand and fucked her gently again for a long, long time. She went to sleep while I was fucking her and I wasn't far behind. When she woke in the morning I was still inside her and she tried to pull herself off me but somehow she had closed up on me so tightly that she couldn't do it. Her attempts woke me and we discussed the situation.

"Tell you what, Carol, it's your lovely tight cunt that's trapped me, talk dirty to me, make me hard, I'll fuck you and after you can release yourself." I said to her. 

She liked that and told me how, when she was between husbands she had taken on two men who had fucked her senseless, the way she described it soon had me hard again and I fucked her. Having once again shot my load up her she released herself easily and, once we had recovered, we went and showered together. Afterwards we dressed and went to the kitchen and Carol made a real fry-up. 

"I don't do that very often," she told me. 

"But a good night's fucking needs a bit of sustenance!" She said as we sat chatting in the kitchen. 

"I'm so full of spunk that I've had to put on a pair of thick knickers to cope, look!" She said. 

She spread her legs and there was a great wet patch between the legs of her knickers. 

"Do you like being like that?" I asked. 

"Oh, of course, it makes me feel so sexy feeling your lovely spunk oozing like this," She smiled.

"Then you wouldn't object to more of the same?" I asked her.

"I certainly wouldn't!" She replied. 

"Then take them off and bend over the table!" I told her.

She did as I asked and it gave me a lovely view between her thighs of her lovely cunt oozing my spunk. I dropped my trousers and pants and eased my hard on into her as my cum squirted out around my shaft. As I began to fuck her it ran down the insides of her lovely thighs. 

"Ooooh!" she cried and came noisily as I fucked her harder. 

"You fucking sexy whore," I snarled. 

"This is what you've got a cunt for!" I cried out as I was ramming my cock in as hard as I could and shifting the table across the floor. 

She started crying out and cumming and grabbing the sides of the table. I could feel her body shaking in the throes of her orgasm. I fucked her like that for longer than I thought I could before finally shooting my spunk up her again. I withdrew and watched my spunk mixed with her juices oozing out of her open cunt and it felt incredibly erotic. As she calmed down she stood and turned around putting her arms round me and hugging and kissing me. 

"You are right," she panted.

"That's exactly what I've got a cunt for," Carol moaned as she tried to get her breath back.

"I'm not going to lose you! You can come and fuck me whenever you like!" She said with a smile from ear to ear.

And that is how it is, she turned out to be fifty-one, fifteen years older than me but the best fuck I have ever had. Why would I bother with anyone else?