 It had been months since I had last seen her. Since the night she moved out of town. She was returning for vacation, though, this weekend. All I had to do was drive to the bus station and pick her up.

I had been waiting for about 10 minutes when she finally walked out the arrivals gate. She was as beautiful as ever; long blonde hair, about 5'4", green eyes, great curves and a smile that could knock you dead. She was my goddess.

"Hey gorgeous" I called out to her.

She turned and ran to me and jumped into my arms with a big hug and planted a kiss on my cheek. I guess she had missed me too. We stood there for awhile just holding each other.

"So are we going to meet up with the gang tonight?" I asked her.

"Actually, I thought you and I could hang out tonight. You know, catch up on things!" 

It sounded like a plan to me so I carried her bags out to my truck. We hopped in the truck and she slid over right next to me on the bench seat. It was nice having her around again. She had been my best friend for years and a secret object of desire for even longer.

It was about a 30 minute drive to my house from the bus depot. We had a chit chat about the usual pointless stuff in life. I made a joke and she burst into laughter and put her hand on my thigh. I looked at her and she smiled and pecked me on the lips.

"Relax" she said. With that she slid her hand to my waist and undid my belt. I was speechless. What could I say? My best friend was putting her hands down my pants and it was everything I had always wanted.

She undid my pants and pulled out my half erect penis. I could barely keep my eyes on the road. She began stroke my shaft and bring me to life.

"Just don't get us in an accident, babe."

After a little while I was fully erect and I had realized why it was that she had sat so close to me. She looked into my eyes, smiled and then took the plunge. Her soft lips kissed the head of my dick and she licked around the head. Slowly she descended until she had taken the whole of my dick into her mouth.

"Mmm...Rhiannon."

She continued to slide her lips and tongue along the length of my shaft. Sucking like a professional, I was amazed. She even hummed while doing it and it was one of the most amazing things I had ever felt. If she kept this up it wouldn't be long before I would blow.

I took my right hand and laid on top of her head as she bobbed up and down, sucking my manhood.

"I'm almost thereeeeee."

She sucked harder and faster. My balls tightened and she plunged deep and I let myself shoot a load into the deep of her throat. She swallowed every drop and then licked my shaft clean.

She put me away and then put her arm around me.

"That's just a taste of what you're in store for tonight, love."

We arrived at my house minutes later and I carried her into the house. We were at it before we even got the door closed. I pushed her against the wall and kissed her wildly. I slid my hands onto her ass, it was amazing, soft but firm and nice and round. I broke the kiss and kissed her neck. She had told me that it was a big turn-on for her. I could hear her moaning and felt the vibrations of her throat as she did so.

I grabbed her ass and lifted her up and continued to kiss her neck. She wrapped her legs around my waist and I carried her down the hall to my bedroom. I laid her on the bed and stripped off my shirt and pounced on top of her. I kissed her again and then pulled her top over her head. She was wearing a cute black bra (you know what they say about black underwear). Her breasts were probably a B and they were perfect. I didn't like huge tits; hers were the epitome of my desire. I undid her bra and gazed at the magnificent breasts I was about to gorge myself on. 

I placed my lips on her left tit and kissed around her nipple, teasing her. Then I did the same on the opposite side. I could feel her heart racing. Finally she forced my lips to her nipple. I nibbled on her and her nipples became instantly hard.

My lips left her wonderful tits and licked down to her belly-button.

"Now it's your turn Rhi." I undid her jeans and slid them off and threw them on the floor. Her panties matched her bra, except there was a jeweled heart on her panties. 'Sexy' I thought to myself. I pulled off her panties and threw them across the room.

I kissed the inside of her thigh and then the other. I blew on her pussy.

"Please... Don't tease. I want to feel your tongue in my cunt!"

I knew it'd increase her pleasure if I teased her a little longer, so I did so. Finally I let me face feel her folds. She moaned out loudly in delight. I began to probe my tongue into her warm wet pussy. She clamped her thighs around my head and was howling. I started to bite at her clit and that drove her wild. She was screaming.

"FUCK YES! FUCK! EAT ME OUT! SUCK MY PUSSY! OH FUCK!"

She was getting wetter and I could tell she was near orgasm. I licked her clit in circles and she came. Her pussy juice squirted all over my face before she finally released me from between her legs.

She pulled me up on top of her and kissed me ferociously, not minding the taste of her own cunt.

"I want you to fuck my brains out, Johnnie." She reached down and undid my pants again and slid them off, next came the boxers. 

I poised myself over her extremely wet pussy. I looked into her eyes and she started back into mine. Slowly I slid my cock into her wet trap. She threw her arms around my neck and moaned. I continued to slide in and out slowly until I could feel she was ready for some good fucking. 

I started to buck faster and harder into her. She thrust up to meet me and we had a good rhythm going. She wrapped her legs around my waist as I fucked into her harder and faster.

"Oh fuck yeah Johnnie. You feel so fucking good inside me." I really hadn't ever heard her talk so dirty before. "Here, lift my legs. I was a cheerleader remember."

With that she pulled both her legs up and put them on my shoulders. I couldn't believe how good it felt to fuck in this position. The friction felt amazing and I fucked her as hard as I could. She was biting her lip so she wouldn't scream out and cause alarm in the neighborhood. 

I was determined to last until she had had another orgasm. With that thought in my mind I flipped her onto her stomach and she raised her beautiful ass up to me. I slid my cock into her from behind and began slamming into her. She was wailing like a banshee. From her noises she was close to another orgasm and so was I.

We kept fucking in this position and she reached back and started to play with my very tight balls. Her pussy tightened and I felt her orgasm onto my cock.

"I'm going to cum!" I yelled.

"Mmm, cum inside me!!!" she grunted back.

With that I let loose and shot the biggest load of my life into her sopping wet cunt. She flipped over, my cock still in her and kissed me softly. "This is just the start of vacation." She said.

We held each other and fell asleep, me still inside her.