 “What could I do?”

“I don’t know – something anything but, but – how could you have done that?”

“Tommy, I was drunk. I was handcuffed and tied to a chair. I didn’t have much of a choice.”

“You certainly looked like you were enjoying it.”

“In the context of the situation – I suppose I was.”

“In the context of the…we were getting married the next day.”

“Actually, given when that happened it was our wedding day.”

“Jeezzasfucking…! What am I supposed to do Brittany? Just laugh this off like it’s no big deal.” Tom looked down at his wife. She sat primly with her hands in her lap. Despite the obvious expression of contrition on her face and in her body language there was a certain light in her eyes that said quite the opposite.

Tom walked behind his wife slowly easing his belt out of its loops. He moved quickly and decisively.

“What are you doing? Tommy, stop this right now!’

Tom watched as his wife struggled against his belt. She was now secured with her arms pined to her sides. He walked to the VCR and rewound the tape. He slowly removed every stitch of his clothing. He pressed play.

Tom’s wife watched as he approached her – he was fiercely erect. Behind him the videotape of her bachelorette party began to play. Tom slowly unbuttoned her blouse in much the same way that the stripper had, rubbing her tits and then unbuttoning a button. Tom removed her bra similarly. 

Tom kissed and pulled on her nipples in a way that he had never done before. But it was the way the stripper had kissed and pulled on Brittany’s nipples that night.

Tom did everything to her that the stripper had done, with one noteworthy exception.

Tom looked down at his wife, as a slight trickle of his cum dripped from the corner of her mouth. “Don’t you dare spit it out! From here forward if I come in your mouth you will swallow it– is that clear?”

Brittany swallowed noisily. “Yes Tom.” 

She hadn’t swallowed the stripper’s cum and she wouldn’t have even if he had cum in her mouth, which he didn’t, because she had told him that if he did she’d bite his cock off. The stripper did cum all over Brittany’s perfect breasts. On the videotape there were catcalls, cheers and randy comments from her friends. Then above it all clear as could be, Jan her best friend and Maid of Honor could be heard saying, “Don’t wash that off Brit. Make it a special treat for your husband to be.” Tom’s wife-to-be Brittany had smiled drunkenly at the camera.

“Tommy. You know I didn’t do that to you. I did shower, you know I did. I’m sorry you had to see this. I can’t imagine what you must think of…what are you doing?”

Tom straddled Brittany’s legs and reached behind her to loosen the belt. He made a loop in it and placed her hands inside the loop drawing it snug. He pulled her to her feet and walked her to the front door. He made a knot in the other end of the belt and opened the door enough to slide the belt over the transom. He closed the door.

“Tommy…Tom? Please don’t do this. Someone could see me here.” The front door was half beveled glass panels and anybody looking in would be able to see her. The thought both appalled and excited her. Tom pushed her forward so that her naked breasts were flattened against the cool glass. She couldn’t help think that if her nipples got any harder they might actually scratch the glass.

He moved around behind her and finished undressing her until she stood naked, her arms overhead. He slid his hand slowly up the inside of her thigh. He was shocked at how aroused she was - she was literally dripping wet. Her scent was frighteningly powerful and his head spun with desire. He pushed two fingers into her and slowly worked them back and forth. With his other hand he reached around and diddled her clit.

Her head swung side to side as her husband…was this her husband? What had happened to her sweet Tommy? Tommy treated her like a queen. Tommy was concerned about her every need. Tommy was always kind and considerate. Tommy was a perfect gentleman.

This man didn’t care about her concerns. This man ignored her needs. This man ignored her complaints and threats. This man was using her and she could hardly imagine enjoying it more. She began to buck her hips against his hands she could feel a tremendous orgasm coming.

He stopped! He simple stopped stimulating her clit and pulled his fingers from her cunt.

“NO! Oh God Tommy, please! I’m so close. Tommy!” She was desperate for stimulation. She would do anything for stimulation. She pulled against the belt with no success. She tried to rub her thighs together but without effect.

The fingers returned to her cunt and resumed their rhythmic movement. The wet sound of her cunt was deliciously obscene.

“Listen carefully can you hear it?” Tommy’s face was next to hers as his fingers continued. “Listen to the sound your wet hungry cunt is making, can you hear it? I can hear it loud and clear…slut…slut…slut…slut…slut. You’re a slut aren’t you? You’ve always been a slut, haven’t you? Slut…slut…slut…slut…Say it. Say it…”

“No Tommy…please don’t.”

“Say it Brittany!” Tom stopped again as Brittany teetered on the edge of orgasm. “What if I never make you cum again? How would you like that?”

“AHHHHH!” The frustration Brittany struggled against with was maddening. She had certainly been wild before marriage. She’d enjoyed more then her fair her share of men. Yet she had never loved any man before she met Tom. She knew from the first time they kissed that she wanted to spend the rest of her life with him. And in the one year of their married life she had been 100% completely faithful. Yet she knew, by Tommy’s definition, probably by most people’s definition, she had been a slut; she was a slut who desperately loved her husband.

Tommy took her to the edge again and again. “Say what you are, say the word, say it!”

“I am a…I’m Tommy’s slut.” It just popped into her mind and suddenly everything was so clear. “Yes, I’m Tommy’s slut. I belong to Tommy. I’m his slut. I’m your slut Tommy. I belong to you. Your slut needs fucking Tommy…your slut needs to be fucked real real bad.”

Tommy spun her around and thrust into her so hard that he lifted her feet off the floor. Again and again he thrust into her. He was fucking her hard; harder then he ever had. He was fucking her hard like she needed. Even as he came he continued to thrust into her until she came too.

She hung against the belt as her orgasm continued to echo through her. She whimpered pleadingly as her husband removed his softening cock from her.

Tommy leaned against the door and sank down to the floor, breathing heavily. Brittany hung limp from the belt, her legs splayed wide.

“Tommy…sweetie, I’m making a mess here. Tommy…Tommy!”

He was standing beside her – he was smiling. She loved him so much. She loved the way he listened to her, talked to her, touched her and loved her. She loved the way that he kissed her nipples, the way he licked and suckled her cunt. She loved the way he held her. She loved the way he would bring her a warm washcloth and clean her.

But this – today. She loved this most of all. She had turned Tommy’s down request for oral sex countless times. It wasn’t that she didn’t enjoy it, she did. It was simply the expression of her power to dominate him. To have her way with him.

Tommy had forced his cock into her mouth, compelled her to take it into her throat, to swallow his cum. Tommy had fucked her, slammed his cock into her – until her knees had buckled in orgasm.

Tommy brushed her damp hair from her face. He leaned his head against the door and gazed into her eyes.

“I’m so sorry Tom. I love you so much. You know I do – you know that.” Her eyes welled with tears. “I love you Tommy, I love you with all my heart.”

“I know Brit. I love you too. But this…what am I supposed to do about this?” He nodded his head in the direction of the TV. “You realize there are going to be some changes around here.”

Brittany nodded her head as Tom helped her to her feet. He turned her to face the door again and reached up to release the belt. In reaching up his cock pressed against the crack of her ass. He paused, and then stepped back.

Her cunt was messy with cum. He rubbed his finger along the open seam of her cunt until it was slick with their juice.

“I’ve never had your ass have I?”

“Tommy, please don’t. I know we need to talk about a lot of things, but...”

He circled her anus with his finger and pushed it slowly inside. He smiled as Brittany stiffened her legs. “Please Tommy, let me down and we’ll talk.” She was starting to squirm. 

“I’ve never had anal sex Brittany.” He slowly worked a second finger into her ass.

“No Tommy, please.”

“Now, now Brit… I’m sure it’s more a question of when last you had your ass fucked…not if. I’m gonna fuck your ass dear. You can coach me or I can learn by trail and error.”

Tommy slid his hard cock into Brittany cunt. “Should I just cram it in, sweetie?”

Brittany hung her head in defeat. “Go slowly. Put your cock right against my butt hole and press gently forward.”

Tommy pushed his cock against her ass. He felt resistance at first. Then he felt Brittany push against him and her ass yielded to his cock and he watched it slowly disappear inside her.

“Slowly…slow…oh…oh….” Brittany felt a small surge of guilt as her rectum easily relaxed around her husbands cock. It had been a long time since she had a cock in her ass. This was something that she had decided to deny her husband. Not that she didn’t like an occasional ass fucking, she actually did. 

She also knew from experience that just like swallowing a guy’s cum, if you enjoyed getting anal sex, guys figured you were pretty much open for anything. This was why she was feeling that surge of guilt. She had been open for pretty much anything. Tommy didn’t know the half of it, not by a long shot.

Tommy began his thrusts, slow at first…growing faster…harder. His hands returned to his wife’s breasts and rolled her hard nipples between her fingers…rolled her nipples hard, really hard.

“Fuck me Tommy, fuck my ass hard.” Tommy was slamming into her ass so hard that the door was shaking under the impact.

Brittany had always felt a wonderful comforting and steady warmth with Tommy. That was a part of her love for him. He was so steady, so sure – he was her rock. But her rock was turning her to molten lava. She felt a growing heat within her, a familiar fire. She really had no choice as she surrendered willingly to the flame.

Brittany eased her sore body into the hot water of the tub. She soaked in blissful afterglow. She smiled as she thought of a new nickname for her beloved husband, “The Tominator.” He had been like a fucking machine, a fucking fuck machine.

“Wine?” Tommy offered her a glass of perfectly chilled chardonnay.

Brittany nodded, this was more like it. As much as she had enjoyed being thoroughly fucked and used, she couldn’t let Tommy think he was now in charge. That just wouldn’t do at all.

“Sweetheart, I’m going out for about an hour and then I’ll be right home. How about we go out someplace special tonight – drinks, dinner, dancing?”

Brittany smiled. Tommy was quickly returning to his proper role.

Brittany pulled her thong into place. She had almost decided not to where it as she was concerned it might irritate her tender ass. Tommy would be very solicitous when she murmured her discomfort later tonight. Oh yes, by tomorrow morning all would be as it should be.

“I’m back honey. Wow! You look incredible, unbelievable. You know what that black dress does to me. Are you wearing the lingerie too?” Tom’s voice nearly cracked as Brittany lifted the back of her dress to show her thong split ass to him.

“I wore this just for you, because I know that it’s your favorite.” Brittany wondered if she was laying it on a little to thick. 

“I got something for you. A present, for you - tonight.” Tommy pulled a shallow black velvet covered case from his jacket. “Turn around and close your eyes.”

Brittany gasped as she felt the full weight of the cold metal against her bare skin. He heart pounded. He bought it, ohmygod he bought it. She had pointed out the gold necklace to Tommy many a time. A necklace that cost a month of Tommy’s salary. She let him walk her to the mirror. Okay, I’ll let you come in my mouth on special occasions.

“Open your eyes.”

Brittany gasped. It wasn’t the gold necklace. It wasn’t gold. It wasn’t really a necklace. It was a choke chain, a dog’s choke chain, with a shield at the bottom that said “Tommy’s SLUT!” in very clear letters.

“Tommy, I am not going to wear…”

“Any panties tonight! Take them off Brittany. Take them off now. When my slut wears a dress she doesn’t need panties.” Tommy reacted instantly at Brittany’s hesitation. He pulled her over his lap, pulled up her dress and pulled down her thong. He gave a hard slap on her butt before pulling her dress back down.

A ferocious fire flared in her eyes and Brittany raised her hand.

In a voice so calm and cool that she practically peed where she stood Tommy spoke to his wife on this their first anniversary. “Better learn to turn the other cheek Brit or I’ll fuck you here and now and let you drip all night long.”

“I was a fool Brittany, I knew what you were. You wouldn’t believe the number of people that have told me stories about you. But I was so in love with you, I just let you call the tune, I just let you…” Tom shook his head at his own foolishness.

“Brit, you can either suck my cock or I can eat you out before we go, it’s your choice. You can be angry and pissed off all night, and then I’ll fuck you when we get home. Or, you can be all warm and sexy and horny and then I’ll fuck you when we get home.”

Brittany brought her hand down to the metal shield of her necklace. Her fingers rubbed across the fresh engraving. Someone had easily cut hard metal with a harder knife. She let her fingers trace across “Tommy’s SLUT!” The change to the cold metal was permanent, it had been changed, could Brittany be changed too?.

Brittany knelt before her husband and unzipped his pants. She pulled his hardening cock out and stroked it slowly. When it was fully erect she lifted the metal shield and placed it on the top of Tommy’s hard shaft, letter side up.

“If I could offer a suggestion. Maybe we could do both, I’ll suck you and then you go down on me, and then when we get home tonight, we make love to each other?”

Tommy smiled and nodded as Brittany’s mouth engulfed his cock. She never lost eye contact. She didn’t miss a drop.

For his part, Tommy made sure that Brittany came so many times that night that she slept the entire night with a smile on her face. 

The next morning he woke her the same way.