 Does size really matter? If I hear that stupid question one more time I'll scream! YES! 

Of course size doesn't matter! It doesn't matter if the length of your erect cock is 5 inches or 10; it all comes down to that big, sexy, erogenous zone between your ears, ok?

That being said, I am one of those 'Size Queens'. So for me, it all comes down to that big, sexy, piece of meat between your legs.

I crave big cocks. I need a big fat prick regularly or I go insane. So I flirt a lot, and propose a lot. I get a lot of positive answers and I guess I'm lucky since I get a lot of great lovers.

But not all of them have what I really need. Evidently some do, so I leave them my number.

I have been asking myself for a while: what if there was a way I could know for sure the man I'm about to fuck has a nice big prick... besides asking him -of course he'll say yes he's not that dumb!

And I found a way: the wonderful wicked web. So many meat markets online... I was sure there would be one suitable for my needs so I hunted and recently found one.

I started chatting and emailing a couple of men and Richard caught my attention. Figures, with a nickname like his...

When he (finally!) sent me a picture of his cock, I knew I had to have it! We set a date to meet and fuck. I didn't want (still don't) all that getting-to-know-you-better-let-me-buy-you-flowers-oh!-you-look-so-beautiful-in-the-pale-moonlight-the-sun-is-nothing-in-comparison romantic stuff.

But I digress. Which I do often, and which I enjoy doing just to see if you're paying attention. Of course I don't want to lose your attention either so I'll get back to the point.

I had a feeling Dick (oohh such a nice name) wouldn't be the last of my online conquests so I labeled him 'Number 1'.

We were to meet in a park, after the lunch hour rush. Dick is a lawyer and conveniently could take an afternoon off to 'work from home'. At least that's what he told me.

I was pleased when I saw how elegant he looked in his dark suit, sitting on a bench near a fountain. I licked my lips and swayed my hips a little more than usual.

He stood when he saw me, a big grin on his face, and extended his large hand. He was tall! And handsome. I wondered if his wife knew what he was about to do...

I shook his hand and inhaled his cologne. "L'eau D'Issey..." I smiled appreciatively. 

"You have quite a nose," he replied with a deep voice that got me thinking about all the dirty things he would be saying soon.

"The scent brings back memories," I sighed and waived, wanting to get through the chitchat quickly.

He surprised me and grabbed my hand, directing it on his crotch. His cock was limp but the gesture got my blood boiling nonetheless.

"That's what you want, isn't it?" he stated.

I curled my fingers and fondled his balls over his expensive pants, looking into his eyes, biting my bottom lip, nodding.

He impressed me when he took me by the hand and quickly walked me to his car. His steps were huge and purposeful. I almost needed to run to keep up with him. I hoped he would fuck me the same way: not fast, but with passion and want.

He opened the door of his brand new Sedan for me. The smell of leather seats was exhilarating. God I love leather! He quickly took his place in the driver's seat and started the silent engine.

I was so hot I hiked my skirt up my thighs a bit. Dick glanced at me as I spread my legs and slowly stroked my firm flesh.

"Don't tease, Alexandra," he warned.

I just giggled and undid the first button of my pink blouse.

He licked his lips and sighed. His cock was getting hard. Good. I unbuttoned my blouse a little more and reached inside to brush a thumb on my hard nipple.

I wasn't wearing a bra and the warmth of my hand felt so good on my perky tit. I opened my blouse and exposed my ample breasts.

He was good, driving as if his cock was limp. Even his face was not showing how excited he was. But the tent in his pants was betraying him.

I squeezed my tits and moaned. "Where are you taking me, Dick? Are we there yet, Dick? Do you like my tits, Dick?"

I guess he got tired of my fooling around as he reached over and stuck his hand on my pussy. I wasn't wearing panties (eh! Why bother with underwear when you obviously know it won't be appreciated) and his hand parted my lips instantly.

He roughly rubbed my pussy and let out a low, eager growl. I liked how he took charge. He was not one of those pussies with no spine afraid of me or intimidated by me.

He was a bit boorish I admit, but I admired his spirit when he turned into a back alley and parked. Something from being in an expensive car in a deserted alley, about to get a nasty fuck drove me wild.

Him too, apparently, as he unzipped his pants and pulled out his fat cock.

I didn't pounce on his cock right away. I was mentally evaluating how big he was. I licked my lips, reached for my Vuitton and pulled out my tape. I just had to measure that dick!

He gasped as I carefully unrolled my measuring tape and meticulously took his measurements. He nervously laughed when I commented, "Not bad... 27.5 centimeters."

Sure, he kept bragging his dick was 12 inches, not 11, but I didn't make a big deal out of his exaggeration; he was still big enough.

"You wanted it, you got it. Now suck my cock, slut!" he said, slapping his meaty dick on the palm on his hand.

He reached over, grabbed a handful of my dirty blonde hair and pulled my head on his lap.

I thought he was going to shove his cock down my throat but he just stood still, with a tight grip on my hair. I relished in the mixed aromas of leather, new car, and cock.

He leaned back a bit and relaxed, showing me I'd run the show despite the appearance of the contrary. I chuckled and slowly swirled my tongue around the bulbous head before me.

The stupid stick was in the way, but I tried to ignore it, taking the tip of Dick's prick in my mouth, suckling, my tongue slowly licking. He smiled and closed his eyes when I looked up at him.

I kept my eyes on his thick cock. I didn't mind; nothing gets me wetter than a raging hard on. I licked his shaft up and down, slowly. Down and up, slower. Flicked my tongue under the head. His fingers clutched in my hair.

"Oohh yeah baby," he whispered between his teeth.

I rubbed my lips along the shaft, up and down. Licked around it, let my spit drop and glaze his whole cock.

Fuck! I love to suck cock so much my clit was throbbing. I wanted to rub it but given the size of the cock I had in my mouth, decided it would be best if I kept my hands available, just in case.

I let my lips slide along the enormous shaft, the thick piece of meat slowly filling my mouth. Halfway to the base of his cock, I figured there was no way I could get it all in, in this uncomfortable position. So I used my hands.

My mouth was badly in need of assistance. I jerked him off, my little hand somewhat the extension of my hungry mouth.

"Ooohh fuck... Alex..." he kept on moaning. I love it when men say my name with that panting, husky voice.

My pussy was craving attention. My tits were swaying as I bobbed my head on that monster cock, my puffy nipples ready to burst.

My throat was getting used to his length, so I was able to take him a little further each time. Soon I was almost completely swallowing him. He was very still but I was afraid he'd thrust and choke me.

He didn't. He just started to let out short little sighs.

"Oh... yeah... yeah... that's it... yeah..."

He was about to cum. "Oh, no, you don't!" I thought to myself, backing off quickly.

"Fuck, Alex!" he said between his teeth. I giggled and sat back in the passenger seat, my legs spread, my tits out.

"I want to feel that fat cock in my pussy, Dick. I want to feel your hot, sticky cum fill my tight cunt..." I moaned while I played with my drenched pussy.

His cock was glistening with spit and pre-cum, the head a nice shade of purplish pink... Beautiful! I'm such an artist!

I slipped a finger in my pussy, looking into Dick's brown eyes. I wanted to tease him a little bit longer but I couldn't handle any more teasing myself. I wrinkled my skirt around my waist and straddled him, the stupid stick in the way again.

I rubbed my pussy on his huge cock as I held on to his broad shoulders. God that man was built like a farmer! Strong shoulders, strong hands, big bulging biceps but nothing extreme... just good old natural bulkiness. 

I couldn't wait anymore. I had to sit on that big fucking prick. I reached between my thighs and steadied that fine piece of meat, Dick's large hands on my behind, and I slowly slid myself down.

Fuck! He was so thick it almost hurt!

"Too big for you, you little cock hungry slut?" he asked, almost challenging me.

"Fuck no!" I whispered, taking it all in, my clit tickled by his pubic hair, and started jumping up and down his massive cock.

"Shit Dick! You're so fucking huge!" I moaned my tight hole stretched almost uncomfortably, the tip of his cock bumping against my cervix.

My clit tingled as my nipples brushed on Dick's classy shirt. His moans and grunts were so close to my ear they gave me goose bumps. He squeezed my ass, hard, and started to thrust with me.

The Sedan's driver seat was very uncomfortable. But that just added to the excitement. 

Dick's fingers roamed around my asshole, probing, asking permission. I just chuckled and fucked him harder. I love anal play! I guessed I forgot to mention it to him.

My pussy was leaking so much his finger just slipped in my asshole instantly. I was so worked up with my clit thumping on his pubic bone, my tits rubbing on his chest, his wonderfully huge dick pounding my tight pussy that his finger in my ass was too much. I climaxed.

I was unable to say anything; I just kept moaning his name – moaning Dick over and over again kinda made me cum harder for some reason...-, digging my fingernails in the back of his shoulders, biting the warm skin of his neck, my tight ass clenching around his fingers, my cunt clenching around his shaft. God! He felt good!

He was moaning too now, pumping his cock in and out of my sopping wet pussy. His whole body became stiff and he whimpered, "You're making me cum you fucking bitch!"

I chuckled and bit my bottom lip, riding him harder. He let out some weird moans, like I was sucking the life out of him. I grabbed his dark hair and tugged a bit, my pussy taking every drop of his creamy cum.

The windows of the Sedan were all steamy. I could feel my back drenched with sweat, and Dick's posh shirt was soaked as well. He was so cute, his cheeks all flushed, his forehead damp.

Out of breath, I sat back in the passenger seat, as his thick cum slowly dripped down my inner thighs. I licked my lips, wondering what Dick tasted like. So I tasted him. I scooped some of his cum with my fingers and licked them clean between two breaths. 

Dick readjusted his cum stained pants and opened a window. The fresh air was welcomed.

"Next time I'm letting you cum in my mouth Dick! You taste so sweet," I said, licking my lips. 

He just laughed and proposed, "Next week?"

"OK," I agreed. "Just make sure you bring another pair of pants this time," I suggested, pointing to his crotch.

So there you have it; the first of my internet conquests. I recently contacted a nice mechanic that might very well be the second.