 Chapter 2: Richard Rises To The Occasion

Richard had only just reached the front of the hotel when Leilah appeared. She was breathtaking sight. She had changed and was wearing a flaming red sari of almost gossamer appearance. Richard believed he could see the outline of her body as the light shone from behind her. her hair had been loosened too and was at waist length.

They took a Trishaw to Bugis Street, Leilah giving instructions in what sounded like fluent Cantonese.

"You appear to speak fluent Chinese," Richard said. Leilah smiles," I try, I speak a little mandarin too as well as English and Hindustani Languages seem to come easily to me. I understand German too."

Richard was quite surprised at her use of the word Hindustani, like Miss Crawford it was rather old fashioned, people tended to use the word Hindi these days for the language of the Hindu. Perhaps it was living in Singapore that kept the references to a bygone era.

"How about French?" Richard asked, slightly tongue in cheek knowing it was rather a naughty way asking about oral sex.

Leilah smiled." Oh yes Richard, I am told that I am quite adequate in French too.!!"

Arriving in Bugis Street they soon found a restaurant that Leilah suggested would be quite acceptable and oddly enough even though the restaurant was quite busy they were shown to a vacant table with a view of the street. It appeared to Richard that the street-side tables were at a premium. Soon he understood why.

Leilah whispered, "I thought that the 'Ladies Parade' might amuse you Richard", she said.

Looking down the street he saw that it was gradually filling with beautiful Chinese and Indian ladies, probably between the ages of 20 and 25 although age was difficult to assess especially with the Chinese. However their dresses were so colourful and absolutely gorgeous. The Saris of the Indian and the Cheongsam of the Chinese, high collared dresses split to mid thigh and in some cases even higher.

Dinner of Crabs claws, boiled and fried rice, chicken and the typically Singaporean dish of Nasi Goreng was soon over. Leal again leaned over. "Did you like the girls Richard? she asked. He nodded that he did and she giggled. "Do you know that some of those gorgeous Chinese 'girls' are actually boys. Some of their customers get quite a shock as they get to know each other."

"Now Richard, I know of an area where Indian dances are performed. They are very interesting and I am sure you would like them. Shall we go?"

"At this time of night, why wait so late?" he asked. "Well, the Singapore Colonial authorities do not like people reminded of the old dances of India." She replied "Colonial authorities? "Oh sorry, of course I meant to say Singaporean Administration.", she quickly amended," Shall we go, or may be we should not attend. They can be a little erotic."

That decided Richard, his penis still showed signs of the tumescence of earlier in the evening. They caught a taxi, Leilah again giving instructions. They drove up Thompson Road towards the reservoir, then turned by Jalan Ikan merah, (the street of the Red Fish). It always amused Richard the indiscriminate use of English, Malay Indian and Chines Street names. They turned in to TAMPINES ROAD. "How do you pronounce that word?" he asked?

"Richard, I think you have a naughty mind, it is pronounced exactly as you are thinking, not as it is spelt. Perhaps quite right for a theatre of erotic dance, it is pronounced as in penis.

The 'theatre' just a stage with a curtain, a drape, was in the open air and the grassy clearing was quite small. Already there were quite a number of people. Europeans Chinese and Indians but incredibly there were two empty chairs by the stage and Leilah led Richard unerringly towards them. 

As they passed Richard thought he saw Miss Crawford sitting in the shadows, but no impossible. Just a woman wearing a vermilion and yellow silk scarf as Miss Crawford wore in the lift.

No sooner than they were seated the soft haunting sensuous music of India filled the clearing. Richard was quite astounded as the dancers appeared on stage. Although Indian they did not wear the traditional sari but the Malay sarong, which fell from the waist. There breasts were therefore quite bare and Richard eyes were drawn to the obviously oiled, gleaming breasts with there dark, in the flickering light almost black nipples. Nipples that appeared to be about an inch long. he felt leilahs hand seek out his own and she squeezed it as if to say. "Aren't they gorgeous?" The dance over, a sight that left Richard with quite a sizeable lump in the crotch of his trousers, was followed by yet another dance where the dancers used silken scarves which they wrapped around themselves giving glimpses of their naked bodies beneath. By this time Richard would have loved to unfasten his trousers and let his engorged penis free, but he felt that impossible of course.

The dancers returned to the stage, Leilah again leaned over and grasped his thigh, her fingers only inches from his throbbing cock. "This is the last dance, be assured it will be very different from those previously shown."

The music began, somehow much more sensuous than before, Richard also noticed a smell of musk, a warm womanly smell it reminded him of the erotic perfume of an aroused woman. The dancers appeared each now dressed only in a short apron and as they turned he could see that their buttocks were completely bare and as they danced closer to the edge of the stage Richard could not help but notice that they wore nothing under the apron and the black curls covering their mounds could easily be seen.

They were joined by a dancer who reminded Richard of the girl sitting by his side. She too wore a Red sari. As she danced two of the other dancers took hold of the free end and as the dancer whirled they unwound the folds of the sari until the woman who was no longer young, appeared in all her nakedness. Her breasts were full and high and as she moved her arms and hands caressing the air, her nipples seemed to grow in length. Then Richard noticed that her pudendum was hairless. The slit of her sex could quite clearly be seen. 

AS she danced Richard watched the incredible sight of the lips of her Yoni, the labia, swelled and glistened in the light. both inner and outer lips were opening as the woman danced and Richard watched in amazement as the woman's clitoris appeared. Not only appeared but emerged from its protective hood. The dancers legs were apart as she bent at the knees presenting herself to her audience. Richard had never seen such a display but it was not over. Her vulva was in full view. It was almost as if an invisible penis had entered her, had opened her up and the dancer responded as if that was the case. Richard suddenly realised that Leilah had his prick in her hand. She had opened his trousers without his realising and was now slowly massaging him. he could contain himself with great difficulty. He wanted to come, but not there Leilah leaned towards him. "Isn't she wonderful, do you not think it appears as if someone is actually fucking her?" That anglo Saxon word issuing from Leilah took him by surprise and he almost lost his control and then the woman let out a long scream. "She's coming, you come too Richard, it's all right, I want you to come,." The dancer did appear to be coming and Richard knew he could not control himself any longer especially when Leilah imprisoned his cock in her mouth and lightly touched the head with her tongue. He came too, barely concealing a squeal of ecstasy.

"Is my French acceptable?" she gave a wicked laugh, "Come on darling, I have a car waiting, I want to get you home, no not the hotel."

Richard could not understand, first how the car came to be waiting, and secondly it was a pre-war Daimler of magnificent appearance. But so old fashioned.

As he entered the car again he thought he saw Miss Crawford, but it couldn't be she, the woman was lying on the ground with her skirt around her waist, her thighs apart. Poised was an Indian youth apparently in his early 20's. It couldn't have been Miss Crawford as Richard distinctly heard her say. "For gods sake Ali, fuck me."

As the car drove away Leilah suddenly asked about the gift Richard had bought from her uncle. When he told her it was the bracelets it did not appear to surprise her. "One thing, Richard," she said, "never allow anyone try one on unless it is your intention to give her the bracelet to keep. If you do the woman may not ever get satisfaction and she would kill for that."

* * * * *

Miss Crawford had never experienced any like it. She had had a boyfriend once but he went away and she had never since bothered. Sex with Norman had not been like this. My god she was actually being fucked, a word not normally. in her vocabulary. Then the boy was coming, but she was not yet ready, she shouted words she did not realise she knew, - Fuck me harder, don't cum yet, I want that big prick up my cunt - make me cum - ooh ooh you bastard keep fucking me, but to her utter disappointment he did not make her cum, he just pulled out like so many men did, so her married friends had told her......This one needed a lesson.

* * * * *

Richard returned to the hotel at daybreak. he had never know sex like it. Leilah had massaged him, covered his body in oils and when he was begging her to take care of his straining penis which seemed to have reached a length and thickness never before achieved, she forced him on his back and facing him slowly lowered herself. he was looking at her sex, it seemed to be an exact copy of the dancer on the stage. It was wide open and glistening as she lowered herself onto it. This time there was no invisible man, but it was Richard who entered her. he rose to meet her as she engulfed him but he was not allowed to move. He couldn't move it was if some heavy weight held him in place as she slowly, very slowly engulfed the whole of his now straining cock only to lift herself clear until just the purple shining head of his prick was inside her. She held her position and he watched in awe as her Yoni appeared to slowly engulf him like the mouth of a snake, Leilah did not move but her labia appeared to lick and suck him, milking him. It felt as if many electric fingers were rubbing the length of his dick. He could not contain himself longer and as he shuddered his release he felt a ripple throughout Leilahs body, her vulva shivered and he knew she too had come.

* * * * *

Later that day after the meeting with Tan which came to a very satisfactory conclusion there were several oddities that were never explained to Richard's satisfaction. Not then at least.

First Richard had told Tan about the emporium leaving out of course all reference to his dalliance with Leilah. Tan Sung Mi had never heard of the Narinder Singh emporium so Richard took him. They travelled up and down Ben Coolan Street several times but could not find the store. Tan suggested that Richard had bought the bracelets at the night market and dreamed the rest. The bracelets looked ok but did not have the brilliance even Richard remembered.

He had also seen Miss Crawford at breakfast, but apart from quite a perfunctory nod there was no other recognition.

There was no Leilah on the desk, indeed the present receptionist did not know her, so could not confirm if she would be on duty before Richard left for the airport.

As he flew out for Paris and Miss Crawford minus her flamboyant scarf flew out for London on their respective aircraft they would both have been quite mystified had they seen the yellowing pages of the Straits Times newspaper of 23rd July 1934 The headlines on page one read.

PUZZLING MURDER OF INDIAN YOUTH

The body of an Indian Muslim youth was found on the outskirts of the ruined theatre just of TAMPINES Road. It is an area where many Tamils live and they are mostly Hindu so was it a religious killing. The oddity is the boy was minus his trousers and a small piece of silk was tied tightly around his private parts. He had been strangled with a red and yellow silk scarf and the material around his genitals was found to have been torn from the scarf.

On page 5 a much smaller paragraph remarked on the fact that:-

It is with some regret that Singapore must say farewell to Mr Narinder Singh. He and his wife Sa'An known for her glorious and most seemly interpretation of the Indian ballet, together with their niece Leilah are returning to Calcutta.

Of recent years Mr Singh's emporium has been a delight to the visitors to Singapore both military and civilian but he feels it time to take a rest.

What awaits Richard in Paris,' Perhaps Mdm laTouche - Michelle, would like a bracelet - My god she is such a raver', thought Richard. And Miss Crawford, sitting comfortably in her First Class seat and puzzling as to why she felt so sexually aroused for an unknown reason. Will their paths cross again?

Richard arrives in Paris/ Miss Crawford flies Air India

Charles de Gaulle Airport Paris 06.00 hrs

"Attention, attention, M. Richard Fanshawe, s'il vous plais, passenger, arrive dans Air France - 'allo' allo' Mr Richard Fanshawe if you please, passenger with Air France please report to the arrivals desk

Richard sighed. 'What's wrong now, six o'clock in the bloody morning, if its that bloody wife of mine again I'll bloody kill the cow?' He muttered to himself.

It was, another fax.

Richard, take the next flight out to Manchester, Andre laTour is here in the UK he misunderstood my fax. Meeting scheduled for 2.00pm. BE HERE Amelia

'Bugger you Amelia,' thought Richard, 'I'll catch a later 'plane - first to see if Michelle is home with Andre in Manchester.'

However it did not seem to be Richard's day as only the answer phone replied. 

He did have a stroke of luck. In the duty free store he saw some small boxes, lined in blue velvet. he bought four. One for the bracelet for Amelia, one for mother-in-law, one for Michelle and one for whom it might take his fancy at a later date. After all some strange things had happened, maybe the bangles did loosen inhibitions not because they had any magical properties but because they were attractive - in the right light.

If only he realised how strange the happenings were.

SAUDI AIR SPACE - 45,000 FT - AIR INDIA 747 FLIGHT 69 - CALCUTTA TO LONDON.

Miss Mildred Crawford settled back in her First Class seat of the Air India jet. The Singapore Airlines flight had gone unserviceable at Calcutta and she had been transferred. A soft Indian voice broke into her thoughts. "Would Madame like a drink, a glass of champagne perhaps?"

Mildred smiled at the Stewardess and told her that she would love a glass of champagne. The stewardess had looked familiar too. Then the penny dropped, the girl was almost a twin of the receptionist at the Raffles hotel.

She soon returned, not with just a glass, but a half bottle of the best vintage Krug. "We shall be serving dinner in about twenty minutes, is that satisfactory for you?" Mildred said that it was.

It was an excellent dinner and then came a film. It was a little more racy than Mildred expected to see on an aircraft but apart from a young couple at the front who appeared immersed in each other, she appeared to be the only other First Class passenger.

After the film finished, Mildred found herself feeling the unusual urges she had experienced in Singapore and when the stewardess arrived to see if she wanted anything further she was very happy to accept the blanket.

The girl leaned forward. "Miss Crawford, My name is Lila, if you require anything, anything at all before we arrive in London, please call me. I see the young couple in the front seats are fast asleep, I do not expect then to waken until just before we land. I believe they have imbibed rather too much."

Mildred thanked her and mulled her name over and over to herself. 'Lila mm Lila, now why does that sound familiar. Why of course, how odd. The receptionist at the Raffles who could be her twin, was Leilah. What an odd coincidence.'

Mildred settled down under the blanket and the raunchy thoughts returned. making sure no-one could see her she pulled up her dress, then raising herself in her seat she removed her knickers. Not being one for pantyhose she now had access to the area which she wanted to pleasure. She felt so wicked. She had not done this since school, but, she reflected, neither had she been fucked in thirty years but she had been two nights previously. Although she recalled, it had not been a satisfactory coupling.

Lost in the pleasure she was giving herself she was startled at the sound of Lila's voice. "Can I be of service, Miss Crawford?"

Mildred, turned towards her, her own fingers still busy under the blanket, Lila smiled and stepping closer raised her own skirt to reveal a smooth vaginal mound, and from her lower position Mildred could see it as a split peach. Again it reminded her of Singapore. something at the back of her mind. Yes, the dancer who not only appeared to simulate intercourse but actually seemed to have an invisible lover.

"There is no-one here Mildred, you don't mind me calling you Mildred do you?" Lila removed the blanket and also appeared to touch a switch as the two seats immediately formed one, in fact a bed. Without being asked Mildred swung up her legs and parted them as Lila, dropping her own skirt, knelt between the open thighs. A greedy tongue was lapping between the glistening labia where Mildred fingers had already been busy but this was far superior. Mildred remembered Kathleen, her room mate at university, so very long ago, but Mildred knew exactly what she wanted to do, she pulled at Lila who immediately knew what was required and swung around so that both women were in the old recognised position of soixante-neuf, the mutually pleasing 69 position where they over the next half hour mutually satisfied each other. Both women enjoying multi orgasms. The little deaths.

Afterwards, Lila asked if she might visit Mildred on some future visit to London and Mildred was only too pleased to give her the address.

Mildred Crawford was cumming alive

NARINDER SINGH IN AMRITSAR

AMRITSAR North India - TIME - THE PRESENT

Narinder Singh, you are a Sikh and I believed, an honest man, however, I believe you have been using the power, inherited from Siva, for your own personal ends. You have been using time transference and also you have resurrected the art of Thuggee, again for your own personal ends.

You must be well aware that we have not practised since the British made it difficult, if not impossible for our devotees to worship Kali in our own fashion.

"My lord" answered Narinder Singh, "I shall explain all, I will then await your decision if you still believe that I have used the powers for mine own ends and personal value."

"Proceed" replied the deity. 

"It was quite by chance that I read that one Richard Fanshawe was to visit Singapore on business, and he represents the firm of Harris, Burton and Fanshawe and that with the added virtue that I also was appraised that a Miss Crawford would also visit Singapore at the same time. To understand my interest in these people, My lord, we must go back 1856. My great-grandfather, Jarindar Singh was attached to the British Indian Army who at that time were hunting Masoor Khan who had committed many atrocities not only against the British but also against my people. The Moslem have always hated us. This is the story.

The adjutant of the Jaldee Light cavalry was a Major Basil Fortescue-Harris. He and a young subaltern, 2nd Lieutenant Reginald Crawford, had been out on a foray one day and came across a ruined temple.

Unlike some of their fellow officers, these two were as randy a pair of rakes as you could wish to meet. It was well known that they were poking not only some of the young Indian house maids who knew no better but some of the wives as well. Many of the officers were only interested in Tiger shoots and polo, leaving the Memsahib to fend for themselves.
