 Heading East on Interstate 20 from Dallas, TX can be painful in the evening. The bright sun burned through my rearview mirrors all the way around town. I was glad to finally be headed east, back to the East Coast where I belonged. The sun was now below the horizon, and I had my headlights on. It was totally amazing how little traffic there was tonight. I am glad that I chose to leave a bad relationship in the middle of the week. 

As I cruised along, I thought I saw someone standing in the road. Paying full attention to my headlights, and slowing some, I peered into the darkness. Yes, there is a woman standing at the edge of the road, a medium sized suitcase beside her. My first thought was to speed up, not wanting anything to do with another female. As my senses returned to a more normal state, I slowed my Chevy van down to a crawl and eased off the road next to her. 

I asked her why she was out on the road in the dark, especially a busy high speed Interstate.

"I'm leaving this God-forsaken state, and heading back East, where I feel more at home. I waited until my husband got home from work, and handed him the divorce papers, then climbed into my friend's car. This was as far as she could bring me."

"I see. I'm headed back east as well. I don't mean to be disrespectful, but I'm not a Texan, nor am I a cowboy. I don't belong here either. You're welcome to ride with me as far as you want. I'm starting out in North Carolina, and working my way North, until I find what I want. Then I'm settling down, and enjoying the rest of my life the way I want to."

"North Carolina is where I was headed. I would appreciate the ride, and the chance to talk to someone friendly. My ex-husband thought I was a part of his exercise equipment, always punching me and beating me up. I've had enough of that kind of life. Being free sounds good to me too. Are you sure you don't mind?"

"As I opened the side door of the van and put her suitcase in, I replied, "Don't mind a bit. Don't even want any gas money from you. To be rightfully honest, I almost passed right by, as soon as I saw that you were a woman."

She climbed into the passenger seat, and asked, "Why were you going to pass by and not stop? What made you change your mind?"

"I just didn't think it was right for a woman to be alone out here at night. I saw the suitcase and guessed you were headed east, at least for a ways. I wasn't going to stop because I just left a bad relationship, and my first thought was to steer clear of anything female."

She sat; still and quiet, until I had pulled the van back out onto the road and was well on the way down the road. At first, she appeared nervous, digging in her purse, as if to use those actions as a distraction from some supposed predicament. After almost frantically digging in the bag, she pulled out a cell phone, and punched in some numbers. "Martha; this is Abby-- are you where you can talk freely? Good, I got a ride with a nice older gentleman that is going all the way to the coast. -- Yes, I'm safe. He seems to be quite the gentleman. -- What's that? Be careful of what? Is he going to put me in the hospital like Ralph did so many times? He has nothing to gain by it, and I have nothing to lose. -- Yeah, I know there are weirdos out here, but I'm starting over, remember? I don't have anything to lose right now. -- Yes I'll call you during the day when we can talk. If Ralph asks, you dropped me at the bus station, and I wouldn't tell you where I was going. I told him if I ever left him, I was going to my sister's in Tacoma. She left there a few years ago, but he doesn't know that. OK I'll call tomorrow during the day. Bye."

As she put the phone back into her purse, she relaxed considerably. She slowly and methodically began to straighten out her purse, organizing every pocket, putting things into what seemed to her to be a logical storage place. Satisfied with this chore, she placed the purse on the floor between the seats, and sighed a deep breath of relief.

"So, Abby, what convinced you that I was safe and a gentleman?"

"How did you know my name? Ralph didn't send you out here did he?" she said and sat up stiffly.

"No - I never heard of this Ralph until you were talking to Martha just now. I know your name because you started the conversation saying Martha, this is Abby. So I instantly knew that you were Abby and you have a friend that you trust and who cares a lot for you, named Martha."

Abby leaned back into the seat and breathed a deep sigh. "You scared the ever lovin' bejeebers out of me. Ralph has had his friends follow me everywhere I go, and if he didn't want me there, they would drag me back to him. I couldn't take a piss without asking his permission first."

"Well, you don't have to ask my permission to do anything, and by the way, I really appreciate what you told Martha about me. I never met the guy, but I can see that he made two serious mistakes. One he failed to treat the most beautiful woman I ever laid eyes on properly, and two he let her slip through his fingers. The jerk should have bent heaven and earth to keep you satisfied and happy. That is certainly not the way I treat ladies."

"Do you really think I'm beautiful?"

"You are the kind of exquisitely beautiful woman that I normally dream of just getting a chance to see walking down the street. Add to that, a very pretty face, and a sweet personality and you are the most beautiful woman ever created. There won't be another ever created either. Now, granted, there might have been another that was as beautiful, but not more beautiful."

"Thanks; it's been a long time since somebody said something nice about me."

Abby smiled, and if the truth were known, she was most likely sporting a blush. All I could see in the inky darkness was the outline of her face and figure silhouetted against the slight moonlight. Even as a silhouette, she was pretty to look upon. Not the skinny, teeny wanna-be of too many women, but about five feet five inches, and around a hundred and thirty pounds, I was guessing in my mind. A perfect Venusian body, set off by a smooth jaw line, perfectly shaped nose, and the most perfectly shaped breasts that I have ever seen Abby was more than just beautiful. To me, she was stunning.

The further we got from Dallas, the less traffic there was. There were also fewer places to stop for drinks, or rest, which was something I really needed. As the miles ticked by, I got more and more drowsy, having to make a conscious effort to keep my eyes open and my brain alert. I glanced over at Abby. She had turned slightly in the seat, and had her head against the window, dozing. She was mumbling something inaudible, sounding as if she was trying to whisper some untold secret. As my attention went back to the road, I saw a blessed sight. My headlights were lighting up a highway sign announcing a rest area just one mile ahead.

I slowed down and entered the exit lane for the rest area. I opted to park at the end of the parking area, out of the way of other traffic, since I couldn't park in a regular parking place with a long wheelbase van and a sixteen-foot trailer. As I shut the motor off, Abby raised her head and asked what was wrong. 

"Nothing's wrong. I was starting to get droopy eyed, so I decided to pull over and rest for a while. I don't like to take chances, especially when I have passengers. We do have one little problem, and only you have the answer. My van has only one bed. That chair reclines a little, but not very much. You are welcome to sleep there, or you can lay down on the bed with me. I'm not getting undressed, and I assure you, I only touch a woman when and where she wants to be touched. I intend no hanky-panky. I just got a little more exhausted today than I realized, and I need to get a little sleep before I drive much further, and the next rest area is in Louisiana. Almost three hours away."

"You're right. This isn't a real comfortable bed. I doubt that I'll get much rest here. I'll take you up on the offer of sharing the bed, if it's large enough for two to be comfortable."

"Oh yes. It's almost as wide as a regular double bed, just a little short. It's actually quite comfortable, not too firm. And you're welcome to use my shoulder as a pillow if you want."

"That sounds heavenly. I haven't curled up and put my head on someone's shoulder in what seems like years. Are you sure I'm not a bother?"

"You're no bother at all. Actually, even while you were napping, I was enjoying not being alone. Somehow, just your presence makes me feel good. You have a way of calming people with your presence."

As we made our way toward the back of the van, I locked doors and shut the curtains, explaining that I wasn't trying to lock her in, but wanting to lock unwanted nocturnal visitors out. I pulled the front of the back seat up then out, making the backrest drop, turning it into a compact, but otherwise comfortable bed. I offered to climb in first, so that she wouldn't feel trapped by me. She thanked me, and kicked off her shoes. She sat down on the pile of suitcases, and slowly peeled off her panty-hose, almost appearing to tantalize me. She tossed them over on her shoes, and proclaimed her disgust of them and their tightness. As she turned her torso to toss the hose, I noticed that she wasn't wearing any panties. Her pubic hair was thick and long, and sparkled in the moonlight.

I lay back on the only small pillow, and she slid in next to me, placing her head on my shoulder. Her face was turned down slightly, with her forehead right in line with my lips. Yielding to intense temptation, I gently kissed her forehead and told her goodnight. She looked into my eyes and said goodnight to me. Was I dreaming, or was it wishful thinking? Did she have a slight amorous smile on her face? I became acutely aware of something warm and firm against the side of my rib cage, that wasn't my wishful thinking. Her nipples were becoming erect, and very warm, feeling like they were about to burn a hole in my shirt.

Abby raised her leg, and placed it over mine. As she did, she placed her hand in the middle of my chest. After a few minutes, I noticed that she was gently rubbing my chest in small circles. I glanced down, trying to be as still as possible, and saw a warm, sultry smile on her face. I reached over and brushed her hair back from the side of her face and began gently rubbing her cheek. She let out a low soft moan, and took my hand from her cheek, and placed it on her breast. 

"She looked up into my eyes and said, "You promised no funny stuff, but I love the feel of a man's chest hair, and I am excited to the max. Don't worry about where I don't want to be touched, I want you to touch me everywhere. Just don't be rough or violent. I've had too much of that already."

I shifted slightly, so that I could get closer to her face. I whispered to her that I too hated violence, and that women were to be adored, not beaten. As I finished, I slowly placed my lips on hers, and got the surprise of my life. She pulled me into her, and kissed me like I have never been kissed. She opened her mouth fully, and held me tightly in my arms. 

As we parted lips, she said with a husky tone in her voice, "I saw you watching me slide off my panty-hose. I hoped that you were starting to get interested, so I deliberately turned with my legs spread so that you would see that I wasn't wearing any panties. I don't have a bra on either. Exposing myself was the last straw. I started burning for some sex, and now I can't control it. I haven't had any sex, except for my personal toy, in almost six months. I want you to make love to me."

"I don't make love TO women. I make love with them. I try to get so involved in satisfying them, that I ignore my own orgasm, until it hits. It's so much more satisfying that way. If we ever make love, it's important to me that you fully orgasm. Only then am I fully satisfied. Afterwards, I like to hold a woman close, and cuddle with her, helping her to come down. Women reach orgasm more slowly than men, and take longer to come back down. Most men miss out on a lot of pleasure by not cuddling and holding afterward. To me, that's half of the fun."

Abby started sliding her skirt up past her waist, and said, "You're every woman's dream. I've not had many lovers, and none have ever been really concerned with whether I made it or not. They only cared that I was horny and wanted it. When they got done, it was over, period."

"To me, that reduces a woman to a live masturbation device, like saying come here woman, I need to get my rocks off, and need your tube. No, that's not making love at all. Making love is about sharing yourselves with each other, and caring enough about your partner to make sure you do everything you can to please and satisfy them."

Abby surprised me by grabbing the front of my trousers and tugging the zipper down. She unzipped them so fast, I almost thought she tore them open. Her hand went diving into my pants, and she let out a giggle.

"What? What's so funny?"

"I've seen men's sexy underwear in the stores, but I never saw it on someone. This is neat, how it makes you feel so big and full. Tomorrow, I want you to model them for me in the daylight so I can see them on you."

"I'd love that." I hissed, getting very short on breath, and very anxious to sample this brunette beauty's wares.

I eased down to the end of the bed, and slid my hands under her hips, staring into what had to be the most beautiful set of love lips ever created. Swollen full and dark, they were begging for attention, and that's what I planned on giving them. All of my attention.

"What are you doing?" she asked, as she raised up on her elbows.

"I'm going to kiss your love lips and run my tongue all over them. Then I'm going to gently nibble on your love button and massage it with my tongue, until I feel you orgasm. Then, I'm going to kiss my way up your sweet belly, across your chest and bury my shaft into your waiting love canal."

I buried my face against her love lips and started licking the outer lips slowly at first, then faster and a little more firmly. As she pulsed and bucked gently up and down, I licked and nibbled even more fervently.

"Ohh that feels sooo good, I've never had anyone do that before. You do it so good. You're making me feel like a queen, no better, I don't know, it's so good, don't stop."

I gently parted and massaged her hips as I sped up my tongue-lashing. As soon as I felt her hips tighten a little, and her love button stiffen, I raised up just long enough to say, "Baby, put your hands on the back of my head, and guide me into you. Steer me to where it feels the best, and share an orgasm with me."

As she placed her hands on my head, she said," Do you want me to orgasm?"

"Yes, I intend to give you a couple of orgasms this way, before we join together. It's important to me to feel you completely satisfied." I went back to ministering my affections on her voluptuous love nest, reveling in the feel of her full bush of pubic hair on my face.

Abby started tensing, then pushed her hips up into the air, tight against my face and let out a low moan. "Again, please!" She sputtered, and relaxed her hips. I let my tongue slide down some to the edge of her opening, and sampled the sweet wetness that was starting to curl out from her inner depths.

I went back to her love lips, licking and nibbling like there was no end in sight. She immediately pushed up to meet me, guiding my face directly to her love button. I slid my lips up and down the length of that nice, firm little button, savoring how it felt against my tongue and lips. She let out a louder moan, and bucked up hard enough to almost throw me off the bed.

"Sorry; I've never orgasmed so hard. You are making me feel so good, I don't know how to describe it."

"Don't be sorry. I wanted to share the pleasure with you. I enjoy giving a woman orgasms like that. It's a good start to some great sex. No worry just lay back and enjoy the ride, so to speak. I guarantee you I enjoyed the ride."

With that, I ran my fingers through her pubic hair and told her how much I liked it, long and natural. I then kissed her pubic hair, and kissed my way up her belly, kissing her through her clothes. When I got to her nipples, I noticed that they were standing stiff, almost like toy soldiers, standing at attention hidden in her blouse. As I kissed one, then the other, she whispered for me to nibble on them, please.

I willingly obliged, leaving a large wet circle over each one. As I slid further up, Abby grabbed my shaft and guided it into her love canal. 

I mashed my lips against Abby's with a burning that neither of us could quench. As my cock slid into an eager and waiting pussy, I realized that it was so tight that I had to push rather firmly to slide all of the way in. I had lived with three other women before I finally tried to settle down and got married. None were this tight or this warm and silky smooth.

Abby pulled me tightly against her and wrapped her arms around my back. Her long auburn hair was spread out over the pillow, just fractions of an inch from my nose. I inhaled and enjoyed what smelled like fresh summer flowers. I kissed her neck, reveling in the aroma of her perfume. It smelled like something I had smelled once in a very expensive jewelry and notion shop. The aroma had the effect of heightening my arousal, driving me to a peak of pleasure that I couldn't remember ever feeling. 

She ran her hands down my back just barely being able to reach the top of my hips. She caressed them and cooed softly in my ear about how good she was feeling. I started pumping my cock in and out of her hot pussy, her hips meet my every thrust. Abby was smiling a sultry smile, and now squeezing my hips. Each squeeze heightened my lust for her orgasm, and heightened my desire to feel both of us explode. Quickly, I reached the point of no return. My cock was stiffening, and she was now bucking harder and harder. I yelled out that I couldn't wait any longer, and she begged me to come inside her waiting body. We had the most fantastic orgasm that I had ever felt. 

I collapsed on top of Abby, and then slid over next to her. I pulled her up across me, and asked her to put one of her legs on either side of my right leg. She asked why as she slid into position. I told her that I wanted to feel her soft breasts on my chest and her pubic hair on my leg.

"What if our lovemaking leaks out?"

"I wash. I sort of hope it does. That would be the perfect sign of how much fun we just had."

Abby raised up on one arm and asked me to help her pull her blouse up. As it slid up past her breasts, I was met face to face with the prettiest dark brown nipples that I'd ever seen. They were fully three inches across, and each had a pert hard tit sticking up in the middle. She unbuttoned my shirt and pushed it open. As she lay back down, she wiggled slightly, bouncing her titties on my chest. Their dance caused my cock to raise its purple head and stand up tall. She turned slightly and held my cock in her hand. She rubbed it gently, and told me that it was the first uncircumcised cock that she had ever seen.

"It hasn't always been that way. I wanted to see what an uncircumcised cock looked like, so I researched it on the web, and found several sites that had ways to make the foreskin grow back. It took over a year, but it was better than surgery. Now, I have a much more sensitive cock. I wouldn't have it any other way."

"I think it's cute. And the tip is so soft and moist. It almost feels like satin, it's so smooth. Funny, I didn't notice before, or notice anything different when it was inside of me."

"When it's fully hard, the skin slides back. Try it, if you want. It doesn't hurt. Actually, it feels good, especially when someone else does it. Just grip the top sort of tightly, and slide it back to under the tip. That's it. See, now it's ready for serious business."
