 If you haven't read the first two parts of the story of Elaine and Richard, I encourage you to do so. I apologize to those of you who have and have waited so long for the end of this episode, but I was very busy over the holidays. In fact, I had one or two adventures that might make it to these pages someday. Writing about the second half of Richard's and my time in the small New York City hotel was almost as fun as being there, and you can be certain that I "got off" several times as I wrote. I must say that I became carried away, so this is pretty long. I don't know if you like long stories, but I do. Please let me know what you think of this story. Hugs and sucks, Elaine.

———————————————————

Elaine woke. The light filtering into the hotel room seemed less bright than earlier. Somehow she and Richard had slipped under the covers. She felt her head resting in the crook of his right arm, and her left hand resting on his abdomen. She sensed the gentle rise and fall of his chest, and could hear his heart beating slowly. Closing her eyes, she smiled broadly, sighed and stretched allowing her right leg to slip over Richard's thigh, pushing her mons against his leg.

She felt heat beginning to glow between her legs. Hunching her hips slightly, Elaine rubbed her pussy against Richard adding to the warm glow emanating from her groin. Richard stirred. Turning his head he kissed Elaine on the forehead, while his right armed curved around Elaine, cupping her right breast. He squeezed her breast gently, and massaged it into her ribcage.

Meanwhile, Elaine's hand drifted over Richard's stomach toward his sex. Her fingers threaded their way through his grey public hair to the seam between his scrotum and right leg. Her nails scratched him ever so lightly on his inner thigh. She felt his thick cock stirring against the back of her hand. She smiled.

"What time is it anyway," Richard asked, turning toward the bed table on his side. Elaine heard the rattle of the bracelet of his gold Rolex. "Um, only about four PM," he said, rolling back toward Elaine.

She rubbed her hand over his cock and balls saying, "Plenty of time to play." She smiled feeling his penis begin to stir under her hand.

"But first," Richard said, "I have to pee." He leaned forward kissing Elaine on the top of her head and sliding out from under her. She watched him as he moved off the bed and toward the bathroom. She admired his tight ass and well formed back and shoulders. He shut the door partway, and before long she heard the sound of his piss hitting the water in the toilet. Elaine stretched, and swung her legs out from under the covers, placing her feet on the floor. 

She gazed down her torso, between her breasts with their prominent nipples and dark areoles, over her stomach. She spread her legs some, and ran her fingers through her pubic hair, combing them slightly. Her vagina felt heavy and satisfied, and her vulva was slightly swollen from the pounding she had taken from Richard as he fucked her. She smiled. She heard the toilet flush and then water running in the sink.

She lifted one leg, pointing her toes like a dancer and smoothed the black stocking, pulling it tight up her smooth thigh. She repeated the adjusting her thigh-high stocking on her other leg, and then stood up. Stretching, she caught her image in the mirror above the black dresser, smiling as her lovely breasts rose and fell with her motion above he soft curve of her abdomen, leading down toward her fur covered cleft. She cupped her tits and gave them a gentle squeeze feeling them swell pleasantly. She then stroked her fingers through her auburn hair, fluffing it some. She thought she looked sexy with just her gold hoop earrings on. She shrugged, smiled at herself, and, turning from the mirror she walked into the bathroom. Richard was just drying his hands. 

Elaine stepped briefly behind Richard, and stroked his ass cheeks. "You have nice butt," she said, sitting on the toilet seat, which she noted with approval that Richard had lowered 

"You have a nice everything," he replied, smiling down at her as she shifted on the toilet seat, spreading her legs slightly she released the stress on her bladder and peed. The sound was quieter and more feminine than the flooding sound Richard had made, and it excited him watching the yellow stream as her pee was expelled.

Richard turned toward her, his cock about mouth-high to Elaine. It looped downward only semi-hard in a comma-like curve. She reached and cupped his heavy balls. They felt huge in her hand. They certainly were larger than her husband's. But then, so was Richard's cock. 

Richard's penis began to stir. A man's cock always amazed Elaine; how it moved and flexed under her hands and mouth; how rigid it became, while at the same time remaining spongy at the top and slippery under the outer skin as she stroked them. Elaine licked her lips as she gazed at the darkish, almost purple mushroom head of his penis, and the heavy dark blue vein that squiggled down the top rising from the nest of pubic hair. He had several smaller veins that rose and fell in tiny ropes and knots along the sides. She looked at his pee hole within a crease than ran from the bottom to nearly the top of his cockhead. 

With her other hand she reached for toilet paper, and wiped herself; never taking her eyes from his lengthening organ. Bending, Richard reached for her breasts, cupping each, his thumbs beginning to stroke her rising nipples. She sighed under his touch, feeling his balls flex in her cupped hand. She marveled at the seemingly independent movements of his sex. His cock began to swell and swell, the curve straightening as it did.

Elaine, bending forward just a bit, took him into her mouth, her lips surrounding the head just behind where it flared from his mighty shaft. He tasted so good to her with a slight urine taste with just an undertone of sperm. He grabbed her head above each ear and watched her suck in and out on the head. He could feel her tongue sliding over the enlarging cockhead, then as it probed his hole. It was possibly, he thought, the finest and most erotic scene he had every felt and seen. Elaine, sensing his pleasure, glanced up at him, her green eyes smiling. She fondled his balls as she laved his penis from tip to root. Her nose disappeared beneath his cock when she licked at his scrotum. He marveled at how small her hand looks where it partially wrapped around his throbbing member. Richard couldn't remember any woman exciting him like this. He was of a generation where oral sex wasn't routine, and uninhibited "daylight" sex was not the norm. The truth is, he had only been with his wife sexually for the past 30 years, and his experiences before were confined to furtive struggles with girdles in dim rooms in girls' family rooms or in his car.

He had only pleasure his wife orally a few times before she put a stop to it. He thought she didn't like the sensation of the intense orgasms she experienced. He believed she hated the loss of control she felt at such times. Control was too strong in her nature. 

Likewise, she disliked his loss of control as she sucked him. At times the feeling were so strong in him, he would grip her head and begin a rapid fucking of her mouth until he spurted ropes of sperm into her mouth, at time causing her to choke when some rose into her nose. She felt helpless under his male strength when he abandoned civility and just fucked her face until he satisfied his urge to spew his hot, salty sperm in her mouth.

So, after awhile she put a stop to that, as well. After their daughter, Alyssa, was born, sex for Richard, other than masturbation, fairly dried up altogether until Elaine reached into his trousers in his office the other day.

"Let's go back to the bed," Richard said, cupping one hand under her chin, his other gripping one hand and helping her to her feet. As they walked into the room, Richard holding Elaine's hand as she walked slightly behind him, she thought, What a wonderful specimen. 

Turning, Richard sat on the bed, taking Elaine's hands in his. "You know what I would like?" he asked.

"No, what?" she answered, smiling down at him; his rigid member sticking up between his legs, the heavy balls resting one on each side of his shaft.

"I want to eat you again," he said.

"But, I want to eat you, too!" she replied.

"But," he began.

"Sixty-nine," she interrupted. Sliding onto the bed beside Richard. She scooted on her fanny across the bed, and lazed on her side across the diagonal, while at the same time reaching for his waist. She fluffed a pillow and put it under her head while thinking why she so liked this man.

It was more than that he was her boss and an extremely talented advertising executive. She mused that it must have had more to do with her early sex life than anything else. She often wondered why she cheated so regularly on her husband. Her husband is a fine man and a more-than-adequate lover. But, she thought, she must really be stimulated by the dangerousness of the acts. After all, her husband was a police detective. But, she figured her early life must figure more prominently in this intense desire to suck and funk other men. Because "suck and fuck" was all it was. She loved her husband, but felt compelled to give in to these needs. 

When she was a young girl she had had her first sexual relations one summer at the Jersey Shore where her family vacationed. Her first experience was with a boy a couple of years older than she, and she found the experience wonderful. However, the next day, when she went to his cottage to look for him she met, and was seduced by his father. He was, naturally, a much more experienced lover and gave her much pleasure, more certainly than his son was able to do. While she never stopped having sex with boys her own age, she was always attracted to older men. Whenever possible, she took advantage that her youth represented to middle-aged, or older, men.

"But I've never done it before," Richard said.

"You'll learn," Elaine answered with a low sexy laugh, her eyes hooding slightly as she tugged on his hips. He slipped around, moving his face closer to her thighs. She moved her right leg up, resting her foot on the inside of her thigh, just above her knee, and rotated her hips slightly offering her sex to his gaze. He mimicked her position sliding his hips closer to Elaine's waiting mouth. She slid her fingers lightly along the inside of his left thigh and felt him shiver. She slipped her other hand under his hip, the palm of her left hand cupping his ass, fingers reaching between his ass cheeks. Her index finger just touched his anus, and the others rested along the ridge leading to as balls. He could feel her nails gently stroking him there.

Richard loved the look of her stocking clad legs and the creamy white inner thighs exposed to him. Like Elaine, he slipped an arm under her, his hand slipping between her legs from the rear. With his left hand he stroked her inner thighs before burying his nose in her soft and sparse hair. He could easily see her cleft that was opened slightly and glistened wet and pink. He inhaled her smell, slightly musky, slightly perfumed. He touched his tongue to her mons, picking up on a drop or two of her urine. He was so surprised at the pleasing mixture of sights, smells and taste that he wondered, briefly, about golden showers. He closed his eyes involuntarily as he felt Elaine's fingers grip his cock near the root and suck the large head of his prick into her mouth.

Richard, being taller, was able to place his head on the Elaine's inner thigh as his tongue slipped between her labia. His right hand stroked her side, running his fingers along her ribcage up to her underarm. He lightly touched her there and Elaine was surprised at the spreading feeling from her armpit across her breasts. It felt so strange and soooo good as she took Richard more deeply into her mouth.

Richard's hips began to move back and forth, driving his cock deeper into Elaine's willing mouth. She kept her suction up on his shaft, as he gently pumped. She could still taste herself on his shaft, and smell their combined essence in his pubic hair as he stroked her mouth was exquisite. 

Meanwhile, Elaine's hips, too, began to move as Richard's mouth encompassed her pussy, his tongue, like a snake, sliding into her vagina and up and around her entire vulva. She felt his nose pushing against her anus, which only added to the increasingly localized feelings in her cunt. She touched is asshole, too, while he pumped her mouth, his large, cum-heavy and hairy balls rolling on her forehead. Her hands kneaded his ass, and spread them wide to better push her finger against his pucker.

Without agreement or plan, Richard's hips rotated move and more over Elaine's head, and his head moved more perpendicular to Elaine's sex. Before long his knees were on either side of Elaine's head, and her legs were spread wide to his mouth. She pushed her head backward to better take his long, thick cock into her mouth and throat. Richard grabbed both her ass cheeks and pulled her into his mouth, his tongue sliding up and down her slit and he would suck, from time to time, on her super sensitive clit. Grunting he pushed his tongue into her anus, sliding it about, his chin spreading her cunt lips wide while being covered in her juices. She couldn't believe the pleasure she felt as his chin rubbed roughly over and over her swelling clit. 

She felt that her vulva was swelling in a rising tide of pleasure. He felt so excited by her smell and taste that for the first time he felt a sexual wire of pleasure between his mind and groin. Elaine shifted her hands to his side, feeling the muscles along his ribs flexing as he fucked her mouth. She reached for breath each time he stroked out. She was absorbed with what his mouth was doing that she had become almost a bystander to his rod thrusting in and out of her mouth. Eventually, she moved her mouth away from his probing penis, gasping for breath, his slime-covered cock sliding hot and wet up and down along her neck. She concentrated on the rising tide of her orgasm. 

Suddenly her stomach convulsed, bending her at the waist, her legs flying up alongside Richard's head. Her toes curled painfully and her vision blurred. Her arms flew wide her hands grasping first at the blankets, then quickly wrapping themselves tightly around Richard's hips; her legs clamped shut around his head and she grunted over and over as her spasming cunt sent waves of electric pleasure through out her body. Her lips felt numb. Her vagina felt swollen and her clit felt as large as Richard's cock, and her nipples felt as large and long as erasers, blood engorged.

Richard continued to suck on her clit. "Stop!" she squeaked, "Oh, please Stop," she said over and over until Richard raised his head from between her thighs. He could feel her breathing rapidly in and out beneath him. He smiled in wonderment that he could get such a reaction for a woman. He reveled in her taste and smell. He knew his wife would never, ever let herself go with such a sexual abandon. He could not imagine her tasting and smelling so wonderful. He rolled off Elaine onto his side, his cock still hard. 

He gazed at Elaine, her face, neck and upper chest flushed red, her hair spread over the white pillow and sheets, he black silk stocking-clad legs lying spread, he stomach rising and falling with her breathing, her breasts full and inviting in their rise and fall. Her snatch was wet and shining in the reflection of the overhead lamp. He sighed, contented even though he had not cum.

Abruptly, Elaine, with youthful vigor, moved rapidly to her knees, her arms on either side of Richard and her breasts hanging down like ripe fruit. Her face moved close to his, then she quickly kissed him. First just a peck, then open-mouth, her tongue pushing hotly into his mouth. Her hands moved over his chest, lightly pinching his nipples. He responded with a passion he never knew as his tongue probed her mouth, his lips feeling a tender eroticness he'd never experienced. His hands cupped her soft breasts, her nipples hard against his palms.

Elaine murmured, her lips touching his, "Do you know what I would like?"

"No, what?" he answered smiling.

"I want you to take me doggy." She smiled at him, kissing him lightly on nose, still we with her nectar. "You got enough in you, old man?" she kidded.

"I'll show you what I've got left," he said, reaching down and stroking his rigid pole. "This should still do the trick," he continued, also smiling.

Elaine quickly spun about, getting on her hands and knees, facing the foot of the bed. Richard rearranged himself, and moving between her spread knees, lined his cock up with her cum-slicked hole. He rubbed the spongy head up and down her slit a few times, lubing it and making sure it made contact with her clit. He could feel her jerk each time he did.

Then, without further preamble, he shoved his cock deeply into Elaine's pussy. He was amazed at how tight she was and how slippery. He felt he balls hanging down between them, and her cum dripping down onto them. His balls felt impossibly big to Richard as he began to slip out then into her. His cock seemed to grow as it rubbed over the rippled inside of her vagina, the sensitive ridge of his cockhead vibrating with each stroke up and back. His balls swung heavily between the two of them.

Elaine's eye shut as she gave herself over to the pleasure of Richard's cock. She loved being fucked like a dog. She loved the feeling of male dominance and power. She loved being able to just take it, to take the pleasure of a man's cock. Richard's seemed larger than most, and as he stroked her, his belly smacking against her ass, she felt as if it was enlarging to an impossible size. She felt his hands gripping her hips as he drove over and over into he willing pussy. She felt filled, then unfilled, filled then unfilled with such rapidity that her mind couldn't keep track. So, she gave herself over to the sensations he rose in her. 

She leaned down, the tips of her nipples rubbing back and forth over the sheets as Richard stroked his mighty cock in and out of Elaine. She felt she could distinguish each vein and bump on his penis as he rubbed her insides. Every now and then Richard would pause in his stroking to push his cock deeper into Elaine, her wetness flowing over his balls. With her eyes tightly shut she felt as if her vagina could swallow his cock, his ball—all of him. She began to dwell in a well of pleasure as Richard stroked her.

Richard marveled at the perfect form below him. Her beautiful shoulders and neck leading to the line of her spine splitting her back and leading to the flare of her hips, at once so feminine and so young with two tiny dimples decorating her behind. Each time he shoved his cock into Elaine, her rump rippled. He loved hearing the smacking of their bodies and her girlish grunt each time he slammed home. He watched as his cock, slippery beyond belief and swollen to a never-achieved size, as it slid in and out. 

He reached between their bodies and held his cock on a withdrawal, covering his hand with her slime. He paused in his fucking to rub her natural lubricant over her asshole. He pushed one thumb into her rectum and then began stroking again. He could feel his cock against his thumb each time he pushed in and out, in and out of Elaine. She moaned, her hands gripping the blankets.

One of her hands reached back and gripped the wrist of the hand whose thumb penetrated her anus. "You know what I would like," she asked huskily, her voice slightly muffled by the bedclothes. "I want you to fuck me in the ass." 

Elaine quickly moved on hands and knees to the edge of the bed. Reaching down into her large bag by the bedside she rummaged around until she came up with a tube of lubricant. "Walking" back into position between Richard's legs, she reached around and passed him the tube, "Here," she said, "Use this."
