 Chapter 01: The Beginning

I had been playing this day out in my head for months. Today was the day when you and I would finally meet in person. Hear each others voices, see each others smiles, and listen to each others laughter. How would I act? What would I say? Would I live up to the expectations of your minds eye? All these thoughts raced through my head as the cab pulled up to your door. Too late to turn back, but too nervous to move, I close my eyes, take a deep breath, and open the door. Handing the cabby his fare, I exit the car and begin the short walk to your door. 

It had all begun so innocently. A quick hello on an internet chat line. We grew closer the more we learned of each other. Feelings of friendship blossomed as we realized how much we had in common. After months of chatting we decided to meet. Neither looking for anything other than the opportunity to spend time in each others company as the good friends we had become. Now here I stand, at your door.

Knocking, I stand back and wait. You open the door and for the first time, the feelings of apprehension are gone. You are just what I had envisioned, those gorgeous blue eyes, bright smile, tattered jeans and a muscle shirt. "Hello" you say as you extend your arm out to grab my bags. 

"Hey there, I made it" I say as you show me in the door. "Is there a place I can freshen up before we leave?"

"Up the stairs, to the right" is your reply. I grab my carry bag and head upstairs. Your home, from what I could see, needed a woman's touch. A quick glance confirmed it was an obvious bachelor pad, clean, yet very masculine, the smell of your cologne filling the air. 

I quickly wash up and change clothing for our outing. We decided to go hiking in the woods around your home. Give us a chance to chat as you give me a scenic tour of where you live. I throw on a white tank top and a pair of mid thigh khaki shorts. I fix my socks, and put on my tennis shoes. I quickly throw my hair in a clip to keep it off the neck, watching as a few strands escape the hold, grab my green button down shirt to throw over the tank top if I get cold, and down the stairs I come. I find you reclining back in your lounge chair. You have changed into shorts as well. "Shall we go?" I ask. You nod and meet me at the door.

As we hike we laugh at our silence. We know each other so well, yet there is so much we do not. I look over at you, ready to break the silence, when I slip and fall. Laughing at my stupidity I look up at you to see your concerned look. "I'm OK" I am quick to say. As I try to stand, I realize I am not. My ankle hurts something awful. You bend down to help me up, putting your arms around me. The closeness of you makes me gasp. I close my eyes and breathe you in. Looping my arm over your shoulder, you help me to stand, holding on to me for balance. I lift my other arm to your shoulder to help me balance, but it is no good. We both slip and fall. You land in the leaves and grass, pulling me on top of you. Trying not to let our embarrassment show, we start laughing. I can feel your body shaking with laughter beneath me, your arms around my waist. My chest pressing against yours as you holds on to me. I try to move away, but your hold is strong.

"I have dreamed of holding you like this" You profess blushingly. Unable to find the right words, I lean my head down. Our lips meet in a tentative, tender kiss. Slowly the kiss deepens and intensifies. Your hands wander up and down my back and neck. Your lips taste of mine with a passion I have never before known. 

Rolling to our sides my hands are free to explore your arms and back. I can feel the rippling of your muscles as you caress me with your strong hands. You slowly pull away from me. You look at me with your intense blue eyes and smile. Your fingers running through my loose hair, you take out the clip and allow the rest to cascade down. Burying your fingers in the silky brown locks, you pull me in for another kiss. 

The sounds of nature are broken by the sound of thunder, immediately followed by a downpour of rain. "We need to get to cover" you shout over the noise. Picking me up, you carry me to a nearby bridge and set me in the sand below. My white tank top clings to my body, my hair dripping and messy, my shorts stained from the fall, yet you look at me and I see desire in your eyes. You yourself are a mess, your green muscle shirt off kilter, your jogging shorts clinging to your legs, accentuating every curve, every dimple, every bulge. 

I pull my eyes away blushing as you sit next to me, your back to one of the bridge posts. As I turn back, you capture my lips in another kiss. This time the tentativeness is gone, the fear of rejection has disappeared. The time has come to see just how close we have become.

Kissing you deeply I tug at your shirt, anxious to feel the body beneath it. I pull away long enough to get the shirt over your head. Shifting my body I straddle you and pin you to the post. I can feel your erection as you move beneath me. Your hands are like wildfire over my back. Anxious to get on equal footing you tear my shirt from my body. It drops to the ground in 2 pieces. Your lips leave my mouth and move their way down my neck.

I arch back into your arms as your mouth works its magic over my skin. I reach forward and unsnap my bra, exposing my soft breasts to you. Your hungry mouth darts over my nipple before you envelop it with a hungry suckle. I run my hands over your head, shoulders and arms, moaning in delight as you move to the other breast. Wanting more, you pull me off your lap and lay me on the sand. Careful of my ankle you remove my socks and shoes, as well as your own. You lay nearly on top of me; your body half in the sand, as you begin your assault of kisses once more. Kissing my mouth deeply, passionately and hungrily, you leave me breathless. One hand plays with my hair while the other caresses my breasts and abdomen. Your mouth soon follows, heading slowly south. You unbutton my pants and work to pull them down, leaving me completely naked. "No panties?" you question chuckling as you pull back up to kiss me. 

I have had enough. I quickly roll and pin you to the ground, taking control. I kiss your neck tenderly, nibble at your ears, and then slowly work down your abdomen. I flick your tight nipples with my tongue as my hands work to pull off your shorts, leaving you as exposed as myself, though neither of us cares. Working my way down I mumble "I need to taste you". Quickly I take you in, feeling your penis tense and expand in my mouth. I pull away to lightly lick and kiss and teasingly suck, looking up at you daring you to stop me. You instead grab my head and push me down, guiding my mouth with every thrust. Your hardness only intensifies my desires. I can feel myself getting more and more aroused with every lick and every suck. Your breath becomes shallow, your body more tense. To my surprise and dismay you pull me away. "Not like this, not yet" you gasp.

Rolling me over your mouth burns a trail down my abdomen. You bury your face in my pussy, licking persistently, building me into a renewed frenzy. Just when I think I can take no more, you penetrate me with 2 fingers, making me scream in delight. I grab at your head, trying to pull you away, I claw at your shoulders, digging my nails into your skin, but you are tough. Realizing it is hopeless I let go, climaxing quickly. Bucking and moaning as you keep on. As my shuddering subsides you move up and take me in your arms. Kissing me you pin me beneath you, spreading my legs wider with your knees. You lower yourself and tease me with the head of your penis, lightly stroking me as you kiss me and run your free hand over my body. My body arches in anticipation, my eager hands pulling you close, grabbing, and scratching. I nibble at your ear and whisper "Make love to me". That is all you need to hear.

You start to enter me slowly, giving my body time to adjust. Impatient, I wrap my legs around you and thrust up, burying you deep inside me. We both moan and lay there not moving for a minute. We stare into each others eyes, reveling in the new sensations and the new found understanding of our feelings. Slowly you start to move, your hips grinding into mine, kissing me deeply as the warmth grows. I grab your head with one hand, keeping you locked in a kiss. With the other hand I rub what I can reach of your back. 

In one swift movement you lay on your back, pulling me on top of you. I shudder at the depth you find in me, you try to set a pace, but I take over. I need you, I want you, I will not be denied. Your hands play with my hair, my back, my bottom. Your back arches so you can nibble at my breasts, then kiss my lips. 

I can feel the tension and heat building, as I feel you grow and tense. As lightening flashes we climax together. Our moans join the rolling thunder. You fill me completely as you kiss me and caress me. I slide off of you and lay in your protective embrace under that rickety bridge, our makeshift shelter. 

We lay there for a time, talking, touching, kissing...before throwing our clothes back on, and making our way to your home, your arms around me helping me walk. My torn tank top a sign of the adventure we have shared. Our body prints in the wet sand, a tribute to their passion. And the weekend has only just begun...