 Jennifer loved her new job, she found it exciting and loved the travel. Promoting credit cards was not only easy, but it was really good money too. Another thing that Jennifer loved about her new job was all of the hot guys she worked with. With only one other girl in the business, she had her fill of eye candy every day. 

Jennifer had a type, a very specific type. She was usually attracted to sweaty muscled construction workers, however these guys were hiding some nice rock hard bodies under their suits. She would have never guessed it, had she not had to share hotels with some of them in the past. She had been good though, she had not fallen for the temptation. The last thing she wanted to do was be labeled the office slut, especially when she was on the road for weeks at a time with five guys. 

Most of the time though, Jennifer got her own motel room, but there were those occasions that there was not enough rooms available. One occasion came up in a small town of Indiana that they were passing through on a long trek home from Minneapolis. Everyone was beat and they were all ecstatic to see a hotel sign after so many empty miles. Little did they know, there was a fair in town and there was only one room, with two beds and six people.

Rick was disappointed to have to share a room with all the guys. He seen them all day, every day. At night, he wanted nothing more than to shut his door and not see them again till morning. He would like to share a room with Jennifer however, and this may just be the opportunity he needed to get a little bit of a taste. 

The bed situation posed a problem, though there were two bosses essentially, so naturally the bosses got the beds. However, Rick was feeling gallant and offered his bed to Jennifer. He was not sure why, but the words had already passed his lips.

"Thanks Rick, but I would feel bad to put you on the floor."

"Spent many nights on a floor, would rather me than you."

After a moment, Jennifer shyly looked at him through fallen strands of golden red hair. "You can always sleep in the bed with me, it's a queen and is plenty big enough."

Rick silently thanked God for his good fortune. Though his ascension looked torn, he was dancing a bit inside.

Jennifer was hot, there was no two ways about it. Rick was happy he found himself single at a time like this. Jennifer was one of those girls that acted so prim, proper and professional at work, though she had this look in those hazel eyes. There was a fire he would like to unleash, a passion he knew was inside of her ready to be unleashed. If not, big tits, round ass and a pretty face always did the trick too. Her hair was one of his biggest fascinations though, the long curly strands that fell far below her waist. She had hair you wanted to bury your face into and just breathe. Or wrapped your hands around it a few times to pull her head back as you fuck the shit out of her.

Rick chided himself, he really had to calm the fuck down. His dick was rock hard and he still had several hours before he could feign sleep and the lights would go out. He wondered if she would want him, had he mistaken the look she had given him? The almost virginal look through lowered lids had sent his blood boiling and he really hoped he had not misinterpreted it. 

The men talked and gave Rick a hard time about sharing a bed with Jennifer. She was in taking a shower and as soon as the water turned off, the voices stopped as well. She walked out in a fresh pressed button down shirt that fell to mid-thigh. 

Aware of the looks, she asked them what their problem was.

Bradley spoke up, "Damn Jen, what do you expect walking out of the bathroom looking like that?"

"Well I expected my own room, or I would have brought something more appropriate to wear. I usually don't wear anything." Jennifer walked around the men, ignoring the fact that they were staring at her legs. She hopped into the bed and turned the light off, her back to the other people in the room. 

Every man in the room imagined her naked, though no one said another word. The conversation they would have had, was cut short by one of the others in their midst. 

The men settled down quickly and Jennifer was aware of Rick's body sliding into the bed next to her, careful not to touch her. The lights were off and all that could be heard now in the room, was the occasional murmur or whisper. Jennifer thought of the man next to her, her boss. He never flirted with her like all the other men, though she kind of wished he would. He was more her type than any of the rest. 

Rick stood well over six foot and had a chest almost twice her width. He was just huge and she had always found herself attracted to big men. He was a former marine, so his physique was still chiseled with the exercise that had become second nature. He had seen him one morning coming back to the hotel from a jog. He had nonchalantly pulled his sweaty T-shirt off before he went in to his room and Jennifer was able to see his powerful chest. His bicep muscles rippled and he had the most delicious cuts near his groin and hips, where the basketball shorts were falling lower. 

Ever since that day, Jennifer had looked at her boss a big differently. Every time she seen him, all she could think about was that hot tight body on top of her. She found herself in one of those particular dreams tonight, Rick was pleasuring her. Touching her thighs with his lips, his fingers opening her folds to his breath. 

Jennifer woke up with a start, she felt something, someone touching her hip. She then realized that Rick was next to her, touching every inch of her smaller frame. His larger body was enveloping her from the side, his hand was snaking its way up her thigh. Pausing momentarily at the hem of the shirt, though it had ridden up considerably. He seemed to be waiting for a sign from her, Jennifer pushed her ass back against his hand and body, making her decisions known.

Rick's hand trembled a bit as he delved beneath the fabric standing between him and this sweet smelling woman next to him. He could not help but gasp when he felt only flesh underneath, no panties in sight.

"You came to bed with your boss, with no panties on?"

Whispering back, she backed into his hand again. "I never wear panties. Do you always grope your employees in the middle of the night?"

"Never had an employee that looked like you before." He growled when his finger finally found her womanhood and the wetness and heat it held. 

"Fuck you are wet." Rick whispered the words in her ear, making her shiver in anticipation, she could feel his hard rod sticking her in her back. His ardor was undeniable and his hand was opening her folds to delve in to her scorching center. 

"And so fucking tight."

He pushed a thick finger inside of her and was rewarded with a whimper. He started to slowly piston his index finger in and out of her tight hole, trying to loosen her up a bit. Sliding his arm around her, folding her closer to him, his other hand was free to fondle and pinch her nipples. The combined pleasure had her mewling softly and her body shaking. He added another finger after a few minutes and he could feel her body shaking so much she was almost vibrating. Then with a rearing of her hips and a strangled cry, Rick felt wetness splash against his hand and thighs. A fucking squirter to boot!

Rick pulled his boxer shorts down, unleashing his dick from their painful constraint. His other hand was still manipulating her large globe, rolling the nipple in between his fingers. Her moaning was getting louder and he started to realize that she was going to be one of those loud fucks you wished you had a bit of privacy to truly enjoy. His other hand pulled her ass towards him, pulling her dripping wet hole closer and higher. Preparing to impale her, he positions his cock at her core. Pushing in slowly, he quickly hears "Oh Fuck" and her hand flies to her pussy, trying to pull out whatever it was going in her. 

Rick's hand on her breast flew to her mouth to quiet her, while his other hand pulled her hand to her clit.

"Rub her, it will make it easier to take me. You will get used to him, I will give you time to adjust."

Jennifer involuntarily squeezed the head of his cock like a vice. 

"Fuck, don't do that or I am going to lose control." Rick was now gritting his teeth, trying to push his way through her tight glove. 

Jennifer was being ripped apart, she tried to pull away from his cock. That couldn't really be his dick, could it? She hadn't seen it or even got to touch it, but she knew that it was. She could feel the smooth texture of the head trying to enter her, she was afraid that he really was going to rip her apart. 

She felt herself being stretched in width more than she ever had been in her life, he felt like he was as thick as soda can. He kept pressing into her, her scream muffled by his thick hand over her mouth. Unable to help herself, she continued to milk the tip of his dick. She couldn't help the spasm as she came again, her wetness flowing over his entering member. He was not even a third of the way in and she had already came again.

The new rush of fluid and her muffled scream was his undoing. Maybe it was the constant milking of his strangled cock head, but he could not hold back anymore. He slammed into her the rest of the way the position would allow, not quite all the way, but enough for satisfaction. He pulled out almost completely, taking a bit of her insides out with him. He pushed back into her again, trying to bottom out, but unable to. Lifting her leg a bit, he was able to go deeper. Pounding into her, he sawed in and out quickly. Her whimpers were becoming higher pitched and he knew she was cumming again. He pulled out all the way for a moment, letting her squirt her orgasm onto him, turning him on even further.

Pushing back into her, he quickly bottomed out. Pistoning in and out of her, he quicken his pace as he felt his desire coming to a head. Her extra juices made the sound of his groin slapping against her ass amplify, her pussy was also squishing loudly with each stroke. Rick came hard inside of her, deep inside of her. He pushed so hard, he felt like he had reached a part of her soul. 

Moments after his heat started to flood inside of her and his dick pulsed, Jennifer came one last time. Though this orgasm was different, especially with his huge dick stretching every inch of her. She felt like she was going to explode with all the cum inside of her and nowhere for it to go. She pushed against him, relieved when a long stream of ooze slid out of her, more relief when his softening dick followed. Jennifer then passed out, with ecstasy and exhaustion.

Jennifer awoke to the sun beaming in through the slit in the curtain, she realized immediately that she was naked. When she tightened the blanket around her, she noticed the soft fur was not the same texture she had went to bed in. Looking down, she was wrapped in a beautiful fur blanket. There was some noise coming from the bathroom, but, there was no one else in sight. She was not sure who it was in there, but she was really hoping it was Rick.

The night before flooded back in such detail it made her flush and turn a crimson pink. She had forgotten in the moment that they were not alone last night, she was overwhelmed which does not happen very often. What in the world was she going to do now? She could never live this down. When the owner Chuck found out, she was most assuredly done for. Even so, she couldn't help thinking that it was totally worth it. She had plenty saved up by now, she really didn't need a job...

"Finally up huh? Was wondering how long you were going to sleep."

Jennifer turned towards his voice and smiled a bit shyly at him. He was dressed in some khacki slacks and a white button down shirt, still tucked in. The color made his tan pop and she had to admit, he was quite handsome, especially with that easy smile. 

After a few moments she looked away, unable to hold his hungry gaze. The bags of the other men were gone and she asked Rick where they were.

"Well after last night, I thought we could use some privacy. So when a room opened up this morning, I told them to piss off."

Jennifer smiled sheepishly. "I am sure they were happy to, they must have gotten an earful. I will never be able to face them down again."

"Why. They all probably wacked off to your noises last night. That shit was hot."

Jennifer was mortified. Even though she had tried so hard to resist, one moment of weakness ruined it all. She touched her pussy lip slightly, feeling the soreness. A slight furrow crossed her brow with the pain.

"Did I hurt you? I didn't mean to, you were just so fucking tight I went a bit crazy."

Rick walked towards her, sitting down beside her on the bed, inadvertently tugging her sheet down to her waist. He could not help but take the nearest globe in to his mouth, nipping gently on the hardened nipple. He heard her gasp and watched her eyes close to the pleasure. 

Climbing over her, Rick nudged her down on to her back. She did not put up much of a fight and was already breathing heavier. Straddling her body he pulled the sheet the rest of the way off of her. Stopping to digest every inch of her body with his eyes, he then kissed her fully on her mouth. Their first real kiss.

Their tongues danced together in each other's mouths, Rick's hand was running slowly up and down her side, brushing ever so softly over her breast. He clothed chest crushing her under his weight, pinning her where she could not move, even if she wanted to. 

His tongue started to move with his hands slowly trailing down her body. Leaving goose bumps in its wake. He spent considerable time on her breast, giving neither one more attention. He could feel his blood rushing to his member, but he knew he had to make her ready this time. Especially since she would be so sore from last night's pounding. 

Moving lower down her body, stopping at her navel, making circles wider and wider will he was inches from her mound. Her hips were rising up unconsciously, bidding him to venture where she wanted to feel his tongue the most. Needed his tongue the most. Rick chuckled a bit, drawing out the anticipation. 

He had now moved and was laying between her legs. He pulled a pillow from his side and after lifting up her hips, scooted the pillow right underneath her hips and buttocks. Opening her legs wide as if ready for a feast, he gently opened up her slightly red flower. He could tell the lips were tender from his abuse, so he started licking her ever so softly.

The feel of his tongue on her heated insides sent an electric shock through Jennifer's body. Unable to stop herself, she found her hands curled in his hair, pushing him down hard. She was quickly riding his face from below, urging him to finish her. She was so close, but unable to go over the cusp. Desperate for something, she kept murmuring please, unsure of what it was she actually sought. 

Rick heard her pleas and shoved his thick finger inside of her as he continued to suck on her small nub. Crying out, she came. In his mouth, on his face and halfway up one arm. It was more than she could take and she screamed with the violent release. He did not stop licking her, though he did give her a moment to finish squirting, before he bent back down in between her legs. 

Embarrassed and even more sensitive than before, Jennifer begged him to stop. She pushed against his large body, but to no avail. He made her come several more times with his mouth and fingers, before he was satisfied. Sitting up and wiping his face, he looked to see Jennifer's eyes closed and her chest rapidly rising and falling. 

Rick shirked his clothes off quickly, kneeling to remove the pillow. Jennifer's eyes open wide when she seen his penis rock hard in front of her. Grasping it firmly in her hand, she stroked it several times to his pleasure. He too was quite sensitive from last night and all he wanted to do was be back where he was, inside of her hot cavern. 

"It's huge, I can't believe that was inside of me last night." Not knowing what else to say, Jennifer silently stroked his large member with small hands, barely able to wrap her fingers all the way around it.

"It is about to be inside of you again."

Jennifer released his cock as she watched him move between her legs. His appendage seemed grotesquely large against her small frame. It looked as though it was long enough to skewer her, wide enough to split her in two. Though she knew she could take it, she had a moment of real fear as she watched him shove him member into her body slowly. They both watched in amazement as inch after inch disappeared into her. She couldn't help but squeeze him every few seconds, the action pulling him in deeper.