 

The girls visit their doctor



Amber married a silver fox, a handsome and generous business man. Her husband's new personal assistant discovered Richard liked young and beautify women around him. Brianna also found there was more than a new job to get excited about. An unusual arrangement led to Amber seeing Brianna's doctor in the first of their three stories. Brianna's second story shared her dilemma with Doctor Love about Richard and Amber. Is there more to share?

'In my dreams,' I would have laughed if someone told me what was going to happen these last few months.

I gazed out the window of the limo as it turned into Park Crescent and the driver made his way to the Practice. Things have been wild, even by my standards. My blatant sexuality and lack of fear for taboo naughty pleasures has often been my undoing. But this felt something different. More was at stake and I wanted it to work for the three of us.

'What are you thinking about?' Amber breathed, an alluring sexy purr that doesn't just excite men.

I turned to meet her childlike gaze and gorgeous smile. 'How lucky I am to have met you and Richard.'

'Oh Bree, aren't you a sweetie?' She softly laughed, a playful teasing expression on her face.

I love it when Amber shortens Brianna it to Bree. It feels more . . . personal, affectionate and intimate. We've become good friends but temptation has ruined close friendships before.

Amber's only a few years older but we're very different women. She's a model, your stereotypical bubbly long-haired blonde with full and firm breasts, a slender waist and an ass that dreams are made of. I was born here and raised in a strict Indian family. I'm 26 with an equally attractive figure but more petite and blessed with a flawless exotic tinted body. I soon realised Richard likes young and beautiful women around him.

A straight and curious married woman was something new for me. 'What about you Amber? What are your thoughts?' Wanting to know how she was feeling.

'I'm looking forward to seeing the Doc and some more sexual therapy. He'll be surprised when we both turn up,' she giggled, rolling her eyes.

I softly smiled at Amber's innocent enthusiasm. 'Yes, me to,' I simply replied.

Richard and Amber met after he lost his wife through illness in her mid-50s. She did some modelling work for his company. They've been married for 12 months and what attracted Richard's interest was obvious. Amber's beautiful with an adorable innocent charm an excitable personality. Just gorgeous and sexy are words that come to my mind.

I jumped at the chance to leave my boring receptionist job to be Richard's personal assistant. I couldn't believe my luck. I didn't have an idea what the job involved. Richard obviously knew what he liked. He's a director of a large property management business and attractive for an older man. It didn't take long to discover there was more to being Richard's personal assistant that wasn't in the job description. It just adds to the excitement.

We've all become quite close and they're an interesting couple, a little unusual really. That's probably why I get on with them so well. I'm certainly a free spirit with a sense of adventure and a bit excitable and impulsive, particularly with relationships and sex. It's an enjoyable combination and there's hardly a dull moment. Richard calls Amber his A girl and I'm his B girl. Amber thinks it's cute. I wasn't that naive.

Richard and I travel for work, lately spending a week interstate each month and I've been helping him with a business take-over. There wasn't any need to book separate rooms. I was surprised Amber was happy with the arrangement. Remarkably, her only concern was that she was missing sex while we were away. I certainly appreciated how she would have felt.

The Practice is a private medical centre I attended after being dumped by partner a few months ago. He left after I slept with another woman. Doctor Love's counselling helped. One thing led to another and we had sexual therapy. Call it what you like but I know when I've had a good fucking. The charming Doctor Love seemed the perfect answer for Amber.

I mentioned the Practice to Richard. It was an unusual situation really, Richard asking me to make appointments for Amber to see my therapist while I . . . well, kept her husband satisfied. I wasn't surprised Amber's first appointment went so well.

The limo pulled up outside the beautifully renovated double story terrace house. 'We're lucky. A spot just outside the dolly house,' Amber chuckled excitedly.

The Practice is one of the many similar buildings that stood shoulder-to-shoulder with most converted to professional suites. I can see why Amber thought of them as doll's houses. The area is known for its million-dollar views of the large park opposite and historic buildings rather than establishments providing intimate services. It's exclusive and expensive, catering to discerning women they call Guests. Richard's paying. He's a generous man.

I opened the wrought-iron gate and squeezed Amber's hand reassuringly. 'Nervous?' I whispered.

'A little. What about you?' She smiled as we approached the large stained-glass door.

'No. Everything will be wonderful,' I answered, not entirely honest.

I hadn't mention Amber was joining me, although I had joked about it to Doctor Love last visit. The interstate trips wouldn't be needed much longer. I was concerned at where our unusual relationship was going. I certainly didn't want to cause any problems with their marriage or put my amazing job at risk. But I was hoping for something much more.

During last week's visit I raised progressing our relationship with Doctor Love. Amber and Richard were obviously open-minded about sex. We thought a threesome looked a realistic possibility. I wasn't really sure about the best way to go about it, with none of us being in this situation before. Amber's just so adorably innocent. A childlike quality in a gorgeous body I desperately wanted to share with Richard.

I raised a threesome with Richard first. He never hesitated. I was confident he wouldn't, lucky guy. Amber was more cautious and a little circumspect. I suggested we both attend my next appointment. The temptation of Doctor Love's sexual therapy soon encouraged a little bi-curious courage. I was also looking forward to Amber and I discussing a threesome with Doctor Love.

Amber pressed the doorbell and we briefly gazed at the brass sign as we stood on the decoratively tiled veranda that simply read 'Doctor Love's Practice' and the address. The distinctive sound of Maddisyn's high-heels soon echoed in the entry hall.

'I can't wait to see Maddi's face,' Amber grinned excitedly like a mischievous schoolgirl.

I felt a little more relaxed seeing Maddisyn's welcoming smile. 'Hello ladies. It's nice to see you both.'

Her lack of reaction to seeing us together amused me. 'You're not surprised?' I quizzed, an eyebrow curiously raised.

'The Practice is full of surprises. That's why I like working here so much,' Maddisyn's sweet smile turning a shade knowing.

'I've heard some surprising stories about you Maddi,' Amber excitedly laughed, her face beaming as if she was visiting an ice-cream store.

'Amber, behave! You're embarrassing Maddisyn,' I playfully admonished but inwardly felt a little uncomfortable myself.

Maddisyn's featured in many of my dreams and fantasies. I only discovered during my last visit that she was gay. Can you imagine my reaction when Doctor Love suggested Maddisyn join us for therapy? I was concerned I'd never had a threesome before. It seems so silly now. The sexual therapy with Maddisyn and Doctor Love soon putting that concern to bed, the images causing a trickle of arousal. Amber and I share all our Practice stories.

We made our way into the Sitting Room. It's a lavish room where Guests usually relaxed before their session with Doctor Love. The period furniture and furnishings are beautiful. I love the cosy feeling with pastel colours and decoratively papered walls with lovely paintings. The Guest Lounge off the room is so convenient for freshening up before the session.

'Champagne?' Maddisyn offered as we sat on one of the two couches in front of the white marble fireplace.

Maddisyn manages the Practice and knows all her Guests well. 'Ooooh champagne! Yes pleasssse. The bubbles tickle my nose,' Amber's adorable child-like giggle making my pussy throb.

Maddisyn went to the kitchenette behind her desk at the other end of the room. I smiled noticing the sway of her hip in a mid-thigh skirt that caught my eye last visit. She's about the same age as me and pretty with an attractive and toned body, not your glamorous model like Amber but hardly your girl next door type either. Maddisyn soon returned carrying a silver tray.

Maddisyn pressed her hand to her open blouse and placed the tray on the coffee table in front of us. 'I thought you might like some strawberries and brie with the champagne,' her knowing smile reminding me of the glimpse of her cleavage that got me excited last time.

Amber excitedly interrupted my dreamy thoughts. 'Ooooh, wonderful! Only special Guests get champagne. Don't you just love being special, Bree?'

'Yes, and it looks lovely,' I smiled, starting to relaxed and enjoying the ambience of the room.

Maddisyn left use to enjoy our champagne. My thoughts drifted to my last session with Doctor Love. We felt a threesome was a possibility. The counselling gave me the confidence to raise it with Richard and Amber. I was hopeful today's session would also help and who knows what the sexual therapy may lead to.

'Another glass, Amber?' I smiled with the thought of lubricating any lingering inhibitions.

'Yes please. I loooove being special,' she giggled, selecting a strawberry. I unconsciously moistened my lips as I watched her seductively sucking it into her mouth.

Doctor Love is so much like Richard, just a couple of years older. It's not surprising we both find them attractive. They're both charming and real gentlemen with immaculate dress and grooming. Even their light mat of grey chest hairs and short greying hair gave them a sexy distinguished look. There was just something exciting about a silver fox.

My nipples hardened and my pussy moistened in anticipation of today's session. 'What do you like the most about Doctor Love?' I asked Amber.

'Being treated. His sexual therapy's just the best,' she rolled her eyes and continued sucking on another strawberry.

I smiled to myself recalling how during Amber's first session with Doctor Love she gullibly assumed all sex therapist provided sex. She thought 'treated' was their non-offensive term for being fucked. The images of Amber's treatment that she excitedly described entertained my mind as I gazed at her over the rim of my glass.

I drew a slow composing breath. 'I love his warm dreamy eyes and gorgeous smile,' I finally offered, replicating Amber's eye roll and making her giggle.

Doctor Love is definitely good-looking but I also felt comfortable being with him and found it easy discussing things. Oh . . . and Amber's right, the sexual therapy is sensational. Having sex with my therapist is the naughtiest thing I've ever done. I know it's illicit and inappropriate for so many reasons but it just made it even more exciting.

We finished our champagne and caught Maddisyn's attention. 'Thank you Maddisyn. We're going to use the Guest Lounge,' I smiled.

'Then we're going to surprise the Doc,' Amber added with bright-eyed enthusiasm.

The lounge is off the Sitting Room and convenient for getting ready to see Doctor Love. The white antique dressing table has a large ornate mirror for grooming and makeup. Guests could indulge in a spar bath or have one of Maddisyn's lovely massages.

We used a lovely selection of cosmetics to touch up our makeup. 'Desire Cosmetics. They're my faaaavourite brand. Don't you just love the Practice, Bree?'

'It's wonderful,' smiling at her reflected sparking eyes and excited grin.

'Maddi said I can have a spa bath, Amber giggled. Have you had one?'

I turned and briefly gazed at the gorgeous spa set in a wrap-around window with a private garden view. 'No never but it looks so lovely. Maybe we could have one together sometime?' I ventured.

Amber cast me a look of thoughtful curiosity. 'Only if you wash my back for me,' she grinned at my reflection, teasing my pussy as the images came to mind.

I admired how Amber and I looked in the mirror as we did our makeup, a smile forming on my face at the thought of Doctor Love's reaction when we see him. I glided my hand over my figure-hugging white blouse and lovely loose-fitting mid-thigh dress with an enticing amount of swish at the hem. My long-toned legs with a rich brown complexion, slender waist and tight backside were definitely my best features.

Undoing another button of my blouse displayed a little more cleavage and a hint of a lacy black bra. 'Bree, you are a tease,' Amber smiled at my reflection.

'Well, you know how excited Doctor Love gets seeing a bit of tits?' I smiled back.

'He likes my boobies?' Amber giggled as she cupped her hands under them.

I smiled at her exaggerated gesture. 'I can see why,' I softly laughed causing Amber to roll her eyes in reply.

Amber's the more stylish dresser, wearing the latest designer fashions. She looked stunning in a very short white dress that clung to her soft and tone body like a second skin, displaying an enticing amount of cleavage and the perfect outline of her breasts. Her legs looked gorgeous in red heels. Red really works well with Amber's fair complexion and blonde hair, providing a hint of a sexually aggressive women.

Amber finished applying he favourite glossy red lipstick and caught my attention. 'Bree sweetie, I've been thinking. How are we both going to have sexual therapy after we talk with the Doc? I mean, who's going first?'

I meet her gaze and stared into her wide and bright innocent eyes. 'I hadn't thought about that,' I lied.

Amber's pretty face narrowed thoughtfully. 'It is your appointment.'

'But you're the A Girl,' I added, smiling at her unselfishness.

'I don't mind waiting, really I don't Bree,' she answered.

I feigned being lost in thought for a moment. 'I know, why don't we get treated together? Maddisyn and I had fun with Doctor Love last time,' a coy smile on my face.

'It would save waiting around . . ., she replied leaving the sentence hanging and then adding, . . . and it did sound like you had fun.'

I was encouraged by Amber's strengthening bi-curiosity. 'I'm sure the Doc won't mind,' I grinned while rolling my eyes, Amber style.

'Boy, the Doc will be surprised,' she giggled.

We left by the passage door and made our way to the suite, our high heels echoing on the polished floorboards and the hem of my skirt flicking the cheeks of my backside. I glanced at Amber and her nipples were like hard beacons, begging to be noticed. I felt my own nipples tighten and anticipation surged through me at what was unfolding. My pulse was racing as we approached the suite, a mixture of nerves, excitement and arousal.

Doctor Love was working at his desk. 'Surprissssse!' Amber announced smiling excitedly.

He started to stand and turned to meet our gaze. 'Hello Bria . . . I mean ladies,' he simply answered, seemingly lost for words.

I watched as his lips curl into a gorgeous smile. 'I mentioned I might bring Amber,' I smiled back mischievously.

'And here I am Doc,' Amber posed grinning.

His eyes seemed to enjoyed roaming our bodies, as if appraising what was on offer. 'Well, aren't you going to invite us to sit down,' I teased.

'Forgive me. Please let's all sit. I'm pleased to see you and you both look lovely,' gesturing towards the two luxurious couches in front of the fireplace.

I briefly glanced back at Doctor Love and saw him admiring our sexy walk that normally accompanies high-heels, long slender legs and a short dress. We both sat opposite Doctor Love, legs crossed and resisting the urge to pull our ridiculously short dresses down. Modesty wasn't something you brought to the Practice.

'It's actually good being able to talk to you both,' Doctor Love begun, remarkably composed with all the skin and lace we were flashing at him.

'And don't forget the treatment Doctor Love,' Amber added, smiling and waving a raised finger at him teasingly.

I watched as a smile slowly formed on his lips. 'Of course. Have you both spoken about pursuing your relationship further?' He delicately commenced.

I turned towards Amber and paused for a moment, taking in her sparkling blue eyes. 'Richard's keen and Amber's slowly warming to the idea,' I smiled, tinted with some desire.

'I'm here to find out about being a biosexualist,' Amber grinned at Doctor Love.

Doctor Love softly laughed, almost to himself. 'I think you mean bisexual.'

'Oh, aren't I silly?' Amber chuckled.

'Bisexual is when you like men and women,' Doctor Love started to explained.

Amber suddenly raised both hands to her face in shock. 'Oh, but Doctor Love! She gasped. Maybe I'm already one of those bisexual things. I like Richard and Bree.'

'Oh Amber, I like you and Richard as well. But I also like having sex with men and women,' I smiled at her innocence.

'That's right, Doctor Love added. It's more than liking someone. Women can be sexually aroused by attractive women as well as attractive men.'

'Oh, silly me,' Amber sensually breathed.

'Some straight women can be sexually curious or even aroused when happily in a sexual relationship with a man. How do you feel sexually about Brianna?' Doctor Love asked.

I held my breath, waiting for an answer. 'I get horny thinking about Bree and Richard having sex,' Amber purred, turning to hold my gaze for a moment.

We both smiled at each other and returned our expectant gaze to Doctor Love. 'So, you're comfortable about being sexually aroused about Bree and Richard and curious about how they're making love?'

Amber paused thoughtfully. 'Gee Doc, I guess so. Knowing Richard, it's probably wild,' rolling her eyes.

'I often think of you Amber when I'm intimate with Richard,' I smiled, keeping what was actually entertaining my mind to myself.

'Oh Bree, you are a sweetie,' she replied.

Doctor Love continued to explain that some therapist believed that straight women are all basically bisexual with different levels of curiosity about sex with another woman. Many women feel a physical and emotional bond and feel safe with another women's femininity. This can cause sexual stirrings even when happily in a sexual relationship with a man. A strong sexual curiosity often leads to experimentation for some women.

'Experiments like scientists?' Bree excitedly laughed.

I ceased the opportunity. 'Bree was wondering how we could manage our sexual therapy with us both here, weren't you Bree?' I prompted.

'You can treat us together if you like,' Amber suggested with innocent anticipation.

'Amber thought it would save time and be some fun, a little experimentation,' I added grinning knowingly at Doctor Love.

'Yeah, you up for some experimenting Doc?' Amber smiled enthusiastically.

A combined thrill of arousal and relief filled me with the look in his eyes. 'Sounds like a wonderful idea Amber. Why don't you girls use the ensuite to get ready and I'll join you,' he suggested.

You couldn't wipe the smile from my face as Amber and I left. The adjoining bedroom is where Guests enjoyed sexual therapy and the ensuite is so convenient. The decor is as true to the period style as the rest of the building. The king-sized bed with a luxurious bedspread is just perfect. The ensuite has a roll-top bath with claw feet and antique brass fittings, a double shower and a lovely antique white dressing table. The rooms were obviously designed for the pleasure and entertainment of Guests.
