 Finally it was over, it was Sandra's last day at her current job. All she wanted to do was go home and relax for a few days before she started her new job. She was so happy she wouldn't have a long commute anymore. This would be her last ride on BART for a long time. 'I'm not going to miss this' she thought, as she got on the Richmond bound train, already getting crowded, and stuffy with the heat from all those sweaty bodies. As she sat down her mind drifted back to that morning. She knew it would be her last ride, and her last time seeing him. He, being the sexiest, most gorgeous man she had ever seen. He looked Middle Eastern to her. He had perfect caramel, brown skin that she wanted to lick. His eyes were dark and sexy, and his hair fell in short, dark curls, just a little bit long around his ears.

Most mornings she fantasized about him, but nothing too outrageous. That morning, however, she was really feeling it. She let her mind go crazy with thoughts of this man. It had been too long for her. Too long since she had felt strong, masculine hands on her breasts, squeezing them, pinching her nipples. Too long since she had felt hot breath on her inner thigh and a warm, wet tongue on her clit. Something about this guy just drove her wild. She had never wanted it from anybody so badly. She had never wanted to taste someone as much as she wanted to taste this man. His skin, his cock, his cum, she wanted to taste it all. She imagined being fucked by him and that morning she discreetly brought herself off on the train. 

Thinking about that now was getting her hot and horny all over again. Just a few more stops, she thought. Then she would almost be home. She was so horny she was contemplating masturbating in her car. She was so into her little world she didn't pay much attention when someone sat next to her. Then her nose picked up a wonderful masculine scent. She turned and to her shock it was him, sitting right next to her! She never saw him on the train at night. She looked straight ahead, taking a deep breath. Sandra was no dummy, an opportunity like this doesn't just fall into your lap everyday. 'good thing I dressed nice today' she thought. Her top was low cut showing off her ample cleavage and she thanked her lucky stars that she had worn panties worthy of being seen by another human. 'It's now or never' she thought as she turned to him, putting her hand on his thigh.

"Hi" she said, looking right into his beautiful, brown eyes. Startled slightly by her touch he just looked at her for a moment.

"Um, hi" he looked down to her hand resting on his thigh. She continued to look at his face. Following his eyes, she moved her hand back and forth a little.

"You're really sexy"

" Uh, thank you" he said, still not looking up at her. She moved her hand closer to his crotch, not believing what she was doing. 

"I see you every morning and I wonder what it would be like to kiss those juicy lips" she moved her other hand to his face, caressing the line of his jaw down to his chin and lifting his face until their eyes met. His breathing was getting heavy, she could see his chest rising and falling hard with each breath. She had never done anything remotely close to this before. She leaned into him until their lips almost touched.

"I've wondered what it would be like to feel you fucking me." She didn't need to close the gap between them, as soon as it left her lips he was on her. His mouth was hot and hungry, he tasted spicy. 

His tongue found it's way into her mouth, gently probing, then thrusting hard, fighting with her own tongue. Now she was openly fondling him, her hand rubbing the growing bulge in his pants. His hands wandered to her chest, cupping her breast, gently squeezing the fleshy mounds. Her mind was racing, trying to process the pleasure she was experiencing, every time he touched her it felt electric. He was hot beneath her hands, as she ran them over his chest and up to his face holding him, she liked the contrast of her pale hands on his brown skin. She looked at him searching his face, they were both breathing hard. Suddenly she remember where they were, on the train, what stop were they at? Questions flew through her mind, was her place clean, what if she went back to his place? She looked out the window, they were approaching El Cerrito Del Norte. That was her stop, they had passed El Cerrito Plaza, where he normally boarded the train. 

"You want to go to my place?" she panted, "it's not too far from the station." He only nodded in reply, she was surprised by his passiveness. More so she was surprised by her own hunger and aggression. They sat silently, waiting for the train to arrive at the station, only their hands were touching, they both stared straight ahead. The train finally came to a stop, they jumped out of their seats, and practically ran off of the train. Holding her hand, he led her through the station, when they got outside she pointed him in the direction of her car. Her heart was racing, finally she was going to have this man, and from what she had gotten so far, she knew it was going to live up to her fantasies. They finally reached her car, but instead of letting her go, he pushed her up against the door, once more possessing her mouth in a deep, deep kiss, his hands under her top, heating her skin everywhere they touched. She could feel his erection as he ground his hips against her, she couldn't take it any longer. Sandra dropped down until she was eye level with his belt buckle and quickly freed his massive hard on. 

This guy had a beautiful cock, as she guessed, and hoped he would. The parking lot was dark and there were not many people around, but Sandra wasn't thinking of these things. She started sucking his cock, taking it all down until her nose was in his bush, she had never tasted cock so sweet. Hungrily she sucked and slurped his cock, swirling her tongue around the head and sucking it down. She tugged his nut sac with her free hand, squeezing his furry balls. She could feel his balls start to tighten, his cock pulsating in her mouth. He was breathing hard, as he started thrusting his hips, his hands fisted in her hair. She felt his body tense, he was so close to cumming. She started stroking his shaft with her hand, sucking only the head of his cock into her mouth. He moaned and jerked as she felt the first spurt of his hot cum on her tongue. She continued sucking him as stream after steam of cum shot from his thick cock. Sandra made sure to swallow it all, he tasted so good. She licked his cock clean and hastily stuffed it back in his pants. They got in her car and made the short drive to her house. Tasting him and seeing his fat cock had taken the edge off, now she could savor this experience with this gorgeous stranger. She didn't feel the same urgency she had felt in the parking lot, hopefully he felt the same so they could take their time with each other's bodies. She definitely wanted to take her time with his, this time. She took him straight to her bedroom and they both started to undress.

"Slow down," he told her, "I want to watch you." he sat on her bed and continued undressing himself while he watched her as she slowly undressed in front of him. Once she was naked he motioned her to come forward. Slowly, because that was all she could manage at the time, she stepped forward. When she was in reach of him he took her by the hands and pulled her in between his legs. She looked down at him, his cock just as beautiful hanging there soft. His hands were on her waist, he pulled her closer until he could take her nipple into his hot mouth. She leaned into him, her hands on his shoulders as he licked and sucked both nipples until they were hard little nubs. His fingers felt so hot on her skin, as they kneaded the flesh beneath them. He cupped her breast as he licked them, his hands dark against her pale skin. She was already so wet, but felt herself gush as he kissed the valley between her breast and continued lower, kissing her stomach before burying his face in her bush. 

He inhaled deeply, taking in her scent, before laying back and scooting up on the bed. Once again he motioned for her. "Straddle me, up here" he said patting his shoulders. Silently and with out objection she did as told, straddling him high on his chest, putting her pussy inches from his face. She leaned forward bracing herself on the wall behind the bed, as he dove into her. His tongue found her clit right away, licking the hard bud. It felt amazing, just like everything else he had done to her so far. She could feel her pussy dripping as he continued licking and sucking, then he pushed two fingers deep inside her. She writhed and moaned on his face as he fingered her, making her cum, hard, within minutes. Now he was in total control and he was not passive at all. He quickly flipped her onto her back and with one smooth motion, slid balls deep into her wet, hungry cunt. Moaning, she raised her knees up to take him deep as he began slowly thrusting. He leaned down kissing her while he kneaded her breasts. It felt so good, she felt so filled by his cock, and it had been so long since she had felt that.

Then he began thrusting in earnest, on his knees, drilling her fast and hard. He held her legs behind her knees pushing them further back. His cock went deeper and she moaned loudly as he banged her even harder. She was breathing hard and heavy, she would have yelled out his name, if she had known it.

"Oh, fuck, yes!" she yelled as her orgasm built higher and higher. Her entire body was convulsing as she came, her pussy tightening around his hard length as he continued pumping in and out of her. Her body continued shaking as he drew out her orgasm by rubbing her clit. After her orgasm subsided he continued fucking her, the sensations increased by the tightness of her pussy after just cumming. 

"Mmm you feel so good" she moaned.

"Yeah you like that, huh?" he spit out "you like that?" He had quit being passive the minute they left the train, he actually was quite domineering, taking complete control. She liked his forcefulness, this was a real man, commanding and demanding. Sure of himself and his equipment. 

"Uh, yeah, your cock is so good." she fondled her own breast as he slowed his thrusting. 

"You want it in your ass?" He looked down at her intently. "I bet you do, you probably love a big cock up your ass." He wasn't far off at all, Sandra did love ass play, but she was sure she had never had a cock like his up her ass. 

"Oh yes!' she moaned "I'd love to have that fat cock in my ass." 

He pulled his cock out and took her ankles in one hand, pushing her knees until they almost touched her nose. She reached one arm out towards her night stand, trying to open the drawer. "Lube." she breathed out. He took her hint and reached over, opening the drawer and finding a bottle if lube inside. It was cold as he squeezed some onto her puckered hole. He started to open her up by slowly stroking her hole until he was able to push one finger inside. She pushed against him opening herself up further to his invading fingers. 

"You ready for my cock, huh?" 

"Hmm, yeah" she watched as he squeezed some lube onto his hand and slathered it on his meaty cock. Then she felt him pushing slowly against her. Slowly he pushed, inching his way in then pulling out and slowly pushing in again until the head was inside. He stilled, letting her get use to it before continuing to slowly push his way in. Once he was balls deep he stayed there, her ass starting to relax a bit around his cock. Slowly he pulled out and slowly pushed back in, repeating this a few times until she urged him to go faster. 

Her ass was open to him now as he thrust completely in and out in long smooth strokes, crushing her thighs against her chest. Her breathing was choppy as she moaned with the pleasure of being so filled by his cock. He moaned as her ass tightened around his cock on every outstroke. "Damn you feel so good on my cock." He continued pounding her, shaking her whole body with each hard thrust. After awhile it was clear she was reaching her third orgasm of the night, she rubbed her clit, taking herself higher. He was close as well, thrusting hard and fast. Then with one last hard thrust he shot his load, her ass milking all the cum from his balls. He collapsed besides her on the bed. They were both breathing very hard as they tried to recover from their intense orgasm. "Wow" was all either of them could manage for a few moments. "Was it everything you imagined?" He asked, looking at her and smiling. 

"No," she said turning on her side to face him "it was so much better." 

They lay there a few minutes more, neither one saying a word. "You want me to drive you back to the BART station?" she asked.

"I can take a cab"

"Are you sure? I can drive you."

"No it's fine." he reassured her. After a while they began to stir, she got up to go to the bathroom. He was dressed when she came out. She walked him to the door, giving him a hug and one final kiss, deep and passionate. She watched him stroll down her walkway, he turned and waved when he got to the sidewalk. She waved back, knowing that she would never see him again, but she would always have the memory of the most erotic and thrilling thing she had ever done.