 For several years I would visit my best friend and Texas and I had a fun friendship with one of her husband's friends as well. It was just a flirtation, but there was definite sexual tension. During one visit he made it very clear to me what he would like to do if I gave him the chance. I turned him down because I was married and I took my marriage vows very seriously, but I never forgot what he said, and spent several years fantasizing about what it would have been like if I had said yes.

When my marriage ended and I was ready to move on, I decided to take a trip to Texas to see if fantasy and reality were anywhere close.

I took great care in getting ready before boarding the plane. I knew he liked my eyes, my full lips and my well endowed chest. I played up my blue eyes, painted my lips a light red that made them look like I had been kissed hard and long, put on a low cut top that showed my chest quite well, and a short leather skirt with no panties. I wanted to be ready to go. From the looks on the faces of the men as I boarded the plane, I knew I had achieved the look I wanted.

When I landed, he was waiting for me, grabbed me and kissed me good and hard. I was ready to melt then and there. When he asked me what I wanted to do, I told him that I wanted to fuck him in as many ways, as many places, and as many times as possible. We could not have left the airport faster.

We drove to a secluded area. One look at him and I could tell he was as ready as I was. I reached over and stroked him through his jeans until we arrived. I thought it was going to be fast and furious since we were both so ready. He shocked me by pulling out a blanket and a picnic basket. We lay down on the ground and kissed for what seemed liked hours. I was so wet I could hardly wait. He slowly undressed me and laid me back on the blanket. From the picnic basket he grabbed a bottle of wine. He poured some across my tits and slowly licked it off. He repeated this several times and I grew even more and more aroused with each drop. I had my first orgasm just from the feel of his tongue on my tits. 

When he pulled out the strawberries and began to run it across my body, I was on the brink of another orgasm. I could not wait for him to touch me more, but he took his time. He then ran the strawberry across my pussy and my clit and I arched my back from the sensation. He then rubbed the strawberry across my lips and put it into his own mouth and ate it. Every inch of my body ached to have him touch me. I took the bottle of wine and began to give him the same treatment. When I poured it over his rock hard cock and then slipped my hot mouth over him I heard him groan and he drove further into my mouth. Given his size, it was not easy to handle him, but I took every inch in my mouth and slowly slid my mouth up and down his cock. I could tell he was holding back and was as ready as I was. 

I straddled his hips and slid my soaking wet pussy down over his cock. I slowly slid onto him and felt every inch as I took more and more in. This was better than any fantasy that I had. He filled me and we slowly began to rock in rhythm together. He began to stroke my nipples and I continued to ride his cock. This was one cowboy that could give a wild ride. It wasn't long before we both were cumming. I knew that this was going to be a wonderful weekend.

We lay on the blanket for a while when I told him I wanted to see where he kept his race car. We drove to the garage and he showed me his car. He climbed in the car and started it up. The sound of the engine and the sight of him in the car got me wet again. When he climbed out, I pinned him against the car, grabbed his jeans and lowered them. Once again I had his cock in my mouth. It was easier to take him in this time and I was getting even more turned on each time my mouth slid up and down the full length. He asked me to stop because he was about to cum and wanted to do it inside of me. He laid me down on the hood of the car and pushed my skirt up. I was surprised when he dropped down and began to lick my clit. I was ready for him to fuck me, but this was a wonderful sensation. His tongue would flick across my clit, then stop for a few seconds when I thought I was ready to explode. He continued this until I begged for mercy and he finally let me cum. I had never had such a powerful orgasm in my life. He then bent me over the hood of the car and gave me every inch of that incredible cock. I knew that this was his favorite position since we had talked about it before. Though I could not see his face, I knew he was enjoying every minute of it since his pace had increased and the groans coming from him had increased as well. With each thrust he hit just the right spot and soon had me screaming again. My pussy clenched tight around his cock. He came a few seconds later. We collapsed together on the hood of the car. The feeling of him on top of me while I was on top of the car was something I couldn't come up with in any of my fantasies.

We then headed to the hotel that he had booked for us for the weekend. We had the penthouse suite and a private elevator that went to our floor only. In the elevator we couldn't keep our hands off each other. We kissed and licked all the way up to the hotel room. At one point he pulled my shirt up and licked my tits while he fingered me to yet another orgasm. By the time that we entered the hotel room, we were both exhausted. We undressed and climbed into bed together. We spent some time touching each other and we fell asleep wrapped in each other's arms.

When I woke up, he was still sleeping. I went to take a shower and the simple act of rubbing soap on my body enlivened every nerve and had me hot and wet again. I was getting ready to finish my shower and go wake him up when the door to the shower opened and he stepped in. Looking at his glorious body again set my body on fire. I ran my hands down his body and grabbed the cock that had brought me so much pleasure. I began to stroke him and saw the smile spread across his face and his head fell back. He grew harder and harder in my hand. I sped up my rhythm until he was on the edge, then I slowed down. He leaned forward and dropped his mouth to my tits. His tongue flicked my nipples and he began to nibble on them. He had me cumming once again and I grabbed his cock. He took this as his sign that I was ready. He backed me up against the shower wall, and slowly lowered me onto his cock. It was becoming easier to take him in now, but the pleasure did not decrease. I took every inch and every thrust with great pleasure. He went back to licking and nibbling on my tits and dropped one hand to my clit. The combination of sensations was more than I could handle and I came on his cock, squeezing every inch of him. Just when I thought I could not stay upright another moment, he came and held me tight. We held each other until we were able to catch our breath. By this point we need a real shower. Once we had showered and dried off, we headed back to the bed. We spent most of the weekend there and continued our activities. We did venture out to experiment in the pool and the sauna. 

By the time the weekend was over, my muscles were sore and I loved every minute of it. I will be returning to Texas as soon as I can.