 Chapter 2: The Tub

Peeking through the door I see you reclined in the claw-foot bathtub, bubbles covering your slender frame and full breasts. The memories of our afternoon making love in the rain still fresh in my mind, I can still feel your hands on me, your mouth kissing mine. The scent of you lingers on my skin. 

"John," your voice snaps me to reality. I open my eyes to see you staring up at me. "Are you planning to sit there and pretend you are not watching, or do you plan to join me?" My pulse quickens at the thought of joining you. "Come on in, the water is nice, and there is plenty of room"

Just then you sit up, exposing yourself out of the bubbles, and making room for me. Suddenly embarrassed I turn to go. "Please" You say "Please join me." I quickly disrobe and climb in the tub of bubbles and warm water facing you. You gently reach up and touch my face, smearing bubbles from your scented bath across my cheek. "Turn around" you instruct. I stand and turn around, when I sit I find your legs spread to wrap around me. You quickly lock your ankles in front of me and pull me back. Taking the washcloth you slowly start washing my chest with your elegant fingers. All the while your breath on my neck sends waves of pleasure through my body. You continue to clean me, first my chest, then my back, followed by my hair. When you are satisfied that I am clean pull me back against you and hold me.

We lay there talking, occasionally kissing; enjoying the time together, till we realize the water is cooling off. I stand up and turn the shower on to warm. I help you up, watching your reaction as you put weight on your sore ankle. Your body is magnificent. I find myself wanting to touch every curve, run my fingers across every inch of you. I pull you close and kiss you, but it seems you have other ideas.

You pull away, looking me in the eyes before dropping to your knees. Immediately you start kissing and fondling my cock and balls. "You stopped me earlier, my dear" you mumble between kisses. "Let me love you this way now." With that you take my hardening cock deep into your mouth. Masterfully you move up and down, pulling me in and out of your moist mouth. Your tongue and lips quickly have me reeling. Almost involuntarily I start pulling away, looking for a place to lean against. Your right hand reaches around and grabs my bottom, pulling me closer to you, while your left hand fondles my balls. 

I cannot believe how intense the sensations you give me are. Two days ago we were merely companions online, today we are lovers. "Lovers" I think to myself, "Is it possible I am in love with her?" The thought escapes my mind quickly as I feel your pace quickening. 

"Wait Heather," I beg "Lets go in the other room." You look upset, but oblige. Without drying off I climb out of the tub, pick you up and carry you to the sofa.

"Sit, or lay down" You offer. I choose to lie down, as you quickly re-stake your claim. In no time you have me back to where I was before. I somehow manage to pull your lower body closer to me and penetrate you with my fingers. Your moan sends shivers through my body. "Let me taste you" I ask as I pull you closer. You manage to keep sucking on me as you work your way on top of me. You slowly lower your deliciously adorable bottom towards me, as I ready myself. 

The taste of you is even better than before. The wetness of your pussy shows me just how much you want me. I greedily lick at you, darting my tongue in and out of you, enjoying every noise that escapes your pretty mouth. Feeling like I am about to explode, I work with a renewed fervor. I find your clitoris and skillfully lick it, then carefully suckle. Your body jerks in pleasure at my touch. Knowing how you enjoyed it before, I slowly use my fingers to tease your vaginal opening. "Deeper" you moan. I jam my fingers in giving you what you ask. 

Your begin sucking me faster, your hands on my thighs and balls, your mouth going up and down the base of my penis. I can feel my orgasm building. Wanting the pleasure to be mutual, I suck harder on your clit, and more aggressively finger you. I can feel you tensing around my fingers as you start cresting them with your juices. It would be torture to hold you off any longer. You start climaxing around me. Greedily I lick up the juices and continue to probe you. The feeling of your pulsing makes me smile happily. I find myself wanting to enjoy every second of this. Your moans are all it takes, as I cum in your mouth. Wave after wave of pleasure rips through me. You continue sucking and licking until every drop is gone and I start to soften. You then flip your body and curl up on next to me, your head on my chest, my arms around you. I grab the blanket off the back of the sofa and cover us. 

I half expect you to doze off. Lazily I run my right hand over your neck and shoulders, while your hand slowly runs through my chest hair. You then surprise me, pulling yourself up you begin kissing me. Gentle yet passionate, tender yet insistent. Your tongue pushes my lips apart as you kiss me deeply. You awaken all my senses once more; I can feel myself starting to harden. You must sense it too. Carefully you pull yourself so you are lay completely on top of me. My arms roam your back and butt, your hands running across my head, over my shoulders and down my arms. 

Different than it was earlier, I find myself much more patient; I can sense you feel the same way. Our kisses, though full of passion, are much calmer. Your mouth nibbles gently on my skin, my chin, neck and ears. "I love you John" I hear you whisper just before you tense and pull away. Both of us are startled by your words. Looking into your eyes I can see uncertainty and fear. 

"Do you mean that Heather?" I ask.

"I...I" you stutter, looking as though you want to cry "I'm...Yes. Yes John, I love you." Blushing you look away and start to climb off the couch. I grab you and stop you, forcing you to look at me. "I'm sorry" you whisper. "I didn't realize how I truly felt about you until we met. I didn't mean to tell you this way." Your eyes well up with tears as you whisper again "I love you"

"Heather," I reply gently "I love you too" You look at me puzzled. "I thought I may love you before we met. I know I do now. I love you." You meet my words with a kiss. Smiling through your tears you pick up where we left off. Only this time, we know what the other feels. Your legs spread around my thighs, as you search for me beneath you. Ever so gently you guide me in to you. I am met by your warmth and wetness and greeted with a low groan from you. 

You set a gentle pace, rocking us back and forth. Sitting up you look down at me, forcing me in deeper. My hands find your breasts. Squeezing each nipple just enough to make you wince then releasing. Your face shows me just how much you enjoy it. You bend forward just enough that I can suck on your nipples, sending shockwaves through you as I tease you. I see you wince a bit, as I realize your sore ankle is pinned. "Let's switch positions" I offer. 

With you laying down, legs spread invitingly, I take over. I lift your hips ever so slightly I find a comfortable angle and depth. I pick up the pace, thrusting in and out. "Let me try something" You moan. Slowly you put your ankles up over my shoulders, allowing your hips to raise higher and me a deeper angle. You tell me to lean forward a bit more, the feel of you this way is unbelievable. Your breath becomes ragged as I thrust home. I watch as your hands massage your own breasts, then slowly one works down to your clit. Though the angle is great, it isn't going to do it for you. As I continue to thrust, you work frantically at your clit, using my hands I take over massaging your chest and running my fingers through your tangled hair. Your cheeks begin to flush as your orgasm draws near. 

My sweat drips off of me and on to your skin, your sweat cascading down your cheeks and shimmering on your skin. "Look at me' you moan. "look me in the eyes, see what you do to me my love" Your words are muffled by your moans as you climax hard. Your eyes shimmer, your body quakes, I watch as you faint from the intensity of your orgasm as I take my release as well. 

Spent, yet happy, I lie next to you, cover us up and doze off.