 You push down on the back of the trike with your feet, raising your hips as you start to slowly rotate them. His hand presses firmly down on your stomach, prohibiting your movement as you feel his wet tongue against the inside of your thigh. Slowly it slides up and between your legs, stopping just before it gets to your wet pussy. You feel his tongue gently slide up one side of your pussy, then down the other. Never does it actually touch it, just moving alongside your wet lips, then over the top and down again.

Again you move your hips, pushing them towards his face, hoping his tongue will explore your pussy. Then his hand moves away, returning under your ass to help lift your hips. You push down harder on your feet to help lift your hips also, making yourself totally open to him. His hot breath is on your pussy again, then the tip of his nose, as it gently works it's way between your wet lips.

You feel his tongue, just the tip of it, as it slowly traces a wet circle around your asshole. The circles becoming smaller until you feel the tip of his wet tongue pushing against your tight ring. All the while his nose is sliding up and down between your lips, brushing against your clit on every upward stroke. You push your hips forward, and you feel his nose push hard against your clit, while his wet tongue forces itself inside your tight ass. His head moves around, massaging your clit with his nose and sliding his wet tongue in and out of your ass. Then you feel his tongue slide across your ass, along your perineum, then finally ever so slowly, you feel his tongue push it's way inside your aching pussy.

His face is pushed so far between your legs, that you wonder how he can breathe, but only for a second. You feel the bristles of his beard tickling your ass as his head bobs up and down, his tongue pushing inside you, lapping up your juices as they flow freely from your pussy, and his nose, ever present, ever busy, pushing up and down, rubbing around and around your sensitive clit.

Then it starts, beginning in your pussy, then working it's way into your stomach, along your thighs, down your legs and to your toes. It ripples out from your pussy, flowing to the outer regions of your body. Building like a swell in the ocean, moving faster, getting bigger, until it finally peaks and breaks, crashing into itself. The intensity of your orgasm causes you to shake and shudder, a low groan emanates from deep within you, as you realize that the cuffs were never locked and you pull your arms out.

You think you feel his face begins to move away, but now with your hands free, you reach down and grab the back of his head. Your legs splay out straight and as wide as you can get them. You pull his face further into you, as hard as you can as you thrust your hips forward to meet him. Without missing a beat, you feel his mouth open wide, enveloping your pussy and sucking on your lips, drawing them into his mouth. You feel his tongue push between them , pushing in and up, searching for it's prize and finding your swollen bud. Ever so gently you feel your clit being sucked and drawn between his teeth, his tongue dancing around and across it. 

You feel two fingers sliding up and down your lips, pushing further between them with each pass. You thrust your hips forward and sigh as you feel his fingers slide all the way inside you. His fingers move around inside you, feeling every crease, every curve, probing into you. Then his fingers push up and against the wall of your pussy behind your clit. You feel the exquisite pleasure as his fingers rub against you there. The pressure going through to your clit as he teases it with his tongue. Then you feel the muscles in your pussy contracting again, clamping around his fingers. You pull his face into you once more, knowing you're almost there. But then he breaks your grip, pulling his head away and sliding his fingers out of you. You whimper at his retreat, your body already shaking, spasms in your pussy. Silence, just for a moment, but it feels like an eternity.

Then you feel it, hot and hard, as he pushes the head of his cock against your pussy. Parting your lips ever so slightly as he slides his knob up and down them. Then he starts to push, very slowly, so just the head is inside you, then he stops and waits.

"Oh no you don't!!" you protest as your hands reach behind his butt. "You don't stop now, now you're going to fuck me hard!!" You grab his ass, nails dug in, then pull him into you as hard as you can. At the same moment he thrusts and your bodies come together with an almighty "SLAP!" He starts to pump his hard meat into you, pounding against your pubis and clit with every thrust. Your orgasm is almost immediate, already being built up from the work of his skillful mouth. Your muscles contract around the fat cock inside you, gripping it like a vice. He pushes himself in as hard and as far as he can, grinding into you, stimulating your clit with his movements. It starts again, before you've even recovered from the first one. One orgasm flows into another.

"Mmmmm, is that good baby?" You hear him say as he starts to slowly pump in and out of you. "YES IT IS" you scream at him, "YOU'VE HAD YOUR FUN, NOW FUCK ME, FUCK ME HARD!!"