 We laughed as we flew along Route 29 North back towards my house. I looked over at the woman in my passenger seat. She was soaked thoroughly but she didn't care. Neither did I. 

It had been a very hot and interesting past few hours and things were winding down. But I digress. I really should explain how we got here to this point so I'll start at the beginning.

Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Dontae Jennings. I'm 30 years old and I live in Bristow Virginia. It's a little small bedroom community right outside of Manassas. I own a house there and I like living in the area. It's nice and quiet with a lot of families, people are friendly and they tend to mind their own business.

I'm a country boy from a small town in Georgia so this type of living suits me fine. Don't get me wrong. I like to get out and run the streets but just a little. I've never been married and I enjoy my single life. As soon as I graduated high school, I joined the Army to get out and see a bit of the world.

I spent six years in and got my Associate's Degree in Information Systems Management. I got out of the military in Germany and stayed there for a couple of years working for a defense contractor called CACI. In the meantime, they paid for me to get my Bachelor's. 

A couple of years ago, I figured it was time to come home because I got to missing the States. I got a transfer to the Northern Virginia area, somewhere I had been before and was comfortable living. I got my house and enjoyed my surroundings.

I don't think I'm a bad looking guy. I'm young and in pretty decent shape. I work out regularly and I don't drink a lot. And I'm a genuinely nice guy. A gentleman even. All that and having a career makes a brother appealing to a lot of women. I don't mind saying that I've run through a lot of women during my time here. I've also probably fucked up more pussy than I've gotten, too. My naivety keeps me grounded a bit I guess. Hey, what can I say? I'm not ready to settle down yet.

But all of that changed about a month ago. I have an account on this social network called Badoo. People always say the same stuff about social networking. To me, it's just like going to the club. You can either go to have a good time or you can go to pick someone up. Or both. The same thing goes for these social sites. Facebook, Twitter, Grindr, Instagram, it don't matter. It's all the same. People will find a way to use it to find sex but it's meant to be a social gathering and meeting place for people. So to me there's no such thing as horror story about meeting people on them. Use common sense like you would at the club and you'll be fine.

Anyway, I was on Badoo one night and I met this woman. Her name is Bunny and she's a nurse who lives in Gainesville. We got to talking online and we exchanged pics then eventually phone numbers. From there, Bunny and I started talking on the phone. We had such chemistry together that we started talking more and more about meeting for the first time.

Two weeks later, we finally did. I met Bunny for coffee in Haymarket near her job at the medical center there. She couldn't stay long but we had so much fun just meeting and talking that I knew I wanted to see her again..

So on the way home from my job in Manassas, I drove by the medical center in Haymarket to see her. I asked her if she wanted to go out on a picnic this weekend. Bunny said yes enthusiastically. 

I knew just where to go, too. I heard about this really nice recreational area down Rte 29 near Culpeper called Lake Mountain and the next day, I went on a little recon to check it out. The place was very nice and beautiful. I couldn't wait to bring Bunny there.

Well, Saturday rolled around and I had everything ready. I kept it simple and packed some bread, cheeses, some cold cuts, fruit, some chocolate, and some wine plus glasses. I threw everything and a couple of blankets in my 2015 Ford Mustang and went to pick up Bunny.

When I arrived to pick her up, she took my breath away. Bunny is a diminutive thing, only about 4'10 but packed on a voluptuous 120 lbs. She has smooth dark chocolate skin and it looked so very soft. Her hair was in a bushy curly style and she wore a yellow patterned sundress and sandals She had a very sexy British accent and I kept thinking about the new Miss Moneypenny in the recent James Bond movies. I think the actress is named Naomi Harris.

Bunny DIGS my car. She frequently complimented me on it when we first met and she was thrilled to be able to ride in it now. She was so giddy and open as we drove down towards Culpeper.

She told me that she was born in Nigeria and her parents still live there. They are doctors and work for Doctors Without Borders. She wants to get more experience nursing (she recently just started her first nursing job) then go work with her parents at DWB. They sent her London for schooling and she came here to the states for college.

She told me she's a bit of a wild child and liked to hang out up in the clubs in DC sometimes. This is where we differ a bit. I'm not much of a club rat but she was so much fun and had so much energy that I knew she could teach me a thing or two. I was down to hit a few clubs with her sometime.

We finally get down to the lake and it's late afternoon. It was a very nice day and I figured there would be more people around right? No... the place was pretty deserted. We had the whole lake to ourselves.

I had the spot I wanted already scoped out so I guided us there and set everything up. I had music on my phone that I turned on and was playing through my bluetooth speaker. To say that Bunny was impressed was an understatement.

"Oh wow, Dontae you really went all out, didn't you? I didn't need all of this." she exclaimed. "But it's so very beautiful and nice. Thank you."

I just beamed. Her smile made me feel good inside. I didn't even give a fuck about whether or not I'd get in the panties later. I was just happy that she was happy.

So we laughed and joked and ate. I had brought some Nutella with me because she mentioned before that it was her favorite quick breakfast: a piece of toast with some spread on it. I was going to let her try some on some fruit. I had strawberries, apples, and pineapple.

We made sandwiches and ate them and had some wine then I showed her the Nutella and the fruit. She squealed with joy. I took a few of the apple slices and dipped them in the Nutella then fed them to her. She loved it. She returned the favor by dipping some pineapples in the Nutella and feeding it to me.

Finally, our conversation came around to my car. "What made you get a Mustang?" she asked me.

"What? You don't like it?" I teased, knowing full well that she did.

"Oh I love it. It has such a powerful growl when you gun the engine. Like a lion almost." she said with a smile. 'But you don't come across to me as the thrill seeker or daredevil type. You didn't buy it because it's a chick magnet did you?"

She was right. I'm not a daredevil or anything of that sort. But I do like to go fast and I like fast cars. I always have from when I was growing up. My aunt owned a green '71 Mustang and I used to play around watching my grandfather work on it. He showed me a few things. I learned my way around a car and could keep most of them running.

Bunny was also partially right about why I got the car. I had dreamed about owning a new Mustang. That was the main reason for getting one but it was indeed a chick magnet. When I first got it, my friends and co-workers were giving me so many props about it that I saw the car's value in pulling women.

"I love fast cars." I said, grinning. "Like in that Tracy Chapman song."

"I'll bet you do." Bunny said with a flirtatious smile.

A few hours went past and we laid out on the blanket and listened to the music. I noticed that some clouds had hidden the sun and it was starting to get windy. We continued to chill for a while longer and the wind picked up more. It also got much darker and the clouds started looking meaner. I began to realize why no one was at the lake. I turned on my radio app on my phone and caught the announcement of a severe thunderstorm warning for the area.

"Shit." I said and jumped up. "We gotta get this stuff up. The storm will be here soon."

I was pissed. It was so nice earlier that the thought of checking the weather never crossed my mind. I knew that things were going too good to be true. This storm was gonna bring me back down to earth. Bunny helped me pack everything up and she was still very lively and joking as we worked. Then the rain came and things got critical.

It was raining cats, dogs, puppies, kittens, lions, tigers, and bears (oh my) by the time we got everything back inside my car. We jumped in and sat there, drenched and out of breath. It was a good thing my Mustang had leather sports seats.

Bunny sat there staring at me. I don't know why but she looked like a wet dream sitting there. Her dress clung to her soaked bosom and her nipples poked hard through her bra. Her hair was wet and dripping and made me wonder what her body looked like naked. My dick started to stiffen as I fantasized.

She glanced down at the bulge in my jeans and a wicked smile came over her face. She slowly reached over and put her hand on my leg. Then she slowly moved it up to my crotch. My heart was beating so very fast as she caressed my bulge.

"Uhhhhh..." I started, but couldn't finish my thought.

Then she sat back and looked at me again. "Mmmmm. Sexy man. Sexy car." she cooed in her sexy cockney accent. "It does something to me." She turned and looked at the rain thrashing the windshield.

Then she did something that stunned me. She hiked up her dress and slowly slid down her panties around her ankles then took them off. I was mesmerized. She smiled at me then proceeded to get out of the car. I was too stunned to stop her. She shut the door and stood there in the rain, letting it further drench her.

I finally came to my senses. I crawled over to the passenger side and cracked the door enough to talk to her. "Bunny!! What are you doing?!? Get back in the car!!" I yelled.

She smiled at me and started to slowly walk around to the front of the car. I watched her with my jaws dropped as she began to climb up on my hood. She inched her way up until she was up on the windshield. Then she hiked her dress up around her waist, exposing her naked lower body. She climbed up further on the windshield and held onto the roof of my car and got on her knees. Her knees slowly spread open and I watched as her chocolate treasure came into view.

Her pubes were shaved smooth and her pussy was plump and meaty. Her hooded clit protruded out like a little dick. Her knees opened up more and more until she was basically doing a split on my windshield. The coolness of the rain splattering down on her just ran down around her flesh as it pressed down on the windshield. Slowly but surely, she began to hump on the windshield, holding herself up on the roof. She went up and down, up and down, her clit molding against the cool glass. 

Soon I saw steam began to rise from her body and she threw her head back in pleasure. Her breasts heaved as I could imagine her orgasm brewing and about to explode. I could not tear my eyes away from this totally erotic vision unfolding in front of me.

I don't believe this, I thought. This chick is virtually fucking my car. I was flabbergasted. I had never imagined a porno movie like this situation. I stared at her as her body trembled and a burst of hot juice splayed against the windshield from her wanton pussy. Dayum I thought. She squirted on my windshield.

She seemed to start coming down from her erotic high and she slid back down onto the hood of the car. From there she climbed off of the car. She was grinning as she came around to the passenger side and opened the door to climb in.

I couldn't say anything but my dick was harder than petrified steel. It was actually hurting it was throbbing so bad. She looked at my crotch and felt on me again, this time with a look of pity on her face.

"Poor baby. That looks like it hurts." she cooed. She began to unzip my jeans. "Let me relieve you of some of that pressure."

She began to unbutton my jeans and helped me push them down around my ankles. My stallion sprang up and stood tall.

"Mmmm, someone is happy to see me." she said softly. She pulled herself closer to my gearbox and stroked my dick. Then she got on her knees and bent over my lap.

The rain continued to splatter down as she took my stiff man-meat into her hot wet mouth. She handled my curve like a Porsche would a mountain road on the Autobahn. Her head went up and down, up and down, my dick disappearing into her neck.

My eyes rolled back into my head. Whomever said Brits were prim and proper were dead wrong. Not this girl. I was getting the wettest, sloppiest top I've ever experienced. It was a serious struggle for me not to blast off in her mouth. Not that she would've minded that.

She stopped sucking me and reached down to grab her purse. She fished out a condom and tossed the purse in the backseat. She ripped off the wrapper with her teeth then climbed over the gearbox onto my lap. She straddled me as she rolled the condom down over my dick. Then she pulled her soaking wet dress off her shoulders and down around her waist. She reached behind her back and deftly undid her bra, freeing her gorgeous 34DD orbs. She moved her dress to the side and mounted me. I felt her hot juicy center sink down on and surround my missile. I moaned as her sugarwalls grabbed hold of me and caressed me. She wrapped her arms around my neck and propped her feet up on my knees.

She humped slowly and passionately on me, and we kissed between our tortured breaths. I squeezed her soft round butt cheeks and slapped at them.

She began to hyperventilate as she humped fast then she leaned forward and nibbled hard on my neck and ear. I winced in pain but didn't stop.

Then she sat up and gave me another wicked smile.

"Come on."she said and opened the door. I was shocked as she climbed off my dick and out of the car into the pouring rain. She grabbed my hand to pull me out.

I got with the program. I kicked my jeans off my ankles and got out with her. She led me around to the hood of the Mustang and bent over with one foot up on the bumper. I smacked her glorious shimmering booty cheeks and entered her from behind. I grabbed her slim waist and drove myself into her like a highly efficient piston pumping away. She threw her head back and screamed in orgasm as her sugarwalls collapsed around my dick. I grabbed her wet hair and pulled back as I continued pumping her.

The torrential rain suddenly stopped and sun was revealed. I felt the heat come down on me as I fucked.

I felt my nut brewing and I pumped harder. "I'm gonna cum Bunny!!" I screamed with my head back. I pulled out of her and stood back. She quickly got down on her knees and ripped the condom off. She engulfed my dick and sucked greedily. I spasmed as I unloaded a torrent of hot cum in her mouth. Bunny never stopped sucking for a second. She continued until my balls were properly drained.

I staggered back and she sat on the hood of the Mustang, wiping the nut off her face and licking her fingers. All I could do was laugh and shake my head. Shawty was off the Richter.

We got back in the car and put our clothes back on. As we drove off, I pointed off to the West over the lake. A beautiful rainbow could be seen. Bunny laughed gleefully and I just stared at her. I think I'm love.