 "Outside!" I yelled. The gate swung open and the bull and I leaped out into the arena. Eight seconds was all I had to last. Four and a half seconds later I went sailing through the air and landed against the fence. I looked up to see the bull in a full charge headed right for me. I scrambled up and over the barrier just as his fifteen hundred pound mass slammed into the fence where I had been. I wasn't shaken too badly. This wasn't my first rodeo, nor was it the first time a bull had flung me through the air. At least this time, there were no broken bones and I wasn't bleeding.

I walked over to the refreshment stand and got a coke. As I was leaving, Shirley ran over to me. She wrapped her arms around me, spilling my coke. She ignored it. "Oh honey, are you all right? That bull really tossed you!"

"I'm Okay, but I'm thirsty," I remarked.

"Sorry about that. I'll go get you another one!" and she galloped over to the drink stand.

I sat down on one of the pen fences thinking about the next time. The next time would be in about thirty minutes. I had to score on the next ride or I'd be riding my savings account to the next rodeo.

"Here's your drink, hon," Shirley chirped. "When can we get together?"

"I've got another ride in a little while. I guess we can get together after that unless you manage to rope another cowboy."

She laughed, "I'm not out here to rope just any old bull. There's only one in my sights right now!"

I smiled at her and nodded. She kissed me on the lips and said, "The best comes later." She walked away toward the grandstand wiggling her hips for my benefit.

"There goes a nice little filly," I thought. "I better be careful!"

"Jesse Stockton riding Taurus." The loudspeaker announced.

I nodded, "Outside!" and I was off again. This time, I managed to cling to the bull for the required eight seconds. Taurus was one of the wildest bulls on the circuit and had only been ridden once before, so I scored in the money. It wouldn't be first place money since I had already bit the dust once.

I ambled off to my camp trailer. Shirley was waiting for me. It was kind of like an ambush.

"Hey cowboy, nice ride!" she remarked.

"Yeah, I lucked out again," I replied. "Do you want to come in?"

"Hell yes, that's why I'm here. I'm gonna see if your reputation is deserved."

"What reputation is that? I didn't know I had a reputation."

"Oh, bullshit, you know the rodeo girls all think you're the best stud in the West!"

I stepped into the trailer. "Do you want something to drink?" I asked.

"Do you have some Wild Turkey?"

"Sure thing babe. Straight up?"

"On the rocks," she replied.

We sat on the love seat and sipped our whiskey. She slyly slid closer to me when she thought I wasn't paying attention. I put my arm around her shoulders and she just molded herself to me. Women are so sweet and soft. I just love 'em!

"Let's kick off our boots and get comfortable," she suggested. She got up and grasped the heel of my right boot and pulled hard. Eventually, it slid off. She repeated the process with my left. "Whew! Those boots are a tight fit!" She plopped down on the love seat.

I got up and slid her boots off her feet with no trouble at all. 

"You are one strong cowboy," she commented.

"I ain't nothing special," I replied, "Most of the cowboys are at least as strong as I am."

"Now, where were we?" I asked as I sat down beside her and engulfed her into my arms.

"As I remember it, we were right here, but we were headed somewhere else," She replied.

"So we were," I remarked and leaned in to kiss her. She tilted her head up and our lips met. I could taste the whiskey and her mouth. Her tongue shot the gap and was soon swirling around my mouth. I rammed my tongue as far into her mouth as I could.

"Mmmm," she moaned. 

My fingers found the buttons on her shirt and started the take down procedure. She shifted around to help me and soon her shirt was lying on the floor. I squeezed her tits through the bra. She quickly unsnapped it and her breasts bounced free. I pinched her nipples and sucked one of them into my mouth. I could feel her fingers desperately trying to take off my shirt. I stood up and shucked the shirt, pants and boxers.

She stood when I stood and dropped her skirt and panties. She had a neatly trimmed, pretty little pussy. It was wet. It smelled great.

I led her to the bedroom at the back of the trailer and laid her down. 

As I lay down beside her, I let my hand slide up her leg to her waiting snatch. It was so soft, so wet. I had to have a taste. I moved down her body, between her tits, across her tummy and finally to my goal. She eagerly parted her legs in happy anticipation of the next move. I licked her slit from bottom to top and back again. She was moaning and making little squeaking noises. I sank my tongue into the center of her womanhood and licked up as much of the yummy pussy juice as I could. It was a losing battle. The more I licked, the more she made. Finally, I slipped my tongue up her crease and sucked her clit into my mouth. 

Her reaction was wild, violent and totally female. I rubbed the end of her clit with my tongue. She exploded with more power than Taurus had shown me. Like Taurus though, she couldn't buck me off. She screamed, "OH GOD YES!!" as she climaxed on my face. Her pussy was soaked. My face was soaked. It was great!

I released her wonderful little nub and slipped up her body. We looked into each other's eyes and once again plunged into a deep lover's kiss. I was panting like a lizard. My cock was bigger and harder than it had ever been. I was ready. She was ready.

I moved between her opened legs and let my dick tease her pussy. I almost lost it when she bucked against me, trying to ram my cock into her. I rubbed her pussy lips with my cock. The more I rubbed, the more desperate she got.

"Put that thing in me now!" she demanded.

I slid all seven inches into her greedy cunt. She did something strange and special with her muscles and started massaging my cock with her pussy. I thrust into her as she was clamping down on me. She was no virgin, but she wasn't loose. I slid it in as far as I could. She was grunting in rhythm with my thrusts.

"Unh, fuck me, unh, fuck me, oh yeah. Don't stop. Don't ever stop. Fuck me to death!"

I was trying to fuck her to death. I slammed into her like a pile driver. She was a lot tougher than she looked. She slammed right back at me. I started tweaking her nipples as I screwed her pussy. She was totally out of her mind writhing and squeaking, groaning and cussing. I felt her start to tighten really hard around me and I knew that she was close to orgasm. I pounded her as hard as I could and she screamed, "YES, GOD, YES" and went limp. A few more strokes and I squirted my load of sperm into her love channel. I collapsed on top of her.

I felt her wake up a minute or so later. "You're mashin' me," she observed.

"Sorry, I must have passed out for a minute," I said as I raised myself off of her.

"That was the best fuck I've ever had," she said.

"I was just thinkin' the same thing about you," I answered.

I rolled off her and wrapped my arms around her. I nuzzled her neck and kissed her lips lightly while I petted her breasts. I gently squeezed her butt.

"Mmm, so nice," she whispered.

My cock was already starting to harden again. I guided her hand to it and she gripped it firmly. "Ride this!" I told her as she rolled over on top of me.