 We met up at the mall for coffee. Unlike most meet ups from online, Scott was actually hotter than his pictures. As he looked me up and down with long lingering looks, I suspected that he felt the same about me. We got our coffee and sat down at one of the tables way in the back corner of the coffee shop. As we were talking and getting to know each other I felt his hand slowly rubbing against my bare leg. I was wearing the short black skirt that I usually wear to first meet ups. It only covers up to the middle of my thigh, and his hand was already well above my knee. I leaned in closer so that it was harder for anyone to see as his hand slowly and steadily wandered further up my leg. It was harder and harder to concentrate on the coffee and conversation as Scott's hand inched further up my leg. Every touch was making me tingle and I could tell that he knew it. 

"Let's get out of here," I said as his hand came closer to discovering that I wasn't wearing any panties. "I'll call us a ride share," I said as I texted my hubby, who had been waiting in the parking lot, to pull around and pick us up. 

Scott had his arm around my lower back as my hubby pulled up and we both climbed into the back seat. "Just drive, and don't stop until I say so!" I said, winking at the "driver" discreetly as we got settled into the back seat. 

"Yes, ma'am." Hubby said as he adjusted his rear view mirror to get a better view of us in the back seat and pulled out of the mall parking lot

I sat in the middle of the back seat and let my skirt ride up as I slid in close to Scott. We started to make out in the back seat like horny teenagers as my hubby drove with one eye on the road and the other on the rear view mirror. I made sure he got a good view of me slipping Scott lots of tongue. He quickly kissed and nibbled on my neck as his hand slid up my top, quickly finding its way to my very hard nipples. He lifted up my shirt and started sucking me as my hand disappeared down his shorts reaching for his very hard young cock. 

We kissed deeply as I stroked his cock tracing the outline of his thick mushroom head and curved shaft with my fingers. I could already tell that I would enjoy it wherever he were to put it. He moaned as I started to firmly stroke it up and down. 

Before long his hands were sliding back up my leg and towards my 

panty less pussy as he nibbled my neck. I put my leg up on the armrest so that hubby could get a good view of hands exploring my very wet pussy.

Scott was rock hard by now and I slid his pants down and plunged my mouth down on his swollen throbbing shaft as he moaned. With the thought of hubby watching us in the rear view mirror I was soaking wet as his fingers slid smoothly in and out of me.  

I sucked his cock until I felt him close to coming and then I straddled him sideways with my skirt hiked up enough to engulf his rod with my drenched pussy as we kissed. He fondled my tits as I slid up and down his hard shaft, giving hubby a full view of our encounter. His mushroom head pierced my swollen pussy lips and split my hot wet pussy walls wide open.

"Do you like a cock shaped like mine?" he whispered in my ear as he slid it deep inside me and I felt his curved shaft guide the head of his cock right to my g spot.

"Mmmmm I doooo," I purred as I slid slowly up and down enjoying the feel of him deep inside me. I leaned back and he reached around to rub my swollen clit while I rode him, our bodies swaying along with the car as my hubby maneuvered it down the bumpy quiet roads he had chosen for our encounter. 

I felt him tense up inside me and I clenched my pussy walls around his thick throbbing cock as he groaned loudly and his cum pulsed deep inside of me. We kissed for a few more minutes before I slid off of him and hubby drove us back to the mall. 

I'm giving both my "drivers" five stars for that ride!