 Marie sat on the bus as she did twice every day on her way to and from work. She had her MP3 playing her favourite songs as she looked aimlessly out of the window at the lush countryside. Marie was a country girl plain and simple but everyday she travelled into the city to do a job that paid the bills. 

5.30am every morning Marie would wake, shower and dress up as the city executive she became as soon as she'd get to work. Marie would catch the bus at 6am and really enjoyed the hour drive to the centre of the city. The bus was usually empty and it felt like it was her private transport. The driver she imagined was her personal chauffer.

Marie flashed her bus pass at the driver as she caught the bus home. She noticed that it was her usual driver John.

"Evening John!" She said flashing her broadest grin.

"Hello stranger." The bus driver replied giving her a cheeky wink.

Marie went to the back of the bus and put her MP3 player on. Marie noticed that John altered his rear view mirror so that their eyes met. Marie flashed a broad smile in John's direction.

As the journey progressed the bus slowly emptied as the bus moved further away from the city. It had been a long Friday and Marie felt weary. It had been a very difficult week with lots of important meetings. She leant her head against the side of the bus. The gentle vibration of the bus travelled through her body and soon she was soundly sleeping at the back of the bus.

Marie woke up with someone gently shaking her arm. As she opened her eyes she could see John looking down at her. He stood there smiling down at her.

"You ok there sleepyhead?" he asked quietly.

"Oh I'm sorry. Oh dear I must have fallen asleep. You must think I am a right one!" She said apologetically stretching out into a full on yawn.

"I do but that's because you are!" He replied smiling at her. 

Marie was confused at his comment but she smiled as she wiped the sleep from her eyes.

"Why don't you come sit at the front you can keep me company? We can stop each other from falling asleep!" John held his hand out for Marie. She followed him down the bus and sat at the front seat. John got into the driver's station.

They chatted politely as they travelled back towards Marie's stop. It was surprising how much they seemed to have in common. Marie found herself laughing at his corny jokes. He was definitely a tonic to her otherwise boring day.

"So how come a beautiful woman like yourself is taking the bus?" John asked "Not that I'm complaining. I like having you on my bus!" 

"It's good for the environment" Marie found herself saying, trying to hide her reddening cheeks.

"Nice try but what's the real reason?" John asked obviously noticing her blush.

"It's embarrassing...." Marie started.

"It'll be our little secret" John said quietly "There's no one here but us."

Marie weighed up telling him the truth. She judged that the worse thing he could do was laugh so she gave it a try.

"I love big vehicles. I think it comes from growing up in the countryside all the tractors and combine harvesters." Marie giggled trying to divert John's attention

"Big vehicles huh? So you like them big huh?" John tried his best to suppress the giggles that were now growing inside him. His eyes formed tears of laughter.

"I know it's stupid. It's just the smell, the noises and the way they make me feel! I'll stop now I realise you'll probably think I'm weird but it's just how I am."

Marie said not believing the words that were tumbling from her mouth. Not even her closest friends knew about her love of big vehicles.

"I think we should discuss this further" John said "except your stop is coming up. Unless of course you fancy coming down to the depot with me? I could show you around the depot and all the big buses." John said slightly emphasising the words big and buses. "We could catch something to eat then when I've picked up my car I'll drop you back later if you want?"

Marie weighed up her options a night alone in front of the television or a trip to the bus depot with a cute guy.

"Well if it's no trouble? I could always get a taxi back!" Marie suggested eager to spend some time at the depot.

"It's no trouble and there won't be need for a taxi. I'd be delighted to give you a lift home. I'll be on my best behaviour" John said slowly.

"You don't have to be" Marie found herself saying quietly hoping John hadn't heard her but his grin told Marie that he had.

The continued their banter down to the end of the line, the bus station in the neighbouring town. John explained that they'd catch another bus to the depot where his car was parked. They got off the bus and John transferred his duty to the next guy. John picked up his bag, the takings and all the other bus paraphernalia before guiding Marie to another smaller bus. They sat on the back of the bus and John draped his coat over their knees. Marie shivered having John so close. She was used to being so distant in business thinking that she had to fight men to get her opinions heard. It was different with John she found him easy to talk to and she had somehow let her defences down.

John leant closer to Marie and whispered into her ear softly telling her to relax. Marie didn't follow what he meant. She was about to ask him when she suddenly realised. John had worked his hand onto her knee and was slowly working his way up her stockings inch by tantalising inch. His hand slid up the silky nylons but he didn't stop. John simply smiled as his hand touched the lace at the top of her stockings. Marie breathed shallowly as John edged further and further up her thighs. She gasped quietly as he touched the now moistening fabric of her panties.

"Let's see how much you like vehicles now shall we?" he whispered in her ear.

John pushed the fabric of her panties into her and it became obvious how much Marie was enjoying herself. John's fingers were soaked in her juices. He started to pull his hand away from her but it was only to move the fabric to one side. John pushed his fingers deep inside her. Marie bit her lip trying to remain silent. Soon John was using two of his fingers to bring Marie closer and closer to orgasm. He relentlessly worked those two fingers around her clit so that the combination of his touch and the vibrations from the bus made her clit extremely engorged. Marie squirmed on her seat, her breathing becoming laboured as she was approaching orgasm.

John suddenly withdrew his hand shocking Marie into opening her eyes. John was slowly licking Marie's juices off his fingers.

"We're getting close to the depot. I wanted to make sure you could compose yourself before we get off the bus." John said quietly. He stood up and led Marie off the bus past all the passengers oblivious of what had just happened inches from them. John exchanged a nod with the driver and they got off the bus.

"How about I show you inside the depot as compensation?" John asked.

Marie reached across and kissed John excitedly. He pulled her closer and they kissed passionately. Marie could taste her juices on John's tongue. When they broke their embrace John threw his head back and laughed.

"Shall I take that as a yes then?" John smiled broadly at Marie.

John guided Marie through the depot. Marie was wide eyed which made John chuckle. There were so many buses in the depot being steam cleaned, washed and repaired. Marie got a few wolf whistles as she followed John around. She was hardly the sort of woman who was normally found inside the depot. Marie was catching eyes dressed in her pale grey business suit with her favourite pale blue blouse. John seemed to be taking full advantage of showing Marie off to his colleagues.

"This is my bus for tomorrow. Let's go inside!" John said as they walked near the larger double Decker buses.

Marie followed him onto the bus. It smelt all clean and fresh.

"How about we go out for some food in a bit? You must be bored of all these buses by now?" John suggested.

"Far from it!" Marie grinned as an idea flashed through her mind. She stood a little closer to John and started speaking in a very quiet voice. "Tell you what I'll cook you whatever food you want but I think you need to finish what you started earlier. Leaving a girl that close could leave to permanent damage. Let's go upstairs!"

Marie walked away from John slowly to make sure that he was following her. As she climbed the stairs to the top of the bus she knew that he would be watching her long legs. That he would be able to see right up the slit in her skirt to the hold ups at the top of her stockings.

Marie could hear John scurrying up the stairs after her and she smiled briefly before turning around to face the stairs. John stopped on the stairs looking up at Marie towering above him. He wasn't going to miss out on an opportunity with this sexy and attractive woman.

Marie removed the clasp on her hair letting it drop down around her shoulders. She then undid her grey jacket slowly and gently draped it over a nearby seat. Their eyes remained locked as Marie unbuttoned her thin pale blue blouse. John finished climbing the stairs and helped Marie remove her blouse. She felt in control of this situation. It was one of her all time fantasies and Marie wanted John so much at this moment. Slowly he revealed her beautiful body. Marie was wearing a black lacy bra with red stars embroidered on the cups.

"You look stunning!" John whispered, the smile fading from his face.

John moved in closer and started to kiss at the soft skin of her neck moving slowly across to her ear. John took her earlobe into his mouth and gently flicked his tongue across it, which made Marie start to gently moan.

"Lie down!" Marie said.

"Do you mean on the floor?" John questioned her a little surprised.

"Yes in the aisle" Marie instructed John.

John lay down on the floor obediently.

"Now I'm going to tease you! If you touch me then I'll stop do you understand?" Marie said with a sudden authority.

John nodded whilst his mind whirred wondering what she had planned for him. Marie stood next to John's head. She put a foot next to each of his ears then she squatted over his face. Marie wanted him to smell her juices off her panties. She hitched her skirt high up around her waist and slowly manoeuvred so that she was kneeling down. Marie leant forward and unzipped John's flies to release his penis. It jumped to attention bobbing about now it was free from its confines. Marie smiled knowing she was having such an affect on him. It felt good to Marie to be in such control of a wonderfully sexy young man.

Marie needed to suck John. She needed to feel his dick in her mouth, to feel her lips pressing against his hard shaft. Marie leant further forward taking as much of his dick into her mouth as she could. Encouraged by John's low groans Marie let her tongue flick wildly around his strong hard shaft. She held him tightly with her soft lips. Marie could hear John's breath getting heavy as she sucked and licked him.

"If you keep going like that I'm going to be filling your mouth!" John said quietly between breaths.

"We wouldn't want that now would we?" Marie said releasing his dick from the confines of her mouth. Marie slowly got to her feet and walked towards her bag.

"I didn't mean for you to go! Don't leave me like this!" John begged looking up at Marie with bewilderment.

Marie turned flashing John her biggest broadest smile as she turned around.

"Better be safe!" Marie said opening a condom packet.

Marie positioned herself and rolled the condom quickly down his hard shaft.

"Lie down!" John ordered her. "You're going to stop teasing me you little minx. I'm going to fuck you like you've never been fucked before!"

Marie was somewhat surprised at this authority side of John. It excited her further and she quickly complied by lying down on the floor of the bus. Marie was so energized by the situation that she no longer cared about the state of cleanliness on the bus. John quickly got on top of Marie squealed with delight. 

John slid his dick deep into her wet pussy. With each thrust Marie brought her legs up until her knees were up to her chest.

"You're a flexible little fucker aren't you?" John said smiling.

"Shut the fuck up you fucker! Make me cum!" Marie groaned.

John moved up a bit until his dick was rubbing her clit. Marie muscles contracted rapidly against his dick. Marie bucked wildly. When the orgasm came it washed over her like a tidal wave. John had the stamina to give her wave after wave of orgasm. John slumped on top of Marie. She hugged him to help support his weight. John was breathing heavily.

"Sorry I'd better get up before I squash you!" John grinned as he got to his feet, quickly removing the condom. He then held his hand out to help Marie up from the floor.

"Such a gentleman." Marie said getting to her feet.

"Wow well I know I'll be having some vivid memories tomorrow!" John said grinning back at her.

"Oh yeah? What of?" Marie asked innocently as she rearranged her clothing.

"Of making love to the sexiest woman alive!" John said draping his arms around Marie's waist pulling her closer. Their lips met. Marie playfully licked John's lip before letting her tongue explore into his mouth.

"Now I think I remember promising you some food if you think you're up for it!" Marie said trying to push her luck. She didn't want the night to end.

"You don't have to if you don't want to!"

"Maybe I want to." Marie said smiling cheekily at John.

"Then I better get you home, although we'd better smarten up before we go back into the depot."

"Yeah we don't want to give your colleagues any ammunition now do we?" Marie said with a smile.

They both laughed nervously as they finished altering their clothing, making themselves more respectful. John led Marie quickly out of the depot and into the small staff parking lot.

John joked around calling his small car her chariot and soon Marie was guiding John through the country lanes to her house. She felt safe in his company.

"Are you sure you want me to come in? I could understand if you just wanted to use me and abuse me!" John asked hoping she would disagree with him.

Marie looked over at John who was sticking out his bottom lip and he was making his face look so very sad. Marie started giggling. She put her hands gently onto his ears and leant forward kissing his mouth again.

"Come in. I owe you some food for dropping me off safely after an amazing insight into the world of a bus driver." Marie insisted.

Marie opened the door to her house. It felt a little odd showing John around her home. He was virtually a stranger but they'd been so incredibly intimate already. Marie felt so at ease with him.

Marie quickly set about making some spaghetti carbonara for her guest. Within ten minutes she was serving two bowls onto her dining room table.

"So she cooks too? Is there anything you can't do?" John asked mockingly.

"Drive a bus!" Marie quipped without thinking then realising that she had said it at an audible volume she blushed deeply.

"Yeah and where did all that start? I've never known a woman so into vehicles." He questioned curiously.

"I'm an original grease monkey. My dad and brothers always had vehicles in various states of disrepair. It's in my blood. Don't laugh at me...it's an addiction. If I don't ride a big vehicle twice a day I'm a grumpy so and so!" She replied automatically.

"You mean a bus. Don't you?" John said gleefully trying to make her cheeks redden again.

"Why? What do you think I meant? Oh you dirty boy!" Marie suddenly realised what John had been implying and playfully tapped his shoulder.

Marie blushed suddenly realising what John had been driving at.

"I bet you have your pick of men. They queue around the block." John could imagine that lots of men would be queuing up after Marie. She was so bright and vibrant that she would catch anyone's eye.

"Why? Do you think you could handle the job as there's a definite vacancy. Although I might have to set up an interview!" Marie said with a glint in her eye.

"I thought I had that down at the depot or is it still on the cards?" John said with a big smile on his face.

"I don't know if you could handle another round." Marie moved closer to John.

"I am sure I could go another few rounds if I got the right encouragement!" John put his hands and rested them gently on her waist.

"Well I need a shower after rolling about on the floor. How are you with back scrubbing?" Marie asked.

"Oh I am expert. It's my speciality. That and long massages." John moved closer letting his hands move across her back and down to her butt, giving her a taster of things to come.

"Well I'll put these plates in the dishwasher and then you can show me!" Marie smiled before pulling away from John to go pick up their plates.

"I think they'll wait but I know I can't!" John said taking the plates from her and placing them back on the table. 

John took Marie's hand and walked slowly up the stairs. Marie followed guiding him verbally to her bedroom smiling. She couldn't help watch his buttocks tighten his trousers as he climbed the stairs. Marie undid her skirt and threw it into the wash bin. She kicked off her heels and undid her blouse. Marie walked into her en-suite and turned her shower on her return to the bedroom John was quickly undressing.

"Fancy a shower?" Marie asked. John moved nakedly towards Marie and started kissing her soft lips wrapping his arms around her waist. His hands moved up to her bra and undid the hooks gently manoeuvring the straps down and letting the bra drop to the floor. John cupped her breasts as he bent to kiss Marie's neck.

"Come into the shower with me I want to lather you up!" Marie insisted attempting to step back away from John.

John lunged at Marie but she moved too quickly shrieking with delight at the thought that he needed her so much. He soon caught up with her, put his hands on her hips and spun her around to face him. Marie was laughing but John liked the glint in her eye. Soon they were kissing again. John's dick was growing now and pushed longingly at Marie. He so wanted to be pushing inside her eager pussy but her legs were firmly tight together.

Marie moved away again and quickly got into the bath tub and stood under the water. John didn't have time to watch the water cascade over her naked body as he joined her under the water continuing to kiss her. Marie moved her hand to John's erect penis and began stroking it firmly.

"Do you want to fuck me? Or should I suck you?" Marie whispered into his ear.

"Turn around!" John found himself saying very sternly "I need to fuck you now!"

Marie giggled at the effect she was having on John and eagerly turned around. Within seconds he was using his hands to part her buttocks and thrust his hard eager dick deep into her pussy. He looked down to see Marie holding onto the bath tub. John moved his hands from her buttocks to cupping her breasts as he pounded in and out of her hot eager cunt.

Marie started to moan she was clearly enjoying this as much as John was. He moved one of his hands back to her arse and started to use the thumb to rub into her tight arse hole. This excited Marie even more and she started swearing words he wouldn't have imagined her saying.

"Fuck my cunt! Leave my fucking arse alone! Please! Fuck my cunt!" Marie found herself saying.

"Do you want me to fuck your arsehole...it's so tight would love to open you up with my dick!" John asked.

"You're so big you'd hurt me in there. I've never been fucked in the arse before!" Marie said between gasps. He was touching her tight arse hole in a way no one had ever done and now she was caught as the sensations were split from her arse to her pussy and it really excited her. Would he really put his dick up her arse? Would it fit?
