 She looked across the aisle at the man sleeping in the first seat. He was handsome, in a rugged, manly sort of way. There was a lock of hair falling over his forehead, and even in his sleep, he brushed it back. She watched his hand when he lowered it back to his thigh. He had large hands, they looked strong, and his fingers were long. Glancing around her, she saw that no one was paying her any attention. She slid her hand in the waistband of her jeans. The curls from her hair tickled her fingers. Gazing at the stranger's hands, she parted her lips with her middle finger, easing the tip inside. Heat filled her hand as she lightly pushed the finger in and out. She was wet. Shifting in her seat, she gave herself more access, and a better view of the strangers face. She watched the flutter of his eyes, and saw his hand twitch. Her finger went deeper. She imagined his long fingers replacing her own. His lips moved, his tongue flicking out to wet them. The heel of her hand pushed against her clit and she shoved another finger inside with the first. Grinding against her palm, and jamming her fingers as far as she could, she closed her eyes, and pictured his head between her legs, licking the wet juices flowing from her pussy. She moaned, and opened her eyes. He was looking at her. She jerked her hand out of her jeans, and sat up straight. Glancing at him out of the corner of her eye, she saw he was looking at her with a smile. She saw him stand up. Her breath of relief was short lived, when he sat down beside her. 

"Need any help?"

"Help with what?" she asked.

"Your fantasy. I saw you. I wasn't sleeping. I was having a fantasy too."

"You what?"

"Look, we were both thinking about the same thing. Why do it yourself when you can have someone else do it for you? And you won't have to imagine it. It will really be happening."

She tried to keep from blushing. "I don't know what you are talking about."

"Let's just see about that, " he said. His fingers trailed up her leg, from knee to thigh. He laid his palm over her thigh, his fingers brushing against her still warm pussy. "Tell me that doesn't excite you."

"That doesn't excite me, " she said. 

"Sure, " he said. He turned his hand so that it fit between her thighs, pressed against her, and moved his fingers in circular motions. "Try again."

Inhaling deeply, fighting to keep her voice steady, she told him, "That does not excite me."

"Okay, " he said. He put his other hand on her chest, his fingers finding her hard nipple, pushing against her shirt. He rolled his index finger and thumb around the nipple, squeezing it. He lowered his head until his mouth was next to her ear. His breath as he talked, blowing across her neck, made her shiver.

"You are one tough lady. You say you are not excited. Your body tells me different. You nipple is so hard it has to be aching. Your pussy is warming my hand. I can feel you getting wet. You imagined this. So did I. Now what do you think we should do about it?"

"Okay, I give in. What you are doing is exciting me. I don't want you to stop. I want to touch you too. I'm not sure this is the right time or place though. I mean, we are on a train, with other people. What am I saying? I don't even know you!"

"So what? No one is paying any attention to us. We will know each other very well, real soon, if you let it happen." He took his hand from her nipple, picked up one of her hands, and laid it on his swelling cock. "Nice to meet you."

Her fingers curved over him, and she gave a squeeze. He closed his eyes.

"That's what I'm talking about," he said, putting more pressure on her.

She was getting more and more excited. 

"Yeah, baby. You like that, don't you? " she asked, knowing the answer, his cock pushing harder against his jeans.

"Oh, yeah," he moaned softly. He lowered his head and took her nipple in his mouth, through her shirt. His tongue scraped the fabric against her wet nipple, making her squirm. "That's it baby, let yourself go, tell me you like it!"

She bit her lip to stop the groan coming from deep in her stomach, when she felt his teeth sink into her nipple. "That hurts so good," she said through clenched lips.

The train horn sounded, and they jumped apart, startled. They both laughed. 

"Maybe we should move back a little bit, where there are fewer people," she said.

"Lead the way," he told her. He stood up and held out his hand. She was at eye level with his waist and could see his jeans bulging out, his cock clearly outlined. She smiled and put her hand is his, standing up so that her body pressed into him. "Evil witch," he told her, putting his hand on her ass and moving her in front of him.

They walked to the back of the car, never losing touch of each other. She saw a row of five or six seats that were empty, and sat down in one of the middle ones. **** He stood looking at her for a second, before joining her. Sitting, he pulled her leg over his, opening her to his touch. The feel of his hand, lightly running over the texture of her jeans, made her squirm. Placed as she was, she couldn't move much. She couldn't reach him. He laughed at her attempts.

"Patience, this is going to be a long ride."

His fingers drummed over the most sensitive part of her, fingernails scraping, tips tapping out a rhythm all their own. She moaned and placed her hand over his, pushing it harder against her. He shook his head no and put her hand back at her side. He unbuttoned her jeans, slowly pulling the zipper down. He leaned over her and blew his cool breath on the newly exposed area. She shivered and felt her nipples tighten under her shirt. He felt her movements. Putting his hands inside her jeans, cupping her ass in his palms, he slid them and her underwear down to her thighs. Shifting in his seat so that no one walking down the aisle could see anything, he trailed his fingers down her stomach, circling around her mound, but not touching it. Sliding between her thighs, he brought his hand upward, teasing the opening to her warm, already wet pussy. Lowering his head, he flicked her clit with his tongue, at the same time he pushed his finger in as far as it would go. Her hips bucked and she gasped. He wiggled his finger, as if gesturing for her to "come here." She couldn't stop the moan from leaving her throat. He switched places with his hand and tongue. His fingers went to her clit, and his tongue went deep in her pussy. He fucked her with his tongue, just like it was his cock, and rubbed her clit with his fingers, until she came, shuddering and biting her lip to try and stay quiet. He lifted his head long enough to ask if she was ok. She could only nod and smile. Satisfied, he again went to work on her. She was so sensitive, it didn't take long for her to come again. 

In one swift movement, he undid his jeans, and moved so he could place his cock at the head of her pussy. She was so wet, that with the smallest push, his head was inside. She instinctively pushed against him. He shoved forward until he was buried inside her, his balls against her ass. She met him thrust for thrust, the best she could. Knowing she couldn't move well, in the position he had put her in, he pulled out and sat in his seat. Gripping her hips, he pulled her onto his lap, facing away from him. He used one hand to guide his dick back into her. As she sank down on him, he shifted the hand to her tit, squeezing the nipple and rolling it between his fingers. She rolled her hips, lifting up and down. She could see the tops of peoples heads in the seats in front of her. Closing her eyes, she imagined they were all watching. Just as she got into the fantasy, he started thrusting up at her. She could feel it in the pit of her stomach. The tingling started working through her. He thrust up, holding her in the air, and pulled on her clit. She came hard, leaning forward, her pussy gripping him tight. The contractions around his cock were more than he could handle. She felt his hot sperm shooting inside her, felt him jerking and jumping, extending her climax. Slowly she slid back into her own seat, both of them breathing hard. They straightened their clothes, he put his arm around her, and winked.

"Rest now, we'll go for round two in a while."

She awoke to the gentle sway of the train, the movement increased by the rise and fall of the chest her head was laying on. Opening her eyes, she saw jeans, unbuttoned, and half unzipped. Memories of what she had done filled her head. 

He knew the instant she was awake. He felt her body tense inside the arm he still had around her. He hadn't been able to sleep long, too filled with awe at what he had just participated in. He was by no means a virgin, if anything, he'd had more than his fair share of women. Never had any affected him as strong as she had. It wasn't just sex. It had completely rocked his world.