 I took great care in getting ready before boarding the plane. We have never met before in real life, just chatted on line. I knew he liked my eyes, my full lips and my well endowed chest. I played up my brown eyes, painted my lips a light red that made them look like I had been kissed hard and long, put on a low cut top that showed my chest quite well, and a short leather skirt with no panties. I wanted to be ready to go. From the looks on the faces of the men as I boarded the plane, I knew I had achieved the look I wanted.

I was so nervous meeting him for the very first time. God, I was actually squirming in my seat. When I landed, he was waiting for me, grabbed me and kissed me good and hard. I was ready to melt then and there. When he asked me what I wanted to do, I told him that I wanted to make love to him in as many ways and as many times as possible. We could not have left the airport faster.

We drove to this beautiful secluded area with a lake. One look at him and I knew he was as ready as I was. I reached over and stroked him through his jeans until we arrived. I thought this was going to be fast and furious. Like wham bam since we were both so ready. He shocked me by pulling out a blanket and a picnic basket. We lay down on the ground and kissed for what seemed liked hours. His lips upon mine were hot and hungry. Running his tongue over them then slipping it in my mouth. All I could think of was riding my Cowboy.

I was so wet I could hardly wait. He slowly undressed me and laid me back on the blanket. 

From the picnic basket he grabbed a bottle of wine. He poured some across my tits and slowly licked it off. He did this several times and I was getting so aroused with each drop. I had my first orgasm just from the feel of his tongue on my perky tits. 

I was so lost in the sensation of him sucking my tits that I hadn't noticed his hand was probing my clit. My body was quivering and wanting more. At this point he gives me a deep passionate kiss and he was off to eat my pussy. His tongue found its mark darting about my clit causing it to become even more swollen and sensitive.

"I am going to eat you until you beg me to stop" He said quietly and with that his tongue was deep inside my pussy, slurping every bit of juice I had to offer.

"Finger fuck me!" I yelled and he drove two fingers hard into my dripping wet pussy while sucking on my clit.

My orgasm came fast and furious and I screamed with pleasure, "Don't stop!" 

"I must taste your delicious nectar!" he said as he began eating my juices that now flowed freely from my pussy.

I was at the point where I thought I would not be able to take any more. That's when he pulled out the strawberries and began to run it across my body. Could it be possible that I was going to have yet another orgasm? He took his time, he than ran the strawberry across my pussy and clit. I arched my back from the sensation. He then rubbed the strawberry across my lips and put it into his own mouth and ate it. Every inch of my body ached to have him touch me.

I took the bottle of wine and began to give him the same treatment. I poured it over his rock hard cock. Then slipped my hot mouth over him, I heard him groan and he drove further into my mouth. Given his size, I took every inch in my mouth and slowly slid my mouth up and down his cock. I could tell he was holding back he was as ready as I was. 

I straddled his hips and slid my soaking wet pussy down over his cock. He filled me and we slowly began to rock in rhythm together. He began to stroke my nipples and I continued to ride his cock. This was one cowboy that could give a wild ride. It wasn't long before we both were cumming. I knew that this was going to be a wonderful weekend.

We then headed to his Ranch the place where we are going to spend the weekend. Once there I was taken back by its beauty. In the distance you could see the beautiful view of the Mountains. He then took me to see his prize winning horses. Then grabbing my hand he led me into the Ranch, we couldn't keep our hands off each other. We kissed as he pulled up my top and licked my tits while he fingered me. We undressed and climbed into bed together. We spent some time touching each other and we fell asleep wrapped in each other's arms.

When I woke up, he was still sleeping. I went to take a shower and the simple act of rubbing soap on my body enlivened every nerve and had me hot and wet again. I was getting ready to finish my shower and go wake him up when the door to the shower opened and he stepped in. 

Looking at his glorious body again set my body on fire. I ran my hands down his body and grabbed the cock that had brought me so much pleasure. I began to stroke him and saw the smile spread across his face and his head fell back. He grew harder and harder in my hand. I sped up my rhythm until he was on the edge, then I slowed down. He leaned forward and dropped his mouth to my tits. His tongue flicked my nipples and he began to nibble on them. 

He had me cumming once again and I grabbed his cock. He took this as his sign that I was ready. He backed me up against the shower wall, and slowly lowered me onto his cock. It was becoming easier to take him in now, but the pleasure did not decrease. I took every inch and every thrust with great pleasure. He went back to licking and nibbling on my tits and dropped one hand to my clit. The combination of sensations was more than I could handle and I came on his cock, squeezing every inch of him. Just when I thought I could not stay upright another moment, he came and held me tight. We held each other until we were able to catch our breath. By this point we need a real shower. Once we had showered and dried off, we headed back to the bed. 

We spent most of the weekend there and continued our activities. We did venture back out to the lake. Where we did some fishing and later on went skinny dipping.

By the time the weekend was over, my muscles were sore and I loved every minute of it. Time came where I had to go back home. One thing is for sure, I will be back to see my Cowboy again!