 Part 1 

"Hey Lilah, need a lift." The handsome young man called out from his burgundy sports car.

"Hey Rob! That'd be nice. Thanks." She said as she walked over and took the door he had opened for her. He had seen the sexy red-head around town several times and knew that she was a good friend of a friends girlfriend, but he really didn't know her that well.

"Where you headed?" He asked throwing the car into gear as she buckled her seat belt.

"Honestly, anywhere!" She said settling into the plush seats. Rob was incredibly attractive, and very mature for his 21 years. But then again his career had shown him more things than many men see in a lifetime.

"Anywhere huh? Everything all right?" He asked concerned.

"Yeah, I just found out my boyfriend was cheating on me and decided I needed to take a walk. And before I knew it I was out here and too freaking tired to walk back home. I'm really glad you stopped. I don't even have my ID or anything on me."

"Damn, sorry about your boyfriend, that sucks."

"Yeah and apparently so does she! Better than I do, Mark said." Lilah said sarcastically, hanging her head as her cheeks burned red with anger.

"Umm, well...he said that to you!" he told her looking at her as they pulled up to a stop sign.

"Yep, I walked in on them going at it on my sofa. The bitch didn't even stop, when I walked in! Mark had the nerve to pat her on the head and say, 'what do you expect, I like hers better than yours.' and then went back to enjoying her." She said venomously.

"No fuckin' way! What a dick! I'm really sorry Lilah, that was a shitty thing to do. Are you sure you want to go home?" he asked still looking at her. He raised his sunglasses up to his forehead, and glanced at her, with complete amazement in his eyes. 

"I don't know what I want anymore. I swear if the SOB is still at my apartment I'll kill him."

"Maybe going home isn't such a good idea. Murder isn't the best way to deal with this. How about going for a drive. Yeah, let's go find somewhere to open this baby up!" He told her turning his car onto the highway. "Preferably somewhere I won't get another ticket! I can't afford another one." He laughed. "You game?"

"Sure why not. I don't have anything to go home to right now. And maybe some speed will do me good. Thanks Rob."

"No problem hun." Rob took off down the highway heading further and further into the country. He turned the radio up and blasted a local country station. With the windows down her hair blew wildly in the wind. Rob couldn't help but steal a glance at the woman beside him. She was pissed off, that he could tell, but he couldn't help but notice that as his speedometer climbed, so did the little peaks of her nipples. It was hot out, so he could only imagine she was getting turned on. 

He loved the feeling of flying down a flat stretch of road, but seeing her obvious excitement, was certainly making it hard for him to concentrate on the road. He watched her out of the corner of his eye and saw that her eyes were closed, and her head thrown back. God but she looked sexy. Not wanting to get distracted by her arousal, he slowed down looking for a nice deserted looking road.

Noticing the decrease in the little sports cars' speed, Lilah opened her eyes, and looked at Rob. "Every thing ok?" She asked totally unaware of how she looked. 

"Umm yeah, just looking for a nice empty road." Rob said after clearing his throat. She looked at him, her storm gray eyes bright with excitement. Her hair was wind blown and her nipples were still hard. Man, she was surprised she hadn't reacted to them, they looked like marbles tucked under her t-shirt. She had that great freshly, fucked look. Man he really shouldn't be thinking about her like this. But he certainly couldn't help it, with her looking so utterly fuckable.

"Hey what about that one?" Lilah said pointing to a dirt road off to the left.

Rob signaled the turn as he said, "Yeah that one looks good. Are you feeling better? Not wanting to kill anybody anymore?" He said with a deep sexy laugh.

"No more murderous intentions, nothing like the wind in your hair to free a girls mind." She said closing her eyes again. Rob drove for a few miles making sure the road was empty, as he had hoped. There was nothing but what appeared to be grazing land for miles on either side of the road. There weren't any houses or cross roads as far as the eye could see. This was the perfect road to open his car up and give Lilah the ride of her life, hell and maybe he'd get a ride too. Damn where had that thought come from. He was just trying to help the girl deal with her asshole boyfriend, not jump her.

"This road is great. You ready for a ride?" He asked as he pulled the car to a stop. He looked at her, and smiled at the grin of anticipation on her pretty face. He watched as she scooted back in her seat, sitting up straighter. Her actions caused her breasts to thrust out more. God she had great tits. They sat high and firm on her chest, her v-neck tee cut low enough that if he leaned forward just a little he got a great shot of her cleavage.

He laughed to himself, when he realized he was jealous of the necklace she wore. The green glass pendant nestled seductively in the valley of her creamy swells. Damn lucky rock, he thought.

"I am so ready!" She said turning to catch his gaze. He couldn't help but notice the tiniest bit of apprehension in those gray eyes.

"Don't worry I'll be careful. If it gets too much just tell me and I'll stop." He told her trying to put her completely at ease.

She laughed at him, but smiled warmly. "You're taking me for a drive, not my virginity!" She laughed again. Rob laughed along with her, glad she couldn't read his thoughts.

"Then let's go!" He said as he slammed the car into gear. Red dirt flew up behind his wheels and they spun before grabbing the road and shooting the car forward like a rocket. Faster and faster they rode as the little car ate up the ground beneath it. Rob spared a quick glance at Lilah before returning his eyes to the road. He half wished he hadn't. The look on her face was one of pure delight, her eyes were closed again and her head, once more thrown back. If she hadn't been laughing, he would have sworn she was about to have an orgasm. He glanced at the speedometer, which read 95. He eased the car slowly to a stop, before turning to her. 

Lilah was in heaven. She'd never been that fast before. It was exhilarating. Hell it was damn near orgasmic! A quick glance down at her shirt gave her the proof of her excitement. Her nipples stood hard and prominent under her light green tee. Her breathing was shallow as her heart rate slowly returned to normal.

"Oh my god, that was so much fun!" She told him as she met his sparkling gaze. A shiver of desire ran down her spine. Glancing down she watched as his pointer finger traced circles across the top of his gear shift. She couldn't help but imagine those lazy circles running around her aroused nipples. 

Without thinking she leaned forward and closed the gap between them. Her moist lips found his as his hand came up, and his fingers tangled in her long red hair. She moaned in delight as the tip of his tongue traced her lips seeking entry. She parted her lips and his silky tongue slipped in her mouth. It was his turn to groan when she captured his tongue and sucked hard. Glad he had put the car in park, he brought his left hand over to grab her breast. He found her nipple and rolled it between his thumb and first finger.

She once more moaned making his cock to jump against his boxers. He reluctantly pulled back. She whimpered in protest. Her grey eyes stared at him, confused.

"I just want to make sure you really want to do this?" He asked tracing a finger over her lips, which were slightly puffy from his assault on them. "I don't want you to regret doing this, or worse, you to be doing this 'cause you're pissed at your boyfriend."

"First of all as far as I'm concerned Mark is my ex. He was the moment I walked in and saw that blonde bitch's mouth on his cock. Secondly I don't do anything unless I want to." She told him, deadly serious. "And right now there is nothing I want more than you, right here, right now!" To punctuate her comment she slid a manicured hand across his thigh to stroke his hard shaft under his jeans. 

"Maybe we should go back to my place... I don't have any condoms with me. Not to mention my car isn't exactly big enough to..."

"How 'bout the hood?" She asked keeping her hand moving slowly over the hard bulge in his lap.

"What?" He choked out, getting lost in the pleasure of her strokes.

"You know, bend me over the hood and fuck me till I scream." 

Rob reached down and took her hand off his cock, and brought it to his lips. He placed a soft kiss on her palm. "You certainly are demanding aren't you." He laughed. 'It sounds great, but incase you haven't noticed we're out in the open."

"True but it's starting to get dark, and it looks like there are some woods up ahead, maybe we can find a place to pull off the road there."

"Works for me, but if we don't find a place, you're coming back to my place so I can fuck you in a bed like normal people." He laughed as he put the car in drive and headed towards the wooded area about a mile or so up the road. There was a small road that led into the woods. They pulled off and parked. Getting out of the car they met at the hood. The few minutes drive had caused him to soften slightly. Lilah ran her hands across the fly of his jeans, excitedly. 

"Mark wasn't into anything but missionary. So I just want you to know this is new for me." She said stroking him.

"Suck me." he told her tangling his fingers once more in her hair.

"Are you sure, Mark didn't think I was any good." She said hesitantly.

"If you suck dick like you kiss, then Mark was an idiot. Let me be the judge." He said as he pushed her gently to her knees before him. She reached out and opened his fly and pulled his jeans and boxers down. Rob leaned back against the warm hood of his car. Lilah was still self conscious about her ability, and was stalling. Rob gently but firmly pulled her face against his cock. She opened her mouth and took him inside. He groaned as her wet warmth enveloped him. She was still hesitant as he rubbed her scalp tenderly. "Don't think about him! You're with me, not him. Now suck my cock."

Lilah turned her face upwards to meet his fiery gaze. His mouth was turned up into a fierce smile, and his eyes nearly glowed with desire. Until earlier that day, Lilah had never doubted her ability to give a blow job.

She'd never had any complaints before today. Maybe there wasn't anything wrong with her after all. Lilah closed her eyes and set about giving Rob the finest blow job of his life. 

She started with simple back and forth strokes, as she pulled back so only the head remained in her mouth, she flicked her tongue across the tip. She took his shaft in her hands and slowly stroked him as she concentrated her licks on the head of his cock. She rolled her tongue around to tease the sensitive underside, before sliding it up to brush firm strokes across the opening. She stopped for a moment to watch a bead of precum ooze out. She lapped it off and grinned as another bead replaced it. She took the head back into her mouth and sucked hard, causing him to groan and pull her hair tightly in his hands. She grimaced in mild pain, and he immediately loosened his grip.

"Sorry." He managed to gasp out, before she returned to sucking his shaft. Slowly she slid her mouth down along his hard length, until her nose was buried in his curls. Opening her mouth just a little wider, she slid her tongue out under his cock to trace it across his sac. "Oh my god!" He shouted as his testicles tightened and he shot his load into her mouth.

She swallowed his cum as it spurted out. There was so much of it some of it slipped from between her lips and ran down her chin. She gave him a few more hard sucks, making him groan even louder. Satisfied he was done cumming, Lilah pulled back and wiped her chin on the back of her hand. She stood up and looked at him while he stood there with his head thrown back. He leaned forward and watched as she used her tongue to wipe his cum off the back of her hand. His cock twitched as he watched her pull a scoop of his creamy cum into her mouth and swallow. She repeated this action over and over again until her hand was clean. 

"Is this how you normally give head?" Rob asked her once he could breathe normally.

"I didn't do anything different." Lilah told him with a shrug of her shoulders. "Why, was it bad?" She asked, catching her bottom lips with her teeth.

"Are you kidding! That was fucking insane! Your boyfriend is an idiot! I've never cum like that just from getting head. You're amazing."

"Thank you." Lilah said with a blush.

"But hey it's my turn now." Rob told he as he pulled her into his arms. His hands skimmed across her ass, as he traced the seams of her jeans. He turned her around and gently pushed her against the hood. He pulled his boxers and jeans back up and buttoned them.

"Huh, I thought we were gonna fuck?" Lilah asked confused.

"Oh we will but you deserve just as much pleasure as I got. Lie back and relax. Let Rob take you for a ride." He told her full of youthful arrogance. She did as he asked and stretched out across the hood of his sports car. Rob slid the button open and drew the zipper down slowly across her panties. He grabbed the lacy waistband of the white panties she wore with them. She raised her hips to allow him to slide them down to her shapely ankles. He turned slightly to pull them completely off. He quickly folded and rolled them, panties in the middle and handed it to her to use as a pillow. She slid her jeans beneath her neck and looked at him with quiet anticipation on her face.

"You don't need to do this you know! I'm ready for you now." She told him quietly.

"Why wouldn't I want to. You just gave me the best blow job of my life, it's the least I can do. That's the way its supposed to be done. Oh wait, let me guess, Mark took but didn't give!?! Fuckin' dick."

"Yeah." She said quietly, turning her face to stare off into the woods.

"Yet another reason for me to hate the guy. Has anyone been down here before?" Rob asked as he set his hand gently on Lilah's mound. He slipped his middle finger between her lips and moved it gently from side to side.

Lilah shook her head 'no', not trusting herself to speak. She suddenly felt inadequate. She took a deep breath before verbally answering him. "Mark was only my second lover, neither he nor my first felt it was necessary. I love giving oral and I am always wet when I finish. So neither one felt the need to go down on me."

"Baby I'm sorry, they were both jerks. Let me make up for them. Now lay back down and close your eyes." She did as he asked and she felt his warm hands slid up her shapely legs. When he reached her thighs he parted them gently, opening her to him. She heard his sharp intact of breath as he saw the proof of her arousal glistening on her pussy. It was then her turn to gasp as she felt his mouth make contact with her pussy. His tongue traced long slow lines across her flesh sending chills throughout her body. He blew streams of warm air across her pussy as he held her lips open. Lilah groaned as the warm air caressed her clit. She cried out when his tongue touched her. 

Rob teased her mercilessly, as he fluttered his way around her clit, circling it, coming closer and closer but never actually touching it. He grinned as he watched her back arch, her hips straining for his touch. Her hands fisted uncontrollably as she tried to find something to grip. "Rub your tits for me Lilah." He told her as he dipped his head to her box once more. He watched her though as she slowly brought her hands up and lightly ran her palms across her straining nipples. His tongue dove into her wetness as she began to brush her fingers back and forth across her nipples.

God Lilah felt like such a slut, neither of her exs had ever made her feel this way. His teasing was driving her mad, she felt certain she was going to explode. She liked the way he told her how to pleasure him, or herself. Strong without being forceful, demanding without being insistent. Her exs had been takers, she would lie there beneath them, waiting for them to finish. She had never really enjoyed sex with either one. She was sure she enjoyed giving oral sex, mainly because she was in control. But with Rob it was different. He gave her just as much pleasure as she gave him, if not more so. Suddenly all the thoughts scattered from her head when Rob slid a finger inside her, as he mouthed her clit.

"Oh god." She cried as he slid his finger in and out mimicking sex. She groaned in ecstacy when he slid a second finger in beside the first.

"You are so fucking tight. Will you come for me?" He asked her as he bent his fingers in a 'come here' motion. He caressed the upper inner walls of her pussy. He'd heard about the G-spot but hadn't found it in practice yet, so he was surprised when his fingers brushed against the jelly bean sized lump. He thought something was wrong until Lilah practically jumped off the hood of his car screaming in delight. He continued to rub the spot and was amazed that it seemed to grow larger as he did. Lilah settled back down on the hood but kept gasping and moaning. It was all over though when he brought his mouth back to her clit. He took her button in his mouth and sucked hard as he rubbed the lump inside her. Lilah screamed out his name as she literally gushed fluid into his hand. It looked a lot like his cum only thinner. She tossed her head from side to side as she moaned. Rob rubbed her G-spot a few more times and grinned like the Cheshire cat as more of her cum poured out of her pussy. After a few seconds of rubbing she reached down and grabbed his hand in hers.

"No more please." She gasped out. She looked at him and offered him a weak smile before dropping her head back to the solid surface of the hood.

Rob glanced down at his shirt and smiled at the splashes of wetness that covered it. He wiped his hand off and pulled his shirt off. He couldn't help inhaling her scent as he pulled the moist shirt off. She smelled sweet, and sexy.

For once he was glad someone had suggested keeping some extra shirts in his car for work. He used the one he was wearing to gently clean Lilah, before reaching in and popping the trunk. He tossed the wet shirt onto the back seat and grabbed a fresh t-shirt and put it on. 

When he was done he walked back around to the hood of the car where Lilah still lay, spread invitingly open. Her eyes were closed and her breathing was even. I'll be damned he thought, she's asleep. He laughed to himself before gently waking her.