 My my, Mr. Smythe, I was so happy to find you were satisfied with our services. We just aim to please, sugar. And since you're back here on my Texas spread (wink wink) we might as well get Daddy's cadillac & I'll take you around & show you the sights. 


Come on darlin' you take the keys cause my hands.... um will be busy ya know? That's right, sugar, turn right here onto this country lane, & set the cruise control & relax. Whew!! It seems awful warm here now doesn't it? I think maybe if i unbutton this shirt I might get cooler. Yes, that's much better. I do love the feel of the wind on my nipples. In fact, if I wet my finger & rub my nipples, see! They get even harder. 

Watch it darlin', you nearly went off the road. Well I might as well pull off this shirt completely. You don't mind if I get out of these tight jeans, too, do you? I really need to get comfortable so I'll just slide them right off. Why thank you sir, I'm particularly proud of my ass & thighs. I believe a woman's ass should be tight enough to bounce a coin off of, do you agree? And her thighs should be milky white & soft, but strong enough to grip a gentleman's head between them when he is paying his respects to her pussy. 

In case it gets a little chilly I better keep this black silky thong on for a while. We'll decide later if it's warm enough to remove it. Aaaah now that I'm comfortable, how about you, sweetie? Oh dear, I'm afraid there is a terrible swelling going on in your pants! Let Susan help you out. Let's just unbuckle your belt, unzip your pants & slide my hand in. Oooooh, my my my heat AND swelling. Dr. Susan must take drastic measures before it's too late. 

First let's release the patient from the confines of your pants, Mr. Smythe. Goodness, he is a large fellow, isn't he. Red, engorged, throbbing, hot & the head so swollen it's purple. I just can't take my eyes off your friend. Would you mind if I stroked him? What a lovely feeling cock. It's gonna take both hands to encircle it. Now let me go slowly up & down squeezing your amazing shaft. I can't resist, I will have to put my tongue right there on the tip where cum is oozing. 

Yummy cummy. Flicking my tongue all around that swollen head. Licking up & down the underside of your cock. Slowly filling my mouth with your big beautiful cock. It slides right down into my throat as your hand presses my head down on it. Let me lay down here on the seat with my head in your lap while you drive. That way you can see me sucking your cock & my wet little pussy is right there handy if you want to finger me. Ooooh yeah, baby slide that finger under the elastic of my panties & find my clit & pinch & pull it. Watch how it quivers & convulses as you play with it. 

My soft white flesh is in sharp contrast to the red leather seat where I am spread out squirming as you continue to tickle & torture my little button. I begin making little moaning sounds as you slide your finger down further to find my sweet little honeypot. You push 1 finger into my hole , two, then three & finally four. I gasp as you invade my furry mound & turn on my back to give you more access to my cunt. I place 1 leg on the dash of the car & sling the other leg over the seat. I am wide-open for your exploration. But I make sure I can still keep your cock in my mouth. 

You now stop the car since you are in no condition to drive with a raging hard-on that has my mouth wrapped around it sliding it in & out. Once the car is stopped you pull your cock out of my mouth as I whimper in protest. You push the seat back & pull me into your lap. My hips rotate as I feel your hard cock pressing into my ass cheeks. You kiss me & your mouth trails down my throat to my pert little tits sitting so high & firm, the nipples quivering in expectation of your tongue. 

You gently pull a nipple into your mouth & suck it as your hand returns to the sweet muff between my legs. You push my legs apart & plunge your fingers into the molten volcano hidden there. My back arches as you force all your fingers into my snatch. My hips buck & my pelvis rises to meet your hand as you finger fuck me. "Oh baby" I moan, please fuck me baby. I need that hard cock right nowl" You open your door & you lift me out of car & around to the trunk where you lay me across it with my legs dangling helplessly. You slide your finger under the thong & pull it out of the opening between my butt cheeks & you pull them off. You now spread my legs & pull them up on each side of your hips. I am no wide open for your assault. My pussy is at the perfect heighth for you to slide your rod in . 

My body is on fire & needs your cock so bad. I push my ass back to meet your cock as it slides in & out & my moaning intensifies into screams as I cum drenching your cock in sticky pussy juice. I am still convulsing from my climax, when you slide your cock out of my pussy & explore the tender tight bunghole you can see. You rub my cum on your dick all over the tiny hole. 

I begin to whimper in fear & expectation. I try to squirm around to avoid your cock's intent, but you hold me tight as you make your first probe. I groan as you begin slowly to invade my ass. But as you continue your push into me my groans turn to mewls of pleasure as you begin pushing deep into me & nearly all the way out. My pussy is so tight it is hard to pull your cock but my asshole envelops it as you push in. The constriction on your cock & the sight of my round little ass & spread legs finally send you over the edge & you begin to cum in floods. My pussy is overflowing with your river of cum & it trickles back out & down my thighs as you continue to fuck me . Now you are fucking hard, slamming your cock in & out of my slit as you continue to cum. Soon you have completely spent your self & slide out of my dripping pussy. You turn me over & lift me up & we embrace as we both try to catch our breath & slow our heart rate down.

Well, I don't know if it helped you, but I'm much more relaxed now, Sugar. Sweet dreams.