 Chapter One:

The rails stretched miles ahead as the California Zephyr rumbled eastward. I secured my seat on the train a couple of months ago. I'm off to Denver to visit friends from my high school days. We reconnected via Facebook last year and made plans to reunite in the future. The future is now. I boarded the train in Emeryville California after driving up from my home in Pismo Beach. Sure, I could fly from SFO to Denver in a matter of two hours, but there is something more appealing about spending time traversing beautiful terrain out West.

Right now, the sights are spectacular outside. This stretch of track between Sacramento and Reno winds through the snow-covered Sierra. Mile after mile of tree lined hills and valleys keep my mind focused on nature at its best. I sit here switching between reading the latest James Patterson novel and taking in the sights beyond. A light snow is falling.

This is my home for the next thirty hours. I opted for the less expensive coach seat on the upper level, rather than a private berth. The seat reclines with a foot rest, so I should be able to catch a few ZZZ's along the way. Right now, I need to stretch my feet, so I make my way to the Observation car where the windows are supersized and extend overhead.

I walk through two railcars before joining other patrons in the Observation car. There are several high back swivel chairs to choose from. I select one near a table for my book and drink. With my feet propped up on the window seal, I sit back and enjoy the view. The large evergreens with branches weighed down by snow provide an endless picture of beauty. As the miles pass, I read chapter after chapter of my novel while I remain captivated by the scenery. Just as I turn another page, I hear a soft voice.

"Excuse me, is this seat taken?"

Looking up, I am met with a beautiful smile and sparkling blue eyes. This lady is tall and pretty with auburn hair. She is wearing a sweatshirt that reads Grandmas Are Cool. I surmise she must be the Grandma, although she looks much younger and fills out the sweatshirt quite nicely.

"No, no, not at all. Please sit. It's nice to share this incredible view with a fellow traveler."

"I see you are reading James Patterson. I love his Alex Cross collection, I have every book. In paperback, of course. Paperbacks are always easier to travel with."

I smile and lay my hardcover book on the table, wondering how I should respond. I opt for the gentleman's response and hold my hand out to greet this lovely, opinionated lady. She swivels her chair towards me and grabs my hand.

"Hi, I'm Rob. It's very nice to meet you."

"Likewise, my name is Karen."

I hold Karen's hand for a bit longer than is appropriate for meeting a stranger for the first time. Her grip soft and gentle and feels warm to my touch. Maybe I should get to know Karen, since we are traveling in the same direction.

"Well Karen, I do love reading Patterson's novels. They are easy reads with short chapters, and everyone has been a real page-turner. You can't put them down."

She smiles and seems to want to carry on this conversation. Lucky for me, because Karen is very beautiful; hair cut short; full, pouty lips and narrow hips. I'm betting she is very kissable. I try not to stare at her chest, but you know me, I love big boobs. Sitting this close to her, I can see they stretch her sweatshirt in the right direction.

"You're so right. When I pick up a Cross book, I usually must finish it within a couple of days. I'll spend long evenings curled up in bed, reading chapter after chapter."

I create a mental picture of her curled up in bed, with those long, willowy legs wrapped around me. Yeah, I know I shouldn't go there.

"Where are you headed, Karen?"

"I'm booked all the way to Chicago. My daughter and son-in-law live there and have a precious six-month-old girl, Ellie." She is a darling and this is the first time I will see her. Grandma is going to spoil her."

"I guessed you were a grandma when I saw your sweatshirt. How wonderful."

"Yes, what do you think? I found it on Amazon. I don't usually buy clothes on-line because you never know how they will fit. Will it be too tight, or too loose? But, I just had to have this. So, do you think it fits me OK?"

Karen throws her shoulders back and thrusts her chest in my direction. How am I supposed to keep a straight face when a sexy lady pushes her tits out in my direction? I take a quick glance up and down and then focus my stare into her gorgeous blue eyes. I can tell she is definitely well endowed.

"I think it's perfect Karen. Although, you look way too young to be a grandma."

Karen blushes a bit, "Oh stop that Rob. So, where are you headed today?"

"I'm off to Denver to stay with some friends for the next couple of weeks. They promise to show me a good time, since this is my first visit. I live in Pismo Beach and don't venture out of California all that much anymore. I used to travel quite a bit all around the West, but never made it to Denver."

"That sounds like fun. I love Pismo Beach. Do you go to Avila Beach, I hear it's a fun place?"

"Yep, I've been there many times. Are you traveling with someone today?"

"No, just myself. I lost my husband to a heart condition twenty years ago and never remarried. I raised my daughter as a single mom. I never had the urge to remarry, I guess I'm just too darn independent. How about you, Rob?"

"I'm traveling alone as well. I've been divorced for many years. As I said, I traveled often with my job and that led to our breakup. We just seemed to drift apart. I guess the last straw was a fling I had with a co-worker in Phoenix. We had traveled for over ten years together and spent more time with each other than we did with our spouses. I am sorry for the ending, but I feel good today and enjoy my life."

Karen and I continue to talk, trading stories and life history. Before we realize it, the train pulls into the Reno station just after 4:15 PM.

"Rob, I have a seven o'clock reservation in the dining car. I would love for you to join me for dinner. Please say yes."

"Thank you, I would love to join you. Shall we meet in the dining car?"

"Well, where are you sitting on the train?"

"I'm two cars back in the fifth row."

"What a nice coincidence, I'm in the same railcar, however, I have one of the sleepers at the end. It's a two-day trip to Chicago, so I want to get some restful sleep. Let's walk back together, I need a little nap before dinner. I'll come get you at 6:45 and we can make our way back to the Dining car."

I grab my book and follow Karen to our railcar. We dodge a few people who are trying to depart. I'm sure they are in a hurry to get to the gambling tables in downtown Reno. Our car contains 20 rows of seats with two seats on each side of the aisle. There are four sleeper cabins at one end of the railcar. Two on each side. The cabins are separated by a common wall. Once we are back in our car, Karen turns and gives me a big hug, pressing her full bosom into my chest.

She opens the door to her compartment, "This is me. I'll come find you when I'm ready. I hope you'll be able to rest a bit, I know I need some."

We part ways and I walk back to my seat at the far end. I slide into Row 5 and raise the footrest to comfort my tired body. The train rumbles out of Reno and heads down the track. The next stretch is less scenic as it incorporates barren land and salt flats. The sun begins to set as I contemplate my next adventure. The gentle movement of the passenger car lulls me to sleep.

Chapter Two:

A small nudge stirs me from my dream state. It takes a moment for me to focus on my surroundings. I feel like I am still dreaming as I recognize Karen standing over me. She is dressed in a smart looking black dress, with a hem line cut at mid-thigh. She bends over and taps me on the shoulder a second time. My eyes open wide as I stare down a low-cut dress with two breasts threatening to spill out. Karen displays a lot of cleavage, hopefully for my benefit. She flashes a knowing smile.

"Hey sleepyhead, would you care to join a lady for dinner?"

I raise my eyes back up to meet hers. Even, even in the dim light of the passenger cabin, her blue eyes sparkle.

"Karen, you are simply beautiful. You've changed clothes, and I'm not exactly dressed to be seen in the same company."

"Don't be silly, you look just fine. Besides you don't the luxury of a private cabin, so I didn't expect you to change. Come along, our evening awaits."

I lower the footrest and stand, assisted by a tug of Karen's hand. We stand close together while I gather myself. Karen looks fetching. Standing straight, her low-cut top is even more evident. I assume a pushup bra is forcing her boobs up and in, creating a deep valley of smooth skin. A heart shaped pendant sits neatly between her round alabaster globes. I take Karen's hand in mine and lead her to the Dining car.

Karen and I speak in hushed tones as we move from car to car. Many people are using this opportunity to rest and rejuvenate before evening festivities. We arrive and are greeted by a gentleman dressed in a crisp white shirt with red bow tie. Karen provides her name and we are quickly seated in the middle of the room next to the window. The outside sky has turned dark. Stars up in the heavens begin to twinkle. A flickering candle on our table provides romantic atmosphere, as the overhead lights are dimmed.

We are served by an attendant waiter who provides menus and the daily special. I request a bottle of red wine to enjoy with our meal, which is delivered quickly. Karen and I toast the good fortune of meeting one another. We chat amicably as we wait for our food.

"So, Rob, what type of job had you traveling all around the West?"

"I was an IT Specialist with a large supermarket chain. I would travel to stores updating computer hardware and software. It was a perfect situation as most of the work took place on Friday evening and Saturday morning. Since we were required to be on-site first thing Monday morning, we had the entire weekend to explore the local sights and sample wonderful restaurants, all on the company's dime. We met many wonderful employees, many of whom remain good friends to this day."

"That is a nice situation. I told you, I raised my daughter as a single mom. Fortunately, my husband was a good provider and savvy investor, so I didn't have to find permanent employment after he passed. I was able to concentrate my efforts toward my daughter. I did work from time to time at my girlfriend's lingerie store. She paid me well, but the real bonus was that I was able to buy lots of lingerie at steep discount. I have a drawerful of frilly things, satin thongs, silk stockings, lace camisoles. I'm wearing one of her designer bras, I think you noticed."

"Yes, I did."

Thankfully, our meal is delivered, so I don't make a complete fool of myself asking about her wardrobe. Questions like, satin thongs, well they must look very sexy on you? Are they easy to remove? Or, how do you ever contain those mammoth breasts in a lace camisole?

We dig in and remain silent for a few moments as we sample our food. I try my best to meet her eyes with mine, but I do find myself looking directly at Karen's tits.

"That's a lovely pendant you're wearing, Karen."

"Why thank you. It's a birthday gift from my daughter. How's your steak?"

I let her know it's cooked to perfection and ask about her dinner. We continue to chat through the main course and then order a dessert that compliments the red wine. The waiter lets us know we are free to stay as long as we like, and there's no need to give up our table to another guest.

"So, Rob, what keeps you busy as a retired gentleman?"

I detail my post-work lively hood. I tell Karen all about my walking club and biking adventures. I show her pictures of the travel trailer on my iPhone and relate the many places I've camped, including Sequoia National Park.

"Ooh, I love Sequoia and Kings Canyon. Maybe I should talk you into inviting me along on one of your trips. That might be quite an adventure."

"I bet we could turn it into one for the ages."

Earlier today, I found out that Karen lives in Santa Clara, in the first house her husband and she bought back in 1978. The house she raised her daughter in.

"Do you ever get down my way, Karen? It's not that far from the Bay Area."

"I do, every so often. Although more and more, I seem to stay around Monterey and Big Sur when I travel south."

"Well, I think we should plan a camping trip to Big Sur. I know several parks in the area where we can stay. There is a lot of great hiking and the secluded beaches are beautiful. My trailer is perfect for two people and the queen size bed is so comfortable."

I stop myself in mid-sentence and realize I may have just stepped over the line with my ramblings. Fortunately, Karen grabs my hand in hers and flashes a big smile.

"That would be delicious. Let's make plans."

Karen and I finish the bottle of wine with our dessert, three fabulously rich profiteroles. I look at my watch and realize it's already 9:30. The past two and one-half hours just flew by. I pay the dinner bill after a prolonged protest by Karen. I allow her to leave the tip. Our waiter thanks us on the way out and bids us a good evening.

I hold Karen's hand as we make our way back to our rail car. I'm sure we will sleep well tonight as the gentle sway of the train has a soothing effect. Once we are back to our railcar, Karen turns to me and plants a soft kiss on my cheek.

"Thank you so much for dinner, Rob. You really didn't have to do that. I'm ready for bed, so I guess I'll say goodnight. I hope your chair is comfortable enough for sleeping."

"I'll be fine. I'm sure I'll sleep through the night. Take care and I'll see you in the morning. Perhaps we can have breakfast together before we hit Denver?"

Karen unlocks her sleeper compartment and responds, "Yes, let's do."

I walk further down the aisle to row five. I thought perhaps we could spend more time together, but the reality is that we just met this afternoon. I'll get Karen's phone number and keep in contact. I grab a blanket from the overhead shelf and sit in the coach seat. With the seat reclined and the footrest up, it's not bad at all.

I pull out my small reading light and settle in for the night with James Patterson. I turn page after page as the California Zephyr travels eastbound. My mind drifts from the story plot to Karen and back again. I playback our conversations in my mind and picture us together camping at Big Sur.

Just as I begin to drift off around 11:30, I notice a shadowy figure walking down the aisle. The person comes closer to my chair and I recognize Karen making her way toward me. She reaches my row and bends down to me.

"Karen, are you OK? Is something wrong?"

As my eyes focus on her, I see that she is wearing a light purple satin nightgown. The lace bodice leaves little to the imagination.

"Rob, I've been thinking about you and how it can't be very comfortable sleeping in this chair. My bed is quite spacious, and I think you would sleep much better in my private compartment. Please join me. I think I'd rest more comfortable too with a warm body next to me."

"That's a nice offer Karen, but I don't want to impose. I'm OK right here."

I grit my teeth as I respond. Why don't I jump up and sweep her off her feet? We could make passionate love all night long. Where's my head?

"No, really. I insist. There's enough room for two and you'll want to arrive in Denver well-rested."

Somehow Karen is quite persuasive. She holds out her hand. I close my book and shut off the light. We walk back to her cabin and I find that it's quite roomy inside with a small closet and nightstand.

"You can hang your pants in the closet and set your shoes by the bed. Now, don't you think this will be much more comfortable?"

"Well yes, I must agree Karen. Thank you for inviting me."

At this point, I'm not going to be shy. I strip out of my clothes and hang my pants and shirt on the unused hangers. I throw my shoes under the bed and crawl between the sheets, still wearing my boxers. Karen turns out the lights and joins me. I lay on my side against the wall. Karen lays down facing away from me.

"Good night Rob, sweet dreams."

I think to myself, they would be even sweeter if we were naked under the covers. If only I could hold your big tits in my hands.

I scoot closer to Karen and drape my arm over her waist. At least I'll settle for a little spooning, if nothing else. Soon, I hear soft breathing, as she drifts off to sleep in my arms. In short order, I close my eyes and join her in slumber.

Chapter 3:

Sometime in the middle of the night I wake up and feel a slight pressure on my cock. I recall having a sexy dream where I was on the receiving end of a glory hole blowjob. The only issue was I wasn't certain if it was a male or female mouth sucking on my shaft. I couldn't see who was administering the fellatio, but the hot, wet sensation felt fantastic. As I come out of my stupor, I reach down to my cock and feel a hand.

I open my eyes and realize the hand belongs to Karen. My cock sticks straight out of my boxers and Karen has a tight grip around my shaft. My eyes follow the hand up to her arm and right into Karen's eyes. She has an evil grin.

She whispers, "I woke up a few minutes ago and this was pressing into my ass."

She squeezes my cock to emphasize her point.

"You must have had quite a sexy dream."

I'm about to tell her about the dream when she puts her free hand to her mouth, as she wants us to keep quiet. Karen rolls onto her back, still grasping my cock.

She continues to whisper, "Rob, stay real quiet and listen. Do you hear that? I think the sounds are coming from the private sleeper next door."

I keep still and listen intently. Oh god James, yes, it feels so good. Fuck me harder, fill me with your thick cock.

I look at Karen and she looks at me, "Oh my, it appears that our neighbors are going to town. Wow, she must be getting banged pretty good."

Karen strokes my hard-seven-inch shaft. I'm not going to stop her. We look deep into each other's eyes and smile. We remain deathly still.

Oh fuck, you are so deep, so deep. Yes, keep going.

I can't stand the tension any longer. I move my face close to Karen's and dip down for a long, slow, sensual kiss. She responds by forcing her tongue into my mouth. Our tongues intermingle as our lips stay pressed together. I move my hand up the purple satin gown and rest it on Karen's left breast. I mold and squeeze her flesh beneath the lace cup. Karen grips my shaft and squeezes harder. I couldn't move if I tried.

James, let me get on top. I want to fuck you now. Lay back and let me take control. Play with my boobs, pinch my nipples.

We are privy to our very own audio porn channel. Karen breaks away from our kiss and is breathing erratically.

She whispers, "Rob this is the second time tonight. They were fucking earlier and making just as much noise, she must be insatiable. I was so horny, I had to masturbate. I used my cherry lube to rub my pussy until I came. It was a pretty incredible orgasm."

Karen is blowing my mind describing her climax.

"After I settled down, I came out to find you, to cuddle with. I was planning to wait for our second meeting to make love with you, but I can't wait any longer. I need you to play with my pussy and make me cum again."

Karen releases her grip on my cock and throws back the covers. She stands and unties the lace bodice of her nightgown. It slithers to the floor and I get my first look at her incredible mature body. She doesn't look like any grandmother I've ever seen. Even in the dim light of the sleeper cabin, I can see her very large and very round boobs. They sag just a bit but sit high up on her chest. Her nipples are deep red and erect, centered within large round areole. Karen's slim waist tapers down into wide hips. A thick patch of gray pubic hair covers her mound.
