 Author's Note: This is short, but rough and sweet. I hope you like it. Please vote, and feel free to leave a comment or send feedback. Thank you for reading!

---

My pulse jumped as soon as I saw the flashing red and blue lights in my rearview mirror. Damnit! I did not need a ticket. I sighed and pulled over to the side of the road. I rolled my window down for the cop. His flashlight was bright in the dark of the night. 

"Hello Officer." I said brightly. It wouldn't be the first time I tried to flirt my way out of a ticket. Last time the cop had caught me going more than 20 over. You don't just go the speed limit when there's a Coach sale. I won't say how, but I didn't get a ticket that night.

"Are you aware that you were going 78 in a 60?" The cop asked.

Wow, today must have been a slow day for me. It was normally safe to go that speed out here in the middle of nowhere; the sheriff's department had better things to do.

"Was I really going that fast, Officer?"

"Please step out of the car Miss."

Uh oh, this was not going as planned. It was time to turn up the charm. I couldn't really make out his face in the darkness, but from what I could tell he had a nice body. I wouldn't mind giving him a blowjob to get out of the ticket. I liked to suck cock, and I wanted to bet that with his build, he'd have a thick and yummy cock. 

I stepped out of the car in my short black dress. There were certain advantages to coming home from a party at 3 o'clock in the morning. I was also wearing what I liked to refer to as my fuck-me heels: four inch high black stilettos. The only thing underneath the dress was a black silk thong. My breasts were practically spilling out of the top. Though my breasts weren't enormous, they were a 36C. If the Officer could resist me, he wasn't straight.

I stepped right up to him and began whispering into his ear.

"I'm sure we can sort this all out Officer. There's no need for a ticket."

"Are you trying to bribe me, Miss?"

I sank to my knees in front of him and figured that no explanation was necessary. My hand reached for the button of his pants, but he grabbed my wrist and stopped me. His touch was firm and just bordering on painful. 

"Get up." 

"I think you'll like it if you give me a chance to show you," I insisted.

Wow, normally it wasn't this hard to give a guy a blowjob. Maybe this guy was just a stickler and he was going to give me a ticket. I did NOT need that, I already had enough points on my license. 

"I said, get up."

Sighing, I did as he asked. I expected him to take out a pen and start writing me a ticket, but I was severely surprised.

"So you want to earn your way out of a ticket do you? You've been a very naughty girl. I think I may have to show you a thing or two."

My heart started pounding faster. What was he talking about? Oral wasn't good enough? What was he going to do? Panic started to creep its way up my throat. We were far away from civilization, I couldn't really tell what he looked like, and this guy probably knew enough about the law to get away with whatever he was going to do to me. 

"Luckily enough for you, I'm not a killer. I'm just horny and I need more than a blowjob to satisfy me." His words made the hair on the back of my neck stand up, but his voice caressed my nerves and made me want to melt. Being at his mercy was slightly frightening, but it was also turning me on. What can I say? I like it kinky.

He backed me into my car and put his mouth on mine. His lips were soft but the kiss was a little rough. I could feel his teeth scrape my lip and his tongue was thrusting harshly into my mouth. He wound his hand into my long hair to hold my head in place. His hard cock was pressing into my belly. I was right: his cock was thick and felt delicious. I had never been willing to have sex to get out of a ticket, but suddenly the idea was appealing. The thought of having that cock in my pussy was making my mouth water. I wasn't going to say anything though. This was too much fun, and the fear was intoxicating.

When he broke the kiss we were both panting. My lips felt swollen and my pussy felt wet. I wanted more. I just hoped he would keep giving it.

The hand that was in my hair slid down to my neck. His skilled fingers undid my halter top, letting my breasts spill free against his chest. My nipples were hard and they felt tingly. I was more aroused than I could ever remember being. A cop was fondling me on the side of the road where anyone could see. 

"Please, stop. Don't touch me." The words were coming out of my mouth, but I didn't really mean it. I would probably cry if he stopped, but I felt like I should be protesting.

"Don't worry, I won't. I know you want it, I can smell it."

So, he can see right through me. Oh well, I was okay with it as long as it meant he wasn't stopping. This felt too good for him to stop. It felt so good and naughty to break the rules. 

He brushed his thumb over my nipple and I whimpered. A jolt of wicked pleasure speared down to my pussy. My thong had to be drenched. I began unbuttoning his shirt. His muscles looked delicious, and they felt delicious too. I leaned forward to flick my tongue up his chest and was rewarded with a groan. It sent tingles down my spine. He slid a hand under my skirt and rubbed his hand against my thong. I was sure he could feel me wet. He growled like something wild and I could feel a shiver rock his body, but I didn't think it was because he was cold. 

"Enough messing around. You feel so good, too good. I hope you're ready for this Baby."

He hurried to get his pants down around his ankles. Without warning, he picked me up and tore my thong off. I wrapped my legs around his waist, bracing myself against the car. I felt the tip of his cock press against my wet cunt. It was a tease; I wanted the whole thing. 

In one thrust he slid all the way into me. I cried out. It was a little painful. He was much bigger than I thought, one of the biggest cocks I've ever had in me. I could feel him stretching my tight pussy. If I hadn't been so wet, it would've hurt a whole lot more. 

"God, Baby, you're so much tighter than I thought."

I could tell he was struggling to stay still to give me time to adjust. He was sweet for being such a naughty cop. 

My pussy was throbbing, but I was ready for more. I wiggled to slide down his cock. He chuckled and got the hint. His hips pushed forward and I could feel him go as deep as possible. It made me crazy, it felt so good. He started pounding into me, hard and rough. He didn't know, but that was just the way I liked it. I could feel and orgasm building. His moans only heightened my arousal. When he bit down on my neck I couldn't hold back anymore. I came screaming with my cunt clenching tight around his dick. 

I thought he would start cumming with me, but he just pushed harder. His thrusts became more erratic and fierce. It made my orgasm rip through me even harder, like one rolling after another. My throat was sore from all of the screaming. My entire body was shaking with the aftershocks of the first orgasm, but he wasn't done yet. Sweat coated his chest, but he just kept ramming into me. I was getting closer to another orgasm. He kissed my neck and then applied a suction; he was going to mark me. It tipped me over the edge. 

This time he came with me. I could feel long sticky streams of cum coat the inside of my pussy. It was pure rapture. Sex had never felt so good before in my life. Afterward, he seemed a little shaky. I was surprised he was still able to support my weight. 

"You're much too sweet to be selling yourself so short Rileigh Daniels." He lifted my chin so he could kiss me one last time.

A few minutes later he set me on my feet. He redid the halter on my dress and then ushered me back into my car. He straightened out his uniform and was about to walk away before I stopped him. He turned and waited.

"Please, one last thing before you go. Tell me your name, or at least your first name."

He thought about it for a minute, and then he answered.

"Michael, my name is Michael."