 Author's Note: Sorry for the wait, I was in the hospital a bit, and I'm trying to catch up on my writing now. I hope you enjoy this chapter. As always, please vote, comment, and/or send feedback. Thank you for reading!

--- 

The next few weeks without Michael were hard for me. He called my house, he called my cell phone. There were even a few times I could've sworn I saw a sheriff's car driving past my house. I answered none of the calls and did my best to keep Michael off my mind.

Most of my time was spent reading. I loved to read, especially when life sucked. It was like I could become whatever character I was reading about, and that I was no longer living my own shitty life. When I finished one book, I would just go to the bookstore and buy another one. 

I was driving home from the city one night when I had déjà vu. Red and blue lights flashed behind me. Oh great, I thought, just the opportunity that Michael needed. I pulled over and waited. When the uniformed deputy stood beside my car I didn't even look over.

"Please don't do this Michael," I asked quietly. I was startled to hear an unfamiliar voice reply back.

"Miss, I'm Officer Devereaux."

"I'm sorry, I thought you were someone else."

The officer looked slightly puzzled, but he let it slide.

"Do you know why I pulled you over?" he asked.

I didn't know exactly why, but I could guess. I really didn't want a ticket, but I wasn't going to get dirty to get out of it. I had learned my lesson about that.

"I don't know, but I might have been speeding. If I was, I'm sorry."

I tried to look genuinely sorry, and I kind of was. Mostly I was sorry for getting caught, but I was worn out, depressed, and my rocky road was melting in the back seat. Officer Devereaux took a deep breath and looked me over.

"Alright Miss, but slow down. If I catch you speeding again, I will write you a ticket. I mean it."

"Thank you Officer. Have a good night."

I rode home feeling relieved. It was a lot different from the last time I had gotten pulled over. In a way, I was glad to get off with only a warning, but sex with Michael the first time had been great. I didn't want to think about that though.

When I got home, I set my alarm, put away my rocky road ice cream, and went straight to sleep. That had been enough excitement for me. 

--- 

Two days later I was about to leave the bookstore when I thought I saw someone I recognized. He looked vaguely familiar, but I couldn't remember where I saw him. He had very short sandy blonde hair and grey eyes. He was also pretty tall. I debated going up to him and asking him, but I didn't want to be weird. In the end, I decided to go for it; if I didn't it would bother me. Slowly, I walked over to him.

"Hi. I'm sorry for bothering you, but you look familiar, and I was wondering if we knew each other from somewhere."

He looked up, and looked me over. He seemed to think about it for a few minutes.

"Do you drive a blue Audi A6?" he asked.

"Yes, yes I do" I replied in a surprised voice. A cocky grin curved his lips.

"Then it was you I pulled over a few days ago. I'm Carter Devereaux." He held his hand out for me to shake. I put my hand in his with a blush creeping up my cheeks.

"I'm Rileigh Daniels." I said shyly. However, I couldn't keep myself from smiling. 

"Have you been speeding lately Miss Daniels?" he asked cockily.

"It's Rileigh, and I've tried not to."

Okay, maybe I hadn't, but it was only a little white lie. I was pretty sure that sexy Carter was hitting on me, and I had to admit that it was good for my bruised ego. 

"Well Rileigh, if I didn't say so the other night, I really like your car."

His car envy made me chuckle. 

"Thanks, I like it too. Well, I guess I had better get back to shopping. Stay safe Officer Devereaux."

"It's Carter, and you too."

I was about to walk out to my car when I heard him call my name out from behind me. I turned and waited.

"Would you like to go out to dinner with me Rileigh Daniels?"

He looked so cute; he wasn't sure if I'd say yes or no. I shouldn't, he worked with Michael and I still was a little broken up. But I wanted to. I thought it over. I did really want to. 

"Okay." I took one of my old business cards from my purse and wrote my address and cell phone number on the back and then handed it to him. "This is my address and phone number, give me a call when you know the time and place. I'll be waiting."

I smiled and left before he could respond. The entire drive home I had a smile on my face. Fuck Michael, I could move on. I had a date. 

--- 

I got a call that evening.

"How about dinner tomorrow night, Olivier's at seven? I could pick you up around between five and six o'clock."

"Perfect. I'll see you then Carter. Goodnight."

"Goodnight Rileigh, sweet dreams."

Well, it hadn't taken him long to call. What was it with me and sexy cops? Maybe I just had a thing for a man in uniform, I wasn't sure. All I knew was that Michael had fucked up, and that I was entitled to go on a date. I didn't want to think about Mike anymore, and Carter did seem like the perfect distraction. He could even prove to be more than a distraction.

That night I had dreams about a hot Adonis with grey eyes.

--- 

For dinner I wore a strapless gold dress. The rich color of the fabric brought out the tan glow of my skin. Every inch of the dress clung to my body and it reached about halfway down my toned thighs. My gold heels made my slim legs look great. I swept my hair up into loose curls so that my neck was bare and I used gold eye shadow and black eyeliner. The entire look was slightly exotic and Egyptian looking, but I liked it. 

Carter was true to his word. A silver Ford Ranger pulled into my driveway at about 5:30. He was wearing a blue dress shirt tucked into khaki slacks. He looked gorgeous and completely edible. His lips looked soft and he was still taller than me even though I was wearing heels. 

"Are you ready to go?" he asked. 

"Sure, let's go."

It took a few minutes for us to get a conversation going, but once we did we found that we had a lot in common. We both loved horseback riding and good country music. He was an only child, and so was I. The only real difference there was that I had grown up in the city and he had grown up on his parent's farm.

The drive to Olivier's didn't seem long at all. Olivier's was a very nice, and very expensive, French restaurant. Candles flickered from all over the dining room and the waiters looked like penguins. The atmosphere was definitely romantic. Carter surprised me; he fit in a lot better here than I thought he would. Michael had never taken me anywhere like this.

We ordered a little wine, and looked over the menu. Everything sounded delicious. I went with a lamb dish and Carter went with seafood. That was something else we had in common: we both liked lamb, seafood and other exotic foods. All throughout dinner we talked. He even made me laugh. After dinner we both ordered crème brulée.

"So you're an artist?" he asked me. "It said so on your business card."

"Yes, I guess I am. I dabble here and there. I've sold some paintings, and I've written some novels under a nom de plume. I work from home, and I like it that way. I never liked being in a stuffy office, I'd rather take an easel outside and paint in the sunshine."

"I feel the same way, I hate doing paperwork at the station."

"Carter, I hope you don't mind me saying so, but you have got to be French." 

He grinned at me. "Yes, I am. I'm fifty percent actually: a quarter from my mother and a quarter from my father. The rest is mutt. How about you?"

"Well, I'm mostly Native American, with Irish and French thrown in."

"Whatever it is, it's a great combination. You're beautiful Rileigh."

I blushed at the compliment, but I couldn't keep my eyes off of him. 

"You're not too bad yourself, Carter Devereaux."

He laughed. "Thank you."

After dinner, we sipped at our wine a little more, and then we decided to head out. Carter helped me back into his truck, and we started the long drive back. I was a little sleepy, so my eyes kept drifting shut. 

"Come over here and you can rest your head on my shoulder if you'd like," he offered. The offer sounded very appealing, so I scooted over and curled up against him. He was so warm and his smell was like a drug. Carter was also very comfortable to lean on. I drifted right off to sleep. 

A gentle nudge woke me. I blinked and looked around. I was still in Carter's truck, but we were in front of my house. I forced myself to wake up. After a great date, I wanted a great goodnight. It was already bad enough I'd fallen asleep on the poor guy.  

Carter slid out of his truck then reached out to help me down. He lifted me right up and set me on the ground. He had to be more muscular than he looked. 

We walked to my door and he backed me into it. There was a white fire in his eyes as he stared into mine. One of his warm hands went around to the small of my back and pulled me close. The other hand slid into my hair and tenderly pulled it down. It took only seconds for his mouth to reach mine. It was hot and wet, and his tongue teased at my lips. He slid his tongue into my mouth and didn't hold back. I tried to give as good as I got; my heart was pounding in my chest. The kiss was making me want other hot and wet things. 

Carter's mouth traveled from my lips to my jaw, trailing little wet kisses. My neck was next, and he took a teasing bite out of it. From there his lips traveled down to my breasts and I whimpered. My pussy was getting wet and I didn't want him to stop. Boy, was he good, and his cock felt so hard against my belly.

A minute later, he pulled back.

"Rileigh, do you want me to stay tonight? Because if you don't, you should stop me now."

I blinked my way back to reality. Did I want him to stay? God, yes I did. But I couldn't. It was one date, and I didn't want to make any stupid decisions after Michael. I liked Carter, and I didn't want to ruin it. I took a deep breath; I was afraid he was going to be angry.

"I'm sorry Carter, but I don't think it would be a good idea for you to stay the night. I want you to, very badly, but I was just... hurt by somebody not that long ago, and I don't want to mess anything up. I like you."

He reached out and played with one of my curls.

"I like you too Rileigh, and I understand. Maybe some other night." He smiled at me and I breathed a sigh of relief. He really was a nice guy.

"Thank you. For understanding, I mean. I do want to see you again. You can call me if you want."

"I will, you can count on it. Goodnight Beautiful. I'll be thinking about you."

I watched Carter get into his truck and drive away. I didn't really want him to go, but I knew it was for the best.

--- 

Spending the day at the station was torture. I couldn't stop thinking about Rileigh. She was gorgeous and sweet. The way she had curled up against me was so cute. She seemed smart too. I thought about calling her from my desk, but I didn't want to scare her off by calling too soon.

Last night had been stupid. I shouldn't have tried to sleep with her on the first date. In a way I was glad she said no, but I had really wanted to fuck her. Oh well, I still had a chance, and that was good enough for me. I leaned back in my chair and thought about her some more. 

"What put that grin on your face Carter? Did you get laid?"

"No Mike, but I did meet a hot girl."

"Oh yeah? How'd you meet her?" he asked.

"It's funny, actually. I pulled her over one night, and then ran into her in the bookstore a few days later. We went on a date last night."

"Where did you take her?"

"Olivier's."

"You must really like this one, and you haven't even slept with her yet."

"I do, she's amazing. I don't want to rush her though; apparently she's dealt with some assholes lately. How's it going with that one chick you were talking to?'

The grin dropped right off of Michael's face.

"She won't answer my phone calls. She hasn't talked to be since the night of the charity ball."

"That's what you get for letting Marissa dance with you. She's trouble, and you knew it."

"I didn't think one dance would really hurt. I would take it back in a heartbeat though. I just wish she would talk to me."

"I'm sorry man. Maybe if it works out with the woman I'm dating, I'll see if she has a hot friend for you."

We chuckled and Mike went back to his desk. I felt for the guy, but he'd been stupid to get anywhere near Marissa again. Anyone could tell that she was a devious bitch. Her and Mike had even been engaged once, and it had taken Mike forever to get over her. I couldn't blame his ex-girlfriend for not wanting to get caught up in that.

After talking to Mike, I decided to call Rileigh. I wanted to talk to her, so why wait? At least I was pretty sure she would answer my calls, unlike Mike's girl. I dialed her number and waited to hear her voice.

"Hello?"

"Hi Beautiful."

"Hello Carter." I could hear her smile through the phone.

"Do you have any plans tonight?"

"Nothing important, why?" 

"Would you like to go out on another date with me?" I asked.

"No... but I would like it if you came over to dine in with me. If you rent the movie, I'll cook dinner."

The no had scared me at first, but I did like her idea a little better than going out. 

"What kind of movie?" 

"Either something romantic or something scary. I love a good horror flick."

"Scary it is. What time?"

"Can I call and let you know later?" she asked.

"Of course, do you have my cell phone number?"

"I think so, I have caller ID."

"Okay, call me and let me know."

"Okay Carter, see you later."

I hung up feeling pretty good. I had a hot date tonight.

--- 

It was going to be a perfect date. I just had to figure out what to cook. Well, it was early enough that I had time to make some bread, and some mousse for dessert. I didn't want to eat lamb two nights in a row. I could cook seafood, just not lobster since Carter had it yesterday. Hm, decisions, decisions. Maybe steak with a Portobello cheese sauce. On the side I could maybe sauté some chopped potatoes and cook some fresh vegetables. That sounded good to me. Within a few minutes I was up to my elbows in flour.

I took my bread out of the oven right after I finished my mousse. I left the bread on the counter to cool and put the mousse in the refrigerator. Now it was time to go into town and hit the market. 

The drive into town was relatively quiet, and I pulled into the market before too long. I would get the fresh vegetables there, then go to the butcher's for the steaks, and then to the grocery store for cheese. 

I was loading everything into my car when I heard his voice close behind me. 

"Rileigh!"

I turned around startled.

"Leave me alone Michael, I do not want to talk to you."My voice sounded a little shaky. It was probably stupid to be so upset about what he did, but I just couldn't get over it.

"I just want to talk to you. Please. Nothing really happened with Marissa. I promise. You've got to believe me."

"I have to go Michael, goodbye."

He rushed forward and grabbed me by the arm. I guess nobody questioned it since he was in uniform.

"Please Rileigh, don't do this. I love you."

"You're hurting me Michael, let go."

He pulled his hand away as if I had burned him. Maybe he had forgotten how strong he was. Either way, my arm still hurt.

I hurried to get into my car and headed home. On my way, I thought about calling Carter. I didn't know him that well, but I felt shaken and I knew hearing his voice would make me feel better.

"Hi Rileigh, did you figure out a time for dinner?"

"Are you busy Carter?"

My voice was still a little shaky. I tried to sound calm, but I wasn't sure how well it was working. 

"No, I just got home. What's wrong Babe?"

"I'm fine," I said. My voice was cracking and I was about to cry. I felt stupid. Michael shouldn't still bother me this much. 

"No you're not. Do you want me to come over?"

"Please. I'll be home in about ten minutes."

"Okay, I'll be there in about half an hour or forty-five minutes."

I hung up the phone and tried not to cry the last few minutes until I got home. I went inside, set the groceries in the kitchen, and curled up on my couch. My knees were tucked up under my chin. I kept my eyes on the door and waited for Carter. It took him even less time than he said. He knocked on the door and I told him to come in. He hurried over to me and knelt in front of me.

"What's wrong Rileigh?"

His eyes looked worried, and it only made me want to cry even more. I sniffled and shrugged. Carter's eyes went to my arm. There was a hand shaped bruise there, and his eyes landed right on it. His face went from concerned to angry.

"Who did that Rileigh?"

I turned my face away and didn't answer.

Carter sat on the couch next to me and pulled me into his lap. I hiccupped and snuggled close. It felt so good to be held again. A tear slid down my cheek and Carter caught it with the side of his finger. I sucked in a breath; I was determined not to cry over Michael anymore. Carter pulled his head back enough to look at me.

"Tell me who did this Rileigh."

I didn't want to tell him about Michael. The two men probably worked together. It was a surprise that Carter didn't know about it already. He obviously wasn't going to let it go though, so I had to tell him something. It was funny how Michael had hated what Brian had done to me, yet he wasn't that much better.

"My ex-boyfriend saw me in town today. He wanted to talk and I didn't."

"Who is he?" he asked.

"I won't tell you. Just let it go, please," I begged. 

Carter didn't respond, but he didn't ask any more questions. I snuggled him for a few more minutes, then got up. 

"Are you hungry?" I asked. He smiled at me.

"Of course, would you like some help?"

I smiled back as much as I could. "I'd love some help."

We puttered around the kitchen together, chopping and cooking. It was nice and comfortable. Carter would sneak a kiss here and there. I liked it; it made me forget all about Michael. 

When dinner was done, we sat together at the table to eat. 

"This is great. Where did you learn to cook?" Carter asked when we had finished.

"My mother was a chef at a small restaurant when I was little. She taught me."

"She taught you well. So... I did manage to rent a movie earlier. Luckily, I never took it out of my car. Do you feel like watching it?"

"Sure. What movie did you get?" I questioned.

"I can't remember what it's called, but it's the one about the psychologist in Alaska. Her patients see Aliens in their sleep or something. I'll be right back."

True to his word, Carter was back in no time. We curled up on the sofa and watched the creepy movie together. It ended up not being as creepy as I thought it would be, but it was still a decent movie. 

"Okay, time for chocolate mousse. Wait right here." I left for the kitchen and came back with dessert. I handed Carter a bowl and kept one for myself. He took one spoonful then looked at me with a smile. 

"Let me guess, you made this too?"

I nodded happily. When we were done we set our bowls on the coffee table. I had turned him away last night, but tonight I knew what I wanted. I wanted Carter. The way he had rushed over earlier when something was wrong had made up my mind. Carter was great, and I was not going to deny myself the fucking we both wanted. 

I leaned in to kiss him. He hesitated for a moment, and then put his lips on mine. The minute his tongue slid inside my mouth I went nuts. I straddled his lap without breaking the kiss. His cock felt great against my pussy. God, I wanted him badly. His hands cupped my ass and brought me closer as he raped my mouth with his tongue. My hips began rocking against him. I could feel myself getting wet.
