 It was a long and exhausting trip that I had the day before and all I wanted to do was snuggle in your bed while you went to your class. I could hear your alarm go off the next morning, and I nudged you to wake up. You rolled over and pressed your bare chest to my bare chest and held me close to you. I could feel your heart beating in your chest and your hot breathe on the top of my head. Before getting up you kissed the top of my forehead and rolled over me and got out of bed. I quickly moved into the warm sheets that you left behind and settled back down and soon after fell back asleep. 

All you can think about during class is the amazing sex that we had the night before and the comfort of having me close to you. Every time a slight breeze blows you can smell my sent on you. You start drifting off into a deep daze and your cock starts to swell in your jeans. The teacher calls out your name to get your attention. You come back to the real world and realize that 10 minutes have gone by and your cock is in a raging hard on and some of the guys are laughing at you. You return your focus to your class but somehow I keep popping up into that little head of yours. You keep thinking about how soft my skin is, how good I smell, and how amazing I taste. Pretty soon you are back in that daze but you don't get much time before the teacher dis misses the class for the weekend. You take a few deep breathes to try and calm yourself down so that you can stand up and walk out without your cock being noticed. 

As you are walking back to your room all you can think about is taking off your clothes and getting back into bed with me and messing around under the covers for the rest of the day. You walk past a group of football players and they want you to stop and talk with them, but you are a man on a mission. The entire time that you were in class you were thinking of a way to wake me up that would be sexy and sensual. You just wave and walk past. By the time you come up to the building you are speed walking and people are starting to stare at you. With every step you take your cock grows more and more. As you swipe your card and the door opens you take off in a run down the hall until you get to the door. You slowly insert the key and turn the knob nice and quietly so you don't waken me. 

When you enter the room I am laying on my stomach with the covers just covering my black lace booty shorts. You quietly put your stuff down on the floor; lock the door, and text Paine not to come back for awhile because you are fucking your girl. You start taking off your sweatshirt, and you start getting restless. Then off comes your T-shirt, then your shoes, and lastly your jeans. You admire how peaceful I am when I sleep and how beautiful I am. 

You come up to the bed next to me and softly place kisses all down the side of my arm and back. I let out a little moan, so you keep going. As you pull the blanket off of my legs I sit up for a brief moment and then lay back down. Phew, you think. You place your had strategically between my legs and start working them apart so you can get at my pussy. The room still smells a bit like sex from the night before. My legs open just enough to let a finger rub my hot spot. I slowly start to wake up, but I'm still drowsy and that's what you wanted. You know that there isn't much time before I am wide awake. So you take action.

You pull off my panties, spit on your cock, elevate my hips so that my pussy is right in front of your cock, and slowly enter me from behind. I let out a loud moan and start gripping the sheets. You reach underneath me and massage my breasts while you hit me from the back. You can feel them move with every thrust you make. You start fucking me hard. I'm just now starting to wake up. I look back at you. You look as though you have thought about this all morning, and coincidently you have. You pull your hand back and smack my left ass check hard, leaving a bright red hand mark. I let out a small scream. 

I tell you that I want you to fuck me from the front. You pull out and I roll over onto my back. This time you start differently. You take the head of your fat dick and slap my clit with it. It makes me wetter than ever. You then start to tease me with it and put it at the entrance to my tight twat and then just get in me and then pull out, you do this for a few times before plunging your entire self into me. I grab your arms when you get all the way in me. You are so deep inside that I can almost make out the shape of your cock in my stomach. 

You lean forward so that our mouths meet. You kiss me long and deep and I kiss back. You move your mouth over to my ear and then down to my neck. Once your lips meet my neck, almost instantly my pussy gets extremely wet. You start pumping your cock in me harder. My tits are all over the place and my legs are flying in the air. You grab them at the ankles and open and close them every time you thrust. I get to the point where I am about to cum. You pull out and lay down and I get on top of you. I sit down on your dick and fuck myself silly on it while I rub my clit. Soon I tense up and cum just starts pouring out of my pussy. You can't handle all of the wetness. It's dripping down your cock, balls, and thighs. You let out a huge load of your hot cum onto my pussy. I keep fucking you till it's all out. 

I collapse on top of you. Our sweaty bodies meet and we kiss. We lay there for a few minute before getting up and going to our separate showers. Once we get all cleaned up we come back to the room. We remove the cum ridden sheets and place new fresh ones on. We de-robe and hop back into bed.