 You're sleeping on the couch and start to have a wonderfully dirty dream. All of a sudden, for some reason you wake up, bringing your dream to a screeching halt. You just can't seem to fall back asleep so you venture down into my room to see if I'm awake. I'm on my back fast asleep. With your sexual hormones racing and you get a terrifically dirty idea. You then close and lock my bedroom, and begin to strip being ever so quiet. After taking off every piece of clothing you tiptoe over to my bed and slowly pull the covers down to my knees. You glance down at my boxers, since they are the only thing between your eyes and my skin, obviously I must be having good dreams too. 

Next, you creep onto the bed, straddle my chest, bend down to my ear and whisper "Honey, honey, wake up." 

I slowly start to come around and as I open my eyes the first thing I see are your beautiful eyes staring right back at me. You look deep into my soul and say to me "I'm going to fuck your face." Then you sit upright and scoot up my body. Next, you spread your legs a little farther apart, reach down with both hands and peal apart your lips that are still soaked from your dream, and lower your drenched pussy onto my mouth. You start to breath deeper as you grind your sex against my face. I manage to open my mouth and push my tongue into your pussy resulting in some louder moans and stronger convulsions coming from your sex driven body. 

Tension begins to build inside you and you are bucking harder and faster against my face. You reach down with one hand to the back of my head and pull me deeper between your milky white thighs. With the other hand you reach behind you and slowly begin to slide your hand inside my boxers. You find that what you are doing to me has worked a lot better than the dream I must have been having. Your hand feels so good around my cock, I close my eyes and enjoy the moment. But you seem to get frustrated, you just can't seem to bring yourself over the edge. 

Your rhythm slows to almost a dead stop, I open my eyes and look up at you. 

You look right back at me and say "I want you to finger my ass." 

I reach underneath you and slide my middle finger through your wet pussy to make the task a little easier. Then I slide it back to your awaiting anus, I start to massage it with my finger in an attempt to loosen it. All of your concentration is on the point of contact. I begin to press my finger into you. You gasp as the pleasure sends chills throughout your body. Slowly I manage to get my entire finger into your ass. Once you start to feel comfortable you begin riding my face again, pressing your beautiful pussy as hard as you can against my mouth. 

The tension begins to build inside of you again. You're willing to do anything to cum. Your left hand is on the back of my head while the right is tightly wrapped around my hard cock. You're closer than ever before, you let go of my cock and place your right hand along side of your left, pulling as hard as you can. You're bucking uncontrollably and I'm doing everything I can to bring you over the top. 

Finally, you let out a squeal "I'm cumming", you shudder and shake as your pussy convulses around my tongue, your ass around my finger and your orgasm takes over your entire body. 

As it begins to subside, you slide down my body and lay on my chest with your chin on my shoulder, trying to catch your breath. You begin to feel a poke in your tummy and realize that there is something else you need to take care of before the night is over. 

Lifting your head you smile and slide down my body. You open your mouth and begin to lick up and down the length of my cock. Each time you reach my head you pay special attention to it and by swirling your tongue around it just the way I like. Then you go even lower and suck and lick my balls while slowly pumping my hard cock. After a while of this you take my cock into your mouth, bobbing up and down. My cock is soaked with your saliva and you're going deeper and deeper every time you take it in. Soon I can feel my head hitting the back of your throat. You slow a little and begin to press my cock into your throat. You've never taken me this deep and it feels wonderful! You work back up to the rhythm you had before. One of your hands begins to massage my balls and the other is holding on tight to my stomach. I tell you that I'm about to cum and you pull up just far enough so that the head of my cock is the only thing left inside of your mouth. The hand that was on my stomach is now pumping my cock faster and faster as you desire your prize. Everything is so overwhelming that I can't take it any longer. I shoot my load again and again into your mouth, I don't think I've ever cum that much. When I've finished you slowly pump every last drop out of me and then lay my cock down. Next, is most shocking, you look up at me, smile, and then swallow every last drop. Just that is almost enough to make me fully erect again. 

We lay together for a while, catching our breath and letting our bodies relax a little. But that all comes to an end when you reach down and begin to play with my cock again. You look up at me and smile as you bring me to attention. You want more, a lot more. 

"I want you to finger my pussy" you tell me. 

We maneuver ourselves so that we are both on our sides facing each other. My top leg is bent at the knee propping it straight up, while your top leg is wrapped over it, opening your world to me. You resume playing with my cock as I slide my hand down between your legs. I brush my middle finger against your sopping lips, you are so horny, you could do this all night. I slide my finger up and down your pussy, exciting you more with each pass. Then, slowly but firmly, I press it in its entirety inside of your warm cunt. Your eyes roll back in your head as I begin to maneuver it around in circles. 

You beg me "God, I need more, I want it all inside of me, I'm so ready, please give me more!" 

Not wanting to disappoint you I press another finger inside, then another, and another. Soon almost my entire hand is inside of you. It's driving you crazy. I move down and you scoot over so that you're on your back with your legs spread wide open. I'm sitting between them with one hand playing with one your beautiful tits while the other is almost totally engulfed in your pussy. I slowly begin to twist and pump my hand inside of you. It's all you can do to not scream. Faster and faster I pump my hand that has now become a fist stretching you farther than ever before. In no time you are shaking and convulsing all over my bed in a huge and violent orgasm. I slowly remove my hand from its confines and you immediately latch onto me, still trying to regain your energy. After a few minutes you have calmed down and released your grip on me. 

I gently get off you and the bed and walk to the end of the bed, you are still in your own world and have barely noticed. In one quick motion I latch on to both of your ankles and yank you down so that your butt is barely on the edge. I then place each of your legs on my shoulders and push my cock up between your gorgeous thighs sending chills up and down your entire body. I gently place the head of my cock on your soaked pussy lips. Slowly I start to slide it up and down your slit until it's well lubed. I start to push myself in side of you. You gasp as my head passes through your tight entrance. I pull it out and then put it back a few times before I start to press deeper into you. Finally after what seems like hours, my entire length is in your warm, sweet pussy. 

You beg me "Fuck me, fuck me as hard as you can, just fuck me, I need it so bad!" 

"You asked for it" I reply. 

This time there is no gentle, no slow, I immediately started to pound you as hard as I can. The moans begin as well as the slapping noises of our bodies meeting in rhythm. You don't know where to put your hands, they're playing with your amazing breasts and then they are clinching the blankets then they are wrapped around you. It's all so amazing you don't know if you'll be able to handle it much longer. A squeal escapes from your mouth and you tell me you're about to cum. At that moment I force myself as deep as I can inside of you and then start moving in circles, attempting to touch every area of you. Amazingly, you cum again, squirting your juices all over my hard cock and running out of your pussy and down the crack of your ass. 

Without pulling out I flip you over and give you a couple more small pumps. I can't believe it, you're still begging for more. I don't know how you can take it all. I lay my cock between your beautiful cheeks and move it up and down. You love it when I do that. I reach down and take one cheek in each hand, spreading them apart. 

Pushing my cock deeper into your cheeks you tilt your head and look me in the eye saying "I want you to fuck me in the ass." 

I have no objection to this but we're going to do it a little different than we have before. I sit down on the side of my bed and ask you to come sit on my lap, but with your back to me. You obey like the good girl that you are, grinding your ass against my cock. God you feel so good. I reach down and grab some lube because I don't want to hurt you. First I put it on myself. You love watching me do that. Then, I take a little and rubbed it into your anus. Alright, it's time. You stand up and position my cock at the entrance of your backdoor. Slowly you sit down on my cock. It's very tight and a little painful, but you know that it will soon feel wonderful. 

You start to raise and lower yourself on my cock, but I soon stop you. You wonder what's wrong. I reach down and wedged in between the mattress and box spring is your 8" dildo/vibrator. You get a sly grin on your face as I spread my legs in turn opening yours and opening you up to my every desire. I touch your pussy and it is still covered with juices. I place your vibrator at your entrance and push it into your soaked hole. I can feel it in the small wall between your pussy and ass. Your in mountains of pleasure by the time I get its entirety in you. But that's not all, I reach down and crank up the vibrator to full power. The added pleasure throws you into convulsions and a series of moans. I lay back and let you take full control. One of your hands is back on my chest, bracing yourself while the other is controlling the wonder stick in your pussy. 

You fuck me harder and harder, finally I can't take it anymore. I sit up, wrap my arms around you and pick you up and throw you face down onto the bed. Making sure that your toy is still in your pussy, I reenter your ass. I wrap my arms under you and take hold of your shoulders, forcing you back against my cock. Your ass is so tight! It grips every area of my cock as I fuck you. I begin pumping faster and faster, it's finally my turn. I cum over and over in your ass. The sensation sends you into your final and most amazing orgasm of the night. You scream so loud that I think we're going to have neighbors at our door soon to see what is wrong. It was so wonderful and exhausting that I collapse on top of you and remind you how much I Love You while trying to regain my breath. I then crawl off of you and we both curl up together for the rest of the night.