 I've been dating Lexi for a few months now. She is a beautiful woman, medium height, amazing curves, long brunette hair and deep, round brown eyes. Believe me, I know how lucky I am to be with her. She is incredibly fun and easy to talk to, and we've already had most of the conversations about our past sexual history and partners. She knows that I've been with a few other girls, and had some pretty kinky experiences. She also knows that I'm an ass man, though I'm not sure she knows the full extent of that fetish, how I am constantly thinking about eating ass, and fantasies stemming from that urge. I've wanted desperately to perform analingus on Lexi, she has an incredible butt, but I wasn't sure how it would affect our relationship in general - it's hard to get as kinky as you'd like with someone you have to look in the eye the next day. And I had no idea if it's something she would even take pleasure in, after all, not everyone has an easy time getting off with a tongue up their ass...

I had thought quite a bit about this particular issue, the idea of being with someone in a relationship without being able to fully express yourself sexually. It's hard, even with a fetish as relatively tame as mine, to comfortably address the issue. In several past relationships, I never approached the topic, and guess what? I still had sexually fulfilling relationships, but I always felt we were missing something. So after thinking about what to reveal and not reveal to Lexi, now that we were clearly a couple (though still in the early stages), I decided I needed to tell her. Not only did I need to tell her, but I needed her to understand that even if she was willing to do it, it would only be fun if we were both actually interested in doing it, so we both had to be honest up front. The only thing left was to figure out a way to bring it up in the first place, and see where things went from there.

So, this is as accurate a description I can reproduce of the thought processes and actions that led to giving this incredible woman a rimjob.

The conversation came up on an evening, much like any other evening, when we were discussing what to eat for dinner.

"So what do you have planned for me tonight?" Lexi asked me with a wink.

Shit. I forgot I had told her five days ago I was going to cook her dinner tonight - how does she remember this stuff? "Oh, ha, I was just thinking about grilling something."

Lexi was doubtful. "Yeah? What did you pick up?"

"Umm, well, I thought you had something in your freezer so I didn't buy anything..."

"I knew it, you totally forgot. Damn, Jack, what's a girl gotta do to get something to eat around here?"

"Fine, you're right, I owe you a dinner. Sorry. I'll scrap something together here, or we can just order out."

"Nevermind. I've got something ready anyway, since I knew you'd forget."

"I said I'm sorry! I'll make it up, I promise." 

I had made up my mind to try to talk about rimming tonight, but it was already not looking great for me. Nevertheless, I made a lame attempt, and I was surprised to find that it made me strangely nervous and excited, "Tell you what, I'll kiss your ass for the rest of the night if you forgive me."

"I already said forget it, I have something ready. No ass kissing necessary." Lexi smiled warmly at me and started pulling things from the fridge.

Ugh, I know it was a bad attempt, but I was hoping for a little sexually charged banter to ease us both into this conversation. I waited for another opening.

"Is there something I can do to help, at least?"

"You can start shredding the lettuce. We'll get a salad going..." She grabbed a bowl from the cabinet.

There it was - like a cheeseball I went for it. "Awesome! I love tossing salad!" I said with a laugh.

"Okay."

"No, seriously, I love tossing salad..."

"Yeah, I heard you the first time."

Maybe I misjudged and now was not the right time to bring this up, she wasn't quite on the same wavelength. "Just saying. Something I like to do, and I haven't since we started dating." There. That's as far as I would take this conversation if she didn't catch on.

Lexi furrowed her brow. "Okay, now I'm sure you're trying to tell me something."

Progress. "Maybe."

Lexi paused, studying my face. Comprehension dawned in her eyes. "Oh... Woah. So you want to talk about this now?"

I was excited, but apprehensive. "Yeah."

She put down the bowl. "I don't know. I've never done that before. Have you done it?"

Yes, she understood! And she was being cool about it! Now we could talk. "Uhhh, yeah, I have. Only in the giving sense - I've never received."

Lexi's eyes got wide. "Well don't look at me for that! I'm not going to do that to you."

I laughed and cut her off before she continued. "No, no, no. I'm not interested in receiving, only giving. Don't know why, but that's how I'm wired. You know how much I like giving..."

Lexi's face was already flush in slight embarrassment, but it turned bright red at our conversation now. "Yeah, I guess you always do pay a lot of attention to my needs... but I still don't know, Jack. How many girls have you done this to?"

"I don't know, a few I guess."

She looked at me, incredulous. "You don't know how many women you've licked in the ass? Seriously?"

Now I was feeling defensive from her blunt talk. Alright, I hope she doesn't think I'm a total sleaze. "OK, let's just say over ten, but less than 20."

She shook her head at me. "Wow. Just wow."

"Hey, I'm just trying to be honest here. It's not like I've actually slept with a ton of more women than that. Most of the women I've slept with, I've also happened to, I don't know, lick. Down there."

Lexi stared at me, lost in thought. "What about that girl we ran into at the bar last night? She seemed pretty happy to see you."

This could get ugly, but I might as well stay the course. "Chloe? Yeah, I saw her a few times, and we stayed in touch..."

"Fuck friends?"

"Listen, you've got to believe me, I haven't seen her at all since we've been together. In fact, the last time she called I told her I was seeing you and really liked how it was going, so I couldn't see her any more. I haven't talked to her since then, I swear."

"And you used to, what, eat her ass or something?"

I sighed. This was not going well. "OK, yeah, I used to do that to her. But that doesn't have anything to do with us! Like I said, I haven't seen her for months."

Lexi looked at me for a moment, then looked down. "Did she like it?"

Now I was slightly taken aback. "What? Uhhh, yeah, she liked it. She actually loved it."

Lexi's eyes locked back on mine. She just stared at me for a few seconds, her mind clearly running at a mile-a-minute. "Fuck. This is so weird. Do you really want to do that to me?"

"Lexi, I really want to do that to you."

Lexi smiled shyly. "I can't believe this. I knew you were an ass man, but I had no idea."

"Sorry to alarm you." I smiled. "Seriously, we won't do anything you're not comfortable with. And what about you? It only seems fair that if we do this, then you get to try something you've wanted to do, too."

Her smile widened to a full grin. "Really, now? Okay, you're on." She reached out to shake my hand, to seal the deal.

She wanted to make this agreement so quickly that it made me a little nervous. I reached out for the handshake. "So what did you have in mind?"

Lexi laughed. "I actually don't have anything yet, but I'll think of something." She winked at me as we shook hands in mock solemnity. Alright, here we go I guess!

We had a nice, if a bit awkward, dinner that night (complete with a tossed salad!) filled with innuendo. Everything we said sounded dirty, and we eventually couldn't stop laughing at how silly it was. I think we were both pretty nervous, and didn't really know how to move onto the next phase of our evening. Finally, Lexi spoke up. "So, why don't we go clean up and get ready." She raised her eyebrows, "Or have you changed your mind?"

"Oh no. I haven't changed my mind - I'm ready when you are."

"Okay, why don't you clean up the kitchen while I get started." She got up from the table and moved towards the bathroom down the hall. She stopped halfway out of the kitchen, looked over her shoulder at me, then dropped her jeans and panties in one quick motion! Her gorgeous ass, so round and perky, fully exposed. "I'll get dessert ready..." she deadpanned as she stepped out of her clothes. I couldn't tell if she was joking, or being genuinely dead-sexy, but either way, I couldn't even get out a bark of laughter - I just stared, swallowed, and felt the blood flow from my head to below my waist. She laughed, letting me off the hook, then walked the rest of the way down the hall to the bathroom. I remained standing still, frozen with excitement, until I heard the water for the shower come on. I cleaned up the kitchen like a mad man, then went to the bedroom, stripped to my boxers, and waited in excruciating anticipation. Finally, I'd get to give this beautiful woman a rimjob!

She came into the bedroom in a sexy purple thong... and nothing else. My jaw must have been on the floor, because she saw my face and started laughing. "What, there's nothing here you haven't already seen."

"It's just... damn, you look so beautiful."

Suddenly, she looked very shy. "Why am I so nervous? It's not like we haven't been together before!"

"I know. It seems different, doesn't it?" I patted the bed beside me, "Come over here and we'll get comfortable." Lexi regained her earlier confidence and took a few long strides before standing before me. She took my face in her hands, then straddled me while giving me a long, deep kiss that took my breath away. 

We kissed passionately for a few minutes before she pulled back. "So," she smiled while staring into my eyes, "should we do this? Now that you've got me curious..."

I nodded. "Yeah, you just get comfortable, however you want to." Lexi held my gaze as she slowly climbed off of me and moved to my side, on her hands and knees like a cat, then slowly sliding her body down to lay on her stomach. I don't know what I was expecting, but I wasn't expecting that - she looked so unbelievably sexy lying there on the bed, looking at me over her shoulder.

"What are you waiting for?" she whispered.

Looking down at her, laying on her stomach with the purple thong splitting, then disappearing, between her ass cheeks, I could barely contain the urge to immediately smother my face in her incredible butt. So beautiful! Forcing a calm to my movements that I didn't actually feel, I crawled onto the bed and slowly kissed and licked my way up both of her legs. As I got to her upper thigh, she spread her legs ever-so-slightly, and I ran my hand gently up to her crotch and rubbed her pussy and clit with my thumb, while I started kissing and lightly licking the bottom of her ass cheeks. To ease us both into this, I began with the familiar. As she spread her legs wider in response to the sensations, I moved my head between her legs, pulled her panties to the side, and gave her pretty pink pussy a nice long lick. Lexi moaned and started moving her hips. I actually went down on Lexi quite a bit in our relationship, and I knew she was very into receiving oral, so I figured we should start here, then move onto more adventurous territory for her. I continued to lick and suck her sweet pussy and clit as she arched her back and raised her hips to give me easier access to her hot box. From the beginning, she was already more wet than usual, so I took that as a good sign that she was actually looking forward to what we had talked about. I kept eating her pussy for a minute or two before moving up, very subtly with each lick, until I was at her gorgeous puckered asshole. Lexi was breathing very heavily at this point, both in excitement and anticipation.

I stared at her ass and butthole, still covered by the thread of her purple thong, then pulled the thong to the side. Wow. I had looked at it before, but now with only one thing on both of our minds, I was overwhelmed by what I saw. Her beautiful pink asshole was truly a sight to behold - so smooth and clean. Her sexy, creamy white ass was moving slightly up and down with her anxious breaths. She was waiting, eager. After a few seconds, until I didn't think either one of us could wait any longer, I inserted my tongue into her pussy, and drew a long, slow lick from her pussy, all the way up, slowly over her anus, then continuing up to the top of her ass crack. Lexi sighed audibly. I quickly moved back down, this time beginning at just below her anus, then all the way back up her ass. Her body quivered very gently, with her fresh, sweet asshole tensing just a bit. Over and over I ran my tongue up her ass crack, and felt Lexi's muscles, particularly her butt cheeks, relax as she grew accustomed to the feeling. After several delicious licks (her ass tasted and smelled so fresh and clean), I kissed the insides of her ass cheeks and blew cool air up and down her crack. I looked back down and could see her pussy glistening from my earlier attentions, and from this new excitement. Lexi was gyrating her hips ever so slightly - she was totally into this! Taking that as the final go-ahead, I plunged back into her ass, now with more intensity. I flicked my tongue quickly against her hole, then gave short, firm licks directly to her anus and circling around her rim. Lexi was panting.

"Oh God, this is good!" She breathed out.

"You are so sexy..." That was all I could get out before returning to her ass. As I do whenever I get the chance to rim a girl out, I felt lightheaded and a little out of my mind. Again, I couldn't believe this beautiful woman was letting me pleasure her like this, but once we started, I was determined to satisfy her. Her asshole was a little tight, so I started pressing my tongue hard against the middle. As I increased my pressure, I was able to pretty easily insert the tip of my tongue into her anus, savoring the warmth of her butthole surrounding my tongue, swallowing my tongue. Now that I was able to gain some penetration, I started pressing in and out, in and out, in and out, feeling her anus relax a little bit with each thrust, my tongue sliding in and out of her asshole like a hot knife through butter - incredibly sexy! The only thing that was even more gratifying than the feeling of her asshole pinching around my tongue was the sound of her simple moan of pleasure.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh, ohhhooho fuuuuuck!" Lexi stammerred into the pillow.

Hearing her enjoying this so much made me get into it even more. I'm always happiest when making my partner excited and aroused, and never more so than when I'm doing it from eating her ass. I slowly slid my tongue in and out of her butt, getting even more turned on by the gentle wet sound of my tongue withdrawing from, then reinserting into her anus, with some slight flicks of the tongue on the outside of her rim added to the mix. This was heaven to me, and by how she was reacting, I was pretty sure she was loving it, too.

I confirmed that thought when, after only five minutes or so of rimming, I lifted my head long enough to ask, "So what do you think so far?"

Lexi lifted her head from the pillow to respond, "Oh. My. Fuck. Wow, it's way more intense than I thought it would be..."

"Does that mean you like it?"

"Oh fuck yeah. It feels so good."

"So do you want me to keep doing this?"

"Yes. Please. Thank you." And with that, she looked back at me. To my pleasant surprise, I felt her hand glide to the back of my head, gently grab a fistful of my hair, and slowly push my face back to her ass. So fucking hot! Not that I needed the encouragement, but I got back to business, using both of my free hands to spread her creamy ass cheeks wide, offering another amazing view of her beautiful, now glistening and slightly gaping, asshole. Fucking A, I could do this all day. Which is what I told her. 

"I could do this for a looooong time..."

She giggled, and wiggled her hips, and I took that to mean "Get back to it!" So I did. I ran my tongue all around the nearly perfect circle of her dark, open butthole, and pressed deeper with each swirl. Unfortunately, my tongue is not as long as I wish it was, so after only a few swirls around her anus, it was already fully extended - I was not going to get any deeper into her asshole. I decided I might be able to go a little deeper if we tried a different position.

"Roll over onto your back."

"Ooooh. I like it when you tell me what to do."

I smiled, then slid off of the bed so I was on my knees on the floor, then helped Lexi swing her leg around so she was on her back. Reaching up, I pulled her thong down her legs and threw them onto the floor before I put her legs over my shoulders, grabbed her hips then pulled her down the bed so her legs were dangling over my shoulders at the edge of the bed, and her pussy was right in my face. I gave her clit a few nice long licks and sucked hard on it before placing my hands under her thighs and rolling her legs back towards her head so her asshole was exposed and right at my mouth level. I looked up her body and saw her staring down at me between her tits and legs before closing her eyes and laying back on the bed. She knew what was coming. I centered my attention back on her starfruit, and slid my tongue back around the rim of her anus before plunging back into the dark recesses of her sexy, hot butthole. 

Lexi squealed and arched her back as she gasped into the air. She reached around her calves and pulled her legs back further, so her pelvis was now suspended in midair, while I helped prop her up with my hands while I continued to explore her anus with my tongue. As I played with her ass, time began to blur. I was attentive to all of her moans and movements, treating each one like a separate request: a kiss here, a lick there, a nibble, a suck. And her less subtle requests, like whispering "deeper..." or "harder." I did everything she asked and more, but found that Lexi was fast becoming insatiable. Her requests started coming through gritted teeth as she got more and more into my oral attentions to her ass. After ten more minutes of play, she found another groove, and worked my mouth hard against her asshole as she worked herself up to a shuddering orgasm.

"Fuck yes, fuck yes, fuck yes. Fuck. Yes. FUCK. YES. OHHHOOO FUUUUUUCK!" With her pussy right in my face as her asshole pinched my tongue while she came, I could see her pussy visibly enlarged with blood flow and pink and glistening with more new moisture. I was so turned on, I could barely think straight.

"Oh my God, Jack, that was so cool. Fuck." She ran her hand over her face and rested it on her forehead as she stared at the ceiling. 

I remained between her legs, kissing the insides of her thighs. "I'm glad you liked it. You are so fucking hot..." I continued kissing around Lexi's crotch and stomach.

Suddenly, she got on her elbows and looked down at me, "Hey, if you aren't done yet, I'm not done either."

I looked up from her stomach. "Oh, I could do this all day..."

She smiled, her post-orgasm glow making her smile radiate even more, "I might hold you to that. But, I think you said something about letting me do what I want."

Fair is fair. "That's right, I forgot about that," I leaned back to my kneeling position at the foot of the bed, "What did you have in mind?"

Lexi looked up at the ceiling and gave another satisfied smile, "You know, now I think I want to do that again, but I feel bad that you don't get to go..."

Yes! She liked having me eat her ass! That's all I needed to hear to be happy. "Believe me, I had plenty of fun doing that."

"I know, but why don't I get you off while you do that to me. That sounds like fun, doesn't it?"
