 Author's Note: Well readers, here's the third chapter!! I hope you all like it. If you haven't read the first two stories yet, you might want to so that you can understand this story better. As always, please, please, PLEASE vote, comment, and/or send feedback, :). Thanks for reading!!

--- 

Michael and I spent the next few days together. We went to the movies, out to dinner, and sometimes we just curled up on my couch together to watch television. He was slowly starting to creep his way into my heart. Who would've ever thought getting caught speeding could turn into such a good thing?

Tonight we were going to some sort of charity benefit that the other officers were attending. I was determined to make him look good. It made me feel special that he invited me. Any man that brought a woman around his friends and the people he worked with wanted to stick around. I wanted him to stick around, more than I wanted to admit.

I went through the long process of getting ready. I tried on at least five different dresses before I chose the right one. I decided to wear a revealing blue dress. It was provocative, but not slutty. It was a halter top that left my entire back bare. It dipped low in front to show off my rack. The skirt of it hit a few inches above my knee, and the fabric was a rich silk that looked like it would flow right through my fingers. I left my hair down and curled it into loose ringlets. My makeup highlighted my sapphire blue eyes. The heels I wore were three and a half inches high and gold to match my purse. The heels begged to be worn during some naughty fucking.

By the times I was ready, I had half an hour to spare. I spent it pacing my living room and trying not to smudge my makeup. I was glad when Michael knocked on my door fifteen minutes early. When I opened the door, what I found was one sexy cop. He was in a tuxedo, and oh did he make it look so good. He filled out the pants especially well. It made me salivate. 

"God Rileigh, you're so fucking beautiful," he said, interrupting my train of thought.

I blushed at the compliment. There was no way I was going to be the ugly girlfriend tonight. Well, I wasn't quite sure I was his girlfriend yet, but it felt like it. We spent all of our free time together.

"Why thank you Officer, you don't look too bad yourself."

I looked him over and gave my approval. I couldn't wait to peel that tux off of his sexy body later. He was a tasty piece of eye candy. There was no doubt in my mind that some other woman there would try to hit on him, but I would still mark my territory. This sexy cop was mine.

We left arm in arm. It was about an hour long drive to the hotel where to charity ball was being held. The hotel itself was gorgeous. It looked like a modern twist on the Victorian era. I looked over at Michael and smiled. He looked even better than the hotel. 

All of the signs posted around said that the ball was to raise money for a new wing of the hospital. The new wing was going to be dedicated solely to oncology and a Hospice unit for the cancer patients. With cancer becoming a larger concern each year, the new addition was overdue. My mother had passed away from cancer, so I could definitely sympathize with the cause.

The Grand Ballroom was even more stunning than the lobby. A crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling. The pillars in the room were a pink marble and the walls were covered in vivid murals. It looked like it would fit perfectly in Greek mythology, as if Aphrodite and Dionysus would just come strolling in at any moment. 

Police officers, hospital staff and other members of the community filled the room. Everyone was exquisitely dressed. Diamonds flickered from all over the room. My sapphires were a relief from the sparkling white.

One of the faces I recognized was Officer Calhoun's. He smiled and walked over to us.

"It's nice to see you again Miss Daniels. You look much better now that you're all healed up," he said.

"Thank you Officer Calhoun." I gave him a dazzling smile.

"Call me Ed," he insisted. He turned to Michael.

"It's nice to see you with a nice young lady Mike. It's about time." 

The comment made Michael look a little shy, but he was still grinning. 

"There's a pretty good turnout here tonight Ed. I'm surprised to see you own a tux," Mike said.

"Yeah, I had to dust it off a little."

The two men sounded very comfortable with each other. It was nice to see some camaraderie; my abusive ex had never really had many friends. It was a good sign that the Michael and Brian were different. 

For the first hour we mingled with the crowd and Michael introduced me to the people he knew. Most of them were other officers, some were city workers. One of the women I was introduced to was the Director of Nursing at the hospital. I disliked her right away. As soon as she was within five feet of us, I could sense a tension in Michael. At one point these two had been more than friends; we women can tell these things. She was wearing a skimpier dress than me. It was pink and it covered less skin. As much as I hated to admit it, the blonde woman was beautiful. Her name was Marissa Moore, and I did not like her one bit. 

"So Michael," she began, "how have you been?"

"I've been good."

"And how long have you two been dating?" She spared me a quick glance, but her googly eyes were for Michael. It made me want to puke. 

"About a month." I answered.

"Oh? That's not very long at all," she said. 

"It's plenty long enough for me." Michael replied. He did not look like he was enjoying this conversation. As soon as he saw Ed, he made his excuse to get us away from her.

"Sorry Marissa, I need to speak with Ed about something. I'll see you later."

We wasted no time in getting away from her. As we were walking away I finally asked the question I wanted to know.

"Who was that?" I asked.

"You met her, her name is Marissa Moore."

"Don't give me that Michael, you know what I meant."

"We dated once, but that doesn't matter now."

"It looks like it does Michael. She still wants you."

I was hoping he didn't want her back. I was head over heels for him. If something happened, I'd be crushed. I didn't want us to break up because of the slutty nurse. She didn't seem like she suited Michael at all. 

"Baby, I was done with her long ago. I'm with you now, and you're exactly who I want, Rileigh. You have nothing to worry about." He looked me in the eyes as he said it, and I was pretty sure he meant it. "C'mon Babe, let's dance."

He took my hand and led me to the center of the dance floor. We waltzed together for a few songs, and later he surprised me by knowing the tango. We were a spicy dance couple, and rubbing so close together was starting to make me horny. I was dancing close enough to Michael to tell that he was getting horny too. His hard cock was yummy. I leaned closer to whisper into his ear.

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

"Yes, Baby. I think we should sneak out of here for a minute."

Together we left the dance floor and snuck off into the hallway. We opened doors until we found a room we liked. We snuck into a rather large conference room. There was a long table that had at least fifty chairs surrounding it. Michael pushed a few chairs out of the way and then bent me over the table. He pulled my satin thong down my legs. 

From behind me I heard the metallic sound of his zipper being pulled down. Before I knew it, I could feel the head of his cock against my pussy. I was soaking wet. It took him very little effort to slide completely into me. I moaned like a bitch in heat.  

God, he felt so fucking good. In a way, it reminded me of our first time together. There was no lock on the door, and we could get caught any moment. Part of me was afraid to get caught, but part of me was completely thrilled at the possibility. We were being so naughty, it only made me wetter. 

I moaned and clawed at the table as his cock pounded into me. He wasn't holding back much. I knew my hips would be a little sore tomorrow from the table, but the dirty fuck was so worth it. 

I screamed out the first time he really hit that one spot that I love. He took the hint and adjusted his angle so that each time he thrust into me he would hit that spot. I was getting so close to cumming. The tension was building up like water behind a dam. In just a few minutes, that damn would come crumbling down. 

"Oh God Michael, I'm so close. Make me cum on your cock Baby."

"Fuck Rileigh, I want your cum all over my cock."

Those few dirty words pushed me over. I was hurled into a mind blowing orgasm. If someone walked in and caught us now, they would hear me screaming like a banshee. Seconds later, I could hear Michael roaring as he started cumming. Having his cum inside me only made my orgasm even better. My entire body was quivering and I could feel his chest heaving against my back as he struggled for air.

We stayed that way for a few minutes until I thought I might be able to stand. The way my legs were wobbly made me wish I wasn't wearing my heels. Michael and I straightened our clothes and I made sure my hair wasn't too mussed. I used a tissue from my purse to clean up a bit and I sprayed on a bit more perfume, hoping that we didn't smell too much like sex. I slid my dry thong back on. We laughed a little as we made our way back to the ballroom. 

Together, we made our way back to the dance floor and began swaying to the slow song that was playing. I rested my head on his shoulder and let myself relax into his arms. His hand was warm on my bare back. He was gently stroking the skin there and it felt good. 

The sex together was amazing, but even when we weren't having sex, I still loved being around Michael. I had the feeling that it wouldn't be hard at all to fall in love with him. In a way, I couldn't blame Marissa for looking at him that way. I could see myself being with Michael for a very long time. It scared me to want someone so much, but he was worth it.

After a few more songs, I excused myself to go to the ladies room. While I was in there, I straightened my hair and touched up my makeup. I looked like a satisfied woman. I almost felt like I was glowing. As I walked back to Michael, I smiled. However, it didn't take very long for my smile to disappear. 

On the dance floor, I saw Michael, but it wasn't me that was in his arms. It felt like my heart was stuck in my throat. Of course it was her. Michael was dancing with Marissa. After all he had said to me earlier, there they were. Their arms were wrapped around each other and I could see her kissing his neck. She even slid her hand down the front of his pants to fondle his cock.

I felt sick. I couldn't watch. I looked from left to right, trying to find the best escape route. My eyes landed on Ed. We made eye contact and I could see his expression change to worry as he saw my face. I looked back at Michael one last time. He could see me now, and I could see that he knew he had messed up. There was panic written all over his face. 

"Rileigh!" he shouted.

It was hard to breathe. I couldn't take it anymore; I fled. I never thought I'd be able to run so well in heels, but I surprised myself. I ran back to the lobby and then out the door. Out on the street I called a taxi, hoping that Michael wouldn't catch me. I couldn't let him catch me. I was getting into the cab just as Michael and Officer Calhoun came running out of the hotel. I shut the door and didn't look back. 

The entire drive back to my house, I couldn't get the image out of my mind. I tried to choke back the tears, but I lost the battle a few minutes into the drive. Thankfully, the cab driver didn't ask any questions, he just drove. 

Once I got home, I went inside and set my new alarm system. I went straight to the shower to scrub his scent off of me. I felt dirty after everything that had happened. After the shower, I fell into bed wearing only a towel. I cried myself to sleep that night.