 I wish I could pinpoint what it was about Alison that made me do what I did. Maybe it was that she was a redhead, Lord knows I've always had a weakness for them. Yes, she has an amazing body consisting of flawless fake boobs, long nipples, flat stomach, perfect little bubble butt, long slender legs and a even a few tattoos but it's more than that. Her face, she is gorgeous to say the least. The best way I can describe her: she's a walking wet dream. Don't believe me? Watch her walk.

The problem was she's my wife's friend. Now before you judge me, please read the full story. When you're done feel free to say whatever you want to me. Call me whatever name you want. Just don't call me a liar, because this story is true.

The first time I met Alison I noticed her beauty and sex appeal, but didn't lust after her. She was just another one of my wife's hot friends. My wife is also very attractive with an amazing body. It wasn't until one seemingly innocent gesture that turned me from devoted husband to a risk it all adulterer. Following is the events that took place, and no, given the opportunity to do them again, I wouldn't change a thing. 

It all started when a business opportunity presented itself on a Friday afternoon. It was the kind of opportunity that people dream of, the kind that could set me up for years to come. It was also a slam dunk with my experience. An appointment was set for first thing Monday morning to meet with the company's suits and I was feeling confident that I would land the deal. 

Immediately I started getting prepared. Dropped my best suit off at the cleaners, went and bought a new pair of expensive dress shoes and a designer tie. All I needed now was a haircut to feel and look my best. I called up the only lady that has cut my hair in years only to find out she's out of town on vacation. 

This was a problem for me. I wanted to look my best and didn't trust just anyone to cut my hair. As luck would have it, my wife mentioned to me that Alison use to be a hairdresser and a pretty good one. The call was made and Sunday afternoon I found myself sitting in Alison's kitchen getting my haircut. 

My wife was with me and the two of them talked as she cut and combed my hair. It was my first time seeing Alison dressed casual. All the other times she was dressed to the hilt. Today she had her hair pulled back in a simple ponytail. She wore a faded band shirt and running shorts. While I don't think she did it on purpose, she looked incredibly sexy. That was another thing about Alison, she was sexy even when she wasn't trying. I kept my eyes and thoughts in check as she made her way around me cutting and snipping my hair. Even when she innocently brushed against me with her boobs I held my composure as I knew this was just incidental contact. 

It was at the end of the haircut that forever changed my thoughts and feelings for Alison. When she was done she took her nails and ran them over my scalp and then began massaging my head. Now, I know this is a common practice for stylists to do and not the first time I've had that done. It wasn't what she did, it was how she did it. With just her hands on my head she made my toes curl. My whole body reacted and instantly I became putty in her hands. Her touch was electric and her lightning bolt shot through me. I know that sounds crazy, but at that moment I fell madly in lust with Alison.

As the days and weeks past by I did my best to put thoughts of her out of my head. It didn't work however. Whenever I had sex with my wife, in my mind I was fucking Alison. Whenever her name came up in conversation, I always asked questions about her. All the while doing my best to be subtle, why mentally locking away any information I could about my lustful crush.

I knew she was single and had a bit of a wild side. How she wasn't married was beyond me. She was smart, funny, had a heart of gold, beautiful; all that with a freaky side.... The only thing I could think of was she was too much for the average guy to handle. 

I hoped as time passed that my thoughts of her would subside. They didn't. Instead, when I wasn't having sex with thoughts of Alison in my head, I was masterbating to her as my wife slept next to me. My mind always pondering what she was doing, what she was wearing. Trying to imagine her hands on me. She turned me into a dog in heat just by running her hands through my hair. What would it be like if she touched me all over. I was consumed by thoughts of Alison's hands and mouth destroying me.

The next time I saw her, I went from a dog in heat to a rabid wolf. My wife and I were out shopping when my wife got a call from Alison. Of course I made no objections when I was told we need to stop by Alison's house to pick something up. As we walked into her house my legs buckled when I saw Alison greeting us at the door. She was wearing a white tank top with no bra. If that wasn't enough, her nipples were sticking out, stretching the material thin. For me, few things are more sexy. Fuck, this woman was making me lose my mind. I was drunk with lust for her.

The things I wanted to do to this woman. My mind was constantly coming up with fantasies the two of us could experience. How I wanted to hear her scream my name in pleasure. She had a body built for sin and there was nothing I didn't want to explore with her. Images of her nude body laid out before me were never far from my mind. Forget about 50 Shades or 9 1/2 weeks, they'd seem stale to the passion we'd create.

I played it cool, but as time passed I began to wonder about how to turn my fantasies into reality. Wondering if Alison would risk her friendship with my wife for a fling with me. If only I could get her alone. Talk to her. See if she had any sort of attraction to me. Wondering if she'd even accept any advances made by me. Was the desire mutual or all on my side. Was I really willing to risk my marriage only to be rejected by her. Every time I played it out in my head, it ended with her slapping me in my face and running to tell my wife what I tried. 

Yes, I was scared. As incredible as she was, as much as I desired her, the risk of rejection was too much. Plus what it would do to my wife? Me having an affair would be bad enough, but to do it with one of her friends.... I'd hate myself just as much as she would hate me. I'd have to be scum to do that to someone. Yet I was still haunted by thoughts of Alison. She wasn't just unbelievably fuckable, she was one of coolest chicks you'd ever meet. 

Instead of looking for ways to fuck her, I started looking for flaws. There had to be a way for me to turn my lust to disgust. If I could just find something about her that I didn't like, these fantasies would go away. I don't want to be a guy that cheats, or come between two friends, or hurt someone just for an unforgettable fuck. And yes, fucking Alison, I was sure it would be unforgettable.

That's when a new problem arose. The more I found out, the more I liked about her. She had been through a lot in her life and I admired her strength and resolve. Not only that, she was compassionate, driven and the least judgmental person ever. The more I wanted to find her unappealing, the more I started to respect Alison. Now, instead of just an incredible piece of ass, she was an amazing individual. My lust was turning into love. How was this happening? How can I turn my feelings for her off?

As time passed I did my best to forget about her. I decided I didn't want to be another obstacle in her life to overcome. As infatuated as I was, my respect for her outweighed my desire. My wife also picked up on some of my excessive inquiries. She even did her best to drive a wedge between us fearing my intentions concerning her friend weren't all pure. She stopped inviting Alison over and more than once I overheard her saying disparaging things about me that weren't all true.

I was almost ready to give up. All my attempts to be alone with her to proclaim my feelings failed. I was actually heartbroken that she would never know how much I desired and cared for her. I knew it was more than lust. More than just a crush. The only thing I took comfort in was knowing that at least I didn't hurt anyone. Well no one but myself. 

Then something happened that changed everything. It was another bad breakup with some guy and Alison was left again to pick up the pieces on her own. It broke my heart to not be there for her. If she only knew how much I cared for her. I hated these guys she dated. They didn't deserve her. Definitely couldn't handle such a woman. I suffered in silence unable to give her the thing she wanted most. 

Wanting to put her past behind her, Alison arranged a Friday night get together with a few of her friends. A girls night out and my wife was invited. I was excited by this because it meant I'd get to see new pictures of Alison. Anything involving her was a source of joy for me, even pictures. I had gotten use to admiring her from a far. It also was obvious that as much as I tried to push my feelings for Alison aside, those feelings for her hadn't diminished.

My phone rang around 1 a.m. that night. It was my wife. She was trashed and needed a ride home. This wasn't the first time I had to pick her up from a bar after a night out. She was very much a lightweight and I was always more than happy to keep someone from driving drunk. As I pulled to the curb I saw my wife sitting on the sidewalk. There beside her was Alison. 

"Your wife is beyond drunk and I need a ride home. Do you mind?" asked a drunken Alison. "No problem" I calmly replied. As I picked up my wife I realized just how intoxicated she was. I figured the best place for her was laying down in the back seat. Alison opened the back door as I maneuvered her inside. She hardly budged as I positioned her inside the best I could. As I closed the door, Alison got into the front seat of my car. I took a deep breath as I sat down and started the engine.

Pulling onto the street, Alison thanked me for giving her a ride home. As she said this she leaned over and placed her head on my shoulder as I drove. Without even thinking I reached over and placed my hand on her leg. She was wearing a short dress and without even trying my hand landed on her bare flesh. This sent my mind into a whirlwind. I'm sure I said, you're welcome, but honestly my only recollection was the feeling of her smooth inner thigh.

I was frozen with fear. Was this too forward, should I remove my hand, should I apologize? It wasn't on purpose, it was just my natural reaction to her placing her head on my shoulder. Just as I was about to say something, Alison lifted her head off my shoulder and I put my hand back on the steering wheel. "These heels are killing me", she said leaning forward to unbuckle them. 

With both her shoes removed she turned to the back seat to check on my wife, then once again placed her head on my shoulder. My heart was beating out of my chest at this point. I had my wife passed out behind me and the woman I have been drooling over leaning her head on my shoulder as I drove down the road. I desperately wanted to return my hand to her thigh but now that I was aware, the decision wasn't as easy.

Turns out I didn't have to make a decision. Before I could decide on how to proceed Alison grabbed my hand and pulled it to her lap. With her leg now bent towards me, my hand found itself even higher on her thigh, inches from her sex. She hugged my arm as my hand gripped her flesh. My hand has never been happier than that moment. I could feel the heat radiating from her body.

For so long I have desired her. Now here I was with her head on my shoulder, my hand on her upper thigh. My cock was hard the instant I felt her flesh, by this point it was throbbing. It was also beyond uncomfortable because it was twisted up in my boxers. I had no choice but use my other hand to adjust myself. The mound in my jeans was now beyond obvious and Alison's eyes were fixated on my lap as her head still rested on my shoulder.

Not wanting the moment to end or to miss out on the opportunity, I started to move my fingers in circles on her inner thigh. With each circle my fingers climbed higher up her leg. Slowly they crept, I wanted to give her the opportunity to stop me if she wished. She didn't stop my pursuit and as I reached her sex I marveled as I could feel the wetness of her soaked panties. I couldn't stop now even if I wanted, I had to feel inside her. 

Just as my finger moved inside her panties, Alison lowered one of her hands onto my lap and began outlining my cock through my jeans. I found her clit and pinched it between my fingers. As I did this I heard a deep moan escape Alison's mouth. Her hand also locked onto my cock instead of just tracing its profile. I released her clit and slide my two fingers inside her.

During this time of exploration I was so caught up into what was happening between Alison and I that I was driving without thinking and was in her driveway just as my fingers found their way inside her. I wanted to slap myself as the car came to a stop outside her house. I knew it couldn't go any further with my wife in the back seat, but completely devastated that this time together was ending. As I withdrew my fingers, Alison squeezed my cock one more time, kissed me on my neck and whispered "Goodnight" into my ear. I watched as she walked though her front door and punched the steering wheel when it closed behind her. 

Returning home I got my wife into bed and laid down beside her. I then got angry thinking about all the time I've wasted fussing over Alison instead of pursuing her. I looked at my fingers, the ones that were inside her just 30 minutes ago. I looked at my wife passed out next to me. Then and there I knew I would never lay a finger on my wife again. My marriage has been over for awhile and why I stayed as long as I did I'll never know. 

I didn't sleep that night. I wanted to run to Alison and finish what we started in my car. That wouldn't be right though. It wouldn't be fair to Alison or my wife. She stopped being someone I just wanted to fuck a while ago. I just needed to make sure what I wanted. What my plan was going to be moving forward and how I was going to make everything work the way I wanted. I wanted Alison. Not just her body, not just for pleasure, not just for a night. I wanted a life with her.

At sunrise I packed a duffle bag and was out the door before my wife woke. I needed to get away. My mind and body were still high on Alison. My thoughts consumed with the feeling of her fingers gently tracing my cock. The warmth and wetness of her pussy as she accepted my fingers inside her. Three days away, that's what I figured I needed to form a rational decision.

I lasted two. I knew what I wanted and who I wanted. I've known for awhile, even before the other night's events. For so long I held back on all my urges to be with Alison, too scared to act on them. It was now more than the fear of rejection. It was the fear of turning my life upside down, turning her life upside down, all over feelings that I weren't sure were mutual. I needed a push, some sort of signal and she gave me that the moment she placed her head on my shoulder. The moment she opened her legs for me and allowed me to feel her from the inside. The moment she took my throbbing cock in her hands. She wasn't just looking to be pleasured, she want to please me as well.

Finally I had something to go off of and I wasn't going to let it pass. Of course it occurred to me that she was drunk and could possibly regret the car incident. Every scenario started going through my head as I started my drive back to town to confess my feelings to Alison.

Maybe she would ask me, "what makes you think that you deserve me?" To which I'd answer, "all I can say is that I'm no better than anyone else, but no one is better than me. I look at you and you are everything I ever wanted. I don't know if I deserve you, but I think no one else is worthy of me. If you just give me a chance I'll give you all of me and never give you anything less than my everything. I stand before you now willing to do whatever it takes for us to be together."

I'm sure she'll ask me about my wife, her friend. I'll tell her how I'm leaving her. My marriage is done no matter what we decide here today. If I can't have you, I don't want anyone. I'm done pretending to be happy. Done being unfulfilled. Done being with anyone but the best. As for your friend, she's not. She's a part time friend at best and the things she has said about you, what she says behind your back aren't all friendly. She fake and someone who you don't want in your corner. 

Maybe she will burst into tears and ask, why? Why do I want to make things in her life more complicated than they already are? Why am I bringing her this drama? To that I'll calmly state that I can't change the way I feel. I didn't mean to fall for you but I have and I can't go another day without you knowing my feelings for you. I'm not here to hurt you or cause any more suffering than you've already gone through. My only wish is for one chance to show you that I'm the one you were meant for.

I'll tell her that I can't change how we met or our past. If I could, I'd have us meeting long ago and under different circumstances. I'd say the past doesn't matter, whatever it consisted of, it brought us to this moment. It brought us to today where we have an opportunity to start something special. As for what happens tomorrow, that's when we write our story that is filled with love and laughter.

I've even consider the conversation going sideways. Alison laughing in my face calling me a fool. Maybe even getting angry, yelling that I'm a peace stealing mother fucker who is selfish, only out trying to making her life more complicated than it already is. Throwing in my face things that my soon to be ex-wife said about me. Saying that I was the last guy on Earth she'd dedicate herself to. That I needed to leave and never come near her again or else she was calling the police. Yes, I was even prepared for that but still driving to her because at least then I'd know. No more wondering. No more should of, could of, would of.

On that drive to see her I knew the biggest challenge I was going to have was convincing her I was being for real. All these emotions I would soon be dropping on her were going to be coming out of left field. I knew that she had no idea of my feelings. All I was after was a chance. For so long I stopped myself, waiting for some sort of signal from her before throwing my fate into her hands. Relief filled me as finally I'd know, one way or another, if this was going to be a crash and burn disaster or the first day of forever. 

I honestly didn't know which way it'd go or what to expect as I pulled into Alison's driveway and parked my car. Was this going to be a moment of fate or humiliation. Either way I was ready as I walked up to her house and knocked three time. The door opened and there stood Alison.