 John stared at the huge mansion from across the street, the place was lit up like a christmas tree and he could see dozen of cars parked in the driveway. This far away he could only see that huge curtains had been drawn across the tall windows. The bright welcoming lights contrasting with the dark windows. 

John knew why and it was that knowledge that was making his guts tie themselves in knots. It was what was making him take so long to get out of his car and walk up to the door. His fingers played with the small black card he had been given to get him in. 

He had received the invitation from his boss after they had gone on a business trip together. Some expo in a huge convention centre filled with bored businessman staring at the latest advances in pipe cleaning technology. As is true of most of these kinds of thing they spent more time in the traveling than the actual event itself. So it was that they found themselves sitting on a train talking about contraceptives. 

When his boss had offhandedly mentioned that he and his wives sex life had improved tenfold when she went through the menopause, John had said he was jealous. He hated wearing condoms, but with all the disease around you had to play it safe. His boss had asked him if he wanted kids and he told him that he like the idea but didn't want to have to raise them, at least, not right now. At that his boss had gone quiet and he didn't think anymore of it, nor did he think it strange when a week later he was asked to provide a urine sample for a random drugs test. So when his boss had came into his office a week after that and put forward the invitation to this "get together" he had been taken aback. 

So now here he was, taking a deep breath he pulled open the car door and headed up the driveway, the invitation held tightly in hand. The imposing doors of the house loomed over him and he again felt the urge to just run away. Instead he pressed the call button on a intercom beside the door. 

"Yes! Who is it" Came the curt male voice from the intercom 

John swallowed before replying, "I'm here for the Exhibition. The names John West." 

There was a short moment of silence before a he heard a buzzing sound and was told by the voice to step inside. Heart in his throat John stepped inside. 

There was a Doorman waiting for him,although he looked more like a bouncer to John's eyes. He took John's name and his invitation, checking it against a clipboard he held. Satisfied he turned and led John deeper inside. The place was huge, instead of the usual design of a single large staircase in the centre there were two off to either side. Both of them curved the main atrium, leaving a wide open space that went up to a high white ceiling. 

Looking straight ahead, John could see straight through what looked like the kitchen and out to the garden. He could make out maybe a dozen people milling around in the garden, even from here he could tell they were all naked and he found his eye drawn to what he realised with surprise where two men sat beside the pool. One of them was sat on a sun lounger with his legs spread a the other was bent over his lap. his head rhythmically bobbing up and down. A few feet away there was an elderly woman talking animatedly to a younger woman, seemingly unaware of the scene going on a few feet from her. There was something so surreal about it all that John felt the urge to laugh out loud, it was only his nerves that kept him silent. 

"This is your first event isn't it sir?" Asked the Doorman. 

John snapped back to the now, "Eh, yeah." He stammered in reply. 

The door man nodded solemnly. 

"Then allow me to explain the layout." He said, gesturing to the two doors that led off from the atrium on either side. 

"The downstairs is mostly for conversation, it is split by the two kind of sexual relations you may seek." He pointed to the left doorway, beyond which he could see a crowd of people, all in varying degrees of undress. "The left of the house is for those who seek to practice "safe" sex," He added, pointing to the large bowl of brightly colour foil packets by the door. "We provide prophylactics to meet your needs free of charge." 

Turning back to the right door, "the right side of the house is for those that wish to practice unprotected sex. Everyone here has passed the same checks as yourself. Everyone here has been certified disease free." 

Finally he directed John's attention up the stairs. "The upstairs is for those who seek purely sexual relations and the split is much the same." He turned back to John who was trying to take this all in. "You are not required to undress but we do ask that you remove your socks and shoes. we can also deposit any valuable in our safe for you. If you wish to undress we can provide a robe." 

Finally the Doorman handed John a small pamphlet before leading him to a side room where there were small changing rooms. Thinking back to the way he had seen the other people dressed, almost uniformly nude or in the red satin robes that hung from the wall in the changing rooms. He decided it would be better to change. Whilst he stripped his clothes off he looked at a large notice that had been screwed to the far wall. 

At the top of the notice, in large script where the words "RULES OF PLAY" below these was a list of the rules. The core points were that you must ask permission before touching another person in any way and must also stop whatever you are doing if asked. There was also a reminder of the split of the rooms and a warning that breaking these rules could lead to being expelled from the party and possibly prosecuted. Pulling on the robe and handing his clothes over to the Doorman John stepped back out into the atrium. 

Needing a drink to steady his nerve, he headed to the kitchen. Walking into the kitchen he saw five people milling around a table that had a variety of drinks on it. The people in the kitchen all seemed to have some form of clothing on and were locked in conversation with each other. As he watched he saw a few people playfully fondle each other before walking away with each other, either into one of the other rooms or out to the garden area. Looking out to the garden John caught site of the two men again. As he watched he saw the man receiving the blow job put his hand on the other man's head, pushing it further down on to his cock as he screwed up his face in pleasure. After a few seconds he released the other man's head, his slick cock falling from his mouth. Then the other man grabbed his head and, holding his mouth open, poured a stream of semen from his mouth to the other man's. 

John was shocked, partly at what he had just seen and partly at how unfazed every other person seemed by it. He should not have been surprised really, the kind of people that come to swingers parties are not going to be fazed by the sight of two men trading cum. Heading over to the table he poured himself a rum and coke and tried to collect himself. 

Wandering over to a door that led into the right side of the house he saw that it seemed to be split into several rooms. From where he was he could see a living room area that was mostly taken up by a huge semi-circular couch. A few people were relaxing and chatting on the couch so John wandered over and took a seat, sipping his drink. 

Taking in the rest of the room he saw that there were about 10 people spread around the room. It seemed to be an even split between men and women most of which were either wearing the same kind of robes as John or nothing at all. 

Everyone seemed to have already paired off in the room, directly opposite him on the couch there was a burly man with a huge black beard. His hand disappearing between the legs of a middle aged blond woman, his other hand pulling her robe open and fondling her large breasts. Her hand was wrapped around his broad, rigid cock and they seemed lost in each others pleasure. 

Movement in the corner of his eye made John tear his eyes away from the spectacle before him. A woman was walking toward him across the room, she was one of the few people he had seen wearing regular clothes, although ironically that only made her stand out more. She was wearing a grey and black hoodie jacket, with the front zipped up completely. Along with that she had on an extremely short tartan skirt that gave John tantalising flashes of her sex with every step. The clothes, combined with her short raven black hair and petite figure made her look like she was fresh outta high school. 

Sitting down beside John she gave him an appraising look up and down. 

"Would you like to fuck me?" She asked bluntly, almost making John burst out laughing and the harshness of it. 

Looking into her Opal eyes he found himself lost for words, the way her top somehow managed to hint at the pleasures hidden within made it hard for him to concentrate. Instead his body gave his answer for him, his cock rising to full hardness and sliding between the gap in his gown to stand proud in his lap. 

"I'll take that as a yes then?" She said, looking down at his erection, her tongue darting across her lips as she did. 

John could only bring himself to nod in affirmation He had never really considered himself well endowed, his cock always seemed a little too thick to him. But the women seemed pleased with it as it jutted up from his lap The head red, dully reflecting light. She gave it an approving nod before standing up in front of John. Behind her John could see that the other couple had got bored of just using hands. The woman, her robe now on the floor, had climbed into his lap and was riding his cock with wild abandon. Seeing his fat cock sliding in and out of her slick pussy so easily only made John feel more aroused. 

The woman in front of him looked over her shoulder at the other couple, unzipping her top and revealing her bare flesh beneath. Turning back to John she smiled down at him. 

"Quite a show," She said, turning around and starting to back herself onto John's cock. From this angle it gave John a perfect view of her shaved pussy, moisture beading on her outer lips. The sight was enough along to make John want to cum. Reaching one hand between her legs she grabbed John's cock, guiding it into herself. 

As John saw her lips start to be parted by the head of his cock she turned her head to look at him. A mischievous smile on her face. 

"Let's show them how it's done." 

With one smooth motion she buried John's cock inside of her down to the hilt. John felt himself about to explode so, not wanting it to end so soon, he grabbed hold of her hips. Pressing her down on to him and stopping her moving. His head pressed into the back of her neck as he fought to keep himself under control. 

For her part the woman had let out a primal cry of pleasure when she bottomed out. Drawing glances from the other people in the room as she did. 

Holding on to her tightly John eventually felt in control enough to loosen his grip and sit back. It seemed like had been waiting for that moment because the woman immediately began to buck her hips madly. John's cock sliding easily in and out of her tight pussy. The sensation causing the cum to rise in his balls yet again. 

Knowing he was not going to last much longer he decided to be proactive. Without thinking he grabbed the woman's hips and heaved her up off of him. She was surprisingly light and he almost withdrew his cock from her heavenly pussy as she let out a surprised yelp before slamming her back down into his lap. Quickly he did it again the sound of their flesh wetly slamming together filling the room. He soon had a fast rhythm going, the woman moaning loudly as fluid dribbled down john's cock on to the couch below. 

God only knows how he managed to hold out for as long as he did, every second was a brutal fight to not explode. Eventually however he couldn't fight it any more, the pressure in his balls became too great to stop and he felt himself beginning to cum. 

"Gonna...cum," He managed to gasp out in warning to her before slamming her down into his lap, burying his cock deep inside of her needy sex. 

The woman let out a throaty moan of pleasure and he bottomed out, the sound was enough to push him finally over the edge. He had never felt an orgasm as intense as this the spasms were vicious, every spasm of his cock firing another thick load of seed into her pussy. The force of them was almost painful to him and he was almost glad when he felt himself coming down, his cock starting to soften inside of her pussy. 

They sat for awhile in the afterglow, both breathing heavily as her hands played through his hair and John's hands caressed her breasts. Playing over her erect nipples before sliding down between her legs to find her swollen clit. She sighed softly and pushed her body back into his, resting her head on his shoulder with her eyes closed in bliss as he drew slow circles around her small hard clit. Her soft lips were flushed with arousal and without thinking John kissed her. Sliding his tongue into her mouth as his now flaccid cock slid from her pussy, his fingers quickly replacing it as she moaned into his mouth. 

They sat like this for a long time, cum slowly starting to leak from between his fingers as he worked them in and out of her pussy. Her breathing began to speed up and his motions matched her breath, eventually plunging his fingers inside in a blur. The motion raining cum down on to his crotch. 

His efforts were rewarded when, with a desperate cry of pleasure, she finally came. Doubling over in his lap as she did, her whole body shaking as she pulled his hand away from her crotch. It took a good few minutes for her to be able to speak again afterwards and even longer to walk. 

When she did stand up her legs were shaky under her and her face was bright red. Turning back to John she smiled down at him, taking in his soaked crotch and sated expression. 

"When you feel up to another round come and find me." She said before turning and walking out of the room. Leaving John with nothing but the smell of her pussy on his crotch.