 ***This story is dedicated to MG, truly a god amongst men - mind, body, and soul - who drives me wild in ways I'll never understand.

*

I'm racing across town, pushing the capabilities of my boxy little car, barely slowing for stoplights. My mind is focused on one thing and one thing only right now...him. He's finally here again - in my zip code. And I can't get to his hotel fast enough. Granted, once I get there, I plan to play it cool. We agreed to be adult about this and not rush into anything too soon. We're going to take our time and get to know one another. No sex. I have to keep reminding myself of this. No sex. Maybe if I keep repeating it, my pussy won't be so wet and hot for him. Yeah, right. But that's the deal. No sex. We're gonna keep ourselves under control. 

But damn, the first time we met, the sexual tension was palpable. We wanted one another so badly. I'll never forget walking up those stairs at the brewery to meet him...seeing him sitting there at the very first table. My god, I couldn't climb those stairs fast enough. And then he stood up to hug me, this mountain of a man. As he bent down to greet me and his long, strong arms enveloped me, I realized his presence was extraordinary. He had this way about him that put me at ease immediately. And not only was he insanely gorgeous with his tight, dark red curls, thick beard, and killer smile, but he was taller than any human being I'd ever met. My heart is in my throat just thinking about our first moment together. 

But no. Not today. Today we're gonna keep the sexual tension under wraps. We're gonna take our time to get to know each other better in person. We're not some horny high school kids. We can control ourselves. We CAN control ourselves. No sex. 

But I'm not totally buying into my own bullshit thoughts as I screech into the parking lot of his hotel and pull into the first space I see. After turning the car off, I quickly glance in the mirror of my visor to make sure my thick, pouty lips are looking kissable. Check. I hop out of my car and straighten my casual black cotton dress. I give my boobs a quick push in the upward direction, then off I stride towards the front entrance of the hotel. I point the remote over my head in the general direction of my car to lock it, not even looking back to make sure the lights blinked confirming that it's secure. I don't give a fuck right now. Steal the goddamn car for all I care. I get to see HIM.

I scurry rapidly into the lobby of the hotel. I check my phone to retrieve his text. "I'm here, baby. Room 312. Come as soon as you can." That was only 20 minutes earlier. I probably look way too eager showing up so soon, but I don't care. He's here again. Finally.

I walk over to the elevator and press the UP button. I press it again and again impatiently. Finally, after what seems like an eternity, the elevator beeps and the doors open. It's empty. I leap inside and press the "3" button, then press the ">> <

"Michael," I say as I feel my face flush a bit.

"Come in," he says, stepping aside. I walk into the tiny foyer of his hotel room and freeze as he closes the door and re-locks it. He turns to me and looks me dead in the eyes. I'm staring back up at him intensely. Our eyes are locked. Our bodies, motionless. But the heat between us, without another word spoken, is off the charts. It's almost painful. Without warning, he takes an aggressive step towards me. Suddenly his fingers are entangled in my red curls, his other arm is around my waist, pulling me into his strong, massive, gorgeous body, and his lips are pressed tightly against mine. I feel my body go limp from the pure ecstasy of one simple kiss...a kiss we've both rightfully longed for. He pulls me tighter, even closer against him. I moan against his mouth as my nails dig into his biceps. I feel his cock growing and twitching in his jeans against my exposed left thigh. He then moans in answer, but quickly breaks his lips away from mine. He's still close to me, but I feel lost for a moment without our bodies pressed against one another. My inner child pouts, wanting his lips on mine again. But I crane my neck to look up at his massively tall stature and take him in. He is a god amongst men. I'm a tall woman but at 6'8, Michael towers over me by almost an entire foot. His once thick curls are now shaven down, but his sexy beard remains. His broad shoulders are so intimidating. His large hand reaches up and brushes my cheek. I realize my mind has been wandering, filled with lust for this glorious specimen of a man that I just want to drink in for an eternity. "That kiss...." he whispers, his voice trailing off.

"I know...." I breathe, then look up into his eyes again. He stares back, a fire clearly burning within him. I'm quite sure my eyes mirror his as I feel a fire burst forth from deep within me. I bite my lip, which seems to trigger something animalistic within him. He growls at me - a deep, guttural growl like a wild animal. Again he lunges at me, taking my face in his strong hands, and kissing me even more deeply than before. Our tongues entwine this time, exploring each other's mouths. Licking, tasting, savoring. 

I didn't realize he'd been pushing me backwards until I feel my back hit the wall with a small thud. He never breaks our passionate kisses, but his hands leave my face and travel downward to my big, beautiful tits. With forcefulness, he grasps them and gives them a possessive squeeze. He moans against my mouth. I moan back as my hands devilishly snake downward and rub his cock on the outside of his jeans. His entire body shivers beneath my touch. He breaks our kiss, but rests his forehead against mine as his eyes squeeze shut and his mouth falls open. I keep rubbing his clearly immense cock and just watch him submit to my touches. I feel extremely in charge to have such a man weak from my very caress. My victory doesn't last long, though. He looks down at me, towering over me in the most deliciously intimidating way. That fire in his eyes is more brilliant than ever. Without a word, he pushes up the hem of my dress, reaches down the front of my panties, and glides his fingers through my soaking wet slit. I close my eyes tight and lean back against the wall for support as my knees buckle beneath me. Two of his fingers find their way downward and he pushes them inside me...hard. I can feel him watching me as he begins to fuck me deftly with his index and middle fingers. I can't bare to look at him...I'm already too lost. 

He pushes his body against mine again and whispers, "You like that, Nicole?"

"Yes," I pant.

"You made my cock painfully hard."

I nod, unable to find my words.

"I should punish you for that."

I nod again, agreeing to whatever this fleshy god of a man wants from me.

He swiftly removes his fingers from within me. In one quick motion, he rips my panties off of my body and tosses them aside. I'm still dazed - drunk on lust and emotion. I don't even notice as he undoes the button of his jeans, unzips them, and frees his sublime cock. I didn't get to see it, though I knew by instinct that it was perfect in every way. I'm brought back to reality as he presses me hard against the wall, lifts one of my legs, and guides his cock so that the tip of it rests against my slippery folds. He leans into me and our foreheads touch again. I can both feel and hear his labored breathing. He pushes his entire body forward slowly. I savor each inch as he fills my tight pussy with his hard shaft, stretching me wider and wider, until he's deep within me. He withdraws gently. I feel so empty as he leaves my body, but then he quickly fills me up again, making me feel whole once more. He kisses me. I kiss him back as he moves slowly in and out of my body. His other hand finds my breasts again, squeezing and pinching. I reach down and pull them free from inside my bra and dress. His mouth falls open at the sight. Without missing a beat, he grabs one of my tits and brings it towards his mouth as he leans down and begins sucking on my nipple. His huge, thick cock continues to move in and out of my cunt with burning precision. 

"Oh, Michael...." I whisper as I run my fingernails over his scalp, digging in ever so slightly to signal my pure pleasure. He moans against my nipple, sucking harder at it. I'm more wanton than I've ever been in my entire life. "Michael...Michael, baby...fuck me."

I don't know why my seemingly small plea stopped him dead in his tracks - but it did. He stopped every delectable thing he was doing to my body, stood up, and just stared down at me. Again our eyes met. This time, though, I wasn't sure what he was thinking. He was just staring at me, but his eyes had a wickedness behind them...a wickedness that was sure to work in my favor. 

But then he suddenly pulled his cock from within me altogether and again I felt a void without the luscious invasion he was driving through my body. And when he turned and began to walk away from me, I felt a literal and figurative distance between us that I didn't appreciate at all. He went over to the desk nearby and in one swoop of his hulky arm, cleared everything that was on it and sent it all crashing to the floor. He took the three steps back towards me, grabbed me by the wrist, and pulled me towards him. Michael scooped me up into his arms again, kissing me with a ferver I'd never experienced before. Our kiss was over as soon as it'd begun, though. He guided me towards the desk and positioned me so that I was forced to bend over it. When I looked up, I noticed I was now in front of a mirror. As I rested my body weight on my elbows, I saw my tits still swinging free of my bra and dress. My nipples were just barely grazing the cold, hard, lacquered wood of the desk's surface, making them stiff. 

I gazed into the mirror just in time to see a huge smirk across Michael's face. He, too, had been watching my nipples stiffen beneath me. He lifted the hem of my dress so that it rested on the small of my back. The smirk never left his face as he undressed himself. I watched and patiently awaited my fate. Soon, he was fully naked. Over my shoulder, I could finally see his huge dick in all it's glory. It was as I suspected - fucking perfect.

Michael leans his body over mine, placing his hands on the desk mere inches from my own. I can feel his hard, beautiful cock resting against the crack of my ass as he presses his chest into my back and we stare into the mirror before us, into each other's eyes. "So beautiful," he whispers as he bends and kisses down my shoulder. My lips part to say something in return, but no words escape as I feel his lips come into contact with my hot skin. I'm so utterly lost to this beautiful man. 

I feel him position himself at the entrance of my cunt again. Our eyes are locked on one another in the mirror as he begins to re-enter me. Simultaneous moans of relief escape our lips as he sinks balls deep within me once more. He holds himself motionless inside me - not only letting me adjust to his massive girth, but also savoring his flesh against mine. Soon, though, it's apparent that neither of us can wait much longer. He begins to move his delicious cock in and out of my soaking wet pussy again. Just as I close my eyes and concentrate on the fluid movements of our bodies, he grabs a handful of my hair and jerks my neck to one side. My eyes pop open as he sinks his teeth into the flesh of my neck, biting me, sucking on me, marking me. "Yessssssssssssssss," I hiss. This brings a devilish smile to his face and his pace quickens. 

His hands move beneath me and find my breasts. His thumbs and forefingers find my nipples and begin twisting and tweaking them. I'm pushing my ass back against him to meet his thrusts. His face is next to mine and we're watching each other in the mirror. Our lips slightly parted, beads of sweat already rolling down our foreheads from the excitement of it all. "Ya know what I want?" he asks, through gritted teeth. I shake my head, still unable to muster words as he relentlessly pounds my cunt. "I want you to cum all over my cock." 

I shake my head in agreement as he removes one of his hands from my tit and brings it down and around to my pussy. He misses a thrust, only to allow his hand to snake beneath us both. His fingers part my soaking wet pussy lips and his index finger immediately finds my hard clit. "Oh, baby, you're so wet for me," he purrs. "I love it. I love what we do to each other. My god, Nicole, your clit is already so hard. Are you ready to cum for me?"

I nod excitedly. His index finger starts pressing down on my clit, making swirling motions as well as up and down movements simultaneously. All the while, his glorious cock is still moving in and out of my hot little pussy at a fevered pace. My entire body is on fire from emotion and lust. This perfect man assaulting every pleasurable spot all at once - it was just too much. I didn't want to cum yet, but there was no humanly possible way to stop myself. I had no choice but to give in to my body as it started convulsing. Waves and waves of pleasure began beneath his fingers and spread to every inch of my flesh, right down to my toes. I stiffened beneath him and rode out the best cum of my life, my pussy creaming all over his harder than hard dick as he continued to fuck me, undaunted. 

Finally, my orgasm subsided and I was left in a heap of spent nothingness on the desk. Michael lifted me slightly, pulled my dress up over my head, discarded it onto the floor at our feet, then laid me back down onto the desk before him. His fingers fumbled with my bra for a moment until he was able to remove that as well; it joined my dress. He grabbed the sides of the desk. It took everything I had left in me just to look up in the mirror and see his knuckles turning white. I knew then that I was in for it. 

Without a word, he began his outstanding assault on my cunt once more. There was no build-up. Michael started fucking me as hard as he could, with everything he had. I put my hands up onto the mirror in front of us and pushed back to steady myself, giving him full access to my entire being. He thrust inside me harder and harder, until I knew by the look on his face that an explosion was imminent. He pulled his monstrous cock from within in me and stroked it with his hand a few times until his cum was shooting all over me. It kept flowing from within him - spurt after spurt - covering my shoulders, my back, my ass. Eventually, with a satisfied grunt, he let go of his magnificent cock and placed his hands on the desk on each side of me to steady himself, breathing heavily as we continued to stare at each other via the mirror. Soon, he smiled, "No sex today, remember?".

Spent, naked, and covered in cum as I still laid beneath him on the desk, I giggled. "No sex," I repeated. 

Michael reached down, grabbed his t-shirt, and wiped his cum off my back with it. After tossing it aside, he reached beneath my waist and pulled me upright. I leaned back against him. There we stood, both naked in front of his hotel room mirror, two very happy, very satisfied souls. He spun me around to face him and gave me a light kiss on my nose. He then turned and guided me towards the bed. We hurriedly climbed in and he immediately pulled me close to him. We spent the afternoon cuddling and talking - about nothing and everything. We agreed, of course, that there wouldn't be ANY more sex for awhile. No sex. None. That monumental agreement lasted all of 10 minutes before his exquisite invasion of my body began once again....