 Warning this story was written in England using English vocabulary, spelling and grammatical conventions. Some readers can find these disturbing.

*

My palms moistened, my heart began to pound. My chiming mobile was telling me that Rita's friend was actually calling to speak with me! I stabbed the buttons, clumsily.

"Ms Lewis?"

"Yes?" My hand was none too steady, my voice shaky.

"This is Rita's friend. She informed me that I might be of some service to you."

"Oh my God, you mean -"

"Yes," he cut in, "but you will have to do exactly as I tell you. For the present you can back out any time you like but that is the end of the game and you won't hear from me again. Now if you would like to play find a pen and paper."

Clutter cascaded from table to floor as I scrabbled to discover a biro that actually worked. "OK," I replied, somewhat breathlessly.

He chuckled at my tone. "Don't be nervous Ms. Lewis, a little afraid perhaps, but there is absolutely no reason to be nervous. I am about to dictate a web address, write it down and then read it back to me. If you have the correct address I will ring off and you must log on to the site immediately. Your user name is Ms. Lewis, capital M, capital L, a stop after the s, a space between the stop and the capital L. Your password is our mutual friend's first and family names, capitalising the initial letters of both with a space between them." He read the address out twice, slowly and carefully annunciated. I read it back to him and whilst I was repeating the terminating 'dot info' the phone went dead.

I rushed over to the computer, booted it up and waited. And then, I waited. 'Shit,' I cursed, "Windows is installing updates..." I was irritated and agitated. I began tapping the pen on my desk impetulantly. Logging on was worse, talk about fat fumble fingers, finally I found my way through the routine.

"Welcome Ms. Lewis. First, you have to trust me implicitly. If you are confident that you can do that download the little piece of software below and set it running on your computer."

I knew that that could be dangerous. It could be anything, steal my details, wipe my computer, spy on me, who knows. But Rita had assured me that I could trust her friend and that in his own twisted way he was completely honest. I could not know about him, I had never even met him, but I did trust Rita. I clicked on the download button and a new icon appeared on my desk top, a tiny naked woman kneeling on all fours. I stared at the icon for several minutes before I summoned up the courage to click on it.

"Welcome to Datancrypt, secure internet connections." God was that all, a secure and encrypted link.

"Your licence permits you to connect to the following:-" Below was a single button labelled, 'A friend'. I clicked on it.

A new screen appeared, "Welcome Ms. Lewis are you free until tomorrow afternoon?"

Yes and no buttons appeared and with a trembling hand I clicked upon 'yes'. Well I was free. A new message was displayed.

"Good. Then please click on live in the menu-bar of the software and next choose web-cam in the drop down box."

The screen changed, the upper three quarters displaying a view of my embarrassingly untidy room, the remainder a wide yellow bar. A message appeared in the bar in large dark blue sans serif font. "Please stand where I can see you".

I stood up and posed before the camera, mesmerised. I knew what was coming but I was going to go through with it anyway. I could already feel my hairy minge dampening the gusset of my panties.

The message changed, "Stand a little further back so I can see all of you." I complied and saw a scruffy waif with long, rather rumpled blond hair wearing a creased and baggy t-shirt and tight, blue, use-distressed jeans. On the other hand she had pert breasts, a pretty face and was slim of hip. "Excellent" was the comment, "You are a most attractive young woman Ms. Lewis". Young? flattery really can get you places. Then the next message proved my expectations correct, "Strip naked". Men! They are just so predictable but hopefully something more interesting would follow.

As I tugged my old t-shirt over my head I thought, 'My God here I am undressing for a complete stranger whom I have never met, nor ever even seen, on the word of a friend. Then a terrible thought hit me, if this hits You Tube I'm dead. He was right I was scared but despite this, or perhaps even because of it, I was feeling very frisky indeed. I dropped my all too casual jeans next, wishing that I had been dressed a little more sexily.

After I had broken with Brian, my last long term boy-friend, I was angry for a long time. Then nature intervened and my body started to crave physical satisfaction despite my head still abhorring the emotional consequences. What I wanted was a real no-ties, deeply satisfying, relationship; but how to find one of those? Could they exist? One night stands were always a disappointment leaving me either angry or frustrated and all too often both. Affairs are sordid and someone usually gets hurt badly in the end. I confessed my dilemma to my friend and confidant Rita. Her response shocked me, she asked a lot of very intimate questions. When she enquired if I had tried anal sex I insisted that she tell me just what the hell she was up to. She explained, or rather she fobbed me off, by revealing that she had a friend who might be prepared to help. If he did I would, however, have to be willing to undertake any and every kinky perversion that I could think of, and some that I couldn't, with whomever he choose. With a wolfish grin she passed me a mobile telephone number.

It was a week later that I gained the courage and desperation to ring; I mean anal sex! Unsurprisingly I was directed to an answering machine, "after the tone please give your sex, your full name, your age, your number and details of how you heard of me. Should I happen to have a suitable vacancy, I will ring you back to see if you would like to fill it. Click. Beep"

"Female, Leslie Anne Lewis," I stuttered, "twenty nine." I gave my mobile number and told the machine I was a friend of Rita. That was over two weeks ago and now I was pulling my panties down, presumably for whoever had taken that phone call. At least my briefs were clean, and better still a lacy, coffee coloured frothy creation calculated to excite.

"Nice, very nice" appeared below my image. Then, "Are you feeling randy?" Yes and no buttons were presented. I clicked 'yes'. "Would you like to come?"

'He's going to make me masturbate, he's going to make me masturbate for the camera,' and I broke out in goosebumps as I clicked 'yes'. "Go to the door, unlock it and then return with what you discover there."

I was really nervous now but my curiosity, together with my freely flowing sex, conspired to get the better of me, so I complied. As I unlocked the door I discovered someone had slipped a black airline sleep mask through the letter box. When I returned to the computer a new instruction had appeared. "Is the sound working on your computer?" I clicked 'yes'. "Place an arm chair in front of the computer so we have a clear view and then sit down and splay your legs over the arms." I was quivering; but with anxiety or anticipation? Even I could not decide which. Once I was seated, my sex spread humiliatingly wide, the message changed once more, "Put on the mask, dangle your arms over the side of the chair and then do nothing until instructed otherwise, especially no touching." This was really scary, I was going to be fucked by a complete stranger that I would probably never even be allowed to see! Notwithstanding, I was so turned on by the whole procedure that I followed the instructions, despite my numerous reservations.

After a couple of tense minutes I heard someone open the door. They crossed my wooden floor to stand in front of me. I tensed up and began to sweat. But, rather than the brutal penetration I was expecting, the lips of my sex were spread gently. Then pure bliss, my visitor did not immediately commence fucking me. Instead, in turns, they began licking up and down my gaping pussy, sucking and slurping on my clitty or nibbling my outer labia. These rapidly escalated the level of my excitement and I could soon hear the sounds of my own muff making little bubbling noises all by itself. Each time my guest concentrated on my clit they spent a little longer until they were taking me to the very edge of orgasm. Time after time they repeated this procedure and to add to both my pleasure and my frustration they began to roll and pinch my nipples.

Whoever it was, they were a master of their craft and I was soon desperate for release. Naturally, when a finger or two were finally slipped into my slot as they continued to lick and suck on my swollen red nub, I simply exploded with delight. I was soon crying out loud with unabandoned joy as they induced climax after climax to wrack my body. They were good, too good, and I possessed of too much pent up frustration: I was rapidly transformed into a spent, dishevelled, sweaty heap. At that point they departed, leaving me sprawled over the chair utterly exhausted and panting for breath.

"You may take the blindfold off now." It was the computer but with Rita's friend's voice. I pulled the mask over my head and read, "That was so good I recorded it, now press play and watch what a wanton performance you gave, you shameless little tart". I pressed the arrow key to see myself sitting in the chair legs akimbo with just my blindfold on. The invitation, "You may masturbate if you wish" appeared in the panel below this image. Someone entered my room, they appeared in the frame and turned to the camera. My God it was Rita! I had just had a woman make me come and enjoyed it. No I had really enjoyed it: the way she teased before she had pleased had made me just melt. I was mortified. I blushed crimson with shame. I was a lesbian! No I reassured myself I was a desperate and randy woman enjoying an orgasm or three, I couldn't have helped help myself and I didn't know. But my God, Rita how could I face her again? Was she a... But any such conjectures faded as I was distracted by the video.

I watched spellbound as Rita sucked and licked between my thighs. When she began to mould and pinch the soft white flesh of my bosoms a hand slid unbidden to my crotch and I began to finger myself rhythmically. My on screen explosion triggered the start of a second series of gentle orgasms. I had never felt so lewd and licentious before, but then I had never been so embarrassed by myself before either. As I came on screen: I sweated, I sighed and I cried, I swore using really disgusting language, I bucked and I squirmed under the sheer intensity of those climaxes. Finally I collapsed, chest heaving sucking in great lungfuls of air, a helpless, damp and sweaty wreck. God, but had that felt so good!

"Do not go away Ms. Lewis, Ms. Williams is all prepared for her pleasure now".

'Who the hell is Ms. Williams?' I thought to myself. Just as I recalled whom, I saw her anyway. It was, of course, Rita. There she was on the screen. She was sitting stark naked in a chair, just as I had been. As were mine, her legs were splayed over the low arms and she too was blindfolded. Then the difference dawned upon me, her ankles and wrists were tied securely to the arms and legs of the chair rendering her utterly powerless to prevent whatever came next. 'Her I expect,' the silly joke making me giggle to myself.

Three men strolled into view, all naked and strutting with the straight backs of body builders. Their already erect cocks were swaying in rhythm with their gait. All three were obviously keen users of the gym, devotees of the workout and utterly unembarrassed. Each was handsome, strong and muscular. One was very tall, with crew cut blond hair and piercing blue eyes. I could not help but notice that, despite his stature, his member was the smallest of the three. The middle man, dark, swarthy, brown eyed and rather hairy had a somewhat larger organ which was already twitching with anticipation of the events to come. The shortest I scarcely noticed because all I could look at was the biggest cock I had ever seen; blue veins swarming around its considerable girth like some obscene, parasitic climbing plant. It were as if his physique had drained from his stature into his groin. It was he who moved out of sight and presumable he who made the date and time appear on the computer screen. Unless this had been fixed very carefully I really was seeing Rita live. She must have raced home to be ready in time for all this, who ever had tied her up waiting for her return. Had she known this was going to happen to her or had it been a surprise?

Blondie, the tallest of the three, knelt between her legs whilst his two colleagues began to work upon a nipple each, sucking, licking and even biting gently on her swollen teats. Their six hands were literally everywhere. Rita began to sigh softly, her breathing becoming progressively more erratic. Gentle moans became interspersed between the sighs, sometimes accompanied by soft grunts of satisfaction as the men discovered new pleasure spots. Blondie restricted his attentions exclusively to her pussy. The other two, however, began to explore the rest of her body with their mouths as they now used their hands to stimulate her stiff red teats and tightly crinkled areolea. They sucked her fingers, licked the soft flesh inside her arms from her wrists to the crook of her elbows, up and down, up and down, taking care to maintain symmetry between them. Rita was now sighing, crying and moaning quite loudly, air sometimes whistling over her teeth as she drew breath sharply. By the time the two men reached her soft white neck and pendulous ear lobes she was panting with pleasure and sighing with delight.

All the while Blondie devoted himself to exciting her increasingly reddened sex. Clearly he was rolling her toward orgasm but then stopping just short of allowing her an actual climax. Oh to be teased by such an expert and to be helpless to either prevent it or to expedite matters with one's own hand. My own secretion of love juice had gone into overdrive and I became aware that I was, yet again, massaging my own slick slot and fingering my own hot hole. Two fingers were sliding rhythmically in and out of my lubricious chasm whilst I pinched and rolled my own swollen nipples between the thumb and finger of my other hand. I was masturbating again and rapidly approaching a third set of climaxes. I tried to slow down, attempted to keep pace with Rita, but the men continued their teasing of the poor woman inexorably until I could contain myself no longer. Orgasms racked my body.

I could not believe this. I had had no idea that I could be driven to be so lustful. And these were not soft gentle climaxes as the second set had been. Oh no. These were full-on hard, almost violent, explosions of pleasure every bit as intense as those Rita had extracted from me earlier. I was ashamed. Not only had Rita demonstrated my lesbian potentials but now I had definitely been exposed as a closet voyeur. To make matters worse, the fact I had not been viewing a total stranger but had been watching my closest confident and best friend being teased had made it all the more exciting for me. Still I had a nagging doubt that I had already known that. Certainly Rita and her anonymous friend were altering my perceptions of my own sexuality.

As I gradually recovered from those paroxysms of pure delight and despite my envy of her current situation, I began to wonder how Rita herself felt. No relief for her. No respite from the attentions of the three men. Just endless titillation of her tender and sensitive parts with not one, but three pairs of hands, three probing tongues, three pairs of supple lips and three sets of nipping nibbling teeth. Rita's breathing was now out of control. When she could manage speech, which was by this time seldom, she was begging the men to: spear her, shaft her, shag her, fuck her, buck her, bang her, and above all to let her come. The trio finally responded but only by the tall blond man moving away so her pussy was no longer receiving any attention at all. Rita cried with despair, this was the last thing that she wanted. The view on my screen changed, he had obviously plugged in a portable web-cam as I was treated to a close up view of Rita's gaping pussy. It was pulsing all by itself as it pumped thick viscous white fluid which dribbled down the crack of her bum. The seat below her plump buttocks was stained dark with her sticky secretions.

The camera arranged to the man's satisfaction he resumed his ministrations to her sex but now sliding a pair of rigid fingers in and out of her hot hole very slowly indeed. "Faster you fucking bastard! Go faster. Please, oh please let me come." His response was to withdraw the two fingers, replace them with the identical pair on the other hand, and use one of the now glistening, slippery digits he had just withdrawn to explore the dark and puckered hole below. As the finger slid into her backside Rita emitted a loud grunt; of pain or pleasure I could not tell. "No not my arse, please I can't bare that as well," but as he maintained that slow pistoning of her sopping sex he repeatedly distended and dilated her anal sphincter as well.

Whilst the trio continued to torment Rita the view of her displayed on my screen alternated between the two cameras. Then, to my surprise, a third camera was brought into play depicting the scene almost from above. This was, paradoxically, perhaps the most obscene angle of all. You couldn't see Rita's pussy nor her tits, just the three men's heads, but you could very clearly view the huge pleasure that the triumvirate were delivering to her. When Blondie finally ceased his simultaneous probing of Rita's two most private tunnels they had been working on her for a very generous half hour and she was delirious with lust.

At long last Blondie knelt up, placed the helmet of his member against the entrance to Rita's pulsating tunnel and began to shaft the distraught and desperate woman. Just as with his fingers he was using long slow deliberate strokes. First sliding his stiff sword inside of her until it was buried to the hilt and then unsheathing it fully before he administered his next lunge. Rita gave a long juddering "ooow" each time he plunged his turgid rod into her squelching sex. A noise that was followed, quickly by a loud sigh of satisfaction as he finally slammed his pubis hard against her gaping mons. The only question was, was Rita having a series of really intense orgasms or experiencing one long continuous wave of bliss?

He continued pounding her for a full two minutes. The view from the camera below made me giggle, it showed his balls slapping against her bum at the end of each of those intensely satisfying thrusts. I wondered if Rita were aware of that particular sensation? Probably not on a conscious level but despite that it would be yet one more stimulus delivered to her already overloaded brain. She had to be having multiple orgasms, nobody could come for that long without a break. Whilst he maintained this systematic rhythm the other two men kept up their stimulation of her distended teats, permitting Rita no respite whatsoever from the assault on her senses. They too were very good at what they were doing, they sucked, rolled, pinched and nipped her nipples in two very different and highly unpredictable ways, ensuring that her poor nubs had no opportunity to become desensitised in any way whatsoever.

Rita was delirious, practically unconscious when the man began to hump his muscular buns rather more rapidly. Soon he emitted a series of grunts of satisfaction that were terminated with a long loud sigh. He was done. But of course he was replaced immediately by the dark hairy man. He kept his rather larger shaft inside of Rita the whole time, making very short strokes indeed. The tone of her reinvigorated whoops of delight demonstrated that he had, however, discovered a very sensitive little spot indeed. A place that Rita's he was exploring and exploiting most thoroughly. The tall blond man, naturally took over attending to the otherwise abandoned breast and Rita just kept on coming.
