 It was early evening when Peter arrived home. Setting his golf bag down in the corner of the garage he braced himself mentally for the evening ahead. Must appear normal! He went through the garage door into the breakfast room, calling out his presence.

"Hi, I'm home!"

He walked through into the kitchen just as Diane answered.

"Hello. You're late - good game of golf?"

"Yes, sorry, I had a drink afterwards with Ian and Zoe in their garden. And no, I had a terrible game."

She was stood at the worktop, preparing salad for their evening meal. He pressed up behind her and slipped his arms round her waist, reaching up to cup her full breasts through the thin Lycra top she was wearing. He leant forward and kissed the side of her neck as she tilted her head for him, smiling in appreciation. As he caressed her he began to harden, and pressed against her firm buttocks. She was wearing a long, thin, floaty skirt, and either no panties or a thong, as he could clearly feel the divide of her buttocks. She moaned softly, her eyes closed as he continued to kiss and nibble her neck, jawline and ears; her nipples hardened under his caressing. How different she feels to Zoe; softer, more rounded ...so familiar.

"Home alone tonight – we'd better make the most of it." He whispered in her ear, then pulled back from her; she opened her eyes with a start.

She turned her head and looked at him quizzically.

"What do you have in mind?"

"The works, the Full Monty ... bonking in the bedroom, lust on the lino ... " he waved his arms theatrically as she smiled indulgently at him " ... shagging on the shagpile, cunnilingus in the conservatory, dildos on the deck, buggery in the broom-cupboard and gynaecology in the garden ... all those things you can't do when you've got a child at home." He grabbed her round the waist again, spun her round to face him and kissed her passionately as she hung in his embrace like a rag doll.

"Phew! What got into you?" she gasped as he broke the kiss.

"It's what's going to get into you that you should be more worried about." He grinned down at her. "Right, I'm going to shower, shave and make myself devilishly handsome. If you know anyone who wants to take advantage of me, send 'em on up."

And with that he leapt for the door in a ludicrous impersonation of Rudolf Nureyev. Fortunately, he didn't fall flat on his face. Diane listened to him leaping up the stairs, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand, shook her head and widened her eyes in bemused disbelief, then went back to her salad preparation. Ten minutes later, she took a bottle of white wine from the fridge, opened it, then grabbed two glasses from the cupboard and went upstairs.

As she entered their bedroom, she heard the sound of his razor coming from the en suite, and Peter groaning and howling above it. As the razor stopped, she heard him pause the caterwauling, then utter those immortal words ...

" ... A crowded room ..." in a strangled, nasal groan.

"Oh goody, I get to see Eccles naked!" she called out, putting the bottle and glasses on his bedside cabinet.

"Yehss, mine Kapitain! And Bluebottle will show you his cardboard sword!" came the high-pitched squeal in reply.

She walked into the bathroom; he was standing naked at the basin, inspecting his shaving efforts in the mirror, running his fingers over his face as he pulled various grimaces to tighten the skin. She stood behind him, on tiptoes to rest her chin on his shoulder as she slipped her arms around him and cupped his soft tackle in both hands.

"I say!" he muttered suavely, ά la Hercules Grytpype-Thynne "Can I help you miss?"

"Bluebottle, I hate to tell you, but your cardboard sword has gone all soggy and limp in the shower ... wait a minute ... ooh, it seems to be drying out nicely." She stroked his burgeoning hard-on gently, smiling at his reflection in the mirror. If she knew where it had been this morning ...

She gave his erection one last stroke, then, turning sharply and catching him a playful back-handed slap on the rump she went back to the bedroom and poured two glasses of wine, one of which she took as she slumped back on the bed, sitting against the pile of pillows that rested against the headboard. She kicked off her sandals and sipped the chilled Chardonnay.

"There's wine out here!" She called to him.

"Just a mo' ... tryin' ... to ... lift ... hard-on ... out ... of ... basin ... " he grunted in mock exertion.

With a flourish, he flung the bathroom door open and struck a pose, his hard-on bouncing comically against his belly.

She eyed him disdainfully over the rim of her glass "Very nice dear, now come and put your jim-jams on and mummy'll tuck you in and read you a story."

"Will mummy tell me the one about Snow White gettin' shagged by the seven dwarves? Or the one about Cinderella in the lesbian gang-bang with the ugly sisters?" he wheedled pitifully.

"Nope. Now, do you want dinner before sex, or sex before dinner?" she paused for a millisecond "Too late! Dinner first!" then slipped off the bed, grabbed the wine and sidestepped past him as he made a forlorn grab for her.

"Bugger!" she heard him hiss vehemently as she ran through the door. She giggled loudly and skipped down the stairs.

They ate dinner, then adjourned to the living room. He slumped in his usual corner of their large settee, and in an unconscious re-enactment of the morning, Diane sat down beside him and leant back against him. His arm slipped easily over her shoulder and his hand found her breast. He couldn't help but contrast the full softness against the pert firmness of Debbie's, the familiarity of his wife compared to the exciting newness of the young girl. He began to stiffen, which she felt under her elbow. She reached up and stroked him through the soft jogging ends he was wearing, then slipped her hand under the waistband and gripped him firmly.

"Oh, Ian and Zoe have invited us round for a lunchtime barbie tomorrow." He said, relaxing into her gentle manipulation of his cock.

"That'll be nice."

She wriggled around on the settee until she could lie beside him, then leant down, pulled his waistband out with her free hand and took him in her mouth, suckling on his glans before pushing herself down further. He moaned appreciatively and watched her full-lipped mouth moving slowly up and down his shaft, feeling her tongue swirling firmly against his glans. Good job I showered ... what if she could taste Zoe on me? ... God that fuck was horny ... so unbelievably unexpected.

She stopped sucking. "Shall we go upstairs?" she said, looking up at him with a wicked grin and a raised eyebrow.

"Hmm. Yes, that would be good you cock-sucking little strumpet."

She squeezed him hard, which made him yelp and flinch, then got to her feet and led him by the cock, Kathleen Turner-style up to their room. He stripped his t-shirt and jogging ends off frantically, then threw himself on his back on the bed.

"I've got to pee first."

"Oh do hurry up, woman!"

"Be patient."

She disappeared into the bathroom, then returned a couple of minutes later, naked. She stood beside the bed, letting him admire her as she looked down on her. A rich chestnut brunette, attractive in a way that reminded him of Jamie Curtis, her full breasts had always attracted him; beautifully shaped, with small areolae and perky nipples. Her figure was otherwise slim, fit and well-toned; she had slim thighs and a bare mons, which she shaved daily. Wonder what Zoe looks like nekkid?

"Ok, big boy, turn over on your tummy." She commanded.

Raising his eyebrows in mock alarm, he did as ordered. He felt her get onto the bed, straddling his calves, then she ran her hands up his thighs to his buttocks. Using her thumbs, she pulled his cheeks apart, then he felt her hair tickle his thighs as she leant forward over him and gently probed her tongue around and into his anus; he groaned in appreciation of the pleasure, pushing his hips up to meet her. She pushed the tip of her tongue firmly into him; there wasn't much penetration, but it felt divine.

"Like that?" she asked quietly, pausing briefly.

"Hmm; you know I love this – don't stop."

She resumed the licking and probing of his anus; he reached under himself and made his erection more comfortable. She paused again, then he felt a finger being eased slowly into him; again he moaned pleasure and encouragement. She buggered him slowly, using the full length of her finger, for a couple of minutes, his hips flexing in time with the penetrations as he rubbed himself against the duvet. She leant forward over him, tickling his back with her hair and rubbing her breasts against him, then removed her finger, much to his disappointment.

"Ssshh ... wait." she admonished him as he groaned.

He was aware of her clambering across the bed, her bedside drawer unit being opened, then some scuffling around before she clambered back across the bed to straddle him again. Suddenly, she was pushing two well-lubricated fingers inside him; again he moaned quietly in pleasure and pushed his hips up against her penetration. She moved her fingers slowly in and out, twisting them gently as she did so. After a couple of minutes of this, she removed them again, and he sensed her moving over him, her hair again tickling his back as she looked down at whatever it was she was doing. Then he felt the tip of the latex anal dildo she was wearing in a harness pushing gently into him.

"You want me to bugger you? You do, don't you?" She said softly but firmly.

"Yes."

She pushed firmly into him as he braced his hips up, feeling the lubricated dildo stretching him as its girth expanded. With a couple of inches inside him, she paused, eased back out of him, then pushed slowly back in. The pleasure was exquisite, every nerve ending in his anus stimulated. If Zoe could see me now! Wonder if she does this kind of thing with Ian? Wonder if she likes to be buggered?

The two of them had done this many times together, and Diane knew just how to move to bring him the most pleasure. She pressed all the way into him, then leant forward to brush her breasts lightly across his back and kiss him.

"Ok?" she asked quietly.

Peter just groaned his pleasure. Diane moved out of him, then began to bugger him slowly, with full strokes. Soon, she leant over him and quickened her pace and the force of her strokes, pushing his hips down against the bed with each thrust. After a couple of minutes he wiggled his hips.

"Stop now." he moaned quietly "Want to fuck."

She unbuckled the harness and moved aside as he rolled over, leaving the dildo inside him. She turned to face his feet, straddled him and reached down for his cock. Holding it upright, she slowly lowered herself onto him, feeling his hands on her hips. She too was very ready and slid down him easily. He raised and parted his knees and she reached down and grasped the end of the dildo and began to bugger him again. With the other hand she began to masturbate. She managed to work her hips, feeling his hands moving over her rump, a thumb teasing over and then into her anus. As her arousal grew, she could no longer concentrate on working the dildo, so let go and moved her hand to her breasts, squeezing them firmly and pinching her nipples. She could now fuck herself more vigorously on his cock, and Peter held her hips, lifting her up and pulling her down firmly. Soon, her head went back and her fingers worked hard and fast across her clitoris as she came, grunting and gasping as the release washed across her groin. It was long and intense, but finally she relaxed, her head slumping forward.

"Phew!" she gasped.

"Good?"

"Mm-hm."

He put his hands on her waist and pulled her down onto his chest – she managed to get her legs out from under her and lay them outside his. He cupped her breasts and squeezed gently as he kissed the side of her face. She was still breathing heavily when he rolled them over and began to fuck her. Diane braced her knees against the bed and pushed her hips up to give him maximum penetration, moaning softly with the pleasure of each deep thrust of his cock into her. With the dildo still in his arse pressing against his prostate it only took him a couple of minutes of vigorous thrusting to bring on his climax, which was very intense.

"Fuck that was good!"

Diane chuckled quietly. He leant forward and kissed her cheek, then eased his rapidly deflating cock out of her before reaching round behind him to pull the dildo out of his arse. He clambered off the bed and went into the bathroom to clean the dildo, then his cock. Susan joined him, sitting on the toilet spread-legged to clean up her vulva with tissue.

They returned to the bedroom and got into bed, cuddling for several minutes. Even though it wasn't particularly late, the sex and the warmth of the bed made them sleepy, and soon Diane turned to spoon into him and go to sleep. As he held her against him he thought over the events of the day, and of things to come.