 The Middle Fork of the Salmon River in Idaho is the best wilderness river trip in the lower 48. Flowing north through the Frank Church Wilderness for 100 miles, the scenery combined with world class fly fishing and whitewater excitement makes the Middle Fork a destination for people from all over the world.

I rafted the Middle Fork for over twenty years, with friends and family. Three years ago I decided to retire from my law practice. I had been a slave to my profession for too long. I specialized in land use and urban development. It was professionally rewarding, but my marriage and my health were casualties. I made more money than I could spend, so I decided to do what I wanted to do. One part was guiding the Middle Fork during the summer, then being a ski instructor for the winter and, in between, fishing and hunting to my heart's content. 

I found that being a river guide suited me. I love being in the outdoors, experiencing the changing nature of the river during the season and sharing my love and knowledge of the river.

That brings me to last July. All the guides were waiting at the launch for our clients to arrive. We looked the part, fit, tanned, wearing river shorts, funky t-shirts and sandals. The young guides were typically taking time off from school to be a river guide for the summer. Others simply loved the outdoors and this was a great to earn money.

As the buses started to arrive, we assembled to meet the clients. This group was typical. We had several older "tree hugger" couples, several families with kids, and two young recently married couples. What was a bit unique was that we had a single mother, around 40, with her 9 year old daughter.

I was assigned the mother with her daughter. I run a command raft, which means that I am doing all the rowing and the clients can either enjoy the ride or they can fish. Having just two people in my boat was a bit unusual, as I tend to have three to four.

Just before the Forest Service orientation meeting, the guides are given a quick chance to meet their charges. I was taking Jackie and Annie for their first raft trip. It was apparent that they were not used to the outdoors. Their clothes and gear were all brand new and very expensive. Jackie was a beautiful woman. She was a tall slender brunette who looked as though she worked to stay in shape. Annie was a precocious kid who looked very much like her mother.

At the river's edge, we loaded the boats. There were three paddle boats that require that everybody gets a paddle and works under the direction of the guide to make it downstream. There were four command boats like mine and we had we had six inflatable kayaks for the adventurous. We were supported by two sweep rafts that carried the food, tents, luggage and other essentials for the trip. They do not carry clients and they had already left to get down river in order to set up for lunch.

Jackie looked a bit relieved to be riding in my raft. I am not sure she knew what to make of the younger guides with their wild hair, assorted piercings and rumpled look. As we started floating, I explained that we were going to be bouncing off rocks and that we might get stuck which would require me getting out and pushing. Beyond that, I told them to put on sun screen, sit back and enjoy the river.

The Middle Fork in surprisingly small at the top and it is very demanding directing a 15ft raft down the first 18 miles of the river. Jackie seemed very nervous at first, but Annie was having a blast. She loved getting splashed and helped me spot the rocks. During the first calm section, Jackie asked when we would have cell service. When I told her that we would not have service until we got off the river, she was less than pleased. 

Jackie and Annie were from Connecticut. Jackie's dad was raised in Idaho and had made arrangements for the trip. He wanted his daughter and granddaughter to experience some of the best his home state had to offer. I was not surprised that this trip was not Jackie's idea.

As we floated along, she slowly started to open up about herself. She was a divorced single mother who worked as an attorney in New York, specializing in patent law. Annie split time between parents and this summer was Jackie's turn to have her. Annie's dad was a physician in North Carolina.

When we pulled into our campsite, all the other boats were already tied up. I got out and showed them to their tent, where all their gear was in place. The guides who run the sweep boats are the chefs and the rest of us help set up and entertain the clients before dinner. 

Dinner was a big hit and the group moved to surround the fire to sing songs. One of the guides brings a guitar and leads everyone in campfire songs. The rest of us cleaned up and set up for the morning. It had been a long day, so most everybody turned in early.

As the sun met the river, the clients began to stir. The guides had already been up making coffee and getting breakfast ready. Everyone seemed to have slept well and seemed in good spirits looking forward to a day on the river.

Once everybody had eaten, we loaded up our clients and headed down river. 

I was pleasantly surprised when Jackie showed up in short shorts and a tight t-shirt that showed off her beautiful breasts. The younger guides took note, but there were enough young beauties about to keep their attention. Annie asked if it were okay if she rode with her new friends. I checked with the guide of that boat and we agreed it would be okay. That left Jackie and I alone to float the river.

Early on, we ran a pretty feisty rapid and Jackie got wet. It was still early and she was cold. I gave her my fleece jacket. I knew there was a warm springs coming up and asked if she wanted to stop by and warm up. It is a small spring that has a pool about the size of a bathtub. As a result, few large parties stop by. Being the last boat, I had the option to stop. Jackie loved the idea, so about a half hour later we were warming ourselves in the hot spring.

To protect the hot springs, soap is not allowed to be used in the spring. However, you can take a bucket of hot water elsewhere to clean up. I brought a collapsible bucket and towel along. Jackie initially balked at the idea, but then realized that a warm shower would be nice. I filled the bucket and we found a spot just a couple yards from the spring. She wanted to wash her hair, so I poured the water over hear head, after a thorough washing, I rinsed her hair. She wanted to know if I could get another bucket. I said "sure." She also wanted some dry clothes, but her pack was on the sweep boat. I offered my shirt, which she reluctantly accepted. I left the bucket with her and went back to the spring. She called a minute or two later wanting some help rinsing. I headed her way only to find her standing naked with her back to me. She apologized if she was making me uncomfortable, but she really wanted to get all the soap off and the collapsible bucket was making things difficult. She had a beautiful ass with spectacular legs. She tried to cover her front as I poured water down her shoulders, but I did catch a glimpse of her spectacular tits. When the water ran out, I handed her a towel and headed to the spring in order to hide the bulge in my pants. I heard her coming and looked up to see her in my shirt, with the towel wrapped around her waist. If she was embarrassed, she did not show it. Jackie asked if I could put her clothes on the raft to dry. The dry July air was quickly dried her hair and clothing so that before we caught up with the group for lunch, she had changed back into her shorts and t-shirt.

Annie was happy in the other boat so Jackie and I had the afternoon alone. As we floated, she told me that she had been divorced for two years. She and her husband maintain a good relationship for Annie. I asked her if she was seeing anybody and she said that she was "too busy". For the first time, she asked about me. I told her my story. She was shocked that I was an attorney. She was even more surprised that I had attended the University of Chicago School of Law. It was hard for her to understand how I could just walk away from the law, but after I explained the toll it had taken, she began to understand. She wanted to know about my family. I told her that I had two grown daughters and that I had a good relationship with their mother. She wanted to know if there was somebody special in my life, but I said that there wasn't. She wanted to know if the cute young female guides tempted me, but I said that while they were beautiful, they were too young.

The afternoon sun made things very warm so Jackie asked if it would be okay if she took off her life jacket. I said "sure", as I knew that there was no serious whitewater for the remainder of the day. After taking off the jacket, she leaned up against a bag strapped to the side of the front bench and then stretched out across the bench. She was not wearing a bra and her white t-shirt did little to hide her breasts. Clearly, the most amazing scenery was on the boat right in front of me. Then luck kicked in when a small wave splashed just right and water landed on Jackie. She said that I did that on purpose, but I swore that while I was an excellent river guide, I was not that good. Her now wet t-shirt was virtually transparent, but she made no effort to cover herself. I apologized for getting her wet, but she said that it was okay and then she asked if I was "enjoying the view". My startled response was that I had the "best view on the river". 

Again, the dry air did its work so when we made camp we went our separate ways. I was busy helping set up dinner. Tonight was 80's night, so the young guides were off working on their costumes and putting the final touches on the show.

Dinner was a fabulous pork loin with all sorts of wonderful side dishes. Desert was apple and peach cobbler. The clients were very happy. After the sun finally climbed out of the canyon, the show began. I tend to leave this stuff to the young guides, so I helped clean up. With the show in full swing, I slipped down stream to take a quick dip. I knew a perfect spot for a secluded bath. Once there and sure that I was alone, I stripped down and poured some water over my hair. I moved out of the water to wash my hair and soap myself. I rinsed myself with the bucket of cold water, but got some soap in my eyes. I stumbled back to the river for more water and rinsed my eyes. Thinking I was alone, I stood there drying myself and enjoying the evening breeze. I then felt that somebody was watching me. Turning around I saw Jackie off in the distance watching me. When I saw her, she quickly turned around and headed to camp.

I could hear the show winding down, so I headed back. As often as possible, I sleep under the stars. I have a favorite little spot a good ways away from camp so that I can have some privacy. My ground tarp and sleeping bag were tucked in behind a big log on a sandy spot. I sleep in shorts just in case something happens in camp and I need to help. With the moon in full bloom, I was just about asleep when I heard something. It is not unusual for critters to run around after dark, but this noise was different. It was bright enough with the moon that I could see without a flashlight. I heard the noise again, but this time it was much closer. I sat up and looked over the log to see a person walking towards me. Not to scare them, I quietly coughed. The person stopped and looked my way. In two more steps toward me, I realized it was Jackie and even more incredibly, she was totally naked except for her sandals.

Realizing that I was not dreaming, I stood up. She walked around the log and came to me. I took her in my arms and we deeply kissed. Her body was cool next to mine, so she hugged me even closer. After a moment, she stepped back and pulled off my shorts. My cock was fully erect as she took it in her hand. She began stroking it and massaging my balls. My mind was struggling with this real dream. I laid down on my sleeping bag but I asked her to stand for a bit so I could take in her beauty. Her pussy was cleanly shaved. Her breasts were not large, but they fit her slender frame perfectly. The white moonlight made her that much more beautiful. She joined me on my sleeping bag. I laid her back and began to gently rub her skin. Her nipples quickly hardened as I caressed her breasts. I slowly moved my fingertips down her belly to her pussy. She was already very wet and my exploration caused her to moan. I rubbed between her legs and then we kissed. She gently pushed me onto my back. With her long fingers, she brushed my skin sending shivers all through my body. With my cock about ready to burst, she slid her head down and began sucking my throbbing penis. I warned her that I was about to cum, but she continued. My body began to explode as I filled her mouth, but somehow she took it all in. 

She quietly rested her head on my stomach, which gave me time to come back to earth. She then came up and we hugged and kissed until I could feel my cock coming alive. Jackie could feel it too. I was able to reach down to her soaked pussy and rub her clit. We were both moving towards orgasms. I got on top and she spread her legs and guided my cock into her pussy. She arched her head back and moaned as I pushed my cock all the way into her. With one full stroke, I felt her raise her back and tighten her legs, I then rammed my cock deep into her again, which pushed us over the edge. Our mutual orgasm was long and deep. When we were finished, we collapsed into each other's arms. 

I covered us with my sleeping bag and we slept in each other's arms until the dim light of sunrise shown over the ridge. I awoke Jackie and she quietly kissed me and headed back to camp. It was then that I realized that we had not said a word to each other the whole night. We had simply let our raw desires rule the night.

As camp came to life, I packed up my campsite and headed over to help with breakfast. Jackie was one of the last to come in for coffee. I went to say hello and found out that Annie really wanted her mom to ride with her in a paddle raft. This was a good stretch of river for that, so I picked up a guy and his son from the paddle raft who wanted to do some fly fishing and the day was set.

Jackie and I exchanged glances during the day but we did not have a chance to talk. During the day Annie and her buddies had convinced their parents that they wanted to sleep out under the stars. Jackie felt that she needed to be a part of the fun so I was left to myself for the night.

The next day, I had another father and son who wanted me to guide them for a day of fly fishing. Jackie was in another command raft with a couple mothers, while their kids floated in the paddle raft. Again, the best we could was the exchange of a few sly smiles. As we pulled into camp, I had just the spot in mind for my camp, which would provide us with another night of outdoor pleasures. Unfortunately, Annie had gotten into a patch of poison ivy and was showing a very uncomfortable rash on her legs. It was apparent that Jackie would be tending to her daughter through the night. 

In the morning, Jackie and Annie were in my boat. Annie had not slept well and wanted to be with her mom. By the end of the day, Annie was feeling much better and I was beginning to feel that there might be a chance for Jackie and I to enjoy one last night together. My hopes were quieted when I remembered that our last campsite was a big sand bar that provided little or no privacy. 

When we pulled in I intentionally put my raft at the far end of the sand bar, away from the other boats. 

The last night's dinner is a big Italian extravaganza. We make dutch oven pizza and lasagna, other pasta dishes, salads, bread and of course, wine. We finished the dinner with ice cream made with a couple old hand crank ice cream makers. The senior guide, who has made a career guiding, provided the campfire entertainment by singing, reciting stories and poetry. This is always a great night on the river.

As the evening wound down, I headed to my raft to make my bed. I love sleeping on my raft because of the rocking of the water. I was able to make it possible for two to lay on the bench and the cooler up front. A couple of large dry bags strategically strapped to the upstream side of the raft also provided a little privacy.

The last night is always late as folks want to prolong their time on the river. After midnight and before the moon came up, the camp was quiet, except for a poker game on a sweep boat for the guides. I was sitting with my back against my raft when I saw a person walking my way. As she got closer, I could see Jackie wearing a bikini top and a towel at her waist. My cock nearly ripped my shorts at the sight as she discarded both items when she knew I could see her. We kissed and held each other, quietly laughing about how things had kept us apart the last couple nights.

Jackie sat down on the front of my raft. I stood and took off my shirt and shorts. She grabbed my cock and squeezed it, while she sucked on my nipples. I returned the favor and played with her tits. We got onto the raft to lay down. She immediately grabbed my hand and put it between her legs. Her pussy juices were already running down her legs. I put a finger in her pussy and used my thumb to twiddle her clit. The combination caused her to cum. Watching her orgasm almost made me cum, but I was hoping for some more attention for my cock.

When she caught her breath she slid off the bench and kneeled on the floor of my raft. I slid over and put my cock right to her face. She eagerly began sucking and then she deep throated my cock. I nearly went overboard. She continued this until I started to cum. Again, she hungrily swallowed each drop of cum I could produce. I fell back exhausted.

She joined me on the bench and we kissed and held each other. Before long, I felt the stirring of my penis. I love kissing and sucking tits and especially loved doing her tits. She rubbed between my legs until my cock was stiff. In response, I stuck two fingers into her pussy. I slid to the floor of the raft and pulled her around so that I could eat her pussy. With the slightest lick of her clit, she moaned and lifted her hips. I could not take it any longer and I rolled her over and put my cock into her pussy from behind. I slowly moved my cock in and out of her soaked pussy, while reaching around and pinching her nipples. It only took a few strokes for her to cum and squirt her juices all over me. This caused me to cum with so much pleasure that I rolled off her too exhausted to speak.

As we lay in each other's arms, I sensed that someone was nearby. I sat up to see a couple of the guides from the poker game up on the hill watching us. I had no idea how long they had been there, but they both stood up and headed back to camp. 

Jackie wanted to wash herself before heading back to camp. After she waded into the river for a cold dip, she dried herself off and headed back to camp wearing just the towel. 

I immediately feel asleep. I slept past my usual wake up time and one of the guides had to come down to wake me up. As he headed back, he turned around and gave me a thumbs up and said that I had "made him proud".

For the last day, I had Jackie, Annie and a couple of her new pals ride in my raft. We had lots of fun with the big rapids on the last day. As we came up to the take-out, I could see the busses already were there. I always hate that sight, as it means that I have just finished another trip down the Middle Fork. But this time, it was unusually difficult as I knew that I would likely never see Jackie again.

At the end of the trip, it is tradition for the clients to tip their guides before saying goodbye. The tips are pooled together and evenly shared among the crew. 
