 Doug and Leigh were hiking through the woods, he was in front of her and she admired him from behind. The boy had a nice butt, she thought, and she enjoyed looking at him even more than she did at the scenery. Not that the scenery wasn't beautiful, they were hiking in the woods along a river, and she loved to look out across the river at the far bank as well... but he did have such a cute butt. That and his hair was long for a guy's just a little below his ears and very shiny, one of her favorite things to do since she met him was run her fingers through it, massaging his scalp. Even though they weren't dating or anything, she couldn't help but feel attracted to him. 

Every once in awhile he would glance back and make sure she was doing ok, brown hair falling across lighter brown eyes, a quick smile that she returned. She didn't know that he was glancing back to see the sunlight glinting through trees onto her dark hair, to watch her breasts bounce under the purple wife-beater she was wearing as they clambered over rocks. He moved like a cat in front of her, lightly springing from rocks to tree stumps, easily avoided the somewhat sketchy parts of the ground. Leigh just kept her head down as she followed him, much more awkwardly, wishing that she had his grace and self-assured movements. Every time she had to have help getting up or down the rocks she felt like the typical girly-girl, and it made her grit her teeth with frustration... she'd grown up as a tomboy, but had taken enough falls from running around heedlessly that she used a lot more caution now. And even though it was nice to have him hold her every time she was helped up or down, it made her feel as though she wasn't someone to be respected really.

"There it is," he turned back to her and pointed, about 20 yards ahead of them, through the woods, she could see a bridge over the water, and could just barely hear the sounds of the cars passing over it. Doug grinned at her and leaped off sprightly, making her sigh inwardly as she hurried to keep up, feeling as awkward as she had as a teenager. 

When the pretty twenty one year old finally caught up with him he was already at the base of the rocks, waiting for her. She went ahead of him up to the top of the highest point, looking out over the river... off to her right the sun was low in the sky. 


"Beautiful," she whispered, more to herself than anything else. Behind her, Doug popped open a beer. 

"Do you want one?" he asked. Leigh wasn't really much of a beer drinker, she didn't really like the bitterness, but she was thirsty so she nodded and opened her own. A few sips later she decided she was done.

"Do you want the rest of it?" she asked, holding it up towards him (He'd already finished his. Typical male.), "I'm not really in the mood."

Smiling he took it from her and took a few sips before putting it down and heading towards the shore of the river. Curious she followed him.

"You ever skip stones?" he asked, picking one up and trying to skim it across the water, towards the slowly sinking sun. 

She laughed, "Yeah, but I can never get more than three or four skips." Flicking her wrist out she sent a stone flying, and sure enough it sank after three short hops. "See?"

Picking up a much larger stone Doug tossed it nimbly, and it actually skipped four times before plummeting to the bottom of the river. Leigh was impressed, the stone had to have been about 4 pounds, she would never have been able to skip it.

"Nice," she said, picking up another stone and trying again. Four skips.

For a few moments they continued skipping stones, but Leigh was getting bored... not to mention she was still overly hot from the hike in. 

"I really wish I could just jump in," she said wistfully staring at the water, it looked so cool and inviting... but she hadn't brought a suit with her... plus she hated the way river water smelled. But damn she was overheated...

"Well... we could," Doug grinned at her, a little mischievously. She laughed and smiled back.

"Maybe wading," she said thoughtfully, pulling off her shoes. Stepping into the water she hissed a little at how cold it was. Doug just stood on the shore, watching as she went in a few inches above her ankles, soaking the bottoms of her capris. Wiggling her toes she made a face at the sliminess of the bottom of the river. Looking up at him she grinned.

"It's freezing... I'm already feeling less hot, but not more than my feet..." she laughed, trying to pull her capris up so that they didn't get more wet than they already were.

"Well... we could..." he smiled, raising his eyebrows at her as the finish to his sentence.

Laughing, she told him, "I can't... I'm wearing a thong."

"Why do girls always..." his voice trailed off as her eyebrows raised at him.

"What?" she asked, challengingly.

"Nothing." he said, in true male manner.

Shaking her head she pulled the strap of her thong out of the top of her pants, "It's just that it's like really white and see-through."

Doug took a breath as if to say something, stopped, and then took another breath, "Actually, I was going to say we could go skinny dipping." Again with the eyebrows.

Leigh could feel her own eyebrows raising on her face. She had never been skinny-dipping... and she had always wanted to go... and she had to admit that doing it with this very attractive guy sounded awfully darn good. But... 

"The ball's in your park," he nonchalantly looked away and then back at her, his eyebrows and eyes saying what his voice wasn't.

She looked up at the bridge overhead, but she couldn't actually see anything of the cars passing above them, even though she could hear them. Doug followed her gaze.

"They can't see us," he told her, grinning, "No one would be looking down here anyway."

Looking around apprehensively, at both shore lines, Leigh could feel something inside herself resolving. "Let's do it," she said, gathering her nerve. Hey, when someone offers a chance to do something that you've always wanted to - and you get to see an attractive guy naked in the bargain - you do it. 

She waded out of the water and up onto the shoreline. Doug smiled at her, almost secretively, and began taking off his shoes as she pulled off her shirt. He took off his as well as she took off her capris and then her bra, nipples puckering as the cool breeze brushed past them. Smiling at her, he said, "At the same time?"

Grinning she nodded, "Ready? Go..." he pulled off his pants - no underwear - and she took off her thong. She had just enough time to see that he had a neatly trimmed bush around his semi-hard uncircumsized penis before he turned and ran into the water. Following more slowly, she tried not to blush as he watched her enter the cold water, her hips and bare mound were quickly covered and then she finally bent her knees so that her breasts didn't feel so exposed. It felt like his eyes were burning imprints on her skin.

Smiling shyly at him she laughed, "Well, I feel a lot cooler... it's freezing!"

"Yeah it is," he came a little closer to her, and she could feel goosebumps that had nothing to do with the frigidity of the water, "But I can think of a way to fix that too."

"Oh really," she breathed, as he leaned forward, his lips gently coming down on hers. The kiss stayed gentle for a moment, and then he pulled her towards him so that she squealed against his mouth as his hands began running up and down the slick skin of her back.

Everything was wet and slick, fun to touch and slippery as they rubbed against each other, kissing deeply and enthusiastically. Leigh moaned against his lips as one of his hands cupped her breast, rolling her nipple between his fingers, and she moved her hips, feeling his completely hard dick sliding along the inside of her thigh. She reached down, massaging the length of it, running her fingertips along his ball sac, which was tight with the cold. Shuddering, Doug pressed his hips against her hand, encouraging the warmth of her skin against his cold smoothness. Lowering his mouth to her breast he sucked one plump nipple into his mouth... the river water on it didn't taste very good but as soon as that was gone her skin was warm and sweet against his tongue.

Leigh panted, running her fingers through his gorgeous hair and tugging on it slightly, making him pull back with her nipple grasped firmly between his teeth. Suddenly he stood and the water seemed to rush off of them, it only came up to mid-thigh on Leigh and everything was much more intense without the cool barrier of the river. Grasping her asscheeks firmly, Doug lifted her up, sliding her smooth mound along the rigid shaft of his dick and placing her slick pussy above it. Wrapping her legs around his waist, Leigh began nibbling on his earlobe, moaning into his ear as his dick began to slowly spread her pussy apart. With her own lubrication and the water from the river she was slick and easily slid down his pole, until it was fully embedded inside of her. It was cold from the river and warm at the same time, a plethora of sensations that teased the inside of her body.

Moving slowly, Doug rocked his hips back and forth, both of them wishing that they could get more friction. Pulling his face away from her body he looked around, spotting a rock that if she was laid on it, would put her at perfect level for him to stand between her legs. He began walking as she squeezed his dick inside of her, muscles rippling over the length of his shaft and making his knees buckle as he tried to maneuver them.

"Stop that... at least for right now," he told her sternly, making her giggle.

"Yes Sir," she said, running her fingers along his shoulders and the top of his back. 

Grabbing his shirt he laid it on the rock as she clung to him, his dick still hard inside the warm confines of her pussy. Carefully he lowered her on top of his shirt, not wanting her to get hurt from any of this. As soon as she was down and laid out before him he started pumping her in earnest, listening as her heady moans mingled with the noises of rumbling cars over head, the setting sun giving her skin a golden glow as cherry nipples heaved up and down.

Leaning forward he pulled her left nipple into his mouth again, sucking for all he was worth as he pounded away at her pussy. Leigh shuddered and cried out, her pussy clasping his dick and massaging it for all she was worth, she could feel the pleasure mounting inside of her. Pulling her towards him, Doug adjusted her body so that her ass was almost completely off of the rock, giving him almost complete leeway as they fucked. 

Suddenly her thighs tightened around his body and her pussy tightened to the point where it was almost painful, his name echoed across the water as she came, nails digging into his shoulders. Her golden undulating body before him was one of the most gorgeous things he'd seen that day, with one final, brutal thrust he buried himself completely in her body, letting loose a torrent of cum from his tight balls. 

They both sighed in completion as he rested his head against her breasts, nuzzling them a little with his cheek and lips. Her fingers wound their way through his hair.

"That was fantastic," she murmured.

"I think we should do it more often," his dick twitched a little inside of her at the thought.

"Absolutely."

Behind them, the sun's red streaks flowed across the sky.