 I was free for the evening so I called up Kim to see what her plans were. She said she was going to the bar with the girls. I told her I would call her when I was done attending a birthday party I had agreed to go to. A few minutes into the party I was already bored. I text messaged Kim and told her I was ready to leave. She told me how to get to the bar they were at. I said my goodbyes and made my way to the bar. After the 30 minute drive I called her to tell her I was outside. Minutes later she met me outside and kissed me hello. Soon we were walking through the bar towards the table of her friends. 

Pulling me by my hand we reached their table and I am soon introduced to several of her friends. After I get a beer to catch up with the girls, we were all out on the dance floor. Guys and girls all just dancing together not caring who with. I danced with several girls and Kim danced with several guys. I watched and got excited from the action on the dance floor. The beers started taking affect on the girls as inhibitions begin to fly out the window. It was nearing midnight and by now I was really turned on. After all, watching Kim shake her ass and her nearly exposed large breasts for several hours would do that to any man and some women. Kim's hands were rubbing and squeezing her breasts knowing what it does to me. Men all around her were trying to dance with her and get her attention. The whole time she stared at me as our eyes never left each other. I could see the burning desire in her eyes. 

She was hot and ready to go some where more accommodating. We decide it is time to leave. Kim and one of her friends gathered up their stuff and we all walk out the door together. We go to Kim's car so the girls can get their purses. There is no way Kim can drive so we take my car to her apartment. Her friend and her husband take their own car and we said our goodbyes. 

Kim and I got into my car and began the trek home. It is a good 45 minutes to her apartment. Luckily it is all interstate and with the time of night there is little traffic. We entered onto the interstate and got up to the speed limit. It was not long before my hard cock is out and her hand is slowly stroking me up and down. I adjusted the steering wheel and next thing I know, her head is bobbing up and down my hard shaft. Her warm moist lips wrapped around my thickness. My head was beginning to spin from the pure ecstasy of her mouth around my manhood. She wrapped her hand around it and began to caress it softly as her tongue licked and teased the mushroom head. Kim began to beg me to cum in her mouth but I knew there was no way I could even think about cumming as I am driving down the interstate. I told her I wanted to wait till we got to her place. 

She was a little disappointed but quickly got over it as she began to remove her pants. Her panties soon followed. She leaned her chair back and threw her left leg over into my lap. Her fingers didn't take long finding her pussy. I couldn't resist so I leaned over and pushed my finger deep into her pussy. It was already so warm and wet. She moved closer letting me finger her while I drove. Kim kept asking me how it felt and all I could tell her was how nice it was. She also kept saying what she wanted to do to me when we got to her place. I thought I was going to burst listening to her. Eventually I let her play with herself as I watched. I love watching women getting off on their own. Her body started to buck as her moans got louder. She started saying she was cumming. I watched as her fingers rubbed her hard clit fast and furious. Just as her orgasm subsided we pulled up in front of her apartment. I quickly leaned over and began to lick all of her juices up off her pussy. Oh her juices were so sweet! She had to stop me so we could go inside. She put on her clothes and we made our way up the stairs to her apartment.

Soon after we were inside, we were both naked and in her bed. It wasn't long before we were in the 69 position with her on top. It was hard to concentrate with her talented mouth working over my dick. I got my licks in though and it was incredible to have her juices dripping into my mouth. Her finger began to toy with my tight little hole. This was something that had been talked about but never done. She slowly worked it in as she continued sucking me. It sensation was intense. Then her finger was fucking me until I couldn't take it anymore. I had to fuck her. 

So I got between her legs and slowly slid in. I took in the sensations of her warm, tight pussy as I sat there enjoying the feeling. It didn't take me long to get the urge to fuck her. And fuck her hard I did. I began to pound her tight pussy with long hard deep strokes. In and out, in and out, in and out. The sound of our bodies slapping together filled the room. My balls were slapping against her ass with each thrust. She kept begging for more. I would get her really close to cumming before I would slow down. I wanted to tease her. I wanted to build up her orgasm. I did this several times. Kim was starting to get really mad at me for not letting her cum. I slowed down watching my cock sliding in and out of her dripping wet pussy. The sight was incredible with the way her lips enveloped me. The way her juices glistened from the candles lit in the room. I caressed and squeezed her large breasts. Sucking on her hard nipples as I continued to slide in and out of her. She moaned even louder with the attention being paid to her breasts. 

I rolled over and pulled her on top of me. She quickly straddled my waist and slid me back into her. She rode up and down my long hard cock as she cupped her breasts. I loved watching her bouncing up and down on me, riding the full length of me with her expert skills. Up and down and then she would grind her pussy against me when she had me all the way inside her. I couldn't take it anymore! I threw her on the bed and get between her legs again. With a quick motion I was again fucking her wet pussy nice and hard. My strokes got longer and harder with each thrust. I could feel the energy building in my groin. Kim was holding onto the bed as I pounded her harder and harder and harder. Going in deeper and deeper. Before I knew it I was about to cum so I pulled out and shot my hot load all over her stomach and tits. There was so much cum all over her. I kneeled there with my cock in my hand squeezing out the last few drops of cum out.

I went to get her a towel to clean up. We laid there and talked for a while but I knew I would need to leave soon. I began to caress her body again. She knew what I was up to. I hovered over her body as I began to kiss her luscious lips. Then I worked down her neck to her waiting nipples. I sucked them into my mouth and nibbling on them. Soon I was moving my way down her stomach kissing and gently biting all the way down to her wet lips. I laid down between her legs and positioned myself to fully devour her pussy. I started by running my tongue over her swollen pussy lips. My tongue caressed them very lightly as I teased her. She used her hands to pull her lips apart to expose her hard clit. She bent her knees as I wrapped my arms under them to keep her near me as I licked her. I pressed my tongue against her wet slit as I moved it up and down slowly at first then getting faster. I then pushed my tongue deep inside her wet waiting hole. I could taste all of her sweet juices and it made me go light in the head. I couldn't get enough of the sweet drug. I began to tongue fuck her with my long hard tongue. 

Her hands moved to the back of my head as she ran her fingers through my hair forcing her pussy closer to my face. It was not long before she was grinding her pussy against me. It drove her crazy when I finally sucked her clit into my mouth. I know what it does to her so I held off as long as possible. But when I finally did it I thought she was going to shoot through the roof. A very loud moan filled the room as I licked her pussy fast with my tongue. Sucking her clit into my mouth over and over as if I was nursing on it. Then I inserted two fingers into her wet hole and fingered her as I drove her wild with my tongue. Her moans were getting louder and louder. I couldn't believe how loud she was getting. I am surprised the neighbors weren't pounding on the walls. Then I finished her off with my special technique that she absolutely loves. That did it! She started bucking and screaming as her orgasm hit and hit hard! She pulled my face into her spasming pussy as she flooded me with her juices. It took minutes before she came down from her high. My face was covered in her sweet juices. I cleaned up and started to get dressed. She could barely walk me to the door her legs were so weak. I kissed her goodbye and thanked her for the wonderful evening.