 I had a face to face presentation with an important client who was in another city about 4 hours away. It was expected to take most of the day, so the meeting would start first thing in the morning. I packed some clothes in my car along with everything else I needed and headed there the afternoon before, planning to stay in a nearby motel so I was fresh and rested.

The first 3 hours of the drive were pretty uneventful. It was interstate highway pretty much the entire way, and traffic moved along at about 10 over the limit. About an hour from my destination, which was on the far side of the city, traffic started to get heavier. The highway was 3 lanes now since we were getting closer to the city, and while cars were still moving at or above the speed limit, they seemed to be in groups or clusters with very few openings . I had pretty much settled in the center lane; I could pass slower vehicles but stay out of the way of the crazies who were hell bent to get where they were going. 

I was at the back of this particular group when I looked in the rearview and saw a silver sports car coming up on me fast. There was nowhere for me or him or her to go, so I just waited to see what they would do. The driver came right up on my back bumper and I could see it was a 'she' that was driving. Mirror sunglasses, long blonde hair, blouse/shirt with a few buttons open. Couldn't check out too much more without risking an accident. She was so close I couldn't even see the headlamps of her car. I muttered to myself, "Geez lady, where do you want me go?"

About that time, traffic in the right lane started to move up a little and she thought there was an opening. Quick as a flash, she pulled into that lane, no signals of course, and began to come alongside me. Then traffic slowed and she fell back. Zip, she was behind me again. Now the left lane sped up a little and she tried that one. Same thing, started to pass me, but traffic slowed and she was back in my lane again. I could see an annoyed look on her face like this was somehow all my fault. I try not to let things like this get to me, so I just laughed to myself about her frustrations.

These back and forth lane changes went on for a couple miles. I just held a steady speed in my center lane while it appeared her anger was building. Finally traffic opened up and the right lane cleared first. She went flying by me, but not before putting her arm and hand out the window with the middle finger extended. Well excuse me, what did I do to you? I could see her weaving in and out of cars ahead. I did catch her license plate, it was SNAZZZI. Got a chuckle out of that.

I drove on really hoping to see her on the side on the road with some flashing lights behind her; where was a state trooper when you really wanted one? I made it to my motel without further incident and got checked in. About an hour later, I was just walking out the entrance door to my car to get dinner and saw a silver sports car pull into the lot. A quick glance at the plate, it read SNAZZZI. I just stood there dumfounded for a minute while the blonde got out of the car carrying her purse and what looked like a wine bottle. Normally I would have let the events of earlier go, but remembering her gesture, I decided to give her a little piece of my mind. I walked toward her and when I was close enough, said "Excuse me! First of all, what the hell was your big fucking hurry a couple hours ago? And in regards to your offer, not even with someone else's dick.."

The look on her face was priceless. She just stammered "Wha.. what are you talking about?"

"You," I made a point of looking at her license plate, "SNAZZZI. About 2 hours ago on the highway you were all over my ass for several miles. Then you went flying by me and flipped me off. Like I said, thanks for the offer, but not interested."

I could see some realization on her face, and also that she was not used to being talked to like that. Now truth be told, she was pretty easy on the eyes and there were some nice swells showing in her shirt. Her jeans were well filled out also, but I wasn't going to let on that I had noticed. She seemed to take affront at my comment because she replied, "That's too bad because I'm one of the best you'll ever have."

Well there was a challenge if I ever heard one. I went through the exaggerated motions of looking her up and down, and just said, "Nope. Not even getting a rise out of me." (which was only partially true)

She turned a little red, grabbed my wrist, and said, "we'll see about that...". She just about dragged me back into the motel and straight to her room. Once inside, she put the bottle down on the table and pushed me to sit on the bed. "Now, what was it you were saying?"

I started to open my mouth as she unbuttoned the rest of her shirt and pulled it off. Her bra was lacy, light pink and just barely contained what looked to be two very nice, firm breasts.

She kicked off her shoes, slid her jeans down and threw them on a chair, showing low cut matching light pink panties with a heart on the front. I still hadn't said anything, so she pushed me onto my back, loosened my belt and pulled my khaki's down around my ankles. Now my mind may have been resisting, but the body was taking over and I was sporting a tent in my boxers. She gave me a slightly evil grin, 'I thought so... Let's see what we have here." A quick tug and my shorts joined the pants at my feet. She leaned forward, wrapped her hand around my dick and gave it a couple strokes. Then holding it, she leaned down and licked the head like it was a lollipop. Well, that did it, I was as hard and straight up as I had ever been. Her panties were the next thing to come off, and she was neatly trimmed with about an inch wide landing strip. She climbed on the bed, straddling me with her pussy just above my dick.

"You want this? You want this hot pussy?" Without waiting for an answer, she lined me up and took my whole length in one stroke.

While she was riding me, I reached for her bouncing breasts, still encased in the silky bra. She slapped my hands away, "Not yet, you have to earn the right to see those." So I started being a little more forceful, pushing up while she was coming down with the effect that I was slamming into her and almost bottoming out. 

I would like to say I lasted an hour, but it was probably closer to 10 minutes when I felt the surging in my balls. "I'm going to cum..." "Do it, I'm so close.., do it in me..." That was all I needed, I let go with several spurts just as she took all of me and her pussy clamped around my dick. She leaned forward with her head on my chest, both of us catching our breath as I slowly slipped out of her. Stretching her legs out, she rolled to the side of me. We laid there for a few minutes and I again moved my hand to caress her breasts. "Not yet..." as she pushed my hand away again. The thought of what she was hiding there just got me aroused again, a fact that didn't go unnoticed. 

She moved up on the bed onto all fours, spread her legs slightly, and looked over her shoulder, "Are you ready for another round?" I got on my knees behind her and reaching around, pushed one, then two fingers into her. "Enough already, get that cock in me!" I pushed into her, holding her hips to pull back to me. She still had the bra on, and I reached forward to caress her tits. 

"You can take it off now." I undid the clasp on her back and the bra fell to the bed. Her breasts were round and firm and fit my hands oh so well. They hung down nicely in this position with little evidence of sag. Now I used them to hold on while I pumped into her. 

I lasted a little bit longer, but when her orgasm hit and she clenched me tightly, I came again filling her up. She fell forward on the bed and I rolled off to her side, my arm still around her holding one of those luscious breasts. We both dozed off.

Groggily, I looked at the clock, it was after midnight. Damn, I needed to get some real sleep. I knew I wouldn't get much if I spent the night with her, so reluctantly I got up and put on just enough clothes to be decent in the hallway. As I was leaving, I gave her a kiss and an admonition. "Please slow down, I don't want anything to happen to those gorgeous tits or lovely pussy", punctuating it with kisses to her nipples and a light finger stroke across her clit. She just gave me a smile.

I hurried to my room, set the alarm and flopped into bed. Morning came way too fast and I showered, dressed, and headed down to get some breakfast. On the way past the front door, I looked in the lot and her car was gone. Safe travels, SNAZZZI.

I didn't get the rest I had wanted, but the presentation and meeting afterwards was a big success. Although I think everyone was wondering about the big smile I had on my face all day.