 Officer Brennan Parker leaned back into his car seat and groaned. He just wanted to go home, his shift had been long and aggravating, just another five minutes and he could clock off and get out of here. Speed trap duty was so tiresome but he was anxious to get this promotion he had been after to get out of this and into proper police work.

He cursed as he saw an expensive looking car drove past making the speed gun go crazy. He wanted to go home, but he was committed to this job, so he pulled out and followed the car. When he got behind the car, he flicked the siren for a moment. He wanted to quickly deal with this irritation and get home to relax.

Tanya Blake just had the day from hell, her car broke down making her super late to work which was only making her day become even worse. Then she finds out that her worst enemy got her desired promotion instead of her, this was again the second time she had been passed over. She was sick of her job, she wanted a change but it wasn't going to happen anytime soon. She was brought out of her thoughts as a siren blared behind her.

She looked at her speed and cursed violently, she was three miles over the limit. She contemplated attempting to escape the cop, but that would only make things more complicated. Not that it could get any worse, she growled in frustration as she looked for a place to pull over. The siren blared again and she had to hold back an impulse to give the cop a rude gesture. It only made her more frustrated, she didn't care now she'd give the cop everything when the fine came out.

Brennan was about ready to grind his teeth in frustration, he could see her now. She wasn't obeying directions, he'd make the fine stick for sure. He was so sick of arrogant drivers who thought they ruled the road and could do whatever they liked. He was about to flick the siren again until she pulled over on a service bay shoulder. At least he didn't have to deal with dodging traffic this time.

Tanya turned off the engine and waited for the cop to get out, she was certainly going to give him a serve. These cops had nothing better to do then to chase down their all-important fines, she muttered in disgust it was a fine she certainly didn't need. Yet more crap that she had to deal with today.

Brennan grabbed his ticket book and opened his door stepping out and walking towards the car in front of him. He wasn't in the mood for anymore shit today, he was supposed to be off duty now but he was stuck doing this. His promotion couldn't come any faster he thought with frustration. He rapped on the window impatiently as the woman seated inside took her sweet time. 

The sharp rap on her window pissed her off even more, she'd give him a stare that would send a lion off whimpering. She pressed the window button and glared at the cop, "What do you want?"

The outburst set him off, he was pissed off now, she was wasting his time. So he would waste hers in return, "Maybe for arrogant speeders to obey the road rules? Get out of the car, miss," he replied angrily.

She looked up at the demanding cop and for a moment was taken aback he was devilishly sexy, especially now his eyes were like dark stormy clouds in deep midnight blue. "Why should I? You haven't given me a reason to," she said. If he was going to play it like that so would she. 

"You've given me reason to suspect you might be hiding something, get out of the car now or this will be more than a fine," he said almost growling his eyes boring into hers.

A shock of apprehension shot through her, the man in front of her was a real man. Too bad for her he was an arrogant cop taking pleasure in fining her. She wouldn't give up quite so easily, she hadn't pushed him quite far enough yet. If it had been any other day she would have just paid the fine and moved on but after the day she had just had, she felt like a raging bull and the arrogant behaviour of the cop only tipped her off even more, she wasn't letting him get away with this, real man or not!

"And what makes you think that? I certainly have nothing to hide, I just don't appreciate the manner that this is being dealt with," she said her eyes glaring back at him.

Her eyes were a vibrant green that just bored right into him, this woman thought she was so tough. He was going to teach her a lesson, "If you don't get out of this car in the next five seconds I'm well within my rights to charge you with failing to respond to commands from a police officer," he would take great pleasure in it too. This woman was pushing him to his breaking point.

Tanya cursed, it was a waste of hunky specimen she thought. Too bad he was a hard ass and was in this situation or she'd probably ask him for his number. She opened the door and stepped out, the best thing she could do right now was to get this over and done with so she could get home and release the stress from her day.

"Hands against the roof and spread your legs, I'm conducting a body search for concealments," he said gruffly. He was going to enjoy ruffling up miss uptight.

She growled under her breath and assumed the position, cop or not she'd whack him a good one if he tried anything. She wasn't a piece of meat, she'd have his badge if he did anything inappropriate to her.

Brennan bit his bottom lip to hold in a groan, she was one sexy woman too bad she was far too uptight for him her demeanour could freeze the balls off a horse. One thing he did know about the uptight is that they didn't like getting ruffled at all. It could at least provide him with some entertainment, he was moving into uncharted territory here with what he planned to do, and impulsive urge had just grabbed hold as he went with it. He started with her underarms, grasping her firmly. He knew the touch wasn't exactly professional but he was past caring, this woman had stirred up something hungry inside of him. He grinned wickedly to himself, it was at least going to be a bit of fun. 

She had to bite her lips to stop a groan from escaping, his rough touch sent a dark thrill through her. She knew she should say something anything, he was certainly not acting professionally and she should kick his ass for it but for some reason she was locked there unable to react. She knew she had to do something or she knew that the hunky cop would think her weak and easy to push around. She pushed back against him and rubbed against his crotch, she almost did let a groan come out as she felt the solid bulge in his pants. He was rock hard against her, now she certainly should do something about it but still she was locked unable to react to it as his hands reached around and 'searched' the sides of her breasts.

"Hold still," he said more of a growl then anything as she brushed her tight ass against his cock straining against his pants. Touching this woman had sent streaks of desire through him, he didn't understand how his frustration of this woman had turned so hot and in a whole other direction. He was certainly going to get his ass kicked for this one he thought. He reached around her and grasped the sides of her breasts, she was testing him so he'd test her right back. He had to bite back another groan as the softness of her breasts gave way under his demanding grasp.

As she felt his hands slide lower down to her hips she jerked and then rubbed up against his groin again and smirked wickedly as she heard his curse and groan that he had unsuccessfully tried to suppress, she was starting to get hot. This was new and exciting, the danger of doing this right here out in the open sent a thrill through her body. "Mind backing off a bit there officer? I wouldn't want you to get into any sort of trouble..." she said to him with a little bit of huskiness in her voice.

The cop was totally gorgeous and even though he was a hard ass, he was making her hot from his touch. His commanding presence spoke to the woman inside of her, she knew he really shouldn't be doing it like this and the fact that she had felt his solidness pulsing in his pants. She knew that this was no longer a perfunctionary search if it ever had been from the start.

He almost chuckled at her comment, she was just as bad as him, if she really didn't want this she would be protesting a whole lot louder than that. "Would you stop doing that?" he asked with gritted teeth as she brushed her tight ass against his cock again. She was going to drive him crazy, he had to get this done now and get out of here or he was going to get into some serious trouble. With the same grasp he searched the rest of her, trailing his hands down her ass and thighs before standing back.

Tanya turned around and leaned back against her car admiring his solid form. She wondered how far she could push this.

"I just need your license and registration now," he said roughly, he had to get away from her fast or he'd likely end up doing something he regretted.

When he removed his hands she almost whined, she was hot now, he wasn't just going to drop her like that after stirring her up, he'd already gone this far she thought wickedly. She opened her car door and retrieved her wallet and the registration papers then handed to the cop. 

"I'll just process these and I will be right back," he said with a hot look.

"Damn..." she whispered to herself as she watched his ass move and the flex of the muscles in his legs and shoulders. She knew exactly what she had to do now, she wanted a piece of that. She was too hot to care now, he had already pushed the boundaries, she was going to break them wide open.

Brennan took longer than he needed to process the documentation, he needed to cool down some, she was a fire cracker. Miss Blake had him so hard he was about ready to burst, he just had to give her back her papers and be on his way before anything else happened. He opened the door and stepped out with her details and strode towards her strategically letting the registration sheet rest over his aching cock.

She gave him a good once over as he approached again, his uniform clinging tightly around his muscular chest, his arms almost tearing up the short sleeves of his shirt. She grinned at his feeble attempt of hiding the bulge in his pants with the papers he was holding in front of it. It lured her eyes to the strong muscles in his legs as he was almost near the car. she licked her lips in anticipation, she wanted him and nothing was going to come between him and her, her mind was made up. What she wanted she always got... not including that damn promotion however.

He was almost away from here, if it had been anywhere else he would have taken the opportunity but not now, not while he was still in uniform and officially still on duty. He approached her with her details and said before handing them back to her, "Drive more carefully in the future and you'll avoid any more incidents,"

Oh no, he did not just give her the brush off! She thought fuming, before he had a chance to back away she grabbed his hips and shoved him up against her car and kissed him hungrily. He tasted like a man should, rough and earthy. She pressed up against him to feel his delicious hardness pressing against his pants and his hard abs hiding under his shirt.

He grunted as she shoved him up against her car, before he could react her tongue was pushing its way into his mouth. He groaned into the kiss, she tasted of spices, hot and fiery, equal to her personality. At least he still had some of his wits, if he allowed this to continue here. They would make a public spectacle, he shoved her away forcefully and growled. "You're under arrest for assaulting a police officer," He grabbed her arm and pulled her towards his squad car.

"Stay there, don't move," he said gruffly. He reached in the driver window and picked up the radio to sign off.

Tanya licked her lips and savoured his taste again, I suppose he thinks he'll control the whole thing. But he'll be mistaken, she wasn't going to let him run completely over her. She knew that they wouldn't be interrupted gladly as she saw him turn the radio off after reporting his status.

He didn't want any interruptions especially now that he was off duty he could turn off his radio. He looked at Tanya and saw the fire in her eyes matching his. He opened the back door and says, "Get in."

His growl sent shivers up her spine, this was going to be explosive. She knew he'd probably tease her, being fully clothed while she would end up naked. She sought to rectify that little issue right now, she wanted to see his chest bared. When she sat in the back seat she waited for him to get close enough. Then she struck, she quickly reached out and with a sharp yank ripped his shirt open. Her mouth watered at the sight of his hard packed muscles. The clear ridges of his abs dusted with black hair made her drool.

He hissed as she tore his shirt open, it setting his body alight. He wanted to just drive himself into her right now, but that would end up being way too short for his liking, he'd handle it for now. He was committed to this now, no matter how wrong it was. For once he was being impulsive, the thrill of danger that he may be caught made this all the more exciting.

His scent filled her nose and clouded her brain as she caught his shirt he threw it at her. She shivered in anticipation as he with intent pulled off his gun belt and dropped it through the window, she wanted him to take off his pants and show her the package she had already felt. He was big, she knew that much, she was in for a rough ride. While she mused, distracted from what he was doing, he struck and ripped off her blouse. 

Electric heat sizzled through her body, he certainly wanted to play rough. He grinned wickedly at her, she felt as though she could melt into a puddle of lust right now. She didn't like not knowing what his name was when he knew hers. "Before we go any further, what's your name Officer?" she dragged a pointed nail down between her breasts and opened her bra.

He growled and said, "You're such a temptress you know that? My name is Brennan," he couldn't take his eyes off her newly exposed breasts. He had to have a taste, he leaned in and pushed her down on the seat and closed his lips over her nipple.

She gasped as his searing hot lips grasped her nipple and sucked. Her hands with their pointed nails reached over him and scraped his back. She gave a wicked grin as she felt his muscles quiver under that touch. 

He bit back a groan as her nails scored streaks of fire across his back. His cock pulsed against his pants angrily as he feasted on her flesh. He needed to contain her or he'd end up losing it, he grabbed her arms and pinned them down. He kissed down to where her dress laid.

She knew he was going to keep torturing her, unless she did something about that. She did something she had never done before, she begged, "Damn it! Just fuck me Brennan! Please!"

Fuck it, he could go slow next time, he thought after hearing her plea. He leaned back and quickly stripped her dress off then sat back on the seat. He groaned as she reached over him and pulled his belt open and unbuttoned his pants. Her fingers on him sent pulses of pleasure all over his body. 

He was going to explode if he didn't control himself now. He took a deep breath as she unzipped his pants and then quickly tugged his boxers down with them. He kicked them off and then shoved her down on the seat. He practically snarled at her heatedly as he slammed deep into her. They both hissed together at the sizzling burn.

"Fuck! Brennan! Do that again!" she hissed, she was being shameless, something about this situation had allowed her to let loose like she never had before. She reached around and dug her nails into his back and gave his thick cock a squeeze with her inner walls. 

He grunted as she squeezed around him, he pulled back and slammed into her again, the fire had overtaken him he pulled back and rammed into her picking up the pace. Sweat beaded all over his body as her nails cut into his back, the pain blending with the fierce some pleasure eating him alive.

She had reduced him to just grunts and groans, she grinned at her victory over him, she wrapped her legs around his and followed his thrusts doubling the pleasure almost knocking her out. The energy and viciousness of their coupling must have something to do with all the stress and frustration that was exploding out of her. She knew her nails had drawn blood as she felt liquid pooling around her nails. She wanted to add to that she reached up and dug her teeth into his neck, tasting his skin loving that she could make him roar like an animal. 

He was fast losing control, the tension and frustration of the day pouring out of him as he savagely slammed into her, the fierce bite of her nails in his back sending it up a whole other level. She leaned back and screamed from the pleasure it was burning hot and out of control, her nails dragged down her back as he slammed into her, his rough sweat dusted chest muscles rubbing over hers, his chest hair brushing her nipples making her crazy. She bit into his shoulder and screamed as her orgasm thundered through her, crushing his cock inside of her.

Brennan leaned back and roared as the bite to his shoulder was all it took to send him crashing over the edge, the death grip she had on his cock extended out his release until his violent pulses spilled deep inside of her. He collapsed on top of her and panted heavily, his back stung from her nails cutting in.

Tanya panted harshly as Brennan's heavy bulk collapsed on top of her, her eyes rolled from the mind bending pleasure. She knew one thing for certain she was a whole lot more relaxed now, the day's stress burned away. Then she looked down at Brennan's back and gasped, She had dug bloody gashes in his back with her nails. "Damn it, sorry Brennan," she said.

"Don't be, that was breathtaking," he said panting. The sting from his back had been swallowed up by the post-sex bliss out he always had after extremely good sex. After a while he managed to get up, the dark had settled and he needed to get the car back to the station and retrieve his. He knew how to get in contact with Tanya should he want to. And he did want to he just wanted her to know that without making it seem to obvious. He slid on his boxers and opened the door and slid out, he collected his ticket book and wrote down his number and tore out the ticket, dropping the book back onto the seat.

She watched what he was doing, the man was certainly very sexy, even more so now with that mellowed look that had gotten over him. She wanted to explore that broad muscular chest, but she knew there wasn't any more time for that sadly. She got her clothes in order while he was writing something. 

He slid back into the car and handed her the ticket, "Here's your ticket Miss Blake, drive carefully,"

She got out and stared at his chest one last time and got out. "I will now," she said as she stumbled slightly out onto the road. She walked over to her car and pulled the door open and sat down and inspected the ticket.

Call me anytime you're feeling stressed Brennan

She looked at the number and she thought wickedly she had nothing to do tonight.... she shut the door and started her car. She'd give him about an hour to finish up then she'd call and see what he would do. Tonight was going to be fun after all she thought with a grin.

She looked in the rear view mirror as she slowly pulled back on the road and saw him leaning against his police car his shirt hanging open. Even though he gave her his number she wasn't sure if he'd go through and with a mischievous grin on her face, she opened the passenger window and tossed out her purse. She really hoped he got that message and was proven right when she checked the mirror again and saw him jogging up to her purse and picking it up. Bright with teeth flashed as he grinned and shook his head. Would he return her purse or not?