 I climbed back into the front seat with my feet bare and my hair in a wild tangle. Tugging my brush out of the confines of my purse I ran it through my hair, gazing out the passenger side window as the dry Texas landscape flew past. The light of day was quickly fading, but there seemed to be no escaping the sweltering blanket of heat that had settled over everything. I felt your right hand slide through my hair, and I closed my eyes, savoring the tingling sensation it created. I turned to face you, your palm sliding across to gently cup my cheek. Capturing your wrist, I placed a soft kiss to each fingertip, brushing my lips once across your palm before sliding your index finger into the silken confines of my mouth. 

Turning towards you I smiled, and glancing down at your lap had my grin increasing in size. My exhibition was having exactly the desired effect. It was plain to see the material in the lap area of your shorts had growing considerably tighter as I slid your finger in and out of my mouth with deliberate slowness. Earlier, I had questioned you about our destination. Picking me up after work the way you had, with my bag packed and already in the trunk, I hadn't a clue as to where we were headed. I decided to offer you one last chance to tell me where we were going. Leaning in I kissed your neck, tugging a tiny bit of flesh between my teeth as I did so. Hearing your low growl of pleasure sent tiny electrodes skittering down my spine to tingle insistantly at the apex of my thighs. 

"Where are you taking me?" I whispered against the tender skin of your throat. 

"To the stars," you whispered back, your breathing already heavier and a bit raspy as well. As alluring as a trip to the stars sounded, a frustrated sigh still managed to push past my lips, escaping into the car around us. Fine, you weren't going to tell me. No matter, I had my ways, and I would find out soon enough. Brushing my lips across your earlobe, I whispered, "open your pants." 

"WHAT?" came your breathless reply. I could practically see your cock jerk in excitement. "Why?" you asked warily, knowing full well that you would not receive an answer. I sucked your earlobe into the warm wet cavern of my mouth and teased at it with my tongue before responding. "Open ... your pants ... NOW." You sent me a half-smile, one that sought reassurance but found none, a surprised yet excited gleam in your eyes. Reaching down with one hand you yanked open the button of your shorts, tugging downwards on your zipper. When the material of your boxer-briefs was finally exposed to my eyes, I moved down to nuzzle the skin just below your ear. 

"Take out your cock." This time there was no mistaking your response. Your body physically jerked in surprise, including a part of you which was now clearly straining for release from it's current prison. Your eyes seemed glued to the road, and you held the steering wheel in a white-knuckled vise grip. Kissing your cheek and then your temple, I repeated myself. 

"Take ... out ... your ... cock." 

I said it slowly, savoring each word as it slid past my lips to dip into the recesses of your ear. You were so still I couldn't tell if you were breathing, but finally, blissfully, you lowered your hands long enough to shrug your shorts down to mid-thigh. Your erection sprang up towards me, the tip swollen and purpled with excitement. With nothing left to impede my progress, my mouth descended quickly, sliding all the way down over you until my nose pressed against the flesh of your inner thigh. The sudden sensation of being buried to the hilt within the liquid heat of my mouth caused your hips to buck upward, and your shaft slid that much deeper into my throat. A deep groan of pleasure accompanied the sudden jerk of your hips and I felt myself smile around your rigid flesh.

I started with a slow, steady up and down rhythm, my lips pulling at you as my tongue flicked back and forth over the sensitive skin. I could feel the wetness of my own excitement seeping slowly out to moisten my pussy lips, and I visibly squirmed in my seat. I barely heard you rasp, "oh god!" so engrossed was I with the taste and feel of your cock sliding in and out of my mouth. One of my hands slid between your legs to alternate between teasing lightly at your balls and raking my nails along the tender flesh of your inner thighs. I increased my pace, letting my teeth graze just barely against you, careful not to inflict any pain. I felt your hips tilt, angling your shaft even deeper into my throat as your body started to shudder

Your orgasm rocketed through you in many ways. Your low, graveled moan filled the car. Your cock bucked feverishly beneath my lips. Your entire body twitched and bucked beneath me. And of course, the warm salty elixir of your passion spurted against the back of my tongue and slid deep into my throat. My lips softened around you immediately, not wanting to cause discomfort to the suddenly sensitized area, but I didn't fully release you until I had captured every last drop. 

Sitting back up in the passenger seat, I gauged your reaction. Your chest still heaved slightly as you slowly caught your breath. Your hands had relaxed their death grip on the steering wheel, and your eyes were wide and glassy with amazement. I grinned up and you and couldn't resist asking ... "So how far is it again?"