 Chapter 2: Speed Trap

Sarah had been bored since she'd come on duty. 

Sitting in her squad car, she had been going over the reasons she had wanted to become a police officer. There was the idea of helping people. And there was the personal reward of making her town a safer place. But the main reason she had signed up was for some excitement. 

Boy had she been wrong on that count. She hadn't seen any action since she had graduated the academy and come home to Thompson, her hometown. 

She had been assigned to patrol Hwy 9 for most of that time after offending the chief on her first day. He had tried to give her a strip search, and she'd kneed him in the groin in response. 

Rather than filing sexual harassment charges, she told the chief she'd let it slide if he backed off. He agreed - after he got up off the ground.

But now she was paying the price. Traffic patrol was necessary, she knew. And every once in a while, there was the chance to bust drug traffickers or to be involved in a high-speed chase - or so she had been told. 

That hadn't happened though, and she was wondering when she would have the chance to patrol the town. At least there she would be able to see some of the townspeople and maybe get some positive reinforcement.

Growing up in Thompson, Sarah had been known as the town's wild child - a reputation she had readily encouraged in most parts of the community. But now, as an adult, she wanted to shed that image. 

She could still be wild in private (never a problem for her, her boyfriends found out), but her public persona was going to change. But it wasn't going to change sitting in a car behind a billboard waiting for speeders.

Absentmindedly tapping the steering wheel to the beat of a Violent Femmes song stuck in her head, she had almost spilled her coffee when the little black Honda Civic blew past her, narrowly missing the sign and the front of her sedan. 

After securing her coffee and calling in to dispatch, she gunned the motor and was on the Civic's tail. To her disappointment, though, she hadn't even turned on her lights before the car was on the roadside. 

"Damn," Sarah cursed to herself. "I thought I was going to get to open this thing up for once."

Pulling in behind the Civic, she flipped the lights and turned on the car's loudspeaker, saying "Driver, please place both hands on the wheel."

* * *

James had barely begun to collect himself when he saw the lights and heard the police cruiser's PA system. 

The officer's request presented a problem. His cock was slowly going down after cumming just moments before, but it was not limp enough to be shoved back into his pants yet. 

It wasn't often a man would curse good staying power, but this was one occasion he couldn't help himself. Karma be damned. 

On the other hand, James didn't want to be shot because the officer - who sounded female over the loudspeaker - mistook him putting away his junk for a suspect fishing for a weapon. The dusky light played tricks on people and she would only see the upper half of his body fiddling around with something below her sight line. 

Reluctantly, he did as the voice requested and just hoped the officer had a sense of humor and wasn't offended by the cum that was dripping down his shirt and pants. 

In his driver side rearview mirror, James could see the officer approach. And even dusk was quickly approaching dark, he could make out her silhouette. Not bad.

* * * 

Sarah approached the car cautiously, with her hand on her revolver. She'd been taught to treat all stops as though they could go wrong any moment - because they could. 

This could be a drunk driver, or an amphetamine junky. He - she thought it was a he as she approached - could be transporting drugs, or guns, or have warrants. 

This could be one of any number of scenarios she had trained for. But when she reached the driver's side door, she realized this was something totally different. 

She had to suppress a giggle as she stared down at the scene caught in her flashlight beam. Here was a man with a semi-hard cock pulled through his pants, cum on his shirt and a look on his face that said "I can explain, but I know I am fucked."

On some men, this scene would have made them seem pitiful - and it did somewhat with this guy as well - but he had a couple of things going for him. 

First, he was cute. A little older, with graying temples and a few wrinkles, he had a Sean Connery/Paul Newman sort of attractiveness about him. He could have been one of her father's friends. 

But the second thing he had going for him - one she couldn't imagine her father's friends having - was his cock. It was rapidly deflating due to the pressure of the situation, but even in its withering state, it was still meaty and, she estimated, six inches long.

She imagined what it would look like fully erect and then decided she'd have to find out. 

"So, you got a license for that thing?" she asked. 

* * *

James felt a wave of relief wash over him as the officer spoke. He had felt a little self-conscious with her shining a light in his crotch, not realizing why it had lingered there. 

Now, as she made the joke, he knew he had a chance to get out of being arrested for public nudity or some obscure moving violation. And what's more, even though it was getting dark, he thought he recognized the look on her face. It was a look of amusement, but there was something more than that as well. 

"I'm so sorry officer," he said. "I just came back from Mardi Gras, and well, it's a long way back home. I know it wasn't the safest thing to do, but I just had to get some relief and I didn't want to stop at a rest stop or something."

"It was stupid, I know," he continued. "Is there anything I can do to keep you from writing me a ticket?"

The last part came out a little sleazier than he had thought it would. But it was out there now, and Officer Rollins - he read the name badge above her left breast - would have to make the next move. 

* * *

Sarah didn't have to consider the offer for very long, before replying "Well, I need to make sure you aren't a threat to the other driver's on the road. And I guess the only way to do that is to get this behavior out of your system."

"See that billboard about a quarter-mile up ahead?" she asked. "Well, pull behind it and then I'll tell you what to do from there." 

James complied and the two were quickly behind the makeshift cover, both sitting in their cars, when James heard the voice on the loudspeaker again. 

"Driver, please exit the vehicle and come to its rear," Sarah said, and when he complied, said "Please place your hands on the trunk and face forward. Don't turn around."

James was a little apprehensive, now. But he had no choice but to go along. If he ran, then all manner of hell would break loose. 

He heard some shifting around in the car and then the car door pinging as it opened. James began to turn his head, but stopped when Sarah yelled "Eyes front," like a drill sergeant correcting one of her troops. 

Just to be safe, Sarah turned off the headlights, so that now only moonlight illuminated them.

When she reached him, she began to frisk him, starting with his shoulders then working her way down his back, then bringing her hands around to his chest. They all felt toned under his light cotton shirt. 

"Wow," she thought, "Hard body and a big cock. I hit the jackpot this time."

She reached his pants soon enough and found his now hardening cock propped up on the trunk. She lifted the meat rod and felt its heft, sliding her hand up, and up, and up. She guessed it must me 11 inches long and three inches thick. 

"You could hurt someone with this thing, boy," she put on her best southern sheriff accent. 

James felt her breasts on his back as she stroked him. He felt her nipples pointing into him as she worked the shaft up to the angry bulbous head. Was she already naked? He was dying to know, but knew she didn't want him to turn around. 

Dropping the cock, it made a thump as it fell against the trunk. She reached just above it and unbuttoned James's pants, forcing him to bring his legs together as she pulled them down. 

After stepping out of his tennis shoes and pants, she pushed on his inner thighs in a motion to spread his legs wide again. As he did, her hand lingered between his legs, then traced a path up to his balls. 

She gave a little tug as she reached them, jostling them slightly before dragging her middle and index fingers between his cheeks. Squeezing both cheeks, she bit the right one roughly. 

"Owww," James said with a little jump. "Police brutality?"

"I haven't started to be brutal yet," Sarah said with a lascivious grin James would have enjoyed had he been able to see it in the dark night. "Now turn around and let me get a better look at that cock." 

James was happy to oblige. There was still a twinge of guilt about not being able to clear this little tryst with his wife Lauren, be he felt pretty secure she would understand the situation. 

As he turned, Sarah grabbed his tumescent member, pulling it into her mouth while stroking the shaft with her right hand and kneading his balls with her left. She knew how to work a cock and this was a fine specimen. 

Her only complaint was the gun belt that was digging into her stomach as she crouched in front of James. Deftly unbuckling the belt with her left hand, she put it to the side, the gun and nightstick making a thud as they fell to the ground. 

James was in heaven as Sarah worked his rod. She was strong, with a firm grip that made her mouth's ministrations feel amazing. James was rock hard between her lips. 

James reached down and began to unbutton Sarah's light blue shirt, to find her breasts covered in a bulletproof vest. 

"Sorry sweetie," she said, looking up at his silhouette. "I've got to do that. You just keep that bad boy hard for me."

And with that she stood, dropping her shirt on top of her belt and undoing the Velcro straps that secured the vest to her body. As she lifted the vest over her head, James pulled his own cum-covered shirt off. 

Then he took a step forward as she was stepping out of her high-shined black shoes. Lifting his cock so that he did not poke her in the stomach, he grabbed her and lifted her onto the car. 

Once there, she shed her sports bra and unbuttoned her black slacks, wiggling her ass on the trunk of James's car to get out of them. White French-cut panties awaited James as he helped her off with her pants. 

He could smell her musky wetness as she reclined onto the trunk and back window, spreading her legs wide for him. Grabbing her left leg, he lightly bit the side of her knee and began to work her way toward her lace-covered crotch. 

Kissing and dragging his tongue along the way, he shortly made it to Sarah's pussy, which was dripping wet by that point. Pulling the panties to one side before diving in for the main course. 

Nicely groomed, Sarah's pussy tasted exquisite on James's tongue, and he told her so as he licked her swollen clit. He worked the engorged mini-phallus for a few minutes, before burying his tongue deep into her honey pot, nuzzling her clit with his nose as he did so. 

The technique always put a smile on the ladies' faces, and James was sure that if he could see Sarah's, she would be biting her lip right about then. And, as if on cue, she grabbed the back of his head and shoved his mouth in deeper, before allowing him to move back to her love button alone.

"Oh fuck, you're good at that," she said. "I almost came right then."

"Sorry, I'll have to try harder next time," James replied, then said, "But right now, I have an idea."

Reaching down to the pile of Sarah's clothes, James retrieved her nightstick from her belt. Lifting it so that its cool surface could touch her flesh, James asked, "So, you want some hard wood in you?" with a chuckle.

"You read my mind," Sarah said, "but why don't we have some fun with that night stick first."

Extending at a 90-degree angle about 7/8ths of the way down the baton, the handle was somewhat phallic-shaped, with a half-bulb at one end tapering into a barbell-shaped mid-section with ridges cut to improve the grip.

She took it from him, and began licking the handle, pulling it into her mouth as she had his cock only minutes before. And when it was well-wetted, she slid it into her pussy. 

"Always wondered what that would feel like," she said as she began working the baton back and forth inside her, feeling the ridges of the hand grip rub her sugar walls and making waves on her nearby clit. 

Grabbing hold of the baton, James began working it into her then, using his free hand to spread her labia and work the clit even more. His eyes having adjusted to the moonlight, he could see the handle's grip pumping in and out of her. 

After a few moments, he increased his speed, and the speed of his clit strumming. Soon, Sarah was screaming with delight and trying not to slip off of the trunk despite the sweat from her bat making the metal slippery. 

Sarah came with the force of a tsunami, washing the trunk in her juices and grabbing the stick to hold inside of her for a moment. 

"Holy shit that felt good," she said. "I'm going to have to remember about this on long stakeouts. But now I want something more substantial."

And with that, she reached down and squeezed James's aching cock, before kissing him hard on the mouth and leaping from the trunk.

"Alright darlin'" James said in his best fake southern accent – which really was horrible. "Assume the position."

Sarah didn't need to be told twice. She quickly turned around, pulling off her panties, placing her hands on the car trunk, arching her back, lifting her ass skyward and spreading her legs wide.

James's still-hard cock was between Sarah's toned legs within no time, banging the inside of her thighs as he maneuvered himself into position. Reaching between her legs, Sarah guided his bulbous head to her sopping lips and rubbed it up and down the slit for a moment, taking a deep breath in preparation for the thick dick. 

James slid it in gently at first, allowing the head to slid slowly into her pussy, then inching forward before pulling back. Her pussy was soaking wet but tight, and James had to apply a lot of pressure before sinking eight inches into her. He couldn't go much further without risking hurting her. 

Even at that depth, Sarah hurt a little, not that she minded. It was a good kind of pain, and she encouraged him to stroke harder, faster. 

"Oh God!!!" she screamed through clenched teeth. "Your cock is so big! Fuck! Fuck me harder! I want you to split me in two with that thing!"

The sex talk had its desired effect. James was never one to talk dirty, but he loved to listen. So he pumped faster, working at a slight angle, so that Sarah got the full effect. 

"Oooooohhhh," she moaned in orgasm. "You bastard! Harder!"

James could feel her fingers brushing his cock as she massaged her clit and he pounded away. He hadn't even noticed she was just balancing on her left hand now – her right feverishly working her joy buzzer toward another orgasm. 

The tightness of her pussy and the absurdity of the situation were forcing him toward a climax. And while he knew he could hold out if he had to, James decided he'd better finish up. 

"I'm about to cum," he told her, breathing heavily into her ear. 

"In my mouth," she said. "I want you to cum in my mouth."

A few more strokes and James pulled out, grabbing her by the arm and whirling her around. Sarah dropped to her knees and prepared for the salty, sticky blast about to erupt from his cock. 

The pressure of her pussy and the show she had put on with the nightstick had charged James up completely. And when he came, it was like a cannon shot, most of it directed into Sarah's mouth, although some of it did dribble down onto her chin and breasts. 

After a few volleys of spunk, Sarah took the meat pole into her mouth to suck out the remainder. She'd always liked the reaction she got from men after asking to swallow their cum. And it didn't taste too bad either.

Licking her lips, she reached over and picked up James's shirt to wipe the love juice from her tits. Standing then, she jostled James's cock, giving it one final squeeze and saying "Now that is what I call community service."

"I know what you mean," James said. "You can fine me like that anytime. And maybe my wife will be with me the next time I come through town. I know she'd like to meet a nice southern girl like you."

"Awwww," Sarah said, putting on a fake pout and ratcheting up her accent to 11. "Why're all the big cocks married or gay?"

Then, after dropping the accent, she continued.

"Well, I'm almost tempted to give you a ticket to get you back here," she said. "But I think you've paid for your crimes. And the next time you come through, your wife is welcome to chip in some community service too."