 Authors Note: Once again this story is written due to a reader request. I have used fictitious names and the story is based on the talking points supplied by the reader. All characters are at least 18 years or older. Due to the length of the story it will be submitted in chapters.

ABIGAIL'S GARDENER ROBERTO

Ever since her affair with her high school teacher, Abigail knew that she wanted to be a teacher. After finishing her undergraduate work and working as a teacher for a few years, Abigail completed her graduate program and earned a Master's Degree. She then applied for a high school teaching position at a reputable high school. Abigail was accepted and she then began her career and she began to seduce students each year. Abigail loved the fact that even though she aged the boys were always 18 years old. She had become a master of seduction and she loved the pleasure that the young virile cocks brought to her.

After a few years she decided to purchase a house and it was then that she found the charming Cape Cod house nestled in the woods. The yard needed some work so she hired a landscape company to do the plantings and maintain the property. It was then that she had met Roberto a handsome young Italian stud who worked for the landscape company.

Abigail was sitting in her kitchen drinking coffee and reading the Sunday paper when she heard the sound of a motor outside. She peeked out her window and spotted a tall young tanned man trimming her trees. She was taken with the young buck as she stared at his muscular frame. He wasn't wearing a shirt and his muscles were ripped. Abigail felt her loins stir as she watched him. She looked at his crotch and it was obvious that he had a big package in his shorts. She mockingly scolded herself for looking at him and thinking those evil sexual thoughts. Abigail was only wearing her terry robe and she was naked under it. She moved away from the window so as not to be spotted staring and returned to the kitchen table. About thirty minutes later the doorbell rang and it was the young man at the door. "Sorry to bother you Miss Peters but I was wondering if I could trouble you for a glass of water," he asked.

Abigail stared at his impressive muscular frame for a few seconds before she replied, "Oh a glass of water, certainly I'll get it for you."

Abigail turned away and went back into the kitchen to get the water. The young man stepped into her house closed the door and followed her into the kitchen. He watched Abigail's shapely ass sway under the terry robe as she walked in front of him. Abigail poured the water and turned to bring it back to the young man. She was surprised and nervous when she saw him standing in her kitchen. Abigail handed him the glass of water and stared uncertainly as he downed it. Abigail felt uneasy with the strapping young man in her house as she was ready to jump his bones.

"Oh by the way my name is Roberto and thanks for the water," he said.

Abigail replied, "You're welcome."

Abigail felt awkward standing in her kitchen wearing only a terry cloth robe having a conversation with the young man. Roberto downed the second glass of water and then handed the glass to Abigail.

"Thank you Miss Peters, I better get back to work now," Roberto said and then he turned to leave.

Abigail closed the door behind him as he left her house and then she turned her back and leaned on it. "Are you out of your mind?" she thought to herself.

Abigail then returned to her morning paper and coffee but she could not get Roberto out of her mind. Another hour passed and then Abigail went outside to check on Roberto when she heard the motor stop. He was loading the wood in his truck and she watched as his muscles rippled. Roberto looked up and saw Abigail looking at him and smiled at her. She felt awkward so she spoke without thinking.

"I wanted to see if you needed any more water," Abigail called to him.

"Sure, I'll be over after I load the truck," he yelled back to her.

Abigail went back in the house and poured a glass of ice water for Roberto and then she stood in her foyer to meet him at the door. Roberto rang the doorbell and when Abigail opened the door he stepped in quickly before she could react. She had planned to keep him on her front porch by handing him the water but he was already in the house. Things moved quickly then.

"I think I need to show you some gratitude for the water," Roberto said and he moved toward Abigail. 

Abigail moved away and pulled the robe tightly around her body as she was still naked under it. Abigail had had plenty of time to dress but she had chosen to keep the robe on and she knew what she wanted. Roberto smiled at her and slipped his arms around her pulling Abigail toward him. His one hand snaked in her robe and cupped her sex. Abigail's pussy was sopping wet, her body once again betraying her. He freed his own erect cock from his shorts and she felt it press up against her. Their lips met in a passionate kiss with his tongue darting into her mouth in search of hers. She pressed her body against him as they tongue fucked one another. Abigail could feel pleasure surging up her spine.

Abigail once again succumbed to her desires and she led Roberto by the hand to the bedroom. She sat down on the bed and her tiny hands fumbled with Roberto's shorts. She pushed his shorts and underwear down over his hips to his feet as his big cock bounced in front of her face. Roberto took off his shirt and kicked his pants and briefs aside becoming totally naked. Abigail stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her tiny hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and wondered how she would handle it. Roberto sighed as she masturbated him.

She leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at his ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. They hadn't spoken a word to each other since they kissed. Abigail began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about seven inches in her mouth. Abigail slurped loudly on Roberto's dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long cock.

Roberto stood before Abigail as she sucked ravenously on his oversized cock. Her hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Roberto placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and he couldn't believe his good fortune as he held her hair back to watch her pretty face and sensuous mouth. Abigail kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was still incredibly turned on and her pussy was soaked. 

Roberto came into her life with his big cock and Abigail now realized that she would be addicted to it. She was so enamored with his impressive cock; she found that she loved to suck on it. Abigail was desperate to please him and to make him cum. She loved to swallow cum. Abigail wanted this to be Roberto's best blow job ever and she put all her efforts into it even more so than she ever had. It did not take long to bring Roberto to the edge.

Roberto announced that he was cumming and Abigail clamped down on his cock determined to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. Abigail swallowed as quickly as she could and did not allow a drop to escape her mouth. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Then Abigail took the cock from her mouth and Roberto watched as she squeezed more cum out the end of his dick. Abigail then wrapped her lips around it and sucked his man juice dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and push her away. Roberto's cock stayed hard and Abigail marveled at the impressive organ before her.

Abigail lay back on the bed and opened her robe. She displayed her beautiful neatly trimmed pussy to Roberto. She opened her legs and smiled at him. Roberto knelt before Abigail at the end of her bed and kissed her from her knee up her soft thighs towards her womanhood. He took in the lovely smell of her as he kissed her smooth creamy white skin just beside her vagina. Abigail as in a state of ecstasy and her heart pounded as she watched her young lover lick her. Her cunt lips quivered as he teased them with his tongue and kissed her everywhere she desired. Roberto's tongue was long and probed deep into the inner walls of her pussy.

Abigail ran her hands over her body cupping her breasts and rolling her nipples between her fingertips. Roberto sucked her cunt lips into his mouth as his tongue snaked around in her snatch. Roberto still had not made contact with her clit and Abigail desperately needed his tongue or his cock to touch her clit. She moaned in pleasure and frustration as Roberto continued to tease her. He again wiggled his tongue deep within her pussy before finally nudging her clit. Abigail jumped as a spark of pleasure shot through her body. Roberto slid his hands under her curvy ass and lovingly cupped her shapely ass cheeks. He sucked her clit into his mouth and held it between his lips as he ran his tongue over the hard little pearl. Abigail arched her back as she felt her orgasm approach.

"Oh yes, oh my," she called out as the first wave rocked her body.

Abigail grabbed Roberto's head with both hands and pulled his face harder into her crotch. She vigorously humped his face as his tongue danced over her super sensitive cit. Her thighs clamped around his head and her entire body trembled as she came again almost violently. Abigail felt her pussy pulsating as she covered Roberto's face with her female juices. Finally she collapsed back on the bed releasing him in the process.

"Oh my God," Abigail moaned.

Roberto raised himself up and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked menacing as it hovered above her hips.

"Are you ready for this?" he asked smiling confidently.

"Oh yes please, fuck me now," Abigail pleaded. 

Roberto held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. Roberto would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally his entire cock was buried in her and Abigail sighed feeling completely full almost afraid to move. 

Roberto held himself inside her waiting for Abigail to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled and then she pulled him down to her and they kissed deeply with their tongues playing with one another. Abigail was ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and then Roberto fucked her using long slow hard strokes. Abigail locked her legs around Roberto's ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his gigantic organ as it pounded her pussy.

If Roberto hadn't just cum in her mouth he would not have been able to hold on as long. Abigail was so hot and squeezed him with her tight pussy; she was really a good fuck. Roberto fucked through one orgasm after another before he filled her pussy with cum. His orgasm was as intense as hers as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. 

Abigail could feel his cock softening but even then it still filled her cunt. Roberto slowly lifted himself off of her body and in so doing his thick cock slipped from her pussy. Abigail felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body as gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy. Abigail rolled over on her stomach so as to look at Roberto who lay on his back. 

Roberto looked at Abigail's ass and he could not resist running his hands over her shapely cheeks. Her ass was so amazing that he felt his loins stir with desire. Roberto got to his knees behind Abigail and kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks. He then began to kiss her cheeks and run his tongue lightly in the crack of her ass. Abigail wiggled her ass feeling very wicked as he tongued and kissed her.

Roberto grabbed a buttock in each of his massive hands as if he was palming a basketball and lifted her so that her ass was perched in the air. Abigail's head was still on the bed and she turned it to one side and let out a gasp as Roberto's tongue licked close to her asshole. Roberto ran his tongue from her pussy to her ass causing Abigail to tingle in anticipation of what might be next.

Roberto spread her ass cheeks with his hands and dipped his tongue into the crack locating her nether hole. His tongue slowly circled her anus and she flinched at the contact. He then pushed his tongue as far as he could into her asshole and she found herself wanting him to fuck her up the ass. She had been ass fucked enough in the past few days but she was still worried about Roberto's size. He continued to ass fuck her with his tongue and she was at his mercy. Her desire grew as he worked her ass to the point that she really wanted more in her ass.

Roberto removed his tongue from her ass and ran his hard cock between her ass cheeks as he spoke to her, "I want to fuck you in the ass Abigail. Do you want me to fuck your hot ass? I can see that your ass is waiting to be fucked."

"Oh yes Roberto, but you're so big. You must get some cream from my bathroom," Abigail replied to him with apprehension.

Roberto sprinted to the bathroom and was back in bed in no time with the lubricant in his hands. Abigail arched her back and pointed her beautiful ass back at him. He coated her asshole with a generous amount of cream and slid his thick finger in her hole. He took his time preparing her ass relishing every moment. He then coated his entire cock with the cream and placed the head at the entrance to her anus. Roberto pushed forward and the thick cock head squeezed into her tight asshole. 

Abigail winched in pain as her asshole was stretched wider than it ever and she gasped, "Go slow let me get used to it."

Roberto withdrew his cock head and then pushed it back in this time causing more pleasure than pain. He pushed until a couple of inches were in Abigail's ass. Abigail found herself holding her breath and her body covered in goose bumps. He was so thick and her asshole stretched to new dimensions and held his cock in a vice like grip. Roberto slowly slid his dick in and out of her each time going a little deeper. The pain had subsided and was replaced with a feeling of fullness.

Abigail relaxed a little and then felt more of his cock slide into her asshole. She grunted out loud as she felt fuller and then a wave of pleasure passed through her body. She was convinced that Roberto had his whole cock in her now but really he only had about half of his big dick in her. She felt so full so had no idea that he had another five inches before he was done. Roberto kept adding more and more of his cock to her ass. There was pain then fullness and then pleasure each time he went deeper. Abigail would tense, relax and then enjoy it. This pattern continued until Roberto had his cock buried in Abigail's ass.

"Oh my God, you are so big I feel so full," cried out Abigail. 

Roberto reached around and played with Abigail's clit as he pounded her ass. Her pussy and asshole were on fire as the big cock reached previously untouched areas in her body. Abigail was on the brink of another huge orgasm as Roberto methodically fucked her in her tight anus with his sizeable cock. He loved watching his cock slide out of her shapely ass and then plunge back in as his hips slapped against her curvy ass cheeks causing them to jiggle with each thrust. Her orgasm surged within her as he fucked her ass harder and faster. 

As Abigail came and came her entire body went into spasm. Her pussy convulsed and clamped around Roberto's fingers coating them with her cunt juice. Abigail's asshole pulsated as he drove his big cock in and out of it. Her ass involuntarily squeezed and released his huge member as he fucked it causing him to finally lose it. He slid his pecker deep into her rectum as his cock twitched and sent a thick stream of hot cum into her channel. Roberto kept fucking her as load after load was fired into her ass; his cock kept twitching and spurting inside the impaled Abigail. 

Abigail had never felt so full of cum and there was no where for it to go blocked by Roberto's swollen cock buried in her ass. He slowed his pace and eventually stopped allowing his cock to remain buried in Abigail's ass. He did not go soft right away and he gently moved his hips pushing cum around in her ass. Some of it trickled out and ran down over her pussy lips. 

Abigail could not take any more fucking and she pleaded, "Please no more, I can't take any more, please stop."

Reluctantly Roberto stopped and slowly withdrew his cock from her loosened asshole. He marveled in the sight of his enormous cock sliding out of her shapely ass. The man seed flowed from her asshole and ran like a river down over her pussy and between her sweet thighs. Roberto and Abigail stayed in the Tommy position for awhile and he massaged her beautiful ass as she remained on her knees with her ass perched in the air. Roberto pushed down lightly on Abigail's back causing her to accentuate her ass even more. He loved looking at it and playing with it as she cooed into the bed sheets. His cock remained hard and looked menacing around Abigail's asshole. It was hard to believe that a cock his size had just fucked such a big beautiful ass. Abigail looked magnificent with her just fucked curvy ass in the air.

Roberto slipped out of bed and put his shorts back on. He came over to the bed and kissed Abigail on the cheek; she still had not moved. He could not resist sticking one of his fingers in asshole as a parting gesture. Abigail just wiggled her bum slightly in delight. That was the start of her affair with the young Italian landscaper. Now once a month, Roberto and Abigail get together on a Sunday after he trims the trees and shrubs.

ABIGIAL'S MAID NICHOLE

Abigail had a maid come in on Mondays to clean the house. Once every month however, Abigail would have Nichole come in on Sunday for some special chores. Nichole would always wear her light blue maid smock that was cut very short. On Sunday they played little games of seduction and there was no end to their creativity. This particular Sunday Abigail acted as if she was caught off guard when Nichole entered the bedroom. Nicole was dressed in a maid smock that just barely covered her pussy and ass cheeks.

"Oh I am sorry to disturb you Madame. I will just be a minute," Nichole apologized.

Nichole then went about the motions of tidying up the room and placing clean towels in the bathroom. Abigail watched as Nichole bent over ever so slightly and Abigail noticed the curves of Nichole's naked bottom. Nichole was not wearing panties and her curvy ass looked sexily enticing as it peeked out below the smock. Abigail felt her loins stir and chills run through her body as she looked at the alluring French girl. Abigail's pussy was throbbing with desire. 

Nichole turned and walked toward Abigail and smiled at her. Nichole stopped by the head of the bed and turned away from Abigail. Nichole leaned over to adjust something on the night table and as she did her smock rode up even higher than before. Abigail now saw Nichole's shapely ass and the lips of her pussy as they peeked through her thighs.
