 Brennan picked up the purse and looked up at the retreating tail lights as the car exited the service zone. He grinned broadly then jogged back to the car, he needed to get home and replace his shirt before handing in the car. It was pretty obvious to him what she intended, he looked forward to it, if what was to come was anymore mind blowing then what he had already been through he might actually pass out. He did need to do something about the scrapes on his back though before he left home, the sting was becoming painful.

Tanya drove home with nervous tension, she didn't know what his reaction would be, he could very well have done the opposite and actually arrested her for trying to start it, she wasn't normally impulsive but she was certainly lucky he had been as hot as she was and still is. Her body quivered not just from nerves but also bone deep satisfaction. His cock was so big and hard, he almost split her open when he slammed into her. She knew he would come and bring back her purse and if he didn't make a move she would. Otherwise she'd end up bored tonight, her frustration had been sapped away by the furious coupling in the back seat of his car.

***

Brennan quickly entered the station and handed back the keys, he dropped his gun in the armory deposit box and signed the deposits sheet. He was anxious to get out and leave, his uniform felt a lot tighter than usual. The anticipation of what was to come had started to make him hard again, he hurried into the locker room and grabbed his car keys but before he was out of there he needed to use the shower, if he was this hot for her again so quickly after such a mind-blowing experience then he needed to get some relief.

He walked into the shower room and looked around nobody was in here, but he didn't expect any to be considering how much later he was at getting back to the station. He reached up and started unbuttoning his shirt and then hung it up on one of the clothes hooks. The twinge in his back from the scratches sent a new pulse of desire straight to his cock. She was an animal, he was looking forward to getting more of the same. She blew his mind away, he reached down and tugged off his boots and socks.

His body flushed with heat just thinking of what just happened in the backseat of his patrol car. He quickly took off his gun belt and opened his pants sliding them off. He walked over to the shower door after hanging up his pants. He turned the water on then pulled off his boxers and stepped under the spray. He groaned and tensed as the water beat down on the scrapes on his back. 

He grabbed the wash cloth off the shower rack and lathered it with soap, with easy fluid strokes he washed himself with the cloth, once he reached his abs his cock was laying flat against it. He needed to take care of it or he'd end up exploding too quickly once again. He wrapped the cloth around his cock and stroked, he groaned as the slight coarseness of the cloth spiked his arousal.

He stroked again and bit his lip to stop another groan from escaping he didn't know how she managed to get him so fired up without even being here herself, he saw her naked body her breasts heaving as he remembered the hot, tight clasp of her pussy. He groaned from the visual and started up a fast pace the rough coarseness of the cloth making his legs tremble. He needed a fast release so he could get out of here without the weight of the desire Tanya burdened him with. 

He growled under his breath, the heat of the water enshrouding him, he leaned his head back into the spray and shut his eyes against the water he moaned slightly as the pleasure shot up his spine. He picked up his pace as the impending explosion built up. With his other hand he reached under his balls and rubbed the nerves. He wondered what it would be like to have her lips around his cock with those wicked nails hitting just this spot. 

With that thought he shuddered, falling against the shower wall as the pleasure became too much, he bit his lips to stop the roar of completion from escaping as the fire exploded from his cock. He shivered regardless of the heat around him as the pulses from his cock ended. Even with just himself, Tanya made the experience mind blowing. He panted resting against the wall for a moment more before pushing himself off from the wall and turned off the shower he needed to get dressed again and head to Tanya's place to hand back her purse.

***

Once he reached his car he was suddenly nervous but then he had never done anything of this sort before, he wasn't impulsive but something gripped him and made him go with the flow rather arresting her like he should have but his embarrassing need in the shower showed that she was something completely different. His fingers shook a little as he tried to put the keys into the ignition. Finally starting up the car he took a deep breath and exhaled, he needed to grab control of himself or it was going to be a very hard night indeed. He hoped that Tanya wouldn't rip this shirt he only had two now.

Tanya paced around the living room, she was anxious for sure she still didn't know if he would show up or just send another cop to give back her purse. She knew she was being ridiculous seeing as he had given her his number. But maybe she was being too forward with him and she had run him off.

She needed to calm down, she had never been this nervous over a guy before even though he was really hot.

She walked into the kitchen and casually poured herself a glass of wine, it was sure to relax her until he came to drop off her purse and hopefully his clothes. She wasn't done with him, she hadn't had time to explore, and that she would do with great relish and in turn she'd revel in his exploration of her. She finished her wine as she heard a car outside, she grinned devilishly he was outside.

He sat in his car for a moment longer and took a deep breath to calm himself down, nervous tension thrummed through his body he reached for his keys and pulled them out of the ignition shoving them into his pants. He reached over to the passenger seat and picked up Tanya's purse and opened the door before stepping out then shutting the door. He felt hot around the collar this was going to be scorching again he just knew it. He adjusted himself as his cock started thickening again, he muttered under his breath she was going to be the death of him.

She looked out the window and grinned deviously as she watched him adjust himself. She was glad he was just as hot as she was to get it on again. She looked to her purse and sighed she hadn't really noticed it before but he had big hands to go with that big cock of his. She couldn't wait to get it inside of her again. She stepped back from the window as he walked towards her front door, she walked over to her door as the doorbell rang.

With anticipation thrumming through his body he pressed the door buzzer and stood there as patiently as he could manage while he waited for Tanya to open the door.

She almost flung the door open in her anticipation, it was like she was a horny teenager again, she was instantly wet, soaking her panties as she saw him standing there in his uniform, holding her purse. His eyes bored into her. She shuddered as the sharp thrill of anticipation heightened. "Hello Officer Parker did I forget something?" she asked with the most seductive tone she could muster.

He almost stuttered as she purred at him, this was going to be the death of him he thought as his arousal spiked. His eyes clouded darker with lust as he responded huskily, "You dropped your purse on the road. I thought you might be needing it."

His voice was deep and rough, it brushed over her skin sending shocks of pleasure through her. "How thoughtful of you, come in and have something to drink," she purred. She knew what she'd like to do, drinking her wine from his chest would be an idea.

Brennan knew what he wanted to do and it didn't involve drinking, at least not the kind she thought. He followed her to the kitchen and dropped her purse on the table, he leaned against it and said, "I think I deserve a reward for going out of my way to get this back to you tonight." He grinned sexily as she turned to him.

"And what sort of reward do you think you deserve?" she asked lifting a glass off the rack and setting it down on the bench.

A sudden surge of impulsiveness washed over him he growled, "I'll show you," before he grabbed her waist and shoved her against the bench shoving his tongue down her throat while ravishing her lips with his.

She groaned and pressed against him, his bulging hardness rubbing against her. She wanted him inside of her, she reached down and unbuttoned his pants sliding her hand into his boxers and grasped his hot cock. He growled at her as she stroked him roughly, "I want your thick hot and hard cock inside of me," she whispered huskily.

He groaned and yanked her sweatpants down and slipped a hand inside her panties, he stroked her quickly making her squirm. He hissed as she squeezed his cock, pleasure burning through his senses, he kissed her again, ravishing her mouth more thoroughly. Her hand drew out of his boxers, she unzipped his pants and shoved them down then yanked his boxers down and pushed at his chest, backing him against her pantry cupboard. 

He grunted as his back solidly connected with the door, he looked down at her with heat flaring in his eyes. She had gotten the best of him for now but he'd show her a thing or two once she had finished playing. He wasn't going to be gentle.

She slid down to her knees and sucked his cock all the way to the back of her throat and wrapped her tongue around him. She sucked hard and made him moan as she felt him jerk in her mouth, apparently having no gag reflex was actually useful she thought as she had swallowed his long cock. She slid back along his flesh stroking her tongue against his length, his hands dug into her shoulders as she gently drew her teeth along his shaft then over the head. He cursed as she felt his legs quiver her nails pressing into his thighs sending sparks of sensation as the sharp bite of pain washed through him.

He groaned, she was going to kill him. His cock had only been in her mouth for like thirty seconds and he was already about to burst. He gritted his teeth to hold back the impending tide, he was not going to go off like a randy teenager, he wasn't going to embarrass himself like that.

She liked hearing him moan it got her hot, she couldn't concentrate on that just yet however though. She had her cop to drive crazy first she though devilishly, She sucked the head of his cock back into her mouth, her tongue flicking over the tip as her hands grasped his cock and stroked. She was going to make him come no doubt. She wanted to taste him as he pulsed into her mouth.

She rubbed her tongue under the rim making him shudder, his hands gripped her shoulders more tightly as his breathing increased. His shirt was starting to get in the way as it brushed against her face, she reached up and plucked open the bottom few buttons and pushed it apart. Her nails scraped across his abs feeling the smooth hair caress her fingers. His hot muscles quivered under her grazing touch as he gasped and tensed tightly. She knew he was close now, time to make it happen.

He was seeing double as his eyes crossed, the pleasure was sending him crazy, he clawed at the buttons of his shirt quickly opening it letting his skin breathe he felt like he was on fire his chest heaved from the deep breaths he needed to take. Her nails were torture devices as they gently raked his skin creating blistering trails of heated desire. He gasped as she suddenly deep throated him again and swallowed around his cock. He groaned he wasn't going to last much longer, then before his orgasm was torn from him she squeezed the base of his cock tightly as her nails raked under his balls scraping the nerve bundle. He roared hoarsely as the fire of his trapped release burned through his body with no escape.

He tasted much the same as his kiss, raw and earthy. She revelled in his masculine tasted as she continued to rake her nails under his balls making him shudder all over as she continued to suck his cock tormenting him as the fiery pleasure eviscerated him. She let go once she felt the pressure subside his orgasm denied he collapsed against the door with a look between pure bliss and agony on his face. He groaned and panted, "You're so evil with that tongue and those nails..."

"Why thank you, so what are you going to do about it?" she asked with a cheeky grin. He would need a bit of time to recover his wits but she couldn't wait for what he would punish her with for her devilry. His lips were like fire when they were on her body, and his fingers were electric. She still remembered the shock that she got when he touched her.

He growled at her as he got his breathing back under control. He pushed off from the door and slid off his shirt dropping it to the floor. Feeling her eyes all over him, sent heat prickling him all over, his cock was so swollen from his denied release. He was certainly going to pay her back for that, make her feel what he felt, he leaned down and tugged his pants and boxers off then pulled at his boots.

She stared at him, he was amazing, she licked her lips as she watched his muscles ripple while he finished undressing. Just looking at him was getting her hotter, she wanted his tongue on her. Though she didn't particularly want to do it in here, the benches weren't exactly comfortable to sit on. She grinned lewdly as he stood up the light shining on his body illuminating his muscles and the sprinkling of black hair over his chest and abs. The sweat dotted all over his body made him look even sexier. "My bedroom is this way," she purred as she turned to exit the room.

Brennan grinned at her retreating form, he stumbled slightly as he got his footing again. His legs still felt unstable after that mind blasting explosion. The pleasured fog was well and truly clouding his body. Before she had a chance to escape the room he looped his arm around her waist and pulled her up against his chest. "You're going nowhere," he growled and shoved her against the wall before tearing away her bra and panties.

"Now that's better isn't it?" he gruffly said in her ear pressing his throbbing hardness against her ass.

"I think you need to be punished, that was no way to treat me... I came way out of my way to do you a favour and you repay me like this?" he growled nipping her ear as sliding his cock up her spine.

She shuddered against him, the solid column of his cock burned her, she didn't think he'd take her in here. But she was so hot now that she'd do him anywhere, she was slightly regretting tormenting him now, she was going to feel much the same of it.

Brennan gripped her hips and turned her over sinking down to his knees, he swiped his tongue up over her lips making her squeak. Her claws reaching up and digging into his shoulders, they were more like talons then nails, he thought as they dug into his shoulders. But he relished the solid bite of the pain, it sent fire buzzing through his body as he tormented her with sharp quick flicks of his tongue over her lips.

Tanya moaned as she dug her nails into his shoulders trying to push him in further but he was rock solid where he was unmoving unless he wanted to. He was torturing her with only small licks not letting the feeling build. She reached up and dug her nails into his short hair, he growled at her as a sharp jolt shocked his body. The flares of pain from her hair pulling making him dig his tongue deep inside her.

He hissed as the pain surged through him again as she tugged his hair tighter, he grinned devilishly he knew he was having an effect on her. He was going to bring her to the edge and let her slide back off. He would continue with it until he was certain she would beg him for mercy.

She was right on the edge now the burn coursed through her, she knew he would pull back she deserved it but she wouldn't give in without a fight. She reached around and dug her nails into his neck and pulled him into her. His hot tongue embedding deep into her, she could feel it coming just as he pulled back from her.

He leaned back and grinned devilishly "Two can play at that game," his eyes were shimmering pools of heat as he stared into hers. He leaned down and lashed her clit with his tongue, she cried out as the pleasure burned through her. He nipped her clit with his teeth and then pulled back and stood up. He grinned and then walked out of the room.

Tanya groaned and watched as he strode away, she licked her lips as she watched his muscular golden skin ripple as he strode up the hall. She watched his tight ass flex as he moved. She scrambled to move off the wall to follow him to her bedroom.

Brennan waited for her to enter the room then ambushed her he shoved her up against the wall and kissed her hungrily his throbbing thickness rubbing against her. His eyes were dark with passion, "You've been a naughty woman," he growled, "Naughty women get punished," he licked his lips then shoved her onto the bed and straddled her.

She groaned and bucked her hips she was so hot right now, the fire burned throughout her body. She needed to throw him off somehow, the sight she managed to catch of his cock was that it was heavily engorged. This would be hard and fast she just knew it would be, it couldn't be anything else.

He leaned down and nipped her neck, his hot tongue on her neck as he rubbed his cock against her stomach, "What do you want?" he asked with a purr.

She bucked under him and cursed, "I need your cock Officer, please," she hoped that was enough for him that he would put her out of her misery her whole body burned with unsated desire.

He smirked at her, but the urge was driving at him too strongly to draw this out any further. He was going to black out from sensory overload if he didn't remedy the problem right now. Lifting her knees to they opened her wide, he looked down and admired the sight of her body spread and slick with her desire, he reared back and slammed his cock deep inside of her. He hissed as the pleasure exploded into a conflagration around him. 

Tanya screamed as a sudden orgasm exploded from her, her nails deeply embedding into his arms. The overwhelming shock of his thick hardness slamming into her was like a nuclear blast to her senses she was completely blown away by the explosive force of her release. 

He shuddered and dragged the last shards of his control around himself and forced back his impending release he needed to drive her to that sharp point again before he released himself. She was so tight and hot it squeezed all sense from him as he slid back and slammed home again.

Tanya screamed again as the searing pleasure sent violent shocks throughout her body. She couldn't believe it, it was peaking again so soon. The warm wetness under her fingers brought her back for a moment. She grimaced remembering the gouges she left in his back earlier she needed to cut her nails back.

He pulled back from her panting and said huskily, "Don't worry about the scratches, I love knowing that I made you do that."

She dropped her hands to his tight ass and squeezed tightly making him groan as his fullness rubbed up against her stomach. "Fuck me Officer, make me scream," she said huskily.

His eyes gleamed darkly as he grasped her hips then suddenly slammed in deep again splitting her wide open. He growled as she screamed and gripped his arms tightly again, "You're so damn tight crushing my cock. It's incredible."

He groaned the hot burning bite of her nails was mingling with the electric sensation of her inner walls clasping him tightly. He thrust harder and growled as her nails raked his arms.
