 Traveling to the other side of the state on a service call, Ernie had to stop to get some gas. While he was inside paying for the gas, he noticed a van pulling up to the station.

He walked back to the pump and started to fill up his car when he saw a beautiful blonde standing by the van working the gas pump. She was wearing a pretty dress made out of very light material. The slight breeze caused her dress to blow around without any effort. It's short length only enhanced her long sexy legs. She was beautiful! Ernie was secretly hoping that a good breeze would hike her dress up enough for a free show, but it was not to be.

After filling up his own car, and enjoying the view, he decided he had to be going. Traveling to the other coast only took a couple of hours, but they were two long and boring hours he did not look forward to. Most people took the main highway, but Ernie preferred to take the back roads. This allowed him to enjoy the trip as much as possible, without the stress of other traffic. He pulled into a fast food restaurant, grabbed a quick bite, used the restroom and headed on his way. If he were lucky, he would get there before sundown.

Traffic, even on the back roads, was unusually sparse today. He could not recall when he saw the last car either coming or going. This did not make him uncomfortable but rather relieved. Ernie enjoyed being isolated somewhat. As he drove he looked around at all of the dirt roads intersecting off of the main road and wondered where they went.

Then as he was passing another intersection he noticed a van off of the side with its hood up. Knowing that the road he was on was rarely traveled, he decided to see if the driver of the van needed help.

To his surprise it appeared to be the van he saw at the gas station so many miles back. He pulled up, got out of his car, and shouted "Hello?"

The woman he saw at the gas station stepped around from the front of the van. Instantly Ernie recalled how beautiful this woman looked from a distance. How much better she looked up close and in real life!

"Hi." The woman said. "I sure am glad you stopped! I haven't seen any other cars in awhile and was getting worried that I would be trapped out here!"

"What seems to be the trouble?" Ernie asked.

"I'm not sure. I heard a loud noise from under the hood, and stopped to check it out. Then I could not get it started again".

"Let me have a look at it". "By the way, my name is Ernie".

"I'm Lisa"

Ernie went to his trunk and took out his tool bag and followed Lisa to the front of the van. She started to explain where she heard the noise from by leaning over the hood and pointing to somewhere around the engine. It was then that Ernie noticed just how low the front of her dress was cut and how flimsy the material really was. He had a perfect view of her breasts as she was describing what she heard. Ernie tried to pay attention to what she said, but her breasts were all he could focus on. They were not the biggest, nor the best looking ones he had ever seen, but they looked great from his angle! It was apparent that Lisa did not realize she was entertaining him. He did not want to embarrass her, and yet did not want to look away. 

Lisa leaned back and had a puzzled look on her face about the condition of her van, and Ernie started to investigate. He took out some tools, and a flashlight. After several minutes, he determined that she had run over something, and as it hit the van it dislodged a connector next to the engine. It was getting a little darker, and Ernie asked Lisa to hold his flashlight while he reached down and connected the wires.

Lisa took the flashlight, and leaned over the hood again while Ernie was repairing the car. Again Lisa's breasts were in full view and tormenting Ernie. He bent down deep under the hood and was trying to get her off of his mind. Oh how bad he wanted to feel her breasts instead of a greasy connector! 

Lisa happened to look down and realized that Ernie could see down the front of her dress, and probably had been the whole time! Not giving her awareness away, Lisa felt embarrassed, and violated. Then just as quickly, she started to feel a little sexy. After all, they were totally alone, Ernie wasn't half bad looking, and he was working on her van. She often entertained the idea of being a closet exhibitionist, but never had the courage to actually do it. Now, inadvertently, she had started something she may be quite willing to finish.

Lisa continued to lean over the hood of the van as Ernie was finishing up. She was feeling a little self-conscious, (after all, what if he doesn't like what he sees?). He straightened up somewhat, and looked at Lisa again. Looking into her eyes he realized that his secret had been discovered. He felt somewhat embarrassed but noticed that she did not straighten up this time. It seemed that she knew what was on his mind, and was enjoying teasing him. She looked into his eyes, and with a smile said, "Do you like what you see?"

Not knowing how to answer and starting to blush, Ernie said "With the engine? Or do you mean you?"

"You know very well what I mean". Lisa answered with a sly look on her face.

Sheepishly Ernie answered "Yes".

Lisa continued to lean against the van, with her breasts knowingly exposed under her dress. "Have you been looking at me the whole time?"

Again a sheepish "Yes".

Lisa wiggled her upper body slightly so that her breast jiggled a little bit. Then noticing that the sun was setting, she stood up and walked around the van with something else in mind. The light material of her dress combined with the sun behind her allowed Ernie a silhouetted view of her entire body. It was as if she was standing there totally naked, except with her dress lightly blowing in the breeze. He could see the silhouetted shape of her firm breasts and erect nipples. If he thought they looked good before, they looked even better now! Ernie's cock was starting to get real hard as she positioned herself in various poses to allow him to see as much of her as possible. Lisa hiked up her dress and took her panties off. Then she faced the sun, and stood there with her legs spread just a little bit stretching her arms above her head. Ernie could see the silhouette of her pubic hairs between her thighs as the sun shined through them. The view was absolutely fantastic! All he wanted to do was grab his raging cock and wack off to this glorious sight! It wasn't long before he did grab it and give it a little attention.

With the sun finally setting too much to make the moment last, Lisa turned around and walked toward Ernie. Her beautiful hair and dress were blowing in the wind as she came toward him with an intense look in her eyes. While posing for this man, Lisa realized just how horny this was making her. To expose herself in a tantalizing way and teasing this man to the brink of ejaculation made her feel very powerful and sexy.

As she approached him, she could see a dark spot on his pants where his pre-cum had exposed how he truly felt. The stain was so big she wondered if he had already ejaculated. She decided to pursue this moment and tease him some more. She was working her way to a mini-orgasm herself with the way things were progressing. She could tell that she was wetter between the legs than she had been in a long time. Even with her best boyfriend!

She approached the van and leaned against it in such a way that her dress pulled up enough to expose the bottom of her perfectly rounded ass. She spread her legs slightly, and wiggled her ass to the left and right just enough to change the view with each wiggle. She started to rub her breast with one hand, while the other one reached between her legs and started to rub her crotch. She was well lubricated enough to slide a finger into her pussy. She spent the next few moments rubbing her pussy and using her lubrication to rub her clit. She started to cum in short gasps. 

Not being able to take it anymore, Ernie came up behind Lisa. He got down on his knees and put his face right on her pussy. He started to tongue fuck her and lick up her juices. Every once in awhile, he would use his tongue on her neglected clit, sending waves of pleasure throughout her body. Ernie provided Lisa with such unbelievable pleasures that she actually ejaculated! Her whole body was quivering with fatigue.

Then Lisa and Ernie stood up, went around to the sliding door, and opened it. When Lisa bent over, the floor of the van provided the perfect height for Ernie to enter Lisa's pussy with his raging hard on. He moved her dress out of the way, grabbed her around the waist and slipped his cock deep into her with one smooth thrust. They fucked each other for what seemed an eternity. Being out in the middle of nowhere, Lisa could scream her head off which drove Ernie into a "fucking frenzy". Harder and faster he pumped his cock into her until he exploded hot cum inside of her. 

Lisa was exhilarated, and satisfied. She did not plan on anything like this happening, but had always fantasized about something like this coming true. Ernie could not believe that the angel at the gas station was bent over in front of him with his cock deep inside of her. 

After resting up, they decided to go another round or two. After all, they were out in the middle of nowhere, and all alone. They both realized that it was a chance fantasy that would probably never be repeated, so they made the most of it. Ernie and Lisa experienced more orgasms that night than they ever had before. They both fell asleep late that night, cuddled up together.

By morning, they decided to travel on together, hoping they would have another breakdown. :)