 This time you parked in the farthest darkest spot in the parking lot. You started to get hard watching me walk across the lot remembering the last time we were there. Knowing my ass is bare, as my Master had demanded, under the skirt I'm wearing; you slide over to the passenger side and open the door as I near. You turn sideways, legs out the door, I'm almost eye level with your now rock-hard cock. With nothing but a smile and a raised eyebrow I releases you from your pants and eagerly start to suck. 

You pull me up onto the truck and onto your lap so you can close the door. Your hands slide up the inside of my legs and under my skirt. You already know I'm dripping wet. You slide a finger in and start doing slow circles around my clit. Hands still under my skirt and around my waist, in one forceful movement you impale me with your shaft. 

"Ohhh!" I sharply exhale. 

You pull my tits out, alternating between the two, kissing, sucking, pinching and twisting my hardened nipples. I start rocking my hips back and forth more urgently. You put your hands back on my hips so you can control the movement and pace knowing we are both right on the edge. You slide one hand down and massage my clit with your thumb. I tighten my arms around you pulling you closer and whispers in your ear what you already know, "I'm cumming!" 

You take a left out of the parking lot and start driving. As the miles pass by I can't keep my hands off your cock. You pull over sooner than you wanted to but this can't wait. We get out and you help me into the box of your truck, sliding my skirt and shirt off as you do. 

"Get my cock in your mouth now!" 

I fumble with the button and zipper in my hast. Your cock tastes and feels so good back in my mouth. Your hands are holding my head in place, I start to gag a so you release some of the pressure. You need a bit of a break so you don't cum right away. You lay me down and straddle me. Your hands over mine as we hold my tits together so you can rub your cock between them. I lick your tip every time my tongue can reach it. 

You reach back and feel how wet my pussy is; I'm dripping. You move my hands over my head and slide in all at once. You can feel my pussy pulsing after 3 deep thrusts and my moaning shoots you over the edge. One more deep thrust and you shoot your load. A few more thrusts because it feels so good and you roll beside me. You reach down with your fingers and scoop up some of our juices and slide them around to my ass. 

Slowly circling my tight hole, you say, "Now we don't have to rush this..." 

On the road again, driving down a straight stretch of the highway, you reach over and give my nipple a twist. You reach into my shirt to get a better grip. You pull me towards you, your hand leaving my chest to grab my ponytail. Guiding my mouth to your rock-hard cock that was already out of your pants. I do my best to get you all the way into my mouth but there isn't a lot of room between your cock and the steering wheel. You pull the truck over, tilt the wheel and recline the seat. You unbuckle my seat belt so I can twist onto my knees without letting go of your cock. 

"Mmmmm," you moan, smacking my ass. 

You slide your hand into the waist of my skirt, shoving it down to reveal my now bare ass. Rubbing the fresh hand print and running your fingers down the crack of my ass and into my dripping wet pussy. 

"You've done well my pet," as you swirl your fingers around, you drag some of the wetness towards my ass. "I'm going to let you cum when I cum." 

My "Thank you Master," comes out as a moan as I'm not letting your cock go. 

You're playing with my clit and I don't know how I'm going to last. That's when I feel you slide something cold into my pussy. I realize you are lubing up the plug you bought me. The force of you pushing it into my ass causes me to gasp and go deeper onto your cock. I can't stop from cumming as you start fingering me harder and faster as you shoot your hot load down my throat.