 Tina blew down route 66 at a brisk pace. Her blue 66 VW Bug was only three years old, but some days it made noises that made her worry that it was going to die at any given time. Her red shirt whipped in the wind from the open window as she drove, and she smiled, feeling free on the open road, The Beatles "Yellow Submarine" playing on the radio.

She saw a hitchhiker walking along the road a mile or so ahead. She had seen them before, but didn't usually stop for them, what with hearing about people getting killed by strangers they'd picked up. Yet, she was a kind woman and you never knew when it might be you. She slowed as she neared the hiker, reaching over and rolling down her passenger window. "Where are you headed," she called out to him.

"San Francisco," he replied. Tina could see he was dressed recently and while his hair was down to his shoulders, it wasn't too messy, like some hippies she'd seen. "Hop in," she said, deciding she wouldn't mind the company. "I'm headed to Berkeley."

He stowed his gear in her meager back seat, which was already filled with many of her own things. As he sat down she studied his features: green eyes, a small moustache and no piercings. She'd seen some guys with them, and she didn't care for them. She felt only women should have pierced ears. He did look good, though with a the dyed shirt and blue jeans.

"My name's Jordan," he said, introducing himself. "Tina," she replied. "What's out in Frisco for you?"

"A friend's offered me a job out there, something to do with computers," he said. "Told me some really far out stuff, like he can make a computer that fits on a desk, electronic stuff you can hold in your hand and do math with. "

She chuckled. "Sounds like he's been reading too many science fiction magazines."

He smiled and shook his head. She thought he had a cute smile. "I dunno about that, but I thought of go out and see what he's doing, haven't had much luck on jobs lately. How about you?"

She blushed, thinking it sounded far out now. "A friend of mine is going to help me be a model. I've always wanted to try it."

Jordan looked up and down at her. Long slender legs, blemish free skin, red pouty lips, black hair tied back in a ponytail. "You'll do well, I think. You look like a model."

She blushed. "Thanks, but I think your computer job will be more successful than my modeling. What's your friend's name?"

"Steve Jobs. We went to high school together, then I got drafted. Shipped me to boot camp, but I couldn't cut it physically. Just as well, I hate what they're doing in Vietnam," he said. "But my dad served on World War 2, so I had to try for him."

She nodded. "I don't even understand why we're over there."

They drove on for miles, and it was getting dark. They pulled into a motor lodge. Jordan didn't have enough for his own room, so they shared a room with two beds.

It wasn't exactly the Ritz, but it was clean, and Tina set a bag of clothes on one of the beds. "I don't know about you, but I need a shower," she said.

"Go ahead, ladies first." He said. "Mmm, such a gentleman," she said as she walked in. She turned on the shower and started to undress and brush her hair as she waited for the water to warm up. She could see through the crack in the open door that Jordan was getting ready for his shower. She let out an involuntary gasp as he pulled his shirt off, revealing a hard chest with well-defined abs. She almost pouted when she tried to see below the waist, but the mirror only went to the waist.

But the mirror worked both ways. Jordan could see a little into the bathroom, and as he undressed, he could barely see her in front of the mirror in her bra. How he wished she'd taken it off! She was beautiful, and until now on this trip hadn't really thought about her too much as he was still getting over his last girlfriend, but of course, seeing a beautiful woman's flesh awakens certain things.

Tina let the water wash away the dirt from the day. As she washed, he hands grazed her warmth, and it sent a small charge through her. It'd been months since she'd been filled, not since her boyfriend had run out on her. She bit her lip to keep any noise from coming out. Jordan was handsome, she thought, but she didn't want to sleep with a guy she just met that day. She thought it would make her loom like a slut to him.

She finished showering and dried off, wrapping a towel around herself, then stepping out. The tile floor was cold and she walked briskly out to get her nightgown. "Go ahead," she said to Jordan He nodded and went into the bathroom. She put on her gown and turned. The darn door was still a little open and she could see him. She let out a little gasp as she saw his member. Even though he wasn't hard, it hung down like a ripe fruit waiting to be picked. She tried not to stare as she licked her lips, imagining how it would taste..

She shook her head and turned away. She had to be a good girl! Good girls don't think about such things, she told herself. She turned her light off and closed her eyes, trying to sleep.

Jordan let the water fall on him as he rinsed. He grinned to himself, knowing he'd probably given Tina an eyeful if shed been watching him like he had been watching her. He just wished he could've seen more of her than her bra. His hand brushed his member, and he considered getting some relief. He decided not to, he didn't want her to wonder why he was taking so long in the shower.

He got out and wrapped a towel around his waist. Walking out he saw that she'd already turned off her light and gone to sleep. He shook his head. Oh well, he thought. Its not like there won't be other times. He put his boxers on and went to sleep.

Tina woke the next morning to see Jordan already up and sipping some coffee. She preferred milk, but she knew it'd be another long day of driving, so she gladly accepted a cup. "Breakfast of champions," Jordan said. "A good scientist never goes without, never know when he'll be up to the wee hours."

Tina laughed at that. "And how late were you up?" He smiled. "Not long after I got out of the shower. You were already snoring away." She hit him on the arm and blushed. "I do not snore," she pouted.

That made Jordan chuckle. "Sounded like it. And you're cute when you pout, has anyone ever told you that?"

That made her blush even more. She tried to hide it by saying, "I'm going to load the car." Then she walked out and almost started to cry. Her car was sitting where it had been last night, but on four flat tires! Jordan heard her sniffles and went to see what was wrong. "Oh no," he said. "Looks like you're not going anywhere yet."

She covered her face, she was on the verge of tears. What would she do! How would she get this fixed? She cried for a few minutes then took a deep breath. Calm down, she thought. I can get though this. She started to think of who she could call.

She went back into the room to use the phone, only to see Jordan was already talking to someone. "A day? OK, we can wait then. Thanks, I owe you one." He said then hung up. He looked up at her and said, "Steve's wiring me some money to fix your tires, but it'll be a day or so."

She coulfnt believe what she'd heard. He was paying for her tires? She opened her mouth, trying to get the words out, but no sound came out. Jordan smiled, "You're welcome. Least I could do for you giving me a ride." Finally, she whispered, "Thank you."

Since they had a day to wait, they decided to relax a bit. They had some breakfast, then decided to go swimming. The motel's pool wasn't much, but it was cold, and guaranteed to cool off any swimmers on this hot day. "I can really see you being a model," Jordan had said. "You'll warm up the pool, you look so hot."

She blushed at his complement, "Not looking too shabby yourself, Mister. If guys who can't cut it in the army are like that, I wonder what the ones who do look like." He grinned. "A lot worse," he chuckled.

They each jumped on the pool, splashing each other, but each time he brushed against her, a shock went through her. He looks so hot, she thought. The image from the night before in the mirror was definitely not helping either, making her insides warm and mushy knowing it was so close to her. She closed her eyes and tried to breathe slowly. I have to be good, she kept telling herself.

Jordan, too, was tortured. Her backside had brushed against him a few times, and it stirred him up. He didn't want to try something, as she probably was not trying to lead him on. If she was, she was doing a terrible job at it. Or, he thought to himself, am I just reading things wrong?

When they were done playing in the pool, Tina got out and laid out on a lawn chair. The day was so warm, she wanted to dry off naturally, and maybe get a little tanned. She laid on her stomach on a pool chair, and Jordan got some suntan lotion. It turned out to be a BIG mistake for her. He had huge, warm hands that seemed to turn her insides even more into mush as they already were. As he rubbed the lotion onto her skin, she couldn't help but think about how it'd feel if he touched her, caressed her, and brought her to orgasm. She took slow, deep breaths, trying to control herself. I'm not that kind of girl, she kept telling herself.

Jordan too, tried to control himself. He was lotioning a very beautiful woman, and it was all he could do to not cop a feel. He rubbed the lotion in till it was shining on her skin. He heard her contented sigh as he rubbed her back, then went down to rub her legs. They were perfectly shaped, and he rubbed them till they were shiny with lotion, then when he was about done, rubbed his hands up the inside of her legs, brushing on her crotch. It felt warm, and he was tempted to brush it again, but once is an accident. Two is on purpose. Jordan smiled and sat in the chair next to her for a while.

Tina had gasped at the electric shock that went thru her body when he'd touched her. Did he want her? Was he teased by her as much as she was by him? Her mind was in turmoil. What should she do? It wasn't like they would see each other much, if at all after she dropped him off in San Francisco, nor would he be coming up to Berkley...

And yet, a part of her continued to want her to be good. But the more she thought about it, maybe she could make a move on him without seeming slutty. They'd be leaving in the morning, and at worse, it'd be an awkward silence for the next 300 miles. She thought long and hard about how she was going to approach him.

That night they went for dinner at the only restaurant in town. The menu was pretty bland, but then, it didn't look like many people other than the locals ever ate there. "There's so much more you could do with this place," Jordan commented. "Better lighting, a more diverse menu, and a couple of tvs, and this wouldn't be just a local attraction."

"Yes," Tina had said. "Where are they going to get the money to do it? Besides, they don't seem to have much interest in expanding." 

Jordan was impressed at how smart she could be. He wondered if she might make a better businesswoman than a model. "Maybe someday I'll buy it and rename it Tina's Place."

She giggled. "Yeah, that would go over well." They finished their dinner, and split the tab. They went back to their room, and tonight, Tina had insisted on Jordan taking his shower first. He finally went in, and while he was in there, she'd taken her shirt off, then her bra in front of the mirror, knowing he'd be watching her. Making sure her robe showed a bit more cleavage than usual, she waited for him to get out.

Jordan had been watching, and enjoyed the eyeful she'd given him. She must not know that he could see her, he thought. He considered telling her later. He took his shower, but he couldn't get that image out of his head. She was smart and beautiful. Who could resist such a woman?

He got out of the shower, dried off and went out to get into his boxers. His jaw almost dropped when he saw her. She was only wearing her robe, nothing else, and the cleavage on her robe almost seemed to make her warm breasts pop out. Think of grandma, he thought to himself to keep him from showing his arousal. It wasn't working. It was starting to show in his towel. "My turn?" she said. He could only nod his head, unable to take his eyes off her.

She knew what effect she was having on him, and walked up to him slowly. "I hope you left some hot water," she said barely above a whisper, caressing his chest. "Jordan, can I ask you something?"

"Sure," he managed to finally say. "Anything."

"Do you think I'm attractive?" she said huskily.

"Hell yes," he said. "You're gorgeous."

She started to rub his chest, leaning in close to kiss him. "Good," she whispered. "I think you're attractive too." And with that, she kissed him, and it felt like the world was falling away. She lost herself in that kiss, tasting the sweetness of his lips, feeling his muscular chest. He too, lost himself, pulling her to him, his warm hands exploring her back, then squeezing her butt, which made her moan. His towel fell off as they kissed, and somehow the sash of her robe got undone, neither could remember who'd done it.

Without breaking the kiss, they fell back onto Jordan's bed, Tina's fingers tangled in Jordan's thick brown hair as they kissed, his tongue brushing on hers. He then kissed to her ear, sucking her earlobe and blowing gently on it, making her grip him tightly, trying to grind her hips up to meet his. He kept them away on purpose, teasing her as he kissed to her chin, then her neck, then cupping a breast in his large hand and sucking the nipple. "Ohhhh," she moaned, and arched her back to give him more.

Her robe was completely open, and Jordan drank in the sight of her beautiful form. He kissed down her chest to her stomach, then to her groin. Her legs opened, and he caressed her with his warm tongue. She gasped, holding onto his hair as his tongue slipped in her, tasting her sweetness. She was in heaven, her eyes closed and back arched as he licked deep in her, his nose brushing her clit. She began rubbing against his face, losing herself in her pursuit of her orgasm, grinding and grinding...

And then he pulled away. She looked down at him with a desperate pout. He went up and kissed her pout, his engorged cock pressing against her then entering on its own. She gripped his back, her nails digging into his skin as inch after inch went in, filling her so completely. She moaned into his mouth as he started thrusting hard and deep, his balls slapping into her hips. Soon, the only sounds in the room were their ecstatic moans and the slapping of his hips into her. She wrapped her legs around him tightly, pulling him deeper into her as she got closer and closer to cumming, she wouldn't be denied this time. 

Crying out, her orgasm hit her like a freight train, wave after wave of pleasure went through her, all she could do was hold onto him and kiss him. He could feel her pussy clench and release on his cock, and he was close to cumming himself. With one hard thrust, he pressed tight to her, plunging his cock all the way in as his cock spurted like a fire hose, stream after stream fanning the flames inside her warm wetness. They lay still for minutes, hours, days. Time didn't have meaning for either of them as they were lost in the throes of their mutual orgasm. Their panting soon subsided, and they kissed deeply, falling asleep in each other's arms.