 Jeff Chandler closed the front door of what had been his home for the past two years. Sam, his black Labrador frolicked at his side, anxious to jump into the car that was parked in the driveway. When Jeff opened the door, Sam quickly jumped into the back seat. Jeff went around to the driver's side and got in the car. He put his key into the ignition and started the car, noting that she did not appear to be looking out the window as he backed out of the driveway.

Jeff and Linda had been a couple for the past two years. Both had been through divorces a year before they met but Linda was also clinically depressed, a fact which she hid very well until she lost her job about 15 months ago. She hid in the whiskey bottle then and did little more than drink and sleep. 

He arranged for her to get counseling and paid for her hospital stay to dry out. Nothing worked. He didn't like living in a mausoleum with a nearly comatose woman. No hugs, no kisses, no making dinner, no sex, nothing. Finally, he gave her an ultimatum! Straighten out by April 15th, three months from now, or he was leaving. Today was the 16th of April.

He had all his worldly possessions in the trunk of his car. With Sam for company, he was headed West to Las Vegas. He owned a house there that had been rented out but the tenant was about to move, giving him the perfect opportunity to move back in.

With the music of the Oak Ridge Boys in the CD player, he turned onto the highway and set the cruise control. It would be an easy drive. He had already made this trip several times before. 

After driving for a while, he saw the sign for the first rest stop off the highway in Iowa. Although Sam had been sleeping in the back seat, Jeff figured he could use a stretch of the legs and a rest stop didn't sound too bad to him either.

Turning in at the entrance, he steered to the parking area for cars and parked. Turning the car off was Sam's signal to quickly jump to the front seat. Jeff attached the leash to Sam's collar only because it was required. He knew Sam wouldn't cause any trouble or run away. As they got out of the car, another car pulled into the space next to them. Jeff saw a man at the wheel and another person on the other side he thought was a woman.

As he and Sam crossed in front of the car, a woman with red hair got out of the car and slammed the door a little harder than was necessary. Jeff watched as she marched to the building housing the restrooms. His attention was diverted as the other car door slammed. The driver was moving to the rear of the car.

Jeff watched as the driver opened the trunk and removed a blue suitcase, the wheeled kind used by flight attendants. He also removed what appeared to be a makeup case and tossed both of them into the empty parking space next to his car. He then got back into the car, started it, backed out of the space, and drove away. With a slight grin, Jeff waited for the redhead to reappear.

A few minutes later, she came down the walk and stopped.

"That bastard!" she shouted.

She moved to the suitcase, grabbed the handle, then stooped to retrieve the makeup case and moved them both to the sidewalk. Jeff let Sam find his way over to the lady and sniff her knees. When Sam sat at her feet, Jeff started to move towards her.

"Hello."

"Uh, Hello. Is this your dog?"

"Yes. He seems to like you. He doesn't usually sit next to people he doesn't like. His name is Sam."

She bent down to pet the dog on the head.

"Hello, Sam."

"I'm Jeff Chandler. It seems you're in a spot of bother."

"I guess so. I didn't expect him to just leave me stranded."

"Come on over to the bench and have a seat while you gather your thoughts."

"Thanks, I think I will."

"My name is Diane Foster." She said, offering her hand.

"Nice to meet you, Diane." 

"Just for curiosities sake, why did he run off while you were in the restroom?"

"We were having a fight about the reason for our trip. He wanted to go to Vegas so we could get married and I told him I just wanted to go for the vacation. It's not that I disliked him, I just don't want to get married- period. I've been there and I'm not going back."

"I understand that attitude, Diane. I wouldn't want to get married again either. So now what are you going to do?"

"I'm not sure. I've never been in this situation before. I'm not sure of my options. I'm sure there's a way out of this somehow but I don't know how."

"As I see it, you basically have three options."

"Three? Really?"

"Sure. First, you can go to the pay phone and call 911. You ask for the State Police and tell them you're stranded here. They'll probably offer you a ride to the nearest town with a motel and drop you there. I'm not sure how long it will take them to get here because it will depend on what else is going on. You may have to wait a few hours for your ride."

"That doesn't sound so great. What's option two?"

"Option Two would be to call someone you know and ask them to come and get you. Is that a viable option?"

"No. I don't have any friends or relatives in this area. Both of my daughters live in San Diego and I don't have any real friends that would drive this far to get me."

"Option Three is relatively dangerous, I think. If you're brave enough, you could ask one of the folks who stop here for a ride to the nearest town or perhaps to where ever they might be headed, in other words, hitchhike. I wouldn't ask the truckers if I were you as they would probably want something in return if they are even allowed to have a passenger."

"Sorry, I'm not that brave. There's no guarantee that I would be treated well by a trucker. I've heard too many stories about women ending up dead. Do you really think I could hitch a ride safely with a random traveler?" 

"Sure. You'll just have to be careful in choosing the right stranger. Some of us are stranger than most."

"I hear that. Oh, Jeff, I've never been exactly the bravest person in the group but this really scares me to death. Maybe that 911 call isn't such a bad idea."

"Well, Sam and I are also going to Las Vegas. Actually, We're moving there. If you want to take the risk, you could ride with us. Sam seems to think you're a nice person and he's a pretty good judge of character. Your only risk would be in trusting me."

"You seem like a nice guy, Jeff, but what proof do I have that you're really as nice as you appear?"

"Good question. We are going to Las Vegas at a leisurely pace, which means stopping in hotels or motels along the way. If you can afford it, you can get your own room. Otherwise, you'll have to room with us. Since we're travelling with a dog, we'll have to accept what ever accommodations the place has to offer."

"That means we may get a room with two beds or one bed. I don't wear pajamas to sleep in so if that bothers you, you can look the other way, sneak into bed after the lights get turned off, or sleep in the bathtub, your choice."

"I guarantee that I won't rape you or hurt you in any way but you have only my word for that. If things get too intense, you could always call 911 when we stop."

"I guess I can live with that, Jeff. Thanks for being honest with me. For the record, I don't have enough for a separate room so we'll have to play it by ear."

"Ok, but I'm not exactly in your league when it comes to looks so I'd appreciate it if you would try not to laugh if and when you see me naked. Will you sit here with Sam while I use the restroom? Then we'll put your things in the trunk and head on down the road."

"Ok, I'll wait here and I promise not to laugh." 

Five minutes later they put her things in Jeff's trunk, let Sam into the back seat, and got in the car. 

"Here's to another adventure, Sam. We've got a lady here now so we'll be three for dinner."

Two hours later, Jeff pulled off the highway for gas and lunch. They ate at a small restaurant and fed and walked Sam before heading on. Halfway thru the afternoon, they stopped at another rest stop to let Sam run for a bit, then continued on until nearly 5:30. Jeff saw a sign for a Hilton hotel at the next exit and indicated they would stop there for the night. Diane cheerfully agreed.

Diane and Sam stayed in the car while Jeff registered, asking for a room on the ground floor to make it easier to walk Sam. He also requested a room with a king-sized bed. Both of his requests were granted and he was given two keys and directions to the room.

"We're in luck." he said, as he got back into the car. 

"We have a room on the ground floor in the back so it will be easy to walk Sam. Unfortunately, it has only one bed but it's king-size. On the bright side, they have a full service restaurant and a pool with a hot tub. I presume you packed a swim suit."

"Wow! Sounds great! Yes, in fact, I even bought a new one for this trip. I haven't had the nerve to wear it yet." Diane replied, with a genuine smile on her face, Jeff noticed. A few minutes later, they were parked in front of their door.

"I suppose you need both of your cases, Diane?"

"I can get them, Jeff. You take care of Sam and your own luggage."

Dinner was a pleasant affair and Jeff just signed the check, charging it to the room. They agreed during dinner that the pool looked like a good option. Diane changed into her bikini while Jeff took Sam for a walk. When he opened the door, he was shocked. Her bikini left almost nothing to the imagination.

"Wow! Are you sure you want to wear that in public?"

"Of course. I think it looks good, don't you?"

"Absolutely! I've just never been this close to a woman who wore so little without being naked."

"Thank you for the complement! It does cover all the required parts, doesn't it?"

"Yes, but just barely. Give me a minute and I'll get my suit on."

Jeff began to undress in front of Diane as tho she wasn't in the room. When his pants came down, Diane could see that she definitely had an effect on him. Jeff deliberately took his time getting into his board shorts style suit and tying the lacing at his waist. He grabbed two towels and the room key then opened the door for Diane to precede him. He wanted to watch that fine ass wiggle as they made their way to the pool.

Their time in the pool was very relaxing. They didn't touch but stayed rather close to each other, especially as others joined them. An hour later, Jeff suggested they return to the room as he wanted to get an early start in the morning. Diane agreed and climbed the pool ladder, swinging her hips right in front of his nose.

In the room, they showered separately, although Diane came out of the bathroom wrapped only in a towel. Jeff mimiced her actions but then dropped his towel to dress and take Sam for his nightly walk. Diane grinned as Jeff revealed his manhood to her once again but didn't otherwise say anything.

When Jeff and Sam returned, Diane was already in the bed with the covers up to her neck. Jeff proceeded to undress, laying his clothes out for the morning, then turned off the light.

"Goodnight, Diane, sleep well."

"You too, Jeff, pleasant dreams."

Jeff sleepily opened his eyes without moving. He saw that it was only 6 am but he felt a hot weight on his back. Turning his head, he realized that a naked Diane was lying against him with one arm draped lightly across his waist. As his senses awoke, he realized that her tits were against his back and her pussy was spooned against his ass. What a way to wake up!

Diane was beginning to wake up and her lips lightly brushed the back of his neck.

"Is this ok, Jeff?" she whispered.

"Absolutely!" he replied. 

"Will you roll over and hold me for awhile, please?"

Jeff began to roll towards her without answering and she rolled away from him. When his arm came around her waist, she grabbed his hand and held it to her breast. He heard her sigh as she pressed backwards into him. His cock was pressed to the crack of her ass. Now it was his turn to kiss the back of her neck. She sighed again and pressed his hand harder to her breast.

After a short time, Diane turned toward Jeff and kissed him on the mouth. He returned her kiss with his cock throbbing against her pussy lips. Diane moaned as she pressed against him. She finally broke the kiss and opened her eyes, staring into his blue eyes.

"You are so lovely to wake up with, Jeff. Thank you."

"My pleasure, Diane. Any time at all."

"My stomach is growling. Could we get up and get some breakfast, please?"

"Sure. I'll have to walk and feed Sam first. I'll just throw some clothes on and you can take your time while we're out, ok?"

"Yes, thank you, that would be great. I'll need a minute to arrange my makeup."

"You don't need makeup to look good for me, Diane."

Jeff leaned forward and kissed her on the mouth and Diane wrapped her arms around his head as she returned the kiss. Jeff got off the bed and Diane got a good luck at his manhood standing out proudly. She sucked in a breath as she watched Jeff walk across the room to his clothes. 

She sat up and let the blanket slip down revealing her breasts to his view. Jeff's eyes lit up at the sight of her partial nudity and Diane arched her back slightly, showing off her small but sensitive tits.

Sam was prancing at the door so Jeff could do no more then grin at the sight of the woman before grabbing the leash. He carefully shut the door and whistled loudly to Sam as they started across the driveway to the grassy area beyong it.

"Sammy, that lady is driving me nuts! You sure know how to pick 'em, boy, you sure do!"

Twenty minutes later, Jeff knocked at the door before pushing it open. Diane was sitting in the chair brushing her hair. She grinned widely as they came in and Sam bounded across the room to her. She hugged the dog and petted him warmly while Jeff got his food dish out. In five minutes, they were ready to go down to breakfast.

Breakfast was a series of sexual innuendos, sly smiles, and touches. Their relationship was blossoming faster than they imagined but neither of them wanted to put on the brakes. Everything seemed to happen in just the right way at just the right time, at least so far.

Tuesday was almost a carbon copy of Monday. They stopped every two hours or so to let Sam out. At each stop, they engages in a little more touching and kissing. During the drive, they explained their respective pasts to each other. Although their lives were very different, Jeff didn't find anything in what she said that would bother him. She seemed to take what he said in stride as well, asking polite questions without judging him.

Tuesday night was almost a repeat of Monday night. When Jeff came back from walking Sam, she was already naked and in bed, covered up to her neck. When he got into bed, Diane was lying on her back.

"Jeff, could I have a goodnight kiss, please?"

"Yes, Ma'am." 

Jeff moved to her side and leaned over to kiss her on the mouth. As he did so, she slipped her arms around his neck and pulled him down on top of her. Their mouths met, each of them slightly open, and the kiss began in earnest. Jeff lay partially on top of Diane with her tits pressed against his chest and his thigh slipping between her legs.

Diane thrust her hip upward to harden the contact with his leg and moaned in his mouth as the kiss deepened. when Jeff finally broke the kiss, he moved his head backward just a little and looked her in the eye.

"Does that meet with your approval, Madam?"

"Oh, yes Sir, it surely does. May I have another one in the morning, please?"

"Whenever you are ready, Diane, whenever you are ready."

Jeff gently removed himself from her body and noted that she sighed as he did so. He suspected that she didn't really want him to leave but he didn't want to push her. When he rolled over onto his side, facing away from her, he was happy to discover that she moved towards him and butted herself up against his back. Jeff smiled a slow smile as he drifted off to sleep. 

The next morning, he felt her hand on his chest, gently scratching. He rolled onto his back and raised him arm to encircle her.

"Shhh. Let me do this for you." she whispered.

Her hand slid down his belly and grasped his hardening cock. She began to move her hand back and forth, increasing the strength of her grasp slightly with each movement. Jeff began to wiggle his hips slightly as his cock continued to harden under her touch. She switched hands and continued to rub his cock with her left hand while her right hand now fondled his balls.

"Oh, yeah, baby, that's great."

"Shhhh. Just enjoy." she admonished.

Her head dipped down and she sucked the head of his cock into her mouth. The warmth of her cavity was almost more than Jeff could stand. Diane began to move her hands and her mouth in concert, caressing his cock and balls as she sucked the head into her mouth.

Jeff reached over to fondle her ass and Diane wiggled her hips. When his fingers touched her ass hole, she moaned loudly with her mouth full of his cock. With one finger in her asshole, Jeff began to pull her to him but she resisted.

She was on fire! Her pussy was dripping and her ass was being caressed by his fingers and she had his hard cock in her hands and mouth. God, she was a brazen bitch, she thought.

Jeff's cock grew larger and stiffer as she continued to suck and caress it. His hips began to gyrate. She sucked more and more of his cock into her mouth until she almost gagged when the head of his cock touched the back of her throat.

She took the cock out of her mouth to catch a breath before continuing with her actions.

"Diane, I'm going to cum."

She nodded her head and grasped his cock even harder. In the next moment, Jeff unleashed a stream of his hot cum into her waiting mouth. Diane swallowed quickly and held his cock in her mouth waiting for the next shot. After the third shot of cum, she relaxed her hold on him and let his now limp cock slip from her hot, wet mouth.

"That was a fantastic, sweetheart. You're the first one ever to do that to me. Incredible!"

"Really? I though all men liked having their cocks sucked."

"Like it, yes, but having it successfully performed is a whole new experience for me. Why didn't you let me take care of you as well?"

"I wanted this to be a thank you for helping me out of a tight spot. Next time you can take care of me. For right now, can we get some real breakfast? I'm starving!"

"Ok, then, let's get dressed. I'll take Sam out for a short walk and then we'll head down to the breakfast room."

He got off the bed and offered his hand to her. She took his hand to steady herself as she stood up and found herself pulled into his embrace. She quickly opened her mouth to deeply kiss him while his hands caressed her ass cheeks. My, what a way to wake up! And she still hadn't been fucked properly!

Wednesday passed the same way as the previous days. Stops to let Sam run, lunch for all of them, then finally pulling into a hotel in St. George, Utah, for their final night on the road. Diane's mind was filled with the expectations of this night. She was completely taken with Jeff and wanted to feel his fat cock deep inside her more than anything.

When they went to dinner, Jeff began a serious conversation.

"We'll be in Las Vegas tomorrow, Diane. Have you given any thought to what you're going to do when we get there?"

"Actually, no, I've been having such a good time with you and Sam that I haven't really thought about it ending."

Jeff saw the scared look in her eyes and the tightening of her posture. He immediately reached over to take her hand.

"Diane, I wasn't talking about ending our relationship."

When she let out a breath and smiled, he continued.

"I meant that there are some things you should consider doing. For instance, do you want to set up a forwarding address for your mail? I also noticed that you have a credit card in your wallet so you'll have to do something with your bank accout, things like that."
