 Brent was happy to finally get the chance to be away for a few days. His wife had certainly changed over the last few years. She used to be sexually adventurous but no more.... Straight 'slam bam thank you ma'am' and that was even more and more rare lately. He missed the pure sexual passion he enjoyed with a woman when he was single or even newly married. He had decided that he would risk an affair if the opportunity presented itself in the next few days. If he resided in a bigger center he probably already would have, but living as he did in a town of 1500 people didn't really offer the opportunity for secret liaisons - everyone knew everything about everyone. He even had to take special precautions when he went online to play with women on the internet. People where he lived are prone to just show up at other people's homes unannounced. It would appear 'curious' if Brent answered the door all flushed with a major hard on..... Today though, was a chance to get away alone for 3 days. 

He was going to a city about 200 miles away to take some training for work, with any luck one of the women he had been playing online with would get a chance to come to his hotel room...he had brought his laptop to chat when he got there..... His only concern now was the weather, it was the worst part of the winter, and he hoped that he wouldn't get snowed in without even making it to the city. 

Nothing it seemed could take the joy out of Brent's heart or the excitement out of his loins. He was due into the city at about 5:30pm. He'd have a shower and go online and see who was willing to come and play for real. He was excited and had a difficult time keeping speed down, staying just over the speed limit when 'BANG' a horrible sound came out of the engine. His car drifted to a stop with steam pouring out from under the hood. 

Brent's heart sank. "Damn, I can't believe it." He muttered. 

His first thought was not of the car but the time he was going to miss in the city. He wasn't even going to try to see what he could do about the car. It was still under warranty so he pulled out his cell phone and called AMA right away. He told them approximately where he was and reminded them it was 50 miles from nowhere, and that it was very cold out. 

They appreciated his predicament but informed him the closest tow truck was over an hour away. He would have to do his best to stay warm while he waited. Brent put on his coat and settled in for a long cold wait. Almost no traffic was out on this secondary road today, probably because of the cold. 

A few cars went by but nobody even slowed down when they went sailing by him, rocking his car with the wash as they whined by. 

He had been there only about 15 minutes when he started to feel the temperature. His feet were the first to get cold, and his toes were already starting to ache. He knew he'd be completely frozen in the hour that he was told it would take the tow truck to get to him. He decided that he'd have to get a passing vehicle to stop and wait with him or give him a ride to the city. 

Brent zipped his coat up tighter, opened the door and stepped out into the frigid air. Raising the car's hood - the universal trouble signal, he stood beside his car waiting for someone to come down the road. 

It was less than five minutes later that he saw a semi truck approaching. He raised both his hands as a signal and as the truck went by he saw brake lights and the truck moved to the side of the road. It took about 60 yards for the truck to stop. Brent ran up to it stepped up to the passenger door and opened it. 

The warmth of the cab was welcome as he quickly climbed in to the heat. He took his first look at the driver of the truck. He was pleasantly surprised to see that it was a woman. A beautiful woman at that. She was wearing a loose fitting button up shirt, jeans and running shoes. Her long hair fell down her back in a shower. 

She smiled at him, "Trouble?" 

"Yes, damn cold out there I'll tell you. My car died about 45 minutes ago and I'm about numb." 

"I would think so." 

"I've called for a tow truck and it won't be here for at least a half hour. Can I get a ride to the city, or have you got time to wait until the tuck gets here?" 

"Well I do have a schedule to keep. I can give you a lift though. Do you know where they are taking your car?" 

"Yeah, they told me the dealership it was going to." 

"Ok good, let's roll then", she replied as she slipped the truck into gear and started to move ahead. She was soon up to highway speed. 

Once she had finished shifting gears, she turned to Brent, reached out her hand and said, "I'm Kris by the way." 

Brent took her hand, and answered, "Nice to meet you Kris, I'm Brent." 

"Oh, you're hands are freezing!" she said. "I've got the heat turned as high as it will go in this thing; I hope you're warming up." 

"Yes, it's great, thanks. I thought I was going to freeze to death. I'm ok now except my hands and feet." 

"Well take your shoes off, the heat will get to them sooner." 

"Ok, thanks." Brent replied as he slipped of his shoes and slid his feet into the heat from the blower. 

"No problem, make yourself comfortable, we have about an hour and a half to get to the city." Kris responded. To be honest it's nice to have some company for a change. I haven't had anyone to talk to except waitresses for six days." 

"I've never picked up a hitchhiker before actually," she continued glancing at Brent, 

"I've been warned against it, there's lots of freaks out there. You're not a serial killer or pervert are you" she giggled. 

"Not a serial killer for sure......define pervert" Brent answered with a chuckle. 

"Ha ha..... I see", she smiled to herself. "So Brent the pervert is it?" 

"Not lately", Brent answered. 

They slipped easily into a conversation of their home lives, each of them disappointing. Brent proceeded to tell her all about his passionless marriage and that this trip was to provide the opportunity for him to experience passion again.

She in turn told him about her present lack of involvement due to her work. He discovered that she spent twenty five days a month away from home. Most nights were spent in her rig, which she explained was her 'true' home. 

"Well it looks comfortable," Brent noted as he turned to look into the sleeper behind them. 

"It is...go ahead and take a look if you want." 

"Ok" Brent replied as he slipped out of his seat and through the entrance of the sleeper. 

He felt a distinct transition as he moved from the mechanical cab with all its buttons and dials, into this space which was defiantly a woman's space. 

The blankets were a soft pink and the pictures fastened to the walls were defiantly feminine. 

There was a small TV/VCR built into the storage rack at the foot of the bed that he imagined she watched chick flicks on. He noticed a woman's magazine laying on the nightstand, and then was slightly intrigued when he saw a pair of panties carelessly tossed on the floor. 

A strange woman's panties would interest any man. Wait, they weren't panties but on closer inspection - a thong. He immediately imagined this beautiful woman in a thong...the thought aroused him. 

"So, what do you think' Kris asked. 

"Very nice, you must be quite comfortable in there - TV and everything." Brent said as he sat back down in the passenger seat. 

"Yep, and there's beer in the little fridge - party central", she laughed. 

Looking ahead down the road Brent noticed brake lights and cars pulled over "What is going on up there" Brent asked. 

Kris started to gear down as they approached the traffic stopped on the road. 

"Don't know, accident maybe." 

They came to a stop in the line of cars and trucks. Kris switched on her CB and keyed the mic. She asked if anyone knew what was stopping traffic. The response came back that there was an avalanche on the road ahead about 2 miles. The best estimate was 4-5 hours before the road would be open again. 

"Great....", Kris moaned. 

They happened to be only a couple of hundred yards from a rest area, so Kris slipped the truck into gear and maneuvered her way to the entrance and was able to find a spot to park alongside the other trucks. 

"Well," Kris sighed, "Looks like we're here for a while." 

"I guess so. So much for my wild night in the city" he replied with a frown.

Kris felt a pang of sympathy for Brent. 

"Well we aren't in the city, but remember -This IS 'Party Central' she responded with a smile. "I'll grab us a beer." 

Kris slipped out of her seat and climbed through the opening into the sleeper. 

Brent turned to watch her pass and as she bent over the bed to reach into the little fridge he stared at her tight little ass. It was gorgeous. And, he noticed, no panty line. She must be wearing another thong he surmised - her jeans were so tight that had she been wearing panties, he surely would have seen the tell tale lines. 

"Here you go" Kris stated as she handed Brent a beer and sitting facing him on the side of her seat. 

"Thank-you, and thanks again for picking me up out there. I wish the damn car hadn't broken down though - I would have likely made it past where the avalanche is." 

"Hmmm maybe so.....but then I would have been stuck here on my own. It's nice to have some company - although you are an admitted pervert..." she laughed. 

"Ahhhh like I said though, it's been a while since I've been able to practice - not by choice however. Besides, you never did define pervert" he added. 

"Hmmm true..." she said as her eyes drifted to the ceiling in as she considered his question. "Not an easy question to answer really...... I suppose 'pervert' is subjective. What some might consider perverted, others consider a turn on." 

"Exactly. My wife considers all but straight 'man on top' sex a perversion." 

"Really! Well that's perverted in its own way", Kris stated then took a long drink of her beer. 

"My sentiments exactly", Brent answered then took a drink and added, "So what do you consider perverted ..... You know....... just to have another woman's perspective", he smiled. 

Kris seemed reflective, carefully phrasing her answer. "Well, it depends on my mood actually. Sometimes, when in the heat of the moment ......you know....when things are getting.....'involved' .......things seem less perverted" Kris answered with a shy smirk. 

"Ha ha...", Brent responded with a smile, "Well put....even if it was evasive." 

"Well a lady needs a few secrets", Kris grinned. 

"Hmmmm, I suppose. Hey are you finding it getting colder in here" 

"Yes actually, but I'm not surprised, when this rig idles it doesn't give lots of heat. I'll put on the electric heater back in the bunk - should help" 

"Ok. Boy you're set up with about everything. Question though - what about a washroom" 

"Nope - sorry. There is one over there though", she pointed at a building on the edge of the rest stop." 

"Ok, I better go out then. This beer is going right through me." 

"Ok, I'll try to warm this place up while you are gone". 

Brent slipped out of the cab and into the cold. He raced across the parking lot to the washroom. He was back to the truck in a few minutes. 

He climbed into the passenger seat, and closed the door. Kris was no longer in the driver's seat. He turned and saw her in the bunk, again reaching into the fridge. "Another beer" 

"Please". 

"I turned on the electric heater back here. C'mon back." 

Brent could definitely not refuse that offer. Kris was sitting up on the bed with her pink comforter tucked up to her chin. She was obviously cold as well. He climbed onto the bed and sat up beside her, there was no other option - thankfully. Brent took the beer Kris offered. 

"Thanks. And it is quite a bit warmer back here." He added removing his coat. 

"Want to watch a movie or something" Kris asked. 

"Ummm define 'Something'", Brent grinned. 

"Oh, you're bad! .... Oh that's right you ARE a pervert." She laughed, "Pick a movie!" she stated in pretend authority. 

"Ok, ok....geez.... Where do you keep them" 

"Under the TV in the cupboard" 

Brent opened the cupboard and reviewed the titles. He really didn't care what they watched; he just wanted to get back onto the bed with Kris. He grabbed one that sounded interesting and slipped it into the VCR. He turned back and climbed along the bed back to sit/lay beside Kris. 

"You warm enough now Kris asked. 

"Yeah it's warm enough in here, but I can't shake this chill." 

"Here, c'mon", Kris said as she lifted the blanket for him to climb under with her." 

"MMmmmm nice" Brent sighed as he snuggled under the blanket with Kris. He could feel the heat radiating from her body. He was so close to this gorgeous woman, but there had been no real contact between them yet. He was no fool though; no woman would let a man lay on a bed with her without there being a good chance that she would have sex with him. However, until they were being very intimate there was still the chance that she would call it off. He felt that he needed be forward, but not forceful. 

Brent was watching, but not paying any attention to the movie, he was getting hornier by the minute as he considered his situation. He couldn't resist any longer and subtly moved his arm under the blanket as he took a drink of his beer. His arm gently lay against Kris's, which she didn't move away. Taking this as a positive sign, Brent reached out his hand and laid it on hers. 

"This is very nice", he told her. 

"Mmmmm. It is." She replied, "You know what" 

"What" 

"I'm starting to get the 'things seeming less perverted' feeling", she said with a smile, turning her face toward him. 

Brent leaned toward Kris and met her lips with his. They held a passionate kiss, their tongues probing each other's mouths. Brent lightly sucked on Kris's tongue, she fully turned toward him wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him toward her. 

She gently broke her kiss and leaning toward his ear whispered, "How much of a hurry are you to get to the city If you want, we could stay here all night..... would that fulfill some of your 'passionate desires'" 

"Mmmmm, I'd love to, but I have quite a few desires....... Are you wanting to fulfill them", he responded. 

"If you are willing to fulfill mine.....", she whispered as she nibbled on his ear. 

"I'd love to." He whispered in response, "Name a desire, and I'll gladly fulfill it." 

"Hmmmm......probably a lot like yours." She continued to nibble his ear and lick his neck. "You say you miss passion You're tired of 'wham bam thank-you ma'am' The most passionate thing to me is foreplay. I like to build and build first...." 

"MMMmmmmmmm, I love that", Brent responded and then whispered in her ear, "I want to make you so hot you are begging to cum. I want to tease and tease you....nibble you, caress you, lick you, .... I want to excite you to the most extreme height of passion you can imagine..... I want to excite you mentally, visually, physically....in every way..." 

Brent's hands roamed over Kris's back pulling her to him, his hands gently massaged her shoulders under her long flowing hair, and down her back to the gentle swell of her hips. He leaned down kissing and lightly licking her neck and throat. 

"Mmmmm", she moaned and ran her fingers through Brent's hair, "That feels so good." 

Brent continued kissing, nibbling and licking down Kris's throat to the top of her chest. With one hand on her back he used his free hand to start on the buttons of her shirt. Loosening the first button, his lips touched her chest with soft gentle kisses. Releasing the next button he kissed the top of her breasts, which were still constricted by her lacy white bra. As he kissed Kris's chest and partially exposed breasts he felt her heart racing and her breath shortening.... beginning to show her excitement. He felt his own excitement too. His quickly rising member struggled to grow in his jeans. 

Kris slid down on the bed and Brent followed her - continuing to nibble on her chest and now exposed tummy. Brent nibbled and licked on her tummy as she started to writhe under him. Her shirt was now fully open and her breasts were covered only by her bra. Brent continued down her tummy with kisses. Upon reaching the waistline of her pants, he reached up and unfastened the button. 

Brent loves to undress women, it is one of the sexiest things in the world to him - the joy of exposing more and more soft private flesh with each movement always aroused him. With one hand holding her waistband, he pulled down her zipper very slowly. Following the opening of the zipper with kisses, he nuzzled the tender flesh of her abdomen and continued down to touch his tongue to her panty line. 

Kris was steadily growing in excitement. She almost savagely groped at Brent's pants, feverishly unfastening his belt, button and zipper. She wanted his cock - now. Brent felt the relief on his member as she loosened his pants. As soon as she had his zipper down he feels his cock, now released, growing to its full length. 

Kris reached up, taking Brent's pants and slides them down his thighs. He raises one knee, then the other, as Kris slid Brent's pants over his feet and off of him. She raised her hips as she removed Brent's pants as an invitation to him to remove her own. Hooking his thumbs in her waistband he pushed down. The pants slip over her tight sexy bottom and down her legs. As her flesh is exposed he again followed with his tongue and lips - kissing and nibbling her hips, her tender thighs, and down until he pushed the pants over her feet. 

Her socks are next. He slipped them off , then taking each toe in turn he slipped his lips over them, drew them into his mouth and gently sucked on them. Kris immediately went wild. 

"MMmmmmhmm...mmmmMMMMmmMMmm" she moaned as he sucked her toes and licked her feet. 

Leaning up, she pulled her arms out of her shirt as Brent licked and nibbled back up her ankles and calves. Brent reaches for his own shirt, raises himself up to his knees as he pulls it up and over his head. He threw it on the growing pile of clothes on the floor. Kris reached out for him, "Come here", she says with a smile taking Brent's arm. She pulled him to the bed beside her - both of them now naked except for their underwear. His fingers traced along her exposed thighs and he feels Kris's excited response as she unconsciously separated her legs as his fingers proceed up her inner thighs. 

"It's getting warm in here now", he grinned. 

"mmmhmmm, almost too warm. If you keep teasing me like that I won't be able to help myself - remember, we have all night...." 

They had each expressed their desire to prolong the excitement, and here they were after only fifteen minutes down to their underwear, both hearts racing and excitement growing rapidly in them both. 

"I know", he said , "I love to tease though", he said as he gave her a light kiss. 

"So it seems", she replied smiling broadly as he nibbled her neck. "Do you know what I'd like right now", Kris asked. 

"I can't imagine"...he smiled......"But whatever it is..... Yes." 

"Hehe... ya nut....Seriously, I'd love a backrub. Sensual ........but it'd let me cool down a bit sexually" 

"Sure.... I'd love to....roll over gorgeous." Brent answered sitting up. 

Kris immediately rolled onto her tummy. 'Mmmmm' Brent thought 'I knew she had on a thong. Gorgeous ass.....mmmMMmm'. 

Brent's hands found the small of Kris's back and he started to gently knead and rub. Slowly he worked his way up her back to her shoulders, then back down. This time as he passed the strap of her bra he deftly squeezed the clasp and it released. As the strap fell away from her back Brent focused a gently rubbing of Kris's skin where the bra strap had been. He continued to run his hands down her back to the top strap of her thong. Slipping over it he continued down to her tailbone. Kris was quietly moaning in appreciation to Brent's massage and the moans became subtly higher in pitch 
