 After a very long day of work, I just wasn't in the mood to go home just yet. Therefore, when I finally got a chance to get out, I left. I decided to go for a ride and before I knew it, I was right around my old stomping grounds. I thought to my self "I am near look out point, the place where as kids we used to hang out when we were on a date", and before I knew it I was pulling into a space looking out at the whole town. I was surprised that there was no one there but then again it was Thursday night and very late, so I turned off my car and watched the glow from the city, relaxing from the horrible day I had.

After a few minutes, I was feeling a bit better. I untied my tie, opened a few buttons of my shirt, and was finally started to relax. As I sat there, I noticed car lights coming up the hill in my mirror. I thought, "OH Shit here I am, a 31 year old man sitting at a teeny bopper hang out with the cops coming up the hill." I was relieved when I saw that it was a red convertible and not a police cruiser. I didn't pay any attention at it but couldn't help but look. It was a beautiful car. The kind that every man wishes he could some day own. I was even more surprised at the beautiful woman that was driving the car. She noticed me looking at her and the car when our eyes meet I nodded hello and quickly turn my head hoping she didn't notice me staring too much.

I was just about to leave when I heard her door open. I thought that maybe she has car trouble so I sat back and waited. Not wanting to look stupid, I put my arm up on the seat trying to look cool. She walked around her car and leaned up against her passenger door, and said "hello". I turned my head to see the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She must have been a model she had long blonde hair that shined in the moonlight and a body that would be to die for. She was wearing a tight, yellow sundress that showed her every curve. After stuttering a bit I finally was able to say hello.

"I noticed you looking at my car, do you like it?" she said. 

"It is great" I replied' "I love classic cars." "What kind is it? May I ask?" 

"Well it is a 69 Cadillac, but if you ask my husband it is a big boat.' she said with a giggle. 

"Nonsense" I said, "It is a great car just imagine the stories it could tell."

A devilish smirk came across her face. "Would you like to go for a ride?" she asked. 

"What about your husband? He won't mind?" I asked. 

"Not at all" she said, "He is working late tonight and I really don't want to be home alone." After a quick moment of thought not wanting to sound too excited I graciously accepted.

As we pulled out of the parking spot, I could not help but notice how short the dress of hers was, and what great legs she had. We were out in the middle of nowhere so street lights were far and few between, but that was ok with me since it was a clear night and her body seemed to glow in the moon light. "By the way my name is Joe," I said boyishly. 

"I am Tracy" she replied with a giggle."

Well Tracy, it is a pleasure to meet you" I said.

Once again, she left out a giggle and said, "Well, It might be." As she said that she looked at me with a devilish grin, and caught me starring at her legs." Do you like what you see Joe?" as soon as she said that she slide her dress up her legs to the point it almost was not covering what it should.

"Oh yes" I said as I felt the excitement build in my pants. I tried to hide the bulge but she knew exactly what I was trying to do.

As she steered with her left hand her right hand made it is way to my leg and soon after, up my thigh. She let her hand rub against the bulge in my pants knowing exactly what she was doing. With in a few moments she had my pants all the way undone and my manhood in her hand. "Oh Very nice" She said as her hand worked my tool. I leaned back and let her go. She worked her hand just as I like it, making me harder with each stroke she made. I put my arm around her and let my fingers run though her hair as it blew in the wind, as we drove down the country road we were on. I untied her dress from around the back of her neck; I heard a light moan as it fell down the front of her, exposing the most beautiful breasts I had ever seen.

Her nipples hardened with the cool breeze hit her naked breasts. After the job she was doing on my penis I couldn't resist. I slide closer to her across the bench seat. The smooth skin on her neck felt like silk as my lips touched it with each moist kiss. I could hear the slight moans she made as my kisses turned to light sucks on her neck traveling down. My hand caressed her firm breast; I could feel her nipples harden as my fingers rubbed them gently. My kisses moved from her neck to her breasts as her moans became louder as my lips reached her nipples. As my lips sucked each of her nipples, I place my hand between her thighs. My fingers slid up and down her inner thigh as the traveled up to the edge of her dress. When I finally moved my fingers to the place they wanted to be I realized that the panties I though she would be wearing were not there, as my fingers slid directly over her wet pussy. Her moans were getting louder, by now she was still driving down the country road but I had no idea we were passing each car we came upon.

My fingers, eager to explore, opened Tracy's pussy. I slid my finger into her as she let out a gasp of pleasure. I circled her nipple one last time with my tongue then let it trail up to her neck. Her hips started to move with my finger, as I sucked on the back of her neck. "Oh Joe" she moaned as she was tiring to keep the car on the road. "Oh I need to pull over Joe I want you so bad." She said. 

"Find us a spot baby." I replied. I don't think she looked very hard I think she just pulled over. Once we were on the side of the road Tracy wasted no time undoing the rest of my pants, letting my cock out in the cool night air. After a few moments of getting into position, Tracy was on her knees in the driver's seat lowering her mouth on my hard cock. I felt her wet lips wrap around it. I sat back and let her do her magic. It wasn't long before she had me as hard as I ever been.

She must have known I was ready because in one quick move she was up and straddling my lap kissing me passionately. Before I knew it, Tracy lowered her wet pussy down on my hard cock. I felt the warmth of her pussy lowering, my arms wrapped around her waist, as our tongues wrestled with each other. Her pussy slid up and down my cock easily as my hips rose to meet hers. My hand caressed her ass as I started nibbling on her nipples, which she conveniently put in my face. With each nibble, she started moaning louder.

I could feel myself readying to cum when all of a sudden a car was approaching us. Without saying a word, Tracy spun herself around so she could see the car come up the road. She leaned back against me still pushing her cunt down on my ever so hard cock. The car went by and we never skipped a thrust. I put my arms around her and squeezed her wonderful tits, one in each hand. As her moans turned to light screams I started rolling her nipple between my fingers. She started ridding my cock harder as her nipples hardened between my fingertips. Another car was coming toward us from a distance. I slide my hand down her stomach, my finger quickly found her little clit. I started rubbing her clit as she started screaming that she was about to cum. I rubbed her clit in little circles as I felt my cock fill with cum. I knew I couldn't hold back much more. I felt Tracy's cunt tighten around my cock, I knew this was it. My cock exploded as her pussy tightened and milked my juices out. She let out the loudest scream as she melted into my lap. 

We sat there a few moments, her on my lap with my arms wrapped around her. A few cars went by but we didn't pay them any mind. After a few moments Tracy said, "Joe' that was wonderful but I am afraid my husband should be on his way home by now I should get going."

" I think your right." I said. "My wife should be looking for me." The drive back to look out point was I quiet one. I don't think either one of us wanted it to end, but our spouses would be waiting for us. When we got to my car, we kissed and said good-bye hoping that someday our paths would meet again. I watched her leave, as her tail lights disappeared in the night. I took a few deep breaths and started on my way home.

The ride home was very peaceful. All the problems of the day were behind me and I felt like a new man. When I pulled into the driveway I was I bit surprised to see that my wife had just got home, it was late and she usually goes to bed early. "Hi Hun, are you just getting home?" I asked. "Yes," she replied, "I couldn't sleep so I went out for a drive. How was your day?"

I paused a bit and then said, "Very long, I think I am heading right to bed."

"That sounds good to me." She said with a yawn. After we had a drink and talked a bit we both were changed and headed to bed. As we laid there under the covers, my wife turned out the light, and turned to me and said "Good night dear, I love you." With that, she gave me a kiss and out her head down on her pillow. 

I leaned over and kissed her back as I said, "I love you Tracy, Sweet Dreams."