 Marie and her husband had been planning a weekend getaway and she'd been thinking about it all week. The weekend was going to be all about doing whatever, whenever, however they want.

Marie's husband picked her up right after work. The resort was a four hour drive away and it would be dark by the time they arrived, but they couldn't wait to start the weekend.

In fact, Marie was so excited to get going, she made a quick trip to the bathroom just before her husband was due to arrive. She removed her bra and panties and put on the matching sexy bra and panties set they bought earlier in the week. After looking in the mirror she decided to give her husband a treat. She removed her panties so her pussy would be easily available if they decided to have some fun on the drive. After getting dressed Marie looked in the mirror and saw that her nipples were obviously hard sticking through her thin white blouse. She put on her long jacket to hide her excitement from all her co-workers.

Marie wished everyone a good weekend as she walked into the elevator. The cool air teased her already excited shaved pussy under her skirt. Marie hoped that she could contain herself all the way to the resort.

They had been pretty relaxed in the Durango for most of the ride there. Marie was sucking on a blow pop, and she kept slowly pulling in and out of her mouth. It was driving Ed crazy, just watching her made his cock start to get hard in his pants. Marie had taken off her jacket and caught her husband Ed glancing at the outline of her breasts that were being held up by her sexy bra. It was just starting to get dark out.

Ed asked, "Are you wearing the new bra we bought?" 

Marie responded, "Of course." 

"Let me see," Ed said. 

"Here?" Marie asked as she looked around as if there was anyone to see. 

"Just give me a little peek. There's not a car around for miles," Ed begged. 

Marie turned towards him and unbuttoned the top two buttons to give him a peak. She pulled the blouse to down so Ed could see her nipples peeking over thru the sexy lace bra. Ed reached over and opened the next button so that he could expose both breasts. 

"Very nice. Do you like wearing it?" Ed asked. Marie nodded. She was glad it was getting dark out. The cool night breeze against her breasts was quite a turn on.

Ed reached over and pinched Marie's hard nipple between his fingers. Then he moved his hand over to give the other nipple a pinch. Marie started to moan with excitement.

Ed asked Marie, "And are you wearing the panties we bought?" 

"No," she replied. 

"Where are they?" Ed asked. Marie reached into her purse and pulled them out. "There is one thing better than wearing sexy panties, no panties at all!" Ed said.

Ed drove silently for a bit, and then said, "Show me." Marie laughed thinking he was joking. "Seriously. Show me." Ed said. Marie reached down and slowly raised her skirt up to her hips showing her smooth freshly shaved pussy. The only hair left was a strip of hair above Marie's clit. "That's very nice," Ed stated.

Ed tried to look at Marie's beautiful pussy and watch the road at the same time. That wasn't working so Ed reached over to touch Marie. He ran his middle finger lightly through Her folds. "You're already wet," Ed said. Marie moaned slightly, hoping Ed wouldn't stop, and he didn't. He lingered over her clit for a moment, rubbing gently in circles. Then he turned his hand over and slid his middle finger inside her. Each time he pushed his finger inside her, his thumb rubbed over Marie's clit. Soon, Marie's hips were moving against Ed's hand as she fondled her own breast and rubbed her nipples.

"Do you want more Marie?" Ed asked. 

"Yes, please...!" Marie moaned. Ed slid his ring finger in, then added another finger. Ed continued to finger her, rubbing her clit with his thumb. A few minutes later, with his fingers deep inside Marie, Ed felt Marie's muscles clench around his fingers as Marie's body stiffened. Marie moaned deeply as ecstasy shot through her body, squeezing his fingers while flooding the car seat.

Marie slowly recovered and she sat up and realized that they had pulled off into rest area. It was dark and no one was around where he parked . "Where are we?" she asked. 

"Do you think you're the only one that's getting off?" Ed stated. Ed already had his cock out of his pants, holding it in his hand. He was already hard and ready for some action. Marie reached over to start stroking Ed's cock. He pushed his seat back as far as it could go. Marie kneeled on the seat so she could take his cock in her mouth. She ran her tongue in circles around the head. Ed pulled Marie's skirt all the way up so he could see her beautiful ass in the air. She was grateful for the coverage of nightfall as anyone driving by would have had quite a view otherwise. Ed rolled the windows down so that they wouldn't get steamed up. When the cool evening air hit Marie's bare ass she felt more exposed than ever before.

Marie knew Ed was already excited so she wasted no time, She took as much of his cock into the warmth of her mouth as she could. Marie didn't want him to come yet though, so she went slowly. Using her lips and tongue, she kept a firm, wet suction on Ed's cock. At the same time she wrapped her thumb and finger around the base of his cock to prevent her from losing control.

A few moments later Ed said, "Wait, that's not where I want to get off." Marie looked up at him and swiveled her tongue around the tip of Ed's cock and up and down the shaft. 

Marie said, "Where do you want to shoot your load? On your favorite tits?" 

"No." Ed said. 

"Then where?" Marie said, with that innocent look. 

"I want to fill that nice hot little tight pussy of yours."

Marie climbed into Ed's lap backwards. The steering wheel gave her something to hold onto. She leaned over the wheel with her face practically in the glass and her ass only inches from his face. Ed stuck his tongue out to taste her juices, his tongue repeatedly reaching into her pussy lips and then sliding back to her puckered hole. Then he used his fingers to penetrate her pussy. Once Ed's fingers slid into Marie's hole, he gave her a few hard strokes.

Marie lowered herself until she hovered over Ed's cock. Ed held his member firmly, as she slowly lowered herself on the tip of his hard cock. She felt the head rub against her pussy. Then she lowered herself until the head of Ed's cock was sliding inside her. Then a little more and a little more.

Ed's hands were on Marie's hips. He said, "Oh god, I can't wait." And Ed pulled Marie down onto him. In seconds, the full length of Ed's shaft was deep inside her tight wet tunnel. Marie clenched around Ed's cock. "Oh my god, you're pussy is so tight." Ed said.

Ed's hands rose to Marie's breasts, teasing and pinching at her nipples. They began to move together, discovering a rhythm for the new position. They rocked slowly together as Ed focused on each thrust of his cock as it slid against Marie's delicate walls.

Ed continued to manipulate one of Marie's nipples and slid his other hand down to Marie's clit. He took his finger and placed it so that as Marie rocked her hips back and forth on his cock she could rub her clit against his finger.

Ed let Marie take control from here. The truck was rocking. Then Marie yelped out loud as she exploded in orgasmic bliss tightly squeezing Ed's cock. Ed's cock couldn't handle Marie's orgasmic vibrations any more. With a loud moan Ed shot his hot load into Marie's waiting tight pussy, and she completely drained it. Quivers ran through out Marie's entire body with every squirt.

When Marie's orgasm finally subsided, Ed's cock was still in her pussy and her body was still shaking, Ed kissed her neck and said, "Do you think we're going to have a good long weekend?" 

Marie said, "It's just started." 

Marie slid Ed's cock out of her, and she moved back to her seat. She buttoned her blouse and pulled her skirt back down. Marie said she needed to use the bathroom to clean up before they hit the road. As Marie put her jacket on, Ed put his cock away and they both got out of the car and made their way to the bathroom entrance. 

On the short walk to the door the cool breeze was going right up Marie's skirt, that's when she realized she didn't put her panties on. As she walked she could feel Ed's warm cum starting to leak out of her pussy. She bolted to the bathroom to clean herself up before anyone noticed. She went into the stall and closed the door, opened her purse to get some of the personal wipes she kept in there for emergencies. She cleaned up her love box and decided she wanted to have more fun. She pulled off her blouse, bra and skirt. She stood there in the stall naked. She folded her clothes and put them in her purse. Marie put her long jacket on and tied it closed in the front. She grabbed her purse and walked out of the bathroom, then grabbed Ed's hand and walked back to the truck. He had no idea she was naked under the coat.

They walked up to the Durango and Ed opened Marie's door for her. She walked to the open door, looked to see if anyone was around, but there wasn't. She turned around, leaned over and deeply kissed Ed. As Marie was kissing Ed she reached down and untied her jacket letting it fall open. Ed was surprised and aroused to see her. He stood there staring at her sexy naked body. Her beautiful body and perky tits was driving him crazy. Ed pushed the jacket off her shoulders and let it fall to the ground. He grabbed around her and fondled her ass cheeks to her enjoyment. Ed loved her ass, his cock was getting so hard in his pants it was starting to hurt and Marie could feel it against her body. Marie reached down and opened Ed's pants pulling his cock out. She started to massage with her hand as Ed was fondling her ass. It felt amazing, both of them were moaning with pleasure. That's when Ed looked around to make sure no one was watching. 

He pushed Marie down to her knees. She grabbed his cock and started jerking it off, rubbing it against her tits. Then she guided it in her mouth and started sucking it. As Marie was deep throating Ed's cock, he was thinking about what to do next. Ed grabbed her and tried to pull her up. Marie first resisted because she wanted Ed's creamy load deep in her throat, but he pulled her up anyway. He kissed her then spun her around. He pushed her down bending her over the car seat with her ass outside the truck. Ed took his cock and jammed in-between her waiting swollen folds. Marie's tight pussy swallowed his entire cock as Ed thrusted it in and out of her from behind. The faster he went the more moans of pleasure she made. After a few minutes Ed felt his orgasm starting to build, he pulled his cock out of Marie. Without saying a word Marie slid out of the car and immediately knelt down on her knees and took Ed's cock in her mouth. She started giving him an amazing blow job, taking it all in her mouth. Within a minute of Marie sucking his cock, Ed was about to shoot his load. He pulled his cock out of Marie's mouth, stroked his cock two times and he shot his load into her open mouth, her face and tits. Marie just smiled and started to wipe it off with her fingers. She sucked all of Ed's seed off her fingers, then took Ed's cock into her mouth to finish cleaning it off with her tongue. After Marie was done with him, Ed put his exhausted limp cock into his pants, he reached into the truck and got some paper towels to help Marie get cleaned up. She cleaned her self up for the second time tonight, jumped into the truck and said to Ed, "Let's hit the road, I need a break before we get to the resort."