 Abigail picked up her briefcase and smiled as she inserted the stack of files into the case. Her presentation had gone well, as usual. She was the quintessential professional and it showed. She knew her way around the boardroom, and once again she had triumphed in that male-dominated arena. She prided herself on taking on the big boys and walking away a winner. 

She walked out of the building and out toward the street. The rain was coming down in torrents. Always prepared, Abigail had hoisted her umbrella as she had left the building. She walked with her usual self-assured stride to the curb and endeavored to hail a taxi. She stole a quick glance at her watch and wondered to herself how she managed to fit so much into her 12-hour days. She glanced back at the street and saw the taxis flying by; passengers safely tucked in away from the rain. Never one to be a victim of circumstances, Abigail decided to take the subway back to her office across town.

She walked down the stairs and into the bowels of the city. Some women were afraid of traveling by subway alone. But Abigail had no such fear. She thought it nonsense to give up a quick means of travel simply because a few weak women had gotten themselves accosted. She walked confidently toward the platform, knowing the man who tried anything with her would get nowhere. She was tough as nails. She hadn't become the youngest female CEO by being afraid. She could stare down any man and send him away. Even the nice ones who only wanted to buy her a drink and get to know her better. They were the worst. They wanted more than her purse. They wanted her valuable time. But Abigail would have none of that. She was alone and that suited her.

She stood on the platform, looking down the tracks, impatiently waiting for the next one to appear. She noticed out of the corner of her eye a man step onto the platform. She immediately noticed his tailored suit. She gave him a quick assessment and noted the leather case and shoes. A bit fancy for a subway ride. But then she thought of her own handcrafted leather briefcase and $200 shoes. Probably another executive too impatient to wait for a taxi. The train rumbled closer and she looked forward, ready to step into the first car. As the door opened, she noticed the car was nearly empty.

Only a lone young man sat in the car, engrossed in the newspaper in his hand. Rule number 1 of city survival: never board a train without reading material. Otherwise, someone might try to engage you in conversation. She stepped inside and took a seat well away from the young man. She heard footsteps behind her. The gentleman on the platform was getting on as well. Abigail wanted to look up and take a better inventory of the well-dressed man, but fought the urge. Rule number 2 of city survival: never look a stranger in the eyes. She opened her briefcase and busied herself with her calendar. 

Abigail's mind kept drifting from the calendar in her hands to the stranger who had taken a seat across from her. She wanted desperately to take a longer look. But she couldn't risk eye to eye contact. That would mean exchanging pleasantries and trying to seem nonchalant. She read the entry for the next day for the third time. But her eyes won the battle. She felt her hands lowering the calendar and her eyes raising to look across from her. Her eyes met two very brown, piercing eyes. She felt her mouth open slightly as she breathed in a deep breath. He was staring at her. His beautiful eyes were fixed on her, unblinking and unashamed. Abigail tried to lower her gaze, but found herself affixed to his stare. He was a ruggedly handsome man, with chiseled features. He had a slight smile that gleamed with mischief. 

The stranger held her gaze for a few more moments, and then he waved his hand to the side. She watched the movement and then felt a sudden urge to remove her jacket. She pulled off the jacket and revealed the fitted silk shirt underneath. Abigail was not a profoundly beautiful woman, and at 39 she was showing signs of aging. But she had nice full breasts that pressed against her blouse appealingly. She always wore a suit to hide her woman's body. She did not possess a perfect figure. Too many rich meals and no time for the gym showed in her rounded tummy. Another reason to wear the jackets. But she didn't feel a bit awkward removing the jacket. It made her feel free. She reached down and unbuttoned the first two buttons on the silk blouse. She felt her nipples harden and strain against her bra. 

The stranger smiled a leering grin. He raised his hand this time. She watched again, then felt another urge. She suddenly slid her shoe off and put her foot on the seat. She smiled, thinking that she must be exposing her thighs. She felt the skirt rise over her knees. She didn't look, though. She was still caught in the stranger's stare. She began to rub her hands up and down her leg, closer and closer to the paradise that lay between her legs. She felt the moisture forming and wanted to press her fingers into the warm and wet opening. She looked into his eyes and felt the need to touch herself. Abigail pushed her fingers gently into her wet vagina and signed softly. She moved her fingers in and out rhythmically, and began to moan. She never lost the stranger's gaze, though. She looked straight at him the entire time. 

The stranger touched his own shirt and Abigail decided to remove her blouse, revealing her bra. She touched her nipples with one hand and returned the other between her legs. She saw approval in his eyes and wanted to go further. She was like a marionette. He was guiding her movements, deciding her fate. Oddly, Abigail was delighted with the idea. The stranger held her in a trance. She was ready to perform any unspoken command. Just then, the stranger motioned toward the other end of the car. Abigail had forgotten all about the young man at the end of the car. But she didn't feel ashamed. She felt a strong desire and acted on it. She walked over to the young man, who was now watching the proceedings with great interest. She kneeled at his feet. Without a word, she unzipped his fly. She reached into his pants and withdrew his cock.

She looked up into his eyes and winked. She had never given head before. There was a first time for everything and now was the time. She plunged her open mouth onto his hardening cock. He let out an audible moan as her mouth slide up and down on his stiff member. She rolled her tongue around the hard cock as she impaled her eager mouth. She sucked and licked his cock like a professional. She pressed her head against his lap, taking the cock so deep into her mouth she could feel the tip on the back of her throat. She bobbed her head up and down, going faster each time she heard him moan. She felt the cock throb and knew he was ready to explode his load into her mouth.

She kept up the quick pace, wanting to taste his sperm and feel it shoot into the back of her throat. She sucked furiously for it. It was her only desire right now. His cum was the most important thing in the world at this moment. She wrapped her arms around his waist, pulling him as close to her as she could. She listened as he became more and more excited. He pressed his hips up to her, forcing his cock into her mouth. He began to grunt and moan louder and louder. She could feel the throbbing intensify. Suddenly, a thick warm load of cum shot out of his hard cock, into her mouth and down her throat. She sucked on the cock as it unloaded all the cum in spurts. She felt the throbbing subside, and began to lick the cock, trying to get all the cum she could. She raised her head only after she was sure she had it all. She felt a bit of the warm sperm running down her chin. She stuck out her tongue and licked as far down as she could reach. Not getting it all, she wiped her chin with her hand and then licked her hand clean.

The stranger was looking very satisfied when Abigail turned around toward him. She wondered what was next. She stared into his eyes and he dropped his gaze to his case. She stepped over and opened the case, revealing a selection of toys for good girls. She reached into the case and withdrew and large dildo. It was beautifully shaped like a cock, with veins and a circumcised head. She smiled as she walked over to her seat. She sat down and put both feet up on the seat. She spread her legs and inserted the dildo deep inside her vagina. She thrust the large penis in and out, feeling the pleasure grow and an orgasm well up inside of her. She was pushing faster and faster when the she noticed the young man had left his seat and was standing over her. He took the dildo from her and began fucking her with it. 

She reached around and unsnapped her bra, freeing her breasts at last. She began to touch her nipples, tweaking and tugging at them as the young man fucked her with the dildo. She heard moans and soft cries and wondered if she was making the noise. She had never been one to make noise during sex. But she had never felt this good before. She felt the orgasm building and she begged for more. He was now fucking her harder and harder. She was twisting and pinching her nipples. He bent his head toward her eager pussy and licked her wet mound while he continued to fuck her. She moaned and sighed and wanted more. She could feel the orgasm taking over her body. He began to suck her clit and she could hear her own cries of pleasure. 

The young man suddenly dropped the dildo and pulled her toward him. He pushed his cock, no hard from watching her writhe in ecstasy, deep into her wet pussy. He fucked her hard while she gasped and moaned. She could feel her orgasm swelling to crescendo. Harder and harder, he pushed his cock deeper into her. Together, they let out long, loud moan as they felt their orgasm reach the fever pitch and take over. She felt the waves of shudders as her body surrendered to the ultimate passion. He felt her pussy tighten and milk his cock. They leaned against each other, waiting for the strength to return to them.

The stranger looked at them with a pleased expression on his face. He closed his case and readied himself for the upcoming stop. He exited the train without being noticed, as his two puppets dressed themselves to depart the train. Abigail looked around for him. She ran out onto the platform and looked out across the station. He was nowhere to be found. She tidied herself a bit and walked up the stairs toward the street. She did not know who he was, where he had come from or where he had went. But one thing she did know - she would never be the same woman again.