 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

*****

We had just over an hour drive ahead of us but it wasn't the first time Kendra and I had made this trek, either for a field visit or a project meeting. She was pretty quiet in the office, but once you engaged her in conversation, she had no problem holding up her end of it. We'd had some pretty good conversations on our previous road trips but, after what happened on this particular trip, I suspected that there was a lot more going on inside her head than she had been letting out. We were about fifteen minutes outside of the city and were on the verge of escaping the outlying industrial area and heading into the open expanses to the northeast when she spoke up.

"Can I ask you a weird question?" she asked.

"Sure, go ahead," I replied, assuming it was going to be something work related.

"Have you ever...while you were driving..." she started, haltingly, "...had somebody...a woman...uh...perform oral sex on you?"

I whipped my head over in her direction because this was far from the question I was expecting. She was blushing furiously but she held my gaze with her blue eyes until I turned back to the road.

"Uh, yeah," I finally replied, "a few times, sure."

"Is it something that some guys like and some guys don't," she continued, "or do most guys like it."

"Well, most guys I've been friends with have liked it," I replied, "but I guess for somebody who's not that confident behind the wheel it could be a little stressful."

"So you're confident behind the wheel?" she asked.

"Confident enough that I can enjoy something like that," I replied, still not sure if this was just Q&A or something more.

"Would you mind if I did it while you're driving?" she asked, surprising the hell out of me.

"Of course not," I replied, "Is this just something you like to do when you're a passenger?"

"It's something I'd like to try," she said, "but I must ride with some pretty jumpy guys because no one has taken me up on my offer, at least not while they were still driving."

"Well don't let me stand in the way of your personal goals," I replied, "but you have to promise that you'll let me return the favor, although not while we're driving."

"You've got a deal," she said and unbuckled her seat belt.

Kendra is a cute, petite redhead with a very nice figure. She's fair-skinned and lightly freckled with a sweet ass and nice boobs that are proportionate to her small frame. I'd definitely thought about how she'd look naked and what it would be like to be naked with her, but I'd never thought about her blowing me while I was driving. My cock was becoming rigid as she prepared to do it, though. The cruise control was on so I had her hold the wheel for a moment while I opened my jeans and worked them and my underwear down, my growing cock springing out. Once I took over the wheel again, she leaned over, took my cock in her hand and pumped it, then engulfed it in her hot mouth.

"Oh my God," I moaned, "that is fantastic!"

I wasn't just stroking her ego; feeling my cock within her hot mouth was outstanding and I was pretty sure that she wasn't going to have a very extended opportunity to experience this. She initially held the base and slid her lips up and down my shaft, making it swell even more until it was fully rigid. I forced myself to remain focused on the road even though I wanted nothing more than to watch her sucking my cock. I brought one hand down off the wheel and stroked her fine red hair then reached under her to cup her breast, still encased in her bra. In addition to wanting to return the favor by eating her pussy, I wanted to get her as naked as I could, to check out how freckled she was and to confirm that the carpet matched the drapes, as well as to check out her tits and get my hands on them.

As her head bobbed up and down and the occasional slurping sound escaped around my cock, it occurred to me that she could be getting very wet as a result of this and that I could probably provide her some relief even while we continued driving. As I considered slipping my hand into her panties while I savored the feel of her mouth sliding up and down my tool, I could feel an orgasm slowly building. She really was a good cocksucker and it was too bad for those guys who had turned down her previous offers to suck them off as they were driving. Obviously this was not her first time, though, so there were probably at least a few guys with happy memories of her mouth traveling up and down their cocks. I knew that, regardless of where things went from this point, this would definitely be memorable for me.

The landscape continued to open up and the traffic dropped off as we headed further northeast. We weren't the only ones on the road by any means, though, so I still had to remain focused on driving while relishing the pleasurable feeling of her mouth moving up and down my tool as she pumped the base. I would love to have enjoyed her oral skills for the remainder of the drive but she was just too good and it wasn't long before my cock was swelling even more in advance of my orgasm. Even with the cruise control on, I couldn't really push my cock deeper into her mouth, which was probably good. She controlled the pace and drew out the pleasure for longer than I had expected to be able to last. When I finally started spewing into her mouth, I let out a moan as she swallowed my load. She continued to suck me off until I was completely spent then let my softening cock fall from her mouth and straightened up.

"Thank you," she said with a smile, then stretched out, pushing her chest forward.

"Thank you," I replied, caressing her tits, "that was phenomenal. We're going to have to plan more road trips."

"Well we don't necessarily have to be in the car if you want me to suck your cock again," she said, "but if we are in the car, I certainly hope you'll now expect me to."

"You can suck my cock any time," I told her, "and if you help me get my pants back up, I'll take the edge off for you until I have a chance to return the favor."

She got back into her seatbelt and held the wheel for me as I got my underwear and jeans back in place.

"Why don't you open your jeans and slide them down just a little," I suggested once my hands were on the wheel again. She never argued; she unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans while I tried to keep my eyes on the road. Once she'd slid them down just a bit, I reached over and ran my fingers over the front of her panties, causing her to moan and writhe just a little. I could feel the coarse texture of her bush and the moist heat that seemed to be emanating from her pussy. I didn't want to tease her so I slipped my hand into her panties, running my fingers through her trim bush and finding her slit overflowing with her juices. She moaned even more as I slipped my finger into her and briefly pumped it in and out before focusing more on lightly caressing her clit.

As much as I wanted to look over and take a peek at her bush and see what kind of panties she was wearing, I knew it would require me to take my attention off of the road for too long so I refrained. I figured that, after our meeting, there was a good chance that we could find someplace to park and familiarize ourselves with each other's bodies in the back of the Equinox I was driving. I just tried to delicately stimulate her clit and build up to a satisfying orgasm while staying attuned to her breathing and any sounds she made to be sure I was achieving that goal. She started moving her hips a little bit and I did glance over to see that her eyes were closed while her mouth was hanging open. She appeared to be smiling slightly though the expression was also indicative of the pleasure she appeared to be experiencing.

The longer we were driving along and I was stroking her clit, the more random twitches she seemed to be experiencing. She also seemed to be tensing up a bit and I presumed that she was pretty close to cumming when she started to arch her back and grip the armrest between us. I continued what I was doing since it was obviously doing the trick but, based on how much wetter her pussy was becoming, I couldn't wait to get my face down between her thighs. When the tension suddenly left her body, she let out a long moan and her body started shaking. Her orgasm appeared to be as long and intense as I'd hoped it would be since she'd provided so much pleasure to me. Even as she seemed to be coming down, her body would still twitch almost violently. It was only once she'd gone still that I slipped my hand from her panties and licked her nectar off of my finger.

"That was great," she finally said, breathlessly, "I've never done that before either."

"Well, as I said," I told her, "that is just to take the edge off. I still fully intend to take care of you with my tongue."

"And I fully intend to let you," she replied. She sat there recovering for a bit longer before finally pulling her jeans back up and fastening them. We were close to our destination by then and conversation turned away from sex though I know for sure that it was still on my mind. We were fortunate that the meeting we were attending was quite interactive so we didn't really have time to let our minds wander to what was probably going to happen once it was over. We had a favorite local restaurant where we liked to stop whenever we had to drive all the way up there so it went unspoken that we'd head over there after the meeting for lunch. As I was gathering my things after the meeting, I was thinking about the parking lot and where we'd have the most privacy and that, if that wasn't going to work, where else to try. We drove over to the restaurant without discussion but I headed away from the other cars toward a shaded spot in the back of the lot.

"Hope you don't mind if I eat dessert first," I said once I'd parked and shut the car off.

"Well we wouldn't want you to be too full to eat it after lunch," Kendra replied. She crawled between the seats into the back seat and I followed her. She was already unbuttoning her jeans but she let me slide them down, lifting her ass off the seat to assist me. I helped her out of her shoes then out of her jeans then she threw her arms around my neck and kissed me passionately before I continued. I returned the kiss, our tongues exploring each other's mouths momentarily, then we parted, both anxious for what was going to happen next. I kissed my way along her smooth inner thighs toward a pair of teal panties then gently caressed the front of them, again feeling the moist heat and the softness of her pussy. Finally, I took one side of the waistband in each hand and started to slide them down.

Her trim bush was as orange as the hair on her head and my cock throbbed as I admired it. I slid her panties down her legs and, once they were off, she spread her legs for me. I lowered my head toward her pussy and, thinking about how juicy it had been earlier, immediately started lapping up the nectar that was abundantly flowing. Kendra grabbed my head and let out a moan as I slurped at her pussy. My goal was not only to provide her with as much pleasure as I could, culminating in another intense orgasm, but also to relish the opportunity to be between her pale, freckled thighs devouring her hot pussy. I could have slurped up her flowing juices for the rest of the afternoon, but I ended up running my tongue up and over her clit and she reacted like she'd been hit by an electric charge. I decided to stay focused on licking and sucking her clit, then slipped a finger into her. As I slid it in and out, I was reminded of both how snug and how slippery her pussy was and knew that I had to fuck her.

I didn't try harder to make her cum sooner but, because she was clearly very worked up, it was obvious pretty quickly that it wasn't going to take long before she did cum. I wanted to provide her with as much pleasure as I possibly could but I definitely didn't want to drag it out just for the sake of making it last longer. A slow build to an intense orgasm would be good but torturing her by denying her a building orgasm would not. I tried to just stay in rhythm with her and that seemed to work the best. She was rocking her hips toward my face while experiencing the same random twitches she had earlier during the drive. I could feel her pussy becoming even wetter and more engorged the longer I was eating it and she was beginning to tense up a bit.

The tension all left her body suddenly as she let out a low moan and her body started shaking. I continued licking and sucking her clit while fingering her pussy as she was cumming, hoping to provide just that much more pleasure for just that much longer. Her orgasm was long and intense, which pleased me that I was able to provide that for her. When she finally went still and let out a sigh, I raised my head and slipped my finger from her pussy into my mouth.

"Do you mind if I ride your cock now," she asked, "or are you starving?"

"Actually, I just ate, so I'm good for a bit," I replied, making her smile. She sat up and immediately reached for my jeans, working them open so that I could push them and my underwear down. When my cock sprung out, she reached for it and stroked it before straddling me and guiding it toward her fiery bush. I held her waist to steady her as she lowered herself onto my cock, causing both of us to moan. Her pussy felt incredible as it engulfed my cock and she sat there for a moment. I took the opportunity to slip my hands up under her blouse and caress her tits through her bra, feeling her hard nipples through the thin material. As she started to slowly move up and down on my cock, I reached behind her and unfastened her bra, then slipped my hands up under the cups to feel the soft, smooth flesh of her tits.

She was holding the back of the seat behind me as she moved slowly up and down on my tool and, once she had a good rhythm going, she brought her lips to mine and we kissed. Our tongues were soon in each other's mouths as we made out passionately while she rode my cock harder and faster and I continued to fondle her tits. Despite having cum a few hours earlier, she had me so worked up and her snug, slippery pussy felt so good that I knew it wouldn't be long before we were inside eating lunch. I'd wanted to get a look at her tits and maybe suck her hard nipples but I suspected that this wasn't going to end up being the time for that indulgence. I also suspected, however, that I'd end up with another opportunity.

She reached a point where she was riding me hard enough that it made continuing to make out difficult. She pressed her face against my neck to stifle her moans despite the windows being closed as I felt her pussy becoming even hotter and more slippery than it had already been. My orgasm was drawing closer as a result but I was still pretty confident that she'd be cumming before I did. There wasn't much room between us at that point to continue fondling her tits, so I slipped my hands out of her blouse and instead gripped her sweet ass. I hadn't gotten my hands on it yet and it was as perfect as it had looked on all of the occasions I'd found myself staring at it, wishing I could give it a squeeze. I wondered if it was freckled, too, and knew that, even if I didn't find out that day, I would eventually find out.

I continued holding her ass as she dropped down onto my cock and remained there as her body trembled and she moaned into my neck. She humped my cock a few more times as she was cumming then remained there as she experienced a few aftershocks. When she finally raised her head again, she kissed me then started to climb off my cock.

"Just so you know," she said as she knelt beside me and started to pump my slippery, throbbing cock, "I'm still planning to suck your cock while you're driving us back but I'm going to suck it now, too."

She lowered her head and engulfed my tool in her hot mouth as her fine red hair caressed my thighs. This time, unlike when I'd been driving, I would be able to watch as she slid her lips up and down my shaft, so my attention was fully upon her. Seeing my cock disappearing into her mouth and feeling the pleasure her mouth was providing combined to have my orgasm building up again almost immediately. She was pumping the base of my cock as she slowly moved her mouth up and down the length of my shaft, skillfully drawing out the pleasure that I was feeling. In spite of her talent for drawing out the pleasure, though, I was on the verge of cumming pretty quickly. I'd been pretty close when she'd been riding me and the change of position had only briefly delayed my building orgasm. She remained focused and attentive, however, even as my cock swelled further. I savored the feel of her mouth and the visual of her head bobbing up and down for as long as I could but ultimately couldn't help but explode with a grunt into her hot mouth. She continued sucking me off until I was fully spent then let my cock fall from her mouth and sat up.

"Ready to eat?" she asked, wiping the corner of her mouth.

"Sure," I replied, still catching my breath, "I could eat."

She refastened her bra then slipped back into her panties as I worked my jeans and underwear back up again. She slipped into her own jeans and shoes then we were ready to head into the restaurant. We hopped out of the vehicle, gave each other the once-over one more time, then went on in. We talked a little bit about what had just happened while we were eating, as well as about the meeting and about what was going to happen on the drive home. We were in no rush and enjoyed our meal leisurely before heading back out to the car and getting on the road. We waited until we were well out of town and the cruise control was set on the interstate before she took the wheel momentarily as I slipped my jeans and underwear down. I was semi-rigid partly from anticipation and partly because she'd been massaging my cock through my jeans from the time we'd left the restaurant parking lot.

Once I'd taken control of the wheel again, she unfastened her seatbelt and got on her knees so she could lean over the center console. She took my growing cock in her hand and pumped it a few times before lowering her head and engulfing it in her hot mouth once again. I moaned as I thought that this was a feeling that there was no way I could ever grow tired of. While my visual attention was on the open road ahead of us and the few vehicles we encountered, the rest of my focus was on the feeling of her hot mouth slowly sliding up and down my tool and the occasional slurping sound from her efforts. She clearly was not trying to make me cum quickly, which I appreciated because we had a long ride ahead of us and, since I'd cum a couple of times already, I figured I could enjoy her skillful blowjob for a good long while. Since she'd enjoyed blowing me earlier as I was driving, and had appeared to enjoy blowing me after we'd fucked, I thought she'd appreciate having a nice long opportunity, too.

As her mouth moved up and down my tool and she pumped the base, occasionally caressing my balls as well, I was sometimes running my fingers through her hair and sometimes cupping her breast through her bra, which had the effect of somehow making me feel even more pleasure. I'd started the day as a secret admirer of her body who'd fantasized about how it would look naked and now knew that I'd very likely have the opportunity to not only see her fully naked but eat her pussy again, fondle her tits, lick and suck her nipples and slip my cock back into her hot pussy. It wouldn't be before we got back to the office but I certainly hadn't expected to cum in her mouth when we'd pulled out of the parking garage that morning and now it was pretty certain that I'd be doing it a third time before we pulled back in.
