 Natalie had finally gotten her wish. She had always wanted to see the world from the cab of a truck and was finally lucky enough to convince Derek to let her go with him. What he didn't know was she had plans for him as well.

She had spent along time planning this trip, right down to what she would even wear. When she got up that morning she had picked out one of her favorite racer back tank tops. The yellow color suited her red hair well, it showed off some of her back, and it had a built in bra so she wouldn't be getting too hot in the truck. 

She had decided on wearing a yellow flower printed short summery skirt so that she could tease him with her legs on the long drive. What he would get to find out later, was that she only wore a sheer white g-string underneath.

As soon as they had gotten in the truck Derek had discreetly adjusted the air conditioning vent to hit his crotch. Just watching Natalie climb into his truck had driven him nuts and they still had over 400 miles together. He knew it was going to be a hard day but she had begged to ride with him and he knew he couldn't refuse her.

Once they got out on the open road Natalie kicked off her sandals and slid her feet up under her bottom to get a better view out the window. She caught a glimpse of Derek looking at her legs as she did this and smiled out the window. 

Their discussion wandered all over the proverbial map from the country they were driving through, to the country music they were listening to. Derek knew that if he could keep her talking he could keep his mind out of his pants. He got them talking about dancing, rodeos and their respective jobs. 

Slowly but surely Natalie was able to draw the talk to discussion of the lonely road and what Derek was privileged to see from his view point. She finally had the opening she needed to tell him about her fantasies of being seen by a truck driver. She knew she got to him when she heard him breathe in deeply. 

She continued on explaining that she always thought it would be hot to then tease that truck driver while in his truck. Derek couldn't help but spit out the drink he had sipped when she asked if he would mind if she played it out with him. 

Derek just stared open mouthed at Natalie after her comment. It wasn't until he heard some honking that he turned his attention back to the road and his drifting truck. After trying to catch his breath he asked her if she was sure about this. As an answer she crawled up on all fours on the passenger seat and looked over her shoulder at him with a grin.

Natalie scooted back towards Derek until she could stand between their seats. It wasn't until she begged him to touch her that she heard Derek curse softly under his breath. She had just started to worry that she had gone to far when she finally felt the soft touch of his fingers on her calf. 

Derek didn't know whether to thank god or curse a blue streak for the lovely sight presented to him. He wondered how he would keep from cuming too soon since he had been hard most of the trip already. He only hoped he could get her as hot as he was.

Slowly Derek slid his fingers up the inside of her leg until his hand brushed her skirt. He heard her giggle as he kept jerking his head back and forth from her lovely ass and the road. As a brief reprimand he smacked her ass before going back to her legs.

Natalie whimpered as she felt the moisture pool against her lips from the soft smack. Suddenly she heard Derek curse as he slid her skirt up and over her hips and she knew it was because of his discovery. She pictured in her mind the view Derek now had of her legs and ass. She knew he would love the view of her white G-string running along the crack of her ass and slowly disappearing between her wet swollen lips.

Derek had to reach down and adjust himself in his jeans before he could even move again. When he glanced back over at the sight she presented him he saw her ginning and looking at his crotch. He suddenly realized that the little minx had planned this all along and decided he would let her have all she wanted.

With one hand on the steering wheel he used his other hand to reach down and unzip his pants. With a sigh he slowly pulled out his now very hard cock for her to see. He heard her whimper at the sight and knew he was going to make her hot with wanting him.

She felt Derek slide his fingers along the path of the G-string slowly teasing the folds of her hot sex. She jumped when she felt him blow his warm breath against her skin. She started to wiggle her ass back and forth for him but stopped when she felt him hook a finger in the g-string and pull it to the side.

Suddenly Derek inserted a finger in-between her hot lips and gently started to tease her with his finger. All the while he kept looking back and forth to the highway. He looked over and saw Natalie's head lying on the seat with her eyes close and a look of pure pleasure on her face. He slowly slid a second finger insider of her as he looked back to the highway. He grinned as he saw a rest stop up ahead.

Natalie pushed back into Derek's fingers having no clue that she was slowly losing the control of this fantasy. She moaned as he used his thumb to tease her clit while two fingers stretched her pussy lips open for his view. She jerks her head up as she feels the truck slowing down but Derek continues to please her with his hand.

When the truck gets stopped Derek turns his head and tells her he has got to taste her. With out anymore warning he buries his face against her hot wet sex. He buries his tongue deep in using his hands to hold her ass cheeks. He moves slowly one second teasing her with his slow strokes and then quickly the next thrusting his tongue deep in her.

Natalie whimpers and moans as she feels the heat in her body rise to a fevered temperature. She can't help but push her body back against Derek's willing tongue. Very quickly her body begins to shake as she feels her self pushed close to the edge. As Derek whispers against her hot mound, "Cum for me!" Natalie feels her body shatter and her knees weaken. 

Derek continues to lick and taste her as she orgasms in his arms. His grin deepens as she begs him to stand up and give her what she really wants. He teasingly asks her what that might be and laughs when she begs, "FUCK ME PLEASE!!!"

Natalie hears Derek slide down his jeans and rises up on her elbows to look back at his hard cock pointing out in front of him. She imagines how silky and hard he will feel and gasps as he slowly slides the head up and down her very wet lips. With a groan as her only warning she feels Derek grab her hips as he pushes the full length of his cock deep inside of her. 

Once Derek feels his balls hit against Natalie's body he stops all movement. He gasps air as he feels her hot silky walls grasping at his hard cock. He whispers "Heaven!" as he slowly starts to slide in and out of her hot sheath. 

Natalie starts to buck her hips trying to make it faster but to no avail. Derek has control of her hips and keeps her from letting him cum too soon. She whispers that she wants him to cum deep inside her. She begs him to fuck her hard and fast.

Derek bites out a curse as he hears her whisperings and knows it won't be long. He starts to move her hips faster and faster trying to go as deep in her as he can. He hears her starting to get close and knows he will get them to cum together. Just as she starts to cry out Derek feels the pressure build in his balls and moans. Finally, together they both cum hard and fast with him filling her hot body and her juices dripping down her legs.

Derek lies over the top of her body giving her kisses along her neck and up to her ear. She only smiles as he whispers.....you can cum on drives with me anytime!!