 continued... 

Day 2...

"Wha' the fuck?..." I yelled when I felt my body shaking. 

Earthquake? What the hell...

"Wake up sleepy-head," Marni's voice implored, "Room service has delivered a pot of coffee and some warm muffins, babe," her hand on my shoulder.

"What...what time is it?" Asking the question as I struggled to sit upright, fighting the fog I was in.

"Five...in the morning. That five." Marni snickered, the aroma of the cup of coffee she had poured for me snapping me out of the stupor in which I was wallowing.

"Are you crazy?"

Hey, I thought it to be a valid question.

"Sweetie, we've got a good ten hours ahead of us if we want to reach Denver by mid-afternoon, 'K? Sooner we're rolling, sooner we're there," Marni said in reply.

"Bitch!"

But, she was right, I knew that.

Five forty-five in the A.M. and we were out the door, our rolling bags following behind us. Bags stowed in the trunk when the valet brought the car around, Marni quickly got into the driver's seat, nodding for me to sit shotgun.

"My turn to drive...if you want to lay back and grab some shuteye, I'm good, go ahead." Marni suggested.

"Maybe later, but...if you see a Starbuck's drive-thru off the highway..." Didn't need to finish the statement. Marni was as much of a coffee freak as I was.

The first few hours were virtually conversation-free save for a random remark or two about the beautiful scenic drive. Marni had locked in the satellite radio onto the Margaritaville channel and the tunes provided a nice soundtrack to the drive.

Yep. Both of us. Avowed Parrot-Heads.

Not a word had been mentioned about what had happened last night. Doesn't mean I wasn't thinking about it. 

I was. 

I was thinking a lot about it. I was thinking, mostly, about how much I enjoyed Marni's 'gift' to me, of her getting me off in a most delightful manner.

I wanted to say something, but couldn't find the words. First time another woman had touched me sexually and I was also dealing with that. How did I feel about that?

Pretty damn good, actually.

Should I say something? Probably. But, I stayed silent about it as did she, neither saying anything at all for the next twenty mintues or so.

"About last night..." Both of us saying it at the exact same time, I shit you not. Well, at least I wasn't the only one that had it on her mind I thought in the moment.

"Me first," Marni decried, her voice leaving no room for argument about it. Sitting back in my seat, I shut my mouth and looked to her, waiting.

"If I crossed a line...if you feel like you were forced into that situation, that I forced you..." She started to say, but I interrupted her.

"No, don't think that," I said quickly, wanting to clear that thought from her mind, "Nothing happened that I wasn't okay with...you didn't force me to do anything, 'K?"

She shot me a quick glance from the corners of her eyes, then returned to looking at the road.

"Okay...that being said," She continued, "I've been where you are after a bad break-up. Been there, done that and I knew that you needed the release."

"So, it was a pity hand-job?" I joked in an attempt to lighten the moment, "Is that what that was, Bitch?"

"No, Bitch! This is a pity hand-job," She laughed, grabbing my crotch over my shorts and roughly squeezing it. 

We both laughed until tears were flowing. Nervousness? Probably, but as the laughter died, she left her hand on my crotch a 'wee' bit longer, her stroking gentle, not rough. With a smile to me, she moved her hand from my crotch to join her other one on the steering wheel.

"Thanks...for last night, I mean."

Was the only thing I could think to say. Lame, I know.

"Think I'm going to lay back and grab a bit of shuteye," I said while reclining my seat-back.

Only thing I could think to do. But, truth be known, what I wanted to do was to return the favor. I wanted to touch her, to feel her. Strange emotions coming from me because before last night, before I kicked my asshole fiance out, I was all about the man-meat, all about the one-eyed snake.

Now? I wasn't sure about much of anything right then except the fact that I wanted to touch her in the worse way, but...

"Damn, Marni Bad-Ass, you're going to have us into Denver about two hours early," I said to her as we crossed from Wyoming into Colorado, "and should you need a back-rub to ease the kinks from the driving, don't hesitate to ask," I offered.

Wow. Did I really just say that? She shot me a quick glance but said nothing.

"I know, right? Gotta' love the higher speed limits out here in the west," She replied with a bright smile.

"I've always liked Denver...Colorado, the whole scene out here," She continued, sounding a bit wistful to me.

"Didn't know you had a history here."

"After my divorce? Took a job in the Fine Arts department of DU. Stayed three years, then took the job in Portland."

"Why'd you leave if you liked it so much?"

Obvious question, I thought.

But, Marni stayed silent for several minutes. Several uncomfortable minutes. What the fuck? Did I just inadvertently open up a can of worms? I was about to apologize when she finally spoke.

"Became involved in a realtionship with another instructor at the school. A fairly serious relationship, at least, for me it was serious," Marni began, "Turned out, I was obviously the only one in the relationship to think so...came home from teaching a night class and found 'em fucking on the couch."

"Been there, done that." I said.

I had. 

Only in my case I came home to find 'em fucking in the bed. My bed. My old bed. Slept on the couch that night and threw the old bed away the next day and went out and bought a new one.

"Marni, I'm sorry, I certainly didn't mean to dredge up unpleasant memories....listen, if you'd prefer to push on to Colorado Springs and not stay in Denver, I'd be good with it," I assured her.

"Nope. Really looking forward to a couple of days here, with you," She replied, turning to flash me her beaming smile...

"I do have a King Suite," the young desk clerk said to Marni, "But, it's an interior, no views really. Now, I do have a mountains-facing Suite with two queens if you'd like."

I was about to snag the king when Marni told her the two queens would be fine.

Boo.

I was seriously bummed-out with that. 

"Damn sure big enough," Marni observed as she threw her bag onto one of the beds."

"Yeah, surely is," I replied but eyeing the two beds as if 'they' were the enemy. 

What the fuck is wrong with me? I mentally shook off the thoughts. No big deal. I'm probably projecting and not assessing, I remember thinking at the time.

But, I really wanted to have only the one bed. I really did.

"I'm going to make a few calls, check out a couple of things if you want to shower or anything...and, I'm going to order up some wine, 'K?" Marni declared.

"'K, sure, that'll work," I answered.

Bitch!

Didn't want to shower with you again anyhow, Bitch! Didn't want to run my soapy hands over your body at all, Bitch!

Man, what was wrong with me?

In planning our no-plan va-cay, Marni and I decided on a couple of nights in one or two towns on our way to and from the Gulf. Denver was the first one. Austin and New Orleans were also on the 'short list' but no decision had been made, yet.

"Wow, gotta' say, you clean up nice," Marni said in compliment of me as we got into the elevator for the trip down to the lobby.

"Not so bad yourself, chickadee," I replied, returning the kind words.

We were both in dress jeans and simple blouses. Mine a vee, hers a simple button-up. Sweaters as well in case the evening turned coolish in the Mile-High City. I had a bit of cleavage going on thanks to my gene-given 36Ds and Marni was really rocking her jeans, her ass looking like it was poured into them.

A really good meal at a restaurant she recommended somewhere on Larimer Street and several stops at various clubs and bars in the area. I 'think' they call it 'Lo-Do', but not really sure. It was nearing midnight when we stepped out of the last bar of the night, for us.

"Snag a cab?" I asked. We had cabbed down to the area rather than risk a DUI.

"Nah, let's walk, it's only a few blocks up Sixteenth," Marni replied and, slipping her arm through mine, she led us 'home' in the refreshing night air.

"Smell like bar," I correctly observed, the close confines of the elevator making that observation abundantly clear.

"Yeah, just thinkin' that myself," Marni agreed, "flip you for the shower?" She suggested.

Double Boo!

But, I won.

Toweling my hair, I turned the shower over to her, standing there, looking at the two beds. Fuck it, I finally said to myself and chose the one closest to the opened patio doors of our suite. 

I crawled under the covers and lay facing the patio, my back to the other bed. I had just closed my eyes when I heard her exit our bathroom and walk towards the beds.

I felt the weight shift and the covers move and was turning my head to say something when she leaned down and whispered, "Just 'cause we have two beds doesn't mean we have to use 'em, does it? Okay if I sleep with you?" turning out the lamp after saying it.

"Yeah, sure," I replied, turning over onto my back so that I could look at her.

"Besides, if that offer for a back-rub is still good..." She said, turning onto her stomach, her face turned towards me and her eyebrows arched in a questioning manner.

"Of course, it is."

ohboyohboyohboy.

"Sit on my ass, straddle me, it'll give you better leverage," Marni suggested and I did just that, the heat of her ass on my crotch feeling really, really good, so good that I could feel myself start to moisten.

"Ooooh yeah....holy shit, that feels so fucking gooood," Marni cooed as I worked her shoulders, her neck, working her back and spine slowly, her jogger-taut body feeling incredibly good to my hands and fingers.

Sliding off of her ass so that I was now sitting on the back of her thighs, I worked my hands until both of her firm, tight ass-cheeks were firmly in grasp. Kneading them slowly, squeezing softly, I felt her legs widen slightly, felt them move under my ass.

"Jules?"

"Yeah," I said softly, "What is it?" my hands continuing to work and squeeze her ass.

"If you want...if you'd like to, you know, touch me other places, I'd be okay with that," flipping onto her back under me while saying it, her eyes holding mine in a gaze.

"I'd like to, I've thought about it," I admitted, "I really want to...but, I've never..." I started to say.

"C'mere," She whispered while pulling my arms and me towards her, laying me next to her with an arm behind my back, holding me to her while her other hand began tracing circles on my thigh, under my sleep-tee.

"Kiss me," She breathed as our lips touched, her lips soft and moist, and hot, almost like 'on-fire' hot.

Her hand found my breast under my tee and she began fondling and caressing it as our kiss evolved into a contest of trying to devour the other one's mouth and tongue. 

Not even thinking twice about doing so, I slipped my hand under her tee as well, finding and fondling her firm breasts, loving the feel of her thick nipples to my palm and fingers. I liked how it made me feel, I liked that I felt empowered, and bold.

"Uhhhh...oh, oh yeah baby, like that, just...like...that," Marni moaned when I slipped my hand down her briefs, cupping her close-trimmed snatch and started rubbing her. Slipping a middle finger between her swollen pussy-lips, it was soon awash with her juices as I relished the warm wetness that was her sex.

Remember that song from the 80s by Asia? 'In the Heat of the Moment'? Yeah, that one, well that's where I was, the intimacy, the carnality of it all driving my actions, my desires, my lust.

"Huh...huh...Oh Sweet Fucking JESUS!!," the sound of her voice muffled because she was softly biting my neck, the moans brought about when I slipped my finger into her and began fucking her with it, slowly at first but increasingly faster as we played.

Raising her hips from the bed, arching her back and pelvis so's that I could finger her deeper, she grabbed onto my arm and wrist, holding it in place. With her ass off the bed, her weight supported by her shoulders on the bed, she was rotating around my hand and fingers, two of 'em now. Marni closed her eyes and bit her lip as she humped and grinded against the pressure.

"Aaaahhhhhhh....." She cried, a bit loudly at that, when her orgasm exploded, humping against my hand and fingers so violently it shook the bed.

"Ooooh shit, Ooooooh shit, here I go again," She cried and, grinding like a miller's wheel, she grabbed two more little quickies.

We collapsed into each other's arms, playing kissy-face as we both fought to breathe normally. I was so turned on by my play with her that my own Ms. Kitty was feeling hot. I had never been so turned on in my life.

Ever.

We cleaned up quickly, opened the bottle of Merlot and sat on our patio, enjoying the wine, enjoying the night.

"Think you could handle a little go-to-sleep-romp with me?" Marni asked, upending her glass to drain the last of her wine.

It was about two in the morning. I was tired. What do you think I said?

"Funny, I was just thinking about asking you the same thing," I answered, draining the last of my wine afterwards.

"C'mon, sweetie, I think a little mutual masturbation is just what the doctor ordered," Marni replied, holding out her hand for me to take.

And, that's exactly what we did. 

Not rushing, we fell easily into each other's embrace back in our bed, relishing the taste of each other's lips, loving the feel of our tongues in each other's mouth, tasting, savoring the other. I couldn't get enough of her, I wanted to be her skin, to totally envelop her.

Kissing each other passionately, feeling and fondling each other's breasts and body, our hands eventually found each other's pussy, both wet, both wanton.

We kissed while fingering and playing with each other for what seemed like an hour, our tongues surely to be bruised in the morning from their dancing with each other.

She got off first. 

After catching her breath, she slipped two fingers into me, started sucking my tits while fingering me and had me climaxing within a nano-second. Don't know if that was the best I'd ever had, but it ranked in the top three, for sure.

We cuddled afterwards, not bothering about cleaning up, that could wait until the morning. We were both being slowly pulled into sleep-ville, the sound of our breathing becoming heavy as we lay in each other's arms.

"I put the "Do Not Disturb" placard on the door...just so that you know," Marni said with a heavy voice, her eyes closed and her head on my shoulder.

"Cool...we get to sleep in? Yea," I said drowsily.

"Not too late...thought I'd drive you around the city, show you around town and shit," She said further.

"What about tomorrow night?" Any plans?" I asked.

"I'm thinking that we should treat ourselves to a good meal, hit a few clubs," She answered, "you know, have a little fun then come back to the hotel, maybe eat a little pussy, 'K?...g'night sweetie," and with that she was gone, her breathing heavy, just 'short' of a low snoring sound.

"'K," I answered after what seemed like an hour, my consciousness barely above sleep.

Wait.

What?

to be continued...