 Okay, the road trip was my idea, I admit it, but I never thought it would turn out like it did. Not that I'm complaining mind you, but, well, I guess I should start at the beginning. My name is Kate, and I'm a student at a nice little college in Indiana. I also happen to belong to an email sex list. Now before you jump to a bunch of wrong conclusions, let me tell you these guys aren't all a bunch of perverts. Oh they all have their kinks, but so do I. No, these guys are good friends. Some of them feel like family. That's what started the whole trip. 

Honey, one of the list members was getting married. We all loved her and wanted to be there for her, but she was getting married in Texas. I suggested that we ought to surprise her by making a road trip to her wedding. Gary and Tammy both thought it sounded like a great idea. Gary even offered up his car as the trip vehicle. So that Wednesday Gary got up and drove up to Cleveland to get Tammy and then over to Muncie for me. By the time they got here, they were both laughing and carrying on. I threw my bag in the car and we took off. Tammy was riding shotgun, so I took the back seat. 

"You two seem in a festive mood," I commented.

"This guy is a fucking nut!" Tammy hollered back at me. "We took off at the crack of dawn and decided to stop at Hardees for some breakfast. Well, we get there just as the place is opening. There's not another soul in the place. Anyway, we get our food and start to leave when I realize it might be smart to go pee before we hit the road again." Tammy paused to take a drink from her cup. I imagine it had to be mostly melting ice by now. "So I head back for the restrooms and Gary follows me. I open the door to the ladies room and act like the fucking doorman, holding it and motioning for him to go inside. Well, he does! He just walks into the ladies room like he owns the place. I go on in at that point and pick out a stall. Goofy here just hops up on the sink counter and starts eating his biscuit."

"And what do you think she did?" Gary interjected at this point. "She asks me to hand her a hash round. There she is pants around her ankles, sitting on the toilet, having me feed her hash rounds while she pees. I had to wait till we got back to the car to eat my biscuit." We all laughed.

"You're both crazy," I told them, "but that's why I love you both."

They both turned to look at me and in perfect unison went, "Awwwww," like they were looking at a cute little kitten or something. Gary turned his eyes back to the road, and we all giggled slightly.

"I'm jealous of him though," Tammy added. "We've been on the road all morning and he hasn't had to pee yet."

Gary flexed his right arm and in a deep voice cried out, "Super bladder!"

"When he goes, he's gonna flood the place. I swear."

We caught the interstate on ramp and I settled in with my back against the door and my feet in the seat. Okay it's not the safest way to ride, but I was more interested in comfort at the moment. We talked about all sorts of stuff as we traveled on. A vote was taken and we decided to go with drive thru BK for lunch after which Tammy would drive until dinner. I would handle the after dinner drive till we hit the motel. I had shifted and was looking out the window when Tammy looked back and smiled.

"Nice flowers," she smirked.

I looked all around, but all I saw were more cars driving past. I looked back at her and noticed her eyes were fixed firmly on my crotch. I looked down and realized that when I had shifted, my shorts leg had shifted and my panties were showing, my flowered panties. I started to straighten them, but a crazy idea shot through my head instead. I made sure Gary had his eyes on the road, and quickly pulled my panties to the side, flashing my bare pussy at Tammy. I quickly covered back up and laughed.

Tammy smiled at me. "Two can play that game." She unbuttoned her pants, unzipped, and slid her pants and panties down. Her pussy was neatly trimmed in a narrow strip. Gary looked over at her, but kept the car under control.

"You flashing her or planning to moon those college guys up ahead?" he calmly asked Tammy. She sat back in her seat and looked at the car we were approaching. Sure enough there were two guys in it that looked to be about college age.

"What if I decide to flash them and moon you two instead?" she asked.

"What ever turns you on," Gary replied.

Tammy turned around in her seat ready to press her bush into the window as we passed them. She looked back at me. "Come on, Kate, why don't you at least give em a tit flash?"

I was glad she asked me to, because I like to show off. One of the biggest turn ons for me is having people watch me while I have sex. I think it goes back to high school when I hid and gave a friend a blow job while he was performing in a play. To his credit, he did a great job of acting like nothing was going on. I swung around in the seat and pulled my top and bra over my tits. I started to press them against the glass when Gary rolled the window down. As the cool morning air struck my nipples they turned hard and stood firmly erect. I thrust them out the window as we drove past the guys. By this time the guys were already exiting the interstate. Gary honked at them. They looked over and honked back. One of them looked like he was trying to get into the back seat for a better look. I had to laugh. This was going to be a fun trip.

Part Two

Tammy's driving was actually crazier than Gary's. She would dart in and out of lanes like she was possessed. She seemed to really enjoy it as well. Quick lane swaps were often accompanied by a loud "Yes" or "Eat this you slow ass fuck". Her driving style certainly made trying to eat an adventure. I had managed to keep from spilling anything but one lane change had sent several of Gary's fries into a freefall.

Gary was now seated in the back with his shoes kicked off and I had taken over the shotgun position. I looked back at him. He was staring out the window looking at the passing traffic.

"Looking for anything in particular?" I asked him.

"Not really, but I'd love to have a car flash us like you two did those college guys." He studied the occupants of this little grey Camry that Tammy just whizzed past. They were both in their mid to late sixties. Gary shook his head. "On second thought, maybe I don't want certain cars to flash us." 

I giggled and looked at Tammy. She was intent on passing a little sports car she had noticed just a minute ago. "Hey," I prompted her, "we're talking about sex again."

"I'm up for it," she replied as her rear bumper finally passed the sports car's front bumper. "Yes!" She made a fist and drew it down in victory.

"Gary was talking about our little flash back there," I filled her in.

"You know what I think?" she asked. "I think we need to see some male flesh. Between the two of us there have been tits, ass, and sweet little pussies on parade. I want to see some cock."

"I guess that means me," Gary chuckled. "Alright, never let it be said I didn't give a lady what she wanted." He started to unzip his pants and reach in to extract his dick, but Tammy stopped him.

"None of this halfway shit. Take em all the way off."

Gary unbuckled his belt, unsnapped his pants, and slid both his pants and underwear down and off. His dick wasn't fully erect, but there was definitely the start of a hard on. Tammy adjusted the rearview mirror so she could see better. She reached back between the seats and gave his dick a couple playful tugs.

"Nice stick shift," she smiled.

I looked and she was right. It was a rather nice dick. As Gary got harder it was getting a decent length to it, but it was really thickening up nicely. Not to be left out, I gave him a couple of strokes as well. The skin was remarkably smooth and warm. "Are you getting excited?" I asked him with a smile on my face.

"Let's see two sexy young ladies have just been rubbing on my cock. If I wasn't getting excited, I'd have to be dead."

"Well don't leave the poor thing just standing there," Tammy said. "Let's see some gland in hand action."

Gary laughed again. "I thought Sue was the one with the masturbation fixation."

"I'm not fixated, but it's definitely something to liven up the trip."

I admit the thought of watching Gary masturbate did sound exciting. I always enjoyed watching cum shoot out of a hard dick, but a lot of guys are funny about letting someone watch them jerking off. I knew from our emails that Gary wasn't one of those types. He loved showing off. I reached down in my purse and pulled out a disposable camera. I looked at Gary and asked if he'd mind.

"Just don't go posting them anywhere," he answered. Gary had sent most of us nude pics of himself, but he refused to post any of the pics to where they could be downloaded by anyone who happened upon them.

He settled in and began stroking his cock which had now gotten fully erect and nicely plump. The head was a deep purple and extremely shiny. He started by just slowly stroking it to get it fully erect and stimulated, then he began stroking harder and faster. He moaned quietly and ran his other hand over his chest. I know women often play with their nipples while masturbating, but I had never seen a guy do it before. He looked at me and smiled. I don't know why, but a shiver ran through my body as I smiled back.

"You want to help?" he asked.

"Is your arm getting tired already?"

"No, but my asshole is getting really hot."

I had heard Gary talk about how his asshole would actually get wet like a woman's pussy, but I didn't believe him. I snapped a picture and laid the camera down. Then I tentatively reached out with my hand.

"Tammy, I hope you realize we're gonna have to stop some place with a sink after we're done."

"I can do that," she replied, so I took a deep breath and began inserting my finger in his ass. He wasn't kidding it turned out. His asshole was almost slippery wet and my finger was able to press inside of him with little resistance. He took in a deep breath of air and I felt his sphincter muscles tighten around my finger and then relax. I slowly began sliding it in and out, pushing in deeper every so often and feeling for his prostate to stimulate his orgasm further. I noticed the precum starting to ooze out the tip of his dick. With my other hand I rubbed a drop of the precum onto my finger and brought it to my lips. I tasted it. Precum always seems to be so much sweeter than the rest of the load, and I had to admit, Gary's was actually pretty good. I decided to tell Gary how good he tasted and see how he reacted.

"You're cum tastes really sweet," I purred in a low sexy voice. "Just like you." Well, it was true. Gary was one of the sweetest guys I've ever met. He really seems to care about his friends. "Want to try some?"

He just smiled. "Sure, why not?" 

I retrieved another drop on my finger and rubbed it on his lips. To my surprise he licked it off.

"Not bad," he agreed.

"Hey," Tammy interjected. "What about me?"

"Give me a minute and I'll shoot some up to you," Gary teased. We all laughed, but I scooped up another drop.

I looked around at the traffic. It had actually slacked off some, and Tammy was driving slower as well. I decided to try something. I waved the drop of precum in the space between our seats. "You want to try this?" I teased Tammy. Slowly I rubbed it on my lips. "Go on and try it."

Tammy checked traffic and then leaned over and ran her tongue around my lips. As she completed the circle, I opened my mouth and our tongues brushed against one another. My nipples got hard instantly and I felt a heat in my body that I hadn't felt in a long time. All too quickly it was over. Tammy had to look back at the road. She looked back at me and smiled. 

"Just wait till we get to the motel." There was a definite playful yet completely erotic look in her eyes that made my pussy get wet all at once. I swear I think I swooned. I smiled back and then we heard Gary.

"Almost there," he moaned. The pace of his stroking had picked up and I decided to match his intensity, fucking his asshole hard with my finger. "Yeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssss!" he cried as a large load of white cum shot out of his dick. It flew up between the seats and splattered the lid to my Coke cup. The second load didn't travel quite as far, spraying on my bare arm. As he pulled the last drops out, the sticky cum dribbled into his pubic hair and down his balls. I slid my finger out of his spent asshole and wiped it on one of the BK napkins, then I folded it and wiped the cum off of my arm as well. Another fold and a precursory swipe on my drink's lid and the napkin was ready for the garbage. I handed another to Gary, and he wiped his balls, cock, and hand. He crumpled the napkin and tossed it in the floor. "That was fucking incredible."

I leaned back and gave him a quick kiss on the head of his dick. "Very nice," I told him. It had been nice, but as much as I had enjoyed watching him shoot his load, my thoughts were on Tammy and the feelings she had stirred inside of my pussy with just a simple tongue kiss. It might be a bit presumptuous of me, but I couldn't help but wonder how that tongue would feel when it was being rubbed against my clit. Another shiver of anticipation shot through my body, and I knew there wasn't going to be much sleeping in our motel room tonight.

Part 3

I had taken over the driving before dinner. Tammy had needed to stop for a cigarette break, and we just rotated seats while we were at it. We decided to go the drive thru route again in order to keep the good time we were making. We knew if we stopped in town and ate, not only would we lose driving time while eating, but we would also get stuck in the city rush hour traffic. 

It was now getting late and we had all decided to take the next exit that offered food. I kept my eyes peeled for the golden arches or a little red headed girl with pigtails. At this point we would have settled for a Kentucky colonel as well.

"Okay, which is more enjoyable," Gary started, "food when you're really hungry or sex when you're really horny?"

"Sex, because you don't have to pay for it," Tammy answered with a smile.

"Speak for yourself," Gary commented. "Even if it's not paying for it in the sense of buying a hooker, guys usually end up spending a bunch of money trying to get to the sex stage of a relationship."

"So I guess your answer would be food then?"

"No, I agree it's sex, just for a different reason. With sex you don't have to keep telling some high school kid what you want and then watch him screw it up anyway."

"Speak for yourself," Tammy and I both responded in unison causing us all to start laughing.

About that point we saw the sign for McDonalds in 5 miles. Gary looked at the sign and then at Tammy. "Want to really rattle some poor fry clerk?" he asked.

She got a devious look in her eyes as well, I noticed in the rear view mirror. "What, you want me to flash him?"

"I was thinking something more than that. I mean a way to really find out which you like better. Start masturbating. We'll get your food for you and after you cum, you get your burger and you can tell us which was better."

"And of course if I haven't reached orgasm before we hit the drive thru, I just keep right on rubbing the nubbin?" 

"Of course," Gary replied.

Tammy shrugged her shoulders. "Sounds like fun to me." She undid her pants again and once more slid both them and her panties off. She reached one hand down and started playing with her clit. I wished Gary had been driving at this point, because all I could do was steal little glances in the rearview. I could hear the sounds of her fingers playing in the wetness of her pussy, and I could hear the moans and sighs as she worked herself up. Gary was so damn lucky. All he had to do was sit there and watch. I guess Tammy noticed this as well because she looked at Gary and asked, "You just gonna watch or you gonna offer a girl a helping hand?"

Gary smiled. "I'll do you one better," he told her, and reached over and reclined his seat. Gary's seat was now laying almost flat against the back seat. He rolled over on his side and looked up at Tammy. His face was inches from her hand. Tammy noticed this and quickly moved her hand. 

"Oh yeah, go for it," she told him and he rolled his face over her pussy and began licking her clit. I looked back from the rear view just in time to see our exit. I put on my turn signal and proceeded to leave the interstate. Tammy's moans had gotten louder and she was now punctuating the moans with comments. "Oh God. Yes, yes, don't stop. Oh my God." I looked over my shoulder and she was pulling his face firmly into her pussy, forcing his tongue to dance deep inside of her. She had to be close to cumming, but either way, I was already turning into the drive thru lane. 

"What do you guys want?" I asked.

"Oh God, get me a Big Mac, Oh my God Extra Value meal with...... Yes, right there, lick me right there, yes...... Coke."

"What about Gary?"

"He is not allowed to..... Oh Sweet Jesus, YEEESSSSS, move his head from this spot."

"How about I get him the same thing?"

Gary nodded his head slightly as Tammy continued pulling him into her crotch. I pulled up to the menu board and heard the voice of a young male drive thru clerk.

"Welcome to McDonalds. Would you like to try an Extra Value meal today?" the voice asked as I waited.

"Yes, mmmmm, yes, yes, yes," Tammy answered from behind me.

I tried to keep from laughing. "We need three Big Mac Extra Value meals, all with Cokes."

"Yes, come on I want more, yes, more," Tammy certainly wasn't shy or quiet.

"Okay, Super Size all three of them as well," I told the clerk.

He gave me the total and told me to pull around. Tammy was apparently in her final throes of climax, because she let out one more scream and then relaxed the hold on Gary's head. He sat back up and returned his seat to the upright position just before I reached the first window. The clerk in the booth looked about like he had sounded on the intercom. Gary started to reach for his wallet, but I stopped him and pulled a twenty dollar bill out of my purse.

"Dinner's on me," I told him as I handed the bill to the young man at the window. His eyes were fixed on Tammy in the back seat laying there all wet and naked from the waist down. "Here you go," I said to get his attention. He turned his attention back to me and Gary who was sitting there with a pussy soaked face, and took the twenty

Gary looked at me. "You didn't have to do that," he said. 

"Maybe I wanted to. Besides," I added, "you can get it tomorrow night."

He must have noticed the poor clerk getting ready to hand me back the change because I know I saw that glint in his eye, but Gary leaned over and kissed me full on the lips. Tammy's juices rubbed off his lips onto mine and I let my tongue wipe it away. She was delicious. I looked back at Gary and pulled his lips back over close once more, but instead of just kissing him I let my tongue run all over his lips and into his mouth. Our tongues intertwined, mixed with the wonderful flavor of Tammy's pussy. Gary was a great kisser, but the combination of his kiss and Tammy's pussy was out of this world. The clerk cleared his throat and I turned to get my change.

"I'm sorry," I told him, "But you wouldn't believe how good her pussy tastes even second hand." I smiled at him, took my change, and headed for the next window to collect the orders. In the meantime, Tammy managed to get her pants back on, so when we got to the next window the clerk there had no idea what had been going on.

The clerk handed us our food and looked back at the other clerk. "You're full of it." I heard him saying. I started to drive off, but decided to help the first clerk out.
