 She walked along the side of the road in an easterly direction, her eyes well adjusted to the darkness, it being two-thirty in the morning. The asshole was making her go to the store again and god forbid that she use the car. She was talking on her cell phone, just happy to know that someone knew where she was.

Since it was so late, there wasn't much traffic. She was surprised, then, when a car slowed behind her, shining its headlights around her. She turned her head, but couldn't see through the glare of the lights. She waved to the car to go past her but instead, he pulled up beside her.

"Hey, there. Need a lift?" She turned and looked in the window on his black Dodge Charger. He wasn't bad looking, probably mid-twenties, a little scruff on his chin and cheeks. His hair was dark, as were his eyes. The way he leaned over toward the passenger side let his black leather jacket hang open, the pocket t-shirt underneath stretching slightly around his muscles.

"Um, hold on" she said to the phone. "No, but thanks. It's only another couple of miles." She turned and started walking again but the car pulled up beside her again.

"Come on. Get in. It's only another couple of miles, but it's cold and you're not dressed warmly and you're not wearing any shoes." He certainly sounded earnest.

"How do you know I'm cold," she said, a touch of defiance in her voice.

"Well, the fact that it's about forty degrees out here and your shirt isn't exactly keeping secrets."

She looked down and sure enough, the nipples on her large breasts were poking through her dark blue shirt. She shivered slightly, since it was in fact cold. Her lack of footwear didn't help, since the pavement was cool now. She hesitated, thinking the car looked warm, not to mention the man was trying to be helpful, but she didn't want to become another missing woman.

"Look. I'm not some kind of freak who steals women. I'm just a helpful guy who's trying to get you where you're going." He smiled at her, a genuine smile that sent a small shiver down her spine, though it might have been the cold.

"Okay, mister. You look nice enough, so I'll go with you. But don't try anything funny."

"Okay, Miss. You got it." He leaned over further and opened the door, pushing it outward so that she could get in. He waited for the door to slam shut like it always did and then pulled back out onto the road and headed east.

"Hi. I'm Adam," he said, sticking his hand out for her. She looked at it sideways and then shook it quickly.

"Nice to meet you, Adam. What brings you out this way so late?"

He chuckled. "Well, I was at my girlfriend's house and we got into a fight and she kicked me out, so I'm heading home. How about you?"

She chuckled in return, adjusting the warm breeze from the vent. "I'm going to the store."

"The store? At two forty five in the morning? Alone? With no car?"

"Yeah, well. It's complicated." She turned and looked out the window, obviously not wanting to talk about it. Adam was about to say something, but thought better of it.

They drove on in silence for a few minutes, both lost in their thoughts. She was pulled from her reverie by the slowing of the car.

"What the hell," he said. A couple of police cars were blocking the road. One of the officers walked up to the window and Adam rolled it down. "Something wrong, officer?"

The policeman shined his flashlight into the window, but keeping it low. "Sorry, sir. There's a tanker accident about half a mile up the road. Where you folks headed?" He nodded when Adam gave him their destination. "In that case, you'll have to turn around and go back to the county road, hang a left and follow that for a mile or so, the turn left again and come into town by way of the Gordon Freeway there. You know where I mean?"

"Yes, officer. Thanks."

"Y'all have a good night, now."

Adam rolled up the window and backed up slightly, allowing himself more room for the u-turn. "Well, that's a fine how-do-you-do. Sorry this is going to take a little longer than I thought. But hey. At least we're warm and we have company."

She laughed despite herself. "Yes. Yes we do."

As they drove on, she began singing softly to herself. After a moment, she realized that even though he was looking at the road, he was listening to her. "Sorry," she said. "I have this tendency to sing."

"That's okay. I like it. I usually sing too, but you beat me to it. Plus, I usually sing to the radio."

She reached over and turned the radio on, finding a good station right away. Both of them started singing along with the radio. At one point, they both missed a pitch badly and started laughing at each other, the tension melting away.

They pulled up to the store and Adam parked. "Well, what are we getting?"

She laughed. "We? When did this turn into a joint shopping trip?"

He grinned in return. "It's not like I have anything better to do, so I figured I'd help you out."

"Okay, fine. But you get to carry the hand basket."

"Deal. Now, let's get going." He worked the door handle and gave the door a good whack on the inside, forcing the door open.

They walked in together, Adam grabbing a hand basket. The store was deserted as they walked in, only the overnight stockers there. "So. Where we headed."

"Follow me." She turned quickly and headed down and aisle. Adam followed two steps behind, taking a chance to admire the view. Her hips swung as she walked, her skirt clinging well to her hips. She leaned over to pick up something, giving him the full on view.

She turned to get his opinion on the item in her hand, but then noticed where his gaze was. She laughed and shook her ass, breaking the spell, Adam's face turning red under the five o'clock shadow. He turned away quickly, looking at the other side of the aisle, a small smile on his face.

She stood up and put her purchase in the basket, a big smile on her face. She touched his hand and he looked at her, his face still red. "Come on, buddy. We've got other stuff to get." She grabbed his other hand and pulled him through the store, Adam offering no resistance.

Toward the end of the shopping expedition, she turned a corner quickly, not seeing the 'Wet Floor' sign. As her foot hit a small puddle of water, she slid, her other foot coming out from under her. She fully expected to hit the floor, but Adam was there, wrapping an arm around her waist to keep her from hitting the deck. She reflexively wrapped her arms around his neck.

His stance wide, he held her weight easily, hand basket held out to the other side to act as a counterbalance. They stayed that way for a moment, their faces close enough to feel each other's breath. She swallowed and looked into his eyes, their bright blue color almost entrancing.

"Um. Adam. You can put me down now."

He blinked. "Right." He pulled her to her feet and set her upright, releasing his grip on her waist. "Sorry. Just wanted to, you know, make sure you were all right."

She found her mouth dry; suddenly wishing his lips were touching hers. She grabbed the back of his head and pulled it down to hers, her tongue sliding into his mouth. He grunted in surprise but eased into the kiss. She broke it as suddenly as it started and started walking toward the checkout, leaving him wondering what had just happened.

He turned and followed her, noticing a little more swing in her hips than before. A broad smile crossed his face and he hurried to catch up with her.

He turned into the main aisle right behind her where she caught him by surprise, dragging him into another kiss, this time with some added grinding of her hip into his crotch, making him moan into her mouth, her tongue tracing his lips. He put his free hand on her hip and pulled her closer, his tongue snaking out to meet hers.

"Whoa there, cowboy. Not here in the store. It's not that deserted." He smiled and looked around, seeing a few people in the aisle. She grinned and headed for the checkout, Adam right behind her being led by the hand.

They went through the checkout and paid, Adam grabbing the bags and carrying them out to the car. When he finished loading the bags into the trunk, he climbed into the car, his passenger already inside. He sat there for a minute and then turned and looked at her.

"What was that all about?"

"I don't know," she replied. "It just happened, I guess."

"Just happened. Okay. At least I know where I stand."

"So do I," she replied, a smirk on her face.

"What?"

She reached out and grabbed his groin, his eyes widening. She moved her hand up and down causing him to groan. "Drive." He nodded and started the car, her hand still moving on the front of his pants. He pulled out of the lot and out onto the Gordon Freeway, retracing his drive.

She moved toward him and licked his ear, keeping the pressure on his crotch. She deftly undid the button on his jeans and slid her hand inside, feeling his hard cock inside, moaning into his ear.

Adam tried to keep his focus on the road, her actions making that difficult. It was made more difficult yet when she moved her head away from his ear and down under his arm and pulled his cock out and started sucking it quickly while he drive. Her head moved up and down on his knob, her fingers digging into his boxer briefs and fondling his balls.

He locked one of his arms straight on the steering wheel, trying to keep his eyes open, her wet mouth begging for his attention. He let the other move to her chest, feeling her large round breast through her shirt, making her moan onto his cock, sending a shudder through him.

Adam moved his fingers to find her nipple through her shirt and upon finding it, pinched it, her body shifting in response. He saw her other hand move and out of the corner of his eye, saw it disappear into her own pants. She wriggled against her fingers and the shifting of her body moved his cock inside her mouth against her teeth and the roof of her mouth.

He drove on, turning right where he turned left earlier and gasped as she took his entire penis into her mouth, hitting the back of her throat, his balls touching her cheek. She moved back up and bobbed furiously on his tip, stroking his shaft with her hand.

With everything going on, it didn't take long for him to orgasm and ejaculate into her mouth, filling it almost to overflowing with his seed. She kept her up and down motion going, sucking out everything he had and then swallowing it, the extra suction from her throat causing him to jerk.

Adam pulled the car onto the shoulder not worried since there was no traffic. She leaned back up and smiled at him, pulling her hand from her pants. Adam buttoned his pants and got out of the car, again needing to slam the door open and went to the trunk and pulled something out.

He moved the passenger side door and smiled. "Come on. Get out of the car."

She looked at him and what he had in his hand: a blanket. She grinned at him and with his help, exited the car, Adam leading her onto the gravel shoulder. He tossed the blanket onto the ground and led her to the front of the car. "What's going on," she asked.

"Something I've wanted to do for a long time. Just relax." He leaned her back against the sloping hood of his car and lifted her skirt up. He knelt on the ground in front of her and bunched her skirt up around her hips. He grabbed the sides of her panties and slowly slid them down, revealing bare skin where pubic hair should be. He smiled up at her and finished removing her underwear, dropping them onto the hood next to her.

Adam slowly moved his mouth toward her wetness, licking her lips softly, going from bottom to top. He wrapped his arms around her thighs, spreading them further to get easier access to her sex. He buried his tongue in her box, his nose pushing against her clit, making her grab a handful of his hair.

She gasped as he hit her button, pulling his hair, trying to initiate more contact between him and her clit. She arched her back, pushing her clit into his mouth. Adam sucked on it, taking it between his teeth and squeezing it, bringing a cry from her lips.

Adam released her bud and moved his hand to play with her clit while licking her slow and deep. He moaned into her, savoring her taste. He pushed his tongue into her as far as possible, trying to reach as deep as he could. His fingers moved quickly over her clit, her body starting to shake.

She cried out, pulling his head as close as possible as she orgasmed onto his tongue and fingers, tugging hard at his hair. He grunted at the pressure and let her flow over his face, licking up everything he could. He kept up his licking and fingering until she had stopped shaking.

Adam stood up, his face slightly glistening in the moonlight. He licked her face clean and smiled at her and she smiled back, her face flushed and her chest heaving, her large breasts moving underneath her shirt. She pushed herself away from the car and moved into him, kissing him deeply, her hand going to the back of his head.

He broke the kiss and led her to where he threw down the blanket. He picked it up and spread it out, red and black squares now covering the ground. He grabbed the hem of her shirt and pulled it up over her head, letting out a small gasp when he saw her beautiful breasts. She slid his jacket off and did the same for his shirt, dragging her nails lightly down his chest, causing him to shiver.

She unbuttoned his pants again and he slid out of them, tossing them to the side, his cock starting to rise again. They both went to their knees, still maintaining their kiss. Their hands roamed all over each other's bodies, moans and sudden gasps filling the air. Adam's hands went to her behind, squeezing it, feeling it move beneath his hands. Her hands caressed his shoulders, squeezing the muscles underneath.

Adam's erection kept brushing against her stomach. She grabbed it and stroked it a little, Adam closing his eyes and letting his head drop backwards. She licked his neck and leaned backwards, pulling Adam with her. He leaned toward her, only to have her put her hand on his chest. She turned over, offering up her ass to him. He kneaded it from behind and lowered his cock to her wetness, pushing into it slowly.

She growled low as he pushed into her, she pushing back against him until he was buried in her. He started moving back and forth in her, her head low, her hair brushing the grass just off of the blanket. He started fucking her faster and harder, his balls hitting her clit, her breathing getting faster and higher pitched.

Her hand came off of the blanket and onto the grass, her whole body moving with each of his thrusts. She moaned loudly as her breasts left the confinement of the blanket and started brushing the dew wet grass, the difference between the warmth of their bodies and the coolness of the grass driving her further along the road to orgasm.

Adam dragged his nails down her back making her arch up in response. He played with her clit and she moaned again, this time even louder. He kept up the pressure until he felt her muscles start to quiver again, her orgasm rapidly approaching.

She screamed out as she released again, her whole body shaking again, his cock still in her. He kept thrusting, riding her through her orgasm, keeping his pace steady. Her arms gave out and she put her face on the ground, the coolness of the grass opposing the heat of his body sending shockwaves through her body, trigging yet another orgasm, her whole body rocking on the ground.

She slipped off of him and lay on the ground, panting loudly, trying to catch her breath. Adam lay down next to her and ran his hand over her body, caressing her skin as she laid there, her body still twitching.

"Wow," she said, her breath still catching in her throat. Adam just smiled in return. She rolled over and looked at him, her eyelids twitching slightly. Her hand moved down to his groin and she held his penis, stroking it firmly. Adam groaned and lay his head down on his elbow, looking into her eyes the whole time.

She fondled his balls while stroking him, his cock rigid as a post, his face contorting slightly when she hit the sensitive tip. He grunted and felt his cock explode all over the blanket and ground between then, some getting on her hand. She raised her hand to her lips and licked off the drops of cum there, swallowing them quickly.

They lay there looking at each other for several minutes before they both shivered, a reminder that the temperature was dropping. They gathered their clothes, put the blanket in the trunk and got back in the car, Adam starting and turning on the heater. He pulled out onto the road and drove quickly, neither of them talking as neither knew what to say.

She had him stop a quarter of a mile from her house, not wanting to be seen being dropped off. She retrieved the groceries from the back seat and leaned back in the passenger side window.

"Thanks, Adam. For everything."

"You're welcome, but I never got your name."

"I know. Here. Take these instead." She handed him her panties and walked off into the night.

Adam looked at the panties, chuckled and drove off, heading home.