 Tradition. It's all very well to have a tradition but not when it interferes with what I want to do. My parents run a market garden and we also have a couple of orchards. That means that when the harvest season rolls around we're awash with fruit and vegetables. 

This is not a problem. The big chain stores take all we can provide. The problem is my father. "We've always had a stall out on the road selling fresh fruit and vegetable to the passing traffic," he said. "I see no reason to stop now."

"Um, dad, the passing traffic now passes us doing a hundred down the new highway. We can't stick up a fruit stall out on the highway and no-one uses the old road anymore."

"Yes they do. We do, for a start, and so all the other locals."

That might be true but they don't use it often and they don't stop to buy fresh fruit and vegetables. Why would they? Most of them grow their own.

My father would not be swayed. We'd always had a stall and we were going to have one this year. Why was I so against it? I knew who'd be stuck out on that stall all by herself, waiting for customers who wouldn't be coming. Can you think of a worse job for an eighteen year old who wanted to be out and about?

It wasn't that I didn't already have a job, working Monday through Friday, in a perfectly normal job working for one of the fashionable boutiques in the mall in town. I didn't need the pittance that my father would pay me for working the stall on the weekends. Hopefully, the total lack of sales would help convince him that we were wasting our time with a stall. I'd already suggested that he just put a sign on the gate and if anyone was interested they'd drive down to the house. Too advanced an idea for his thinking. It wasn't the traditional way of doing things.

So there I was on a Saturday afternoon, a hot Saturday afternoon, stuck out working the stall by the side of the old main road. All by my lonesome. Not that I couldn't summon help if I needed it. That's the advantages of mobile phones. I could have a message sent in a flash and two big men on motorbikes would be there to assist within minutes. These two big men were my brothers.

Why weren't they out tending the stall? Why have a petite young thing out there selling the produce? Tell me, who are you more likely to stop for? The petite young thing with the pretty face and charming smile or a great hulk standing over six foot tall, shoulders like a bull, dressed in black leather, standing next to a wicked black motorbike? That's what I thought. That's also what my father thought so there I was.

How much traffic had I seen? Well, there was my father when he dropped me off and set up the stall. An hour after that old Mister Smith, ninety plus and blind as a bat, drove slowly past. Since then, nothing, and I was bored, bored, bored. To think I enjoyed the job when I was younger. (Before the new main road, with lots of cars stopping and quite a bit of stimulating flirtation.)

Nowadays it was Dullsville on steroids. On second thoughts scratch the steroids. They would have been too exciting for Dullsville. I just wanted something to happen. 

I could hear a car coming. It was a station wagon and I was prepared to wager that it would drive right past without stopping. Here it came and there it went. I'd had a win. Surprise, surprise.

Then I did get a surprise because the car slowed down, stopped, and reversed back up me, pulling next to my stall, and the two men inside got out. The men, I noticed, were looking at me rather than at the stall.

That wasn't a surprise. The stall was old and worn. I was young and pretty and dressed for the weather, and the weather was hot. Since the stall provided shade if I needed it I didn't need clothes that would prevent heatstroke or sunburn. All I was wearing was a pair of shorts, and they were called short for a reason, and a t-shirt that had seen better days but was comfortable and fitted me as though fitted. That was because I'd bought it when I was a little less developed than I am now and my, ah, feminine attributes had sort of moulded the material as they grew. That top was the best thing out for showing cleavage without actually showing any cleavage. It seemed to have a way of attracting the attention of the boys, not that I was objecting.

Not that the two men who got out of the car could be described as boys. Men, definitely, older than my brothers but just as big and muscular, and that's saying something. I had my phone in my hand in case I needed to send an urgent message when I recognized them. They were Jimmy and Andy Smith, old Mr Smith's grandsons. Old Mr Smith officially owned the property but these two effectively ran it.

"If you're looking for your grandfather," I said, "he went that away, about two hours ago."

"No, that's all right. We have an arrangement with the cops. If he gets lost they'll give him a beer and give us a call and we'll go pick him up."

"I'm surprised he's still allowed to drive, at his age," I observed.

Andy laughed. "He's not. His licence has been cancelled and he's been warned about driving without a licence. Doesn't stop him. He just claims that he's forgotten he'd lost his licence, lying old bugger. He pinched a set of keys and headed off before we could stop him. He's probably in the pub. We also have an arrangement with the pub to pinch his keys and call us. It's just that they don't do it until he runs out of cash, the bastards."

"OK, then. Ah, why have you stopped? I seriously doubt that you need fresh fruit and vegetables."

"Quite right, we don't. Nah, we saw you standing here, looking all bored and alone, and thought we'd stop and cheer you up and play with you for a while."

I'm like, "What?" to myself and Jimmy chimed in.

"What Andy means is that we want to take off your clothes and get closer acquainted. Very closely acquainted."

Now I was thinking they can't be serious. I mean, they were just standing there, not trying to pounce on me or anything.

"You're kidding, right? You don't seriously expect me to take my clothes off for you?"

"Certainly not," said Jimmy, sounding surprised. "Where's the fun in that? We'd much rather do that ourselves."

Well, I'd wanted something to relieve my boredom but this seemed a bit much. I just stood there looking at them, not sure what to say. When I didn't say anything Andy came closer, stopping right in front of me. 

"If you want us to stop then now would probably be a good time to say so," he told me, sinking down onto one knee.

I was wondering why he was doing that when I found out. He was now at exactly the right height to start undoing my shorts, flicking open the buttons at the waist nonchalantly and then sliding down the zip. My shorts were now gaping open, showing off a little pair of lacy yellow panties. 

I was just standing there watching. He looked up at me and winked, his hands taking hold of the waistband of my shorts. When I didn't say anything he started drawing them down, taking his time and sliding them right down to my ankles. He stayed like that for a couple of moments and I wondered what he was waiting for. Then it dawned and I lifted my feet, one after the other, while he took my shorts right off. 

Now I was standing in front of them in that old t-shirt and a rather tiny pair of panties. Was I really going to let them do this to me? Apparently so, because I didn't let out a peep when Jimmy stepped forward and started peeling my t-shirt off. I obediently raised my arms and just like that I was down to bra and panties and a bright red face.

I wondered how much further they would dare to push this. For that matter, how much further would I dare to let them? I swallowed nervously at the thought of them taking off my underwear and leaving me standing there naked, knowing that they were looking at me. I'd wanted a change from boredom and now I had it. 

I couldn't help but think about the possibility that they might try to fuck me. No, surely they wouldn't. A glance at their groins changed that to yes, they certainly would if those bulges were any indication. If I was going to stop this I'd have to do so right now.

To my personal horror it seemed that I wasn't interested in trying to stop them. I just stood there blushing, waiting to see what they did next. What they did was have Andy step forward and move behind me. I could feel my bra loosening as he flicked open the catch, and then he was back in front of me, helping the straps slide down my arms and off.

Jimmy's turn again and there was only one item left for him to remove. I somehow doubted that either one of them gave a damn about the fact that I was wearing sandals. Now he was down on one knee, sliding my panties down, and, supreme idiot that I am, I lifted my feet, allowing him to take them right off.

The two men stepped back and looked at me. Carefully. They slowly circled me, wolves circling the poor little lamb, watching me all the while. They finally came to a halt in front of me.

"You do know what we intend to do to you, don't you?" Jimmy asked, a slight smile on his face.

My face was burning fiercely but I nodded.

"That's all right then," he said softly and both of them moved in on me.

They might as well have been one person they moved in such a coordinated manner. Both of them closed one hand over a breast while their other hand dropped down and started massaging me down below. A hand on each breast wasn't that odd. It was an experience I'd enjoyed before, not being exactly what you would call a blushing virgin. It was the two hands down below that was somewhat unnerving. 

Neither one of them had control of my pussy. They were both rubbing their own half, and their rubbing was not coordinated. One would rub in one direction while the other was rubbing the opposite way, forcing my lips to rub against each other. Every so often one of them would slip a finger between my lips and the other would be rubbing me against it. 

I don't know if they actually spoke about what they were going to do but once again they seemed to be of one mind. They took a step back and Andy went down on one knee. His hand clamped over my bottom and his face was pressed up against me, his tongue darting out to start teasing me. Not to be left out Jimmy simply bent his head and started tasting my breasts, and when I say tasting I mean tasting, not kissing. His mouth was all over my breasts, kissing and licking and biting and sucking on my nipples and rolling my nipples around with his tongue. And for all that he was doing I was still far more conscious of what Andy was doing to my pussy. 

It seemed to me that Andy was doing a bit too much. His tongue was darting about near my clitoris and I was starting to feel most peculiar.

"Ah, Andy, that's about enough of that," I frantically cried and the next thing I knew both of them stepped back.

I was thinking they're going to stop just like that? Totally surprised didn't start to describe what I felt. I'd been sure that they'd have kept going.

Then their zips were going down and it was a case of, oh, silly me.

Andy dropped the tailgate of the wagon and Jimmy picked me up and sat me on it. He pushed my legs well apart and even though I was leaning back a little, propped up by my arms behind me, I was looking down the length of my body and I could see myself. And Jimmy's erection, hovering right next to me. He eased closer and I was watching his cock push past my lips and driving into me. I think I may have indicated that I wasn't quite a virgin but quite frankly this was the first time I'd ever actually watched as a cock entered me and I was finding it incredibly erotic. I'd always been a little nervous about what was happening. This time I was just plain fascinated. I flicked a glance at Andy and it was another oh my god time. I mean, even after Jimmy did this I had Andy's cock waiting for its turn.

Once Jimmy was satisfied he was properly positioned he just thrust into me with me letting out a muted scream. Not that my little scream bothered him at all. He just laughed and started banging away. To be quite truthful I was finding it hard to credit the fact that I was watching Jimmy's cock surge in and out of me, me doing my feeble best to push up to meet him. I could feel him all the way up inside me and it seemed to me that he'd gone deeper than I'd thought possible.

I was squeaking and yipping and carrying on, just totally carried away by what was happening, squirming around, pushing against him, totally aroused and getting even more excited with every thrust.

I was going to climax, I just knew it, and I couldn't wait. I was almost screaming at that point and when I felt Jimmy kick it up a notch I totally lost it. I screamed and climaxed, seeing and feeling Jimmy having his own climax.

I just leaned back against my propped up arms, breathing hard and not wanting to move. I noticed that Andy was there but I was feeling too spent to worry about it right then. Andy had grabbed some tissues, probably from the car because I was sure I didn't have any at the stall, and was carefully wiping me down and cleaning me up a little. Understandable as there were some disgusting juices all over me.

I'd just managed to catch my breath when I found Andy helping me down from the tailgate. Then he turned me around and pushed me forward so I was bent over it.

His hands were around me and he was rubbing my breasts and I could feel his erection pressing along the cleft of my buttocks, and there seemed to be an awful lot to press.

"My turn," he said, "but you need to relax a little. Don't be so restrained in what you do. It's all perfectly natural and if you want to shout and scream then by all means do so. Jimmy and I won't mind no matter how loud you get. It's actually a compliment to us to have you screaming your head off about what we're doing."

Restrained? I thought I had been yelling while Jimmy was having his fun. There again, I had always been aware in the past that other people might be around and that it wouldn't be smart to make too much noise. That didn't apply here, did it? There was only me, Jimmy, and Andy within earshot. I could feel myself relaxing just that little bit.

Andy's hands dropped away from my breasts and a moment later I undoubtedly pleased Andy when I screamed my head off when this most enormous dong came charging into me. I'd been expecting it, but still.

Andy didn't delay about getting serious. He probably assumed that I was already all worked up after Jimmy's efforts (and he was right) and he had no need to wait for me to acclimatise as it were (and he was wrong). I hadn't got around to doing a comparison between the size of Jimmy's equipment and the size of Andy's apart from noting that they both had plenty available. It seemed I should have been paying more attention because Andy definitely had the lead on Jimmy, and in a big way according to my pussy.

Andy's hands came around me to resume fondling my breasts and his cock was making hay while the sun shone and the sun was high in the sky.

He pounded me, with the drum in a marching band getting nothing compared to what I got. It's a good thing that Andy liked screams as he was getting a lot of them. He pounded away while I bucked under him, doing my best to keep up with him, screaming my head off the whole time, and having a wow of a time. There's something liberating about being able to just let go and scream when you want to. 

I wasn't just screaming for the sake of screaming, although there was a bit of that mixed in. I was also screaming out instructions, telling him to put some effort into it. All of a sudden I was greedy, wanting more of everything and demanding that Andy supply it.

He was steaming along nicely and I wasn't doing too badly myself. I could feel my climax coming and I had a happy suspicion that it was going to be even bigger and better than the one before. (Maybe screaming helps.) 

Andy finished off with a bang and I finished up with a screaming climax, feeling deliciously pleased with myself. I felt Andy withdrawing and I just flopped over the tailgate, feeling spent and incredibly smug. I noticed that one of the boys was kind enough to wipe me down again and I finally tottered to an upright position, not sure if I could walk with legs that were feeling as rubbery as mine.

Looking around I could see Jimmy and Andy were once more looking me over, amusement plain on their faces. They were both fully dressed again and there was I flaunting everything. I looked around for my clothes and managed to scramble into them. While I was doing that I heard a phone ring. It wasn't mine so I ignored it.

Finally having got everything together I wondered what I was supposed to do now. Sell them an apple, maybe? It registered on me that Jimmy was on the phone and his language was rather colourful.

"What's gone wrong now," Andy asked.

"Cops on the line. They've picked up pops. Apparently he had a skinful and decided he wasn't fit to drive the car home and decided to take the bus."

"Ah, the bus don't come out here," Andy pointed out.

"It would have if the driver hadn't caught up with it and managed to get on board," snarled Jimmy. "If the old coot was any younger the cops would lock him up and throw away the key. As it is they're inviting us to go and collect him."

"Sorry, sweetheart, but duty calls. Will you be here tomorrow?"

"God, I hope not," I said fervently, not stopping to think how that may sound to them.

"Know what you mean," called Andy as the boys hurried to get in their car. "So maybe we'll see you tomorrow and maybe we won't."

Jimmy was driving and he quickly chucky a U-turn to head back to town. He pulled to a halt next to me for a moment, winding down his window.

"Hey, have you ever been stripped and spanked before getting fucked? If not you could be in for a treat tomorrow."

With that he was gone. I would so not be at the fruit and vegetable stall tomorrow. Over half the day gone and I hadn't sold a single item. This whole exercise was a waste of time. As for coming back to be stripped and spanked? I mean, the muscles on that man. My bottom was cringing at the very thought of it. I wondered what it would be like.