 She was driving a little over the speed limit in a hurry to get to a summer class. The siren alarmed her along with the flashing lights in the rear view mirror. She pulled to the side of the frontage road, her heart was racing. She could not afford a ticket right now. 

The Officer approached her window. "License and registration," he instructed. She handed him her papers and pleaded, "Please don't give me a ticket, Officer. I'll do anything." He ignored her and stepped back to his car. "Fuck!" she exclaimed. She watched him return in the side mirror as she hiked up her skirt to reveal her garter belt. When he leaned in to return her documents, she looked into his eyes and guided his gaze down to her lap. He followed her gaze and did not look back in her eyes as he directed her to get out of the vehicle.

She obliged. He lead her to the side of the road. "Put your hands on the vehicle please," he told her. She did as he said. He commenced to slowly frisk her from top to bottom. He ran his hands down the outside of her arms and back up the inside. Then down her back, across her bottom, over the outside of her thighs down her stockings to her pumps. Then he slowly brought his big, warm hands up the inside of her legs. Up her shins, knees, thighs, hips, over the front of her crotch and to her chest. She clearly had nothing on her. But he continued.

He slid his finger down the front of her summer dress and into each bra cup. He slipped his hands in and ran them over her breasts under her bra. He lifted the back of her dress and ran his hands under the back and sides of her bra. His hands slid down her bare sides and into the waistband of her panties. He reached inside the back and cupped his hands around her ass and pulled her cheeks apart. Then he ran his index finger along the elastic to the front of her panties. 

"Do you have any drugs in your vagina?" he inquired into her ear with a matter-of-fact tone. 

"No, Officer." She was hot and panting and could barely get the words out.

"Mind if I look?" He slid his hands down the front of her panties and pulled her pussy lips apart through her underpants before she could answer. 

"Well officer, I..." 

"I didn't think you'd mind." He swiftly bent her over the hood of the car and handcuffed her hands behind her back. 

He lifted her skirt and outlined the edges of her panties with his fingers, checking meticulously for contraband. He slid his finger along the inside of the crotch brushing his knuckles against her soft hair. She gasped. 

"What am I going to find in here?" he pulled the panties aside and examined the outside of her moistening cunt. "Pot, coke--any other drugs?" 

"No, Officer. Nothing," she gasped at him breathlessly.

"I'll be the judge of that." He pulled down her underpants and left them hanging on one leg. "Spread em!" He kicked her legs open. He leaned his bulge in against her and held her there while he slipped on a pair of latex glove. She gasped again as she heard them snap. He reached between himself and her behind and pulled apart her labia with the sticky, cold gloves. He began to massage the outside of her vagina as he pushed his bulging crotch into her. "What have we here?" He inquired rhetorically. "Let's have a look and see if we can't find something." He attempted sliding his gloved finger into her dry hole and couldn't get in. "You're too dry. I'll have to get you wet." He dropped to his knees behind her and slopped his damp mouth over her crack making loud slurping sounds against her cunt. 

"OH!" She moaned. 

He shoved his damp tongue into her hole and began to smear a gloved finger over her clit. "That's wet enough," he slipped his thumbs into her and pulled her apart slowly. 

"Oh, oh, oh..." she was speechless. 

"Now I can get a good look." He crammed a finger as far into her as it would go and poked it around. He massaged her g-spot for a moment making her back into his hand a few times. He pulled his hand away and stood up, "I don't seem to be finding anything. I'll need something longer." She heard his pants unzip and the unwrapping of a condom. He poked himself in her saying, "This ought to help me find what I'm looking for."

He pumped in and out of her. He held onto her cuffed arms and pulled her to him with each thrust. "I wonder if I'll find what I'm looking for." He humped her harder and leaned down to her ear. "Do you have anything for me? Do you have what I'm looking for? Give me what I'm looking for. Come on, give it to me." He emphasized every other word with a hard thrust. 

"I told you, I don't have anything! oh-god-no," she groaned. 

"I think you do have it. I think you have it right here." He thrust harder. "You have exactly what I'm looking for right in here," his gloved fingers began to spasm over her wet clit. She began to climax and her cunt gripped his pulsing head. He thrust faster and harder, "Oh, yes. There it is. That's what I was hoping to find. Lookie there." He was holding her hair and fucking her hard from behind. "Yeah. Just what I was looking for." He said as he ejaculated into the moist condom. 

"Stay right here or I'll take you in." He went back to his car to clean up leaving her laid open and handcuffed on the hood of her car. When he returned, he took off the handcuffs as he whispered into her ear, "Bribing an Officer of the Law is a crime." He helped her back into the car and waited for her to drive away.