 Good gracious, Valerie thought, of all nights to have a flat. She stood on the side of the interstate and kicked her Blazer, she felt like screaming but knew that would be absolutely useless. It was a terrible night out and she had had a terrible day at work. She really just wanted to get home, take a long hot shower, munch on whatever she could find in the refrigerator and curl up in her bed with a good book. But now this, a flat tire.

Valerie got back in her vehicle and rummaged through her purse for her cell phone, finding it she placed a call to the Chevrolet roadside service number. The call made her even more frustrated. The bored sounding customer service representative informed her that it could be as much as an hours wait because of the bad weather and so many other service calls. Now she really felt like screaming, but instead she made herself comfortable and settled in for what was apparently going to be a long wait. There was no one else she could call and even if there was she was not about to leave her Blazer parked on the side of the interstate on this rainy, sleeting and icy night. She would just wait. She dozed off listening to the radio and what woke her up was the sound of a vehicle stopping behind hers.

Her windows were iced over so she was unable to see who had stopped, but whoever it was had bright lights shining in her vehicle. She straightened in her seat and reached in her purse for her pepper spray. She could see just a little out her side window and was looking in her side view mirror when the driver side door of the car behind her swung open. She breathed a sigh of relief; thank goodness it was a policeman.

"Good evening ma'am." the officer said.

"Hi Officer. Gosh I am glad to see you."

"Is your vehicle disabled ma'am?" the officer asked.

"Yes, I have called the roadside service, but they said it would take a little while, maybe even more than an hour." Showing the officer the pepper spray Valerie laughed and said, "But I was ready for whoever that was stopping behind me."

"Smart lady." The officer said removing his wide brimmed hat so that Valerie got her first real look at him. She felt her heart pitter-patter in her chest when she looked into the most beautiful big brown eyes she had ever seen on a man. She was staring at him hard while nasty thoughts ran through her head. The officer leaned in closer to her car and she could smell just a slight whiff of his cologne. Valerie checked out the hand that rested on the side of her truck, she had a pet peeve about hands, and saw well taken care of hands. Nice neat nails, no scars and no calluses. "I hate to leave a damsel in distress stranded on a night like this, so if you like you can come back and sit in the cruiser with me. I see your fuel needle is on empty and it would not be smart to keep your engine running until the service guy gets here."

Valerie was still checking this hunk out and it took a few seconds for his statement to register. Glancing at her fuel needle she realized he was right. "Sure, let me get my purse." She unlocked her door and got out pulling her purse out behind her while the officer waited.

"This is a terrible night to be out." the officer said to her. "Are you on your way home?"

"Yes, I am." The officer opened the passenger door for her and as she was turning to get in she saw his nameplate for the first time. Officer M. McCoy it read. "This is so very kind of you Officer McCoy."

"No problem ma'am. No problem at all. It is part of my job duties, to protect and serve." he said before closing the door. Officer Mark McCoy took his time walking around the car to his side. He hated working nights like this; cold, rainy, sleety and icy. Of all the people he could have happened upon that needed his assistance he smiled at the thought of the beautiful women he had just put in his car. 

She was shorter than he usually liked his women but she was fine. She stood about five feet five inches in high heels, and was shaped like an hourglass with a set of knockout legs. She looked prissy though to him, the type that might say don't mess up my hair, or watch the makeup. He could also tell that she was a businesswoman, having observed the attaché with a laptop on the front seat of her vehicle. Well he would converse with her and find out if she would be worth attempting to get to know. Sliding in the vehicle he asked her to hold on a minute while he made a call in to his dispatcher and informed them of his current status and position.

"Sorry for that ma'am, I have to let them know of my status at all times, just procedure."

"No problem. But listen, my name is Valerie, please stop calling me ma'am, it makes me feel old." 

Officer Mark laughed and replied, "I didn't mean to make you feel old, because that you definitely are not. Did you call your husband and let him know where you are? He is probably worried." he was fishing for personal information now.

He is checking me out personally Valerie thought. "I am not married. So there is no one worrying about why I am not home yet."

"Everyone needs someone to worry about them." Officer Mark commented. "But there is no one at home worrying about me either." They looked at each other and a knowing smile passed between them. Mark felt a tingle of excitement trickle through him whenever he looked directly into her smiling face. She looked like a living breathing doll baby. "I don't want to make you uncomfortable or anything Valerie, but has anyone told you today, that you are a beautiful woman?" He could not believe he had said that, but it was true, she was beautiful.

Valerie blushed and looked down into her lap. "Thanks Officer McCoy, that is very nice of you, and no. No one has told me in a long time that I am beautiful. I tell myself everyday, part of my daily affirmations, but it's not the same as having an extremely handsome man like you tell me." she smiled slyly back at him.

They sat in uneasy silence listening to the local R&B radio station, each feeling the attraction between them. Valerie wondered if she could ask for his number while he was in uniform and if he could give it, or maybe she should wait and see if he asked for hers. Mark wanted to ask for her number but knew he shouldn't while in uniform, but he wanted her number. Unsure how to proceed Mark sat and puzzled over his next move.

Valerie feeling a little mischievous glanced at Mark and saw his look of confusion. "So Officer McCoy, what do you do for fun?"

"Please call me Mark. Nothing unusual. Football, basketball and baseball games with the fellows usually. Bar hop on my days off...sometimes, if I feel up to it, if not I do the movies alone or the library. Just the normal boring stuff."

"For sure you've got a woman to break up some of that boredom?"

"Valerie, the truth is, I haven't been with a woman in over four months. I don't even remember how a woman smell."

Laughing Valerie held her wrist under his nose and let him sniff. "That's what this woman smell like." She said grinning slyly.

Taking her hand in his, he pressed his nose to her wrist. "And you smell good." Making a bold move he pressed his lips to her wrist and opening her curled fingers he pressed his lips to her palm. "I haven't smelled or tasted anything that sweet in a long time."

"You should smell me here." Valerie instructed while leaning over and offering him the side of her neck. "I think I taste really sweet there too." Following her suggestion Mark leaned over and pressed his face to her throat. The sweet warm womanly scent that clung to her skin struck him like straight right jab.

He felt his heart quicken and his pulse beat loudly in his ears, before he knew what was happening he and Valerie were locked in a passionate embrace. Their hands were all over each other while their lips and tongues did a dance of their own rhythm. Mark slid across the center console and into the passenger seat while lifting Valerie onto his lap.

Valerie did not know how this was happening, one minute they were talking and now they were passionately embracing. "Do I feel like you remember a woman feeling?" Valerie asked huskily as Mark's hands explored her body. He was massaging her breast through her blouse and kissing along the side of her throat.

"No...you feel better and taste sweeter than I remember." Mark answered in a nervous voice. "We really should stop this now." He said trying to keep the situation in control.

"Why? You don't like feeling and tasting a woman. You said it had been a long time. Well now you have the perfect opportunity, and what better than a cold rainy night like tonight." Sensing his reluctance Valerie decided to take control of this situation. Readjusting so she sat straddled his lap facing him; she slowly unbuttoned her blouse revealing her Victoria's Secret bra and the twin mounds of dark chocolate it held. After removing her blouse she guided his face down to her breast and held him there. Mark covered her breast with kisses while he skillfully loosened the hook in back freeing her breast for his enjoyment.

Cupping each in his hands he covered her right nipple with his mouth and ran his tongue around it before doing the same to the left. He massaged, kissed and nibbled her breast until he heard her moaning in pleasure and felt her grind against his rock hard penis. He knew that this situation was past the point of no return now and whatever was going to happen was just going to happen. 

It was useless for her to try and undress him, underneath his shirt it was mandatory for him to wear body armor, a bulletproof vest, and it would take too much to get out of it. Valerie knew she could not undress his top so she went for his belt. He automatically reached for his gun and removed it from the holster and laid it in the driver's seat. She unzipped his pants and pulled his hard penis free and began stroking the hard length of it. 

"You okay, Officer McCoy? Since you are scared to taste me, can I taste you?" she asked, looking like the cat that was about to eat the canary.

"Yes." He whispered. "Please taste me?" Valerie slid down the seat between his thighs and kissed him along his stomach where the vest stopped. She continued stroking his swollen penis until she saw a tiny clear drop of cum ooze from the tip. "MMmmm." She moaned before sticking out her tongue to lap at it.

"Oh God." Mark said and Valerie could hear his breathing change. He was unable to believe that this was still actually happening. Here he was a thirteen year Officer of the Law with a partially naked woman about to give him head while cars outside zoomed by at 65 miles an hour. This was the stuff that policeman dreamed about happening to them. "That feels so good." He said to Valerie.

"You liked that? How about this?" Valerie asked before running her tongue around the rim of his penis. Mark moaned out loud and reached down and began massaging her breast. Valerie gripped his throbbing penis and guided it into her waiting mouth. She sucked and lapped at the swollen head loving the feel of it on her tongue, tasting the clear fluid that oozed out the tip. Relaxing her throat she took as much of his penis in her mouth as would fit, and begin a hand and mouth rhythm she knew would make him cum.

Mark leaned back and just watched as she went to work. She had some serious skills, and was going at him like a professional. She was working on the head of his penis sucking and teasing it with her tongue while she stroked his length with her hand. When he felt that he could not take anymore of that she would push forward and let him slip into the back of her throat. She was moaning and purring like a cat and he knew that she liked doing what she was doing.

Pulling his nightstick free from its belt loop he extended it and placed it between her legs beneath her skirt. She moaned in appreciation and began rubbing her throbbing clit up and down on the black wooden stick. Valerie continued stroking and sucking at his hard penis, enjoying the feel of it bumping into the back of her throat, loving the velvety feel of the head as her tongue wrapped around it. Mark reached down and guided her head with his hand increasing her tempo. Up and down her head bobbed between his legs, her lips and tongue skillfully sucking and caressing his hardness.

Mark began pumping his hips up to meet her mouth, pushing himself deeper into her throat. She was humming and every time he felt his head against the back of her throat, the vibrations sent shock waves through his body. He was not going to be able to hold back much longer. He looked down and saw that Valerie had one hand between her thighs and was working fast and furious on her clit.

Valerie felt her orgasm building, taking her to the heights of her climax, she felt like she was riding a wave of pleasure and sensation. She could tell by Mark's movements that he was also getting very near to cumming. She worked faster and harder on his penis. Stroking the long hard shaft while taking all of his throbbing manhood in.

Watching her masturbate excited Mark and he abandoned all resolve and reservations and enjoyed the moment. His body tensed and he felt a cool sweat breaking out under the hot body armor he wore. Grabbing Valerie's head he forced himself deep into her furiously working mouth. "Ohhhhhh." He cried out when he felt the orgasmic release. "Oh damn girl. Agghh." he groaned still pumping up to meet her mouth. 

When Mark's penis hardened and expanded in her mouth Valerie lost all thought of space and time, but when she tasted the sweetness that he gave her, she was also carried over the edge to ecstatic bliss. They rode the wave of their orgasms together, floating higher and higher their bodies buoyant and languid.

The sound of tires on gravel is what brought the pair back to the present and aware once again of their surroundings. The windows of the car were so fogged that no one could see in or out. The crackle of a CB radio could be heard and then a door closing. Mark and Valerie both scrambled to straighten their clothes but didn't quite make it before the driver of the vehicle appeared outside the misty driver side window.

"Oh shit." Mark said in a whisper when he glanced around and saw that Valerie was still trying to get her blouse on. She abandoned the blouse and just pulled her overcoat on. There was a knock at the window.

"Roadside service here." Came a male voice through the window.

"Yes." Mark said and quickly exited the car. Valerie could hear the voices of the men talking, and Mark was giving instructions. Right rear tire, he was saying, yes it is flat. No she is in my cruiser keeping warm.

Roadside service, Valerie thought to herself. This is the best roadside service I have ever received. Taking off her panties she took out a pen and wrote her name and number on them, and then wrapped them around Marks gun that now lay in the floor of the car. She finished dressing and got out the car just as Mark was coming towards it.

"Well ma'am seems like you are in good hands now, so I should be moving on." he said sounding all official again. He looked at her longingly though and wanted to say more, but he knew that the service guy knew something had been going on in that steamed up cruiser.

"Thanks Officer McCoy, I enjoyed your company. If I ever break down again, I hope you will show up and keep me safe." Valerie said and ran her tongue across her still sex puffy lips.