 Susan was a tall beautiful woman but had past the middle age mark. Her C-cup breasts started showing slight signs of gravity, though that could also have been from her late husband who loved playing with them. He'd pull and tug and squeeze them every chance he got. They had been married for 18 years prior to his passing.

She had been alone for a few years now, over her loss, and looking to put some spice in her life again. She always felt a little uneasy dipping her toes back into the dating pool as she hadn't dated in two decades. She was still good looking, however. She kept her long, slender legs toned at the gym four days a week. Susan took care of herself in hopes of one day finding love again. 

As time grew on though, her drive for love was taken over by lust. Susan just wanted sex, rough primal copulations. What it would feel like again to have a massive cock plunged into her pussy. To spread her lips apart. To have her nipples nibbled and her ass slapped. To have her clit sucked. Her late husband loved sex but was never too adventurous. She always had secretly wanted to try anal. Susan's lust slowly overtook her thoughts.

She bought a vibrator and wore it out in a week. After loving the new sensation, she purchased a handful of toys to satisfy her needs. Over the next few months, she would read erotic literature with a vibrator deep in her sex. Day by day, it grew less and less meaningful. Less satisfying. Her more powerful vibrator took the edge off but only briefly. She needed more, she needed a cock inside her. 

She was to meet Jenny, her girlfriend, for coffee at nine. She got dressed, nothing too sexy, just comfortable. Susan backed out of the driveway and jumped onto the back road, it was always faster with midday traffic. 

Four minutes in, and her steering got soft. The right side of her car started pulling to the side of the road. She pulled over and stopped in the shoulder, parts, and got out. As she walked to the other side of my car, Susan discovered it was flat. 

"Just my luck! What am I to do now?" she thought. "Maybe someone will help a damsel in distress," she thought out loud. Susan went to the edge of the road and tried flagging down the first car she saw. Car after car drove by; a few honked as of mocking. Finally a big black truck pulled over behind her. 

-

I was on my way into town for a few errands when I saw this woman waiving at me on the side of the road. I figured what the hell and pulled over. 

"Morning ma'am. Are you okay?" I asked.

"Yeah just a flat tire. I'd change it myself but I would never be able to lift it out of the trunk. Would you be able to help me get it out?"

"That's okay miss. I can change it for you. Could you pop your trunk?" There was a click from her remote and the lid popped open. "This shouldn't take too long." I lifted the carpet flooring and removed the spare. 

Five minutes later I had the tire off and was tightening the lug nuts on her spare, "That should do it. I'll put your flat one in the trunk. I'd take that to get fixed soon. You don't want to be driving around on that spare too long."

Susan reached down and put her hand on my shoulder. "Oh my, thank you! I don't know what I would have done without you. How can I thank you?"

I had noticed this woman was beautiful but until just now, I hadn't realized how sexy she was. I stood up and faced her. Her shirt greatly accentuated her breasts and pants made her butt stand out. I felt my cock stiffening. "How about you buy me a cup of coffee and we'll call it even?" I said, catching my eye drifting down to see her nipples poking through the soft fabric of her top. 

"I'm running late for a coffee date myself but I'd love to take you out as a thank you." She glanced down and noticed a tent growing in my pants. "Oh my. That looks mighty uncomfortable. I could relieve the pressure for you?"

I nodded and she slowly dropped to her knees. She unzipped my jeans and pulled my throbbing cock through. "It's huge! It's at least 9 inches and I've never see one so big around!" She grasped my cock with both hands, eager, leaned down and took the head of my dick in her mouth. Oh it felt good. She lightly sucked on the head and swirled her tongue around. I let out a small moan. 

Slowly she sucked faster and fondled my balls in her hand. "I'm so wet. I need you to fuck me please! I'm so horny and I need your massive cock inside me!"

I managed to grunt a "yes" and she stood up. She hooked her thumbs into her waist and and with one quick movement, her pants hit the ground. Her ass in full view; my cock twitched with anticipation. Susan bent over the hood of her car now facing traffic, spreading her legs. I could see her cleanly shaven pussy glistening in the morning sun. I was awestruck at how quickly this woman spread her legs. 

I stepped behind her and guided my swollen member to meet her tight warm pussy. I pushed slowly feeling her lips spread around the tip of my cock. More and more of her sex swallowed my cock, begging for more. She let out a loud moan, "Oh please fuck me. I need that cock now!"

I pulled back until the head of my cock was just barely visible at her opening, grabbed her hips, and slammed the full length of my dick into her. She gasped loudly, "Oh yes! More!" Faster and faster I pumped in and out of her glorious sex. Her elbows propped up on the hood allowed her breasts to hang and bounce with every thrust. Traffic began to notice our endeavor. Each car slowed and honked in approval. Each horn encouraging us, bringing us closer to orgasm. 

By this time Susan was moaning uncontrollably. Louder and louder she'd scream as I pounded her pussy. I was thrusting into her with such vigor that my balls were smacking into her clit adding to her arousal. 

"Oh fuck. Fuck me! Oh yes! Oh YES. OH FUCK. YES. YES. YES! Oh god I'm going to cum! Oh. OH. OOOH. OOOH."

I reached around and found her swollen clit. I took it between my thumb and finger and squeezed. This sent her over the edge. Her body contracted. Her pussy latched onto my pulsing cock. Her arms gave out and her breasts mashed onto the car hood. "OH GOD IM CUMMING! Don't cum in me. I want to swallow you. Hang on please! Oh Fuck this wont end!" Her orgasm continued for what seemed like forever. I kept thrusting into her as she convulsed on her hood. 

"I'm so close. I need to cum!" I yelled. She took my warning and turned around. My cock slipped out of her warm cunt. I was briefly hurt at the sudden loss of pleasure. She whipped around and plunged her mouth over my cock. She sucked hard as she pumped up and down my shaft. She was sucking so hard I'd swear she'd suck my cum straight from my balls. Oh god I never had a blowjob this intense. "I'm cumming!" I moaned. She pushed my cock to the back of her throat and grabbed my balls. I came. Pumping my seed into her mouth. She was sure to swallow every drop. Even after I stopped spurting cum into her beautiful mouth, she continued to suck my cock. Harder and harder she sucked. She wanted all of my cum. 

Finally I started to soften and she pulled me from her mouth just holding me in her hand. She'd give my cock a slow soft pump. 

"My god your cum tasted so good. I want more of you! Please come by my apartment tonight. I need you so badly. It's like I've never wanted anything more in my life!" She pleaded with me. 

"You had the warmest pussy I've ever had. My cock was on fire entering you. I need to taste you for myself. I'll be there. Just tell me where."

We both exchanged info and got back into our cars. My mind was reeling at the sudden realization of what just happened. And she wanted more! Who was I to deny a woman in need? I wanted everything from this woman. My cock began to throb in the seat thinking about later tonight.