 The next morning I awakened to find, of course, my dear sweet niece cuddled up next to me, naked. I quietly got out of bed and pulled on some shorts and went to the bathroom and cleaned up, then I went to the kitchen and fixed some breakfast for the two of us. Then I went and awakened her and told her breakfast was ready. I returned to the kitchen and poured myself a cup of good coffee, went outside and got my newspaper and came back and sat down to enjoy my morning. Soon Emily came in and she poured herself a cup of coffee and started eating her breakfast. She seemed pretty cheerful this morning, smiling and all. I said "Did you sleep well sweety?"

"Sure did, how about you Robert?" she answered.

"I slept better than anytime since Trish left us honey, Thanks to you! I do love you honey, you know that!" I said.

"Yep, I know Robert, and you know that I love you too. Much more than I ever thought about!" She said, then hesitated and then said "I am going to leave this morning and go see Mom and Dad and spend the night there, then tomorrow I have to head off back to school, Robert. I'm going to miss you terribly, but I will be back for Thanksgiving Day. Do you think you'll be home then?"

"I don't know honey. I haven't thought that far ahead yet. I just don't know yet." I answered.

Emily finished her breakfast and went back to her room and packed and came back out and said "Robert, can we make love before I go back? I wanted you last night, but didn't want to push you. I loved Trish too, you know." She had this sorrowful look on her face, and I almost cried. It hurt so much to just mention her name. 

"Emily, as much as I love you honey, I just can't imagine making love to anyone right now, please, let's wait until Thanksgiving and see how it goes then, OK?" I said.

She smiled a little, and I know she was hurt. She was probably pretty horny too, as I hadn't helped her any last night. But she left and came back shortly with her suitcase and set it by the front door.

I said, "Come and have another cup of coffee with me before you leave honey." She came back to the kitchen and sat down, I poured her another cup. I picked up her hand that was lying on the table and looked into her eyes and said "Emily, honey, no one has ever made me as happy as you have these last days, except Trish. I never thought anyone could replace her. But you have proven me wrong. Will you stay in touch with me while you are gone? I will be lost without you and your sweet voice." I said.

"Of course I will Robert. I wish I were free to stay right now, but the family would really freak out if I dropped out of school to stay with you!!!" Then she laughed. "Can you imagine the looks on everyone's faces if I told them that I was dropping out of school and moving in with you? God they'd all have heart attacks!!!" She was laughing pretty hard now.

"You are certainly right on that point honey!!" I said as I squeezed her hand. She finished her coffee and got up to leave. I got up and walked her to the front door where I stopped her. "Like I used to give Trish, honey" and I bent and kissed her with all the passion I could muster. I gave her all the tongue I could and held her as tight as I have ever held anyone. Oh god, I loved this girl!!!

We finally broke the kiss and she never spoke but reached for her suitcase, but I already had it. I walked her to her car and placed it in the trunk. I said to her as I opened her car door for her "If you need anything, Anything at all, don't hesitate to call me, OK? Promise?"

She kissed me on the cheek and said "Promise" and then got in her car. In moments she was going down the street, with my heart in her hands.

I slowly went beck into the house. It would be a long summer till Thanksgiving Day!

A week had passed and I was just as lost now without Emily as I was when Trish passed away. This morning I got up and nuked a cinnamon roll and made some coffee, then went out and got my newspaper. I finished my coffee and newspaper and piddled around in my garage for a while, then went out and watered the plants that I had just planted a little over a week ago.. As I was going back into the house, I heard my phone ringing. I went and answered it and this sweet vice said "Mr. Turner? This is Sandra, down at the camper sales lot. Would you like to come in today and finalize the paperwork on your new camper trailer? I am assuming you still want to purchase it, right?"

"Ah, yes I think so, and yes, I can come in today, uh ....how about if I come in at about 11:30 AM? Would that be convenient for you?" I asked.

"Well, sir, ah....yes that would be fine. I normally go to lunch at 11:30, but I can switch with one of the other salespeople and go at 12:30. I want to make it convenient for you sir!" She answered.

"OK, I'll see you at 11:30 then!" I said, and hung up the phone.

I went in and took a shower, shaved and brushed my teeth again. She did have an awfully pretty ass when I was there the other day! 

I arrived at the trailer sales lot at just about 11:25 and parked my truck and walked into the sales office. I spotted her right away and when she turned to see who had come in, she jumped to her feet and met me halfway across the floor. Shook my hand and told me to sit by her desk. Then she said "Black? I assume."

I laughed and said "Yes, that'll be wonderful!" She brought me a cup of coffee and et it down in front of me and asked "Are you doing alright now? Is this too early after....."

I interrupted her and said "No it's fine. I'm doing ok. Emily kept me pretty well mentally occupied while she was here. She is a smart girl! I miss her now too, as she is gone back to college." 

"Yes, I got that impression! She thinks you are pretty special too. I could tell that when you were here the other day. She looks up to you a lot." 

"Yes, she is my parents-in-law's ..... well...whatever...anyway ..she was their first grandchild on that side of the family, so my wife and I got to spoil her pretty good, since we didn't have any children." I said.

"OK, well, let's see, these are the forms that we have to get you to sign. Do you want to finance it through our companies or use your own bank or what?" she asked.

"I'll use my own bank. But can we take another walk through it before we get into all this paperwork? I asked.

"Sure, yes sir. Just come this way," she got up and started for a door on the side of the office. I followed her and watched her pretty ass sway. Damn that girl knew how to walk!! 

We went into the camper and I slowly took inventory of the kitchen, the furniture in the living quarters and the bedroom. She followed me all the time and explained everything to me. I laid down on the bed and checked the length of it. ( I hate for my feet to hang over the end of the bed) I said "Lie down over here and let me see how much room there is in this thing." 

She smiled, went around to the other side of the bed and smoothed out her skirt and lay down next to me. "Do you like this queen sized bed in here? It does take up a bit more room than a full size, but then, bedrooms notoriously do not have a lot of walking space in them. That's not what they are for, is it, Mr. Turner?" 

I raised up on my elbows, turned toward her and said "No it isn't, Sandra. As I looked into her eyes, I saw the willingness, the desire there. I leaned toward her and she reached for my head and we kissed, lightly at first, then as I slid my tongue across her lips and they opened, with more passion! That kiss lasted a while!! She really was a good kisser too. I loved the way she kissed, and her tongue fought a good battle too!! We broke the kiss and I raised up and said "Maybe this is a little too fast for you Sandra. I don't normally act that fast with anyone!"

"It's alright Robert, May I call you Robert? I've wanted to do that since I first saw you the other day! You are a good looking man!! But I didn't act since it was our first meeting, and you had your niece with you." She replied.

We both got up and proceeded back to the sales office. I signed all the paper work and she called the bank and they assured her that before the trailer was moved, it would be covered. (My truck still was at least a couple of days out from delivery, and the bank knew that)

Sandra walked me back to my truck and at the door, as I started to get in, she said, "Robert, would you like some company tonight? Emily told me she was leaving the other day, she stopped by on her way and asked me not to let you out of buying this trailer." She had a big smile on her face as she said it, like 'I know something you don't'!!

I said, "Well, I do hate to eat alone. Are you free for dinner? Or would you like me to take you to lunch now? Since I have changed your lunch hour?"

"How about both, can I be that bold Robert?" She asked with a smile.

"Sure, go let them know you're leaving and we'll do lunch right now!" I said. While she was gone, I thought, "Uh huh, Emily has stopped here that morning and told her to call me, the little devious devil!"

I drove her down the street to a local restaurant and we had a good lunch together. During the conversation, I just happened to mention that Emily was pretty slick to stop by and tell her to call me. Her head jerked up and she said "Was I that obvious?" 

I laughed and said, "Well, yeah, pretty obvious. But just out of curiosity, what else did she say?"

She looked at me and said "Oh just girl talk!" 

"Yeah, I'm sure it was!!" I said. (I figured that Emily had told her that I would be alone till Thanksgiving, and that I thought she had a great body)

Anyway, we had a very nice lunch and the conversation was good. Nothing like I expected, really. She dropped a couple of hints, like she needed to cut her grass as she lived alone and had no one to help her. But on the way back to the sales lot, she did just come out and ask, if we had a date for this evening. I said I thought we were on for dinner tonight. "Should I dress? Or is this a casual affair?" She asked.

"Just casual honey, I am not into those formal affairs, unless it is really necessary." I said.

I dropped her off at the lot and went home and piddled around the house for a while. Then I went out and had my truck cleaned up and the oil changed. Then I went back home and showered and changed clothes for my date for dinner with Sandra.

I was to pick her up at 6:30 PM and was I in for a surprise!! She came out dressed in a mini-skirt that was about perfect (If you want to get laid and not bother to undress). Her top was a pretty lacy white thing that showed a lot of cleavage. I planned to take her to one of my favorite restaurants. It is one of those Italian restaurants that also serve some German food too. I complimented her on her outfit as I smiled at her and she said "Not hard on the eyes, Robert?" 

"Nope, not at all!! Looks damned good to me!!! A little risky though, isn't it? With me being a single man now?" I said as I looked her over again.

"Depends on what you have in mind, kind sir!! It all depends!!" She said as she got into the truck. Which was funny too, as she had to spread her legs a good bit to get into it. Of course, she caught me enjoying that view.

We had a very fine dinner that lasted almost 2 hours with all the conversation. I also found out that she had never married, was 29 years old and was a college graduate with a major in business. Her parents were still living where they lived when she was born and she lived in an apartment downtown, which they disapproved of. They wanted her at home till she married, but she wanted independence, and privacy. She did not have a steady boyfriend. Nor did she have a girlfriend, which was unsolicited but made me stop and think...something to talk about later I guess.

When we had finished eating and went outside to get in the truck, I said "Well, it's not even 9 O'clock yet, is there anything you'd like to do?"

"Well, there is, if you are up to it! I'd like to go to a favorite place of mine and have dessert and coffee. I didn't want dessert here because I had planned to ask you to do this with me. Do you mind?" She asked.

"Not at all! I usually do a dessert, but didn't because you didn't. So yeah, where to?" I replied.

"Well, do you know the Donut Shoppe on Main Street at 8th Avenue? That's the place! They make their own pastries and I love them!!! I have a good friend that works there too!" She said.

"Oh yes, I've been in there a number of times! They do have the best pastries in town!! And some great coffee too." I said as I drove off toward the place.

We got there and went in and the young lady who waited on us recognized both of us. She said "Sandra, I didn't know you two were friends. I've seen you, sir, a lot in here!" She said.

"Oh Charlene, we just met a few days ago, I just sold him a trailer and he took me out to dinner to celebrate it! This is Robert, if you don't already know that." Sandra told her.

"Hi Robert, like I said, I've seen you in here a lot, but never introduced myself. Now I'm sorry I didn't! What would you like tonight?" She said.

"Uhhhh (I looked her up and down and she was damned fine, about 19 or 20 years old)... How about 2 of those glazed blueberry donuts and a cup of coffee for me?" I looked her in her eyes and she never blinked.

She said "Is that all? (Smirking) and how about for you Sandra?"

"I'll have a slice of the cherry cheesecake and a Mocha Latte, if you don't mind Charlene!" Sandra said.

Charlene smiled at us both, looked into my eyes and then turned and walked away. Sandra quietly said, "Well, I think you have a new admirer, Robert! She is cute, isn't she? With that low hip-hugger pair of jeans on that probably took a Caterpiller to pull them on her, not to mention the 100 pounds test line that it takes to hold the buttons over her breasts!"

I turned and looked at Sandra and said "Yeah, she is pretty hott, but a bit young for an old man like me, don't you think? I mean Emily is my granddaughter and older than her!! Did I note some sarcasm in your voice there hon?"

"No, no sarcasm, Robert. I like the way she looks! I think she is hott too. Ummmm!" She replied.

"Uhh... I think that is the second time tonight that you have dropped a hint that you also like girls. Are you trying to tell me something? Or am I reading too much into this?"

"No....yes....Oh Robert what the fuck?" She whispered. "Yes I like girls, and I love men. Does that make me a bad person to you?"

"Hell no Sandra! I believe in letting everyone do what they want to do in the privacy of their own homes, or wherever. I tried to get Trish to go for a threesome with the woman of her choice one time, but she didn't want to try it, so I dropped it!"

Charlene came back with our orders, and as she set my plate of donuts down, she again looked into my eyes and I just couldn't resist....I said "This is not my first choice for dessert tonight, but I guess it'll do!" as I looked her in her eyes. Charlene looked at us both and said "I get off at 10 O'clock tonight, if you are interested."

Sandra said, "Come back and check on our drinks in a few minutes honey, OK?" She nodded and walked away.

I looked at Sandra as if to say "What is going on here?" and she understood my look, and said "Robert, I have flirted with her for a long time. I think she is really into whatever she can get. Would you like to have a threesome tonight? You, me, and her? It might get pretty wild!! But I know your situation and I don't want to push you too fast!"

"How old is she Sandra? You obviously know her pretty good." I said.

"Ok Robert, confession time dear, I set you up for this, hoping I could fulfil a fantasy of mine. I know her, very well, she is 20 years old and she is bi-sexual and is a very good study. She'll do almost anything if it gives her pleasure. Please, let's go to one of our places and you can think about it on the way. I want you Robert, with or without her. I've wanted you since you walked on the lot the other day. And since I am confessing, Emily stopped by that morning and told me not to miss out on getting you in bed. She said you needed it and you wouldn't let her do it, so she wanted me to do it. I'm like Charlene, Robert, I'll do anything that gives me or my partner pleasure." Sandra confessed to me.

I sat there almost in shock. I knew she wanted to get laid, but I had no idea how badly. And as for Emily going to her that morning, I would get even with her for that. After I thanked her. I said, finally, "OK Sandra, does she know where you live?"

"Yes she does Robert. Are you agreeing to a threesome with her? Really??" she asked, as if surprised.

I raised my hand and Charlene came over immediately and I said "Charlene, would you like to be my midnight snack tonight...a little early maybe?" 

She looked me in the eyes and said "Whatever you want Sir, I am ready and willing." She leaned down close to whisper to me "Just make me cum as fast and hard as you can and as often as you can and I'll so anything for you!"

I whispered back to her "Why didn't you ever offer me this before?"

"Because you were always so uptight looking, tonight you are relaxed and I thought you are ready, especially since you are with Sandra. She is so good and naughty!!!"

"OK, what time can you be at her apartment?" I asked. "Do I need to stop off for some protection?"

"I'll be there at 10:50. And no. you won't need any protection honey, I like it straight and clean!"

"OK, bring me a large coffee to go, OK?" I said.

Sandra said "No playing on the way honey, and another Mocha Latte to go for me!"

Charlene whirled and went back to the counter and got our drinks and came back and I paid and left her a good tip.

Sandra and I left and drove the few minutes to her apartment and as soon as we entered, she started with the kissing and hugging, which I enjoy anyway. It didn't take long for us to be on the couch with her kneeling between my legs and rubbing my cock and licking all over it. She was definitely experienced at it. She was very good. She brought me to the edge twice and stopped before I could shoot my load down her throat. When she would stop, I would work on her tits. Damn she had a fine, beautiful pair of tits with such nice hard nipples. I pinched them and pulled on them and she would moan and smile at me and I would continue until she felt like I was ready for some more of that tongue and mouth. Finally she sucked the cum out of me!! I told her I was ready and she nodded her head and slowly swallowed it all the way down her throat and held it there and just worked her throat till I unloaded in it. Fuck!!!!!! I have never ever had anyone do that to me before!!! It was the best orgasm I had ever had in someone's mouth!!!

Then she crawled up on the couch beside me and started kissing all over my face and neck and chest and playing with my cock. She was going to get me hard again real soon!!! Meantime I was again playing with her tits and thighs and rubbing her wet pussy. It was totally shaved and just as smooth as a baby's ass. I pushed her back on the couch and she let me play for a minute and then said, "We need to move to the bedroom." So we got up and she checked the door to be sure it was unlocked. It was a few minutes after 10 by now and Charlene would be coming soon.

We both crawled up onto the bed and I started playing with her body again. She was so hot and she had such a nice body, I was really enjoying playing with her. I started kissing her face and then her neck, her chest, all around her tits but skipped over the nipples to tease her. Then I kept kissing down her body, all over her belly, her thighs and down her leg and back up the other one to her belly and back up to her breasts. She was moaning and twisting and humping thin air as I moved over her body. Finally I was licking around her tits and she started talking nasty.."Robert, you son of a bitch, chew on my nipples dammit. I am so fucking horny!!! Robert, you hear me?? Suck my tits damn you!!" So I looked down to get good aim and then as I lowered my head to her tit and sucked a nipple into my mouth, I shoved two fingers into her wet cunt! She went wild on me then! Her ass came up off the bed and she grabbed my head and pulled it tight to her breast and yelled out "OHHHHH fuck yes Robert!!! Oh gawd make me cum Robert, Please....Ohhh Robert finger me fast and deep, I'm ready honey, make me cum, please Robert, Please!!!" I released that nipple from my mouth to my hand and took the other one in my mouth and added a finger to her hot wet cunt. Working my fingers in and out of her as fast and hard as I could, her pussy was releasing fluids constantly.
