 Carrie pushed back from the desk, eyes bleary and tired. She'd spent the day working with her supervisor, Nancy, finishing end-of-month reports and logs for the small school in rural Texas – she was tired of staring at the computer screen and scratching notes with her pencil. Her mind, however, was in overdrive.

Since early that morning Robert had been going through her mind. His touch, his half-cocky smile, the way he could stare at her and make her think of the things he would be doing to her when they were alone. She'd been waiting for this day for four long weeks –the last time they'd seen each other. 

As she'd shaved her legs that morning, Carrie had thought of his hands going over them later that night. "I hope he appreciates all the hard work I put into this," she thought as she spread lotion over her smooth legs. 

Pulling her small cotton panties over her smooth hips, she thought of his hands and how they'd feel as they pulled them aside that night. A small smile played across her lips as she put on her bra. "He has no clue what's in store for him," she muttered to herself while putting on her small charcoal plaid skirt. A tight red top completed her clothes. While brushing her hair, she looked in the mirror. "I hope he likes what I'm wearing!" she murmured to no one in particular. Tights and black shoes rounded out her complete outfit. It was exactly as she'd described to him, and she hoped he'd like it. 

Carrie's mind snapped back to the present. "Let's get out of here!" Nancy exclaimed as she packed up the rest of the small pile of paperwork into her briefcase.

"Great idea!" said Carrie, knowing that it was just a matter of a few hours until she got to kiss him, feel his breath on her neck, feel his hands in her hair and on her face.

Carrie had ridden back from the small school to Nancy's house in relative silence. Aside from the small chit-chat that she and Nancy usually shared, she really hadn't spoken too much. Her mind had kept wandering to the last time they had been together, the wonderful night they had spent together after his birthday dinner. Her nipples pressed out from her body and she could feel herself getting excited, the butterflies building as she thought of the excitement that was to come later that night. It was a good thing her bra was padded.

"Here we are!" Nancy let out with a little sigh of relief as she pulled into her driveway. "The week is over!"

"Yup. Have a great weekend, Nancy. Thank you so much for the opportunity to work on this financial information. I'm really learning a lot."

"No problem. You're a quick study!" Nancy replied. "You have a great weekend, too. What are you doing, anyhow?"

"I'm headed down to Dallas to pick up Robert right now, actually. He's spending the weekend here, out at my grandparents' place."

"Oh! How fun! Have a great time! See you Monday!"

"I will. See you then." Carrie turned to walk to her Camaro, sliding into the driver's seat with a sigh. "She has no idea how much fun tonight is going to be," she thought, pulling away from Nancy's house. As she turned on to Highway 287 South to Dallas, she turned up the radio. As usual, it was the dance station from Dallas. She drummed her fingers against the steering wheel in beat with the music, singing along and turning it up when it came to a song she really loved. Carrie sped off to Dallas, ready for a wonderful evening with the man she loved...

Robert sighed to himself, looking at the clock in the bottom-right corner of his computer screen. The minutes and hours had been going by so slowly that morning. He was too excited to concentrate on his work but he knew he had to get something done. He turned back to his desk to look at the drawing that had been plaguing him for weeks. It was no use. Every time he looked at the drawing, his mind would wander – remembering her smile, the smell of her hair, the feeling of her soft skin under his hands, remembering the shadow of her touch on his body as she moved beneath him. It was too much for him, and he turned back to the computer screen.

"At least I wore jeans today," he thought as his cock struggled to make its way free of his boxers. "If I was wearing slacks today, I'd be hard-pressed to stand up and get a cup of coffee."

Robert was amazed by the effect she had on him. He'd never been with a woman who could captivate his mind and his body as she did. Even during weeks when he knew he wasn't going to see her his mind would wander to her while he was at work; this week he'd been more than distracted – today he was useless. "I'm never going to get this done," he sighed to himself. 

"What'd you say?" came an inquiry from the girl in the next cube.

"Nothing, Michelle, just thinking out loud – as usual."

"Okay!" she replied in her usual chipper manner.

Robert returned to the drawing on his computer. He was making changes on paper, then translating them onto the computer. He couldn't concentrate on any one thing for more than a few minutes, though, unless it was her, so he just gave up and started surfing the internet. A glance at the clock showed it was nearly noon. "Just a little more than an hour, my love, then I come to see you," he said to her in his mind. That hour was agonizingly slow. There was no one else in the office. It was Friday in the office, after all. He found himself thinking back to that morning.

He had woken up, as usual, to the sound of his phone ringing. He loved the way she called him in the mornings. There really was nothing better to him than waking up to the sound of his siren's voice. They'd chatted for a while, both of them excited to hear one another's voice in the morning. "See you later!" they'd both hurried to say, giggling to one another over the phone. "We always get excited about saying that," he remembered with a smile. The days when one flew to see the other were always exciting, and they had little things they said to celebrate them.

He'd rolled out of bed, thinking longingly back to the last time she'd been in his bed and the incredible night they'd shared. She'd been insatiable that night, wanting to go again and again, making him feel like an incredible lover. He wondered if she'd ever been like that before. She said she rarely got into that kind of mood, and he was grateful he'd been there to experience it.

As he showered, he thought of the things they might do on this trip. He knew about the movie and the symphony, but he was really hoping they'd get to spend some time alone. The last trip down there hadn't been the greatest, and he was ready to have to some fun in the great state of Texas. Robert hoped they would get to have some fun on the drive back to her hometown, but he never expected what would happen later on that night.

Robert got out of the shower and toweled himself dry. As he went into the bedroom, he pulled on his light red plaid boxers, his lucky ones, and smiled to himself. He drew a white undershirt over his head, a 'wife-beater' as she had always jokingly referred to it. He pulled on his jeans and went back into the bathroom to shave and brush his teeth. Robert shaved with precision that morning – he knew that his whiskers could hurt the soft skin on Carrie's neck. 

After brushing his teeth, Robert went back into the bedroom to put on his red polo shirt. It was his standard Friday garb during football season. His black Doc Martin steel-toed shoes felt heavy on his feet like they always did after he laced them up. 

He went back to the bathroom, threw some gel in his hair, and went back to the bedroom to turn off the lights. He looked around to make sure he had everything he needed for his trip. As he put the last of his toiletries into his suitcase, Robert smiled to himself. "This is it! I get to go see her!" He went around the house, turning off lights, changing the thermostat, and locking up. Soon he was ready to go. 

"Hey, aren't you supposed to be gone by now?" Michelle asked him. 

Robert woke up from his daydream. "Shit!" he shouted under his breath. It was 1:00, and he was supposed to be gone already. "Thanks!" he yelled back over his shoulder as he went out the door. 

"Have a great weekend!" Michelle yelled back to him, giving a wink to another girl in the office. "That girl must be special," she thought to herself. "He sure does seem smitten with her."

Robert ran down the stairs and hopped into his car. The engine roared to life as he turned the key. He backed out of the parking lot and lit out down the road, his exhaust pipes roaring. His pulse was racing as he tore down the highway. He was on his way to see her!

Carrie pulled onto I-35, merging with traffic like an old pro. Her mind had wandered the entire time she was driving to Dallas. She kept thinking of how much she wanted to make him happy this weekend. She certainly thought that the ride home could make his weekend in the first few hours if everything went to plan. 

She looked up, seeing the sign for DFW. Carrie merged into the traffic full of shuttle buses, harried travelers, businessmen, and other people on their ways to pick up loved ones. Suddenly, the Nokia theme burst out in the cabin of the car. She picked up the phone and looked at the number. "Robert Cell"

Her heart leapt! He had already landed! "Hi shnookie pookie!" she called out to him.

"Hi honey!" he called right back. "I'm at gate A24. Where are you?"

"I'm just pulling in to the airport, schnookums! I'll be there in a sec!"

"Okay, waiting here with bated breath!...Oh! I see you!"

"Where are you?"

"Up ahead of you, about 100 yards up."

"Ok. Bye!"

"Bye!"

Carrie spotted him up ahead, standing by himself under the yellowish lights. Robert looked just as she'd remembered, only his hair was a touch shorter. He was wearing an outfit she'd seen him in before, one she liked. She could hardly wait to get her hands on him. Carrie pulled up to the curb and put the car in park.

Robert's heart went up in his throat as he saw her pull up. Carrie got out of the Camaro, coming around the back to open the hatch for his suitcase. She was even more beautiful than he remembered – her creamy skin, piercing eyes, and amazingly naturally colored hair riveted him to the spot. He noticed she was wearing exactly what she'd told him she'd be wearing. She was right, the outfit was wonderful. He couldn't wait to get his hands on her. Her legs looked amazing in the tights, and he couldn't believe the way her shirt and bra accentuated her natural curves. He had to have her.

Robert stood his suitcase up at the back of her car and stopped her from opening the hatch. "Wait," he said. She looked up into his eyes and then moved towards him. They kissed, each experiencing a bit of release from reality in the kiss. Robert moved his hands up to cradle her face, moving them slowly up her body and finally cupping her jaw with his hands. He slid them to the back of her neck, pulling her closer to him, pressing his lips against hers, feeling her tongue probe his mouth. He was in ecstasy.

Carrie pressed her body against him, loving the feel of it against hers. She could feel the warmth radiating from his body and he caressed her neck and now her body with his hands. She moved her hands up his body, pausing to rest them for a moment on chest. She then gently pushed him back, making him look at her with a slightly hurt look.

"Just wait. We have the whole weekend ahead of us," she said.

With that, Carrie turned her head up, gave him a quick kiss, threw his suitcase in the back of the car, then kissed him again, softly, then parted quickly and told him to get in the car.

Robert opened the car door and sat down with a glazed look in his eyes. Carrie got in and leaned over the center console to kiss him again. Robert turned and kissed her, first moving his hand to the back of her head, then bringing it back down to rub the back of her left leg, sliding it up to cup her ass. Carrie gasped as if in shock, but this was just what she wanted. She let him wander with his hands a little more, enjoying the feel of them on her body. She drew back just a little, looked Robert in the eye, and said, "Hold on there! We have a long drive ahead. Let's not get too worked up!"

Robert drew back and sat back in his seat. "Of course she's right," he thought, but he still didn't want that kiss to end. The feel of her firm skin under his hands had only helped to work him into a frenzy. This was going to be a long ride back.

Carrie smiled to herself as she pulled away from the curb. "I've got him right where I want him," she thought.

They chit-chatted about the usual stuff on the first part of the drive – how their respective days went, what the weather was going to be like, what they'd be doing over the course of the weekend besides sex.

Robert began to relax and sink into his seat. The long drive let his mind wander, and he started dreaming about some of the fantasies he sometimes thought of when he lay in bed at night. Carrie on top of him in his bed. Carrie moving against them as they made love on the beach. Carrie giving him head while he drove the car. Carrie jumping him in the back seat of a car.

A sudden sharp corner startled him from his dreaming. He looked around and noticed that it was quite dark out and he could see stars through the t-tops in Carrie's car. He also noticed that his hand was on Carrie's thigh. Her wonderfully soft thigh. Her thigh covered in black tights! He could feel himself getting excited as he thought about what lay inches from his hands. Robert began to move his hand rhythmically along her thigh, tracing his way up and down it, never too high, never straying too far under Carrie's skirt. After a few minutes of this, he grew a little bolder and decided to see how far up her tights went. He could feel her heat radiating on his hand as he moved to the point where he touched the flesh of her leg. "My god, she's hot," he thought to himself. Aside from that, she wasn't stopping him. Robert grew ever bolder, and willed himself to touch her panties.

Carrie smiled to herself even as the butterflies rose in her belly. This was exactly what she had hoped for. She could feel Robert's hand starting to trace its way along her leg again, then slide back up it to her center. God, she couldn't wait to have him inside her! She suddenly felt Robert slide her little cotton panties to the side and begin to play with her with his fingers. She was shocked that he would go so far, but there was no way she was going to stop him. 

Robert smiled to himself as he played with Carrie. He could feel the heat and wetness and knew she was thinking the same thing he was. He wasn't too shocked when Carrie headed for the next off-ramp. She pulled off the main highway, then proceeded to drive out into the country, out into what seemed to be a maze of dirt roads. 

"Do you know where you're going?" Robert asked.

"Of course I do! I grew up here, didn't I?"

Robert shrugged, thinking more of what might be to come. 

Carrie pulled off to the side of the road and parked, shutting off the car and moving her hand from the ignition to Robert's thigh. She gasped when she ran her hand up his leg and felt him throbbing against the material of his jeans. She practically jumped across the seat in her desire to kiss him!

Their lips finally met, pushing against one another as their hands roamed one another's body. Carrie felt his sharp intake of breath as she brushed his penis through his jeans again and again while exploring his body. Robert could hear from Carrie's moans that she enjoyed the feeling of his hands against her breasts, the feeling of his fingers as they danced across her pelvis. 

Carrie shifted subtly in her seat, shrugging off her seat belt in the process. Robert had lost his long ago. She used the new found freedom to face Robert completely, kissing him deeply as each tongue danced in the other's mouth. 

Her hands roamed across his neck and chest, occasionally rubbing his cock through his pants. Her kisses trailed down his neck as she nibbled and sucked on it, making him gasp. Her hands worked at his belt buckle as he pushed her gently backward to get a better angle at her neck. He kissed her deeply, then moved down to the crook of her neck, kissing and licking her there like he knew she enjoyed. His hands roamed over her breasts and though her hair. Her moans and sighs of desire only increased his heartbeat as her hands found their way past his buckle and through his pants. She had unzipped him and his penis was free to the air in the car. 

Robert began to move his hands down her belly to her soft, moist center. Carrie held her breath in anticipation as her pushed her panties to the side. Slowly he slid one finger inside her, marveling at how slick she was, how hot to the touch. Carrie moved her hips back and forth against his finger as she began to gently stroke Robert's cock. They stayed this way for a few minutes, their haggard breathing the only sound filling the car. 

Suddenly she sat back. "This isn't going to work," she said.

"What???" Robert exclaimed.

Carrie opened the door and walked around to the other side of the car. When Robert realized that she meant to get in on his side he quickly pushed his pants to his ankles with his shoes still on. He leaned his seat all the way back, allowing Carrie room to maneuver. Carrie leaned in over him.

"Sit still," she said softly.

"Yes, ma'am," he replied, eliciting a soft laugh from her.

Carrie slowly threw her right leg over the passenger's seat, placing her foot behind the seat. She then moved in and put her left foot behind the seat, also, straddling both Robert and the seat, almost as if she was hugging the seat with her legs. Robert leaned forward to pull the door closed, and it shut with a soft click. Carrie reached down between their bodies and pulled her panties to the side. Robert held his cock in place as she slowly lowered herself onto him, enjoying the fullness she gave him. Both lovers drew in their breath as she slid further onto his cock, the sensations driving them wild. When Carrie reached the bottom of him, they both let out a long sigh of pleasure.

She slowly began to rock back on forth on his cock, not truly riding up and down on him, but rubbing him all over her insides. The sensations she experienced were incredible. Robert pulled her towards him and buried his face in her neck, one hand behind her head, the other grasping at her ass as it slid back and forth across his lap. Robert could hear her breathing become labored as he nibbled and sucked on her neck. 

Carrie rocked harder and harder against his cock, using it to bring both of them pleasure. Her face was wrenched in a mixture of pleasure and pain. Her breathing was becoming more labored as Robert began to use both his hands to move her ass back and forth against his cock. He could tell by the way she moaned and tensed against him that she was ready to come. The sensation of her gripping his cock was too much for him, and he let go in a burst, moaning loudly, and gasping out, "I love you!"

Carrie began to buck on top of him, writhing in the throes of an orgasm. Her entire body tensed as she held onto Robert tightly. She whispered back to him, "I love you, too."

They both sat there, Robert still inside her, for several minutes as they gathered their breath and gently kissed one another. "I missed you," Carrie whispered after a few minutes.

"I missed you, too" Robert whispered back. 

Carrie gently leaned back to open the door. As she slowly moved off of Robert, his cock slid out of her. They both felt a sense of loss as their connection was ended. As she walked to the other side of the car, Robert pulled up his pants and tucked in his shirt. Carrie smoothed her clothes as she walked around. She slid into the driver's seat and started the car. 
