 My name is Rob Anthony and I live in Pismo Beach, California. I've been retired a few years and keep myself busy with exercise and adventure. I belong to a walking club, ride my bike and travel with a twenty-five-foot trailer.

Traveling around Northern California and Southern Oregon have brought with it many memorable outings with my lady friends and a few wild encounters with fellow campers. On a recent trip up to Morro Bay, I encountered a couple of mature ladies who rocked my world. Helen and Harriet were staying at the Morro Dune RV Park with their husbands. Both have huge, luxurious fifth-wheel trailers. Their husbands loved to fish and drink. They abandoned their spouses for the entire day to cast their fishing lines.

I was walking the grounds at the RV park when the ladies spotted me and invited me over for coffee. We introduced ourselves and enjoyed a lovely conversation under the warm sun. Both ladies were wearing revealing halter tops that worked overtime to contain their large breasts. Being a confirmed boob man, I stuck around for quite a while enjoying their company.

Harriet excused herself to tidy up her rig and Helen asked for my assistance to repair a leaky shower nozzle. I made short order with the repair, however, in testing the shower head, my shorts got soaked. Helen surprised me by removing my shorts and grabbing hold of my firm cock. That afternoon was filled with blowjobs, pussy eating and a threesome that included Harriet. I plan to enjoy the RV lifestyle for many years to come.

I mentioned my walking club. It just so happens that my number one lady friend, Catherine and I just finished walking a 5K with a group of twenty or so fellow walkers right here in Pismo Beach. The route took us along the Arroyo Grande Creek and is the very same route where Catherine and I met last year. In fact, we just celebrated our one-year anniversary a couple of weeks ago.

After a group walk, several club members gather for a light snack at a nearby restaurant. Tonight, is no different. Catherine and I sit together with six other folks at the local Applebee's. As I peruse the menu, I find it difficult to read the small print. I hold the menu close to my face and move it around so more light is focused on the page.

Catherine leans over and whispers, "Rob, are you OK? Are you having trouble seeing?"

I respond, "No, I'm good. In fact, I can see your sparkling blue eyes just fine. Do you know how lovely you are?"

"That's not what I mean but thank you for the compliment. Are you having a difficult time reading the menu?"

I glance between the menu and Catherine, "It's just the small print is a little challenging tonight. Don't worry, I have my annual eye checkup tomorrow with Dr. Wang."

Catherine bursts out laughing and the other guests sitting at our table look up. She covers her mouth to contain her smile.

"What? What's so funny?"

"You said 'Dr. Wang'. Now come on, that isn't his real name. You're just trying to get me thinking about your wang. Well, you don't have to do that, I constantly think about your big, hard cock, or wang, as the case might be."

"Shush Catherine, the others might hear you. Really, that's my eye doctor's real name. Dr. Phillip Wang. He's a very competent optometrist and I've been seeing him for more than ten years."

Catherine whispers in my ear, "Tonight, I'm going to suck on your seven-inch wang until you cum down my throat. And you better have enough left over to bend me over the couch and take me from behind."

My cock begins to lengthen with Catherine's words, so I concentrate on the menu and my selection for dinner. Catherine smiles and rubs her leg up against mine. Finally, our waiter appears and takes our orders. Our congenial group talks all through dinner, swapping stories about vacations, outings and other activities that retired people enjoy.

After dinner, I invite Catherine back to my place where we share a night of passion. She made good on her promise to suck my cock until I blasted several ropes of cum into her mouth. As always, she slurped all my man juice down her throat. After a short respite, I was able to muster up another stiff boner for my love.

Catherine bent over the sidearm of my couch while I fucked her sweet pussy until she enjoyed a massive orgasm. She always cums hard when she is in her favorite position. It helps when I gently probe her little starfish with my thumb while we make love. Catherine loves to have both holes filled. She couldn't spend the night with me but wished me luck for my encounter with the infamous Dr. Wang.

My eye appointment is in the afternoon on Thursday. I keep busy with chores and cleaning the house until I need to leave. As I clean the family room, I keep looking at the side of my couch where Catherine was bent over last night. I can still picture her round ass held high for my eyes... her tasty shaved pussy and hard clit... her huge Double-D breasts hanging down as she waited to be impaled by my stiff shaft. It's a picture that I keep in my brain throughout the day.

At precisely 2:00 PM, I walk through the door at Dr. Wang's office. The small room is crowded with four other people sitting in chairs. There is a pretty blonde lady sitting behind the reception counter, I've never seen her before. She greets me with a sparkling smile, ruby red lips and gorgeous brown eyes.

"May I help you?"

I refocus my brain, "Yes. Hi. I'm Rob Anthony, here for my 2:15 appointment."

"Right. Good afternoon Mr. Anthony, I'm Donna. I'm Dr. Wang's new assistant, I've been working here a little over three months and I'm still learning the system. I hope you'll bear with me."

"Well certainly, I will. Welcome to the neighborhood, I've been seeing Dr. Wang for nearly ten years now. So, I assume you have replaced Mrs. Gadby? Did she finally retire? I believe she worked here for over forty years."

Donna smiles as she checks her computer screen. She is dressed in a rather conservative navy-blue dress with gold piping. The neckline is scooped, but not low enough to show any cleavage, although she seems to be well endowed.

Donna speaks while she enters information into the computer, "Yes, I am her replacement. She did retire just after I arrived. Mrs. Gadby was so nice to me and took me under her wing for the couple of weeks I trained with her. Apparently, she was somewhat of an institution around here. The patients have all been telling me that I have some big shoes to fill. I promise I'll do my best to fill them."

Big shoes are not the only thing Donna needs to fill. Mrs. Gadby has some of the biggest tits I've ever encountered. Big, soft, cushiony breasts that she would rub against me. She was the biggest flirt and was always whispering sexy innuendoes into my ear as she prepared my eye exams. She ran the machine that tests peripheral vision by flashing tiny dots all over the screen. The idea is to look straight ahead and push a button each time you see a light flash.

Even though Mrs. Gadby was a good ten years older than me, she acted like a randy teen. Once I was situated at the testing machine, she would press her enormous boobs into my back and tell me to press the button each time I see the light. But, she said, if I see a naked picture of her on the screen, don't press the button. I would always respond that If I see a naked picture of her on the screen, I couldn't be held responsible for what I might do. I'd tell her that I would ravish her on the spot and then take her to dinner afterwards.

That comment always made her chuckle. I'm sure if I ever did see Mrs. Gadby naked, those giant boobs would probably be sagging all the way down to her belly button and they would wrap completely around my head. I would be in boob heaven and pay tribute to her glorious nipples. It certainly was fun to imagine.

As I gaze at Donna, I believe she just might be able to do justice to good old Mrs. Gadby. Donna looks up and nearly catches me staring at her large breasts.

"There we go, I've just updated your information Mr. Anthony. Please take a seat and the doctor will be with you shortly. I'm sorry, he is running a bit behind, but help yourself to the magazine rack and there is water in the cooler by the door."

"No worries, Donna. And please call me Rob."

I take a seat and peruse the room. The other patients all seem to be around my age. I suppose at this time of day, most are retired folks seeing the good doctor before school and work let out. I close my eyes and daydream about Catherine and last night. My eyelids feel extremely heavy and I am totally relaxed.

It's not long before I hear Donna call out my name and ask me to join her at the testing machine. I walk to the back where the peripheral machine is located and see Donna. She has changed into a pink nurse's dress that has a zipper all the way down the front. The zipper is open to mid-chest level and I see nice deep cleavage, created by Donna's big boobs. She guides me into a back office that I have never seen before.

I question her, "What about the peripheral testing?"

"Oh Rob, we have some new procedures that Dr. Wang has created to test your vision, and I'm in charge of this portion. Please take your seat in the exam chair and we'll get started."

I sit down, and Donna swings a big apparatus around for me to look through.

"Rob, press your eyes against the lens and tell me what you see."

I move up to the machine and peer through the lens. Everything is blurry, I can't see a thing.

"Donna, everything is blurry. Am I supposed to see something?"

Donna makes a few adjustments on a control panel and now everything comes into focus.

"How is it now, Rob?"

"I can see clearly now."

"Can you read the letters at the top of the wall?"

"E-G-D-F-C"

"Very good. Now let's begin the exam."

Donna moves to the back wall and stands just below the image of the letters I just read aloud. She grabs the zipper on the front of her pink dress and pulls it all the way down. Her dress slithers to the floor and she stands before me in a yellow lace brassier and thong.

"Donna, what are you doing? I can't believe Dr. Wang approved this?"

Donna moves her finger to her lips to hush me, "Shhhh, yes he has and please follow my directions."

I stare at her amazing body and guess that she must be in her mid-thirties. Her stomach is taut, and her tits threaten to spill out of her bra.

"Rob, can you see the cups of my brassier?"

"Oh yes."

"Can you describe them?"

"They are yellow lace and quite large."

"OK, good. And can you describe my thong?"

"It appears to be yellow satin, and very thin. You are showing quite the camel toe right now." 

"Oh my, your vision is quite good"

Donna reaches around her back and unsnaps the lace bra. Her tits spring free as she tosses her bra aside. I feel my cock begin to harden as I stare at Donna's perfect body. Her breasts are large and oh so round. They sit high on her chest without any hint of sag. She must be somewhere around a C or D cup. Her nipples are erect and are centered within very large areole that cap the ends of her tits. Donna's hips are quite curvy. Her infectious smile stares right back at me. Donna grabs her left breast and squeezes her flesh.

"OK Rob, which boob am I holding?"

"It's your left breast."

"Very good."

Donna grabs her right breast and squeezes it.

"Now, which one am I holding?"

"Your right one. Say, just what kind of an exam is this?"

Donna holds up both of her breasts at the same time.

"What color are my nipples?"

"They appear to be a peach color, or just slightly dark pinkish."

"Very good Rob. I believe your focus is spot on."

Donna grabs the thin straps of her thong and pushes it down her long legs. 

"Now what color is my pubic hair?"

"There is no color, you are completely shaved."

Donna laughs, "Yes, it was a trick question. Can you see my clit? It's hard and my pussy is wet. I'm proud of you, you passed this part of the exam. Your eyes seem to be focusing on just the right items. I imagine your eyes are 20/20, but we'll let the doctor determine that. I'm more concerned with is how your cock is responding to the examination."

Donna walks over to me and swings the eye exam apparatus to the side. She looks right at me and presses her lips to mine. I react and kiss her lips, pushing my tongue into her mouth. I reach up and fondle her big tits. I pull on her erect nipples and lift each boob slightly.

"Mmm, that feels good Rob. But this is your exam, not mine. So, how is this cock responding? Are you hard yet? I have some special drops designed to dilate your shaft, much like the drops that dilate your eyes."

Donna moves away from me and her nipples slip from my fingers. She retrieves a tube of lube and a ruler from a nearby cupboard.

"OK Rob, please stand up for a moment and drop your shorts. Let me see that cock of yours."

I do as I'm told, even though I doubt that Dr. Wang has approved any of this. Donna kneels to get close to my cock. I'm semi-erect and getting harder by the second. She pours some lube into her palm and inspects the lotion.

I comment, "Donna, that looks like ordinary cherry lube to me."

"It is, but there are some added ingredients that will help dilate your shaft. I need to see just how long you are."

Donna moves her hand to my cock and wraps her fingers around my shaft. She covers my skin with lube and proceeds to jack me off. I inflate within her grip and now sport a thick hard-on. She lifts the ruler up to my shaft and places it against my groin.

"Wow, seven and a half inches. Very impressive Rob. And so hard, I'm going to love sucking this magic wand."

Donna puts the ruler down and grabs my shaft with both hands. She twists each hand in opposite directions as she moves her hands up and down my shaft. The feeling is out of this world.

"This is called the tornado rub. It's designed to get you off quickly. But, it's not fast enough for me. I need to taste this cock."

Donna dips her head and sucks my cock deep into her mouth. She takes a good five inches in one swoop. Her mouth is hot and wet and driving me towards a fabulous orgasm. She sucks on my spongy glans and uses her teeth to lightly scrape the skin. I nearly jump out of the chair.

"Mmm, you taste good, such a beautiful cock."

Donna slides her hand back and forth along my shaft as she bobs her head up and down. The combined action has me on the verge.

"Gawd Donna, this is so freaking good, you give the best exams. But I want to feel your pussy around my cock. Can we please fuck?"

"Gee Rob, I don't usually do that with my patients. But I love your cock, you are special"

With that, Donna pushes me back into the chair and climbs on. She spreads her legs around me. She uses her fingers to spread her smooth pussy lips and open her gash for me. Juices drip down her thighs as she prepares to mount me. Her huge tits are so close to my eyes, her erect nipples poke out seductively.

"Hold your cock up for me Rob."

Donna lowers herself onto my seven-inch pole. Her inner labia wrap around my shaft with a tight grip. She is so wet and so hot. I can't believe we are joined together, it is such a sublime feeling. Donna slides up and down my cock, massaging my erection. Her tits smash against my face. I latch onto her right nipple and suckle her as she rides me. I am moments away from spraying her inner core with my cum.

"Gawd Donna, you feel so good. I want to this exam to last forever. Your pussy is so hot."

"Your cock fills me up. Did Mrs. Gadby make your cock feel this good?"

"I never had the pleasure to make love with her. I wish I did."

"My secret lube is working overtime, your cock is so dilated, so hard, so fucking good. Fill my cunt with your jizz, give me all you have."

Donna squeezes her pussy muscles around my shaft as she presses down hard and grinds her sex into me. This move sends me over the edge and I erupt with a geyser of semen that fills Donna to the brim. I feel several bursts of cum travel up my shaft and into Donna's cunt. Our combined juices flow all around our skin. My head spins as my orgasm surges through my body. Donna holds me tight, mashing her wonderful tits into my chest and keeps me pushed against the examination chair. My eyes blur as my shaft softens and slowly slides out of Donna's wet labia.

"Oh, gawd Rob, you are fantastic, and your vision is perfect. I can't wait for us to test you again. Maybe we can schedule you for quarterly appointments from now on. I will take personal responsibility for your eyes."

Donna lays her head on my shoulder and I close my eyes as we cool down.

Moments later I feel a tap on my shoulder and then a gentle tug. I open my eyes and see an empty waiting room with Donna looking at me. She is wearing her blue and gold dress and I am completely disoriented. I snap out of my dream state and feel a sticky wetness in my boxers.

"Mr. Anthony, Mr. Anthony are you OK. I think you may have dosed off while you were waiting. It's alright, the doctor will see you now."