 1 -- Summer job

Pastor Young posted summer jobs in the gathering place hallway, like he did every year the last week of classes. One of the quickest to go was to babysit the Pastor's own son, Robbie, an adult man that, though in his early 30s, is mentally retarded and acts like an adolescent, and thus requires constant supervision.

Jessica heard the other girls teasing each other over who was going to get that sweet job, 'cause it was one of the highest paying ones, and a cush job considering all you had to do was hang out at the Pastor's house and watch TV, swim in their pool, and get a sun tan. Or so they thought.

Other rumors went around. Girls giggled while telling it, that the Pastor only wants girls who are of legal age. He wants his son to experience a girl friend. According to the rumor-tellers, some doctor thought that would normalize him, or else calm him down. How he got calmed down, was a subject of sordid debate.

2 -- Angling for the job

Jessica, a soon-to-be-graduated high school senior, bent to the mirror in the girls' bathroom one last time, fixing her lipstick. She puckered her lips, and licked them, admiring the glossy, fleshy-colored yumminess of Lush Melon. It was a sexy contrast to her pale skin. She pulled her long, copper/blond mixed hair out of the scrunchie and let it fall in sexy waves onto her shoulders. She wore skin-tight, low-rise jeans, and a tight-fitting rib tank, no bra. It made her 36-B tits seem bustier with deep cleavage, and, as it did right now, usually aroused her nipples, which is why she also covered herself with a zip-down, hoodie with her school's purple & yellow logo on the front. She would unzip it at the appropriate time, if needed. Peeking out of the top rear of her jeans, was a shiny, pink thong, that would let anyone see half her ass if she bent down or over. Typical weekend wear, it was against most of the school's dress codes, so she needed to move fast. Study hall was halfway through, the clock ticking.

<knock knock>

"Come in", grunted Pastor Young, his eyes scanning a piece of paper on his desk as he sat, stooped over the document. "Ah, Jessica, so nice to see you."

Jessica was absolutely confident that this middle-aged Pastor was counting his lucky stars that she just walked in, looking hot and all.

"You wanted to talk to me about college?" asked the Pastor, sitting back in his chair now, removing his glasses.

Jessica stood in front of his desk, but didn't sit, preferring to allow the Pastor to drink in her young, fit body. She looked to the side, absent-minded like, and brushed her hair with her fingers, elbows high, giving him a good show.

I wonder if Mrs. Pastor Young ever looked this hot. Maybe decades ago, not sure, she thought.

"Not exactly, Pastor."

"Please, call me Rick."

"Okay, Rick." Jessica shut the door behind her and then walked toward him, to the low book case along the right side of his desk. She leaned forward on it, her tight ass pushed out into the air behind her, then looked up at him, propping her head up with her chin on her hands. She felt cool air on the top half of her ass, and knew her thong, and maybe more, was showing. "I need a job this summer, before I go away to college." Jessica lifted her upper body off the bookshelf, stretching her slender arms high over her head. Her hoodie lifted up in front, showing her belly button. "Can you help me with that?"

"Well...ehem...let me think about that", stammered the Pastor, clearly disconcerted by her young, tight body on display for him in a private show.

She followed his gaze back down to her young, flat belly, and allowed herself to blush while demurely pulling down her hoodie to cover up. She then lifted herself onto the book case, sitting, and, feeling warm, unzipped her hoodie and let it fall back off her shoulders and down her arms a bit. Looking up at him, with her head tilted tilted downward, " I think I would be perfect for your Robbie."

The Pastor's mouth suddenly went bone dry and his crotch went bone hard. Before he was done licking his lips to respond, Jessica continued, "I really want that job, Pastor Young...uhh..Rick. I've had many babysitting jobs, even some autistic kids." This last part she said quite enthusiastically and smiled innocently.

Pastor Rick couldn't help looking down and soaking in her small budding, rosy nipples through her nearly sheer tank top she was wearing as she leaned forward toward him, reaching for a picture of Robbie on his desk. They pointed outwards, stiff yet bouncing slightly with her movements keeping his eyes transfixed.

Pastor Young shifted in his chair, his eyes involuntarily darting from her chest to her eyes.

Jessica knew she had him.

"Jessica, three other girls already left me voicemails asking for it. What makes you more qualified than them?"

Jessica went all-in. She made a show of pulling the sleeves of her hoodie off of each of her arms, keeping her back arched, and rib tee straining to hold back her bosom and twin pokies. "Well, as I said, I am eighteen." Arms free, she raised both her arms above her head and swept her hair in several broad strokes behind her back in a loose pony tail, taking extra time to make it. Satisfied her chest was no longer obscured from Pastor Young's eyes, she looked him in the eyes again and said, "I'm also an experienced baby-sitter and know...CPR..." Her voice trailed off as she looked down at her sandals, the last word just barely audible above the fan on his desk. Her bet committed, she lifted her head, slightly, and looked up at him, expectant. She noted that he was ogling her eighteen-year-old body...especially her perky boobs...sizing her up, even. It made her suddenly hot and she absentmindedly crossed her arms over her nipples which were twinging with excitement.

Let him look. A rare thrill for him, I'm sure. She looked down to the floor, and forced herself to release her arms back to her sides. Then, leaning back on the book case, her boobs now on full display, underneath her sheer rib top, nipples pointing up toward the dusty ceiling panels, she looked at him intently, studying his face for any sign of progress. Probably wondering if I'd make good summer girlfriend for his man-boy of a son. If he looks anything like the dad, then I'll be a very happy girl.

The Pastor went very quiet and licked his lips. Shifting again in his chair, he reached for a glass of water on his desk, focusing intently on drinking it and not looking at her. Beads of sweat showed on his brow.

Raising the bet, Jessica added, "I could teach him swimming lessons."

The Pastor choked on his water and spilled a bunch on his shirt. "He does need lessons. You're qualified to do that?"

Jessica jumped off the book case and eagerly answered, "I've got my lifeguarding certification. Did it over the winter. Figured it might get me a job." She emphasized this point by bending toward him, getting close enough so he could smell her lightly-perfumed hair, her cute button nose inches from his face, while he had a nice view of her cleavage, her nipples quivering. Her eyes were all hopeful expectancy.

Lowering his eyes to her chest, Rick muttered, "Qualified...swimming....lifeguard...".

"Are you okay...Rick?" asked Jessica, all innocence. She moved her face down into his view.

Snapping his eyes from her pointy nipples, he finished the glass of water, repositioned in his seat, and grabbed onto both arms of the chair. "Young lady, I'd like to see your certification before considering you. Do you have it with you?"

Smiling and full of good intentions, Jessica replied, "I could bring it over after school...and..." her eyes rolled around thinking, biting her bottom lip, "...and I could give him his first lesson. You know. To show you."

Pastor Young's face went momentarily pale, then blushed. His woody ached in his pants thinking about this girl coming over and swimming around with his son...in a bathing suit. Seeming to think out loud, the Pastor mumbled, "After school...Patti has her meeting tonight...Robbie swim lesson..." Feeling sudden guilt at the immoral thoughts in his mind, he cleared it, then looked back at her, purposefully.

On the other side of the desk, Jessica thought to herself, not without a bit of naughty desire, No doubt he's imagining me sunbathing next to his pool. Going topless to avoid tan lines, me asking him to put lotion on me. She smiled.

He picked up a pen off his desk and bounced it off his lower lip. Keeping still, he ogled her body one more time before saying, "Okay Miss Reims, I'll give you a shot at this. If Robbie likes you ,and, you show me your lifeguard certificate, and, agree to give him lessons the whole summer..." he emphasized 'whole', "...the job is yours."

"Yes!" exclaimed Robbie's newest babysitter-to-be. Thrilled with the news, she forgot herself and hugged Pastor Young tightly, inadvertently cradling his head to her chest, giving him a feel of her hardened nubs, scratching against his cheeks. "Thank you thank you thank you! I won't let you, or Robbie down, I promise." Jess stepped away from the Pastor and headed for the door.

"Okay, okay. See you after school...", he paused and looked her up and down before continuing, "...and be prepared to teach some swimming."

3 -- Jessica arrives

Jessica's older sister dropped her off in front of Pastor Young's house. Before driving off, her sister shouted out the window, "have fun teaching the tard!". Jessica, carrying a gym back in one hand, replied by turning her upper body and flipping sis the bird.

Turning back to the front door, she heard the sound of splashing coming from behind the house, then the door opening. Embarrassed, though she couldn't figure out why she should be, Jessica blushed, and lowered her chin as Mrs. Young, car keys, tennis racquet, and tote bag in-hand, clearly was surprised to see her.

"Oh" was all Mrs. Young said as she held the door behind her for Jessica to enter. "Be back late tonight!" she shouted back through the open door, then rushed to her car and backed out of the driveway, clearly late for a tennis match or something.

Jessica entered, unannounced, and walked into the house to the rear where the kitchen was. A large window over the sink displayed the pool and backyard, with her new ward splashing around in the pool wearing floaties. The ridiculous sight made her giggle, muttering, "mother fucker" under her breath.

"Oh hi Jessica." The cheery voice belonged to the leering male, walking barefoot out of the bathroom, dripping water from a wet bathing suit. She couldn't help peering down to try to see his package, and was rewarded with an outline of a meaty lump pointing down the right side of his shorts.

"Hi Pastor Young.", Jessica replied sweetly.

"You're not dressed to swim?", asked the Pastor. "And call me Rick, remember?" He walked to the fridge and pulled out a beer, then turned his head. "Want one?"

"Yes, please", squeeked the strawberry-blonde, young beauty.

Rick popped them open and handed her a bottle, then looked out the window, with some concern on his face. "He's out there having a good time, but still looks very lonely."

"Well that's why I'm here, right?", asked the young, perky sitter and swim instructor.

Rick seemed to snap out of his thoughts and turned toward Jessica with the warmest smile, looking her top to bottom as if for the first time. "Yes...yes indeed. Did you bring something to swim in?"

A mischievous grin on her face, Jessica put down the bottle and opened her gym back on the island top. She fished out tiny, white bikini bottoms and then a string top, and dropped them onto the countertop and looked for his reaction.

His eyes nearly bugged out of his face, with a noticeable lump in his throat.

"Want me to put it on?" asked the young sitter, biting her lower lip in full mischief.

Not able to muster his voice to answer, Pastor Young nodded toward the half-bath, visible just in the hallway back toward the front door.

Jessica picked up her string bikini in her fingers, teasingly letting it dangle as she walked to the bathroom. She looked back and flashed a big smile knowing he was going to enjoy this.

She knocked the light on and closed the door, but not all the way. Speaking out of the 3+ inch crack in the door, she got his attention by asking, "has Robbie had any swimming lessons at all, Rick?"

Pastor Young was still getting over watching Jessica's swaying ass, biking dangling in her fingers and was staring in awe at the bathroom where he could clearly see enough of her through the crack in the door to get him hard as she dropped her shorts and stood in pink, cotton panties. She was looking at herself in the mirror as she played with her hair when she startled him with her question.

"Uh, no, I mean yes." he stammered.

Her smile was visible. "Is it yes, or no?"

Before he could clear his throat to respond, his mouth went cotton dry as her cotton panties were pulled off her hips. The crotch stuck for a moment as she was pulling her underwear past her knees, then sprung free from her presumably, sticky muff, dropping down to the tiled floor. A thinly-shaved, fluffy stripe of reddish fur was all he could see of her girl area. He was immediately drawn to her chest as she pulled her t-shirt off over her head. She then reached behind her back and undid her bra, pulling it free and releasing her surprisingly heavy, pink-nippled tits, perfectly tear-drop shaped. Pale, and untouched.

He took a sip of his beer, trying to control his erection, when he heard the toilet seat cover go up. Looking back into the crack, he could just see her sitting down, legs spread pretty wide, and started to pee. The stream piddled to a stop and then she wiped herself with a large wad of toilet paper, hairs of her red bush contrasting with the clean, white toilet tissue. Her nipples passed into view, swaying with gravity, as she got up and turned to flush; they were unmistakably stiff and pointy, either from excitement or the cool air of the A/C, he couldn't tell. His cock was an agonizingly, huge, stiff rod, straining against his thin swimsuit.

He took another long draught of his beer, finishing it, begging his cock to settle back down before she came out. His eyes wandered again to the bathroom and to his amazement, she was standing in front of the mirror, critiquing herself naked. She leaned back slightly and actually began pinching her own nipples, making them quite hard, before reaching down for her tiny bikini top. He watched, entranced, as she struggled to tie her top; her nipples poking the fabric outward and slightly to each side. He undid his suit and started stroking his cock, taking another long swig. His hand jerked quickly as he witnessed her pulling her bottoms up her slender, porcelain legs, lifting each lovely leg one at a time, and then tying them onto her hips, lifting and arranging the tiny crotch so it just covered her melon-colored labia and furry mohawk.

Eyes shut, he released a long gasp as he shot his load into a dish towel; his spurts interrupted by giggling. Opening his eyes, his son's summer sitter, absolutely breathtaking in a tiny, white bikini, nipples hard as ever, pointing outward and slightly to each side, had her hands over her smiling mouth, eyes downward trying to see what he was doing, but knowing all too well.

"Umm, I'm sorry, I uh..." stammered Pastor Young.

Jessica giggled again, cheeks blushing, then picked up her bottle of beer and turned around, her lovely backside facing him now. Rick's cock hardened once more at the sight of her tiny, curvy ass, the shadow of her crack visible through the nearly sheer fabric of her bottoms.

"Rick. Can you make sure my top is tied tight enough?" Looking back at him over her shoulder , a teasing smile flashed his way as she held her gaze, looking right into his eyes, then lifted her hair up with both her slender, pale arms, waiting for him to check.

He wouldn't dare move around the island though, already caught in an embarrassing situation, so he looked quickly at her tie. "Uh, looks good from here. Can you please go check on Robbie?"

Jessica downed her beer, looked at Rick with teasing eyes, then walked lightly to the sliding door leading to the pool.

4 -- Swim Lesson

Robbie squealed with delight, as only a 30-something, dim-witted man could, at the sight of his summer angel coming toward him, poolside.

"Hi Robbie. I'm Jessica, your summer sitter." Jessica bent over at the waist, her bikini top straining to hold back her perfectly-shaped, swaying tits, cleavage deeply shadowed, and held out a hand in greeting. She quickly regretted this as Robbie proved to have a very strong grip.

Shouting, "Pooool-tiiiiime!", Robbie pulled the girl over the edge of the pool, forcing her to jump in, one hand on her nose. Jessica emerged from the water smiling and smoothing her long copper hair back behind her head. Her boobs floated slightly, the tops of them visible above the water line.

Robbie strode through 5-feet of water toward her. She stood her ground and beamed a big smile at Robbie who mirrored her. Jessica thought Robbie was a bit pudgy, but cute in a simple, dopey way, and looked very silly with yellow inflatables on his hairy, muscular arms.

He suddenly lowered his chin, shyly, and look at her with flirty eyes. "Gahfrend?"

Jessica heard about this and decided to play along by closing her eyes and blowing him a kiss. Robbie got very excited and clapped his hands. "Gahfrend! Daddee! Daddee! I hav uh noo gerfend!"

Pastor Young, now wearing a blue bathrobe, walked toward a lounge chair, a fresh beer in hand. He smiled at his son who was pointing excitedly at Jessica, now neck-deep in water swimming around Robbie.

If I could trade places with him right now... thought the Pastor, eyes ogling Jessica's beauty. "Okay Robbie, your girlfriend, Jessica, is also your swim teacher this summer. Jessica, care to start his first lesson?"

"Sure thing, Pastor Y--, I mean, Rick."

Robbie reached out for the swimming girl and grabbed her shoulders with both hands, supporting himself on her as he kicked his feet in big splashes. Jessica laughed and let him do his thing for awhile, then held his hands as he propelled himself around the pool.

After some time, Pastor Young looked up from his book when his son suddenly shouted, "Chickun Fiiiiight!". Robbie leaped onto Jessica's back, who stumbled in surprise, but did her best to play along, holding onto Robbie's legs. After sometime goofing around, Jessica waded Robbie over to the shallow end steps, and purposefully fell over, dropping a laughing Robbie into the water.

The setting sun was leaving long shadows across the pool. The air was cooling and a breeze picked up.

Robbie leaped up the steps and ran to his dad, all smiles, who handed him a towel. "Go inside and take a shower, Robbie, and get cleaned up for pizza."

Robbie shouted the word, 'pizza', over and over as he ran inside and upstairs to the shower.

Pastor Young turned his head to check on his son's new sitter and nearly dropped his beer. Jessica was lifting herself out of the pool, facing the Pastor, head turned toward the sun, and must not have realized that her top had fallen off. He soaked in the sight of her sweet, pale titties, nipples stiff and pointy, as she stood up on the concrete paver patio and used both hands, arms above her shoulders, to squeeze the water from her long hair. They bounced and shook, enticing his eyes. He imagined squeezing them in his fingers and sucking on her young, hard nipples. Dropping his gaze, he became weak-kneed, noticing that her pussy was showing through the soaked, sheer fabric of her wet bottoms. He made out the subtle, darkened slit between puffy labia. The thin stripe of bush he saw earlier was also visible all the way up to the top of her scanty bottoms. His cock ached, and his pulse quickened.
