 Okay, so I was pissed off and that probably wasn’t the best time to suddenly accept an invitation to meet a stranger in a bar but frankly, I just didn’t care anymore. My boyfriend was a no show for the third Saturday night in a row. He always had a good reason for it but enough was enough. We were on a downward slide toward a break up and the reality was that I had dressed up expecting a good time and I was stuck at home again. Well, no more I decided! If he thought I was staying at home waiting for him again, he had another think coming.

My dark brown hair was fixed and hanging in loose curls down my back. My makeup was done, I had on a white dress with fringe at the hem that was made for dancing, and by golly I was going out! I slipped my high-heeled sandals on and ran my hands up my long legs to smooth out my pantyhose. I’m 5’8” and the heels added 3 inches to my height. My boyfriend is 5’11” so they put us at the same height but the guy who had been flirting with me online said he was 6’2”. I left a message on my boyfriend’s answering machine telling him we were through and then I jumped online and left a message for DARKLVR that said, “Fat Jack’s, 8:30 pm, I’m living dangerously” then I headed for my car.

Fat Jack’s is a nice hangout during the week and on weekends the live bands can really have the place hopping. I like to dance and I hadn’t gotten a chance to in weeks. I looked at the marquee and knew that I’d picked the perfect night. The band was a favorite of mine and they weren’t afraid to play a broad range of music including country, swing, pop, and rock. I put my purse over my shoulder and walked up to the door.

“Hello darlin,” the bouncer drawled as I handed him the money for the cover charge.

“Aren’t you the sweetest thing,” I drawled back and winked at him. I watched him flush with embarrassment as he handed me my change. “Better be careful,” I warned. “We don’t want the masses to discover what a big softy you are.” I winked again and left him laughing at the door. Greg and his wife, Mona were friends of mine. Greg was moonlighting at Fat Jack’s to earn the extra money they needed to move into a larger house now that Mona was pregnant with twins.

I chose a table for two between the bar and the dance floor. The waitress took my order for a whiskey sour as I looked over the men standing or sitting alone near the bar. I wanted to dance and if DARKLVR didn’t show I would dance with whoever was available.  My eyes had made a complete circuit of the room when I saw him standing at the end of the bar. He was dressed all in black and my pulse raced as I looked him over. His description of himself was pretty accurate. He looked to be over 6’ tall with longish brown hair hanging over his collar. He had on tight, black jeans and cowboy boots. His shirt was black and I could see the glint of metal at his neck where a heavy chain rested. The shirt was open at the top but only for comfort. You could tell by looking at him, that nothing about him was affected. He looked like he knew what he wanted and didn’t care what anyone else thought. I dropped my eyes as he turned his back to the bar and surveyed the room. I didn’t want him to catch me staring.

The waitress brought my drink and the appetizer I had ordered. I busied myself trying the assortment of spicy chicken bites while the couple at the next table began arguing about whether he had flirted with some other woman before they arrived. Their voices were getting louder and several other people were starting to stare as her voice became shrill and she began swearing at him. He looked embarrassed and kept asking her to calm down. Suddenly she picked up her glass and flung the contents into his face. He tried to get back out of the way and ended up bumping my table.  I rescued my own glass and the basket of chicken as his chair collided with the table and knocked down the chair on the other side of mine. Suddenly a black clad arm reached out and took the basket from my hand. I looked up into the piercing eyes of the man at the bar. 

He held his hand out palm up and said, “Perhaps my table might be safer.” I looked at him and knew for sure that this was DARKLVR. I placed my hand in his and he pulled me up. Together we went to the far side of the room where several booths were placed against the wall. The seating was darker there - more intimate feeling and I felt a slight quiver of excitement chase up and down my spine. I wondered what this dynamic looking man had in mind as he sat across from me and I felt our knees brush under the table. Up close he was ruggedly handsome, the kind of guy you expected to see riding a horse in a western movie. He completely ignored the couple who had caused the commotion and watched me as I nervously twisted my glass around on its paper coaster.

Now that I was here, I had no clue what to say or do. My natural shyness kicked in and I couldn’t even look at him. His hand was gentle as he placed it over one of mine on the glass. I lifted my eyes to his and he smiled.

“Don’t be nervous. We won’t do anything you don’t want to do,” he said. I felt his knee bump mine under the table again and I wondered if he had done it on purpose. I looked into his face but it wasn’t giving any clues to his thoughts. We sat and looked at each other while the band began warming up the crowd with some light banter.

“You came here to dance?” he asked as if we’d never discussed meeting before.

“Yes,” I nodded.

“Then dance is what we’ll do.” We stood up and moved out onto the floor. The song wasn’t a slow one but it wasn’t fast either. He held me with some space between us as we moved around the floor. He was a good dancer and we matched up well. That song ended and we stayed on the floor, dancing to the next one and the one after that. I was becoming more relaxed and found myself moving more fluidly as we went from song to song.

The band changed tempo and moved into a slow love song. I looked into his face and saw his eyes darken before he pulled me closer to him. I put my hand against his chest to steady myself and his arm slipped around my back. We were both perspiring lightly from the faster dances and I could feel the beating of his heart through the thin black cloth covering his chest. I longed to be one of those girls who can think of a witty remark to make at just the right moment but the excitement of being in the arms of a virtual stranger had me tongue-tied. We danced slowly around the room and I could feel his thighs moving against mine. It felt so dangerously naughty that my heart beat faster with excitement. His hand was moving in slow circles against the small of my back as we danced.

I had a wild thought that he could so easily slide his hand down over my butt. I contemplated that for a minute and wondered what my reaction should be if he did. Then I decided that it didn’t matter what it should be, I was supposed to be having fun so I’d just go with the flow. The song ended and the band said they were taking a break so we went back to our table.

The ice in our drinks had melted so he ordered fresh ones before excusing himself to use the restroom. He still wasn’t back when they arrived and I was still hot from dancing so I thought I’d cool off a little. I picked up my icy cold glass and tipped my head back, closed my eyes and laid it against my neck. I heard a noise and my eyes flew open. He was standing at the table watching me and his eyes were hot. He slid into the booth and sat so one of my knees was in between his. The position forced me to sit with my legs slightly spread under the table. I could tell by the small smile on his face that he had done it on purpose.

I sat my glass down and pushed my hair back off my neck with one hand. His eyes followed a small trickle of moisture as it ran down my neck, over my collarbone, and disappeared beneath the neckline of my dress. When his eyes lifted to mine, I could see the lust shining in them. I couldn’t stop the involuntary shiver that snaked up my spine. My body tightened and an image popped into my mind of the two of us in bed. His knees shifted against mine and one slid further up the inside of my thighs. I looked at him as one of his hands dropped below the table. 

He started making small talk about the band and we chatted about dancing and other favorite activities as I wondered whether he had moved his knees on purpose. He watched my face as his hand suddenly slid over my knee. He continued talking and I held my breath as I wondered what he would do next. Slowly he leaned forward and ran his hand up my leg as far as he could reach. One finger stroked my thigh as his foot nudged my feet further apart. I was completely mesmerized by that stroking finger so he had no trouble wedging both his knees in between mine. 

I knew if anyone looked they would see my legs spread apart and my dress hiked up under the table but that slowly stroking finger had my pulse racing and I completely lost my train of thought. He couldn’t reach all the way up to my panties but I was getting wet wishing he could.

The band started playing again and I knew I needed to calm down. I scooted a little further out of reach and told him I was going to the restroom before we started dancing again. I knew he was watching me as I walked toward the back and I had to resist the urge to turn around and look at him. Everyone else had used the facilities while the band was resting so I had the place to myself when I went in. I locked the door and smiled at the wanton creature looking back at me from the mirror. She looked like someone who knew what she wanted as opposed to the real me who is too shy to take what I want. I used the restroom and ran cold water over my wrists to try to calm down. I was looking down when I pulled the door open so I almost walked into the body standing in the doorframe.

I looked up in shock when I realized the person blocking my way was the very man who had occupied my thoughts as I looked in the mirror. He gave a tight smile and began backing me into the bathroom. I let go of the door and he snapped the lock and pushed it closed behind us. All I could do was stare as he reached out and took my purse and dropped it on the counter. His tongue came out to lick his lips and I gave a tiny moan.

“We could get caught,” I warned.

“Do you really care?” he asked as he pulled me hard against him.

“No,” I breathed as my arms encircled his shoulders and I pulled his lips down onto mine. His mouth was greedy as it pushed hard against mine. One of his hands slid up into my hair and he jerked my head back as his tongue thrust into my open mouth. Our tongues rubbed and stroked against each other as we got our first taste of each other. Finally he pulled his head back and we both gasped for breath. I felt his lips on my neck and they weren’t gentle. His tongue pushed hard against me and then he opened his mouth further and scraped his teeth down the sensitive flesh of my throat. I shivered as his other hand moved down over my breast. My nipples grew hard and I could feel them pushing against my bra.

Heat pooled between my legs and I felt the thrust of his erection against my lower stomach. I groaned and rubbed my hips harder against him. My hands dropped down to his waist and I hung on as he turned me around and shoved me up against the door. One hand dropped down and I cupped the hard evidence of his arousal. He groaned and rocked his hips so my hand rubbed against his cock. The hand holding my hair pulled my head back again and he bent down to lick my neck as I continued to stroke him through his jeans. His other hand slid down my side and began inching my dress up.

I arched against him as his hand crept higher up my thigh. Yes, right… there. His hand cupped my pussy over my hose and panties and he ground the heel of his hand against me. He released my hair and used his free hand to lift my dress up and hold it against my waist. I felt his fingers picking at the material of my pantyhose then suddenly he gave a tug and I felt the material tear. Instantly his finger poked inside the hole he had made searching for the edge of my panties.

“Spread your legs further apart,” he ordered as his eyes glittered down at me. I obliged and then that incredible seeking finger was up under the lace of my panties. He slid it against me and I had no choice but to let go of his erection so I could hold onto him for balance. I looked over his shoulder and saw our reflection in the mirror. My dress was bunched up at my waist and my legs were spread wide apart while his hand began driving me wild. I closed my eyes against the erotic image when his finger ran down my slit and up to the hard little button that needed attention. He circled it then pinched it lightly between his thumb and forefinger. I held onto his arms for support and could only moan as he rubbed and flicked my clit with his fingers and thumb.

“My God, you’re wet,” he whispered. “Is this what you need?” he asked.

I could only look at him, lost in the sensations he was creating. I could feel the moisture from my pussy spreading as he stroked me.

“Are you afraid?” he asked.

“What?” I moaned, pushing my hips against his hand.

“What if someone hears us?” he continued.

“I… I don’t know,” I whimpered as his hand began moving faster against me.

“Do you want me to stop?”

I was getting close and he just kept rubbing me faster as he watched my face.

“No, oh God, please don’t stop,” I begged as he nuzzled my throat again.

“Are you going to cum?” he asked as his teeth nipped at my neck.

“Yes, oh please, yes,” I didn’t care what else he did I just wanted his hand to keep stroking me, rubbing me closer and closer to orgasm.

“Are you sure,” he groaned hoarsely against my skin.

I had begun to pant in time with his strokes. “Yes, make me cum,” I pleaded.

His hand moved faster and faster as I pushed my dripping pussy against him. The tension mounted and then finally with one last flick of his finger I exploded against him. I could hear myself groaning as the pleasure spread out from my clit to encompass my entire body. He shoved two fingers deep inside me and I felt my muscles squeezing them as the spasms went on and on. I continued to ride his hand as his movements slowed. When I finally stilled he slipped his hand out and slowly licked the length of one of the fingers that was now coated with my juices. I couldn’t tear my eyes away as he cleaned his fingers off.

“You’re just as sweet as I knew you’d be,” he smiled before he bent down and kissed me gently on the mouth. I could taste myself on his tongue. I had never tasted myself before and I wondered if that was how all women taste.

I reached for the waistband of his jeans so I could bring him the same relief he had just given me but he stepped back.

“Not yet. We’ll get to that… eventually,” he said. He gave me a quick kiss on the lips and looked me up and down. “Oh, before you come back to the table…” he paused.

I looked up at his face wondering what he meant.

He grinned down at me, “Lose the panties,” he finished.

I must have looked a little shocked because he laughed as he unlocked the door and stepped out. He relocked it and pulled it closed behind him so I was alone. I had never been out in public in a dress without panties before but I didn’t waste time debating the issue with myself. Either I was living dangerously or I wasn’t. I took the panties off and left the pantyhose on even though they had a hole in the crotch now.

When I returned to the table he lifted one eyebrow at me, silently asking if I had complied with his demands. I gave a quick nod and slid into the booth. We resumed dancing and laughed about all kinds of things as the night wore on. Other than a feeling of tension in him when we danced close, it was as if the earlier heat between us was gone. That is, it was gone until the band moved into their last set. They were winding down the evening so the lights were low and the songs were mostly slow love songs.

He pulled me close so we were touching all the way down as his hands rested on my hips. I had no choice but to put my arms up around him and I sighed as he held me and began to move his feet in time with the music. His fingers spread open so they were resting on the top of my butt and I closed my eyes as we danced. I could feel the bulge at his crotch and I wanted to rub myself against it. My head was on his shoulder and he dipped his head so his mouth was right next to my ear.

“Feel what you do to me,” he whispered. His lips trailed tiny kisses down the side of my neck. I waited breathlessly for what he might do next. Then I felt his tongue on the skin where my shoulder meets my neck. His lips rubbed against it and then his teeth were biting me. They weren’t too hard, weren’t too soft. The love bite was perfect and I couldn’t stop the tiny moan that escaped from my lips anymore than I could stop my own lips from pressing kisses against his neck.

My nipples pearled into hard aching points and I could feel heat gathering as my pussy readied itself for the cock that was straining the front of his jeans. I glanced around at the other dancers but no one was paying any attention to us. The dance ended and we let go of each other reluctantly. I thought we might leave but he held my hand and led me back to our table. He sat opposite me and looked across at me. I was breathing slightly fast and I figured I must look flushed from the excitement but he just smiled at me. That’s when it dawned on me that he had done it all on purpose. He was deliberately raising my temperature while he remained in control. Or, in as much control as a man with an erection can be in. I decided it was time to raise the stakes.

I reached under the table and removed my right sandal. I put it in my lap so I wouldn’t lose it and then I nudged his leg with my knee so he had to spread his legs a little to accommodate mine. I kept talking so he wouldn’t realize I was up to anything. Then I lifted my leg and slid my foot in between his thighs. I watched his eyes as he realized what I was doing. Before he could react, my foot was planted against his zipper. He sucked in his breath as I wiggled it around a little. His voice sounded hoarse as we continued to talk. I alternated pressing my heel and instep against him and I felt the bulge getting more solid. As I moved my toes I could feel the outline of the head pushing up toward his waistband. I pushed more firmly against it and separated my toes so they were spread on either side of it. As I moved my toes up and down he quit pretending to talk about other things.

“Oh God,” he groaned as he reached down and held my foot against his erection. “You did that on purpose,” he said as he rolled his hips against the pressure of my foot.

I just grinned at him. That’s when he decided to turn the tables on me and instead of pressing my foot against him he ran his hand up my leg. He couldn’t reach very far as I was sitting back against the seat in order to stretch my leg out while I caressed him. Remembering what had happened last time made me even wetter and I was beginning to become afraid I would leave a wet spot on my dress if we didn’t leave soon.

“Put your shoe on,” he said as he gave my foot one last pat before pushing it away. I fastened the strap and we slid out of the booth but he wasn’t ready to leave. He pulled me back onto the dance floor for one more bit of torture. The dance wasn’t a real fast one but it had a nice beat and we moved around the floor with a bit of space between us. He bent me back in a dip at one point, spun me around and jerked me up against him. The hard motion of our bodies rubbing was a delicious friction that I could see he was enjoying as well. He executed the move several more times before the dance was over.

The next song was a slow one. I moved into his arms and put one of mine around his shoulders and the other on his chest. As we danced I rubbed my hand over his muscles. I felt the small bump of his nipple and I rubbed it and then used my fingernail to scrape it into a hard point. My own nipples were tight inside my bra. I reached up and pushed one finger inside the button at the top of his shirt. His hands were moving restlessly on my hips as I unbuttoned one and placed my lips against his chest. I combed the tips of my fingers through the hair revealed in the opening and unbuttoned another button. I could hear his heart beating quickly under my ear and then his hands slid lower. He pressed them against my butt and pulled me up closer so he could rub his hardness against me.
