 You must be of legal age to read this. Remember, always practice safe sex.

This will make more sense if you read the first part of the story "Robin", also by unit555. For those who are too impatient, Dave and Amber are friends and Dave just had sex with Amber's best friend Robin at Amber's party. Unfortunately, Robin is married with a kid and they just got caught by Amber.

*****

"Dave, Robin, how could you" Amber shouted. 

They did not even have the energy to get up and act embarrassed. The aftermath of the shared orgasm took their strength. April stood there looking at the two attractive, naked people on her couch. She should see the sticky white cum seep out of Robin's pussy as Dave's cock began to soften. She was speechless. Here were her two best friends in each other's arms.

The realization that Dave had just been caught up to his balls in a married woman finally took hold and Dave rolled off Robin to look at Amber. 

"Amber, its not what you think. I didn't…"

"How could you. You promised me you would leave her alone. What have you done!"

"Amber really … I didn't … I mean she … "

Finally Robin couldn't stand to see Dave squirm under Amber's gaze any longer.

"Amber stop. He didn't do anything I didn't want him to. In fact," she smiled as she began to pull on her clothes, "I got exactly what I wanted."

"But how could you. What about Tom and the baby?"

"Tom hasn't fucked me in weeks. I want another baby and he doesn't so he figures he can get his way by not having sex with me. Besides, I think he's screwing his secretary on the side while I get nothing. Dave just gave me the fucking of a lifetime and I loved every second of it."

Amber was speechless. She had no idea any of this had happened and could not begin the make sense of it. Dave was equally speechless. He knew more than he wanted and was looking to make an escape.

"Amber, I'm sorry. Maybe we can talk about this tomorrow. I don't want this to…"

"Get out. I don't want to hear it."

"But Amber."

"I said get out."

Dave knew he was on the losing end of this argument and figured he better leave to limit the damage. He heard another exchange of words between Amber and Robin as he went through the door and headed for his car.

He almost had the car door closed when he heard a voice from across the lot.

"Hey now. You are not planning on leaving without me."

He looked over his shoulder and saw Robin standing there. Even with the trouble of the last few minutes she looked fantastic enough to make Dave forget what had just transpired. She had a freshly fucked look with her red hair wildly framing her face and a light sheen of moisture on her skin.

As Robin leaned in the passenger window Dave had another great view of her breasts down the top of her shirt. "Don't you think I've caused enough trouble for one night?" he asked.

"You can't cut me off now. I feel like a kid in a candy shop. I need all you've got to give."

"I don't know. Maybe we should just part ways and stop before someone really gets hurt."

"Come on." she pleaded. Robin licked her lips with the tip of her tongue and put a pouting expression on her face.

Dave couldn't resist. "I'm probably going to regret this. Get in, we can go to my place"

"Excellent" she smiled as she slid into his jeep. "Let's go."

****

After Dave and Robin left Amber decided the after-party clean-up could wait until tomorrow. She changed into a pair of boxers and a t-shirt and slid into bed. Her mind whirled over what she had seen and heard.

She had no idea of the problems Robin and Tom were going through. Amber always thought Tom was a shit and tolerated him for Robin's sake. She could hardly blame Robin for needing to satisfy herself but why did it have to be with Dave?

Amber had never made a move on Dave and had turned all his advances away. Still, in some way his interest made her feel she had right-of-possession when it came to Dave's affection. Part of her knew that was unreasonable but the other part felt he should wait until she was ready for him. Dave was cute enough and as smart as they came. 

'Why didn't I hook up with him?' she wondered.

Amber kept replaying the scene in her head. Dave's hard ass thrusting into Robin was one of the most erotic things she had ever seen. She wondered what it would be like to be the one under his body feeling that hard cock pounding her pussy. It had been a long time since she had been with anyone. School always came first. She figures guys would come later when she had been taken care of her career. Finally she couldn't take it anymore. The vision of Dave cumming in Robin wouldn't leave her mind. She started to fantasize about Dave. She pulled the t-shirt over her head and threw it on the floor. Her hands softly caressed her breasts and tease her nipples. She pretended it was Dave's large hands playing her body like a fine instrument. Soon one hand drifted down to the top of her panties. She idly twirled her fingers in her neatly trimmed pubic hair. She felt her pussy becoming wet with her desire. Her index finger dipped into her honey pot and began to rub small circles around the end of her clit. Amber had a very large clit and turned on easily. Some guys had been turned off by it but others knew she was easy to bring to orgasm after orgasm and loved to push her buttons.

Soon, Amber's right hand was a blur flailing away at her swollen clit. She brought her left hand down and plunged two fingers into her tight pussy. Amber brought herself to an orgasm and thrashed about on the sheets of her bed.

But one vision she could not get out of her head. Every time she imagined she was the one under Dave's body it was Robin's face she saw staring back at her.

Damn Robin for taking him and damn him for not waiting. 

Amber cried softly for a short time. She lay in her bed for a while before realizing she would not sleep tonight. Finally she got up, dressed. She tried to clean up after the party but couldn't shake the scene that had unfolded in her spare room. She went for a drive. She had no idea where she was going. She just wanted to go.

****

Dave drove toward his apartment and tried to replay the events in his head. He was sorry he hurt Amber but it was more than that. He couldn't place his finger on what bothered him.

"Penny for your thoughts."

"Nothing you'd be interested in. Just a little distracted over the scene with Amber."

"Don’t worry. I'll patch things up with her tomorrow."

"That may work for you but I'm not so sure about Amber and I."

"Stop worrying about her." The pulled onto the highway. "Let me give you something else to think about."

Robin began to rub his cock through the front of his pants. It began to harden even after all the action it had already seen this evening. Soon she was fishing his meat out through his zipper. Dave's tool was still sticky with her cum. She tried running her hand up and down the shat but it just stuck to the skin.

Robin leaned over and whispered in his ear "This won’t do."

She leaned down and took his cock deep in her mouth. Her warm saliva coated his tool and soon she moved the full length. She buried her nose against his pubic hair and applied as much suction as she could.

"Oh God, you do that so well." Dave set the cruise control and spread his legs further apart as she opened the front of his pants. No sense in letting a speeding ticket ruin the moment. He reached his right hand over and cupped her breast through her shirt. He felt for her hard nipple and gave it a gentle pinch. She moaned into his cock and moved her lead up and down a little faster.

Dave's breathing was becoming ragged and he was having trouble staying in his lane. Robin applied more suction. He was right on the edge between pain and pleasure.

"Oh, don't stop. I'm almost there." Robin continued to suck. Releasing pressure at the top and returning to the base of his shaft. She sucked hard with pulling her head up his shaft. That was all it took. Dave came into her mouth. Once, twice, three times she swallowed the white juice. She delicately traced a line up his shaft with the tip of her tongue sending a shiver through his body. 

Dave took his bearings in time to see they were near his exit and got off the interstate. When he pulled to a stop at the bottom of the ramp he looked over. Robin had a knowing smile on her face as she looked into his eyes.

"Give me five minutes to get us to my place and I will thank you properly. I'll make sure you never forget it."

Robin's smile got bigger. She could hardly wait.

To Be Continued...