 Rochelle eyed the couple sitting across the table from her. They had their heads together, whispering quietly. It was clear that the woman wanted the house. The husband was reluctant but the real question for Rochelle (as always) was who would be the decision maker?

Rochelle had been both decorating and selling houses for a couple of years now and there was always one partner that was more interested and one that ultimately had to be persuaded. Sometimes the more interested made the decision and life (and the commission) was good. Other times it would be that decision making partner that wasn't quite over the line. That was when she really had to earn her keep, helping the more interested party to get their partner over the line. 

It looked in this case like Tom wasn't quite there. Although the property was just beyond the price range that they'd set, it ticked every box on their wish list for a property. It meant that she had something to work with.

After a few more minutes of discussion, it was clear that Tom's reluctance had held sway. His wife Sara was clearly disappointed, but had conceded defeat. Tom excused himself to use the bathroom, leaving the two girls alone together. Rochelle cast an appraising glance over the other woman. In her late 20's she was fit, dressed nicely in a sensible skirt and blouse that hinted at rather than declared killer curves and wore a little jewellery without being ostentatious. Her brown hair was pulled back in a practical pony tail and her blue eyes met Rochelle's as equals. 

"Why don't you let me have a chat to Tom for you?" Rochelle offered. "Give me some time to take him through the property without you here. I'll give him a really good sales pitch, point out exactly how perfect this place is and just maybe I can get him over the line for you."

"Would you? Do you really think you could convince him?" Sara asked. She desperately wanted the property and the evidence of the hope that she was already placing in Rochelle's offer was palpable. 

"It can't hurt to try can it?" Rochelle said, reaching across the table to pat the other girl's hand. 

"Thank you so much, that would be wonderful," Sara said, smiling. 

"I'll call him tomorrow when he's had a chance to sleep on it, so don't mention it or harass him. If you push him too hard at home, he won't be open to what I have to say anyway." Sara agreed and when Tom returned from the washroom, Sara allowed him to wrap things up with Rochelle and then they said their goodbyes. As Tom shook her hand, Rochelle held his fingers just a little longer than necessary, allowing them to all but caress him as their hands separated. She saw him look back at her as he held the door for his wife and smiled at him warmly, winking, even as she noted that his gaze skipped down over her body.

-----------------------------

"Hi Tom, its Rochelle," she said the following day when he answered her call. "I was hoping that I might be able to take you through the property one more time without Sara being there." He sounded reluctant. "Look, I understand your reservations, but I thought a look through the house without the pressure of Sara ooing and ahhing and saying how perfect it all is might just give you the opportunity you need to really assess whether or not it's as perfect as she seems to believe."

"Well, when you put it that way Rochelle, I guess it would be a good chance to take some un-pressured time to evaluate the place."

"Fabulous, how does 1 o'clock sound?" Rochelle asked him, smiling as she spoke, happy to have managed to get him to come and visit the property.

"Fine, I'll meet you at one Rochelle," Tom replied.

----------------------------

Rochelle took a look in the mirror, knowing exactly what she planned to show Tom about the house. Her straight blond hair hung loose to her shoulders and she wore a grey skirt and business jacket over a scarlet blouse. She kicked off the black pumps that she was wearing and grabbed her 'lucky' (and hot) red stilettos from her cupboard. Eyeing herself critically, she rolled the waist band of her skirt so that the hemline rose a couple of inches higher above her knee and undid two buttons down the front of her blouse so that that the cleavage of her d cup breasts was prominently on display. She wiggled her bra so that it wasn't quite as obvious and then grabbed her keys. 

----------------------------

Rochelle opened the door to the two story house and Tom smiled at her, his gaze automatically travelling over her luscious body. Rochelle grinned generously as his eyes lingered on her cleavage and she stepped in to kiss him on the cheek, lifting herself up on her toes to reach his cheek. At 6'4", Tom was about a foot taller than her and so she placed a hand on his hip to steady herself as she planted it. She then removed her grey business jacket to reveal the scarlet blouse beneath, hanging the jacket on the hook by the door along with her bag.

"Right; Come with me Tom, because I think that when we're done, you'll have a very different view of this house," she said and took his hand to lead him inside.

"Take this list of things that you told me you wanted in the house and we'll tick them off as we go and make sure nothing's missing. Tom took the list. He had no intention of saying yes to the property, but the offer to spend some time in the house alone with the hot young realtor had been enough to get him to take a final look around. He wasn't disappointed as she held his hand and led him to start in the basement. He enjoyed the mesmerising sway of her arse as she lead him to the downstairs bar with its pool table and dart board. 

As Rochelle praised the room's virtues, Tom kept peeking at her cleavage. She didn't reveal this much when Sara was around, he mused, which was probably a good thing given how much he was enjoying the view. 

"I spoke to the vendor last night and asked about the pool table, because they weren't sure if they were taking it or not and they've decided to leave it." As she spoke she leant a long way forward across the table, her hands running over the smooth felt surface, her generous tits hanging from her chest and enhancing Tom's view even further. "If you've ever had a pool table fantasy, this could be your chance to live it," she said to him with a wink. Tom coughed and blushed, but Rochelle only smiled even more at him. 

When she led him back upstairs, he followed close behind, eyes gorging on the sight of her tight calves, the thin legs that disappeared into the enjoyably short skirt and again, the tight round buttocks that seemed to have a dance all of their own. The fact that they were right at eye level as they ascended was a definite bonus.

They went through the living room, the dining room, the bathroom, laundry and into the kitchen.

"See, granite, just like you guys listed," Rochelle said, slapping the island counter top. She turned and jumped up to land her butt on top, letting her knees spread as far as her short skirt would allow. "Good solid workmanship, good for all sorts of things," she said with a wink to him. "Probably even cooking!" Tom laughed. His eyes stole glances at her spread legs, enjoying the exposure of the beginnings of her inner thighs before they disappeared under her skirt, wishing that he was four foot tall instead of his towering height. If he was that short, he'd be staring right up between her legs. He desperately wanted to be able to appreciate that view. 

Rochelle held her hand out to him to indicate that she wanted him to help her down. Tom stepped closer and Rochelle placed her hands on his upper arms feeling the well defined muscle beneath his suit. She used her leverage to pull herself toward him as he adjusted. He'd been going to lift her by her hands, but with her reaching for his arms, realised that that wouldn't work. Instead he grabbed her at the waist to help lift her from the bench top. 

Rochelle felt the heat of his hands on her waist and managed to ensure that she brushed her legs on the outside of his as he lifted her down. 

"Why thank you," she said, smiling up into his smoky eyes. She saw him swallow and knew that she had him interested in the hook. Now she just had to get him to swallow the bait. "Why don't we look at the upstairs?" she suggested. As she walked she was well aware of the state of her pussy, feeling her excitement building as she considered that she might just get him interested not only in the house, but for a price that only she could give it to him. 

Tom again followed her up the stairs, again wishing that he was short enough to peek up her skirt. She led him into the master bedroom, extolling its various features, pointing out the light and the space. 

"Do you know what my favourite part of this room is though?" Rochelle asked him.

"Tell me," he said. 

"The balcony," Rochelle replied, opening the French doors, the fresh air filling the room. "I can just imagine standing here late at night, the lights of the city below, leaning on this railing, a loving man behind me, holding me ..." she allowed her words to drift off as she leaned in exactly the position she described, up on her toes, breasts out over the rail, knowing that her arse was poised perfectly for someone to ram their cock in from behind with just a quick rearrangement of her skirt. "Can you imagine how perfect that would be Tom?" she asked, looking back over her shoulder, glancing down toward his cock, her gaze slow and deliberate. 

Tom, stared at Rochelle's perfectly shaped arse in her tight skirt, the curve of her calves as she leant forward over the balcony. He could imagine only too well just how perfect it would be to be that guy. 

"And did you see the bathroom?" she said, "its huge, such a luxurious shower, perfect for washing off in the morning, or after a particularly good sex session." She winked at him. Tom had to adjust his cock in his pants. If Rochelle kept talking like this, he wasn't sure that he'd be able to get out of the house without pushing for something that he knew he couldn't have. 

When they'd been through the last of the rooms, Rochelle turned to him in the den. "So, everything on your list is included in this house Tom and it's not really that much out of your budget. Even that nice pool table downstairs is included and I'm sure that we can find a way to help you agree that this really is the perfect house."

"Well that's true, for a start, if you cut your commission, you could get the price down," Tom said, doubting that this was part of her plan.

"Well, that's true, but just think back to those special features, the balcony, the large shower space, even this den that's perfect for hiding away and watching that porn that your wife probably hates you enjoying. And there's also the option of throwing a little something in that you wouldn't get with any other house."

"Oh and what would this house have to offer that no other house would?" Tom asked. 

"How about the chance to try out some of those special features before you buy it? Did you like the balcony upstairs? I'm sure we could set up a trial for you."

"You mean bring Sara here and you disappear for a bit?" Tom asked.

"Well that's one way ... if you want to try it out with Sara ..." she left it open, her pussy aflame with her daring at suggesting what she had been building up to.

"Or like an immediate trial?" Tom asked, his eyes darting over her tits and tight body even as his cock hardened.

"Exactly like that," Rochelle said with a grin. 

"Well, it's something to think about," Tom said. Rochelle ran her finger down the line of her blouse, between her breasts until she reached the first button that held it together. Deftly she undid the button before moving to the next, Tom's eyes following the path of her fingers. Slowly she released all of the buttons until she stood before him, the two halves of her scarlet blouse parted to reveal the satin cups of her black push up bra, thrusting her tits forward toward him. Tom swallowed as he stared at the magnificence of her bosom. 

"Don't think too long Tom, I really want to see you in this house. Why don't we take one final look around at some of those special things this house offers? She sauntered from the room, not looking back, but trusting in the allure of her bum to draw him onward. She went to the basement, casting aside her blouse at the top of the stairs.

Tom watched her go. He knew he should leave now, but the sight of her casually dropping her blouse at the top of the basement stairs and simply continuing on in just her skirt and bra was too much to resist. He followed the hypnotic sway of her hips all the way to the pool table where he found her standing with one of the pool cues. She held it before her like a pole, dancing with it, stepping so that it slipped between her legs. She hiked the skirt up past the middle of her thighs and ground against it for a few moments. "Think of the pool games you could play down here Tom," she said, turning away again, bending over the table to play a shot, skirt riding high. Tom stepped closer.

"You're not holding that right Rochelle," he said, throat dry, tongue seemingly swollen as he moved closer to her. "I'd hate to see you rip the felt on what could be my table." He stood right beside her, all too conscious of the bare flesh of her smoothly curving back, the black satin of the bra strap pronounced against her pale skin. He reached with his hands to hers to show her the right way to cradle the cue in her left hand, before closing his right over hers to show her how it would then slide through her hand. 

Rochelle moved so that she brushed her hip against him, wanting to feel him rub his cock against her butt, knowing that if he did, she'd have him well on the way to signing. 

Tom looked at the ass that was so close to him, the skirt clinging across her cheeks that he imagined would be like to halves of the perfect peach. All he'd have to do was take a half step to the right and his growing boner would rub against her butt. He made the step, feeling the pressure of her bum against his erection. He felt Rochelle push back and wiggle her hips a little.

"Seems like you've got your own cue back there Tom, are you any good with it?" Rochelle said, smiling back at him over her shoulder. 

"Oh I've managed to sink a few in my time," Tom said, warming to the flirting, knowing how dangerously close to completely giving in he was. 

"Well why don't you show me some moves and rack it up then?" Rochelle said, indicating the pool table. Tom took the triangle from the cabinet on the wall and did exactly that. He offered her the break but Rochelle said she'd probably miss everything and be too embarrassed. Tom smashed the white ball into the waiting rack and sent balls careening all over the table, including one into a pocket. 

"Looks like I'm smalls," Tom said. 

"oh I doubt that very much," Rochelle said, standing across the table from him. He couldn't help but look at her tits and the way she was absently stroking her hand up and down the cue. It did nothing to relieve the tension in his pants. After dropping another ball, he indicated that it was Rochelle's turn even as he moved to position himself across the table from her. When she leant over the table in just her bra, her cleavage was possibly even more magnificent and he wondered how good it would look without her bra to restrain her breasts. Rochelle dropped two balls in quick succession and Tom laughed. 

"Seems you really know how to handle a cue after all," Tom said.

"Oh I've managed a couple in my time. I'm something of a natural with long hard woods apparently." She winked at him and dropped a third ball before missing. As the game continued, Rochelle teased him mercilessly, moving past him, rubbing her arse or tits against him each time they had to pass one another. Tom was rock hard. Here was this hot little real estate agent putting on an amazing show for him, how could he not be? 

Finally he found himself staring down the cue at the black ball beyond the cue ball, his shot to finish and win the game. As he peered along the smooth slender cylinder of wood, Rochelle stood at the pocket he was aiming for. She leaned forward to view the shot from the other end, her tits dangling again. As he slid the cue back, she reached behind her back and undid the clasp and her bra dropped away to the floor, her amazing breasts dropping free, hard, pointy nipples clearly evident even from the other end of the table. Tom took his shot and missed.

"Now that's dirty pool," he said even as he drank in the wondrous sight. 

"If you can't stand the heat ..." Rochelle said, lining up and dropping the black neatly in the pocket. Then she put the cue on the table and came over to thank him for the game, stepping up to kiss him just like she had at the front door. Tom found his hands on her waist, half on her skirt, half on her skin as she reached up to him, feeling just how soft her skin was. Her tits pushed against his business shirt as she leaned in to him and he could feel their warmth through the thin material. He knew that if his hands slid up just ever so slightly his fingers would be brushing against those magnificent breasts. He desperately wanted to take them in his hands and fondle them.

Rochelle stepped back, smiling; her nipples rock hard from brushing against the fabric of the shirt. She wondered to herself whether she should let him take her right here on the pool table or whether she should let him fuck her from behind whilst she leant on the balcony railing upstairs. 

"Tell me Tom, ever fantasized about one of these?" she said as she decided, running her hand over the felt. "I love the feel of the felt, but the slate underneath is so hard. I think its funny how like a cock it is; a soft outer covering over a rock hard shaft. Tom growled low in his throat, an involuntary response as he watched the young woman slide her hand across the felt, her tits suspended from her chest, nipples almost brushing the felt. The mention of a rock hard shaft reminded him just how stiff his cock had become. Rochelle turned and jumped up on the pool table just like she had on the kitchen bench, her legs hanging over the sides, spread slightly, her butt on the flat of the table. She lay back across the table, tits flattening, blonde hair spilling out over the green felt in a contrast of colour.

As she leaned back, her knees lifted and parted and Tom finally got the perfect view up between her legs, all the way to the black satin thong that she was wearing. 

"So Tom, how good is this house looking right now?" Rochelle asked him, glancing over her body to meet his gaze as it was snapped from between her legs. It whipped his mind back to why he was there. He hesitated, even as Rochelle's knees parted a little further and the skirt crept up her thighs.

"Better than it's ever looked before," Tom replied, burning the image of her semi naked form into his mind, hoping to never forget it. 

"Good enough to buy?" her finger twirling almost absent mindedly around her stiff little nipple.

"It's certainly close," he said, meaning it. Lust was driving him now. He stepped closer to her, putting a hand on her knee, sliding it down the inside of her leg, cock all but ripping its way out of his pants. Could he smell pussy? He breathed deeply as his fingers moved unobstructed toward her panties. When they were but an inch or so from touching that silken heaven her knees snapped shut, trapping his hand between her thighs. 

"Tell me now Tom, are you going to buy the house? If you are, everything that's in it today is yours from now until we leave. If you are, I've some paperwork for you to sign, if not, well, then its time to lock up and go."

Tom swallowed. He knew how much his wife wanted the house. He also knew the extra money he'd need to bring in to afford it. Overtime and lots of it, that's what it would mean to him. Was he prepared to do that to keep her happy? He was. Was he going to take up what was being offered to him as an offset? He swallowed again.
