 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not. 

*

Due to some piss-poor planning on my part and that of my roommate, Rob, I had to make a quick run over to the convenience store a couple of blocks from our house. We were having a party and had neglected to pick up ice and mixers, so I was overpaying for orange juice, cranberry juice and club soda. I guess, actually, I was paying extra for "convenience," hence the name. As it turned out, though, my run over there ended up being extremely fortuitous. As I was walking out the door with my purchases, a very attractive woman around my age was walking toward me. Despite being loaded down, I held the door for her and, just as she was thanking me, I realized that I knew her.

"Bob?" I asked. That stopped her in her tracks because it was a nickname I'd used as far back as middle school for a girl I'd been friends with but who I hadn't seen in a few years. She turned back and broke into a smile.

"Charlotte!" she replied, using the nickname she'd used for me.

I set the ice down and gave her a one-armed hug then we stepped out of the doorway. We started catching up a little as my bag of ice proceeded to begin melting when I had an idea that made a lot more sense.

"I'm here picking up supplies for a party," I told her, "why don't you come by? I'm roommates with Robbie."

"Get the hell out!" she replied, "I'm roommates with Bev!"

"Well bring her along," I suggested, "We live right there."

From the front of the store, you could see the house we were renting two blocks away, so I just pointed it out.

"No way," Robyn replied, "We live right over there."

She pointed to an apartment complex nearby. We'd been living within a few blocks of each other and just hadn't known it.

"Well, if you want," I said, "come over a bit early and the four of us can catch up before the party really gets started."

We exchanged phone numbers, hugged again then I headed on my way while she continued into the convenience store. Rob found it pretty cool that I'd run into her and that she and Bev lived nearby. He was glad I'd invited them to come by. As I'd suggested, they came by early and we had a nice little reunion as we finished up our last-minute preparations for the party. They both looked great; Robyn was still a thin brunette but with a bit more curves to her than back when I'd been inspired to call her Bob and Bev, who'd always been just a bit curvier, still wore her naturally blonde hair long. As our other guests arrived, there were quite a few who knew both Robyn and Bev so there was a lot of catching up going on. It was a great night and led to Rob and me hanging out with Robyn and Bev quite a bit from that point forward.

Initially, it was nothing more than the four of us hanging out occasionally, going to a bar, or catching a movie or hooking up with some other friends. It was purely platonic, though I certainly had my fair share of thoughts about what it might be like if it wasn't. I didn't want to mess up a good thing, though, and was content to see how things played out. Neither of them had boyfriends and neither Rob nor I had a girlfriend, so I knew there was potential, especially if a bit of alcohol was involved, which it often was. The first time anything really happened, though, there was actually no alcohol being consumed. Whether it was Robyn trying to initiate something or just a natural turn of events ultimately didn't matter to me because I was more than pleased with the way things went that evening.

It was after work on a Tuesday evening when Robyn called to see what we were up to but Rob was taking a night school class so I was on my own for the night. Robyn was calling because Bev was out for the night, too, so I asked what she wanted to do. Rather than going out, she was up for just sitting around at my place watching some TV. I'd left the door unlocked and was in the recliner in front of the TV when she arrived, so I just yelled for her to come on in. It was warm enough that she'd walked over wearing shorts that really showed off her long, thin legs which I knew my attention would be drawn to so I was going to have to be careful. She didn't make it any easier on me when she decided to join me in the recliner rather than taking another seat. It wasn't exactly made for two people, but we were both thin enough, though we did end up with one of her legs draped over one of mine. We watched and chatted for a while before I reached down to touch her calf because it looked so smooth.

"Wow," I said, turning to face her, "did you shave your legs just for me?"

"Well, I...uh..." Robyn stammered, which immediately suggested to me that she actually had shaved her legs just for me. I'd actually just been kidding, but her reaction was enlightening. She was starting to blush and I didn't want her to feel uncomfortable so, somehow, my subconscious decided the best thing to do was to kiss her. I don't believe I gave it any conscious thought at all, and maybe that was a good thing, but our faces weren't that far apart to begin with and I suddenly felt her soft lips against mine. Fortunately, she was quite receptive to the kiss and it went from kind of sweet and romantic to a lot more passionate pretty quickly. The recliner kicked all the way back so that we were nearly flat, Robyn on her back and me on my side. The hand that had been checking out her smooth calf had slid right up to her smooth inner thigh. Normally in this position I'd probably have gone for her boob first but, since she didn't brush my hand away from her inner thigh or move it somewhere else, I just kept softly caressing it, once I actually realized that I'd been doing it. Of course, as I caressed it, I moved it up higher and higher until it was up the leg of her shorts and contacting her panties. With no objection still, I ran my fingertips over the damp front of her panties as she spread her legs for me. I interpreted this as an invitation so I slipped my hand out of the leg of her shorts and used it to unbutton them.

I was really pleasantly surprised with this turn of events and didn't want to give Robyn any reason to reconsider the way things were going. I figured we had several hours available before Rob got home so I should take my time and not push for anything to happen too quickly. My goal immediately became to try to make her cum because, even if nothing else happened, that would increase the chances of her being interested in hooking up again after tonight. Once I had the zipper down, I slipped my hand into her shorts and went back to lightly caressing the front of her panties.

Having my hand inside her shorts was, of course, huge but I was also beyond pleased just to be kissing her. Not only was Robyn really cute but I'd had a crush on her when we'd first started going to school together back in the day. We'd become friends and I wasn't really carrying a torch for her all through school, but I definitely always felt an attraction to her. Add to that the fact that I wasn't currently involved with anyone and neither was she and it just really felt right. At that moment, I just wanted to make sure that everything I did would result in things continuing to progress and that I didn't do anything to screw it up.

When I slipped my hand into Robyn's panties, I felt a bit of a trim bush there before my fingers found the slippery folds of her pussy. She moaned as I slipped a finger into her but, when I started to lightly caress her clit, she had to pull her mouth from mine briefly to express the pleasure that she was experiencing. She quickly pressed her lips against mine again and expressed even more passion through her kissing. I was happy to have such an effect on her just as I was happy to have my hand inside her panties. This was definitely an opportunity to take advantage of. I wanted to provide her with as much pleasure as I could manage while simultaneously appreciating being given the opportunity to do so. I focused on gently caressing her clit while occasionally dipping my finger into her snug, slippery pussy to spread some more of her juices over it. She was rocking her hips and moaning almost continuously which was unquestionably a good thing.

As much as I wanted to eat her pussy and lap up all of those juices, I didn't want to abruptly change the status quo, especially in case she wasn't ready for that yet. I didn't even try to get her shorts and panties off for the same reason. Though it is always a bit trickier to work inside the confines of a snug pair of panties, I always kind of felt like, if I had been granted the opportunity to slip my hand into her panties, I was perfectly okay with keeping it there. I mean, why be so anxious to get your hand into her panties, then immediately want to take her panties off? It didn't make sense to me. So I was relishing the opportunity I'd been granted and making sure she didn't regret granting it. Based on how she was writhing around and moaning, and how much wetter and more engorged her pussy felt each time I dipped my finger into it, I was pretty certain that there was going to be no regret on her part.

After a while, I could feel her starting to tense up some and surmised that she was right on the verge of cumming. I was feeling some relief myself, since this had been my goal, and a bit of anticipation to see where this would go next. She finally pulled her mouth from mine and pressed her face against my neck while moaning longer and louder. I just kept it going, the way I had been the entire time, even as she let out a different sounding moan that seemed to be expressing relief and her body started to tremble. I didn't want to adversely affect her orgasm by stopping too soon so I waited until she went completely still and had let out a ragged sigh before I slipped my hand out of her panties. I wanted to lick her juices off my finger but, again, I wasn't sure how she'd react to that, so I didn't.

"That was, oh my God, I don't think I've ever..." she was stammering again so she just kissed me hard while she gathered her thoughts.

"Even with my own fingers," she started, blushing again, "I've never cum so hard just from..."

She trailed of and just wiggled her fingers.

"From letting a guy get to third base?" I suggested.

"Exactly!" she exclaimed, "So now I'm going to show you how much I appreciated it."

She went right to work opening my shorts and quickly had my throbbing, rigid cock extracted. She repositioned herself so that, while I was now reclining on my back, she was kneeling beside me. She pumped my cock in her fist briefly before lowering her head and engulfing it in her mouth. I moaned as she slid her lips down my shaft, my attention fixed on the visual of my cock disappearing into her mouth. I suspected that it was not going to take very long before I was blowing a load and hoped that she would be willing to receive it in her mouth. She started to slowly slide her mouth up and down my tool, holding the base initially but gradually beginning to gently pump it. Her oral skills certainly were not lacking so I made sure that I let her know verbally how much I was enjoying her cocksucking.

It was almost too much, not only receiving a blowjob, but receiving a blowjob from Robyn and in the daylight so I could watch. My cock had been hard from the moment our lips first met and to now have her orally pleasuring me, knowing I was going to get relief, was just outstanding. I don't know whether she was trying to draw out my pleasure or just trying to make me cum but, either way, there wasn't much chance of me being able to hold out for very long. When she cupped my balls with her free hand, I was just about done for. I could feel my cock becoming even thicker, though she never hesitated, and the level of pleasure I was feeling was unprecedented. I think I was still telling her how incredible she was but I really can't remember since I don't believe any blood was flowing to my brain at that moment.

When I finally exploded into her mouth, my orgasm was incredibly intense and, while I was savoring the pleasure, I also noted that she was swallowing my load and continuing to suck me off. It wasn't until I was completely spent that she stopped sucking my cock and raised her head.

"I hope that was okay," she said, looking unsure of herself.

"Okay?" I asked, "That was fucking fantastic!"

I pulled her toward me and, despite her cum breath, I kissed her hard.

"Now, I hope you will allow me to return the favor," I said.

"You don't have to," she replied, "but I'm certainly not going to try to stop you."

"Good," I said, "because I really want to and I wouldn't make it easy for you to stop me."

I kissed her again then grabbed the handle on the side of the recliner and un-reclined us. I moved to the floor and knelt before her, reaching for her shorts and sliding them down, leaving her panties on her for the moment. Her light-purple panties were nothing fancy, so I wasn't sure if she'd put them on expecting me to see them or not. I set her shorts aside after sliding them down her long, smooth legs, then pushed her legs apart and kissed her smooth inner thighs from her knees to her panties. I caressed the front of her panties again then kissed her hips and abdomen before starting to slide them down. She raised her ass up for me so I ran my hands over her bare cheeks while sliding her panties down. As I worked the front down, a dark brown, groomed strip of fur was revealed which made me think that she was ready for swimsuit season to start. It briefly occurred to me, although I was in the process of getting her naked, that she probably looked incredible in a bikini. I wondered whether I'd have the opportunity to spend some time with her in her bikini while other guys looked on enviously.

I set her panties aside, too, once I'd slid them down her long legs then spread her legs apart again. I admired her trim bush as I lowered my face toward it then ran my tongue up through it, along her slit. She moaned and pushed her pussy toward my face so I did it again, slowly running my tongue up her slit and slurping up the juices she was producing. I continued doing this but gradually began to direct my focus more on her clit until I was licking just that. I slipped a finger into her while licking and sucking her clit as she grabbed my head while whipping her own head back and forth. Her pussy was just as incredibly hot and juicy as it had been when I'd had just my hand inside her panties, and I knew that the odds were now even better that I'd be slipping my cock into her before the night was through.

At this point, my goal was not only to make her cum again, but also to enjoy the opportunity to have my face between her thighs, licking her clit and fingering her pussy. I certainly hadn't expected when I woke up that morning that, by the end of the day, I'd be eating pussy, much less Robyn's pussy. I assumed that it was pretty unlikely that this would be my only opportunity to eat her pussy but I absolutely wanted to make sure I fully appreciated the opportunity as well as making sure that she enjoyed it as much as I could manage. Not surprisingly, the longer I ate her pussy and the more I considered where I was and what I was doing, the quicker my spent cock was recovering. Even as fast as she appeared to be building up to her second orgasm, I was still feeling like I'd probably be ready to go again by the time she finished cumming.

Much like when I'd made her cum with my finger alone, Robyn's pussy was becoming wetter and more engorged the closer she got to cumming. I just continued doing my best to make sure she experienced the greatest level of pleasure possible and was feeling pretty comfortable that I was accomplishing that goal. She was tensing up a little bit while pulling my head toward her pussy but it didn't adversely affect what I was doing. I was certain of this when she suddenly went limp and her body started to shake as her orgasm coursed through her. I continued to eat her pussy as she was cumming and planned to keep at it until I was absolutely certain she was through. Her orgasm appeared to not only be quite long but pretty intense, as well, based on the noises she was making. When she finally seemed to be settling down, I raised my head and slipped my finger from her pussy into my mouth. I was still kneeling with my face close to her pussy, further admiring it, when she spoke.

"Oh my God, you're fucking incredible," she finally gasped out, "I'm so glad we ran into each other that night at the store."

"No such thing as a coincidence," I replied, standing up with my rigid cock sticking out before me.

"Do you have a condom?" she asked, reaching out to stroke my cock.

"Of course," I replied, "Do you want to stay out here or go to my bedroom?"

"When is Rob going to be home?" she asked.

"Oh, he's not even out of class yet, and he always goes to the bar afterwards," I said after checking the time, "so we've got several hours yet."

"Good," she replied, "let's stay right here on the recliner."

I had a condom in my wallet which was sitting nearby so I grabbed my wallet and extracted it but didn't open it immediately. First I wanted us both to be completely naked, so I stripped off my t-shirt, which was my last remaining article of clothing. Then I helped Robyn stand up and raised her t-shirt up over her head, leaving her wearing just her bra. I caressed her tits for the first time through her bra, feeling her hard nipples pressing out against the thin material, then reached behind her and unhooked it. My attention was fixed on her tits as her bra slid down her arms and they were revealed. They were of about average size with small areolas and hard nipples, which I lowered my head to lick and suck while she held my head and moaned. I was caressing the soft flesh while my lips and tongue were working but my hands found their way down to her ass, which I had not yet spent enough time caressing, either. Robyn finally took my face in her hands and turned it up so that I was looking at her.

"Let's fuck," she said with a smile and I thought I might have fallen in love with her at that precise moment. I straightened up and grabbed the condom, tearing it open and just tossing the wrapper aside. I rolled it down on my throbbing cock then we both climbed onto the recliner and I laid us out nearly horizontal again. She straddled me and guided my cock to her pussy, then sat down on it, engulfing it in her hot, slippery confines. We both moaned as my cock filled her and I was amazed at how snug she was. She sat for a moment before starting to slowly move up and down on my shaft while I reached up to fondle her tits again. Despite the thin layer of latex, her pussy felt outstanding as it slid up and down my tool. I was savoring the feel of her riding me while also enjoying the feel of her tits against my palms. I caressed the soft, smooth flesh and ran my hands over her hard nipples while watching the expression of pleasure on her face. It made me smile knowing that she was so visibly enjoying herself.

As she continued to ride me, my hands also caressed her waist, upper thighs and ass. It turned out that the only thing that could distract me from her face was when I noticed her boobs bouncing. I would still fondle them a bit but my hands spent more time on her sweet ass while my gaze was spending more time on her perky tits. I wasn't really pushing up into her as she was riding me, leaving her in control of the pace. The longer she rode my cock, the faster she was riding it as she pursued yet another orgasm. I could even feel through the condom that her pussy was becoming hotter and wetter as she got closer and closer to cumming again. My own orgasm was beginning to stir, as well, the longer she rode me. I was in no immediate danger of cumming, but I was enjoying a slow and pleasurable build-up and expected to be not too far behind her when she came.
