 Charmaine cleaned the cum that was all over her tits and belly, and off her face. She emerged from the bathroom with a towel draped around her nakedness shyly, only to be met in the hall by Dean. 

He had a raging hard on again, and just the sight of his member sent tingles up her spine and a surge of desire shot through her. 

He kissed her hard, holding her close. She put her arms around him and kissed him deeply, pussy still buzzing from the feel of his big cock. He broke the kiss, undoing her towel. 

"I want you again." he said, and she let the towel drop to the floor, revealing everything to him. She pressed her soft, naked, tanned body against him, fully aware of the 9 inch organ pressed against her belly. His tongue went far into her mouth as he backed her into her room. When they got to her bed, she fell back onto it, sexy legs open for him. Her pink pussy lips were wet and quivering, inviting him, at the mercy of his intrusion. 

"No" he said, "I want you on your hands and knees." Charmaine quickly obeyed, pussy buzzing, sexy ass sticking up into the air. Dean knelt behind her, huge cock pointing right at her ass. 

"Ohhhh God!" she moaned, "I don't know if I can take you this way!" He slowly slid his fat mushroom head along her pussy lips up to her entrance just beneath her ass. He pushed forward and her wet cunt easily took the head of his penis inside. "Ohhhhhhh...." she moaned as her tight lips stretched around the crown of his tool. She gasped for breath as he grabbed the sides of her ass and slowly pushed more of himself into her. Her pussy now warmed the top half of his penis. He pulled it most of the way out, before sliding his entire organ inside her to the hilt. 

"Oh my God!" Charmaine moaned, "It's too big! Go slow!" He slowly slid his large penis in and out of her wet pussy. His groin gently tapped her ass as he took her from behind. She was moaning, tits rocking back and forth as she got used to his size. Her breasts were slowly rocking back and forth as 9 inches of penis slowly slid in and out of her hot vagina. 

Charmaine found that she was used to the size, and she was actually ramming her sexy, tanned ass back against him, moaning. 'slap slap slap slap slap slap slap' Dean's groin was slapping hard against her ass, and her asscheeks rippled with each impact. Her tits were swinging back and forth beneath her as she got fucked from behind. Dean grabbed the sides of her smooth ass and began driving his manhood into her eager cunt. "Ohhh! Unh! Unh! Ohhh! Ohh! Unh! Unh! Ohh God!" she was gasping for breath, orgasm rising. "Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Charmaine gasped for breath, cumming as her pussy gripped his giant dick. 

Just then, her roommates got home. They could hear her cries coming from her bedroom. They could also clearly hear the slapping of Dean's groin agaisnt her ass, as well as the loud squeeking of the bed. They assumed Danny was over, not even remotely considering that it could be another man. 

Dean was losing control, looking down on this naked beauty on her hands and knees before him. He slid his long cock out of her twat. He came. His first shot landed on her shoulder! The rest painted her back and ass. He moaned as he emptied his balls on her ass. She felt his hot cum all over her naked ass and back. White semen covered a large portion of her body. Charmaine sighed, her boyfriend forgotten for now.

* * * * *

Dean left shortly after, thoroughly happy with his visit. Charmaine waited for Danny's phonecall the next morning and when it never came, she began to get ready - she would further her revenge. 

Dean checks out of the hotel at 1. By 12:30, still no phone call so she called a cab. Her makeup was done perfect, her hair was up, she was wearing a white T-shirt, a brown skirt, and no panties. By 12:45 she was at his hotel room door. She had his penis in her mouth by 12:46, and her pussy was getting dicked by 12:50. Revenge would be fun!

Dean was getting his shit together when he heard a knock on the door. Anticipation had Charmaine's pussy sopping wet as she knocked on the door. He opened the door and smiled when he saw the most beautiful woman in the world. 

"What are you doing here?" he asked. She gave him a peck on the mouth as her fingers undid the button on his shorts. 

"I just wanted to say goodbye." she answered, sinking to her knees. She unzipped his fly. Grabbing both his shorts and his underwear in her hands, she pulled them both down, unleashing a semi hard penis as he stepped out of them. She stuck her tongue out and lightly licked his bag. His cock responded, slightly moving. She opened her mouth, taking his entire semi hard pole inside. She felt his cock grow hard quickly in her mouth. Suddenly, her mouth was stuffed full of cock, and she only had half of it! 

"Mmmmm" she moaned as she ran her lips slowly up and down his shaft. Dean tore off his shirt and watched his huge dick disappear into Charmaine's pretty face. He moaned as she went nuts on his cock, sucking hard and slurping loudly. He held her head as she eagerly gobbled his cock. His other hand reached down and grabbed her shirt, pulling it up her back. She pulled his thick penis out of her mouth with a slurp, allowing him to pull her shirt off. He pushed her black bra straps down her tanened shoulders as she stuffed his manhood back into her mouth. His thick cock filled her mouth, her small hand stroking the base as she sucked hard on the top part. 

He slid his hand down her smooth back. He unsnapped her bra. it fell to the floor, Charmaine still sucking him off as her beautiful tits were freed. He watched her lips slide up and down his massive, 9 inch rod until he could no longer take it. He lifted her head and his meat popped out of her mouth. 

She stood up, naked breasts heaving as she put her arms around his neck. he kissed her deeply, tongue exploring her mouth as his hands undid her button and zipper. her skirt fell to the floor. She was completely naked except for her black sandals. Her tongue continued to explore his mouth, pussy tingling uncontrollably. His hands gripped her bare ass tightly as they rubbed tongues. he turned her toward the bed.

Charmaine fell back on the bed, sexy legs open. Her naked pussy was exposed, defenseless, and soaking wet. her sandal covered feet lay resting far apart on the bed as Dean stared at her gorgeous bush surrounding her swollen pussy lips. She stared at the humongous penis that was about to pierce her needy body as his gaze moved up to her naked breasts. 

He knelt between her open legs, her small, tanned hand immediately grabbing his massive cock. She placed the mushroom head at the entrance of her wet vagina, breathing heavily. He pushed forward and her wet cunt opened easily to allow his thick pole to squeezed inside part way. 

"Ohhh fuck!" she cried, tight pussy still not used to such width. The top half of his penis was inside her warmth, and he forced the rest of himself inside her. 

"Ohhh God!" she moaned, "You're so big!" He lay on to p of her, long penis held snugly inside her horny vagina as his searching lips found hers. They kissed deeply as he slid slowly in and out of her sopping twat. Her orgasm was rising just from the size of the cock inside her as she moaned in his mouth. He broke the kiss and fucked Charmaine harder, watching her tits bounce. Long, hard strokes soon brought her to orgasm. "Ohhhhhhhh...." she moaned, straightening her legs as she came. Her legs squeezed him so tight that he couldn't move as she came hard around him. Her sandal covered feet were outstretched behind him. 

Finally, he was free to move, and move he did. He fucked her hard, bouncing Charmaine helplessly off the bed. Her feet were flailing behind his rapidly thrusting ass. The people in the next room could hear her moaning loudly through the walls. Her feet bounced off his ass as he thrusted into her, both of their orgasms were rising. 

Charmaine came first, legs tightening around him. Dean was cumming. He tried to pull out but her legs had a death grip on him, holding him deep inside her. He shot another one of his huge loads. His penis was trapped far inside her fertile vagina and wave after wave of his thick cum fired inside her. 

"Ohhh God!" she moaned, squeezing him tightly with her legs as he emptied his balls into her pussy. He kissed her softly as the last of his semen trickled into her.