 "Fuck!" I yelled when I turned into the first empty parking space I found. I franticly searched the backseat for my work badge. I had it laminated the day before with my picture and ID number. I was told this was my only way to access doors and offices, and it was my responsibility to bring it everyday. 

The radio station that I had just gotten a job at was a godsend. My mass communications degree was still warm from the hands of the dean less than 2 months earlier. After 20 resumes and what seemed like a thousand interviews, I finally ended up here. A rock station with a huge following where the radio personalities seem to be your best friend and I knew I would fit in. I could relate I suppose, since all the staff I had meet were very friendly so far, even the guy who hired me.

"Thank you!" I yelled out, this time in triumph as I dug my laminated badge from between the seats. I sighed from relief and neatly attached it to my shirt. The dress code was casual so I choose a pair of blue cords and a fitted top. I touched up my blush and lip-gloss, took a deep breath and stepped out of my car.

Here goes nothing.

I began my walk to the front door, mentally going over my duties. I was hired as a Promotions Director Assistant for the afternoon DJs – Michael and Angela - who, I were told, were the stars of the station. Their cult following extended beyond the station and into events where they hung out and interacted with the audience. Today I was going to meet them.

I smiled brightly when I made my way to the front door, proudly displayed my badge and delighted in the beep sound the door made when it unlocked. I found my way to the 3rd floor and found my desk. 

"Not too bad," I said to myself.

"Morgan!" I turned my head at the sound of my name and smiled when I saw Steve, the Producer of the Michael and Angela Show. He was the one who had interviewed me the week before and offered me the job yesterday. 

"Hi Steve," I said pleasantly. I didn't want to seem to eager, although I was so excited to be at the station and I was ready to get to work. 

"Morgan, glad you came back!" He laughed. "Usually we tell people what the job really entails and then we never see them again. We took bets on if you would even come in today." 

"Who won?" I asked smiling. It was easy to do around Steve, whose personality radiated fun. He even looked fun. He had matched a pair of jeans with a t-shirt and a blazer overtop. His hair was spiked up and his posture of I-don't-give-a-shit-what-people-think attitude made him look even sexier.

Stop, I thought to myself. I am here to do a job, not get –

"...So, why don't we start there and see what happens?" Steve had been saying something. Shit. I wasn't paying attention.

"Um, sure. Lets get to it!" I said brightly, trying not to stare at his ass. I followed him through a maze of cubicles to a large office that looked like it was supposed to be a conference room. The room was filled with people, I assumed from the station, and talking ceased when we walked in. I guess Steve was the man in charge.

"Hey guys, thanks for coming in." He nodded to a few people and then turned to me. "This is Morgan, the new Promotions girl. Don't rag on her too much and lets try to keep this one for more than a week, okay?" He winked and smiled at me, which I think indicated he was joking. I hope he was anyway.

A moment later two more people entered into the conference room and Steve leaned over to me. 

"That short one, that's Michael. The girl, that's Angela." I had heard them both on the radio, but hadn't seen them in person before. Michael didn't seem as short as they always made them out to be. His blond hair was cut choppy in a punk boy band way and his pierced ears reflected the overhead lights. He was cute overall. His ass wasn't bad either.

Angela was a real cutie. She had that girl-next-door look with a tomboy attitude. I know she wasn't the type to put up with anyone's shit, and I knew from the bickering I sometimes heard on air she didn't put up with Michaels. He long brown hair was loose, and she looked very comfortable with the guys wearing jeans and a hair band t-shirt. I knew we would get along great.

"Michael, Angela. This is Morgan," Steve said pointing to me. "She's the new Promotions Directors Assistant." I extended my hand to both, but it was Michael who took it first.

"How you doin'?" he asked in mock accent. "Fresh meat, eh?" I smiled politely, knowing that they could dish it out all they want – I could hold my own and fire off a few myself. 

"Don't mind his short ass," Angela said mockingly. "He can't find his own meat so he likes to play with others." The room erupted in laughter and Michael shrugged. I suppose he was used to the banter and it didn't seem that his feelings were too hurt.

"Okay, lets get this meeting going." Steve said, pointing me to a chair. "You just try and keep up as best you can, and if you have questions, feel free to ask." He winked at me as he began talking. I kept up pretty well and asked questions when they seemed important. This wasn't going to be such a hard job.

The following week I was sitting in my cubical, making some calls to local clubs, trying to get Michael and Angela booked for a night. The fans liked to see them out and about, playing bar games and giving stuff away. Everyone wanted free stuff. I had finally gotten acquainted with everyone in the office, and most seemed shocked I was still around. To be honest, it was a fun job, although the hours were sometimes odd.

"Morgan?" I turned to see Michael leaning against the entrance of my cube, carryout bag in hand. "Hungry?"

"Oh, starved!" I reached out for the bag and he handed it over. 

"Mind if I sit?" He asked, pulling up a chair.

"Um, no, go ahead. Just watch - " I pulled a pile of papers from the chair, " – the papers."

We sat in contented silence for a while munching on our food. Satisfied I finally put down my sandwich and took a swig of soda. Michael did the same and then began to speak.

"You know, you're not doing to bad of a job." He started. "Usually we scare away all the promotions people within the first day. It's a pretty demanding job."

"Its not too bad," I said. "You guys are really fun to work with."

"Yeah, but we talk a lot of shit and some people can't hang. You're doing good, girl." I smiled at the compliment and said thank you. He went on. "You're not bad to look at either."

"Um, I think that is a compliment." I said laughing. 

"Yeah it is. Trust me, I'm not the only one who thinks so." He said. I laughed again.

"Who else could be talking about me already?" My curiosity was peeked.

"Well, if I tell you, what do I get?" Michael asked, leaning back. For a second my eyes got big, wondering just what he expected me to do. I began to tell him where he could go, but he laughed and said, "Just kidding! Kidding! I'll tell you." He looked around and lowered his voice. "Steve."

"Steve?" I asked. I mean, I thought he was totally fuckable, but I never got a vibe from him like that. 

"Steve." Michael said again. "He thinks your great, talks about your ass all the time. Between you and me," He lowered his voice again, "Steve wants to bend you over his desk and pull off those tight jeans you're always wearing." 

"Steve?" I asked again, just to make sure I understood. I arched my eyebrow when Michael nodded his head. I smiled 

"I see your little wheels turning now, girl." Michael said laughing. He collected the trash off my desk and tossed it into the can. "Just remember," he said, leaning over to my ear, "You didn't hear it from me."

Michael walked out of my cubical and left me in contemplation. I had two choices. One, believe that Michael was being truthful and Steve really wanted to fuck me or two Michael was just being an asshole and trying to stir something up for his own entertainment value. I wanted to believe in choice number one, because it had been way too long since I've had something else inside – well, you get the idea.

And even as I sat there, I began feeling the wetness gather in my panties at the thought of Steve bending me over his desk, his hands on my hips, guiding himself inside me, pounding into my tight little – 

"Morgan?"

I was jarred away from my fantasy by Angela's voice. 

"Uh, yeah. What can I do for you?" I asked clearing my throat.

"Are you okay? You look a little flustered."

"No, I'm fine, really. What's up?"

"Well, I was supposed to go with Steve to this meeting downtown, but I have to jet out to pick up my friend from the airport. Can you go with him?" I thought about it for a second. 

"Shouldn't Jake be going?" I asked. He was the actually Promotions Director and I had only met him once since being at the station.

"Nope. He's out of town. You're next in line." Shit.

"Well, I guess if that is what you are paying me for, that's what I need to do then."

"Sweet. I'll let Steve know." Angela turned to leave and then called back to me, "Be ready in about 30 minutes."

"Yeah, I'll be ready." I gathered my purse and handbag and chucked the rest of my soda. I wasn't sure what to believe. I mean, I thought Steve was hot, and given the opportunity I would definitely make a move, but I didn't know if I should be mixing business with pleasure. But goddamn it, I needed some pleasure! 

I made my way downstairs and outside, where Steve was waiting with the logoed van. 

"Hey!" He called out to me brightly. "Where's Angela?"

"She said she was picking someone up from the airport and that since Jake wasn't here, I had to come to this meeting downtown. She was supposed to let you know." 

"Oh, yeah! She's going to pick up Mark. Well, we all call him Gay Mark, but he's friends of everyone here at the station."

"Oh!" I said, laughing. "I know who that is! He does the weather right? Marks Gay Weather. He's really funny!"

"Yeah, he's a fun guy. You'll probably meet him tonight at the concert. Him and Angela are good friends. I think he is coming back from vacation."

By now we had gotten into the van and Steve was driving towards the city. I didn't know what else to say, so he started conversation.

"So, honestly, how do you like it?" he asked.

"Its good," I replied, "Everyone is really nice and helpful. I don't know why anyone else would have problems with this job."

"Well, you are doing a fine job." Steve said, patting my knee. An electric shock ran up through my body, targeting my center. I shuddered. 

"Sorry!" he said, withdrawing his hand. "I didn't mean to get all touchy feely or anything! Shit. I didn't mean it in a sexual way or anything, just friendly..." He trailed off. Was he afraid I was going to report sexual harassment?

"No, its okay," I said, smiling. "I liked it." The van swerved a bit when Steve whipped his head around to look at me. I kept smiling.

"Come again?" He asked.

"I said I liked it. Don't worry about it." I smiled. "I won't tell." Steve smiled back.

"Huh," He paused at a red light. "Did you talk to Michael today?" he asked.

"Yeah, he brought me lunch. Why?"

"That son of a bitch." Steve said, chuckling. "I knew he couldn't keep his mouth shut."

"Its okay," I said smiling at him. "I thought what he said, well, what you said, was pretty interesting. I didn't think you were into me like that."

"Well, I try not to get involved with people I work with. It always ends up badly."

"I know, but it is fun while it lasts." I smiled.

"Huh," was all he said. Perhaps he was contemplating our situation. I glanced inadvertently into his lap and laughed.

"Looks like you are already thinking something," I said, nodding in his direction. He became beat red and repositioned himself. 

"Sorry. I normally don't get like this."

"Its okay, really." I paused. "It doesn't bother me."

"I'm sorry." He said again. "I'm a little embarrassed."

"No, don't be. Really. Maybe later we can fix that." Steve raised his brow at me and smiled. I turned to look straight ahead and tried to concentrate on the meeting. That was the longest drive of my life.

PART II

Back at the station, 3 hours later: 

Angela had just lit a cigarette when Mark came out of the station doors. He had just changed his clothes from his travel gear to a more comfortable outfit. 

"Oh, I feel so much better." He exclaimed. He threw his bag back into her car and ran his fingers through his hair. "So, what's on the agenda?" He asked.

"Nothing until tonight," Angela replied. She handed over the cigarette when Mark reached for it. He inhaled and coughed. 

"Ugh, I never was one for this shit," he said.

"Alright, I'm almost done." Angela said, puffing quickly. 

"So, what's this I hear about a new promotions girl? Michael seemed to think that Steve had a thing for her. What a shame for me that Steve is into girls, but the way Mike made it seem that he was really into her."

"Yeah, I got the same thing. I sent her with him to the meeting downtown today."

"Do you think that is wise?" Mark asked curiously.

"I mean, I don't own him or anything, we just fuck once in awhile. A boredom thing." She inhaled again.

"I guess," Mark said. "You're not jealous are you?" He raised his eyebrow.

"No, I am not jealous!" she spat back, puffing a last drag. "Its just that I expect at least equal treatment."

"You mean just as long as you don't go without, he can diddle her?"

"If you want to think of it that way, then sure." Angela said. 

"Maybe you can share him." Mark joked.

"Man, why do you dudes always go there with that?"

"Well, if it were me, and I was a girl, even if I didn't like girls, which I don't, I would still want some of Steve."

"Yeah, so do I." Angela said making her way back to the building with Mark in tow. 

"I just had the most wicked thought ever!" Mark exclaimed excitedly. "Lets see what happens between them. Lets videotape them doing it, and then use it for blackmail. When you are ready for her be gone – poof – you have sex on videotape. Plus I can stare at Steve's ass in slow motion."

"Mark!" Angela said, slapping him playfully. "That's not nice. Although, it would be pretty funny." She stifled a giggle.

"Well, I think it would fabulous to see. What does this little treat look like anyway?"

"She's okay. Dark hair, light eyes, great complexion. Nice body. She's no me of course - "

"Of course,"

" – But she really is nice. If she actually sticks around she might make it somewhere in this business."

"Bless your heart, Angela." Mark said almost sarcastically. "Just be on your toes. I'm a great videographer if you ever need me." They both laughed as they made their way to the 3rd floor. It was going on 3 already, and Angela need to go over notes with Mike before the show started. Mark made himself comfortable at her desk, flipping through a Home and Garden magazine he'd brought from the plane. 

"I'll be right back, Mark." She said walking to the hall. "I gotta go get my promo sheets from Steve. Sit tight."

"Always!" Mark answered without looking up from the magazine. 

As Angela rounded the corner to Steve's office, she noticed that the door was closed. That's odd. She thought to herself. Before she could knock, she heard voices and instead, pressed her ear to the door. 

Steve had thrown his light jacket over the coat rack and thrown the paperwork from our downtown meeting on the desk.

"This shit is really starting to get to me." He said frustrated. "For once I want to be able to actually pull off one of these ideas." Steve was referring to some rather risqué bar games including bananas and peeling and deep throating. Unfortunately the powers that be and the FCC as well as many of the bars we were associated with refused to allow us to do them.

"Hey, its alright," I said, flipping open the file and taking a seat opposite his at the desk. "We just need to rework them a little and fit them into mainstream. I mean, who doesn't want to peel a banana and deep throat it between the tits of hot girl?" 

Steve laughed. "Well, maybe we should try it out first to see if works." He hopped up and went to his private min-fridge next to the closet. "Shit. No bananas."

"Well, you tried at least. Maybe when Jake gets back, we can brainstorm - "

"Wait, I got it!" Steve exclaimed a gleam in his eye.

"What do you have?" I was afraid to ask, but did anyway, trying hard to keep the laughter from my voice.

"I have something better than a banana."

My eyes raised and I felt my nipples harden at what he was suggesting. I squirmed in my seat, moisture once again collecting in my little white panties. 

"What did you have in mind?" I asked, bravely standing, dropping my voice a few octaves. I turned on my sexy voice, and sauntered over to him.

"Its just as big, probably more tasty, and you get something in return." His eyes deepened and he reached for me. His lips mashed to mine, his tongue darting quickly into my mouth. Just as quickly as he kissed me, he stopped, eyes moving to the door and one lone window.

"Hold on." He said, walking to the shade and drawing it down. He checked the door and pressed the lock button in. Satisfied that we were secure, he stepped back.

I sauntered over to him slowly while I unbuttoned the first two buttons on my shirt. He smiled as he sat down in the oversized leather chair. My breasts spilled out of my shirt and I undid another button to emphasize. I leaned over him and placed my tits in his face as he rubbed his goatee between them, kissing the sides. He growled low in his throat and grabbed my back to pull me closer.

I kissed his waiting lips and traveled down his neck to where his skin was exposed at the top of his shirt. I started to unbutton the button, kissing as I went. I reached for his belt buckle and rubbed the hard mound between his legs before I unzipped the fly and let his warm erection fill my hands. I fell to my knees and took it in my mouth.

Slowly I moved it in and out feeling it grow larger in the warmth of my lips. I played with his balls while I slowly sucked his shaft. I teased him a little, quickening my pace for a few strokes, then slowing. While his eyes were closed and his head leaned back, I had finished unbuttoning my shirt and removed my bra. Spreading his legs a little wider, I slid closer to his lap and dangled my breasts around his cock.

Unhurriedly I let them settle around him and the wet from my mouth let his dick slide easily between my breasts. I tipped my head down and as I leaned into him, I flicked the head of his cock with my tongue and slid back up, moving forward up and back, sliding the thick member between my tits. I slowed as he reached between my legs and felt the wetness there.

"God Morgan," His said as he stood me up. His hands traced and grabbed my legs, my thighs, my ass, as he slid his hand higher up my inner thigh. He kissed me with passion and I felt the heat from his body. " I need this so bad," he murmured. "It's been so damn long."

"Hmmm," was my only reply, my mouth otherwise occupied with his, I was thinking the same thing myself

Desperate for me, he roughly yanked my jeans from my hips, sliding them off my legs and pooling them on the floor. In a quicker manner he discarded my panties and was only satisfied when his fingers slid into my waiting fold. He flicked my clit with his thumb with perfection and I swore his fingers alone could make me come again and again and I didn't want him to stop. 

My breathing was heavy and I moaned through gritted teeth as he withdrew his fingers, now slick with my juice. He touched his finger to my lips and I slowly slid it into my mouth, sucking gently between my teeth, swirling my tongue around the tip. He swayed with desire, groaning. He withdrew his finger and roughly turned my around to face the chair griping my ass.
