 Payton knew she wanted to be famous when she was eight years old. Unlike other young women Payton knew it so strongly that she was more than willing to put in the effort to get famous. 

At ten years old she began doing extra chores at home to get money for music lessons. Every dollar she earned her parents met. Studying guitar Payton practiced for hours between her weekly lessons. She learned songs by women who she admired and sang along so much that her parents made her move out to the garage. 

Then at twelve, already a very good guitar player and singer, she started taking dance. Then she joined the gymnastics team in school. Every day of the week she had some lesson or activity she was scheduled to go to. When she wasn't in an organized activity of some sort she practiced on her own for hours. 

When she had to get braces she was happy, not self-conscious. She knew stars had perfect teeth. 

She did yoga, jogged and ate a healthy well balanced diet.

Her intention to be in peak physical conditioning so that nothing stood between her vision of herself as a Rock Star and the achievement of that goal.

She aged.

Payton entered singing contests, and offered her services at weddings and family gatherings. She did whatever she could to get in front of a crowd and learn performance chops. 

Winning awards and making a name for herself around her town Payton felt as if she were on the right track, eventual stardom were hers for the taking. 

The boys at school started to pay attention to the skinny, little girl who was beginning to blossom. 

Getting her braces off and growing breasts; getting a little taller, though still smaller than most girls, made Payton more confident socially. She dated and fell in the fifteen year old version of love. 

She had her heart broken and she broke hearts. She sang. She played, she practiced, and she wrote songs. 

She learned and she grew up. 

She graduated from high school and she went out into the world to find her fame and fortune. 

She failed. She met disappointment after disappointment. She became discouraged. She cried. A lot. 

She answered an ad for a singer for a band. She auditioned. She got the job. She learned their songs, and taught them some of hers. She worked really hard, and starved. She got better, and the band got better and they got gigs and slowly, ever so slowly they became known. They toured. The made an independent album. 

Payton began to see that her goal might actually come true, but she was missing some crucial element in her song writing, or performance. Something she couldn't define.

Time passed as the band toured and spending all her time with a group of guys, on the road in hotel rooms eventually lead to her having some physical needs. 

"Payton, wanna hang out after the show tonight?" Dylan called to her from the toilet in her dressing room. The other space the guys were using had no bathroom. 

"Sure. What's up?"

"Nothing. I just don't wanna get wasted with those guys tonight, and you barely ever come out, so I thought I'd hang with you if you want."

"Sure. Sounds cool." Payton sat and looked at the door to the bathroom, frozen mid stroke of applying her make-up. Dylan usually was the ringleader of whatever shenanigans the band got up to, so this invitation came as a shock to her.

Turning back to the mirror as Dylan emerged from the toilet she resumed making up her face for tonight. Payton put a great deal of effort into making her face just right for shows. Off stage she wore no make-up whenever possible, but for shows she wanted to look perfect. She never wanted a single photo of her on stage to be anything but ideal. 

Payton was a petite nineteen year old at this point, with long dirty blonde hair that was as straight as a ruler. Her tiny heart shaped face looked innocent and sweet. Wide blue eyes and a small nose made her look younger than she was, and her smiling upturned mouth and pouty lips gave her a sensual vibe that added a sexual element to an otherwise angelic face.

Her body was toned and delicate, like a dancer's. Her small breasts and narrow hips giving her a jail-bait quality that made bar owners nervous, and she was never allowed to stay after shows in case anyone found out she wasn't twenty one. 

"You look great. Really pretty tonight." Dylan observed. 

"Thanks." She said quietly. Payton was getting the impression that Dylan was flirting with her. It was a little unsettling. Was he falling in love? Unlikely. Dylan was good looking, a dark haired, pretty man with chiseled abs and a lean hardness, like a hunter, that worked in perfect contrast to his feminine qualities. And he was the lead guitarist. He got laid almost every night. 

The band had talked to her early on in the tour about letting them sleep in her room so that whomever was bunking with Dylan didn't have to try and sleep next to him having sex all night. And Payton had allowed it, but she wore pajamas in the room and went to bed early so nothing had happened with any of them. 

No-one had said "No Sex" but she wasn't welcoming it. 

Except as Dylan left her alone to get ready she began to think about it in depth. 

Dylan was sexy, for sure. And experienced, which wasn't a bad thing, necessarily. 

But she wasn't interested in a boyfriend right now. At all. Nor did she want to get a reputation among the band as being easy. So far they had been pretty respectful of her. Crass, and immature sure, but they were in a band, they weren't doctors or accountants. 

As Payton went over to the boys change room for a quick warm up with the guys, she felt a little squishy inside thinking about having sex tonight. It had been a while and it would be a welcome relief, if they could set some fair ground rules. 

The show was great. The audience lively, and responsive, and the chemistry between Dylan and Payton as they traded vocals, and guitar parts was fantastic.

She was the main singer, he the lead guitarist, but he also sang very well, and she also played excellently, so they often traded back and forth, swapping solos and lead vocals. This confused and impressed the audience. They did more duets than many bands and it added a sexual outlet for audience members of both sexes. Being able to connect with both genders during a set added a lot to the bands popularity. 

Payton and Dylan usually sang to each other in flirty songs, and sang to members of the audience during ballads and other appropriate songs creating a seductive atmosphere. 

On this night however almost all the songs were subtly directed at one another. The heat between them was growing and the crowd was getting into it. More couples danced together on the floor, and sexual tension filled the space. 

After the last set the bar quickly cleared as anyone who could took someone somewhere else to fuck. 

"That was awesome!" Jed the Bass player shouted backstage. "It was so hot out there tonight. We were getting those people off!"

"What was going on?" Neal the drummer asked, as usual off in his own world most of the set.

"The crowd was getting horny from our music." Farid the keyboardist said. "It was like Spring Break out there."

Neither Payton, nor Dylan said anything, but they briefly made guilty eye contact across the room. 

"There will be a lot of babies made tonight!" Jed laughed, and slapped Dylan on the arm. "Be careful bra. You are going to have to claw your way out of here tonight. And Payton may need a stick to beat back the dudes... If you are going home alone tonight?"

She started guiltily. "What?"

"I'm saying if you were still being a prude and going home alone, you'll need a body guard to get out of here. The men out there want to fuck you like nobody's business."

Payton blushed, against her will. She wanted nothing more than for this conversation to end. "Thanks for your concern. I'm a big girl. I can handle myself." 

"You do that too much and you'll go blind!" Neal called, and everyone laughed including Payton. 

The band split into units with Farid and Neal going out with some girls hanging out waiting to play with them. Jed went with Stephen the sound guy and Mark their manager and everyone called out for Dylan to join them as they left. 

He said he had a date lined up, and no-one batted an eye. He did this often, leaving on his own with one of the many ladies waiting for him. 

Instead tonight it was Payton waiting breathlessly for him. 

When they got back to the hotel she left her door open and went in on her own, being cocky, knowing he would come, but not being obvious about wanting him. 

When he came in and gently shut the door behind him he looked nervous. Insecure. 

"Hey." She said casually.

"Hey." He said trying to sound the same. 

"You want a drink."

"You have some?"

"Sure. I'm not a prude no matter what Jed says."

"But you aren't exactly Motley Crue."

"Who is? I don't know how they survived, but I'm not going to risk it." She poured him a glass and handed it to him, then sat on the bed. Dylan hesitated then steeled himself and sat next to her.

"Okay, I'm going to say something here. "She started. "I have a long term plan, big goals. I told you guys all about it in rehearsal, but I am still living my life in the now too. Okay?"

"Okaaaay." He said, not getting it yet.

"I am a woman, just like any other. I'm driven sure, but I like sex. A lot. So here is what I propose. We can fuck if you want. I want to. You are sexy as hell, and tonight had me really hot." He began to grin like a schoolboy. "But!" She stopped him and he held still. "I am not looking for either a boyfriend, or to be a notch on your belt. Get it." 

"Yeah." He looked directly into her eyes. "I really like you Payton. You are a stone cold fox. Really sexy. And smart and talented. You are way better than this band. We all know it. I'm probably an idiot for telling you that. And for telling you that I could probably fall in love with you." When she took in air to protest he stopped her. "But!" She smiled at the echo of what she had done. "I'm in a band. I'm touring. I'm young. I wanna fuck every woman I can, now while it can happen. I won't always be able to have so much fun. You just happen to be the woman I most want in the world right now. You probably will be for a while. But I want to be able fuck anyone I want to right now. How does that sound?"

"Perfect. You sing to me the way you did tonight and you can have me any night. Just not every night. "

"Wicked!"

She leaned in and they began to kiss. Now that they could get their heads out of the way, their bodies took over. His hands reached up and took her small breasts in their strong grip. Massaging the flesh there, cupping them in the warmth of their grip Dylan kneaded the pliant mounds making Payton moan. 

Her hands went through his long, dark tousled hair, snaking through it, pulling him into her face where their tongues danced just as sensually as their voices had earlier.

They began to moan into each other's mouths as the passion became difficult to bear. Rapidly they began to pull each other's clothes off. First his shirt, then hers. Then her bra, and as soon as her breasts were bare he pushed her down forcefully onto her back and he looked down at her tight, toned body.

"Good Christ you are fucking amazing Payton!" As she laughed at his evident glee he leaned over her and took her hard right nipple into his mouth and began to suckle it. Sighing her pleasure Payton held his head to her bosom and felt tingles all over her chest. When her left nipple began to ache from jealously she nudged him with her right arm and he moved to the other breast, making her moan as the tingle there heated up. 

Dylan moved in-between her legs and pressed his hard on against her vulva. Immediately Payton pushed up against him, the heat of her wetness burning in her jeans. Grinding himself down into her he continued to move his mouth from one hard aching nipple to the other. 

Finding it hard to breathe Payton writhed under him trying to get some satisfying position that would enable her to wait while he teased her, but his teasing was too good. She needed him inside her, now, but he was tormenting her with foreplay.

Moving down her flat belly he licked and kissed her quivering stomach while she tried to urge him down faster. He laughed into her belly button and stopped to lick inside there. Groaning her frustration she too laughed. 

"Don't you know how long it's been for me?" She pleaded.

"I'm guessing a while. So in order to not make you regret this I'm going to do it right, if you don't mind too much"

"What if I say I do?"

"I'd rebut; I have been waiting to be here with you since the moment you walked into our rehearsal space eight months ago. So shut up and let me do my thing. It is a well worn fantasy come true."

Flattered and calmer now that she had had a moment to catch her breath she smiled down at him resting his chin in the hollow of her belly button.

"By all means proceed. You have won me over."

Kissing her loudly on the belly he began to return to his teasing licks and kisses, quickly returning her to her fevered state from before. Moving down he kissed along the top of her jeans, moving to her exposed hip bones. Digging his tongue into the hollow between her jeans and her skin, where her hips created a gap between material and flesh, he drove her crazy by not opening her pants and going lower. 

His cock was no longer pressing into her and she felt bereft of its harness. She pounded her first on the bed and groaned some more. 

Suddenly Dylan moved lower and bit down on the material over her crotch. Taking her jeans in his mouth he snarled and shook his head like a dog, startling her and making her laugh. Reaching down she opened her own belt and pulled the button fly open, and while Dylan pulled with his teeth she wriggled out of her jeans. He used his hands to help get them all the way off and she flailed her way out of them and up to the head of the bed, her tiny black panties all she had left on. 

Continuing the animal motif Dylan prowled up onto the bed on all fours like a predatory cat, snarling through his nose. Payton had never played games like this during sex, but she immediately fell into being a cat with him, enjoying the playfulness. 

She hissed and arched her back and moved away from him, staying on the bed. The two of them prowled around each other on all fours moving closer while making cat noises. Then Dylan moved really close, and bit her bum lightly. She shied away yelping and he pounced on her and pinned her down. She wrestled, wriggling trying to get free and loving how much stronger than her he was. 

Trying to flip over on her back Payton writhed around while Dylan held her around the waist and gave her bum nibbles. Squealing and not liking the undignified sounds she was making she fought her way around to her back and tried to grip him with her much stronger thighs.

This rough play was really exciting to her. Sex had always been a series of awkward early groping leading to better and better, yet sensitive, loving sex. She hadn't encountered this silly, irreverent kind of sex before. 

Enjoying herself Payton squeezed Dylan around his trunk with her strong, lean, dancer's legs. He then grabbed her around the torso and lifted her bodily into the air. Holding her up while she clung to him trying not to fall Dylan began to nibble her breasts and bite her nipples, making her gasp as lust flooded her veins again. His style of moving back and forth between overt foreplay, and just play was confusing her mind, but her body knew exactly what was happening, and it liked it. Her passion hovered just below the surface while they played, or talked, but as soon as the sex started again her libido fueled her with more desire for him that ever before. 

Payton let herself go, and limply hung from his grip. Slowly Dylan lowered her back to the bed still ravishing her breasts and when she was settled he made his way down her stomach again driving her wild with lust. 

When he reached her panties he pulled them down a tiny bit kissing along the newly exposed skin. Then he lowered them further and repeated the process. Kissing every part of her lower abdomen he unveiled her neatly trimmed pubic hair. 

Her hair was shaped into a little landing strip of hair that was all that covered her mons. Her lips, hairless from a thorough, recent waxing gleamed in the light of a table-side lamp. 

Pulling her panties down further he trapped her knees with them while lavishing the area around her sex with attention. He focused on everything but her slit, the slick lips puckered with longing. 

When Payton tried to open her legs inviting him in he held her thighs in place and licked the top of them moving away from her steaming juncture. She reached down and pulled on his hair and fought to open her legs. 

He resisted a little, but not much and she could feel his mouth smiling as he kissed her thighs. Then at last he pulled her underwear all the way off and she was free to spread herself open for him. Lowering himself over her pussy he breathed in her aroma, making her self-conscious after a sweaty show, but he smiled and dove in, piercing her with his tongue.

Payton gasped and bucked her hips up at him as he pushed his tongue into her as far as he could. Licking her entire pussy with his tongue he lathered her up and suckled her lips. Moaning her approval Payton squirmed, trying to get him onto her clit, but not wanting to move his mouth off of her smoldering sex. 

A delicious eternity later he at last placed his lips over her clitoris, and she arched back exploding in triumphant orgasm. Hand on his head holding him in place Payton went off, having the best orgasm of her life. Her feet spread wide and braced on the mattress, her body arcing up off of the bed resting only on her shoulders and head she sailed away on a tide of chemicals as her brain was rendered helpless with too much stimuli. 

When she had regained control of thought she opened her eyes to see Dylan smiling down at her from a position stretched out beside her. His chin glistened with her juices and she pulled him down to her and licked his chin, then began to kiss his mouth passionately, gratefully. Rolling him over she kissed down his neck and began to kiss his chest focusing on his nipples now. But she was too feverish to tease him like he had her. Moving down further she kissed his tight abdomen and deftly undid his belt.

Lifting his hips to help her Dylan helped her undress him. Pulling down both his jeans and his underwear she had him naked but for socks in moments and then she reached for and descended on his hard on. 

Aiming his pole at her open mouth Payton paused for a moment and smiled up at Dylan, his face rigid with anticipation. Weakly he smiled down at her. Slowly she moved her mouth closer, allowing her warm breath to graze his straining prick.

Then unable to wait she engulfed him in her eager mouth taking him all the way back until he nudged the back of her throat. Then she puckered out her lips and slurped along the entire length of his pole. 

Licking and sucking him wetly she bathed him in her saliva, thrilled by the size and shape of him. For long wonderful moments she did for him what he had done for her. Teasing and worshipping him she gave as good as she got, making him shudder with pleasure as she licked his shaft. 

Making him tense into utter stillness she sucking air around his head, then causing him to lift his hips up off the bed as she nuzzled and then bathed his balls with her flicking tongue. 

Looking down at his cock at one point, the weighty balls pulled up near his body she made the choice to let him cum in her mouth before fucking him. It seemed like the right thing to do after he had been so good to her. So pumping him with one hand, milking his balls with the other she bobbed her head down over him, her tongue licking long wide strokes over his underside. Popping her lips rapidly over the head of his cock and drawing forth his orgasm she worked him over sensually. 
