 I wasn't expecting any presents this year. At least not in my home. On Christmas morning, I would travel to my parents' house several miles away to engage in holiday pseudo-cheer with them and my siblings, and the nieces and nephews who always reminded me that my own marriage had broken up before kids could come along.

I spent Christmas Eve in my usual place: in front of the computer in the adult dating site chat room, wearing flannel jammies, with a cup of eggnog, chatting with the few online friends who weren't already celebrating the holiday or weren't busy getting Santa's gifts ready for their little ones. "Stellar, what are you doing for Christmas Eve?" my friend Greg typed in the room.

"JingleBalls, not a damn thing," I typed back. "Sitting here with my eggnog and my cats, waiting for it to be late enough to go to bed." I couldn't help cringing when I typed Greg's handle. He had way too much Christmas spirit.

"Stellar, no gifts to open?" Greg typed.

"Jingle, not unless Santa really exists."

"Stellar, you might be surprised."

After a few minutes, Greg typed, "bbiab." I stayed in the chat room, reading the conversations and occasionally participating. Before I knew it, twenty minutes had passed and Greg hadn't come back. He must have had some Christmas stuff to do.

Half an hour later, my doorbell rang. Who the heck would be at my door at nine on Christmas Eve night? I peeked out the window beside the door and saw Greg standing on my porch, wearing a Santa hat, a T-shirt and shorts, and a huge red bow.

I whipped open the door. "Are you insane?" I demanded. "It's fifteen degrees out here! What are you doing here like that? Get in here!"

"I brought your Christmas present, Sheila," Greg said through chattering teeth. "I thought you'd be happy to see me."

"Of course I am, but you're going to catch pneumonia." I closed the door. "What do you mean, you brought my Christmas present? Where is it?"

Greg pointed at the bow that covered half his torso. Ribbons from it wrapped around him. "Right here. I'm it, Sheils. I know you're interested, and I've wanted you since I met you. So now's our chance." He lay down on the floor under the Christmas tree that I'd put up in a failed attempt to make myself feel some Christmas spirit. "Go ahead. Unwrap your present."

I laughed. "You really are insane." But he was right; I did think he was hot, and I'd been interested in him since the first time we'd met at one of the chat room meet and greets. The sexual tension between us had been building since then. And now here he was, under my tree, all wrapped up for me. Hell, who was I to turn down a gift?

I knelt beside him and tried to untie the bow. "Where did you get this thing?" I asked. "And how do I get it off you?"

"I've had it for a while, because I've been planning this for a while. I knew you'd be spending Christmas Eve alone. If you want to get the bow off, keep working at it; if you want your present badly enough, you'll figure out a way to get it open."

I kept picking at the bow with my fingernails. "I'm gonna get scissors and just cut the damn thing off."

"If you're that impatient, do what you have to do." Greg folded his hands behind his head and crossed his legs. "I'm nice and comfy here. It's up to you to open me."

"What about me?"

"This is your Christmas present, Sheils. Anything you want."

Anything? Just the thought made me wet. Many times I'd fantasized about Greg while, um, taking care of myself. I'd never thought I'd have him like this, though. "Anything?"

"Anything at all. Once you unwrap me, that is."

Screw untying the bow. I grabbed my scissors from my desk and started cutting. "Hope you weren't planning on reusing this bow."

Greg grinned. "Nope. I don't plan on regifting myself."

With the bow out of the way, I could see the Christmas tree on the front of Greg's T-shirt. It matched the little trees scattered over his shorts. "You really do get into the spirit," I said.

"Yeah. And now I want to get out of it."

"I thought this was my present. Doesn't that mean I can unwrap it as slowly as I want?"

"You cut off the bow. I don't think you want to unwrap me that slowly."

He was right. I tugged at the bottom of his boxers, then changed my mind about what I wanted to see first. "Sit up," I said.

He did, and I pulled his T-shirt off. Damn, his chest was even hotter than I'd thought! All pecs and no hair. I couldn't resist kissing right between his nipples. "Keep doing that and you'll get more of a present than you're bargaining for," he said.

"Oh, really?" I kissed him there again, then, for good measure, licked each nipple. "How about now?"

"Mmm. I think you'd better finish unwrapping." He lay down again. "Go for it."

There was a nice bulge at the front of his shorts. I ran my hand over it. "Feels like you brought a nice, big package for me," I said.

"Find out."

I slowly pulled his shorts down. His cock sprang free and I stared; compared to the guys I'd dated lately, it was huge! "You really did bring me a big package!"

"Uh huh. So what are you going to do with it?"

I rubbed it, then bent and took just the head in my mouth. Greg moaned. I sucked lightly for a few seconds, then stood up. "Anything I want, right?"

"It's your present, babe. But fuck, what you just did was a hell of a present for me."

"Glad you enjoyed." I stripped off my pajamas and knelt over Greg's face. "I want a sixty-nine for Christmas, Santa."

"Gladly. I've been waiting months to get a taste of your pussy." He took an experimental lick of my clit and was rewarded by a moan from me. "Mmm, just as yummy as I thought it would be," Greg said. "Come a little lower, babe, so I can really get my tongue into you."

I lowered myself, and bent forward to get my mouth on his cock. This time, I took it as deep as I could, though it was so big there was no way I could get the whole thing. Deep throating was a skill I hadn't learned. Greg didn't seem to mind. He plunged his tongue into my pussy as I sucked his cock. Moans and sounds of ecstasy filled the room as we pleasured each other, Greg alternating between tongue-fucking me and nibbling my clit, me sucking his cock then licking up one side of it and down the other. It was only moments before I reached the brink. I released his cock, though kept stroking it with one hand, and squealed, "Oh, God, Greg, I'm coming!"

"Come for me, then, babe."

He sucked my clit into his mouth and that was all it took. My moan rose to a near-scream as my orgasm ripped through me. It had been a while since I'd had anything other than a self-inflicted orgasm; I came so hard I thought I would black out. "I guess you liked that," Greg said.

"Hell yeah." I took a few deep breaths to recover, then brought my mouth back to his cock. "Now it's your turn."

"You can do anything you want, but be warned, if I come in your mouth it will be a little while before my cock's ready to go anywhere else. So if you want it in that sweet cunt of yours, you might not want to suck me off just yet."

I wanted to taste his cum, but I wanted to fuck him even more. "All right, but if we're going to fuck, there's one part of my present that needs to be rewrapped."

"Check the pocket of my shorts. I brought a few, um, wrapping papers."

I grabbed his shorts and pulled three extra-large condoms out of the pocket. "Three?" I asked.

"In case you like your present enough to want more. If you want me, you need to wrap me, babe."

I opened one of the condoms and unrolled it over his cock. Then I straddled him. "Can I have a ride, Santa?"

"Hell, yeah! Fuck me, Sheila. I can't wait to feel your pussy on my cock."

I reached down and held his cock so I could slowly lower myself onto it. Very slowly; it was big and since I hadn't been fucked in a while, I was a little tighter than usual. But thanks to Greg's expert oral, I was wet enough that I only felt a little discomfort as my cunt stretched to let Greg in. Once he was completely inside, I took a moment to let myself adjust. "You feel so good in me," I said.

"You feel amazing, babe." Greg grasped my hips and lifted me slightly. "And it will feel even better once you start fucking me."

I raised myself and slammed back down onto his cock. "Fuck! That's so good!"

"Then keep doing it, babe. Fuck me as hard as you want; I want to feel you come before I do."

I started fucking him, slowly, then faster and harder. After the first minute or so, Greg began meeting my downward moves with upward thrusts. His cock hit just the right spot inside me, and I reached down to play with my clit as we fucked. Within minutes, I was shouting his name as I came again. I felt him tense and knew that he had come too. 

"Fuck, Sheila," he said, panting. "I thought you'd be good, but I never imagined how good."

"You were pretty amazing yourself," I said.

I carefully lifted myself off his cock. He pulled me down into his arms and we lay together, my head on his chest. "Did you like your gift?" he asked.

"I loved it," I said. "Thank you, Greg."

"Thank you. I wasn't sure you'd even let me in tonight, let alone go along with this. I'm glad you did."

"So am I." But now it was over; it was just a matter of time before he put his clothes back on and left. "Are you going to be warm enough going home?"

"Home? Are you throwing me out?"

"No, of course not."

"Good, because I was kind of hoping I could wait and leave in the morning when the sun is out. Might be warmer then." He gently lifted my head and brought his lips to mine in a sweet kiss. "Can I stay the night, Sheila? You don't want to get rid of your present yet, do you?"

"God, no." I kissed him, teasing his lips with my tongue until they parted and our tongues met. After a moment, I pulled away and sat up. "But let's continue this in my bed, shall we? I know presents belong under the tree, but this floor is uncomfortable."

"Tell me about it." Greg stood and helped me up. He put his arms around me and kissed me again. "Merry Christmas, babe. I hope it's the first of several for us."

"Merry Christmas. And I hope so too. But this one will always be the best."