 This is a dream that I recently had one night about my lover and myself. I woke up completely drenched between my legs and the dream still very vivid in my mind. My hands quickly went to work and the intensity of my release was so strong, I thought I would scream. I got up and wrote it all down. Just writing it all down got me wet all over again...

**********************

We are on the bay on your boat. The sun is warming our faces, a slight breeze floats by now and then. Other boats are anchored in the bay, though not close to each other. You are wearing trunks and a deep blue polo. I'm in bathing suit—light purple halter top showing cleavage, dark purple mini skirt bottom. Short enough to entice, but still leave you wondering what's underneath. My long dark hair is pulled back into a ponytail. I'm sitting on your lap facing you and we are laughing and talking. Our hands are exploring each other's bodies. We kiss. We smile. We kiss some more.

Our tongues start exploring each other's mouths. Mmmm. I love running my tongue between your upper lip and teeth because it makes you moan softly. Your tongue flicks the corners of my mouth then darts in and out, teasing my tongue. My hand moves to your crotch and I can feel your hardness through your trunks. Wow. I run my finger back and forth along your hardness; made me wetter just to touch you. I can feel your fingertip move between my legs and feel my wetness through my panties. You insert your finger through the leg opening and can almost feel my wet pussy, but I stop you and remove your hand. You smile at me and look puzzled. I stand up and face you, untying my top and slowly lowering it just until you can see the tops of my tits. You reach out to touch, but I back away. I lower my top further till the areoles are visible; no nipples yet. I'm incredibly wet and want you to feel me, but I am making you wait. I can see the bulge between your legs growing.

I let my top completely fall and you moan again because you can see my tits. You start rubbing your hardness, which makes me think about your dick in my mouth and how I love licking it, especially the skin underneath. I cup my full breasts and roll my nipples between my thumb and finger. Your excitement is building, as is mine. You reach out and put your hands on my waist and roughly pull me towards you. You start massaging one breast and sucking on the other. Oh my. Your tongue is so incredibly hot. I can feel my nipples getting rock hard. I shove off of you and back up. My hips are slowly swaying as I inch off my skirt. It's now low enough so you can barely see the top of my smooth mound. I know you want to touch and taste. I lower my skirt further till it's around my thighs. You see my mound and you groan as the sea breeze drifts the scent of my wetness to you. It's making you wild and you rub yourself even harder. I move closer to you and you reach out to yank my skirt down to my feet. You bend down and softly kiss my bare mound just above my clit and inhale deeply. You have no idea, or maybe you do, how much I want your tongue on me. I step out of my skirt, turn around, hold on to the life lines on the boat and bend all the way over. I slightly spread my legs and you can see my glistening pussy lips. You toss your clothes across from us on the deck. I hear you moan and sense your movement behind me. Suddenly, I know your face is near my ass because I can feel your shallow breathing. My heart is beating faster, anticipating your hot tongue between my cheeks. Instead, I feel your tongue flick my protruding clit and I just about fall over from the sensation. I feel your finger gently pressing on my ass while your tongue flicks my clit again. "Stand up," you whisper. This time I really need to hang on to those life lines as I am so weak in the knees.

As I straighten up, I try to turn around and see you, but you won't let me. "Don't," you say softly and move my shoulders back around. You pull me close to you and run your warm hands up and down my body. Caressing my hips, arms, shoulders and my stomach. You are quiet and enjoying how I feel under your hands. I rest my head against your chest and close my eyes. I sigh because it feels so good to lean against you. You reach further down and gently trace your fingers along the front of my thighs and your hands rest on my bare mound. I reach behind you to feel your stiff cock, but you won't let me. You grab one of my hands and put it on my breast. I start fingering my nipple and you reach around to squeeze my other breast. 

"Oohh, pinch my nipple," I say. You hesitate because you are worried you will squeeze too hard and you whisper this in my ear as you suck on my ear lobe and lick my neck. Oh my. I do love when you do that to me.

I shake my head and say, "But that's what I want, pinch it hard." Your thumb and finger squeeze and I get wetter and moan again. I take your other hand and put it on my other breast and say, "Pinch it." As you do, I think, oohh, I am ready, so ready for the sweet release.

"Bend over again," you tell me, "and spread your thighs a little." I do as you say and reach out for the life lines. I feel your fingers tracing the inside of my thighs and this makes me tingle down to my toes. Your hands gently push my thighs even further apart. And then there is stillness. What are you going to do? I am so excited by the unknown. I can feel my wetness increasing, if that's even possible. Then it begins. A delicious sensation starts low between my legs and makes me weak. Oh my. It's your tongue, flicking here...there, searching for my hard clit. Aahhh, finally. You flatten your tongue, making it wide, and lick my clit long and slow. Once...twice...a few more times. My clit is throbbing. You slowly lick it upwards and stop at my wet, swollen pussy lips. I feel your gentle kisses there and hear your soft moaning as you kiss me. Your hands are caressing my hips and my butt.

Your tongue is incredible and feels sexy between my legs. As you slowly flick it around my pussy, it drives me wild. The breeze has picked up a bit and now I can smell my own wetness and I want to come, come hard. You moan loudly and move your tongue higher and higher until it's between my cheeks. But I want your tongue to fuck my pussy so I move my ass closer to your mouth. I am barely able to say, "Fuck me," when I feel your hands slowly spreading my ass and your tongue is gently flicking the hole between my cheeks. Ooohhh.

My moaning becomes high pitched as you lick me there. I am vaguely aware that one of your hands has left my hips and I feel your finger sliding down my slippery lips and slowly entering my pussy. Oh my. I am so close to coming. Your finger slowly slides in and out a few times and then slides down to graze my so very hard clit. Finger grazes it a few times and I feel my release ready to explode. Your tongue has left my ass, traveling back down and stops at my pussy while your finger is slowly circling my clit. Your other finger is gently rubbing my hole where your tongue left off. I want your tongue inside me so I can explode around it while you taste my sweet wetness. Your tongue is again flicking, this time to the side of my pussy lips. I hear you moan as you move your tongue around and u say, "Mmmm, you taste so good."

This makes me groan because it's such a turn on to hear you say that. Your still fingering my ass and my clit when I feel your warm tongue slowly enter my pussy. The probing and flicking of your tongue inside my pussy, your fingers on my ass and clit and your moaning are making me crazy hot. The buildup is ready to release and a familiar feeling of sweetness is slowly spreading. The release intensifies and moves in throbbing waves that permeate every pore of my body. I can actually feel myself squirting on your tongue and can hear how wet I am as you lap me up. You continue tongue fucking me as my orgasm brings forth such a loud scream from deep in my throat, "Ooohhh, fuck me, fuck me," I scream. I don't care if people on the other boats can hear me.

I cannot wait any longer. I straighten up and turn around to face you. Your cock is so huge and I am torn between feeling your hardness in my mouth and sucking out all of your come or feeling it in my soaking pussy and riding it hard till you fill me up. There is a bench behind you and I quickly push you backwards and tell you to sit down.

You say, "Wait," but I don't want to wait because I want it now.

"No, sit down now," and you sit on the bench near the wheel. I make my decision and I no what I want to do.

You watch me approach and I can tell you want me and you want me now. "Hurry, lick my dick."

As I put my knee on the bench next to your thigh, I reply, "No, not yet."

I put my other knee on the bench on the other side of you and raise myself over your huge cock. You hold it and as I slowly lower myself over it, you touch it to my clit and that makes me close my eyes and shudder. I grab hold of the back of the bench behind you and hold myself up while you touch the head of your dick to my clit again. You make it slowly circle my clit twice, stopping behind it and then slowly sliding it just to the entrance of my pussy and stopping there. My pussy lips are still swollen and so very wet and slippery. The pulsating feeling is beginning to start and I quickly say, "Now, put it n me now."

You look into my eyes and I no you want to feel my pussy squeeze your hard cock, but you don't move it. You purposely hesitate and say, "Oh no, not yet."

We continue to stare at each other and it's very intense, feeling each other's heat. I can feel myself starting to come all over again. I want you so much and I want you now. "Please, please," I whisper, "please put it in now."

My orgasm starts and it makes me shudder so hard I wrap my arms around your neck and hold on, while I bury my face in your neck. It's at that exact moment you slide yourself into me. I can feel how tight I am around your dick and how you fill me up. I begin to explode around you. I am riding your dick so hard and so quickly, and am holding onto you so tightly. My explosion is so intense and the walls of my pussy cannot stop quaking. I want you to feel my explosion so I slow my movements. My pussy is still wrapped so tightly around your thick cock that you can start to feel my pussy squeezing you. A moan escapes from your throat. I pull away from your neck to look at you because I want to see your face and look in your eyes while you feel me coming.

"Can you feel it?" I am barely able to get the words out.

"Oh yes...yes I can," you reply. You move to kiss me but I don't let you. Instead, I slide off of you and get on my knees in front of you. You moan again because you no what I'm going to do. I move my mouth to your stiff dick. It's covered with my slick come juices. I slowly put my tongue out and lick you from your come hole all the way down to your balls in one long lick. "Oohh," you moan.

"Mmmm," I say, "my come tastes so good on your dick." I look up at you and you bend to kiss me so you can taste my come. We both moan as you lick my tongue clean. I go back down on you and continue to lick up and down your stiffness. Oh my. I love how the skin of your cock feels on my tongue. I rub my mouth gently all over it and the sexy feeling of its stiffness moves through my lips down to my pussy, making it wet again. You stand up and slowly start fucking my mouth with your hardness. I gently cup your balls and massage them. Your breathing is becoming shallow and quick—you are close.

"Look at me," you say, "I want to see your eyes while you suck me." I oblige and I take my other hand and move it between my legs. "Are you touching your clit?" you ask, and I nod my head. You close your eyes and move your cock faster and I take my tongue and swirl it around your come hole as it moves in and out. I am so turned on, with your hardness sliding back and forth, my hand rubbing your balls and my other hand fingering my clit. I am ready to come again and I start breathing hard as you fuck my mouth. "Are you going to come soon?" you ask and I reply with a groan and nod my head. I rub myself faster and faster and my groaning gets louder and high pitched as I start to come. This pushes you over the edge and you stop sliding back and forth. Your cock stays in my mouth and sprays thick come that I can feel dripping down the back of my throat. Your hands grip the wheel and you stare intensely at me as we come together, something that does not happen often. I slide my finger into my pussy and can feel it pulsating, while your dick throbs on my tongue. As our bodies begin to relax with the waves of our orgasms decreasing, I slide my mouth off of you and pull you down to me on the deck.

You hold my face in your hands and kiss me hard, again, licking my tongue clean of your come. "That was awesome," I quietly say. You say nothing, but kiss me again, this time deeply while holding me tightly. We sit holding each other on the deck for awhile, then head below as the breeze has turned cooler. I crawl onto the wide cushioned bench and lay on my side, adjusting the pillows. You lie next to me, pulling the comforter over the two of us and pulling me towards you, cradling me in your arms. I feel your soft kisses on the back of my neck and your heart rhythmically beating against my back. Nice. We are quiet after an afternoon of passionate desire. A sense of peacefulness is present as the boat bobs gently in the bay and lulls us to sleep.