 She wanted me, I could tell it and it was a forgone conclusion that she would have me. Of course we were in a station of the Metro, but at that hour of the morning there were few people around anywhere. A single security guard wandering around at the entrance who would nod, "Hello," to anyone who walked past was the only other person I had seen this morning. Even the station attendant had not yet arrived to take a position in his or her booth.

After riding down the escalator, I slipped a five dollar bill in the fare machine and it spit out a fresh new fare care, complete with a picture of a panda bear on the back. I nodded to the security guard, slipped the fare card into the slot and retrieved it as the turnstile gates opened. Walking through the turnstile I headed toward the tracks and spotted her down past the illuminated sign. With no one else about, and immediately knowing the woman wanted me, the only question that remained between us was, "Was there enough time?"

I looked up at the illuminated sign and saw the first train of the day was nine minutes out. We would have to hurry, but it seemed we had time so I walked toward the woman. She had short blonde hair that was tightly curled and from a distance it appeared wet. As I got closer I could see it was just her setting gel glistening in the faint light of the station. It was a chilly day, but she only had on a light jacket that was unzipped. Her filmy blouse had three buttons unbuttoned and I could see a hint of her black lace bra.

"Good morning," I said walking over near her, "a bit chilly today isn't it."

"Yeah, I got a ride here to the station, so I didn't have to stay outside much. I hate wearing a large jacket and then sweating most of the day as I move about indoors."

"Yeah, I know what you mean, it is warm here in this jacket," I replied, pulling it off and folding it over my arm. Glancing back at the sign I saw there was now only eight minutes before the train arrived. "Are you warm?"

Pulling off her jacket, she said, "Yes I'm very hot."

Smiling I replied, "I could tell you were hot when I walked in the station, the only question was how hot."

"And how hot do you think I am now?" she asked, unbuttoning a fourth button on her blouse.

"Well, with the train only eight minutes away, you better be pretty hot," I replied, unbuttoning my shirt, silently consenting to the inevitable. After unbuttoning my shirt I unfastened my pants and pulled them off, carefully placing them on a bench. Looking back at her I could see she now only had on her bra and panties.

She slipped off her bra and I moved to her, taking her large breasts in my hands as she reached into my underwear and began stroking my cock. Moving my mouth down to one of her breasts, I sucked her nipple into my mouth as she arched her back, pushing her breasts to me. After a moment, I kneeled down, grabbed the elastic of her panties and pulled them off, quickly leaning forward and running my tongue up her slit.

Moaning a bit she said, "Only seven minutes," so I stood up and pulled off my underwear as she spread a her jacket on the ground and sat down with her legs open. I moved over to her, holding my cock out which she took in her mouth. Glancing back behind me I noticed the sign switch over to six minutes, so I pulled my cock out of her mouth, and kneeled as she leaned back onto the ground.

Reaching up, she guided my cock into her pussy and I felt her wet warmth slowly surround me as I slipped deeper and deeper inside her. Once I had penetrated her as deep as I could, I slowly withdrew and then plunged my self back into her. We both then picked up a rhythm as I pushed into her and then withdrew and she raised her hips up and then fell back down to the ground. "Four minutes," she whispered as I felt her pussy begin to pulsate around me and then in no time she moaned, "Three..." as I arched my back and spurted my white cum into her pussy.

Immediately withdrawing, we rushed to pull on our clothes, both whispering, "Two," and then, "One," as the sign changed for us. When the light from the train first appeared far down the tunnel, the row of lights along the ground began to flash and the sign switched from "One," to "Arr" and the train screeched to a stop, waking me from my daydream. 

We stepped onto the train and she said, "Good morning."

Nodding to her I said, "A bit chilly today isn't it?"

"Yeah, I got a ride here to the station..."