 Thea opened the door of the bedroom and paused as she heard a hasty shuffle of sheets and the rustle of a magazine being thrown to the ground. She stepped inside and noted that the lights were off and snapped them back on.

Kyle looked up, a pillow lying across his stomach, his dark hair tousled and a frustrated expression upon his face. That quickly melted into a smile that had her heart aching in its sweetness. He was barely eighteen and although it wasn't part of Thea's babysitting job to check on him, she always did.

The baby was fast asleep in the cradle down the hall and the parents not due back for a few hours, so she perched on the end of his bed and smiled at him. Thea had always had a soft spot for him and only being three years older, they had much in common too.

Thea secretly found Kyle attractive with his deep green eyes and tight little body. But, she sensed how inexperienced he was sexually and so had never made a move on him, though she'd been tempted. She was absently thinking about how nice the white sheets looked heaped around his tanned chest when her foot nudged something on the floor.

Without thinking she leaned down and picked it up, glancing at it. She felt a hot flush spread through her body as she looked at the well endowed young women embracing on the cover. Thea had been to bed with one or two women in her time and thinking back to their tongues and hands on her flesh sent a tingle through her whole body.

She looked up at Kyle and saw his entire face was lit by a red flush. He was purposely staring down at the covers and ignoring Thea and the porn magazine. She smiled at him. "Is this yours?" she asked.

Kyle mumbled something and she laughed softly. "It's no big deal," she said softly. "Do you like looking at these?"

Kyle heard something different in her tone and met her eyes for a minute before answering. "I like looking at the women."

"Do you touch yourself when you look at them?" Thea asked, leaning forward, her voice a low purr.

Kyle didn't say anything; he just nodded and carried on looking at the cover. Thea reached out and pulled back the pillow, looking down at the erection clearly visible through the thin sheet. "Have you seen a real woman naked?"

Kyle shook his head and she leant forward, letting her hand brush against his inner thigh. "Would you like to?"

Kyle flushed even redder, but nodded after a moment and then looked up at her. She mock frowned at him and slapped his thigh. "Say please," she scolded. "Haven't you got any manners?" 

"Please," Kyle said, grinning slightly.

Thea raised her hands to her shirt and unbuttoned it slowly, smiling at his wide eyes. She wore a black bra underneath, so brief her breasts bulged out over the top.

Her rosy nipples were clearly visible through the sheer material and as she felt his eyes upon them she felt them grow erect. "Shall I take it off?" she asked.

"Please," Kyle said huskily.

She reached back and unhooked it, draping it over the bed post and watching his eyes quickly lower. She moved backwards and felt her large breasts bouncing slightly, exaggerating the effect for his benefit.

"Would you like to touch them now?" Thea inquired.

"Please."

She reached out and took his hands, placing them gently over her breasts. Kyle simply held them there, feeling the soft springiness until Thea spoke again. "You can squeeze them if you like."

Kyle blushed. "Girls ask me to do stuff like this all the time," he said. "But I never know what to do, so I always say no."

Thea smiled. "Would you like me to teach you?"

Kyle nodded. "Pretty please."

"With a cherry on top?" Thea said and giggled. "I do like taking cherries."

Kyle smiled and then nodded again.

"Well, if you squeeze the nipples slightly that feels good," she whispered. "Then lean forward and wrap your tongue around them and pull them into your mouth."

She closed her eyed as she felt the wetness of his tongue touch against the erect peaks of her nipples. She felt her pussy grow wet and moaned softly. "That's right," she said. "Now nibble on them a little."

She felt him gingerly take one of them in his teeth and nibble carefully. He then rolled it around his tongue and bit gently a moment later. Thea groaned loudly this time. "You're a fast learner," she said.

She reached out and traced the shape of Kyle's rigid cock through the sheet, holding her hand against the head. She pulled on the cover with her other hand and let go, letting his dick bounce slightly until he moaned.

She reached down and pulled off her skirt and panties, throwing them aside and then spread her long legs. Kyle stared down at the moist opening between her legs, his lips parted slightly. Thea opened herself up and let him look inside the glistening folds.

She reached out and took his hand and pulled it down to her pussy, letting him explore the warm moistness. She groaned loudly as his fingers brushed her clit and he looked at her anxiously. "Did I do something wrong?"

"Hell no," Thea moaned. "That's called the clit and if you touch a woman there she'll love you forever."

His fingers touched her clit again and she felt it pulse beneath his hesitant touch. She smiled and took his hand in her own. "And you slide your fingers in here," she said, inserting him inside her.

Kyle's eyes went wide as he felt her slippery pussy squeezing around his delving fingers and wiggled them around. Thea whimpered and arched her back. He continued to move them about and then slipped another inside her, until three of them were buried to the hilt. 

Thea moaned loudly as he withdrew them and plunged them back in. "You build up a rhythm doing that," she said. Obediently Kyle began to thrust them in and out of her, making her grind her hips against his hand. She sighed. "Now," she said. "If you really want to make a woman happy, there's something else you can do."

He looked down at her and she told him to scoot down the bed, which he did. She smiled at him and then looked at her throbbing pussy. "Would you like to taste me?"

Kyle nodded and then waited for instructions on how to do what she'd asked. "Firstly kiss around the outside," she said and moaned as he followed her command. "Now slip your tongue inside and move it in circles around my clit." 

She felt his rough tongue flick against her sensitive clit and moaned louder. Without waiting for her instruction he moved down and tapped his tongue against her opening. She cried out as he slid it inside her, feeling her spicy juices trickle into his open mouth.

He finally moved up to her clit and began licking it quickly, slamming three fingers into her. He began to move them in and out slowly, wiggling them about inside her as he did so. Kyle gently continued finger fucking her, going in halfway and then withdrawing. She moaned in ecstasy and clenched her fingers around him. "That's the right way baby," she said.

He began to finger fuck her faster and sucked her clit into his mouth. Thea arched her back and felt her hands clench around the sheets as she went into climax. She felt her whole pussy throbbing as she writhed and almost screamed in pleasure. The waves of pleasure emanating from her clit spread over her whole body until she almost saw stars.

Finally she collapsed back onto the bed and smiled up at Kyle. "That's the reaction you want to provoke in a girl," she told him. "Very good boy." She stood up and said. "I've shown you mine, time for me to see yours."

Kyle looked hesitant, but his eyes filled with arousal once more as she pulled on the sheet. His cock sprang from the covers and he moaned as the head slid along the cotton material, oozing pre cum which left a damp spot.

Thea moved down until she was between his spread legs and looked up at him. "Now, this is what a girl would do to you if you did all of that right."

Kyle closed his eyes and groaned loudly as her tongue flicked against the slit of his cock. She pried it open slightly and tasted the salty pre cum oozing into her mouth. Slowly she moved down over it, engulfing it completely within the moist cavern of her rosebud mouth. 

She began to move up and down over his rigid cock, swirling her tongue around the head as it almost popped from her eager mouth. Her nails dug into his tight butt as she began to increase her speed in time with his moans.

Thea sensed her was about to come and moved back, looking down on him. "Do you want to know what it feels like to be inside me for real?" she asked. 

Kyle looked up at her, his eyes glazed slightly with pleasure and simply nodded weakly. Thea smiled. "I'm on the pill," she whispered. "And since I've only had protected sex and you've had none we should be safe."

She opened her legs and poised herself about him, looking into his eyes. Slowly she lowered her body, feeling his cock brush against her entrance and finally slip inside. Thea moaned as she felt her pussy clench possessively around him, squeezing him hard until he cried her name.

Thea began to bounce up and down on top of him, writhing as their sweaty body's ground together. He watched her big breasts bouncing wildly and reached up to grab them, pinching the nipples as they were both overcome by the sensation of delicious friction at their pelvis'

Thea began to move up and down faster as he thrust high to meet her hips. He grabbed her around the waist and pushed her down so she was impaled deeper and then rolled her over, his weight pressing down upon her. 

Kyle began to fuck her hard and fast, withdrawing and plunging back in so quickly all she could do was lie there and moan. Soon she felt herself approaching climax and groaned this fact to him, one he supported fully. 

He fucked up into her harder and faster than before until with an inarticulate shout he began to cum. She felt his hot salty sperm shooting up inside her as he convulsed and writhed on top of her. The feeling of him pinning her down as his cock spasming inside her sent her over the edge and she joined him in ecstasy a few seconds later. 

They fell back onto the sheets, panting and sweaty a few moments after that. After a while Thea pressed a light kiss on his lips and began to dress. She winked at him as she stepped into her skirt. "That sure beats a bedtime story," she said. "I'll be back to tuck you in next time."

Then with one more smile she departed the room and went to check on the baby.