 Having "sex" over the internet may not sound all that fulfilling but don't knock it ‘til you've tried it and even then, you may have to give it some time. I'm lucky. I had an exclusive "date" to do it with. We didn't really know each other but...I knew some things about him. And I'd fantasized about him for at least a year. Seeing him on album covers and even on stage a couple times.

I was writing for my college newspaper and I wanted to interview him so I contacted his manager without a lot of luck. I emailed him and he responded quickly. We started chatting online. He asked for a picture of me so he’d know whom he was talking to. When I sent one he replied, “Wow. You have a nice bod’. I’d like to see you with less on!” I was taken aback by his forthrightness but felt ecstatic, having been quite a chubby girl just a few short years ago. 

He asked if I had a web cam but I didn’t. “You should get one, they’re only $99! That would be exciting,” he said. I couldn’t believe I was being solicited by this sexy motherfucker who had been just a daydream 15 minutes earlier. 

I got a web cam a few days later. We met up online one night and had a phenomenal experience together. For the next two months we connected once or twice a week. Needless to say interviewing him was secondary at this point. I will attest to the fact that he was very kind to me and we did often talk about life in general aside from sex. But I was so overwhelmed with what was happening between us that I forgot about interviewing him. The scandalous part was that I was engaged when we started hooking up online. But I felt that the whole thing was such a rare gem that I refused to admit to myself that it was cheating. Everyone knows that if you get the chance to sleep with one of the people in your “Top Five,” then you are automatically exempt from the standard confines of fidelity. 

It was amazing to hear his voice talk to me. Nothing will ever compare to the luscious feeling that seeing his naked body gave me. Watching him grab his hard cock and pull on it for me...tugging harder as he watched me undress for him. I made him put the phone down closer to his waist so I could hear his hand jerk the skin on his cock up and down...like a dull thud going faster and faster. 

The technology would only allow for me to see him jerk so fast before it became a blur but hearing it made me so hot. Listening to him talk nasty to me made my clit swell and my pussy drip...he loved to watch me spread my thighs and use my middle finger to slowly stroke my slippery, shaven pussy, then slip my fingers inside the little pink lips. 

First I would just slide one finger in, then push my hips into it, then I would fit two then three and finally all four fingers inside me for him and go completely wild...laying on my back, naked except for a sexy camisole pushed down around my waist. He watched the curves of my body move and flow, as I'd grind my hips and shove my fingers in as far as I could. He got off on how turned on I was...I would moan and whimper into his ear...telling him what I wish he was doing. 

“I want you to bury your face between my legs and suck on my clit...flick your tongue across it and rub my pussy with your hand,” 

"I wish you were here so I could wrap my thighs around your neck," and he would keep tugging on his dick saying, 

"Mmm, I would love that. I want to rub your clit with my thumb and push my tongue in your pussy and then your ass while I'm doing it...I want to fuck you for awhile and then just park it in there and drive you crazy...letting you feel it throb.”

Then I’d say, “I want to feel you move your dick in and out of me while I play with my clit and shove my tongue in your mouth. And I want to feel your balls slap against my ass while you fuck me...then have you turn me over and fuck me hard, with your finger playing with my ass, so I feel your balls smack my clit again and again...til you make me scream and cum all over your fat dick...”

I couldn't believe I was seeing him nude and watching him jerk off...to me. When he came, he yelled out my name! It was surreal listening to his deep voice breath heavily in and out, sometimes his breath would waver and he'd let go of his cock, 

"I wish you could feel how hard I am," he would say. He would sit and spread his legs slightly further apart, his engorged, reddish purple beautiful dick standing straight up against his stomach on it's own...too sensitive to touch. 

So he just sat still and let me listen to him moan in my ear and tell me how sexy I looked...how much it turned him on. We got off on each other so much. We always tried to cum at the same time. He would wait for me if it took awhile (It usually didn't).

After a couple amazing months of this, he went out of town to record a new album for at least 4 months. While he was gone I fantasized about him so much. I would sit at work and daydream about what it would be like to fuck him in real life. I typed my fantasies out while I should have been working…I wrote them as if I were talking to him…

I would like to meet you in the dark...catch your eye and have you approach me slowly but ravenously. I want you to get very close to me and put your hands gently on my arms, tease me with your lips, kiss my neck instead of my mouth. 

Raise your hand up and fondle my hard nipples over my thin silken top. I close my eyes and gasp lazily. I place my arms around your waist and smooth my palms all over your back feeling the broad muscles tense as you shift your weight and move in closer to me.

Slip my shirt down and off my shoulders so that it falls onto the floor around me like a puddle. Tilt your head back up and slyly grin at me for a moment before you groan in a whisper and wrap your big, strong arms around my body, pulling me close against your nice warm chest. I can smell your hair and your skin now and it only makes me want you closer. 

I can feel you getting hard through your khakis and it's driving me wild. I lower my eyes to look down at you…seeing that firm mushroom head and thick shaft push the material out in a big fat bulge excites me.

I help you unbutton your preppy red shirt and put my cheek against your chest hair as you pull the sleeves off and drop it behind you. Then you push me away from you a little, look down at my face with your squinted blue bedroom eyes and walk me over to the couch. You sit down and I climb up on top of you and place your hands on my ass.

You gasp as I sink down onto you lap, feeling you throb under your boxers, inside your pants...you circle your head, looking upward, that luscious passionate expression...eyes clenched shut, lips parted-unbearable satisfaction…I raise up onto my knees so my perky tits are right in front of your face.

Your nose is peeking into my cleavage, I can feel your heavy breath on my stomach...We are both getting so hot. You kiss me hungrily...making me shiver inside wanting all of you in me so badly. I tell you that I love what you're doing and, “I want to feel MORE of you in me.” I hope that turns you on, and it does. 

You sigh and grunt at me with passion and as your hands wrap around my hips, you pull me in hard, up against you even tighter...I love how you grind your hard dick into me, still wearing your pants, and I'm still wearing mine, but I want you to take mine off of me fast...because feeling how rigid you are really gets me wet and makes me crazy. 

My little baby blue panties are soaking, creamy wet now...you can hear how wet I am as you pull me into you...I lift my ass up and use my soft lips to kiss and suck on your neck, my fingernails running through your brown hair, tickling your upper back…your hand moves around from my ass to my pussy, you rub it over my jeans with your middle finger pressing down hard…you stand me up and pull my jeans down and I can finally feel your affectionate hands grasp my bare hips...and you slide my jeans on down caressing my legs as you do it. I step out of them, and you skim your hands up the back of my legs and around my ass...you stand up in front of me and pick me up, my legs wrapped around your waist, I love how my wet pussy feels, through my panties, rubbing against your stomach as you carry me into the bedroom and lay me down on your bed.

As I lay watching you, my knees bent, waiting for you...You unbuckle your belt and slide your pants down and let them drop. As you step out of them you put one knee on the bed, then the other and now you are on your hands and knees over top of my body...you slither your knees down and let your legs rest on the bed, enclosing my thighs in between yours and pushing your dick up against my panties

and next you pull us onto our sides...and we hug each other closely, wrapping our legs around one another...we grind ourselves against each other at a steady, increasingly faster pace, as our hearts pound and we breath faster and louder.

I love the feel of your big hands rubbing my back and my shoulders, letting them wander up and stroke my hair and then down my back and inside my panties, cupping my ass and then reaching on down past it and letting your fingers slip into my wet, dripping pussy from behind...stroking a circle around my pink, swollen clit...I feel it throbbing, “I need you inside me,” I tell you breathlessly.

I feel how hot and hard you are so I tug your underwear off and your stiff dick pops out of them and slaps your lower stomach. It's so stiff and engorged. I feel the underside of it rub my wet slit for the first time and it makes me shudder and moan for you, “Fuck me hard.” You rub against me and I can feel your cock trickling pre cum onto my legs ...you pull my panties off and rub against me some more, your dick poking up between my legs and slipping around, teasing me, making that suckling, moist friction sound. I listen to you touch me, until I feel the head of it slip into me, we both breath deep and fast, look at each other and moan in pleasure...you go very slowly, gliding your dick further into me with each movement until I can feel your warm, tight balls against my ass...

You pull back out of me almost all the way, to where I can feel the thick ridge at the head of your cock widen my pussy lips. Your dick glistens from how wet I am. Your breath is heavy on my face as I pump my hips into yours feeling the hair on your legs brush against my silky inner thighs. Your big arms are resting around my shoulders with your hands clutching a handful of my hair...pulling on it while you ram your dick into me so goddamn hard and fast, I think I'll cum any second...but I want to keep fucking you. 

I'm screaming now, god I love how you do it. My eyes are clenched shut, my mouth open wide, one of my hands pulling on my nipples…I'm rocking backwards uncontrollably...you're pushing my body closer to the headboard with each thrust. 

The bed frame is creaking and the wood makes a loud thud against the wall with each movement...you slow down and catch your breath...You help me scoot back and sit up. I can tell from the look in your eye what you want. I'm so hot and turned on I can only nod. 

So I crawl over beside you and get onto my hands and knees...you take my arms and straighten them out, push my upper back down toward the bed so now I'm laying there with my arms stretched out sideways, my tits and face resting on the mattress with my knees bent and my ass still up so you can get to it. 

Your thumbs spread the folds of my pussy and I can feel your breath on it…you lick me starting at my clit, gliding your tongue all the way up to my ass and then you go back down with your lips and wrap them around my little clit, sucking and licking me. Then you lift up and take my breasts in your hands, kneading them and licking my neck and ears…I feel your hard dick pushing against my ass…

I can hear you breathing heavily...anxiously. I feel your big hands spread my legs further apart so you can rest on your knees between them...you take your hand and jerk your dick some so the tip pushes against my ass...I like it so I go to move my hand to rub myself and you grab it and put it back down and then grab my hips and crash into me so hard I don’t expect it and I scream out loud, scratching my fingernails against the bed. 

Your left hand pushes down in between my shoulders to keep them flat like you want them. I like it when you lose control...having your way with me...you know how I like to be manhandled. You reach down and grab my hair again so now I'm resting on my hands with my head pulled back, looking up toward the wall as you pull my hair and fuck me...It turns me on so much to see how turned on you get over me...to hear you and see the look on your face. 

I get butterflies and smile while I feel your dick go in and out of me...smacking my ass with your hand, making me cum once and then again and again until you push into me and then sit still...I can feel your cock quiver and I know you are going to explode soon... you ram that shaft into my pussy and go at it cumming all inside of me...you scream and yell, banging your hips into my ass making red marks on me. 

I push back and forth against you hard dick when you cum in me...and squeeze my hole tight so you feel it better...your fingers dig into my hips and I feel your hot cum start to drip out of my pink slit…you slam into me with force a few more times until we’re both satisfied and exhausted. You pull your wet, twitching cock out of me and rub your fingers on me, spreading the cum all over my pussy and asshole. We both lay down beside each other, panting, glowing in the soft lamplight, drifting off to sleep…