 I stood at the gas pump, shivering as the wind whipped past me, sniffling as I fought the urge to cry (again). It was two days after New Years, less than a week into January, and I had just been dumped. 

Not just dumped. Epically dumped. 

My boyfriend Colin waited till the week after Christmas, after I had given him his (very expensive) gifts and after we had laughed and celebrated with our families, to tell me he thinks after five years it might be time to see other people. He took me so completely by surprise that I just stared at him, dumbfounded, as he went on - "I love you babe, but..." and "I just think I need to see what else is out there before we..." and "it's not you..." He had the nerve to kiss my cheek, like he was just running to the store for a couple hours, before he picked up a suitcase I should have noticed by the front door and walked out. 

"I'm gonna crash with Petey," he threw back over his shoulder before he started to pull the door closed.

I shook myself conscious, just before the door slammed. "What about rent??!"

I heard him quickly walk away like he hadn't heard. I looked around for a moment, wondering how I had ended up here, imagining a sea of numbers and debt collectors swirling around my head, before I collapsed on the couch and promptly burst into tears.

That was yesterday morning. I spent the entire day waffling between inconsolable and furious before I passed out in exhaustion. 

When I came to at 4:45 this morning and decided I needed to get out. What better way to chase my troubles away than to literally ignore them altogether and run away. I threw my necessities into a weekender tote, grabbed my cell and car keys and locked up behind me. I jumped into my trusty little car and hit the road, destination unknown. Inexplicably, in the throes of winter, I thought north was the way to go. I stopped for some greasy diner breakfast, and then got stuck in weird traffic that didn't seem to have a cause, before I finally felt like I needed a break for gas and a stretch. 

And here I am. Trembling in my not-warm-enough coat, thinking about how I got here. Freezing and cursing the slow fucking gas pump. My eyes welled with tears caused mostly by the cold and a teeny bit by Colin, that fucking dickhead. 

"No, Mary. You are not gonna cry over that asshole anymore," I muttered to myself, desperate for the pep talk to work. I swiped my eyes with my free hand and willed my lip to stop quivering. I looked around, hoping no one was witnessing my near-breakdown. 

And that's when I saw him.

In the next lane of gas pumps over, there was a super hot guy, older than my 24 years by fifteen years I'd guess, also pumping his gas. And he was staring straight at me. 

His face was weathered but not really wrinkled, tan with dark thick hair. He seemed confident in his skin, standing tall and broad, his legs filling out a nicely worn pair of Levi's. I couldn't see the rest of him because of his car blocking my angle, but I could see the concern in his eyes from all the way over here and I kind of wanted to melt into a puddle of mortification. I turned away from his gaze, focusing on the (unbelievably slowly) climbing numbers on my own pump. I bounced a little in place, hoping for warmth, teeth chattering. I could feel my tits bounce a beat after the rest of me, causing me to groan and wonder why I hadn't worn a more supportive bra. Seriously. I guess I wanted to feel sexy as I set out on my little adventure and wore my laciest, flimsiest one, which did nothing to hold my D cups up as I bounced in place. 

"One more stupid decision to add to the pile, Mary" I scolded myself. "You oughta quit while you're ahead."

"Excuse me," came a rich, deep, manly voice behind me.

Startled, I released the gas nozzle and spun around to see who was talking to me.

Of course, it was hottie from across the way.

"Um... uh... yeah?" I sputtered as I fumbled to reengage the nozzle and get the tank filled.

"I just wondered if you were all right," he said softly. "You look like you're having kind of a rough day and I didn't know if you might need some kind of help."

For the second time in as many days, I felt dumbfounded. And embarrassed.

"I look that bad, huh?" I tried for self-deprecating. 

"Oh no!" he blushed slightly as he tried to explain. "I guess I just felt like you were having the same kind of week I was, and wondered if maybe you needed a friendly ear. Or something." He smiled a crooked smile.

"Oh, um... Well... " the nozzle finally clicked off, signalling the tank was full. I was grateful for the distraction of replacing the nozzle and telling the pump that "NO" i didn't want a receipt. "That's nice of you, Mister -"

"Joe," he offered. "Joe Brown."

"Joe," I tried again. "That's kind of you, but I don't really know you."

"Well you know my name, which is more than I can say about you," he teased lightly.

"Mary," I found myself telling him. "Mary Knight." I felt my eyes widen. "I can't believe I just told you that. You're basically a stranger. You could be a murderer for all I know."

He chuckled. "I promise I'm not a murderer, Mary. And it's good to meet you. Like I said, I'm having a shitty week and I guess it just seemed like you were a kindred soul. I thought maybe we could get a cup of coffee, warm up, and lend each other an ear." 

I thought about the offer, hugging my arms around my body, still trying to get warm. I realized that I had little faith in my people-judging skills anymore. Colin blew any trust I had in my own judgment right out of the water with his left-field break up. I licked my chapped lips and noticed his warm chocolate eyes track the movement. God he was sexy for an older guy... Well, for anyone really. He was just sexy.

That decided it for me. What did I have to lose, right? Couldn't fall any lower.

"Okay," I said. "I'll move my car over to one of those parking spots and meet you inside at the coffee shop?"

He grinned and I felt my panties go damp. "That sounds perfect, Mary. I'll be right behind you."

Before I could make a fool of myself, I climbed into the car and fired it up. I adjusted the heaters to full blast and took a deep breath.

"This is going to be fine," I muttered as I maneuvered the car to the parking area. "Just a nice guy, playing good Samaritan to the hot mess in the Camry. Don't get carried away. Don't take out Colin's bull shit on this decent man. Don't make an ass of yourself."

By the time I got out of the car and made my way into the rest area, Joe was right behind me. He walked close enough that we could have held hands, but - obviously - we didn't. He held the door for me and I could feel the warmth of his body as I passed him.

A couple minutes later, we were both settled at a table in a mostly empty area of the food court. I took a fortifying sip of my hot strong coffee and asked him, "So. Why is your week so shitty?"

He took his own sip before answering. "Well it was my first holiday season since I got divorced this past summer, and my kids chose to be with their mom instead of me. Which I was mostly okay with, I guess, but it still kind of sucked. Then Christmas Eve, I had to take my dog to the emergency vet because he got hit by a car going too fast down my road... and poor Freckles didn't make it." Joe's eyes reddened and I could tell he was struggling.

"Oh my god that's so awful!" I told him, reaching my hand across to hold his. "You poor guy."

He looked a little sheepish for losing it, but softly said, "Thanks. It's just been a rough one this year." He sipped as he studied me. "How about you? What's a pretty girl like you doing all alone and weepy at this time of year."

Suddenly my tale felt less dramatic. This dude's dog died for crying out loud!

"Ugh. My boyfriend broke up with me and I think he moved out and I'm not sure if I can afford my rent and I think I might have to move home with my parents. I'm sure to you that sounds so dumb -"

"It doesn't sound dumb, Mary."

"It must! You're dealing with real life shit and I'm basically just upset that my boyfriend left."

"It's not a competition, sweetheart. You're entitled to your emotions and you're entitled to feel however you feel about a breakup."

I let out a huff of air as I tried to believe him. I was used to drama being a competition. My friends were constantly trying to one-up each other with whose life was worst, who had the hardest time, whose bullshit drama was most worthy of reality tv. But as I thought about it, sipping my coffee and thawing across from this sexy older man, I realized he was right. He could have his shit and I could have mine.

I smiled at him, "I guess you're right. That's a good way to think of it."

He gave me that panty-wetting smile again and I blushed.

"So how many kids do you have," I asked, hoping to change the subject.

His smile became more wistful as he glanced out the window. "Three kids. They're fourteen, twelve, and nine."

"Wow," I replied. "No wonder you're feeling blue. I'm an only child, but I always wanted to have brothers and sisters. Especially at the holidays."

"Yeah, I was one of six and I loved being part of a big family. My kids are great, but very protective of their mom." His face tightened and he took another sip. "If they only knew..."

"What? The divorce wasn't your idea?"

"Oh it was my idea, all right. I caught her in bed with our fourteen year old's nineteen year old tutor."

"Holy shit!"

"Yeah."

"So you came home one day and there she was, in bed with some scrawny teenage dick?"

"Almost... I came in to find her head between the legs of a nineteen year old redhead named Susan."

"Susan?" I asked, not sure I heard him right.

"Yep. Susan. She looked about ninety pounds, flat chest, no hips, fiery bush between her legs, and my Nancy was going to town on her. Susan was holding Nancy's head and panting about how much she loved her, and how she couldn't wait until they could live together like the family they wanted to be. I felt totally blindsided - I was like, what the fuck? In fact, I said that. I said, What the fuck is going on? Nancy came out of the teenage cunt and Susan tried to cover herself up... The ensuing blowup was pretty crazy. Turned out, Nancy was cheating on me with Susan, but cheating on Susan with a couple other people - one guy, one girl. Everyone stormed away... it got even uglier from there."

"How is it your kids choose her over you?" I ask, in a kind of horrified awe at his story.

"She told them I was trying to take them away from her, and she told them I was a bigot who couldn't handle the fact that she had been with a woman."

"She told them she had been with a woman??" I asked, incredulous that anyone would talk about such things with their kids. I thought of my own mother who, to this day, could barely say the word 'sex' without turning tomato red. 

"Yeah. We are pretty open about sex and stuff with them. We tried to make it clear they could be whoever they wanted to be, explore, whatever. Her telling them I was suddenly changing my tune felt like more of a betrayal than her cheating, which I didn't really get into with them, since that's their mom."

"Wow," I said again. "You're kind of amazing." And I meant it. He seemed like such a cool dad, and a guy who had been dealt some major crap.

He laughed. "How do you figure? I'm alone, dogless, friendless, and miles from home."

I laughed as well. "Well, despite being basically a country song, you're not totally friendless," I corrected as I squeezed his hand. "And I just mean you could have gone on a major smear campaign. You could have destroyed her and you chose to be the bigger man."

He smirked, "I'm good at being the bigger man."

I laughed at his bravado, "oh yeah? I guess you are kind of a giant. What are you, like 7' tall?"

His eyes twinkled as he flirted back. "I'm 6'5"... and very proportional." I gulped as I understood his meaning. "It's probably just that you're a midget."

"I am not a midget!" I was indignant. "I am 5 feet, two and a half inches tall."

"And a half, huh?" he teased. 

"Yes," i replied primly. "And a half."

"I stand corrected, Miss Mary. My deepest apologies."

I sniffed, pretending I still cared, but my heart reaced with adrenaline as the fun of this flirting caught up with me. "I suppose I could forgive you."

"Oh could you?" He feigned desperation for my forgiveness.

"Maybe..." I drew out the word, flirting back.

"If...?" He asked.

"Well, maybe if you gave me a kiss," I suggested, trying for playful and probably coming off as too eager.

He pulled back and studied me, his face less confident now.

"A kiss, huh?"

My hands twisted in my lap. 

"Never mind. It was a stupid idea."

"No no, Mary. Not stupid. I just haven't kissed anyone since my wife. And after everything with Nancy and Susan and... you seem so young..." He didn't look that upset about that last bit, almost like he felt like he was supposed to acknowledge our obvious age gap.

"Joe, it's fine. Forget I said it. No biggie." My heart raced a little. "But for the record, I'm not that young."

"Sure you're not," he scoffed. "What are you, twenty?"

"I"m twenty four," I corrected him softly. "I was with Colin for five years and he was my first." Again, I overshared with this man. What is it about him that has me telling him all my shit?

"Whoa whoa whoa," he stopped me. "Let's go back here. Number one - he dumped you after five years? Why?"

"He said he wanted to see what else was out there."

"Uh. Seriously? Has he seen you?" 

I blushed and shrugged. 

"And number two - how did a girl who looks like you stay a virgin until she was nineteen?" 

I blushed even deeper and couldn't meet his eyes. I know I'm cute, but I'm hardly cover model material. As noted, I'm short and I have big tits, which a lot of guys seem to notice, but I think I'm too pale, my blonde hair is too flat, and I am too heavy through the middle and my thighs. I do have nice pretty green eyes, though.

"I don't know. I mean, Colin and I were together in high school, all puppy love and whatnot, and we had decided to wait awhile before we slept together. It sounds dumb now, but back then I thought it meant something and I wanted it to be special. He said he did too, and so we waited. When I turned nineteen, I needed a roommate and we decided it made sense to move in together. The plan was to keep holding out, but we didn't last. We were kind of horndogs back then," I laughed uncomfortably. 

"Everyone is at that age," he smirked.

"Anyway. So that's my story."

He stared at me, clearly thinking something over as he sipped more of his coffee. I did the same, hoping things didn't just get super awkward. I was enjoying Joe.

"So about that kiss," he began.

"I told you, you don't have to!" I suddenly tried to wiggle out of it.

"Oh I know that's what you said, but I think you need some new adventures. Isn't that what we're both doing out here on the road? Looking for adventure?"

"I guess so," I admitted. 

"Do you want to kiss me, Mary?" he asked steadily.

"Yes,"I whispered.

He leaned across the table, I felt my face moving toward him like a magnet.

"Then do it," he whispered back.

Our heads tilted and our lips met. His were warm and soft, mine were chapped but somehow I didn't feel self-conscious. We pulled back slightly and I looked into his eyes. I could see the heat there, the lust and the playfulness. I leaned back into him and parted my lips for his. His tongue darted into my mouth, stroking my tongue. I felt his hand on my neck, his thumb tracing a line down from my cheek, over my jaw and along my throat.. My pulse fluttered under his hand and I felt my panties get even wetter as he deepened the kiss. 

I felt transported, lighter than air. 

He pulled back suddenly and took a deep breath.

"There's a hotel about three miles down the road. Will you come with me there, Mary? Please? I don't think I can get enough of you."

I considered it for barely half a moment.

"Yes, Joe."

I followed him to the Holiday Inn Express down the road. He checked in and I stood quietly by his side as he passed the clerk a credit card.

The clerk, a buxom Amazonian with platinum blonde hair and heavy make up, conspicuously took note of his absent wedding band. 

"Here you are, sir. Room 426. There's HBO for your daughter here, and a bar downstairs that's open until 1 am for you." 

I heard myself give a tiny squeak in surprise. Daughter?? 

Joe took the room key from the woman whose nametag said Kelli and smoothly put an arm around my shoulder. His eyes were full of humor as he pulled me into him and said, "Hear that, princess? HBO."

I couldn't answer. I knew my fair hair and complexion made it clear whenever i was embarrassed, and I felt my cheeks flushing again. I felt Kelli's eyes on me as she must have wondered why I was such a spazz, clearly hoping I'd get the hint so she could flirt more with Joe.

He didn't seem to care and he carried on the ruse, ignoring her blatant offer to get a drink. "Maybe we can watch a movie together, princess. That sound good?"

I nodded mutely, mostly in awe of his ability to roll with the punches like this. He didn't miss a beat in front of this chick, establishing a cover for us seamlessly. Albeit, kind of a weird cover. Dad and daughter?

Unexpectedly, the thought made me clench my thighs together tightly, and then I felt flushed again as I realized how turned on I was by the idea of him playing Daddy. 

We hurried through the lobby and up the elevator, feeling the anticipation spark between us.

Once into the hotel room, I caught a case of nervous giggles and Joe laughed along.

"Oh shit, that was funny," he said. "I mean, I guess technically I could be your father, but -"

"Seriously?" I balked. "How old are you?"

"How old do you think I am... princess?" He added the nickname playfully, but I still felt the heat of his words zing down my spine.

"I don't know... forty?"

He grinned at me. "Older."

"Forty one?"

He grin grew wider. "Older."

I studied his face. Now that I was closer I could see the crows feet and the more subtle lines around his mouth. I cocked my head and licked my lips, his eyes again watching my tongue carefully. I smiled at him. "Forty five?"

His smile morphed from lusty to determined. "I'm forty four, Mary. I'm twenty years older than you. Are you sure you want to be here?" His hand reached out to hold mine. "If you aren't comfortable and don't want to push this any further, I understand. I swear. Although... we are here for an adventure, aren't we?"

I squeezed his hand with mine. 

"I want to be here, Joe. I want to be with you. After just talking for an hour, I already feel better with you than I have in months. I like how you make me feel."

"I like how you make me feel, too, Mary. You're so sweet," his lips kissed my cheek. "And kind." His kisses migrated down my neck. "Sexy." They nibbled my clavicle. "And I can't wait to make you feel incredible tonight."

My head fell back as he took control of my body. He led us over to the bed and gently pushed me down. His hands slid my jacket off my shoulders and immediately came back up to start rubbing, squeezing, fondling my tits. 

"Mmmm, Mary. These are amazing." His eyes stayed riveted to my full tits. He began unbuttoning my blouse. "I can see how hard your nipples are, baby. You like it when I stare at those tits?" He raised an eyebrow as he looked at my face as the blouse slid off my body.

"Yes," my voice sounded strained. I felt at his mercy and I was loving every second. 

His hands reached behind me and deftly unsnapped my bra, helping the cups slide down my torso. Then his lips met my left breast, suckling the nipple firmly. 
