 ”I don’t know about this.”

”Come on, Maddy, I thought you were into all this creepy shit.”

Maddy looked over at Julian and glared at him. He smiled back sweetly. Taking her hand, he pulled her onward again towards their destination.

Everyone in the area knew the tales of Rokland Manor. It was a rickety old mansion, three stories tall, that had been slated for demolition almost as long as it had been abandoned. Sitting alone at the end of the weed-choked driveway, the house was a reclusive structure that seemed intent to hide itself forever within the thick trees and shrubs that slowly grew closer and closer to the crumbling walls. Paint had long since flecked away from the rotting windowsills, and what windows were not boarded up had been smashed out by successive generations of vandals and hoodlums. The massive front doors had been smashed open by curious teens and never properly resealed. It was a house that had once been the glory of the entire area, but had retreated against the ravages of time and disuse until it could only whisper of its former majesty. And, so the stories went, it was haunted.

There were a number of stories of people who had ventured inside the old mansion, but always during the day. Not even the brazenness of youth could force anyone to stay inside after nightfall. Maddy had lived in the area for almost two years, and had heard all the tales. They all led to the simple statement that the house was haunted. Some said there was a murder, others cultish rituals. Some said that the house had taken on a life of it’s own. Maddy had seen the old place from a distance a number of times, but had never been this close. She had talked Julian into it, but it was Julian that forced her to go.

Maddy felt a chill shiver its way through her body as she approached. The dying light of the setting sun passed through a crack in the thick foliage and drenched the western walls in blood. In that brief second before the trees renewed the chink in their armor, Maddy had the sudden impression that the mansion was sneering at her. A part of her wanted more even as she pulled Julian to a stop.

”Are you sure about this?” she asked quietly. “We could come back in the morning.”

Julian raised his eyebrows and looked over his girlfriend in the dying light. She looked like she belonged in a place like this, he thought. It was not a cruel statement. From the first day he spotted her, the new girl in town, he was mesmerized. She was like nothing he had ever seen. She always dressed in black, her clothing ranging from heavily draped to nearly naked, from soft silks and velvets, to rubbers and leathers. That night she had decided on a long skirt over thigh-high heeled boots, with a silk blouse and soft, velvet corset. Her skin was the milky alabaster color that could only be obtained hiding a lifetime from the sun. Her long hair was spun silk in his hands, black as raven’s feathers, as dark as her eyes. She was wrapped up in darkness and gloom, but she was alive with the knowledge of who she was. And she was gorgeous.

It had not been love at first sight for Maddy when she first noticed the man staring at her, but it was lust. Her “type” was always hard to define, but looking at him, she decided that he could be. He was tall, much taller than herself which suited her fine, with a lithe, strong build. His chestnut hair was short and styled, bordering on daring but still within the realm of professional. He always dressed well, not preppy, or extravagant, just well. Julian was obviously attracted to her, something she certainly never held against him. But it was the way he paid attention to her, listened to her conversation, and fed off her mind that won him the right to get as close as they had become. 

”Afraid of the dark, little girl?” Julian teased. She was always the more daring one. It surprised Julian that it took Maddy so long to ask him about the house, and so much longer to work up the courage to actually want to go inside. He always felt the need to test her limits, and to push his own in order to keep her interest in that way couples do.

”N-no,” she said quickly. “Just don’t want to go fumbling around an old house in the dark.” 

”No worries.” Julian smiled and produced a couple of candles. “Come on, the house awaits.”

Maddy shrugged and allowed herself to be pulled along once again. They picked their way through the weeds along the stone and gravel driveway and to the first step of the crumbling stairs. The thirteen steps must have once been a sweeping invitation up to the large landing and the massive double doors. Looking up defiantly into the stone face of the house, Maddy and Julian stepped onto the stairs and hurried to the top. 

The brass doorknockers and handles had long ago been torn free. Various planks in different stages of wear and decay were scattered about or hung limply from the doors in the caretakers’ futile attempts to keep trespassers out. Looking at the strewn planks, Maddy suddenly wondered if perhaps it was the caretakers themselves that had started the haunted rumors. 

”Ready?” Julian drawled. His attempt at suspense made Maddy giggle.

”Come on,” she said, suddenly very interested. “You’ve been going on about this for a week now. Let’s see what all the hype is about.”

Julian stood in front of the double doors. With a glance over his shoulder that revealed a wicked smirk, he pulled at the doors. They swept open on rusty hinges, creaking ominously in the silent, dimming light of the warm evening. A sudden, distant crash caused both of them to look to the north. Inky, black clouds were quickly rolling in. Maddy glared at Julian playfully.

”I had nothing to do with that,” he assured her with a smile and gestured forward. “After milady.” Maddy raised her eyebrows and stepped inside.

Maddy stepped into a dream. The entrance to the house was a sweeping foyer that could have held her entire apartment twice over. Once, the area had been decorated in lavish tapestries, rich artwork and sculptures. The cherrywood, winding staircase that climbed up to the second story was once lovingly polished and the showcase for the foyer. What little light penetrated through the cracks in the boarded-up windows cast an eerie iridescence over the dismal room. The majesty had been stripped away one piece at a time. Only a thick layer of dust and mingling cobwebs garnished the foyer. Maddy could see footprints in the dirty floor, some partial covered with years of dust, some much more recent. 

Julian pulled the doors closed behind him as a crash of thunder boomed around them. Maddy started and grinned sheepishly at Julian. The last of the daylight faded into black as the storm swept over them. Julian fumbled with his lighter, but soon had both candles burning. He handed one off and started to look around.

”This place is incredible,” Maddy whispered as her hand hovered over the dusty walls and built-in cabinets. Julian only smiled at her.

The wind began as a soft moan, but quickly strengthened into a roaring monster that shrieked through the cracks in the windows and walls. It swept through the area as the couple explored, playfully dancing with their candles’ wicks. Outside they could hear the rain begin.

”Guess we’re stuck here for a while,” Julian said with a shrug. “At least until the rain stops. Come on, let’s look around.”

Maddy hugged her free hand close around her chest and strolled after the bouncing candle as Julian led the way down a hall. Every detail seemed to come alive as she held the candle close to the molding of the doorways and the ancient vents over the radiators. She stopped in a doorway and looked inside what was probably a large den. A fireplace large enough for her to stand inside dominated one wall in the bare room. A brilliant flash flooded the area. The cracks in the window boards cast a shadow that for the briefest of moments resembled a crippled old man. 

Maddy shrieked and staggered back a step. Catching herself, she giggled and turned to follow Julian. His light was gone.

”Julian,” she whispered, her voice sounding suddenly very empty with the wind and pounding rain screaming outside. “Julian?” she yelled out. There was no reply.

She cursed his name under her breath and moved through the house, searching from empty room to empty room. All around her the storm cast strange and nervous shadows as the lightning continued to dance in the night sky outside. She cupped the fragile flame of her candle as the wind threatened to extinguish it, and moved on. Her heart fluttered as her eyes desperately tried to pierce into the dark corners all about her. A cobweb brushed her face causing her to shriek and jump back. She panted, trying to catch her breath and glared at the webbing. Giggling to herself, she swiped at the errant strand and stepped through the archway.

Another crash boomed in Maddy’s ears, causing her to freeze. This crash was not thunder. It came from upstairs. Creeping delicately forward, she began to shiver as anxious sweat formed on her skin only to be chilled in the cool air. Stepping into a corridor, she found a set of narrow stairs spiraling upwards. Maddy took a deep breath, and with a quick look over her shoulder, started her ascent. 

The second floor was no less majestic and in no better repair than the main floor. Intervals of lightning flashed and flickered through broken windows and boards, casting their magical dance across the walls. Maddy crept down the wide hall, not even bothering to check the rooms she passed.

”Julian?” she whispered hoarsely. “Julian, where are you? Bastard.” She muttered the last under her breath and shook her head. “You’re going to get it when I find you.”

The floorboards creaked behind her, and Maddy whirled about. She staggered in her high-heeled boots and grabbed the wall for support. Her eyes swept over the empty hall as her pounding heart pumped blood into her ears and obscured her vision.

”Julian? This isn’t funny anymore.” Her voice found strength and daring in anger. “Where the fuck are you?” She took another deep breath, forcing herself to calm down. She had been in cemeteries far creepier than this old shack many times, Maddy told herself. Get a grip, girl.

She continued on her original path, picking her way carefully in the near blackness. The hall came to an intersection and she looked down all four directions. They seemed to be exactly the same. Maddy was about to take the one to her left when she felt something touch her back. She opened her mouth, but her voice was sucked from her throat as an extreme chill passed through her body, paralyzing all her muscles. It seemed to flow beneath her skin, touching and tickling with a burning cold. In a heartbeat, it was gone. 

Maddy stared wide-eyed for several moments before she realized she was free to move again. Her brain screamed in silent terror as she sprinted straight ahead. She rushed passed several doorways before something caught her sight. It was light, constant, warm light. She stopped and leaned against the wall, panting for breath. Julian, she thought.

”Julian?” she called out. “That better fucking well be you!” She hurried forward until she was within range of the doorway. “Julian?” It was candlelight; that much she was certain of. Peering around the corner, Maddy gasped. The room, probably a bedroom or guestroom, was covered in candles. In the center, several blankets had been tossed on top of each other into a makeshift bed. The storm gained strength outside the boarded windows as thunder and rain pounded against the majestic structure. Maddy smiled and started to walk inside when she heard a creak behind her again.

She was only able to half-turn before the heavy weight barreled into her. Her candle was knocked from her hands and put itself out as it hit the floor when two arms encircled around her and forced her into the room. She tried to scream when her voice found her throat, but it came out a slight chirp. Heart fluttering, Maddy was pitched down onto the blankets, and looked up to see Julian smirking above. 

”Bastard,” she shrieked as she clawed at him. Julian’s triumphant smile turned to shock as he faced her sudden fury. Grappling her arms, he forced them behind her back and squeezed her wrists together in his much larger hand. Using his free hand to pull back on her hair, he kissed her lips, pushing his tongue into her mouth. She shook her head and broke the kiss. 

”Bastard,” she growled again.

”Someone needs to be taught some manners,” Julian replied. With her wrists still locked in his grip, Julian spun her around and forced her onto her knees. Pushing his weight against her, he forced her face into the blankets and slid his free hand under her skirt. 

”Fuck you,” Maddy whimpered, then tried to fight free when she felt his warm hand on her inner thighs. Julian found her lacey panties and pulled. The delicate material easily shredded and he tossed the useless garment aside. Dragging her skirt up over her hips, he stared down at her shapely, exposed ass before working on his belt.

”This is what happens to little girls that don’t behave,” he growled in her ear as he pushed his pants and underwear down his thighs. Still holding her firm, he lined the head of his cock up with her already damp slit. There was no ceremony, no foreplay, as Julian held her wrists tight and forced his hips forward.

”Fuck,” Maddy screamed as her lover’s cock rammed deep inside her. Julian drew back and pumped forward again. With hard, even thrusts, he fucked her from behind while Maddy mewed into the blankets. When he felt her begin to relax and move her hips back against his thrusts, he pulled all the way out and spun her onto her back. 

Julian pounced on her, forcing his way between his legs. He crushed his mouth against Maddy’s as she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back. Their lips and tongues danced against one another as their hips rocked in erratic circles until Julian’s cock found Maddy’s hot, inviting hole. He pushed himself back inside of her, slowly pumping at the silky wetness.

The storm continued to savage outside, but the intensity only seemed to fuel the couple’s passion. Rising up on his hands, Julian kept his lips on hers as he worked at the lace of Maddy’s corset. Maddy’s hands ran along Julian’s chest and fumbled at the buttons of his shirt and she forced her tongue into his mouth. Julian was just beginning to pull the laces out of the many holes when Maddy pushed his undone shirt of his shoulders. He helped her pull it off, and was caught off guard as Maddy rolled over, pinning him beneath her.

Maddy sat up and slowly rolled her hips over his. Julian lay still and looked up her, awed by her beauty, his eyes filled with lust and love. Maddy twisted around and pulled his pants free. He kicked off his shoes and Maddy tore off his socks. Her hands roamed over his muscular, lithe chest, kneading his smooth skin. Looking down into his eyes, and never pausing in her gentle love making, Maddy pulled the lace work free. Easing the corset off her body, she leaned down and kissed him, purring into his mouth as he suddenly thrust in deep. Her hands remained busy as she worked at the buttons on her blouse. Julian moved his hands to her hips, rubbing her tender waist and reached behind her to find the zipper to her skirt.

It was an awkward procedure. The length of the skirt bunched up around her waist and her constant rocking made the simple unzipping difficult at best. She watched with an amused smirk until he pulled it completely free and tossed the garment aside. He reached up and placed the palms of his hands upon her chest right over her breasts and pushed gently pushed the blouse off her shoulders. She shrugged it off completely.

Totally naked now except for her boots, Julian looked over the woman that road on top of him and she looked down at the sinewy body of her lover. The brilliant lightning combined with the soft glow of the candles to ignite their bodies in teasing glimpses of intensities. 

Julian’s hands found the warm, firm globes her small, perfect breasts and massaged them gently. 

”Oh, Julian,” she moaned as he played with her tits, rubbing her rock-hard nipples. “God yes, Julian.”

Julian pulled her down, mashing her tits against his chest. He always loved the feel of her firm yet tender breasts against his bare chest. Kissing her again, he ran one hand along her hip and around her ass before rolling her onto her back once more. He pushed himself slightly off of her and looked into her dark eyes.

”Fuck me, Julian,” she whispered. “Please fuck me.”

”You don’t have to ask,” he whispered back and smiled. “You have to beg.”

She glared at him, trying to keep the corners of her mouth straight. “Fuck me, Julian. Come on you son-of-a-bitch, I said fuck me.” She started twisting beneath him, fighting to get free. “If you don’t, I’ll find someone who can.”

”You aren’t going nowhere, little whore,” Julian hissed at her at a crash of thunder rang through the room. He sneaked his arms under her shoulders and forced her against him. Maddy moaned, but still thrashed about and tried to force her thighs shut while she pounded on his back and shoulders. Shifting his hips forward, Julian forced his cock in as deep as he could and pressed his lips against hers.

Maddy resisted at first, until he started to rock in and out of her enflamed cunt in short thrusts. Her pounding settled into to patting, then caressing as she pulled down on his back, trying to force all of his body into hers. 

Julian groaned as started thrusting into her harder, his tempo gaining speed. He could feel the muscles of her cunt expand and contract around his hard cock as he fucked her. Their grunts and moans mingled with the sounds of the wind and rain outside. Despite the chill, their bodies were bathed in sweat as Julian fucked her as hard and fast as he could.

”Oh god yes,” Maddy screamed. “Fuck me Julian. Fuck me.”

”Yes,” Julian groaned back. “So fucking good. You feel so good around me.”

”Please,” she whimpered. “Cum in me. I’m going to cum. Cum in me.”

”Fuck yes.” Julian pounded in her with all the strength he could.

”Yessss. Fuck. Cum in me. I’m going to cum. Fuck. Cumming. Cum in me. I’m CUMMING!”

Julian felt her cunt spasm around with cock with more intensity then he had ever felt before. Bellowing, unable to force his brain to form words, he rammed into her quivering cunt as his balls exploded. His cum erupted into her drenched hole as her entire body continued to quake beneath him. 

Exhausted and panting, he collapsed his weight on top of her even as she twitched and spasmed. Her felt her orgasm continue long after he was spent and his cock began to soften. Kissing her cheek he rolled his weight off of her. She kept her arms around him and kissed his lips softly as she purred in his mouth.

*****

Julian awoke and looked around the dimly lit room before he recalled where he was. The storm outside seemed to have passed, though the wind still blew with a constant whipping. Looking to his watch he realized that he had only dozed for a couple of hours. He smiled to himself and closed his eyes. They had made love again when they regained their breaths, mad, ferocious sex to feed their appetites, only to fall asleep in one another’s arms.

Julian’s eyes opened wide as he looked at the empty spot beside him. All of her clothes were gone.

”Maddy?” he called out softly as he climbed to his feet. He shivered in the cool night air. The electricity of the storm still tingled his skin. He quickly threw on his clothes and picked up a candle before wandering into the hall. “Maddy?”

He had been in the house many times in his more daring youth, and a few times recently as he prepared for this night. But it was always in the light of day. The house seemed immense to him then. In the darkness, wrapped in the aftermath of a powerful storm, it seemed infinite. Julian moved slowly, peering into all the corners, constantly looking over his shoulder. He excepted Maddy to be hiding in wait, prepared to jump out at any moment in vengeance of his early actions.
