 Authors note. 

Non of this story what it first seems.

My thanks go to Piscator from the Literotica Volunteer Editor program for helping add some polish to submission.




The confines of the wardrobe felt claustrophobic.

About me the stifling air, a heady mixture of perfume, mothballs and fabric conditioner, soon began to nauseate.

Then the black woollen balaclava started to irritate my skin.

As I waited, sweat trickled down my back, draining down the lower curve of my spine before disappearing into the crevasse between my butt.

I desperately wanted to cool off and remove my coat, but needed the contents of the pockets at hand when I burst out and took her.

After what seemed an eternity, she breezed into the bedroom looking happy and relaxed. She was dressed in a smart light-grey business suit, white silk blouse, dark stockings and high heels.

Except it wasn't like any business suit I'd ever seen.

The skirt was way too short for the office - revealing glimpses of dark stocking tops as she moved, the erotic swish of it's silk lining sliding smoothly over black nylon.

Her silk blouse was also cut way too low to possibly be tolerated by even the most open-minded of office managers, her sit-up-and/beg breasts bursting out the top of a lace bra revealed the dimpled edges of both large brown areoles. 

Was she already dressed for sex?

For a woman in her mid forties she still looked fit and devastatingly attractive. I knew she worked out in the nearby gym as I'd watched her several times pumping weights in her clinging lycra gym clothes.

Although she carried a few extra pounds around her waist and shoulders, her arms had good muscle definition and her thighs bulged like pile-drivers. Her skin was more tanned then last I'd seen her, I guessed she had recently been under the UV lamps.

It was her jet black hair that had first attracted me to her, that and an alluring ski slope nose, full lips and dark eyes.

She was an Amazon and I anticipated a tough struggle to subdue her before I could thrust my rampant penis into her muscular body.

Strangely I didn't want to mark her or hurt that magnificent physique. I just longed to feel my naked body against her skin, force her to submit and violate her hard in both holes. 

She intimidated me. But I had to be her master.

Humming something tuneless she shimmied out of her skirt which slid down her legs to crumple on the hard floor. Casually glancing down she carelessly stepped one leg out of the waistband, the light catching the sheen of her expensive silk stockings. Stepping sideways she hooked the waistband of the skirt on the toe of her stiletto shoe and deftly flicked it through the open bathroom door onto the polished granite tiles.

Outside the house an emergency vehicle sped past, sirens clearing the way ahead. She seemed to pause, smile and listened until it faded into the traffic noise of the evening rush hour.

Her luxurious Parisian perfume pervaded the room somehow finding a way into the wardrobe, further enfaming my passion.

By now my eye was pressed close to the spy hole in anticipation of the moment I would launch my attack.

Meanwhile she had taken her smartphone from her shoulder bag and with one hand thumbed in a number.

With her other hand she began to slowly ease the top button of her blouse.

I dare not attack while she was speaking to someone else.

While she waited for the number to ring she walked confidently around to the bottom of the bed directly facing my hiding place, her stilettos clicking sexily on the polished wooden floor.

My heart leapt in panic for a moment as she seemed to be looking directly at me.

Then I realised she was examining her body in the mirrors hanging on the outside of the wardrobe doors. 

Seeming to approve of what she saw, she cupped a firm breast and nodded to herself in approval.

To get a better view of her I had to move carefully to my right to see through the thin gap between the doors. I was breathing heavily anticipating that thrilling moment when I would be discovered.

But she remained relaxed.

She had just sat down just a few feet from my hiding place as someone must have answered her call.

"Hello, is that Mrs Okara?" she asked in the cultured voice of an educated professional.

"This is Leanne Cooper from your husband's office, I'm so sorry to have disturbed your evening but I'm finalising the papers for tomorrow's board meeting and the CEO would like David to check a couple of points if he's at home?

As she spoke she unfastened the last button on her blouse and began adjusting a strap of her suspender belt, momentarily admiring her sleek legs in the mirror.

After a few seconds she spoke again, "Yes I'm still at my desk but this doesn't happen very often, just a few minutes more then it's home for me, a hot bath and put my tired feet up. That's what you get for being the Chief Executive's Personal Assistant." 

Then added, "Thank you Mrs Okara, of course I'll hold, and once again I apologise for calling your husband at home."

As she waited she slipped a heel out of one shoe and began flicking it from side to side, her silken leg stretched out - as if somehow flirting with me.

Then her face lit up as the man she was calling had evidently picked up the phone.

"It's me Leanne. No of course I'm not still at the office, I just said that to put your Stepford fucking bitch off the scent." She listened for a few moments then said, "Is the frigid slut still there? Are you free to speak?"

There was a pause in the conversation. I imagined the man putting down the phone and closing a door for privacy or perhaps he moved into another room.

In that time she put down the phone, wriggled out of her blouse, quickly reaching behind her to remove her push-up bra. Now all she wore was the black six-strap suspender belt, seamed black nylons and matching patent high heels.

God she looked hot!

Returning the phone to her ear she twisted her body side-on to the mirrors, gave both nipples a quick tweak to snap them to attention and straightened up. Her breasts were perfect, a woman twenty years younger would have thought herself a glamour model with them.

And while she had clearly lost some of the magic bloom of youth she was still a very attractive woman.

"I thought you might like to come out for a picnic with me?"

She twirled a strand of hair between two fingers as she began flirting.

"Why tonight of course!"

She was enjoying her sexy innuendos.

"I thought I could bring the starter, something succulent, something very Brazilian, something that you could enjoy eating. And you bring the main course - you know I love dark meat, especially when it has a firm bone and comes with lots of gravy for me to lick off!" She sniggered, amused at her own inventiveness.

As she spoke she opened her thighs at last revealing to me the promised land that was the thin landing strip of her Brazilian topiary, the inviting mound of her sex and the inviting lips of her shaved vagina. Then with two fingers spread wide she slowly slid her hand down her stomach, passing close to the edges of her neat Brazilian trim and caressed the opening lips of her labia.

"And if that doesn't make your mouth water I've got a special birthday present for you."

Her face took on a wicked smile.

"Give you a clue? Well it's small, looks like a rosebud and is best entered through the back door!" Again she chuckled in delight.

Then she rolled onto her stomach, her legs stretching from the end of the bed to the floor, her pert ass grinning at me. As she spoke she opened her legs wide, revealing the crack of her butt, reached back and slid a long-nailed finger onto the rosebud of her anal entrance and began to circle it in anticipation.

"Well you've been asking me long enough, I thought just for once you could come with me in the tunnel of love!" she giggled in delight.

This was the moment I had waited for, the perfect position for me to take her, face down on the bed and unable to identify me. I would be able the remove the balaclava and fuck both holes without much of a struggle. My erection had found its way out of my flies and throbbed up and down in rhythmic pulses. My mouth was dry and I could smell my own body sweat.

I thought my chest might not withstand the pounding of my excited heart.

"I'm sure you can find a good excuse to get away for an hour, tell her you have to go back to the office to check some papers or some other bullshit."

Her hand let go of her hair and began playing casually with a strap of her suspender belt.

"I'll get dressed into something guaranteed to break your neck with a hard-on and meet you in the usual place in an hour. Can't wait to taste your salted beef!"

I watched her ring off with a press of her thumb on the keypad.

This was my moment.

With one hand I carefully drew out the hunting knife from my pocket, with the other grasped the partially closed cable ties needed to manacle her wrists and ankles.

Then I readied one shoulder against the wardrobe doors. I took a final glance through the door gap to confirm exactly where she was and thrust open both doors with a crash.

Surprise was everything, especially against a tall, muscular warrior like her.

As I burst out onto the glorious scene of her face down on the bed, something caught my eye hanging on the back of the bedroom door - something I'd missed when I broke in.

It was the uniform and equipment of a police officer - metal sergeants stripes on the epaulettes of a stab vest, night stick and handcuffs attached to a webbed belt.

Momentarily confused I hesitated looking first at her then again at the police uniform.

"What the Fuck..."

In that instant she exploded into action, whirling a long leg in a high arc, her body twisted around to face me. Then a stiletto heel struck my hand, sending the knife spinning harmlessly across the room. A moment later she was on me, one hand around my throat the other gripping my wrist with a vice-like grip.

My god she was strong.

I hardly had time to think before it was me face down in the bed with her sitting astride my waist, one arm up my back feeling like it might break. I stifled a scream of pain unable to move. A few seconds later she had taken my other arm, twisted it behind my back and secured both wrists with my own cable ties.

Fuck, it was uncomfortable!

Then she reached forward, dragging the balaclava from my face and snatching a great handful of hair. In a savage movement she wrenched my head backwards causing me to fear she might snap my neck.

"Put your heels together and bend them towards me! Try kicking me and I'll put you in a fucking wheelchair!" she spat.

I did as she said and a couple of seconds later I felt the other cable tie tighten around both ankles, the tiny plastic ratchets securing my legs firmly together.

"Don't move or say anything until I say - you useless cunt!" she said, dismounting from me. Then I heard her step away a couple of feet and take something from behind the door, I guessed it must be her police radio.

I froze in position, straining to hear what she was doing. I could make out she was clipping on her police belt which meant she probably had access to pepper spray, taser and other painful weapons.

My head was turned to the right facing a dressing table with several drawers, a mirror and a padded stool.

Then she came into my field of view, admittedly 90 degrees out of vertical, but the sight of her almost made me come. She looked sensational. Still wearing only stockings, suspenders and high heels she now wore the police black webbing belt bulging with equipment. She stopped and turned to examine me.

Now only inches from her perfect landing strip and shaved pussy I could smell her pheromones.

I raised my head slightly off the bed to get a better view of her breasts only to receive a crack on the head from her night stick.

"Which part of 'don't move', didn't you understand you thick twat? she hissed.

Returning my face to the bed I watched as she turned, bent forward and took something from a drawer.

It was a single black seamed stocking. She first waved it in front of my face then quickly screwed it into a gag before tearing my head back and stuffing it into my already dry mouth.

"Fucking pervert," she said, then grabbed hold of my coat, effortlessly flipping me over onto my back, my hard cock straining back and forth like a wand in the still air of the bedroom.

I was in a mess, trussed up in my hot attack clothes, arms pinned beneath me, predator become quarry. But at least I could see what she was doing.

I watched, both fascinated and fearful as she began searching for something on the bedroom floor.

She soon found what she sought against the bedroom door. But instead of immediately picking it up, she took a pair of blue forensic gloves from her belt and made a big show of snapping them on each hand, as if preparing for a body search.

Then she revealed the hunting knife. Only now, from the position of victim, did I realise just how terrifying the glinting 8" steel blade really was.

Her stilettos clicked again as she approached me, face twisted in an evil grin.

I whimpered like a child as she brought the razor-sharp blade close to the head of my prick. But instead of cutting me, she sliced open the front fastens of my trousers, then putting the blade on the bed, began to shimmy my trousers down around my bound ankles.

She did the same with the buttons on my jacket and shirt before throwing them open.

She paused, seeming to appraise my naked body for a moment or so, then kicking off her heels, climbed onto the bed, standing up high above me with a foot planted either side of my hips.

Suddenly she squatted down on me and with one hand on the shaft of my penis, lowered herself onto me. The lips of her labia closed around my wet shaft and she gyrated herself until she had taken it all up to my balls. I grunted approval but she raised her night stick in warning to keep quiet.

After a while she began to gently bounce up and down on me, withdrawing just enough for the head of my prick to touch the wet lips of her sex.

She continued fucking me for several unbelievable minutes leaning back to support herself on my legs, twice bringing me to the crest of orgasm then pausing until the moment passed.

Then she was rocking back and forth, both hands on my chest, beginning to moan as she moved inexorably towards her climax.

I steeled myself not the come before her, using every mental trick I knew to stem the flow.

Then she came, pulsing on my cock, her spent juices dripping down my shaft.

"O'h fuck!"she screamed, digging her nails deep into the tight skin of my chest.

Unable to hold back any longer I let go, ejaculating on the crest of the highest pleasure wave I could imagine - and kept coming as she continued milking me with her tight muscular pussy.

As our passions both began to subside she leaned forward her face close to mine studying my eyes. Her hot sweet breath gently caressing my skin.

Then she removed the stocking gag from my mouth.

We both broke into wide smiles as she put her glossy lips on mine and thrust her tongue deep inside my mouth. I began to suck her tongue in an effort to slake my thirst. Understanding what I wanted she gently dribbled her sweet spit into me which I swallowed hungrily.

After a while she raised herself up on strong arms, and sliding forward brought her firm breasts within licking distance of my lips. I lifted my head slightly forward and took an erect nipple into my mouth, sucking hard and gently closing my teeth around it.

She squirmed with pleasure then rolled over on her back, arms and legs wide and staring at the ceiling. I turned my head to look at her beautiful profile then we both curled up with convulsive laughter.

As our bodies writhed I caught the faint but unmistakable musty scent of semen mixed with sweat rising from between our wet legs.

"God that was incredible sex, I haven't come so strong for years!" I said at last.

"You haven't had a hard-on like that for years," she said, it was like a fucking rod of iron!"

"It was your acting with the phone that made it hard - you were fucking amazing. And when you flashed your rosebud at me I almost ejaculated in the fucking wardrobe!" I said, looking at her with true admiration.

"Those two years at acting school weren't wasted then?" she said turning her sweet face towards me.

"You were totally amazing" I repeated, "but it was the police uniform and accessories that put the cherry on the cake, where did you get them from?"

"The fancy dress shop in town," she said. "Take a look in the belt pouches, something in there might give you another idea."

"I would if I wasn't trussed up like a fucking Christmas turkey, get the knife and let me loose!"

It took a couple of minutes for her to cut me free of my bonds and throw the ripped and shredded clothes onto the bedroom floor.

Then it was my turn to sit across her stretched out bronzed figure, my penis hanging limp between her thighs, the head nuzzling against her moist vagina. She watched me with the eyes of a hawk about to strike as I began systematically searching the pouches on her equipment belt.

Then my hands closed around a small plastic bottle filled with an oily liquid.

"This?" I queried, holding up the bottle.

"Two uses," she giggled, "to make rosebuds grow and another to open the back door!"

"Are you serious?" I asked, searching her face for signs of a practical joke.

But she was serious.

"My birthday present?" I said incredulously, " But anal has always been a strict taboo with you?"

"The sex therapist told us to be adventurous, so I gave myself an enema a couple of hours ago. But you have to be very careful not to tear me, so go slowly and use lots of lube."

That said she sat up, kissed me lovingly then gently turned over on her front, drawing both knees up under her in submission.

"Enjoy your birthday present!" she said, pulling a pillow to her face and gripping it tightly.

Again the scent of her pheromones wafted into my nose and instantly my penis reacted, quickly becoming engorged and rigid.

"Don't you just love this role play stuff" I said drizzling oil onto the purple head of my penis and gently massaging some on to her pink rosebud.

Then as an afterthought, I reached across, picked up the spit-soaked stocking we had used as a gag and offered it to her.

"From what I've read you're going to need this," I said, a note of wickedness creeping back into my voice.