 I have been working at the same warehouse for over two years. All the other associates are the same; fat or old, young or skinny, they all run together. Every day is exactly the same, just like that Nine Inch Nails song I can never get out of my head. 

That is... until you came along. You were different than all the others. You were good looking, with your short spiky sandy blond hair and blue eyes, the glasses you weren't afraid to wear around others for fear that it might make you look geeky. But what really got me was your height. You had to be at least 6 foot 4, and when you introduced yourself to me for the first time with a firm handshake and a half-smile, half-smirk, I felt my panties become moist just having to tilt my head up to look into your eyes. I don't know what it is with tall men, but height gets me every time. Perhaps its because I am indeed a little taller than most of my female coworkers at 5 foot 6. Hell, I'm taller than some of the men, too, which another reason why no one ever cause such a reaction as you did the first day I met you. I knew from then on, I'd look forward to going to work at such a mundane place.

For the first few months, every time I saw your broad shoulders in front of me as your muscles stretched taut when you pulled the pallet jack behind you through the warehouse, or if you looked up and made eye contact, I got a tingly feeling inside. I thought it was just a crush. Something silly that would pass over time. But the only thing that changed over time was my erotic thoughts.

Every time we shared a break together, there were more sly innuendos inserted into the conversation. More very light almost accidental touches. More excuses to see each other or 'run into' each other. I found myself day dreaming about taking advantage of the handicapped bathroom with you. It was a one-stall deal with a lock on the door. I wanted so bad for you to just push me in there one day and fuck me against the wall, whispering to me what I dirty little slut I was, and how I felt wrapped around your hard cock as you thrust into me from behind. And every time I had a fantasy, and then bumped into you later on, it just made it worse... my face always burned in shame and embarrassment. You wouldn't want little old me, when you had countless other women to choose from. Women who were skinnier, who didn't wear glasses, who weren't so pale. It didn't matter how often we shamelessly flirted, it would never happen.

Or so I thought.

Today is just like any other day. 9 hour shift, dealing with bull-shit customers and doing far too much work for measly minimum wage. Since I can't afford a car, I'm all bundled up to prepare for the long cold walk home in the snow.... in the middle of the night, no less. I live alone in a bad neighborhood, something my mother always warned me against doing, but I am determined to be an independent woman.

I step outside into the flurries, shivering in my thin coat. Its so cold that I can feel my nipples poke through my bra, my t-shirt, and my coat. I begin the walk home. But as I get to the edge of the parking lot, I hear a car pull up behind me. Its a classic BMW, something from the 70's, it looks like. Its small. To my surprise, the guy behind the wheel leans over and opens the door on my side. Its you. You're almost unrecognizable in the dark, in your beanie and scarf and gloves and thick coat, the lights from the dashboard glinting on your glasses. You tell me to get in, and without a second's hesitation, I do. The car hasn't warmed up yet, and I shiver so hard my teeth chatter. I struggle with getting the door closed all the way, so you lean over and do it for me, slamming it soundly. As you do, your hand brushes against my my hard nipples on accident. I hear myself gasp and feel my crotch grow just a little warmer. You hastily apologize. I say its okay... 

The next few moments are spent in awkward silence at the stop sign as we wait for a long line of cars to move. Its busy for a cold night. You gently ask me directions to my house, and I direct you through the neighborhood. Our work is only a couple blocks away, and before I know it, we're at my tiny apartment. I unbuckle my seatbelt and thank you for the ride, blushing in embarrasment now that I've realized that you've seen my shitty neighborhood. I go to get out the car, but before I know it, you're already outside and opening the door for me. I scramble out, aware that the neighbor's car is crowding us close together. My heart is beating fast. My nipples are hard for another reason entirely now, and my panties are just a bit damper. You're at my apartment....

I realize where my thoughts are trailing again and I blush. What was wrong with me tonight? I scramble for my keys and rush to the front door of my apartment, trying not to slip on the ice. I get the door, and you're right behind me, blocking me between the screen door and the wooden door. I turn around and look up at you, our faces inches apart. I thank you again for the ride home. I realize that you tower over me, and its very domineering. Very sexy. What is it with tall men? I am essentially trapped between the two doors and your tall frame. I blush again. What I wouldn't give for you to kiss me right now...

You smirk. "Are you alright..?" You ask in a slightly raspy voice that is very sexy and secretive. I feel stupid as I soon figure out that I've been standing in my doorway for a few minutes now waiting on something that might never happen. 

''Y-y-yes.. sorry." I stutter. I go to turn back to the doorknob, but as i do, my ass brushes against your crotch, and I feel the bulge that is growing there. Even through all the layers, you're hard as a rock, and long. I feel a little intimidated and give a start when I hear a slight scoff then growl.

"Fuck it..." 

Next thing I know, I'm whirled around and pressed hard against my cold wooden door, your lips attacking mine. You start sucking on my bottom lip, and my hands are both pushed over my head and pinned to the door in one of yours. Your other hand is freely roaming my body, your jean-clad hard cock pressing into the apex of my thighs, and I moan when you slide your tongue into my mouth. You take my keys from my hand, and keeping my hands pinned in your right hand, you use your left to open the door with the keys and drag me into the apartment. You shut the door behind us, and push me against the wall. Its warmer here, so you take off my hat, scarf, and gloves and discard your own. Your teeth are roughly pulling at my bottom lip. You hoist me easily up into the air, my thighs wrapped around your waist, and your hard cock pressed against my hot center. I moan again and clutch you tighter to me, raking my nails over your scalp. 

You yank your mouth away and start sucking on my neck, growling. "You have any fucking idea how long I've been waiting for this? I've wanted you for so long. I need to be inside you, need to feel you clenching around me..."

I'm a little apprehensive, because my ex was small and it didn't hurt when he had sex with me, but it didn't feel good, either. It didn't even hurt when he took my virginity. In my experience, the only thing that I knew really how to do with sex was oral, but then he was easy to fit into my mouth. But I can already tell that you are very much endowed, just from the hardness pressing between my thighs. I tell you to take me to the bedroom, and as small as my apartment is, it doesn't take you long to find it. You put me down on the bed, and sitting down with you standing up, its easy to reach your pants. I quickly unbutton your fly and pull down your black pants and black boxer briefs that are tight over your hard cock, and I feel my mouth water. I lift the edge of your boxer briefs over your cock and pull them down your thighs, then take you completely into my mouth, my hands gripping your strong backside to pull you in further between my greedy lips. You taste so hot and hard... so silky and smooth. You taste like a man should... I moan in appreciation as you growl and grunt, grabbing the top of my four poster queen sized bed. 

"Mmmm, yeah... that's it... take it all. Oh, fuck, I love the way my hard cock slides between your greedy little lips...."

I start bobbing my head as your cock grows even harder in my mouth. I swirl my tongue under the cleft of the head, then on the left side, then on the right, getting your dick so fucking wet, as wet as my pussy is now in my panties. I take you in deeper until you reach the back of my throat, once, twice, three times. 

"Fuck! Oh, god, you're such a good little cum slut, aren't you? I never thought you'd be so good at this... baby, don't stop!" You groan, and it spurs me on. I take my right hand and spit on it, then start twisting it up and down your length, all the while keeping my tongue swirling under the head of your cock, moaning in appreciation. My panties are soaked in my pants, and my nipples are so hard they hurt. But I want this. I'm no longer embarrassed or ashamed. Having your cock in my mouth makes me bold... makes me feel alive. I want you to cum in my mouth. I start going faster with my hand, then let your cock pop out of my mouth and instead dive under to suck on your balls, pulling one into my mouth and swirling over it with my tongue.

"That's it, baby.. suck on my balls, suck 'em.... oh fuck.. yeah. Run your tongue between them... such a good little girl. Such a dirty little slut..." 

I almost cum right there. That phrase... oh, fuck how it turns me on so much. It was like you read my mind. I want so much to please you and I know you're close, so I moan around your cock, eager for your release... but then you surprise the hell out of me and pull your cock out of my mouth while pushing me on my back. You nearly rip my jeans off with my tennish shoes while your hard cock bobs in the air. You eagerly pop open the buttons to my blouse as well as the front clasp to my bra, then straddle my chest, pushing my tits together and sliding your cock between them. 

Mmmm... its incredibly hot, watching your muscles bulge as you fuck my tits, your head thrown back. You clench your teeth and groan as you cum all over my neck and tits, and I can't help but moan as I watch you. My pussy is aching so hard... its dripping onto the bed. I look up at you and smile sweetly, tracing your hot cum all over my tits. 

You get off of me and stare down at me appreciatively as I unconciously pull my knees up to my chest, exposing my ass and bare pink little pussy.

''Wow... you look so fucking gorgeous with my cum dripping off of you... Did you like that? Did you like me fucking your tits?" You flash me that half-smirk you reserve just for me and slap my ass.

I moan and nod, almost against my will. I whisper, "Mmm.. baby... harder.." 

You spank me again, and this time, your hand connects just a little with my pussy, and I feel it clench so hard... It feels so good, this pain mixed with pleasure. I moan louder. You keep slapping my ass, turning it warm and pink, and soon you're panting and hard again.

"I'm gonna slap your ass one more time... then I'm gonna fuck that tight little cunt of yours the way you've been begging me to with your eyes for months..." The last slap is hard and resounding... it stings as it connects wetly with my pussy and I clench to keep from cumming right there. 

Once again, you surprise me by turning me over and pressing down on my shoulders until my tits are flat against the bed, and lifting my hips into the air, my legs spread. I am completely exposed, the air sliding sensually over my quivering pussy. You thread your fingers through my hair, and pull at the base of my head. Holy fuck, it feels so good. Mmm... I love my hair being pulled; the harder the better. I feel you trace the head of your cock against my exposed pink lips, sliding between them, but not inside them, and I moan again. 

"Do you want this? Do you want me inside your tight little cunt?" 

I whimper and nod my head, muffling my answer into the bed. I feel you finally plunge into me to the hilt, and its all I can do not to scream. You're so big and so deep, so much larger than I expected. I whisper expletives into the comforter as I feel you slide into me over and over again, your balls slapping my ass. You're moaning my name between curses, and I'm answering in kind. Its so much better than my fantasies... I feel you brush the roof my pussy with every thrust, and it feels fucking amazing. 

"Oh, god, you're so fucking tight... I'm gonna cum so hard! Your pussy was made for me, you dirty little slut... I want you to cum with me.. I want to feel your cum dripping down my balls as I ride you..." You pull back on my hair and I groan aloud, clenching the bedspread so hard my knuckles turn white. You suddenly yank one of my hands down between my legs and presses the palm against my swollen clit.

"Play with yourself... I want to feel your tiny hand sliding over your clit and my shaft at the same time. You're gonna cum for me tonight, you beautiful, greedy slut..." I quickly start sliding my fingers over my clit and your hard cock fast and rough, bringing myself closer as you pick up speed. Its so deliciously wet and slick. All my nerve endings are on fire, and it feels so fucking much better than whenever I would touch myself in bed, alone. The bed is groaning in protest, and our skin is slapping together, but at this point, I don't care about the neighbors hearing us. I just want you to cum inside me....

Suddenly, your hold tightens around my hair, and you pound into me even harder. The brutal thrusts take me over the edge and I scream into the comforter, quivering and clenching around your cock as you cum right after me, groaning and growling my name. Its euphoric and mind-boggling, how good you just made me feel. You collapse to the side of me and I smile serenely, finally sated. Mmmm... I needed that.