 She heard him below in the bathroom, breathing hard, like he'd just worked out, like a bellows. She tiptoed down the stairs, a devilish idea taking hold. She'd reverse the roles and make him come multiple times before she'd finally relent and take the length of him inside her; See how he liked it! 

His head was hanging low as he leaned over the sink. She made sure to slide her body across his back as she slipped past him, glancing back to see that his softened manhood slowly started lengthening and thickening again. He washed his hands, eyes closed, enjoying the heat. 

She surreptitiously coaxed a palmful of coconut oil out, while he wasn't looking, then slid behind him, nipples hardening deliciously against the warm muscle of his back. Her hips pushed forward into his butt, and she slid her hand around to the front of him, oil now slick in her palm...

His eyebrows climbed higher than she'd ever seen them as she quickly coated him the warm oil and started pumping.

"What's this?" 

"Opposite day!" Her other hand slid up to cover his mouth as she pulled his hips into hers. He was hardening marvelously in the one hand, and groaning helplessly into the other. She jacked him slowly, enjoying the way he shook with each stroke, his muscles tensing and releasing like a shiver.

The trickle of wet graduated to a flood, and she squeezed her thighs together. He hadn't protested... surprise... so she slid her hand from his mouth to his stomach, pulling him into her, and increased the stroking, twirling her palm across the head of his hardness, before squelching down his shaft, again and again. She peeked around him to watch the beautiful agony play across his face, idly wondering if that's what her face did when his fingers did their dance across her folds...

His legs were shaking, and muscles across his naked body stood out in taut relief, only to shiver and soften before tightening again. 

"Unnnh." 

Words had apparently deserted him again as she teased his cock with her fingertips, tracing veins, before swiping her palm from side to side across the tip. Her other hand slipped down to massage his balls as she whispered into his back.

"Come for me, love, I want to feel you pulsing in my hands, like I do when you're inside me." 

"Oh fuck," he breathed, and very nearly came on command, spurting out forcefully as she pumped him, each jet palpable in her palms. She kissed the quivering muscles of his back, and just about had to hold him upright. He leaned on the counter before he fell over and she let his cock go, but not before eliciting a few more shivers via her fingertips.

Once more the bellows as he sucked in air, trying to come down from the high. She giggled and turned on the shower...

* * * * *

She watched him try to stagger out of the bathroom, but she wasn't finished with him yet. 

"Get in here!" she called to his limping form through the shower door.

"You can't be serious!" She heard the incredulity in his voice.

"Opposite day, love, get in." 

He pulled the door open, enjoying the shining wet form of her, muscular, powerful thighs, a perfect curve of ass, hips made for his hands, all gleaming and wet. He felt his cock firming up, despite her attempts to make it docile. 

Stepping in, he pulled the door closed behind him, her closeness now palpable. Standing against the back of the shower, she let him drink her in for a few moments, before grabbing a handful of his hair and pushing him down to his knees. He looked up at her, blinking away the water splashing off her, her eyes closed, nipples taut and uplifited, swaying with each breath. 

She lifted her leg, resting her thigh on his shoulder, her sex opening slightly. The heat of her was noticeable even over the shower, and he slid his hands up the back of her thighs to fill his hands with her ass. 

He kneaded the muscular skin, watching her folds part slightly. One hand trailed across her hips, for his fingers to collect her wet from her center and spread it over her clit. She jerked and whimpered, hand tightening in his hair. 

His fingers were circling, and that was too much control for her, she pulled his face into her sex. 

"You know what I want,"

"I want to hear you say it." he rumbled into her thigh.

"Lick me," she whispered. 

He stuck his tongue out and slid it across her hip, before stopping.

She groaned in frustration, opening her eyes and glaring down at him.

"You know what I meant."

"Tell me."

"I want your mouth on my pussy." She shivered slightly at the last word, as she rarely used it. His cock tightened just hearing her say it. 

"That's my girl," he rumbled into her sex, tongue delving deep to taste her wetness. 

Her leg trembled, and her foot drummed against his back as he slid his tongue through the valleys of her, circling her clit now and again. His fingers weren't idle, slipping two deep inside her to coax out even more wet. Between his tongue and his fingers, he knew it wouldn't be long for her. 

Her turn for the bellows, inhaling hard as her orgasm approached, full breasts swaying heavily. Sucking her clit into his lips, his tongue teased it lightly and he enjoyed the electrifying sensation it had on her. Flattening his tongue, he fluttered it against her and teased her g-spot with his fingers to send her crashing over the edge. He pulled away slightly:

"Your turn to come for me, my heart, come in my mouth."

She wailed as she came, her thighs clenching, hands tight in his hair as if to pull his tongue into her sex.Her hips swayed as she continued to grind her pussy into his face in the aftershocks, thick thighs spasming on either side of his head. 

Reaching up, he slid her thigh from his shoulder as she leaned against the back of the shower, quivering. He stood slowly, lifting her up into the hot spray of water and supporting her orgasm-induced weakness. He smiled into her neck as he reached for her soap, looking forward to the slip and slide of his soapy hands all across her firm body...