 My name's Carly Stone. I met Jack in the summer of 1999, while shopping in his store. I was having trouble finding a good wine for a dinner party I was having that night, and Jack jumped right in and suggested one, which, by the way, was a hit at my party. Jack was 51 years old and I had just graduated from college, just on the cusp of my 23rd birthday. 

The first thing I noticed about him was the beautiful streaks of gray hair that adorned his thick, black locks. The two colors blended perfectly. He had an amazing smile and a laugh I'm sure you could hear five blocks away. 

The morning after my party, I went back to his shop, to thank him for his help, and to let him know how perfectly the wine capped off the menu. He seemed as pleased as I was, then he ever so boldly asked me to dinner. I graciously accepted, if nothing else, I would treat him, you know, a proper thank you for his help.

Now, I know what you're thinking. What on Earth could a 23 year old woman and a 51 year old man have in common? Trust me, I asked this same question to myself many times, while getting ready for our date. 

After tossing several dresses onto the bed, I finally decided on the navy blue, low cut, ankle length cocktail dress. After all, we weren't going to McDonald's, and I wanted to look my best. 

I stood in the bathroom, I know, at least an hour, trying to figure out just the right hairstyle to compliment the plunging neck line of my dress. I'm not a beauty queen by any stretch of the imagination, but, I'm not too hard on the eyes either. I was blessed with a D cup, thank you, Mom, and a figure that I've never really had to stress about. I've always had a fast metabolism, so every bite of food goes straight into energy. My hair's about shoulder length, fire engine red and my eyes sparkle like emeralds when the sun hits them just right. 

Jack was early and I stumbled through the house, spritzing myself, one last time, with perfume and giving my dress one last look. I shrugged my shoulders and decided this was as good as it was gonna get.

"I'm coming!" I shouted, sliding on my left stilletto heel.

I opened the front door to find Jack looking amazing. He chose a navy blue tuxedo, what a coincidence. After our obligatory hello's and how are you's, we were on our way. He drove a brand new SUV, tricked out, top to bottom. As we drove, Jack told me about his late wife, Charlene, and his son, Drake. 

Drake was fresh out of college and never hesitated to let Jack know when he needed money. I sort of giggled, not wanting to pass judgement on someone I didn't even know. 

Once inside the restaurant, Jack was a perfect gentleman. He pulled out my chair, ordered for me and even admitted, that he too, was very nervous about tonight. He told me he'd never done nothing that bold before, but there was something about me that caught his attention and he just went for it. 

I thought his honesty was refreshing. So many men try to lay their bullshit lines on you, but not Jack, he was honest to a fault, and I liked him right away. 

The two hours we spent at dinner was spent elaborating on our family's history, past loves, education, dreams and goals, that sort of thing. 

As we got up to leave, Jack's cell phone rang, it was Drake. He was back at Jack's house and couldn't get his key to work. So, we got in the truck and made our way back to Jack's house and, sure enough, there was Drake, sitting on the third step of the entrance.

"It's about time, Dad," said Jake, "I've been waiting out here for almost 45 minutes. And who is this?"

"Drake, mind your manners," said Jack.

"My name's Carly, it's nice to meet you, Drake," I said, extending my hand and giving my sweetest smile. 

I noticed right away that Drake looked exactly like his father. They both had the 100 watt smile and warm hand shake.

Once inside Jack's house, I couldn't believe how neat and tidy it was, nothing out of place and it smelled of fresh cinnamon. Nothing like you'd expect a bachelor's house to look or smell like. 

Jack and Drake excused themselves into the kitchen, and I took a seat on the enormous, black leather wrap around sofa, feeling somewhat out of place.

A few minutes later, Drake emerged from the darkness and grabbed his jacket and promptly left, no goodbye or anything, just left.

"I'm terribly sorry about that," said Jack, obviously flustered, "That boy never has learned responsibility. He's 23 years old and still thinks of me as his own personal bank account."

"No reason to apologize, Jack," I said, standing up and walking towards him.

"If I haven't told you already, Carly, you look simply amazing tonight," he whispered, sliding his large hands around my waist.

And, before I could say thank you, his lips were pressed to mine. His cologne filled my nostrils and my legs almost collapsed under me. He was so strong and powerful and his lips were so soft and warm. 

I slid his tuxedo jacket off and tossed it to the couch. His fingers gently slid my zipper down, releasing my dress from my body, down to my six inch stilletto'd feet. I could feel his hardened cock pressing against me. We kissed harder and I slid my fingers behind the waistband of his dress pants, gently undoing the button and releasing his zipper. 

Jack wasted no time walking me backwards, towards the large couch. He fell on top of me and we kissed passionately. I had never wanted another man so much in my entire life. I had fantasized about my step dad, many times while growing up, but never had the nerve to approach him. He was much older then I was, already 47 when he and my mother married. They moved to Colorado, the year I graduated from high school, so that was the end of that. 

Was Jack my second chance? I viewed it as such and was not about to let another opportunity slip through my fingers. 

My fingers slid Jack's pants down, just below his ass as his hands pulled my dress the rest of the way off. 

"Keep the heels on," he whispered, undoing his tie and almost ripping his dress shirt off, flinging both onto the floor. 

As I laid there, completely naked, except for my six inch heels, I had never felt so slutty in my entire life. My pussy instantly began drooling and my heavy size D tits were aching to be sucked. And, as if he read my mind, Jack lowered his mouth to my tan nipples, immediately latching his mouth onto my left one, sucking and tugging like a plunger. I groaned like a slut in heat, reaching down and cupping his head, urging his mouth further onto my tit. It had been so long since I had had my tits sucked, I almost came right there.

He jammed two fingers deep into my sloppy wet pussy as his mouth moved to my right nipple, giving it equal attention as my left. His breaths were already heavy and he was making low, throaty growl sounds as his mouth raped my nipples.

My pussy almost ate his fingers, sucking them into me, knuckle deep and clenching around them like a sadistic vice. 

"I gotta fuck you, Carly, it's been so long since I've had sex," he whispered, yanking his fingers from my twat and lifting his body up.

Within seconds, his cock was jammed inside my cunt. He was so thick and warm and amazingly built for a man his age. 

"God, your twat feels good. Let me call you slut while I fuck you," he groaned, gently pushing his cock further inside me. 

"I'll be your slut, Jack," I whispered, reaching down and cupping my large tits, squeezing them together, creating the best cleavage shot I bet anyone had ever seen.

"I wanna fuck you whenever I want, slut," he growled, now thrusting his amazing dick in and out of me, "Even in my shop, I wanna bend you over in the backroom."

I was speechless, momentarily. No one had ever said such things to me. All my past lovers had been the silent types, aside from the obligatory groan when they came. 

Jack slid his hands under my ass and lifted me off the couch. He pulled me on top of him, as he sat down, making me straddle his dick. 

"I wanna look directly into your eyes while my dick's fucking you, slut," he whispered, placing his strong hands on my small hips. 

"Call me Daddy, do it, slut," he demanded, "Always call me Daddy when I'm inside you."

Something about that almost made me cum. My mind drifted back in time to those nights that I fingered myself, thinking of my step dad. 

"I'll call you Daddy," I moaned, "I love how you fuck me, Daddy. Your cock feels so fucking good buried in my twat."

"Oh, God, yes," he groaned, pushing my shoulders down with his hands, forcing his cock even further. 

I could feel my cunt opening further then it had ever been. I felt the veins in his cock massaging my pussy walls each time I rose up to his cock tip and slithered my twat back down the full eight inches. My cunt juices were already dripping out, coating his balls and a loud sloshing sound was heard each time I slammed his dick up in me. 

"Mmmm, that's it, slut, make them big tits bounce," he groaned, pushing harder on my shoulders, "Daddy loves fucking the shit out of you."

I leaned back and arched my back, making him watch his dick piston in and out of me. I placed my palms on his knees and raised my ass up, sliding my cunt up to his cock tip, gently circling my hips, teasing his engorged cock head, then quickly slammed my pussy down the length of his shaft, bottoming him out inside me. 

The room was thick with his cologne and our sex, both mixing together to create an intoxicating aroma. 

"I knew you were a slut, I could tell by looking at you," he groaned, sliding his large hands to my tits, mauling them and pinching my nipples. 

I groaned and nodded my head yes. I guess I really was a slut. Something about that turned me on even more, plus the fact that Jack was so much older then me, just drove the point home about him being "Daddy."

"Get on the floor, on your hands and knees, slut," he demanded, helping me off his cock.

I leaned forward and kissed him before dismounting and climbing to the floor. As I sat there, my knees burrowing into the plush carpeting and my large, heavy tits sagging down, I had never been in such an erotic moment in my entire life. 

Jack joined me on the floor, giving my ass a light smack, which sent tingles throughout my entire body. He too, got on his knees, and placed his hands back on my hips. He wasted no time shoving his dick back into me. My pussy felt so warm and wet and full, I had never felt anything like this before. 

"Your ass is so goddamn sexy, slut," he growled, shoving his dick in and out of me.

"Take it, Daddy," I whispered, in between heavy panting.

"Mmmm, you ARE a good slut," he hissed, gently pulling his wet dick from me and pushing the tip to my asshole rim, "You want it slow?"

I shook my head no, I just wanted his dick in me. He responded with jamming his dick into my very dry, very tight ass. My mouth fell open and my eyes widened. It had been so long since I had had a dick in my asshole, but I never wanted this to stop. I was completely enjoying the slutty feeling that was ravaging my body. And I was totally getting off on the fact that Jack was so much older then I. 

"Oh, God, Daddy!!!" I groaned, pushing my ass backwards, completely engulfing his dick. 

He gently smacked my ass again, then spread my cheeks wide open, giving himself a better view of his dick plunging in and out. I reached beneath me and pushed two fingertips against my engorged clit, rubbing it in tight circles. My hips rocked and my mouth was dry from being open so long. My throat was getting sore and my eyes had begun to tear, but I had never felt nothing that felt so good. 

I swallowed hard and managed to groan, even though I was totally wrapped up in him fucking me. 

"You want Daddy to cum in this sexy asshole, slut?" he asked, popping my cheeks again.

"Yes!! Yes!! Please, Daddy, please!!!" I begged, feeling my orgasm coming closer and closer. 

Jack plunged his cock in and out faster, jamming his shaft into my asshole, balls deep. His groans were coming one after another and I felt his sweat raining down on my bare back and ass. My body was tingling and my stomach had curled up into a ball. 

"Oh!!! Oh!!!! OHHHHHHHHH, GOD, DADDYYYYYYYY!!!!!" I screamed, and seconds later, my cunt poured juices from me, onto my fingers, like a raging river. 

Jack soon followed suit. His thrusts had become stronger and deeper, then stopped all together. Why? He was jamming his dick into my asshole, unloading his thick, creamy load into every crevice it could find. 

"Oh, fuck!!!! Mmmmm, goddamn, slut!!!!!" he screamed, flooding my asshole so full it dripped onto the back of my legs, instantly making my flesh sticky and wet.

We sat there, for just a moment, both trying to catch our breath and enjoy the feeling of our mutual satisfaction. 

"Oh, God, I needed that, Carly," he spoke, breaking our intimate silence. 

I couldn't find any words, at that moment, all I could do was moan when he slowly slid his spent cock from the grip of my sloppy wet asshole. 

We spent the rest of the night, laying on the couch, kissing and talking, eventually making plans to meet, at his shop, two days from then. He took me home and I spent the early morning hours, replaying our heated "first date" over and over in my mind.

Two days later, as promised, I arrived at Jack's shop, but the only one there to greet me was Drake. 

"Dad said to tell you he's running late," he said, locking the door behind me, "He shouldn't be too long, though."

"Why are you locking the door?" I asked.

"It's 5 o'clock, closing time, don't you own a watch?" he said, grinning and flipping over the "We're Closed" sign.

"Damn, so it is," I said, looking at my watch, "Sorry, I'm a bit slow today."

"No problem, if you want, you can come into the back room with me while I do inventory, but you're welcome to wait out here," said Drake, grabbing a clipboard and heading down a long hallway.

Well, I surely wasn't gonna sit in that dark store with my thumb up my ass, so, I slowly followed Drake.

"So, how long do you think your dad will be?" I asked, taking a seat on a ripped, black leather office chair.

"Well, let's see," said Drake, looking at his watch, "He called about 20 minutes ago and he was stuck in traffic, about an hour away, so about 45 minutes.

I gave a heavy sigh and settled down into the chair, settled to the fact that I would have to be happy watching Drake count paper products.

I was a little embarrassed, I had worn an outfit for Jack, never expecting to see Drake instead. The outfit of choice was a short, tennis skirt and an almost see through white top, which by now, was showing off my perky nipples due to the fact that I was seated right below the central air vent for the entire store.

"Mind if I ask you a personal question?" said Drake, turning around and hopping down off of a large ladder.

"Not at all, Drake, go ahead," I said, sitting up in the chair and crossing my legs.

"What on Earth do you and a man of my father's age have in common?" he asked, taking a seat on the first rung of the ladder.

"Honestly? I'm very attracted to him," I answered.

"Aren't you interested in men your own age, though?" he asked.

"Of course, but there's something about your father," I said.

"I bet I could change your mind," he said, giving me a wink.

"Doubtful," I shot back, giving him a "fuck you" look.

"Nothing's impossible, Carly," he said, standing up and walking towards me. 

"What are you doing?" I asked, nervously.

"Don't play stupid, there's a reason you stayed here, Carly. You could have just left and come back," he said, unbuttoning his jeans.

"Stop it, Drake," I said, standing up and heading for the backroom door.

Just then, he grabbed my arm and spun me around, pinning me to the door, his eyes locked on mine. 

"Come on, Carly, don't knock it till you've tried it," he whispered, sliding his hands up to my hips, bunching my skirt up.

"I can't do this to your father," I whispered back, trying to push him away. 

He kissed me hard, pushing the back of my head to the hard, cold door.

My body was tingling and my nipples were so hard, they ached. My mind went blank and before I knew it, Drake's jeans were down around his ankles and my skirt was pushed up to my hips. He picked me up, pinning me completely to the door and slid my panties to one side, instantly cramming his thick cock deep into my already wet cunt.

"I knew you wanted it, Carly," he groaned, nibbling on my neck, "Your pussy's telling on you."

"I hate you, Drake," I moaned, reaching up and pulling his hair and his mouth off my neck.

"You're lying," he said, thrusting his cock further inside me, "Whores like you never can say no."

I yanked his hair tighter, and dug my long nails into his scalp, which only seemed to spur him on further. He cupped my ass and started fucking me harder, banging my back into the steel door. Instinct kicked in and I wrapped my long legs around him, trapping his dick in me. He looked into my eyes and mouthed the words, "You're a whore."

My cunt went into overdrive and I began groaning, begging him to fuck me harder. He pulled me from the wall and laid me down, on my back, on his father's desk, right on top of the many papers and invoices. I spread my legs wide and raised my top, letting my heavy size D's bounce free. 

"Oh, fuck, your tits are hot, baby," he whispered, leaning in and taking one into his mouth, thrusting deeper and causing the desk to make a loud squeaking noise.

"Fuck me, Drake!!!" I screamed, arching my back and grabbing his head, shoving his mouth to my nipple.

For what seemed to be forever, Drake punished my pussy with his massive dick, plunging in and out, sending the desk inches away from its original starting point.

He leaned back up and kissed me hard, grunting and moaning into my mouth. He placed his hands on either side of my hand, on the desk and fucked into me harder then I'd ever felt in my life. He hovered over me, calling me a slut and a whore, telling me he'd own me before it was all said and done, even joking that this wasn't the first pussy he'd stolen from dear old dad. 

Thrust after powerful thrust, Drake completely dominated my cunt, even Jack hadn't made me feel this way. I was numb with lust and my mind was drifting in a million different directions. I felt my orgasm creeping up on me and Drake felt it, as well. 

"Mmmm, that's it, baby, grip that cunt around my dick," he growled, fucking me like the whore I had become. 

I arched my back and screamed Drake's name, panting like a wild animal as my cunt released its stream of thick, creamy sweet cum, coating Drake's cock like a fresh coat of paint. 

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, FUCK!!!!" he screamed, punching my cunt with his sticky wet dick, "Tell me to fucking cum, Carly. SAY IT"

"Oh, God, Drake, CUMMMM, OH, FUCK, PLEASE CUM!!!" I begged, locking my eyes on his and clenching my cunt walls tightly around his shaft. 

"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!" he screamed, slamming his dick into me, holding it there tightly and flooding my slutty cunt with his thick seed. 

We kissed wildly, as he gently pumped his dick in and out, unloading the last of his cum into me. I couldn't even think, my mind was spinning and my cunt was buzzing with lust, taking in the feeling of another man's seed into it.

Just then, the bell on the front door rang, it was Jack.

We quickly got up and fixed our clothes, trying not to look suspicious.

As I stood up, I felt Drake's cum leaking into my panties, making them wet and sticky. My nipples were still rock hard and my breaths were still ragged. Drake, on the other hand, recovered quite quickly, looking almost the same as he had before we fucked. 

He shoved the desk back to its original spot and climbed back up on the ladder, complete with his clipboard in hand. 
