 This is something that just happened today. I've been feeling a bit adventurous lately, in a sexual sense, and my girlfriend has been pretty accepting and open, not to mention turned on by a majority of the things I've suggested. This is one of the kinkier things we've done. Two years ago, when we first met, I would have never been comfortable with this, but now I trust her enough to do some roleplay.

Once every couple months, we have a semi-regular discussion that usually involves us prodding each other for any kinks that we might like to try. Usually it's pretty tame, and more like a check-up. We bring up things we were into before and like to start up again, but occasionally we introduce something completely new, and almost always, it turns out to be incredible. This is how she got me into trying pegging, and also how I got her into doing dominatrix stuff.

In the most recent of these conversations that we've had, I brought up the idea of her describing going down on/fucking a stranger, and describing it to me as we had some fun of our own. She seemed accepting to the idea, but wasn't really into it, which I was perfectly fine with. I had a hard time elaborating on what exactly I meant, so I just kind of left it alone.

About a week or so after this conversation, I suddenly had an idea to talk dirty to her online. I wanted to instruct her on what I wanted her to do with herself, and she seemed willing to try it out and see what happened. As I instructed her what to do, I decided to test the waters on my suggestion from a few days ago by incorporating phrases like "you like getting fucked by that cock?" and "I'll let you use that thick pink cock". This wasn't my original intention, but it was fun to try.

It turned out to be incredibly erotic. She enjoyed it a lot, and it was even better when I went in the bedroom to finish off the job, continuing to instruct her on how to please me.

Fast forward to two days ago. She came up with her own suggestion to have me watch her use the thick pink vibrator on herself while I watch. She can tell I was really enjoying the view, and when she sees how thick and hard my cock gets as I began stroking, she knew she was turning me on. Then she catches me by surprise.

"You like watching me get fucked by another cock, don't you?"

I was startled, and if possible, even harder than I was seconds before. I didn't even know how to respond, so I pushed out a dumbfounded smile and say "It's...kind of turning me on." In reality, what she said was incredibly hot.

Neither of us lasted long after that. This was just as new to her as it was to me. I ended up jerking off onto her clit, and she thoroughly enjoyed me licking her cum-covered pussy with my tongue. Oh, did I mention that was another thing she brought up from one of the conversations I mentioned before?

The rest of the day, I kept thinking about how hot it was to hear her talk like that. If I had ever found out about her cheating, I'd be out the door in a second, but I completely love that I trust her enough to know she would never actually partake in our sexy roleplay scenario in person. The more I thought about it, the more it kept building up. Throughout the remainder of the night, yesterday, and up until the afternoon of today, I kept building up a sexual appetite to go a bit further and experiment.

As we were going about our normal business today, I casually strike up a conversation.

"So. How about I go down on you?" She isn't startled by this at all. I often ask this, as eating her out is one of my favorite things, and I suggest it nearly every day. I, however, was surprised at how casual she was in return.

"Why don't we go to the bedroom?"

The way she put it, without any questioning, made me know that she was just waiting for it to happen. She's known I've been horny and waiting to fool around since two days ago. Soon enough, we're in our bed, naked, and making out.

I grab one side of her neck and lightly grasp it, expressing how frustrated I've been, having to wait two days to finally get to fuck her. Not being too rough, though, I place my mouth on the other side of her neck and begin to suck and bite, one of her biggest turn-ons. She's writhing as I'm passionately kissing her shoulders, and I can tell she'll be nice and wet before I even touch her cunt with my tongue.

I let my free hand wander, exploring her skin, until it finally rests on her big, gorgeous breast. She has incredible breasts and, aside from me sucking on her neck, nothing gets her hotter than me showing my appreciation of them. I lightly run my thumb over her already-hard nipple, and she squirms.

God, that's fucking hot.

"Ooo...somebody liked that," I say.

She's watching me as I stare at her tits while I play with them. I smile, very coy. She loves this. Seeing me smirk, she closes her eyes and moans as her body shivers. I reach my head tongue and place it on her tit, licking all around her areola, forcing a gasp from her mouth. Hearing her gasp is one of my favorite turn-ons, as it usually means I've either done something to make her wet, or completely filled her pussy with my cock. As I continue to lick her breast, I run my fingers down her leg.

I can tell she wants my tongue on her clit, as by the time my hand reaches her pussy, her legs are wide open and she's already soaked.

I decide I've teased her enough.

I proceed downward, and take a couple last licks around her pussy before I finally slide my tongue across the slit. She gasps again.

"Ohhhh...." she forces out, half chuckling. This wasn't a moan. This wasn't a surprised squeal. She was mouthing how incredible it felt to finally get her pussy licked. She deserved the tease, making me wait that long. I give a few powerful licks and I feel her start to squirm already. Luckily, I know just how to make her cum from oral.

She starts thrusting upward slowly as I proceed to eat her out, pushing her slick puss harder onto my tongue. "Mmmmm..." she groans, starting to become vocal. "Oh, fuck..."

"How's my pussy taste?" She asks.

"You taste so fucking amazing," I reply. She really does.

I start getting more assertive with my tongue. I'm licking hard, now, progressively making her squirm more and more. She starts moaning louder, assuring me that I'm doing an exceptional job, licking her wet cunt.

"Mmm...you're pussy is getting swollen," I tell her. She loves it when I talk dirty, and she surprises me with an unconventional reward. Usually she'll moan, or coo, but no, she grabs my incredibly hard cock, which has been standing up right in front of her for the past 5 minutes as I eat her out. This catches me off guard, and I momentarily stop licking her to groan at the suddenly amazing feel. She wasn't even stroking, but my cock was so thick and throbbing so much, that just the slightest touch of her hand made me squirm.

I immediately go back to hungrily licking her pussy. Several powerful licks to her clit, barely touching her pussy, and I can feel her tense up. She'll be coming in my mouth any second now.

I look up and see she's got her legs straight out, her knees locked. She's dying to come to, I can tell. I smile and point out how sexy it is to see her almost reach orgasm, and give her clit several more powerful licks before I begin to suck on it and flick it with my tongue.

This sends her over the edge, and I begin to moan as she violently writhes with my mouth on her clit. She's coming on my tongue and starts stroking my cock hard as she finally releases into my mouth. She tastes incredible. She doesn't come much, but this isn't even the main course.

When she finally settles down after a strong orgasm, I'm still ready to make her moan and come again. I grab the blue butterfly vibrator.

She already knows what's going to happen, I can tell. She could tell how turned on I was from the previous sex session, and she knows that I want to talk dirty to her while this vibrator is inside her. If I had to guess, I'd bet that she was waiting for this the entire time. She can be a really dirty slut when she wants to be.

Seeing as how she just got off, I think it'd be a great time to tease her some more. Her pussy is already drenched from my tongue and her orgasm, so gentle rubbing won't cut it. It's a small vibrator, so when I started slowly pumping it in and out of her puss, I knew she wouldn't feel much more than a slight tingle. The real purpose of the toy is the butterfly at the top.

I move up so my cock is in front of her face, but I don't tell her to suck. Not yet, anyway. I lean in and start talking to her as I very slowly increase the rate of sliding that cock in her soaked pussy. 

"Mmm..." I start. She's already smiling as she moans. She knows what I'm going to say soon, she's just waiting for it. "I bet that feels good..."

"So...fucking good..." she says.

"Heh. You want me to turn it on?" I ask innocently.

"Ohh...yes...mmmmm....." she replies, her breathing becoming more rapid.

I push the button on the end of the vibrator, and her face lights up. She lifts her chin and her mouth is opened, causing one of the sexiest pleasured looks I've ever seen.

"I bet you like getting fucked by another cock, don't you." 

It wasn't a question. I knew her answer. I was telling her she liked getting fucked by another cock. It set her off, and she was now fully immersed in this sexy new roleplay we were doing. It's like a burden lifted, and she could finally admit that she was enjoying this unfamiliar cock. Despite the convicting tone, she still doesn't hesitate to express verbally just how enthused she is.

"Oh...fuck yes..."

That's all it took for me. I now knew I could keep going with this, and she'll continue to take part. Our first actual roleplay, and it's so taboo. Hearing her say it is what turned me on the most, not actually thinking about it. Knowing she was so turned on by me telling her how good she felt with a different dick inside her. I reward her enthusiasm by turning the vibrator up to the second setting.

Her face brightens even more than before. My cock has been rock fucking hard for at least 20 minutes, and I guarantee it wasn't going to go down anytime soon. I scoot closer to her face.

"Put your mouth on my cock," I instruct. She doesn't hesitate, and I immediately start to moan as her warm mouth covers my dick, her tongue barely able to swirl around it because of how wide she needs to open up.

I look back down at her pussy, and decide for her that it needs more attention. I guide the butterfly onto her clit and she instinctively starts to squirm again.

"Ohhh...fuck...Oh my god..." I groan, breathless. I can't believe how hard my cock is. I can't even believe how well she's taking it. "That feels good, doesn't it? You like sucking on my cock while you get fucked nice and hard, don't you?"

She pops my cock out of her mouth and announces loudly "Oh, FUCK yes, oh my GOD," and impatiently shoves my cock back inside. 

"Mmm...it's so fucking sexy seeing you work two cocks at once. You love being a little cock-whore."

Not wanting any less of my cock, she moans a pathetic "mmm-hmmph" as she nods, then continues to stroke my cock with her tongue.

I myself am enjoying this just as much as she is, if not more. This is so new, so fascinating. I love seeing her writhe in pleasure and squirm against another cock while her lips are wrapped around my own.

I click the button on the vibrator one last time, setting it to the highest setting. She can't even contain herself. She takes her mouth off my cock and moans loud from the vibrations of this other stud's cock. I pushed the butterfly hard up against her clit and firmly held it in place.

She came. Hard.

"Ohhhhmmmyyfuuucking GOOOD...OHHHH, FUCK" she screamed. "Ohhhmy gooood ohhmy gooooood...AHHHH..."

She didn't need to get her point across any clearer than that. Her moans confirmed her immensely powerful, full-body orgasm. Her pussy began to throb as she continued to come...

"Ohhhhmy gooood...ohh fuck..." she began saying breathlessly, as her orgasm unfortunately begins to cull.

I don't think I need to mention how insanely hard I was at this point. Talking dirty usually gets me hard enough to almost hurt her when I slide inside, but even she could tell that there were a very few amount of times in which I was harder than this.

When her orgasm came to a complete stop, I made sure she knew that I wasn't finished with her yet.

"I think it's about time I fucked you," I announced, "and I think I'll be sliding inside you while the vibrator is still inside."

This worried her a bit. She knew from my cock size alone that it might be a rough fuck, but including the vibrator? She was going to have her pussy stretched more than she was used to. Too bad for her, this wasn't a request.

I put the vibrator inside her. Despite the tight fit from the second cock, her pussy was so soaked that my cock slid in with ease. I told her she may hold it so I can focus better on thrusting my cock inside her. She agreed, and before long, I was being rough with her cunt. It didn't take long at all for me to start talking dirty to her again.

"How's that feel? Two cocks inside you at the same time...filling up your pussy..."

"Oh my god it feels so good...ohhh...fuck me..." I pick up the pace, pounding my thick rod inside her.

"You love being my little cock slut."

"Fuck yes, I'm your cock slut, baby...ohhhhh...fuck meee..." I excitedly comply, of course.

"Mmm...I bet you want your pussy filled with the cum from two cocks..."

She's back into writhing. She can barely contain herself, and I know that more talk like this is going to make her squirt all over my dick. I pull out the vibrator, and order her over the bed. She jumps up immediately, and positions herself to get railed hard. I don't hesitate to give her want she needs.

I slam into her pussy without teasing her, for once. I'm taking her, she's mine. Her pussy is mine. Her body is mine. I let her enjoy that other cock for a bit, but I'm sure to make her know which who's fuck she loves the most. Mine. I fuck her hard, not letting up except for a few times when I feel my orgasm building. I'm not going to let myself come yet, not until I see her squirm one more time from the thought of having more than one dick at the same time.

"Mmm...think about it...having your puss completely filled by two massive cocks. You like that, don't you slut?"

And instantly, she comes again. She matches every thrust by backing her hot pussy against my pelvis, my cock disappearing inside her. And she comes. "Ohhhhh fuuuuuuuuck fuck fuck OHHHHHHHHHH" she moans loud again as her pussy twinges and throbs around my cock. It's completely soaked now as she squirts all over me and the imaginary second dick. "BAAAAABBYYY OHHH."

"You want the cum from two cocks, DON'T YOU?"

"Fuck! YESSS"

That was all I needed. I start ramming my cock inside her as hard as I can as I unleash two days worth of cum into her pussy. "Fuck....Fuck!...OH FUCK!" I groan loudly as I feel each rope of cum squirt inside her. Six...Seven...Eight times I feel my cock twitch and more cum squirts into her tight snatch, leaking out before I'm even done coming to.

I turn her around. She lays back on the bed, knowing that I still have more to do. I immediately bury my face into her pussy and lick every last thick, white drop of cum. She tastes amazing. Her pussy tastes amazing, and licking the cum from both my cock and the other's tastes amazing. Thinking about her pussy being used by two cocks at once and getting to clean up afterward makes my cock twitch again.