 Nigel stood in front of the large plate glass window, looking to the southwest. He always did like watching thunder storms move in. There was just something about them that invigorated him. He always liked the way the wind picked up as if to sweep all the loose debris ahead of the storm. It seemed to him to help cleanse his soul the same way the winds were cleansing the land. The approaching storm made him feel so alive and renewed.

Allison stood peering out her front door, eyeing the same dark line of approaching clouds. Allison had never liked storms. The lightening in all it's power and terror and the thunder that assaulted her ears only made her jump in fright. Ever since she was a little girl and the powerful storm came through blowing over the large Live oak tree she had her tree house in she has never liked the wind.

Allison glanced over at her computer trying to decide wether to turn it off or not.

"I really should turn it off in case lightening should decide it wants to eat it, but Nigel is supposed to meet me online here in a few minutes. I do wished he would hurry up."

Allison moved over to the computer and was about to switch it off when she noticed Nigel's nick name appear on her screen. Jumping to the keyboard quickly, she begins to type in a message for Nigel.

"Hey I am so glad to see you. This storm has me really scared."

"Why should you be scared?"

"Because I don't like storms."

"I love them."

"Well I wished I weren't alone right now. I am shaking like a leaf."

"Want me to come hold your hand?", Nigel typed in jokingly.

"YES I DO!", came Allison's reply.

"You are serious aren't you?"

"Dead serious. How long would it take you to get over here?"

"Well if I left right now it would only be a few minutes."

"Well get your butt over here, I really need some company."

"OK I am on my way then."

"Well step on it."

With that her handle disappeared off of Nigel's computer screen. Nigel turned off his machine and rushed to his car. The rain was beginning to sprinkle lightly on his wind shield. Still he made good time though and soon pulled up in Allison's drive.

Seeing Nigel's car as it pulled in, Allison rushed out of the door. When she got to him she quickly flung her arms around him.

"Hold me, please."

Nigel could feel her trembling in his arms. 

"She really is afraid of this storm.", he thought to himself.

Allison's trembling died down slightly and she looked into his eyes.

"I really do appreciate you coming over here.", she punctuated her statement with a kiss, as the rain picked up in intensity.

Nigel was enjoying this reward when Allison shivered violently again. He suddenly realized they were standing in a driving rain.

"As much as I am enjoying this, we had better move inside before the real rain gets here."

"Yes we should. I am beginning to shiver from the cold rain."

So they quickly moved into the house. 

"Look at you.", Allison commented , "You are soaked and don't have any dry clothes."

"Oh I will be alright, but if you need to change then please do so."

"I think I will at least get out of these wet clothes."

With that she disappeared into her bed room. Nigel turned to watch the mounting storm outside the window. Lightening was beginning to rumble in the distance.

"Good," he thought, "Might get to see a show from this storm yet."

Allison appeared back in the room wearing a Terri cloth bath robe and holding another.

"Why don't you change out of those wet things and put this on. I will make us something to drink. Then I will pop your clothes into the dryer for you."

"OK that sounds like a good idea to me."

Allison pitched him the bathrobe and motioned into her bedroom.

"You can change in there if you want. Just bring me your wet things when you come out."

"Thanks Allison." Nigel said as he moved towards her opened door.

"Oh and while you are at it will you bring my wet clothes as well I will dry all of them at the same time. I don't want them to sour."

"No problem.", Nigel said with a smile.

Nigel went on into the bedroom while Allison moved to the kitchen. He could hear her in the kitchen opening up cabinets and rattling dishes as she set about to make the coffee.

Quickly stripping off his wet clothing, Nigel slipped on the robe and stooped to pick up all of the wet ones that were laying in a pile on the floor.

"Where do you want these?", he said, as he entered the kitchen.

"Oh just pile them in front of the dryer and I will stick them in here in a sec."

Nigel walks out to the washroom and piles the wet soggy clothes in front of what he thought was the dryer. When he walked back into the kitchen the smell of brewing coffee came to his nose.

Turning as he entered, Allison spoke up, "Cream and Sugar?"

"Just Sugar, please. I like my coffee like I like my women."

"What Black?", she chided with an ear splitting grin.

"No I was thinking sweet and hot."

"Oh I can be sweet and hot, but I don't think I can manage to change colors."

"Oh I don't know we might can turn you black with some dye or something."

"I don't think so. That type of coloring doesn't work or usually come off."

"Oh well color doesn't make the woman."

Allison poured two cups of coffee when it had finished brewing and handed one to Nigel.

Nigel took the offered cup from Allison and placed the warm cup against his lips.

Sipping it gingerly he tasted the sweet pungent drink that seemed to warm him as it slipped down his throat.

"Mmmm that hits the spot. Just what the doctor ordered."

"Lets go into the living room and sit on the couch."

"Sure I will be here for a little while I suppose."

They walked into the living room and Allison motioned for him to sit in large soft sofa. As Nigel sank into the couch he felt very well at ease. It was a most comfortable seat.

"I want to thank you for coming over. I don't know how I would have faired this storm without you here."

"It is nothing I enjoy your company and I would jump at any chance to be your champion Savior"

"Yes but still I feel that I am putting you out."

"You are not causing me any trouble."

Another loud crash of thunder sounded sending Allison into a screaming fit. Nigel tried his best to pacify her and eventually managed to calm her a little, but she still shook violently beside him on the couch. 

"Do you have anything stronger than coffee?", He asked getting an idea to calm her with the aide of alcohol.

"Yes I have some brandy in the wet bar over there."

"Good I think you could use a drink to calm your nerves a bit."

"I think you may be right about that."

"Do you usually drink it straight or what?"

"I usually have a little in my coffee from time to time."

Nigel went over to the bar and after rummaging around a bit found a nearly full bottle of brandy. He brought the bottle back to the couch and proceeded to pour a small bitin her cup. A couple of coffees and Allison began to calm a bit. Another clap of thunder exploded outside causing her to leap into Nigel's arms.

"Damned and I almost had you calmed completely down."

"I am sorry. I thought I was doing so well."

Nigel noted a slight slur in her speech and she didn't seem so quick to pull away from him.

"Are you comfy?"

"Yes very." Allison said dreamily.

Suddenly she pulled away from him, " I am so sorry I didn't mean to stay there."

"Actually I was liking it a lot."

"You mean you don't mind?"

"Not at all. Why should I mind having such a lovely woman as yourself resting on my shoulder."

"You don't think me promiscuous do you?"

"No. Why should I think that. Maybe and that is a big maybe if we were total strangers. But we are hardly strangers I have known you for several years now.

"Yes you have."

"And if it makes you feel better then by all means place your head on my shoulder

I kind of like the feeling."

"Me too." With that Allison laid her head against Nigel's shoulder once more.

Nigel laid his arm around her shoulders and absent mindedly started to softly stroke her

shoulder.

Allison loved the feel of his touch on her shoulder and it calmed her with a little

help from her brandy enhanced coffee. Just as she was really relaxing a clap of thunder shattered the silence causing Allison to jump slightly. 

Nigel felt her jump then placed his hand on her head to gently hug her and then he began to stroke her hair softly. Allison also loved to have her hair stroked it reminded her of when she a little girl and her father used to come to her and sooth her from a nightmare by stroking her hair just like that. This caused her breathing to slow as she relaxed. Then she realized it wasn't her father but Nigel whom she had admired from afar for as long as she has known him. With this

realization her breathing increased in speed.

Nigel sensed her breathing and misinterpreted it as fear. So he stopped stroking her hair and let his hand fall across her shoulder. This caused his hand to lightly brush across her breast. This touch sent a shot of electricity bolting through her already hardening nipple. Craving more contact Allison suddenly got an idea. 

Quickly she drained the remaining coffee in her cup and then leaned forward to place the cup on the coffee table. This forced Nigel's hand firmly on her breast. 

The pressure and weight of Allison's breast pressing against his hand made him aware of his hand's position. This realization caused Nigel to jerk his hand back and stammer," I am so sorry Allison I didn't mean to . . ."

"Please don't apologize for something I was enjoying so much."

"Really?"

"Really," Allison suddenly had a plan to get his hand back where she so desperately wanted it. Her heightened sense of Nigel coupled with the brandy in her coffee and not being used to drinking had Allison doing and thinking things she wouldn't normally say or do. 

Reaching out she grabbed his hand and brought it to her breast and pressed it firmly on her breast. "What do you think?"

"I would never had thought it."

"Why not? I have wanted you to touch me like this for a long time now."

"Why me though?"

"Why not, Nigel you are a very kind and good looking man."

"No I am not."

"You have always been there for me, when I needed you."

"Any excuse to be in your company was all."

"I have lain awake many nights dreaming of what it would be like to have you hold me close and touch me the way you just were and more."

"Well then lets make your dream come true."

With that he encircled her in his arms and pulled her close. Lowering his head he searched wantonly for her soft sweet lips. As he touched them with his it seemed that all the lightening in the storm had been bottled up in that kiss. This gave him and instant erection the likes he had never had before. Allison hadn't released his hand from her breast so he started to lovingly stroke her breast and hardened nipple. 

Craving a more direct contact, Allison moved Nigel's hand inside her robe. "No offense but while what your are doing feels nice I need to feel you against my skin with out any hindrance." 

"I too want more contact with you."

"Let's move to my bed room then."

With that she stood and pulled him up after her. Holding tightly to both his hands she lead him to her bedroom. All the time looking at him wantonly. The adoration and love that showed in her eyes caused Nigel's heart to leap and a similar expression to appear on his face. Once in her room, standing by the bed she reached for the sash that held his robe closed and gently pulled the bow out. Once that was out she then moved her

head down to check out the present she just unwrapped. 

Nigel also untied her sash bow

and then reached up to slowly push her robe off her shoulders. Not a skinny woman she

had all the right amount of padding in all places. Her round face was simply lovely to his

eyes. Framed perfectly by her dishwater blonde locks. The look in her bluish grey eyes could melt the largest iceberg in the ocean immediately. So much passion and love were

reflected there. Nigel just had to feel her body as she pressed against him. He needed to

feel her soft breast against his hairy chest. He wanted to feel the contrast of her stiff

nipples as well. He pulled her to him tightly and began to kiss her his tongue seeking out

hers. 

Allison loved the feel of Nigel's hairy chest as she brushed against him. She could

also feel his erection as it pressed against her stomach. This fueled a hunger in her to feel

him touch her completely and fell to feel him inside her. 

Stepping back towards her bed she pulls him after her as she falls back.

Nigel flops down on top of Allison as she pulls him after her. Still locked in an embrace and a kiss he did his best to keep from falling on her with all his weight. Once laying on the bed he breaks their kiss and then lowers his head to her soft waiting breast.

As he takes her nipple into his mouth Allison reaches up to run her hands through his hair

almost as to ensure that he does not back away from her breast. Alison could feel his hardened member as it pressed into her leg. Knowing she is the one responsible for this adds to her excitement.

"Oh God Nigel, you don't know how long I have wanted this moment to happen." 

"Me too Allison, me too."

"Why then didn't you do something sooner?"

"Well you never really sent me any clear definite signal and I was always afraid that if I did try something that it would push you away and you would never want to see me again. I couldn't take that risk."

"Well I never tried anything because I didn't want you think me pushy or worse trashy."

"I could never think that, . . ."and then tentatively he added, "baby."

"That sounds so good to my ears."

"What does?"

"You calling me baby."

"I will call you whatever makes you happy, dear."

"I like that too but right now be my stud and send me to heaven baby."

"With pleasure darling."

With that Nigel again assaulted her breasts. Gently pinching and playing with one nipple while gently nibbling and sucking on the other. Nigel could feel her nipples getting harder and harder under his attentions. 

Allison had never felt her nipples become so hard and tingly in all her life. The tingles from her breasts were spreading through out the rest of her body. 

Nigel slowly reached down between Allison's legs and slowly started to stroke her soft mound finding more than enough moisture there. 

This felt so wonderful to Allison that she couldn't control herself. She just had to explore and play with the hard bulge that had been pressing into her leg and that had been steadily getting bigger and harder since Nigel landed on top of her. 

Reaching down she grabbed a hold of Nigel. She marveled at the way it felt both hard yet soft at the same time in her hand. Nigel had always loved the taste of women and finally he couldn't hold back any longer he slowly started moving his way down to the spot that he so desired to be. 

Allison sensed his movement and the direction he was headed. She released her hold on her new play toy long enough to grab both sides of his head to stop him. 

"What's the matter baby?" Nigel implored.

"Are you sure you want to do this?"

"Yes I am sure. Why wouldn't I be?"

"I just don't want you to feel obligated to do that."

"I don't I truly enjoy doing that."

"OK then I won't stop you any more."

Then Nigel gave and ear to ear grin and then proceeded on down her stomach. As he approached her belly button he got an idea to stop and tongue it for a bit. 

Allison had never had anyone do that to her before. Although it felt sort of weird at first, she soon realized that his tongue in her belly button was turning her on even more, even if that seemed impossible at first. 

Feeling a compelling need to taste her Nigel, all too soon for Allison moved on. Allison felt a sense of sadness that his attentions to her new found hot spot were over. That was soon replaced by anticipation as Nigel moved on down to her thighs. With her growing anticipation Allison placed her hands on each side of Nigel's head in an attempt to hurry his progress. Nigel sensing her intentions decided not to let her guide him just yet. In a mischievous mood, Nigel decided to tease her before finally allowing her to guide him. Knowing that it would make her pleasure that much more intense. 

Although Nigel was enjoying his teasing game, Allison's persistent pressure and urging coupled with her smell that filled his nostrils as well as his growing need to taste her, made Nigel give in and delves his tongue into her moist sweet depths. An audible sigh of release could be heard escaping Allison's lips.

As Allison and Nigel's passion mounted the storm outside also picked up its pace as if trying to keep up with the two lovers' passions. Nigel's tongue quickly brought Allison to a place she hadn't been in longer than Allison could remember. Allison's world quickly pulled into a space that only included Nigel's tongue and the wonderful feeling that was building in the center of her being seemingly to spread the rest of her body. As soon as her building climax seemed to occupy every cell of her body, Allison's built up passion released in an explosion she didn't think possible. As her spasms slowly began to fade the storm outside also began to ebb.

"Oh my god," exclaimed Allison, "I have never felt anything like that ever in my life."

"And I have never tasted anyone as good as you before thank you for allowing me that pleasure."

"Trust me the pleasure was all mine and I will never again try to stop you from doing that for me again and now it is my turn to return the favor."

With that Allison gently and insistently pushed Nigel back. Once he was laying back she started to administer to him the same treatment that he had given her. Allison quickly moved to take one of Nigel's nipples into her mouth. Nigel felt the warm tingle of pleasure spread from the place that Allison's warm moist lips touched him. Allison was pleasantly surprised as Nigel's nipple began to harden in her mouth. She didn't have to worry if she was giving him pleasure Nigel was telling her without saying a word. Moving to his other nipple, she began to administer to it until it too responded by becoming hard. 

Satisfied with her work there she began to slowly move down his body kissing and licking as she went. As she neared her destination, she remembered Nigel's teasing and decided that it should be turn about's fair play. As soon as she neared her place of destination, Allison moved past without ever even grazing the point both of them wanted her to be. Allison, like Nigel, moved down and started to lick and kiss the insides of Nigel's legs, stopping just before reaching her ultimate destination. Moving instead to repeat her actions on his other leg. 

Eventually Allison moved to the object of both of their desires. It was almost more than Nigel could stand as Allison's warm moist mouth closed around him. Allison deftly ministered to Nigel thoroughly enjoying both the feel of Nigel in her mouth and the reactions her actions were invoking in Nigel. All too soon Allison's work had Nigel pushed to the brink. 

"Allison love, if you don't stop what you are doing I won't be able to hold back any longer."

Allison's only response was to step up her actions. Very soon, her actions paid off and she

received Nigel's sweet juice. Hard as it was, Allison did a wonderful job of not wasting any of it. To her surprise she found she liked the taste and it was made even better as it came from Nigel.

Satisfied that Nigel had no more for her at the moment, she moved to lie down beside Nigel just

enjoying the closeness of her new found lover. 
