 I could not believe my eyes when the black pick up truck drove up to the farm house and their grand daughter hopped out. I had just turned sixty and wanted to get away from my old routine and decided on an adventure-- "why not," I said and two days later, took off. I had been working my way west in my beat up Subaru and answered an ad for a temporary farm hand on a little cattle farm outside of Joplin, Oklahoma. I was hired to help with the haying.

Her grandfather told me his grand daughter was coming to work for the weekend but I had no idea she would be so hot looking. I was by the barn hitching the hay wagon to the truck and had to stop when I saw her run up to the front porch to greet her grandparents. She was wearing a pair of faded jeans that were so tight it was amazing they didn't split as they strained over her round ass. She had on an equally tight red t-shirt that stretched across her nice sized tits. I couldn't take my eyes off of her luscious ass and took a deep breath and said to myself, "Man, I'd like to get in her pants."

I wasn't certain how old she was but I guessed in her early thirties. She wore her blond hair in a pony tail which gave her a younger appearance. I knew I was much older than she was but that didn't matter to me—when I see a nice sexy body, my reaction is no different than when I was twenty—my cock twitches and I shake my head and hear my voice go, "mmmmmm—now ain't she nice." I have to admit I have a thing for younger women. 

I watched her hug her grandparents and chat for a minute and then she and her grandfather came over to me by the barn. I could see she wasn't wearing a bra because her tits jiggled and I could see the small peaks of her nipples through the tight shirt. 

"This is our grand daughter, Charlie," her grandfather said. I nodded and shook her hand, "Glad to meet you, my name is Arn." 

She smiled and had the cutest dimples, but then quickly looked away and seemed tense. I could tell she was shy and uncomfortable around people she didn't know but sensed that underneath her quiet manner was a sensual, passionate woman who dressed provocatively and liked men to look at her body—and what a sexy body. 

Her grandfather said, "The hay is all cut and dry but you two will have to bale her up and bring it back to the barn." He looked up at the sky and said, "It suppose to rain later today so you'll have to work fast to get her in." 

"Well, the wagon is all hitched up so we're ready to go," I said. 

"Good," her grandfather said. "I'll be in the other field cutting down the Timothy

so I'll see you all at lunch." 

"Hop in the truck, Charlie. Let's get started," I said, smiling at her. 

"Just a minute," she said and ran to her truck and came back wearing a cowboy hat

that somehow made her look even sexier. I was already in the truck when she got in and smiled at me, "Okay, I'm ready."

We took off and Charlie was quiet as we drove out to the field. I glanced over at her

and could feel she was tense. She looked out the window, her arm on the opening.

We didn't speak but a few times she turned to me and our eyes met and then she quickly looked away again. I think she liked being in the truck with me but her shyness made her tense and apprehensive. I wanted to get her to relax.  

"Nice folks, your grand parents. I'm glad I got this job," I said, trying to break the ice.

"Yeah, I love them and I like coming out here to visit and help," she answered, looking at me then quickly turning away. 

I kept looking at her tits in the tight t-shirt and thought how I would love to reach over and fondle them and could feel my cock getting hard. I knew I wanted to fuck her but wasn't certain how I could get past her shyness. 

"So, Charlie, do you have a man in your life?" I asked, looking over at her. 

"No, I don't," she answered, glancing at me then back out the window.

"I'm surprised," I said. "I'd think a sexy woman like you would have guys chasing after you." 

She blushed when I said that. 

"You're blushing," I said. 

"I'm not used to men saying I'm sexy," she answered. 

"Well I think you are," I said, looking at her and added, "very sexy." 

"Thank you," she responded and looked at me. Our eyes met and again she quickly turned away. 

I could tell she liked my saying that but she just looked straight ahead. I was hoping that by letting her know I liked how she looked and making little sexual comments I would penetrate her shyness and reach the sensual, passionate woman I sensed was lucking there. I guess you could say I was slowly trying to seduce her.

When we reached the spot where the hay was cut, I stopped the truck and we both hopped out. I went to the back of the truck and got the big ball of twine we would use to tie the bales. I threw her a pair of gloves and put mine on.  

"Let's work together," I said. "We'll make up the piles of hay and then you'll hold them in place while I tie and cut the twine with my penknife."

Charlie nodded and we got to work. We worked smoothly and quickly and I could tell she was used to this kind of work. We kept glancing at each other and I tried to get a conversation going, but she answered in short sentences. Still, I could feel there was something in the way our eyes met that made me know she liked being with me. I told her where I was from and how I happen to be in the area and saw the ad. 

She nodded as I spoke, "So you like adventure," she said. 

"Yep, nothing like a little adventure to put some spice in your life," I said, smiling at her.

She nodded and our eyes met again. "Maybe that's what I need—a little adventure,"

she said, smiling at me then looked away. 

We then continued working and neither of us spoke for awhile, but I was certain she was beginning to relax with me. She gathered up the piles of hay and held them tightly while I tied and cut the twine. 

"You're really good at this, Charlie," I said. "I like strong women," I added. 

"You do, do you?" she said and smiled at me. "And why do you like strong women?" she asked, our eyes meeting. She was relaxing and getting a little playful.

"I think it's sexy and strong women are usually passionate and I like passionate women." 

Charlie didn't say anything but just held the hay bale in place while I tied. After a moment I added. "I have a feeling that behind your shyness is a passionate woman."

She didn't say anything, but blushed, her whole face turning pink. 

You're blushing again," I said. 

"I guess I'm not used to this kind of conversation," she said. 

"So do you think you're a passionate woman?" I asked. 

"Yes," she said. "I think I am but I don't have much opportunity to be passionate," she added. 

"I also think you're sexy," I said looking into her eyes. "Do you like men looking at you?" I asked. 

"Yes. I like it," she answered. "I like when guys look at me." 

I looked at her tits noticing how they stood out as her t-shirt clung to her sweaty body. She knew I was looking at her tits. 

"Do you like how I am looking at you?" I asked. 

"Yes," she answered, smiling shyly but beginning to enjoy this conversation. 

After that exchange, we were both quiet as we continued working. 

A few times our hands touched as she held the hay bale and I tied. "We're getting to be a pretty good team," I said. Again our eyes met.

Within an hour and a half we had tied up about fifty bales and left them in their spot as we moved on. 

It was getting hotter as the sun got higher and both of us were sweating. I stopped and took out the piece of towel I had in my back pocket and wiped my forehead. Charlie did the same, taking off her hat and wiping her face. Both of our shirts were wet with sweat and again I could not help but look at her tits as the shirt clung to her body, making her nipples stand out even more. Again, she saw me looking at her tits and our eyes met but neither of us said anything. 

"How about a five minute break," I said and sat down on the last bale we tied. 

She sat down next to me. There wasn't that much room on the bale and our thighs accidentally touched, but neither of us moved. 

"Sure is hot," I said, looking at her, noticing how strands of her blond hair stuck to the back of her sweaty neck. She tugged at her tight t-shirt, pulling it out to let some air in. 

"Yeah," she said, looking at me and then out at the field where more cut hay lay. She then looked up at the dark clouds and pointed. "Looks like we're going to get some rain soon, we better hurry."   

"You're right," I said, nodding and stood up. I then surprised her by standing in 

front of her. I grabbed both of her hands and I pulled her up off the hay bale. When she stood up, our bodies were close. Our eyes met and for a minute I kept hold of her hand. I smiled and suddenly felt the urge to hug her and wondered if she would resist. 

Suddenly, I made a bold move, not sure how she would respond and wrapped my arms around her, pulling her to me. She gasped but didn't push me away. I then quickly moved my hand down to her round ass and held her to me, pressing my hard cock against her. She still didn't push me away but let me hold her.

Our eyes were locked on each other's eyes and I started grinding slowly, wondering what she would do. I continued slowly grinding against her with my hands holding her ass and she didn't stop me but started to slowly grind with me, spreading her legs slightly. I was surprised she responded like that and knew I was right-- she was a very sexual woman underneath that shy exterior. 

Her ass felt so good in my hands, so soft and luscious—and somehow the thin denim of her tight jeans straining on her round ass added to the sensation. I leaned back slightly and pressed my hard cock against her pussy and we continued to slowly grind a little harder, both of us moaning softly. She also leaned back slightly and pressed her pussy harder, moving up and down the length of my cock. She then surprised me by grabbing hold of my ass, pulling me to her, our grinding growing more intense. We looked into each other's eyes, both of us moaning as we rubbed harder against each other, our grinding turning into humping and I knew I had broken through the ice and now had this hot sensual woman in my grasp. She was breathing heavily as we humped harder and harder against each other.

Suddenly, she pushed me away, panting heavily. Her face was flushed and I could tell she liked what happened, but then got scared and backed off. "We better get back to work," she said, looking into my eyes. 

"You're right," I said. "We better or we won't get this hay in before it rains." My cock was still hard as I looked at her and she glanced at the bulge in my jeans. 

We quickly got to work but it was clear what had just happened would continue later. We didn't say anything as we worked, but clearly there was anticipation building. Both of us were quiet as she piled up the hay and I tied. She then went and began forming the next pile. We had a good rhythm going. 

While we worked, we glanced at each other, our eyes meeting. I could not take my eyes off her round ass in the tight jeans when she bent over and how her sweaty t-shirt clung to her body revealing her tits and nipples. 

We worked hard for the next two hours as the sky grew darker. "We better get the hay in the wagon and back to the barn," I shouted. 

"We only have a few more bales," she said. "Go get the truck and wagon while I get these bales." 

"Okay," I said. "I'll be back in a few minutes." I looked up at the dark clouds 

then ran back past all the tied up bales of hay to get the truck. We would have to work quickly to load up the truck and get back to the barn before the rain. 

I drove up around the baled hay to where Charlie was waiting and turned the truck so it was facing the direction of the barn. I got out and we started loading up the hay wagon, working our way backwards. I was impressed with how strong she was as she lifted the bales I tossed to her and she walked toward the front and piled them up. 

When we loaded one area, I would get in the truck and drive another fifty feet and start that routine again. We worked quickly and soon had the wagon almost filled with the hay, but we had more to do. 

"We better hurry," she shouted as we both looked up at the dark clouds approaching. 

"We'll make it," I shouted as I tossed a bale to her and she added it to the pile. The wagon was practically filled and wouldn't hold much more. 

Finally I threw her the last bale which she put on the stacked pile and then jumped down out of the wagon. I caught her as she fell forward and I pulled her down on me as I fell to the ground and she straddled me. Though she was surprised at first when I grabbed her ass she leaned over me and immediately started moving her pussy back and forth over my hard cock.

I had my hands on her ass, urging her on. I loved how her ass as she pressed her pussy into my hard cock. 

Suddenly, she was moving harder and harder, no longer shy but now was letting her sexuality loose. "Oh Fuck!" she said as she rocked back and forth on my cock. "This feels so good."

I was surprised at how she had suddenly turned from a shy, quiet woman into an inferno of passion as she ground her jean covered pussy against my hard cock. She put her arms over my head as she rocked hard against me and looked into my eyes, "Oh baby, I want you to fuck me hard!"

I have to admit I didn't expect things to happen so fast but I was happy that I had uncorked the real Charlie and that this woman was more than ready for action. 

"You want this hard cock, don't you," I said.

"Yeah, you know what I want," she said looking into my eyes as she moved back and forth on my cock.

"And you want my tight little pussy, don't you," she growled as she moved harder against me and moaned. Charlie had turned into a vixen and I liked it. 

Suddenly, we felt rain drops as we lay on the ground fucking each other through our clothes. We kept going at it ignoring the first few rain drops. I then pushed her off of me and got on top of her, spreading her legs. I humped her as she lay beneath. I looked into her eyes.

"You're going to be my little slut, aren't you," I said as I pinned her to the ground.

"Maybe," she said, smirking at me. "If you think you can handle me."

"You'll find out later how I can handle you but now we better get this hay in the barn."  

I pulled her up and we smiled and looked into each others eyes. We then hopped into the truck and I drove down to the barn, driving pretty fast, both of us burning with lust. At the barn, she hopped out and opened the barn door and I backed the hay wagon in before it really started to come down. The truck was outside, but the hay wagon was in the safety of the barn. We would lift the bails into the loft later but now the hay would be dry.

I saw Charlie's grandfather driving the tractor and mower down from the other field. He saw that we had backed the wagon into the barn and waved. He parked the tractor down by the house, got out and ran up on the porch to get out of the rain. He then turned to us. 

"Good, you got her in just in time," he shouted through cupped hands. 

Charlie stood in the barn's entrance and waved. "We're going to unload the wagon when the rain stops!" she shouted. 

"Good work!" her grandfather shouted then went into the house. 

Charlie looked at me still sitting in the truck. She stood in the barn's entrance and yelled at me, "Get in here, Mister."

I hopped out of the truck and dashed for the barn, getting a little wet. She smiled and then walked slowly over to a ladder that went up to the hay loft, swaying her hips as she walked, knowing she was teasing me. She then turned and leaned against the ladder. facing me and said, "If you want me, come get me!" She smiled and then started climbing up the ladder, her round ass straining against the tight jeans.

I followed and climbed up the ladder to the loft. There were several hay bales at the other end of the barn. Actually, I had my sleeping bag up there because that's where I was sleeping. It was rolled up in the corner of the loft and I shouted, "Welcome to my bedroom."

It was pretty dark in the loft and the rain was beating hard against the roof, but there was dim light coming from the open loft door and the barn door below. Charlie dashed towards the other end of the barn and then turned and faced me as I moved towards her. Our eyes were locked on each other as she backed up, luring me to her. Neither of us spoke as I moved closer to her. She was now backed up against the wall between two piles of hay bales. She then put her hands on her tits and started playing with them as she leaned against the wall. 

Watching her rub her tits like that was getting me turned on and she knew what she was doing. "You want to fuck me, don't you?" she finally said. 

All inhibitions were gone as we were now like caged wild animals wanting hot raunchy sex. Raw unbridled lust was in the air as I moved towards her, our eyes locked on each others eyes. She looked at my cock bulging in my jeans. I then grabbed my balls, as she played with her tits, our hungry eyes locked on each other's eyes. 

"You want this big cock, don't you?" I said as I stood in front of her, holding my crotch as she held her tits in her hands. 

Suddenly I was in front of her. I grabbed her arms and turned her around roughly and pushed her hard up against the wall. I spread her legs slightly and rubbed my cock against her ass. I quickly grabbed one of her tits with one hand and gripped her pussy with the other one. 

"You're a little cock tease, aren't you?" I growled into her ear.

"Yeah, I am," she growled back. "What are you gonna do about it?"

"You're asking for trouble, baby," I said as I held her pussy and tit and ground my cock into her ass. "I'm going to fuck your brains out," I said. 

"You are, are you?" she said, turning her head towards me. "You think I'm going

to let you fuck me," she added. "You think you are in charge of me, do you? You 

think I'm going to give you my pussy?" 

"I know you are! I'm going to take your pussy," I said, grinding my cock into her ass, moving my hand up and down her pussy as I held it firmly. "I'm going to own your cunt," I added. "You're going to me my fuck slave," I said, growling into her ear.

"You think so, do you?" she said and started to squirm and buck me off of her.

I grabbed her tighter. "Where do you think you re going, you little whore!"

"Let go of me, you bastard! You can't have me! Let me go!" she shouted, squirming and rubbing her ass harder against my cock. I grabbed her pussy tighter, moving my hand against her as she squirmed, trying to get away. 

Suddenly, I turned her around and threw her down on a hay bale and pounced on her. I spread her legs wide apart, my cock bulging in my jeans pressed against her pussy, her tight jeans stretched tight against her crotch. I pinned her arms over her head, my mouth just above hers and looked into her eyes. 

"Let me go, you bastard! Let me go!" she screamed, squirming and bucking beneath me.

"You want this cock, don't you," I said as I began to grind and hump her.

"NO! GET OFF OF ME!" she screamed. 

"Shut up," I said and put my hand over her mouth. "You don't want your grandfather to know what a slut you are," I said, holding her down, my other hand holding her arms above her. 

She squirmed, trying to talk through my hand. I was humping her harder now, my cock grinding into her pussy as she squirmed underneath me. 

"I want you to beg for my cock. I know you want it bad," I said. 

"No way, you fucker!" she said when I took my hand away.

"I know you want it," I said and got up on my knees and lowered my jeans and took my cock out and held it in my hand over her pussy. She looked at it, her mouth wide open and her eyes looked at mine. I then quickly unbuttoned her jeans and lowered the zipper. I moved back and pulled her tight jeans off. She was squirming as I peeled them from her body then I practically ripped her panties off, looking down at her dripping pussy. I grabbed her legs and pulled her slightly forward so that she was lying on the hay bale with her feet on the floor, her legs wide apart. 
