 I am a single guy who enjoys travel and play. I have been retired for a few years and I have the means and time to take many types of trips of which one favorite includes a cruise. I know that some of the cruise lines have taken a hit but I just see that as an opportunity to take the same cruise at a reduced cost because since I travel alone, I have to pay for two people. 

Recently I took a Caribbean cruise on a ship and destination I have taken many times before however, this one turned out to be the best cruise ever. Per the usual, I boarded, had a late lunch, and then checked out my room. There is always some activity up on the Lido deck so you can look out on the port and wait for the mandatory fire/muster station drill. I always do the early dinner so I went down and got in line and asked for the open seating. This is where you sit with others and not always at an assigned table each evening. This arrangement turned out to be a blessing for me. Eight single people consisting of three men and five women of various ages made up the table. Fortunately for me an attractive single woman near my age sat directly across from me. She was nicely dressed and had an engaging smile. I introduced myself and gave my home city and she replied she was Gloria and she actually lives just an hour's drive from me. We chatted about various things and discovered we shared a lot of same interest. Not only our joy of cruises and travel but we also enjoyed the same movies, books, and music. We both enjoyed old classic movies and I could quickly tell she knew her movies. When I asked what was the comedy movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock, she knew the answer. The more we talked the more my interest in her grew not to mention my friend fighting for room in my pants. I hoped she was feeling the same too.

Nothing ventured, noting gained so I asked her would like to accompany me to see the ship's evening entertainment and she accepted with a smile. From there on that evening, we enjoyed each other's company. We walked around the ship and even danced some. She felt very nice in my arms and I sensed we had more than a mutual attraction. I felt like a sophomore in heat when we were sharing a slow dance. I know I had a hard erection and the way she held me close I think she could feel it. As the evening progress our touching became more frequent we felt very comfortable with each other. At the end of our evening I gave her a gentle kiss at her door and much to my delight she suggested we meet for breakfast. I told her I was looking forward to it and to have pleasant dreams.

We met for breakfast and I thanked her for a wonderful evening. She laughed and said that she had a wonderful time too and said that she would be pleased to have more time together. Since was a day at sea we started the day walking the Promenade deck. We held hands and talked about our lives, our past, and our hopes for the future. From that point on we became a couple. We did everything together the rest of the day and into the evening. We worked out in the ship's gym and to my pleasant surprise; she was no stranger to the gym. We rewarded our dedication to our working out by going to the hot tub. We spent a couple of hours relaxing, kissing, and snuggling in the tub and I especially enjoyed the way she looked wearing a nice two piece swimsuit. From the amount and way she touched me it didn't take long to know there was some sexual tension building too.

This evening for dinner we met and requested a table for two. I ordered a bottle of wine and we toasted our new beginning. After dinner we headed to the theatre and enjoyed the Broadway type show. We even sang along and much to my dismay, she can't carry a tune but enjoyed my baritone voice. All in all it was a lot of fun and laughter. After the show and since the evening was still young we headed out on deck to see if we could see any stars. It was a clear night, sliver of a moon, and a sky full of stars. We strolled to the bow of the ship where it was very dark. I took her in my arms and gave her a passionate kiss which she eagerly returned. Feeling the passion I slid my hand up her dress and cupped her breast. She moaned and kissed me deeply. I pulled her close and I could feel my growing hard cock being pressed between us. She ground her hips into mine and rubbed my cock with her body. I reached under her dress and slowly slid my hand up her leg and found her wet panty. She parted her legs to give me better access and while she reached down and held my hard cock thru my pants. I slipped my finger between panty and leg and found a very wet pussy. With a little maneuvering I started rubbing her clit and she was very responsive to my touch. I gently rubbed her clit and she let out a soft moan and held me tighter. I could sense from her breathing that I was bringing her to an orgasm. Moments later her knees went week, she held me tight, and I could feel her body shudder as her orgasm reached its peak. 

"My room is closer," she whispered.

We made the move to her room in a fog. I vaguely heard her say that she had hoped this would happen and that we would be sharing the evening like this. I'm pretty sure I kissed her and told her I had felt the same.

What seemed like too long a walk, we arrived at her room and once inside I quickly pulled off her dress. I wrapped my arms around her, and caressed her lovely body. I knelt down and ran my hands up her legs to slowly pulled down her lace panties. How lovely her pussy looked with a small trimmed pubic hair. I kissed her pussy and licked her clit and she moaned and ran her fingers thru my hair. I picked her up, laid her gently on the bed and began to lick her pussy and clit. As I explored her clit with my tongue, I inserted my finger into her wet and eager cunt. Her hands would go from holding my head to holding her lovely breast. I could hear her breathing quicken and she pulled my face harder to her pussy. Her whole body shuddered as the orgasm rolled thru her like a wave. I didn't stop but rather licked her clit very lightly with my tongue and soon she was gasping again as the next orgasm flowed thru her body.

I moved up next to her and gave her a deep kiss and she took my face in her hands and licked her pussy juice from around my lips. 

"Look at you," she said, "you still have your clothes on."

"What will happen if you take them off?" I replied.

"I'll show you."

I think I lost a button or two as she quickly removed my shirt. I helped her with the button on the pants and it didn't take long before I was naked. She took my hard member into her hand, kissed it, and then took it into her mouth. The feel of her wet lips and tongue running over my cock was heavenly. Next she gave me a big smile and then proceeded to climb on top. She held my cock and gently slid it into her hot and wet cunt. 

I fondled her breast and held her nipples between my fingers while she rode up and down; her gaze never leaving my eyes. She gripped my arms and as she quickened her tempo her thrusting became harder. Suddenly she slowed way down, gave a loud moan and squeezed my cock with her muscles. She closed her eyes and just held me there, and then collapsed into my arms. I rolled her over onto her back and lifting her leg over mine I could insert my still hard dick into her. I began a slow rocking motion to slide my dick in as far as I could go and out to where my dick was just on the edge of her lips. I cupped one breast and licked the nipple on the other and at the same time rubbed her clit ever so lightly. That quickly brought her to another orgasm and it was enough to bring me over the edge too. I gasped and moaned and went in deep to shoot my load. 

We lay in each other's arms enjoying the afterglow of such a wonderful intimate moment. We laughed about the events leading up to this like how she could feel my erection when we were dancing and how horny it made her or the times in the hot tub when we both were touching each other. 

Age makes it difficult for older men to have multiple orgasms but it doesn't stop us from getting hard again. After a brief rest I fingered Gloria to another orgasm and with her mouth and hands she got me hard again. This time I took her from behind and she used that position to play with my balls and also rub her clit to orgasm. 

We crawled between the sheets and fell asleep in each other's arms. It was going to be a wonderful cruise.