 The sun beat down, unrelentingly hot out of the Texas sky. My friend Marci and I had planned this trip for months. Just us two women spending a week in Houston, sight-seeing and just spending a little time getting away from it all. She had met up with her boyfriend Sean and they were doing the horizontal mamba at the most exclusive 5-diamond hotel in town for a couple of days. That meant that I had two days to myself in our suite, seeing what kind of trouble I could get into.

Truth of the matter was, I was looking for trouble – the kind that comes in cowboy boots and ass-hugging jeans with a bulge behind the button fly. I has just turned 33 a couple months before and was already feeling old and past my prime. I didn't look it, though. Except for a few silver strands that liked to peek out of my long reddish brown locks, nothing about me looked older than thirty. My face was still unlined with wrinkles, my 38C breasts were still perky and my bottom was still perfectly round, just right for holding while doing doggy style.

So here I was sauntering down the street, the sun lighting up the copper highlights in my hair, turning my skin a richer shade of golden brown and bringing out the freckles on my shoulders and cheeks. My white eyelet sleeveless shirt skimmed the curves of my breasts before it barely met the waistband of my linen broomstick skirt. My bright coral toes peeked out of my strappy white heels and the sun's rays flirted with the gold ankle bracelet around my right ankle. 

I walked into a bar that was a delightfully schizophrenic blend of pure country and Roaring 20's; it appealed to me right off. The bar that ran along the wall on the right was gleaming rich mahogany, and the trim was brightly polished brass. The mirror behind the bar was spotless and reflected the bottles of liquor on the shelf in front of it. From the jukebox in the corner Garth Brooks was singing about his friends in low places and the dance floor was empty on this spring afternoon. As nice as the scenery was, though, it paled in comparison to what I saw leaning against the bar. My eyes started at the most exquisite ass I'd ever seen, snugly covered in perfectly faded denim, before traveling down, down these long legs to work-worn rattlesnake boots. My eyes went back up, again savoring that perfect ass, before they perused the play of muscles under the chambray shirt. I noticed muscled forearms covered with dark hair and shoulders as broad as the Texas sky. Then, as I noticed his piercing hazel eyes, my hormone-addled brain registered that he'd caught me scoping him over. I felt a blush rising from my breasts to my cheeks, but I decided to ignore it as I gave him my most open smile and started over towards him. My skirt hid my slightly shaking knees as I reached his side, and he tipped his hat to me and greeted me with a long slow perusal of his own and "Howdy" in the most incredibly deep voice I'd ever heard. Noticing his perusal of all my feminine assets (it hadn't escaped my notice that his eyes lingered just a wee bit long on the shadow of cleavage above my shirt), I shot a saucy look at him and asked, "Like what you see, Cowboy?"

A slow sardonic grin lifted the corners of his mouth as he replied, "Yes, I do. Just wish I could see more of it." "Oh, really?" I countered. "Let's talk a bit and then we'll see what we can arrange." Already I had undressed him in my mind and was feeling a warmth that had nothing to do with the outside temperature as I pictured our bodies writhing in my hotel bed. He ordered Coronas for both of us and we took them over to a table in the corner away from the jukebox so we could talk. He told me his name was Kevin, and I held my hand out to him and said, "Nice to meet you, Kevin. My name's Deborah." As he took my hand, I felt a tingle of electricity shoot up my arm before it radiated down to my toes, missing none of the sensitive areas in between. My nipples tightened against my shirt, and I just knew he could see the dark shadows against the white. I could also feel heat coiling hot and wicked in my womb, and I knew that I had found the trouble I was looking for. I told him that I was a counselor and was in town for a week with a friend of mine – girls' week away. He asked where my friend was, and I explained her absence. Kevin got a very interested look on his face when he discovered that I had a couple of days to myself. He told me that he works for the city parks department and really loves working with kids. But that's not what he wants to do forever, he continued. He went on to share that his dream is to open a campground for families with trail rides and hikes. 

Kevin and I finished our beers but weren't ready to part just yet. He asked me how much of the city I had seen, and I told him the places that Marci and I had already hit. He offered to show me the city from an insider's perspective, and I thought it was a great idea. We walked and toured, talking the whole time. As we walked through the park near downtown, he placed his arm around me, and it felt perfect around my shoulders. Eventually we noticed the streetlights coming on as it got darker, and we realized that we had spent the entire afternoon together. As he walked me back to my hotel, Kevin asked me what plans I had for dinner. I replied, "None as of yet. I just thought I'd ask the concierge for a recommendation for a good place tonight." He said, "I know a great place, and I'd love to take you there." I thought that sounded fabulous. "Can you give me about half an hour to freshen up, and I can meet you down in the lobby?" Kevin said, "You look beautiful the way you are," laughing a little, "But sure, I'll see you in half an hour."

I went upstairs and hopped through the shower. I quickly changed clothes, slipping into a shorter straighter skirt and a halter top. I raced down to the lobby with seconds to spare and met Kevin just as he was coming in the door. I looked up at him and smiled. It was funny to me how much I'd missed him in this little bit of time. He drew me to him for a hug, and being in his arms just felt so perfectly right. I drew back a bit to look up at him, gazing deep into his eyes. He bent his head down to kiss me, and everything disappeared around us – the lobby and the people ceased to exist. All I could focus on was Kevin and how he felt against me, his clean scent and the erotic play of his tongue against mine. At that moment, I didn't care about going out to eat. I had a different hunger burning through me, and I could tell by the impressive bulge in his pants that he did, too.

We broke apart, and I looked up at Kevin, breathless. "How about we get room service?" I asked. He said, "Sounds good," and we headed to the elevators. Once the doors shut behind us, we were all over each other. Our mouths met in a fiery kiss and his hands were on my ass, pulling me tight against his erection. We reluctantly broke apart when the elevator dinged, announcing my floor. We walked quickly down the hallway, and as I fumbled with the key card, I could feel his lips against the back of my neck, his solid chest against my mostly exposed back. None too soon we were inside.

I turned around to face him, expecting him to draw me back into his arms and pick up where we left off. I was shocked to find him rifling through the room service menu. I leaned against the wall, watching him with a quizzical expression on my face, but not saying anything. He simply gave me a devilish smile, dimples flashing in his cheeks, as he picked up the phone. As it rang, he looked at me and asked, "You hungry now?" I replied that, no, I wasn't. He muttered something into the phone, but I couldn't make out what he'd ordered. After he hung up the phone, he walked over to me and said, "Where were we?" Before I had the chance to answer, he took me in his arms and said, "Hmm... I believe we were here," moments before his mouth descended to mine. This kiss was just as hot as all the others before it. My body molded to his as our tongues danced. Everywhere our bodies touched, I could feel his hardness meeting my softness. His chest was firm against my soft breasts, his arms like steel bands around me, his muscular thighs pressed against mine and his rock-hard cock pressed intimately against my soft mound. The kiss was dizzying, electrifying. I could hear the blood pounding in my ears, my entire body singing. Then I realized that I was hearing someone pounding at the door. We parted, and it took a moment for me to regain my balance. Kevin opened the door for the room service waiter, who pushed a cart bearing a single red rose and a silver dome-covered plate. Kevin approved the order, tipped the waiter and closed the door. I had no idea what was under the dome.

Kevin sauntered back towards me, a feral gleam in his eyes. My heart leapt, anticipation tightening my nipples against the thin material of my halter top and causing liquid heat to pool between my legs. He licked his lips as he noticed my body's reaction to his nearness. I reached up and placed my hands on his chest, feeling the muscles beneath his shirt. The heated look in his eyes emboldened me, and I started unbuttoning his shirt, letting each button slide through the holes, revealing more and more of his chest. I kissed each bit of skin I exposed. As I reached the bottom, I tugged the shirttail out of his pants and spent a few minutes tonguing his belly button. He groaned and grabbed my head, holding me in place. I could feel his hard member pressing the tender underside of my chin, and I caught a whiff of his musk. He raised me back up and grabbed the bottom of my halter, tugging it over my head and off. My unbound breasts greeted him, the hard nipples pouting prettily at him. He drew me to him, and I savored the feel of skin on skin. Kevin brought his hand up my side to my breast, cupping it as he lowered his mouth to capture my nipple. At the first contact of his hot wet mouth on my breast, I moaned low in my throat, my back arching to offer more of myself to him.

He reached behind me to find the zipper on my skirt. I felt the teeth rasp against my crack as he lowered it. The skirt dropped, and I stepped out of it. I now stood before him wearing only my thong and a pair of heels. My hands found the button of his pants, and I moaned with another surge of lust as I saw the continuation of that sexy line of hair above his groin. As I unzipped his pants, my eyes widened at what I saw. There before me was pure trouble with a capital T. His long thick cock sprang free to greet me, completely unfettered by underwear. With a small secret smile, I thought, Daa-amn! They really do make 'em bigger in Texas! Kevin's cock was an easy eight inches long, and my hand couldn't even wrap around it. I placed a kiss on his head as I knelt down to help him out of his pants and shoes.

Kevin edged us closer to the bed and gently pushed me down on it. I landed on my back. He took my shoes off, then crawled onto the bed far enough to grab the waistband of my thong and pull it down and off. He commanded me to roll over onto my stomach. I did, but with a little trepidation. He must've sensed some of what I was feeling, because he tenderly rubbed my back, letting his fingers dig in just a little to sooth some of the knots. I relaxed into his ministrations. Kevin left my side; I protested with a whimper. With a laugh in his voice, he said, "Don't worry, darlin'. I'll be back." I felt the bed give as he joined me on it again. Then... Ohhhh... I felt something warm and sticky drip down my back, along my crack, then drizzled back up. I wasn't sure what it was at first, but it felt so sinfully delightful as it trickled slowly across my back and down to my pleasure center. Then, I slowly started to smell it: Honey. Warm, silky honey.

The bed shifted as Kevin put the dispenser down, then came back to me. Suddenly I felt his hot tongue at the base of my neck, licking down my back, lapping the honey off my skin. His hips straddled mine, his hard cock pressed against my butt. Then he scooted down as his tongue drank up the rest of the honey on my back. He gently nudged my hips apart and his mouth sought and found the warm honey sweetness of my wet pussy. I felt loose, boneless, unable and unwilling to move. I felt his hot tongue lick me from my ass down to my slit before it thrust deep inside my waiting hole. My hips came up off the bed, seeking more of this exquisite sensation. As he tongue-fucked me, my hands grabbed the pillow, fingernails sinking deep into it as I started climbing the precipice. "Oh, Kevin. Oh god. Please... I want you. Want to feel you inside me," I begged, mindless with desire.

He spread my legs apart, lifted my hips up to meet him, and thrust deep inside of me in one smooth stroke. I couldn't help but let out a little scream at the intensity of the pleasure. He raised my hips a little higher so he'd have a deeper angle. I could feel the lingering stickiness from the honey mingle with my own juices as his penis continued stroking in and out. His work-roughened hands grabbed my hips, forcing them back to meet his thrusts. I reached a hand beneath me to massage his balls. As his thrusts got harder, I rolled his tight sac in my hand, gently tugging it. The inside of my wrist brushed my hard throbbing clit, sending me spiraling closer to the pinnacle. Kevin plunged into me faster and harder, until with a scream, I dove over the edge into a delicious orgasm, with him following close behind me. With an exultant yell, his body tensed moments before I felt his hot cum explode deep inside my quivering pussy. Spent, I collapsed onto the bed, Kevin's weight pinning me down as he planted light kisses along the back of my neck.

We lay like that for several long moments, simply relishing the closeness and savoring the afterglow. Kevin woke me when he moved off of me; I didn't realize I'd dozed off. I rolled over and looked at him, flashing him a sleepy but satisfied smile. He held his hand out to me, and I took it, a questioning look in my eye. He led me to the bathroom and started the shower. He motioned for me to get in, and after testing the water for myself, I did, standing under the soothing warm spray. Kevin got in with me, and I moved so he could have the water. I ignored the slight chill on my skin as I stood and admired his body. Rivulets of water snaked down his chest, over his washboard abs and slithered along his triumph line, straight to his once more erect cock. I took the step that would close the gap between us and looked up at him, never minding the water that hit me in the face. I licked the water droplets off his chest, following the water down, down, down, until I was kneeling in front of him, licking his cock.

Water cascaded over us as I took him deep into my mouth. Kevin grabbed my head, his fingers tangling in my hair. I looked up and saw he had his head back, his eyes closed in ecstasy, his long lush black lashes fanning against his cheeks. His thick long penis stretched my mouth, and it took a while for me to adjust to his size. My blood red lips left a ring around the base of his cock as I took it all the way in. I could feel his head bump against the back of my throat, and the scent of our combined musks filled my nose. I sucked him avariciously, wanting every bit of him. His groan bounced off the walls of the shower as I drew him in harder and deeper. I stopped sucking him long enough to suck my middle finger, which I slid into his tight ass while my hand cupped his sac. I slowly slid my finger in and out as I continued sucking him deeply. His long fingers pulled my hair as he grabbed my head tighter. The salty taste of his precum tantalized my mouth. Finally, with a shout, Kevin came, his hot cum filling my mouth. I swallowed all of it and kept sucking, draining his cock of every last drop.

We gently bathed each other, being sensitive of those tender areas that had gotten so well loved. After drying off and donning thick white terry cloth robes, I ordered dinner for us. We sat and talked over steaks, baked potatoes, salads, buttery yeast rolls and chocolate cheesecake. Kevin told me more about his dream of opening a campground, and while I'm not the outdoorsy type, I could picture it clearly from his description and it sounded like the type of place I'd want to visit. Even more amazing, his vision seemed to parallel mine so perfectly, and I could easily see us working together on something like this. The idea shocked me. After all, this was just a one-night stand, right? A little vacation fling at the most. 

Discomfited by the path my thoughts were traveling, I opted to get us back on more familiar territory, and I suggested we head back to bed. Kevin gave me a deep look and must've seen something that I hadn't wanted to admit. He said, "Are you sure you're up for another round? You look exhausted, and it has been a pretty full day." Truth was, I was exhausted, but I never would've admitted it to him before he said something. I gave him a sleepy smile and told him that, yeah, I was pretty tired. I next assured him, though, that I'd love to sleep in his arms that night. We removed our robes and I took them back to the bathroom. When I came back out, Kevin was already under the covers, an inviting, welcoming smile on his face. I could see just his chest above the sheet, and his arm was stretched out to his side, providing a perfect place for me to nuzzle in against him.

I must've been more tired than I thought, because I slept through the night, and when I did finally wake up, my head was still on Kevin's shoulder, and his arm was still around me. I'd never slept with a man like that before – snuggled right against him like that. Kevin was still sleeping soundly, so I took advantage of the opportunity to just look at him. His sinfully dark lashes rested on his cheeks. His luscious mouth was relaxed and looked so kissable. My eyes trailed down to his shoulders and his chest, and I sighed. He truly was a vision. Long tapered fingers rested on his chest in sleep, and my skin heated as I remembered the wonderful things those fingers had done to me the night before. Kevin must have felt me staring at him, because he opened his eyes and looked right at me. I blushed with embarrassment at being caught looking at him so openly and unabashedly. He smiled and said, "Whatcha looking at?" I replied, "A very gorgeous cowboy. Good mornin' Gorgeous." Then I bent down to kiss those lips that I'd been admiring just moments before.

"Mmmm," he moaned appreciably before he sought my lips for another, deeper kiss. With a slight shift of his arm under me, he pushed me until I was on top of him. Still kissing, I let him put me where he wanted me. My breasts pressed against his chest and I could feel his very impressive morning wood against my mound. I cupped the back of his head in my hands, holding his head still for my kisses. I arched my hips until I could just feel his head against my slit. I was already sooo wet, yet I couldn't help but wonder how, as tight as I am in the mornings, I'd ever be able to take all of him in me. Slowly, I sat back until his head started entering my love canal. I felt stretched to capacity. Surely I wouldn't be able to take any more, yet the night before had proven I could. His fingers dug into my hips as he fought the urge to thrust up and bury himself in me. I took another inch, and Kevin moaned loudly at how good it felt having my tight pussy squeezing his cock. Although I was morning tight, I was dripping wet, and my juices dripped down his cock, easing its way farther into my pussy.

Finally, all eight inches of his incredibly thick shaft were buried deep inside me. The feeling was so intense – stretching, straining, pulsing. I started riding him, up and down, pulling almost entirely off of him before sliding back down to take all of him back in me. Kevin's hands came up to cup my breasts. He held them underneath and flicked the hard tips with his thumbs. I arched my back, taking him farther in while pushing my breasts farther out into his hands. I braced my hands on his chest, balancing myself as I rode him harder. His cock pulsed and throbbed in me, echoing the throbbing of my tender pussy. I ground my clit against his groin, the exposed nubbin rubbing against his pubic hairs. With a scream, I came hard, almost violently. Moments later, Kevin came with a yell, his hands almost bruising my hips as he grabbed them and his hot cum spewed deep inside my canal. I squeezed him, draining every drop out of him. He kept pumping inside me, hitting my g-spot and making my juices continue to flow. Finally, spent, I collapsed on top of him, our combined juices running down his shaft, over his balls and dripping down his ass.
