 After I graduated from college, my first two jobs didn't pay very well, however fate intervened and I landed a job that actually paid me good money. It also included frequent travel to Europe. I was working for a film distributor who distributed American made films throughout most of Europe. They also imported some European made films into the U.S.

One of the perks of the job was that in addition to our mainstream clients we also imported adult films made in countries like, Germany, Italy, and the Czech Republic. I got to view every film and decide which films my company would import into the U.S. We had strict guidelines back then, about what type of adult content could be imported, so watching the films and taking notes about their content was not nearly as fun as it sounded.

The other perk was that the adult film producers would often take me out to some of the best night spots in their city. We would often be accompanied by the porn actors and actresses who worked in the films. I also saw had an amazing opportunity to see many wonderful parts of their countries that the average tourist would never experience.

On one of my visits to Rome an adult film producer made an offhand remark about a woman whom he had dated.

He said, "When we split, she had to go visit the cemetery." That was the English translation of his remark.

His comments didn't make sense to me, so I asked for an explanation. The other Italian men immediately laughed at me.

They then told me about a cemetery that was situated behind a church near Republic Square in Rome. The cemetery predated the square which was built in the fifteen hundreds.

In Italy, it's a great source of shame for a woman if she can't bear children. He explained that there was an old tradition that dated back hundreds of years. When a woman was not able to get pregnant by her husband, she would go to this cemetery late at night when the moon was full. There was a short stone fence running through the center of the cemetery that women would bend down and rest their elbows on, then begin to pray. 

If her prayers were answered, a stranger would appear from out of nowhere, couple with her, and impregnate her with his seed, or so the legend went. The Italians believed that the man who appeared was sent by the saints to grant the woman her wish for a baby.

Over the generations, many women got their prayers answered in that cemetery. In modern time the cemetery became more of a place for casual encounters. Men and women would come late at night to meet and have sex without any strings attached. Birth control was still illegal in Italy back then, so you can imagine how many pregnancies resulted from these casual encounters. Some Italian men would brag about how many women they got pregnant in the cemetery.

After I arrived home, I couldn't get the idea of the cemetery off my mind. I thought about it day and night. I made a decision to visit the cemetery on my next trip to Rome, but just before leaving for Rome I devised a plan. I opened an anonymous e-mail account and printed some business cards that were blank except for a single line printed in bold saying, "Thank You," and the e-mail address at the bottom of the card in smaller letters.

I sat at a sidewalk Tratoria in Republic Square nibbled at my pizza and sipped slowly at my coffee. My hand was trembling from the anticipation of going into the cemetery late at night. The thought had crossed my mind that the guys who told me about this old Italian tradition were playing a big joke on me, but there was also a chance they were telling the truth.

It was eleven o'clock, not very late by local standards. People in Italy are typically just finishing dinner at this time, but I couldn't make myself wait any longer.

I left my table and walked towards the church. My legs felt stiff and mechanical as I walked. I crossed one street and then another before I found myself standing next to the fifteen foot tall stone wall that surrounded the cemetery. 

"One block to go," I muttered to myself. 

I walked down the ancient sidewalk that ran next to the cemetery wall and eventually spotted the entrance. At about fifty feet away I stopped. The entrance was lit by a dim light that marked the opening in the wall that allowed visitors to come and go at any time.

I stood there in the shadows for a long time watching the entrance but I never saw anyone go in or come out. I started to move toward the entrance but a movement from across the street caught my attention. 

It was a woman crossing the street. It was dark and she was wearing a long thin coat, but I could tell she was around five foot four and slender. She quickly crossed the street and walked directly into the cemetery. I caught only a momentary glimpse of the side of her face. Not enough to really know much about what she looked like, but enough to know she looked in her mid twenties, had dark hair and possessed typical Italian features.

I waited for a few moments before going into the cemetery, once inside I quickly moved to the back wall and positioned myself close to the wall and stood in its shadow.

As my eyes adjusted to the light I began to make out the shapes of other people in the cemetery. There were people walking around, there were couples scattered here and there kissing, and finally I spotted the short stone fence that they told me about.

I saw two women leaning against the top of the wall just as it had been described to me. Each of the women had a man behind them pumping their cocks vigorously in and out of them. There were other men milling around nearby, apparently waiting their turn.

I stood there in the shadows silently watching the two women at the wall as the men behind them finished and new men took their place. I also noticed other couples having sex on the grass; others were having sex on the top of large marble slabs that marked the ancient graves of the rich and influential of a bygone era.

I searched for the woman wearing the long coat who entered the cemetery just before me but I couldn't see her. Most of the women there wore short skirts and blouses. I continued watching the two women at the fence. The show was quite a turn on. I counted as each woman had four men each, before one of them stood up from the wall and lit a cigarette. She didn't stand there long before another woman walked up to the fence and took her place. A man immediately positioned himself behind her and entered her. This was better than any porn film I ever saw.

The woman who was standing there smoking watched them for awhile until a man approached her and they began talking. When the woman finished her smoke she squatted down and began sucking his cock. I couldn't see much detail because it was so dark but the sight of everything gave me a raging hard on. 

I felt pretty secure from my observation point in the shadows. But still I first looked around to see if anyone was near me before pulling my cock out. I began to stroke it as I watched all of the sex that was happening in the cemetery.

I was about to cum when the distant glow of a cigarette off to my right made me freeze. My eyes strained as I searched the shadows trying to find where it came from. 

Eventually I saw a movement in the shadows along the wall about a hundred feet away from me. There was the woman I saw enter the cemetery standing in a corner. From the glow of her cigarette she seemed to have her back turned to me, but she was clearly watching the people in the cemetery.

A sudden burst of excitement overcame me. I realized that I didn't want to be one of the men who would take his turn with the women at the wall and maybe get sloppy sixths. I wanted to be with the woman I saw enter the cemetery before me.

I slowly moved along the shadows toward her. As I got closer, I could make out more of her outline. About ten feet behind her I stopped. I could hear her breathing. It was shallow and erratic. It sounded like she was having sex and was getting close to a climax. I looked harder to see if anyone was with her but as I moved a little closer I could see that she was alone.

I moved to within about five feet behind her, close enough to smell her perfume. She had one hand against the wall holding her cigarette between her fingers. Her other hand was reaching down between her legs and was masturbating herself. She muttered something in Italian to herself, but I couldn't make out what she said.

I stood there stroking my cock as I watched her getting closer to her climax. She looked over at the women at the wall. There were three women now leaning against the wall. She continued watching the women receiving men into their waiting pussies. I saw her body tremble as her orgasm washed over her. I knew this was the time to move in and catch her while her head was awash in the afterglow of her orgasm.

I stepped forward and reached my hand around her, covering her mouth. I didn't want her to be startled and scream. T he second my hand covered her mouth she froze.

I spoke to her in Italian, "Bona Serra," Good evening I said to her.

I continued speaking to her in Italian. I was pretty good at speaking the language but I knew that if I said too much she would know I wasn't an Italian.

I reached my other hand around and placed it on her belly, "Is there a baby in here?" I whispered to her.

"No," She replied softly. 

I could feel her relax slightly as I moved my lips closer to her ear, "Do you want a baby in here?" I pressed my hand against her belly a little more.

"Yes," She said, leaning back against me slightly.

"Ask me," I whispered to her.

She put her other hand on the wall and pressed her ass back against me, "Will you give me a baby?" She asked, speaking softly.

I pushed her coat to the side and lifted her dress up over her hips, exposing her bare bottom to me. I reached my hand between her legs and felt the opening of her pussy. It was dripping wet from her masturbation and climax.

She spread her legs to give me easier access to her wet hole. I slid my thumb into her pussy and used my index finger to massage her clit. Her body began to writhe and she began to moan softly.

I looked over to the women at the rail, "Do you like the show?" I spoke softly in her ear.

She hesitated for a moment before answering, "Yes," She answered nervously.

"Have you ever done that"? I asked as my finger gently massaged her clit.

She took another drag from her cigarette and put it out before answering, "No."

"But you wanted to," I continued.

She turned her head to look at me, "I was too afraid," She replied.

"Are you ready for my seed?" I asked her.

"I am ready," She replied.

I leaned in and kissed her on the cheek before bending her forward and sliding my cock into her. Her pussy was very wet as I slid into her. It felt so smooth and warm as my cock pushed deeper into her. Her pussy was tight but it yielded to me easily as I slid the last bit of my cock into her.

I put one hand on her shoulder and the other on her hip as I slowly began pumping my cock in and out of her.

She put both hands against the wall to brace herself as I continued pumping more forcefully. Her breathing grew much quicker and she began to moan louder as I pumped harder. 

"Tell me you want my baby," I told her.

"Yes. I want your baby. Please give me your baby," She moaned.

That was all I could stand, I was so excited that my cock began shooting streams of my cum into her soft, warm womb. The way it felt to me it was a very big load, because my cock continued pumping my seed into her for a long time.

I heard her sobbing slightly so I pulled her body up against mine, "Are you sad?" I asked.

"No, I am very happy. I have been wanting this for a long time," She leaned her head back against my chest and wiped her tears from her cheeks.

She took my hand, pulled it to her mouth and kissed it, "Thank you for my baby," She said.

I stood there holding her close to me, wondering for a moment if she thought I had been sent by the saints. I didn't want to let her go but she said that she had to go.

"This is for you," I said as I handed her one of the cards that I made.

"You are an American?" She said as she read my card.

I was busted. I forgot to print the card in Italian. I felt my body freeze. "You're Italian is very good," she said to me in English.

She moved my hand down to her breast "Would you like more of me?" She asked.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

She pulled away from me and took my hand in hers, "Come with me," She said.

She led me out of the cemetery and took me to her apartment. We entered without turning on any lights. Once inside she removed her coat and tossed it on a chair.

"Make yourself comfortable," She told me.

I watched as she lit a cigarette and stood next to her bed looking at me, dressed only in a short dress, "Will you stay with me tonight?" She asked.

"Yes," I replied, not fully understanding her intentions.

"Then why don't you relax and take your clothes off," She said as she slid her dress off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor.

I took off my clothes but I couldn't take my eyes off her as she stood there. I could see the silhouette of her naked body as she smoked her cigarette in the darkness. She was so beautiful; I began to wonder if the saints from the cemetery had sent her to me.

I got into her bed as she finished her cigarette and she climbed in next to me. 

"I like the way that you are with a woman," She said, as she kissed me on my chest. 

She moved up on top of me and kissed me deeply. Her kiss was both erotic and loving at the same time.

"I want to make sure," She told me as our lips parted.

"Sure of what?" I asked.

She slid back down and without effort slid my cock into her. She kissed my chest again before sitting up on top of me. She slowly began grinding her hips as she rode me.

"Sure that I am pregnant," She said.

In the dim light, I could see her body; it was perfectly shaped and exquisitely feminine. She had beautiful breasts that stood out proudly as she moved her hips back and forth.

"Do you like me?" She asked.

Her question caught me off guard, "How can anyone not like you," I said.

"I like you," She said. She let out a loud moan as her hips ground harder against me. "I like you very much," She said.

Her body began to tremble. As her climax washed over her I shot another load of my seed deep into her. We ended up with our bodies held tightly together, our arms wrapped around each other.

The next morning she woke before me and kissed me softly on my lips. I woke up and pulled her back to me for another kiss.

"I have to go to work," She said.

"So do I," I told her.

She slid down under the sheets without a word and put my cock into her mouth. She sucked me into her mouth and slowly pumped it with her hand until it was hard. She slid back up to me and pulled me on top of her, lining my cock up to her pussy without using her hands.

"One more time," She whispered to me seductively.

I flew to Munich a few days later, and then back home. When I got home I had an e-mail from her waiting for me. Her message said only, "Thank you."

I immediately wrote back, "I want to see you again.

After several weeks of trying I got no reply from her.

On my next trip back to Rome, I went to see her but her apartment was vacant.

After several months passed, I received an e-mail from her. It only said, "Bravo" (Well done).

Attached to the e-mail was a photo titled "Our baby". It was an ultrasound image of a baby still in the mother's womb.

I quickly E-mailed her again. I pleaded with her to let me see her again. Much to my surprise she sent me a reply saying, "Meet me at the cemetery at the next full moon."

I frantically searched the news paper to see when the next full moon was due, then made reservations to fly to Rome a few days earlier. I took a side trip to Florence and made it to Rome in time to have coffee in Republic square before going to the cemetery.

I was nervous and excited, sitting there at a sidewalk café in Republic Square. Being there brought back memories of that night in the cemetery six months ago.

It was spring time back then. The nights had a slight chill in the air. Springtime in nature is the time for renewal. The rains come in the spring in Italy, and life springs forth fresh and new once again. 

"It was also the time for making babies," I mused to myself.

Now it was the beginning of autumn and the nights are much warmer. The days are still very warm, but Italians are only allowed by law to use air conditioning from June through September. The warm air hangs inside their homes at night making everyone escape to the outside until the late hours of the night.

I looked at my watch and finished my coffee. It was time to go to the cemetery. 

I arrived at the cemetery gate and continued inside without hesitation. The full moon hung low in the eastern horizon but still provided ample illumination to light the cemetery. I moved to the back wall, to the place where I stood in the shadows the night we met. There were no shadows that night. The full moon lit every corner of the cemetery. 

My eyes adjusted quickly to the moonlight. Not much had changed from the last time I stood there and watched. There were several couples scattered around the cemetery embracing, kissing, and having sex. Several women were scattered along the short stone fence in the center of the cemetery. Men were standing behind them busily pumping their cocks in and out of their anonymous partners. Other men were milling around a few yards behind them, each waiting their turn.

My eyes frantically searched for the woman I met there, but I couldn't find her. Hell I thought to myself, I don't even know her name.

I waited for a long time, watching for any sign of her, but she was not there.

I began watching the women at the fence. One of them was enjoying a loud climax. She could easily be heard across the cemetery.

A voice came from my left, "Are you enjoying the show?"

I turned quickly, startled by the voice. It was her. She had somehow entered the cemetery without my seeing her and walked up to me without my noticing.

"How was it possible for her to come so far across the cemetery without my seeing her," I thought to myself.

Without a word I took her into my arms and held her tight, "I have missed you so much," I told her.

I felt her bulging belly pressing against me. There was a child in there I thought, our child. I put my hands on her shoulders and pushed her back to arm's length. The bulge in her stomach was obvious.

"You did well," She said.

"I can't take all the credit. You took part in it too," I said, smiling at her.

I looked around and another thought crossed my mind, "Why have us meet here? Aren't you afraid someone might try to have sex with you?"

She laughed at me, "Italian men would never touch a pregnant woman in such a way. It would curse them," She said.

"Okay, but why here, and why on a full moon?" I asked, somewhat confused.

"Do you know why I was here that night we met?" She asked.

"Not exactly," I replied, feeling a little embarrassed.

"But you know about the old Roman tradition," She said.

I stammered a bit before answering her, "Yes," I felt even more embarrassed now.

"But do you know all of it?" She asked.

"I know that women have been coming here for many generations, to pray and get pregnant," I told her.

"That's not the only thing," She said, "It is also said that a love that is consummated here under a full moon will last forever."

My heart jumped. It was beating so hard I thought it would surely tear its way out of my chest.

"I had to be sure about you," She continued.

"Sure about what?" I asked.

"I had to be sure about what was in your heart. Because you continued to try to see me again, even after you knew I was pregnant, told me that you wanted more than just sex in a cemetery. You see, I had to be sure," she said.
