 This is my first piece on Literotica although I have written many other pieces, mostly involving the character, Nick. I know that this is quite long but I feel that it is worth taking the time to allow the story to unfold. I hope that you enjoy reading it.

-------

Nick is an English guy in his forties, a confirmed bachelor and womaniser. He loves his varied sex life – and his many lady friends love it too. 

Nick was looking at his sex souvenir collection again as he added Zoe's tiny bra and panties to it. Zoe had left them with him after their first sexual encounter as a gift to mark that first time. Before he closed the drawer, he picked up some of the little Perspex boxes he stored there. Each contained a tuft of pubic hair and was labelled with a name and date. He looked at a few of the names. Nick always tried to persuade every one of his bed partners to allow him to take a snip of their intimate body hair. One such box quickly brought back some interesting memories as he read the label. The name on the box was Sarah and the date was around five years ago.



Nick had first known Sarah from a business that he had an involvement in. She had worked there as a senior PA. Aged, thirty-something, she was attractive, perhaps pretty more that wholly attractive, slim, small breasts, great ass and good legs. Her hair was blonde but that was bottle blonde as he knew for sure. Sarah had left the business after a prolonged absence and Nick never knew where she went from there. The other girls at the business, who had all been friends of Sarah's used to say that she was the oldest virgin in town, likely to be returned un-opened, they joked. It seems that Sarah was very dedicated to her parents and rarely bothered with men friends.

A couple of years had passed since Nick had last seen her and purely by chance, they met in the street. He recognised her immediately and she him. They stopped to talk, both quite pleased to see the other. The usual catch up topics were dealt with, how everyone was and who was doing what now, then Nick asked Sarah where she was working. She had gone to a business not far away and was happy there. Nick, being a bit taller than Sarah, was able to look down at her chest. He realised that Sarah was showing more exposed flesh than he ever remembered before. He could see a reasonable indication of the size of her breasts. He could just see the start of her pure white skin tone, where the sun tan stopped. His mind immediately speculated as to what had changed in her way of presenting herself.  

As they began to wind up the conversation, Sarah suddenly said "Nick, would you like to go out for dinner sometime? I'd like to take you for dinner – old time's sake, if you like. We could have a better catch up." Slightly surprised, but flattered and not expecting anything to come from it but a meal, he happily agreed. 

They met at a nice restaurant one mid-week night. Nick took this to mean that it was not really a date, more like two friends meeting for a meal. Sarah looked very smart in her dark blue dress and Nick noticed the extra view of her breasts was there again. Over dinner, the talk was about the old place and people and then it graduated to travel. Sarah bemoaned her fate of being a lone traveller and what that entails. She sometimes went away with a girl friend but found it didn't always go well. Two independent female minds didn't always travel well together, she told Nick. "I'm planning a long weekend away soon – a city break to Rome. I suppose it'll be on my own." 

She told Nick the planned itinerary and sites to be seen and he genuinely enthused about her choice. "I've never been there. It sounds fascinating. You'll have a great time. Watch out for those Italian men, though." She looked at him questioningly and he explained how the Italians in Rome are renowned for bum pinching and the odd grope. 

She looked at him, eyes wide in mock shock. "Hey Nick, I don't suppose you'd think about coming with me, would you? Just platonic, of course, separate rooms. You'd get to see Rome and you'd protect me from those naughty men." 

He was about to decline as a matter of course and then something made him consider it more. "You know, if your serious, I might just do that." Sarah seemed excited. They concluded the evening saying that the trip was on and Sarah would plan and book it all. Nick would pay his way after she had it all set up.

Sarah looked lovely when they met for the journey to the airport. Her outfit highlighted a sexy figure and once again, breasts were quite prominent. Nick was surprised once more by the style change in Sarah compared to the old days. The flight was good and on time so they were soon checking in to the hotel. Sarah went to reception to do the check-in and seemed to take a few minutes so Nick looked around the lobby. She re-joined him. She was flustered and red in the face. "Oh Nick, there's been a mix up and they've put us in one room. There's no more rooms available. I'm so sorry. At least there are twin beds. Are you okay with that?" 

He smiled, wondering briefly what it might lead to, but he was gallant. "More important, are you okay with it? Shall I find another hotel?" 

She wouldn't hear of that. "No, we need to be together. I'm sure I'll be fine. We're both mature adults. We'll make the best of it, won't we."

They went up to the room. It was quite large and both beds were queen size. The bathroom was large too with a separate shower and bath as well as twin sinks in the vanity unit. Sarah seemed excited with the room despite the mix up with the booking. They unpacked, changed clothes with one using the bathroom while the other changed in the bedroom and they set of for the first bout of site-seeing. They changed again before going out to dinner. The chosen restaurant had some open air tables and, as the temperature was perfect, they sat outside. Nick chose a good white wine and was pleasantly surprised by how much Sarah liked it – and how much she drank. 

The conversation was very varied but well into the bottle of wine Sarah had become emboldened enough to ask Nick some personal questions. "So Nick, what is your philosophy in life? How do you plan things with the ladies? You never seem to have a regular lady on your arm, do you – but you always have a lady on your arm!" 

He grinned at her. "Well Sarah, I don't have a regular lady friend, I have a few. And each of them has their idea of what they want from me – but they know from the beginning where they stand. There's no commitment on offer or to be worked towards." 

Sarah drained her glass and Nick suggested that they have a glass of red wine each. She agreed and then asked him for some more details of his ways with the ladies. "So, they know that you don't want to settle down. So what do they get then?" 

Nick wondered how much to impart. He decided to be open but brief. "Some want an occasional date – dinner or cinema or drinks. Some want those things and then back to my place. Some just want to meet me at my place." 

His companion weighed up his words. "And by 'back to your place' you mean ......?" 

He decided to be blunt. "I mean that we go to bed for sex!" Sarah nodded sagely, leaving Nick to wonder what she was imagining. 

"So, some just meet up with you for sex then?" she asked, not sure what such a woman must be like. 

"Well, yes! They have their other needs sorted. They like sex with me from time to time. I like it too so we spend a couple of hours in bed." Her face could not disguise her surprise at the duration. 

"A couple of hours! Really?" Enjoyment was creeping into Nick's side of the conversation. 

"Oh easily, sometimes three! Sometimes they stay over which means that the morning can be fun too!" Sarah seemed to be a little shocked by his answers. 

"I can see that there is a lot about life that I don't know, Nick, not yet anyway." Her last few words intrigued him now. They had coffee and a liqueur before walking back to the hotel. Sarah held his hand as they meandered slowly.

Back in the bedroom, they talked about the plans for the next day. Awkwardly, Sarah sorted herself out for bed, emerging from the bathroom in a very long nightie which was high on her neck and touched her feet. Nick realised that she was keen to be covered in the bedroom, not like her displays of cleavage in public. Not expecting to be sharing a room, he had not brought pyjamas. He admitted as much to Sarah, adding that he would sleep in his boxers. It was warm in the room and they both thought that only a sheet would be needed as a cover.

They each took to their bed and the lights were put out. Sarah talked into the dark to him. "The ladies come back for more, or so I take it from the way you described them?" she asked. 

"Well yes, they do. Some fizzle out, some stay involved, occasionally a new one comes along." he told her. She stared at the ceiling. 

"So it sounds like they get what they need – from you. You know, in bed." He looked over to her, making out her face in profile in the darkened room. 

"We have good times, I can't deny it. Why else would we do it." He drifted off to sleep whereas Sarah lay awake for a while thinking.

Sarah woke first. It was still very early, just before six. The room was lit only by the sunshine seeping around the edges of the curtains. She looked across at Nick, fast asleep with his back to her. She decided to go to the bathroom to pee. Tip-toeing, she slipped past him and pushed the bathroom door to, but it did not click shut. She tried to pee quietly, not wanting Nick to hear her. She did not flush the toilet so that everything stayed quiet. Slowly returning to her bed, she looked at Nick. He had not moved but to her surprise, she now saw from this view that his boxers were pushed part way down. The sheet was only partially covering him and he was exposed to her. He was sporting a huge morning erection, very hard and proud. 

Sarah gasped as she took in what she now saw. She had never seen an erect penis. She had actually never seen an adult penis at all except in a film which was too risqué for her really. Now though, there was a hard one just a few short feet from her. She was fascinated. As she gazed, a crazy idea came into her mind. Softly she called "Nick, are you awake?" He didn't respond. She repeated her call out to him, still getting nothing in return. Now Sarah moved slowly towards his bedside. In the gloom she reached out and holding thumb and forefinger apart, she placed them each side of his shaft. Slowly she closed them until they touched him. As both touched, she gently pressed, amazed at the solidity of her newfound phenomenon. The rigidity, the stiffness surprised her – and she realised it thrilled her too. Her best comparison was a flexed muscle but this felt harder than that. Her free hand pressed onto her nightdress and onto her mound. She felt her bush through the thin fabric but noticed more the tingle it gave her within her pussy. Her hold of his cock was softly released and she moved to his swollen knob. She gently touched it with her finger tip and moved her finger slowly. She just detected it swell in reaction and Nick drew breath quite obviously. She moved silently back to her bed. 

Nick's eyes were slowly opening. He remembered where he was, who he was with. He felt coolness affecting parts of his body and looked down himself, seeing his proud cock displayed like some sort of weapon. His hand pulled the sheet over it but then he held himself, pleased by the strength of his morning horn.  

A full day of site-seeing included an idyllic lunch at a hillside restaurant overlooking the city. Vines grew over trellises that the tables were placed amongst. They took a long time over their meal and occasionally Sarah strayed into the subject of Nick's lifestyle. "It must be nice for your lady friends, Nick, having time with you and – well – getting you to look after them in the way they need." 

He reached for her hand that lay on the table. "They seem to like it. I always try to find out what they need and then I try to give it to them." 

She quickly blurted a response that gave an insight into her thoughts. "Well, three hours of sex sounds like you're giving them something they want!" They both spluttered into laughter at her remark and Nick felt her grip his hand quite affectionately. 

During the afternoon, they quite often held hands and occasionally, Sarah put her arm around his waist. He took opportunities to look into her cleavage, quite taken by her small but attractive breasts. 

Back at the hotel, they changed before going out for dinner. Nick noticed that Sarah was less coy when he emerged from the bathroom before she had her blouse on. She hardly bothered that he saw her in her bra for a few moments. The bra was more revealing than others she had worn, with more cleavage to delight him.  

It was another lovely meal in a romantic setting. They talked intently, with Sarah confiding that she was thinking of making a few changes to her life. She did not spell out quite what she had in mind and he did not push her but she admitted that perhaps she had waited too long for some things to happen. They walked around the city after dinner, stopping for a drink at a couple of different bars. Now they were nearly always walking with arms around each other. In the lift up to their hotel room, Sarah suddenly kissed Nick quite passionately although their tongues stayed at home. "That's just to say 'Thank you' for a lovely evening, Nick. It was wonderful. And talking to you does me good. I like to get your thoughts on things." Nick wondered what he had said that was of use to Sarah. 

In the bedroom, Sarah stripped to bra and panties – sensible panties, of course, in front of Nick, before putting her nightie on over them. Nick subtly watched, using mirrors and head movements to weigh up her semi-naked body. She looked good to him but he still had no ideas of making a move. In the bathroom, Sarah removed the bra and her panties. They talked in the dark again, with Sarah getting a little more inquisitive knowing that he could not see if she blushed. 

"So your ladies are quite happy to just see you for sex. They're not in love with you, they just need sex with you. Is that how it works?" He told her that it was pretty much how it works. 

"Obviously we like one another enough to get naked together and do stuff but I suppose it is recreational sex, not love affair sex. We do it for the pleasure." She heard his words but paused, thinking before replying 

"Then the pleasure must be pretty special for them – and you, of course." Nick realised he must be careful with his answer. 

"Well, it is for me – and if I dare say it, I don't get any complaints!" he replied.



Sarah grew more bold. "So you must be good at it then, the sex, I mean!" 

He smiled to himself. "I've nothing to compare it to. They might have – and they nearly all come back!" 

He heard her sigh and then she said "Goodnight, Nick. Sweet dreams." He pulled his boxers off for comfort and dropped them on the floor between their beds. He fell asleep quite quickly again.

It was less than an hour later that Nick felt his bed make the sort of moves that another person causes when getting in. It was just that. Sarah was climbing in beside him. He wondered how to play it, deciding for the time being not to react. He felt Sarah settling beside him. He had his back to her. After a few minutes of stillness, he felt her turn towards him and her hand softly landed on his side, on his ribs. It slowly slid down his body to his hip where it stopped. Sarah pushed it over his hip onto his abdomen. Nick felt his cock stir in response. His mind raced. 'She wants to fuck!' he told himself. Her fingers gently searched, adding to his erection and then finding it. She used thumb and forefinger again and then her whole hand to hold it. 

Nick rolled towards her and she held on to her find. "Can I be of service?" he asked. 

"I think you can, Nick – but my problem is, I don't know how much service! I don't know if I'm one of those recreational sex people. But, Nick, if we did – how much of this would go in me?" 

He assured her that practically all of it would, thinking that might be what she wanted to hear. "Oh, really! All of it! Wow! And it is big, isn't it?" 

Nick replied, saying "Maybe, I'm not sure but I don't think I break any records." She went silent briefly. Nick moved onto his side, leaning towards her. He kissed her and slowly introduced his tongue. Hers nervously joined in the tongue dancing. Nick's hand slid over her nightie, touching contours of her body without getting to her sensitive parts. 

They kissed, he stroked, she still held his solid erection. He had pre-come dripping from it now. "Oh, I wish I knew what to do!" she quietly said to herself, well aware that between her legs she had become moist, very moist indeed by her rare experiences of arousal. . 

Nick let his hand stray onto her lovely enticing breasts, softly squeezing them through the fabric. He wondered if he dare get inside her nightie "That's nice!" she whispered to him, goading him to go further. 

"It'd be better still if there was no nightie in the way." He teased. She didn't immediately react. Then, after a few moments of serious debate in her own head, she let go of his cock and pulled the nightie up to her waist, then eased her bum off it to pull it higher still. Keeping herself under the sheet, Sarah pulled the nightie over her head and put it on the floor, still within her reach. Now, she was naked in bed with a naked man – for the first time in her life. 

Nick moved a hand to her bared breasts, caressing them both and toying with the nipples. Sarah was mesmerised by the thrill she got from it and how it added to the arousal between her legs. Still with her holding his hard cock, they kissed deeply again. Nick continued to knead her pert tits, impressed by their firmness. "You're right, it is better without my nightie in the way. 

Nick carefully drew his arm that he leant on to caress her breasts, freeing his other hand to roam south. He slid it over her ribs, her navel and her abdomen until he encountered her bush. It was, as he expected, quite a full bush. He guessed that she only cut back the edges when they went too far. Sarah gasped as he placed his hand on her mound. She groaned "Ooooh! Is this right? Should I be doing this?" 

Nick tried to encourage her by saying "See how you feel in a moment." Then he found her clitoris, quite large and certainly hard. He circled it with a finger tip. 

He heard Sarah say "Oh, that's nice – very nice!" After some more moments on her clit, he found her pussy lips with a quiff of pubes adorning each of them. Proceeding carefully, his fingers found their way to part her lips and push into her. She was drenched inside, her pussy would have leaked onto the bed, she was so wet. He heard another groan as his fingers pushed deep into her. He could not know but Sarah had ceased masturbating in her late teens. She now only rarely touched herself for pleasure and never took it to orgasm. Yet right now, this man, this friend had his fingers in her pussy and he might try to do more than that. 

He decided to use another technique to arouse Sarah before attempting to enter her with his cock. Asking her if she was okay and getting rapid nods, he pulled his hand from her and began to move under the sheet. "What – what are you doing Nick?" she gasped. 

"I'm going to lick you!" he told her.

He heard her hiss "What?"

He stroked her breasts and said "I'm going to lick you, do cunnilingus on you, taste you, be very intimate with you!" 

She was panting with excitement. "Oh, I'm not sure!" she uttered in her aroused naïve confusion. 

"Try it! Let me show you!" he offered. 
