 Ethan stepped out of the elevator and looked down the hallway. He knew he had the right floor, but now he had to remember which room she lived in. Was it 419 or 491?

He started down the hallway to his right, checking the numbers on the doors as he went. The first door was 408. The next door, across the hall, was 409. Ethan continued down the hall, pretty sure Pam had said it was 419.

He rounded the corner and found 419, but he still wasn't sure he had the right place. He cleared his throat and knocked anyway. He heard a woman's faint voice from inside, but didn't hear what she said.

A moment later, the door a small crack and a young lady, wearing a robe and a towel wrapped in a turban on her head, looked out at Ethan.

"Yeah?" she said, eyeing him cautiously.

"Is Donna here?" Ethan asked.

"Who are you?"

"I'm Ethan." 

She looked confused for a moment.

"Pam's brother," he continued.

Her eyes quickly lit up with recognition.

"Oh. Ok," she said. She opened the door and let him in. "Donna. Someone here to see you."

Ethan stepped inside and looked around the corner. Donna came toward him from around the kitchen counter, wearing nothing but silky panties and a short, cutoff t-shirt, her long, dark hair hanging down to her shoulders and over her eyes. As she walked, her breasts jiggled under the snug t-shirt. The sexy panties accented her slender waist and the sensuous curve of her hips. Her eyes lit up and she smiled.

"Ethan," she cried, and ran into his arms.

Ethan wrapped his arms around her and squeezed her tight.

"You look fantastic," he whispered in her ear.

He put his hands on her waist. Her skin was smoother than velvet.

"I missed you," she said.

"You did?"

"Yes. Too much." Donna looked at her roommate, standing behind him. "Ethan, this is Sue."

"Hi," he said. He held out his hand.

"How do you do?" Sue said, and shook his hand.

Donna grabbed his hand and pulled him toward the sofa.

"Come on. Sit down and talk to me."

"You don't have to be anywhere, do you?" Ethan said.

"No. I don't have any classes on Wednesdays."

He sat on the sofa and Donna sat on his lap. His hand dropped to her thigh and her hand dropped to his chest. She lowered her face to his and her hair draped over his head, hiding them under a dark tent of fine silk. She kissed him.

He held her hip in one hand, and reached up for her soft, round breast with his other. She arched her back as his hand slipped under her t-shirt and closed around her breast. Her nipples grew hard under his fingers. She moaned and met his tongue with her tongue in her open mouth.

Donna twisted and spread her legs over his lap, straddling his hips with her knees. Her warm crotch pressed against the hard lump in the front of his jeans.

Sue walked into the room, still wearing the robe, but without the towel around her head. She stopped and watched Donna and Ethan pawing each other on the sofa, right in front of the window.

"You guys could go to your room if you're going to do that," she said, her hand on her hip.

Donna looked back over her shoulder.

"Sorry," she said.

Sue went to the kitchen shaking her head.

Donna looked down at Ethan through the mass of dark hair hanging in front of her face.

"I'll show you my room. You'll love it. It's real cool."

"Great."

She climbed off his lap and walked in front of him down the hall. Ethan couldn't keep his eyes off her gorgeous ass shaking in her snug panties as she walked. She opened the last door down the short hall.

"This is it," she said.

Ethan went in and she closed the door behind them.

"This is great," he said.

Her room was decorated like a psychedelic den. Florescent posters covered the walls and black lights hung over them. The doorway to the closet was covered by hanging beads, and the air smelled of powerful incense. Donna's white tank top and panties glowed in a radioactive purple.

"Look at this," Donna said.

She held out a small wooden box.

"I remember that," Ethan said, carefully lifting the box from her hands.

He opened it and a soft, tinkling music sang from inside like a gentle summer rain.

"I can't believe you still have this."

"I'm never going to lose this. This was the sweetest thing anyone ever gave me."

They looked at each other. The dim, purple light sparkled mysteriously in her eyes. They leaned toward each other with their eyes closed and kissed. He laid his hand across her ass. She sighed. He squeezed her firm flesh.

Donna slipped her hand into the waistband of his pants.

"Let's get it on," she whispered.

She led him to the bed and sat him on the edge. She stood in front of him, looking down at him through her hair. The tank top clung to her breasts and her hard nipples pointed through the thin fabric. Her breasts held the rest of the tank top away from her body. It draped down over her belly like a curtain concealing a secret surprise.

Ethan put his hands on her hips and felt her firm, warm flesh throbbing in his grip. He licked his lips. She straddled his knee and crouched to rub her pussy on his thigh. His cock stood out against his leg in his jeans. She stroked the hard ridge with the inside of her thigh.

He lifted the bottom edge of her tank top, stuck out his tongue, and licked her bellybutton. Donna flinched. She put her hands on his shoulders and ground her hips in a circle. He raised his leg a little to press it against her hot mound. She moaned and laid her head back.

"Oh yeah," she sighed.

Ethan hooked his fingers over the waist of her panties and pulled them down. They slipped down to her ankles and she stepped out of them, lifting each delicate leg.

He put his hand between her legs and felt around the warm, dark area. His middle finger slipped into her wet pussy. She stood very still, holding her breath while he explored. Her legs were spread and she groaned when his strong finger pushed deeper and deeper, poking around her insides.

He pulled his finger out and stuck it in his mouth.

"Mmm. Bananas," he said.

He laughed. Donna smirked and pushed him back. He laid back on the bed, laughing. She stood over him, her hands on her hips, one of her legs between his, with a look on her face like she was going to get him for that.

His cock stood up in the leg of his pants like the barrel of a cannon. It reached almost to his knee. She put her hand on it and rubbed. He leaned up on his elbows to watch. His legs trembled and his mouth hung open.

"God you're so hard. My pussy's so wet," she said.

She had a sexy smile that made her whole face glow. She unbuttoned his jeans and tugged them off. He raised his hips. She lifted each foot and pulled the jeans all the way off, throwing them across her room.

She crawled on top of him, straddling him. He ran his hands down her back to her ass. She ground her mound on his cock. She sat up and pulled off her t-shirt. He squeezed her boobs. She smiled, arching her back like a cat having its belly scratched. She opened his shirt a button at a time and squeezed his tight muscles, running her fingers over his shoulders, chest, stomach.

"I missed you," he said.

"I know. How come you never called me?"

"I don't know."

She wrapped her fingers around his cock. Her boobs squeezed together between her arms.

"I missed your cock so much."

It stood straight up between her thighs, rubbing the front of her panties. She pressed her warm mound to the hard shaft as she stroked it in her small hand, and the burning head touched her soft belly, just under her shirt.

"It's so beautiful," she said.

She touched the hole with her fingertip, grinning at him, her tongue stuck out between her teeth.

She crawled up the bed a little, her tits dangling just above his face, and gazed into his eyes as she lowered herself on him. His cock touched her lips and forced her pussy open and slid into her body.

"Oh fuck," she moaned. She pumped slowly, moving her hips up and down. "It's so good to feel you inside me again," she whispered.

He stared into her eyes. She stared back, with a happy smile. He held her hips in both hands, kneading her flesh as she rose and fell on his cock.

"I love your body. I love your cock, Ethan. I love what it does to me."

He rolled her on her back and she squealed. She hooked her legs around him, smiling up at him, her arms out to the side on the bed like a graceful bird with her wings spread. He pulled his hips back and slammed into her as hard as he could, burying his cock so deep he thought it might never come out.

She groaned and wrapped her arms around him, holding on tight for the ride. She rocked with his deep plunges and grunted out loud each time he slammed his cock into her.

He was driving into her like a bull on a rampage. Donna's eyes rolled closed and her breath was short. She thrashed, screaming, her body jerking and twisting under him. His come squirted into her and gushed out of her pussy along the sides of his cock and she nearly passed out.

"No one ever fucked me like that. No one fucks as good as you," she said, panting.

She cuddled close to him and kissed his shoulder.