 The beep of your mobile alerts you to the arrival of a text. "Room 29, 1pm."

That rush of arousal surges through you, the anticipation, the longing. 

The door of the hotel room opening as I arrive first, the rapid shedding of clothes, the pulling back of the bedclothes, knowing that any second you could enter. The nervous excitement, the biting of lower lip, running my hands through my hair, trying to settle myself on the bed, so the first thing you see is me, waiting for you. Draping the sheet around myself, nipples pressed tight against the white cotton. Hand slipping beneath, brushing against the mound of my pussy, relaxing back so my hair spills across the pillow, a deep breath and I'm ready. 

I glance up as the door opens, and there you are. 

"Will we have long enough?" I wonder. 

It never feels like we do, always hungry for more. You step further into the room as I push the sheet down over my body, kicking it away with my feet, lying naked before you. My hands trailing over my curves, cupping my tits, sliding over my stomach and slipping between parted thighs. You watch every move of my hands, every brush of my fingers, your gazed fixed on my pussy as I softly part the lips allowing you to see the glistening folds within. That's when you shrug off your jacket, fingers plucking at the buttons of your shirt. I climb off the bed, coming to stand in front of you, hands eager to help. Grasping my face, you raise my lips for a long, deep kiss, before pushing me back onto the bed and dropping to your knees, still partially clothed.  

That gasp at the first contact of your tongue, lapping at my pussy, swirling around the hard bud of my clit. Tasting me, probing my wetness. My fingers sliding into your hair, pulling your tongue deeper, feeling your muffled moans against my skin, the tip of your tongue teasing my clit. I hear you continue to pull at your clothes as you hungrily lick and suck every inch of my delicate, dripping cunt. You make me so wet, so hot, as I rub myself against you. Your tongue centres on my clit as you push two fingers into my cunt and I fill your ears with the sounds of my moans. The fingers inside me thrust deeper, as your lips take my clit and you suck my sensitive flesh into your mouth. And I'm lost completely in what you do to me, every nerve on fire, that dull ache that starts so deep inside. Rolling a nipple between finger and thumb, my arse lifting off the bed, pressing myself tight against you, your teeth grazing my clit as you suck.......and that's when I can't stop, my whole body tensing, heels digging into the bed, hands gripping tightly as I explode over your tongue. My body trembling as I feel you draw back, holding my cunt open so you can see the spasms, gaze as the juices flow out of me. I feel your tongue lapping up my cum and each touch paints me with a tingling heat.

Rising, you shed the last of your clothing, your cock so hard and swollen and bend to kiss me, sharing my taste as your tongue dips into my mouth. 

"Turn over," you murmur against my lips. 

One last taste of me on you and I roll onto my stomach and raise myself onto hands and knees, looking back at you over my shoulder, as I arch my back, thrusting my arse into the air and exposing my soaking wet pussy. Hearing you groan as you move forwards, cock grasped in one hand, the other pressed into the small of my back. 

No teasing, as your cock head nudges my opening, your hips thrusting forwards and on a sigh you embed the entire length of your cock into my tightness. Looking towards the end of the bed I can see your cock thrusting in and out of my cunt in the mirror, meeting my gaze as you thrust deeper. Your eyes wandering over my body and fixing on my tits, as they bounce with each thrust. I feel your hand stroking up my body, cupping one of my tits and squeezing, pinching the nipple between your fingers. My response is to thrust back to meet you, hard and fast. I love the way you fill me, the way my cunt stretches around you, so tightly. My fingers stroking over my swollen clit as your cock pumps into me. Fuck, you go so deep and I need that, thrusting back, feeling your hands on my hips. My fingers deliberately brushing against your cock as I pleasure myself. I want to cum again, around your cock. 

The moans as we fuck each other, that musky smell of sex. Rubbing harder and faster as your pace increases. My cunt clenching tightly around your cock as my body shudders into another orgasm. As my pussy walls tighten I feel your cock swell, that groan as your cum spurts deep inside me, your hands holding me tightly as you buck against me. Stroke after stroke, spurt after spurt. I feel you shudder and know you are spent. 

Hand on my stomach, you pull me over so I lay nestled with my back against your chest, as those last shuddering breaths die away. I feel your cock starting to soften and turning quickly I capture it in my mouth, sucking mixed cum. We do taste delicious. 

"Next time, cum in my mouth."