 "Hi! I'm going to be in town for work this weekend. I was wondering if dinner would interest you? I know it's short notice."

I stared at the computer screen. There it was, right next to the picture of his still handsome face. The face I had imprinted into my memory 8 long years before, kept along with the cadence of his voice, the pattern of his breathing, the feel of his hands on my body. I shut the computer and stalked outside to the driveway, smoking quietly and looking up at the few stars revealed to me here in the city. The sky here is never black...only shades of blue or orange or purple.

I thought back to the dream. Unbidden, after so many years and so many miles, vivid, the smell of his skin as he held me close and explained, so carefully, the mysteries he knew of the same stars I now saw wheeling overhead. I have always considered myself a realist, never bought into the hoodoo bullshit of omens or pre-destiny. Even so, at that silent moment it was hard not to imagine as I crushed the cigarette dead beneath my heel that maybe I was caught up in something greater. After all, the stars were.

"All right! Dinner sounds great, but that's it. I'm working hard at being good these days. Saturday if you can. XOXO"

Goodness has never been my strong suit. To marry was the right choice, the good choice. I didn't suspect, in my naivety, that my blood would still sing when I smelled that clean, masculine scent. That the taste of sweat on a hot summer day would leave me so completely disarmed. But months had passed, and now I was good again, at what price and what pain, but good I was. 

And now him, oh dammit him! "Just dinner" I whispered to myself over and over as the steam from the bathtub hazed the air. Traitor hands slipped over my soapy thighs, reaching in to caress my most secret places. "Just dinner...", but my body betrayed me as my blood rose. She always tells the truth.

Dressing carefully. Skirt? Jeans? Another humid night, early summer in the south. A sundress then. The white linen, bridal, virginal even...I giggled to myself. My favorite belt with it's winding pattern of birds and trees and flowers. Silky mesh panties and bra, just enough trim of black lace to counteract the implied purity of the dress. As I slipped on my beaded sandles I wondered again what I was inviting on myself, what the stars meant. Why then to shave and trim and wash so carefully? To smooth perfumed lotion over every inch of my body, if it were only dinner? Fantasy, just for fantasy. Fantasy is good right?

I sang along to the song on the stereo as I applied my makeup, transforming an average face into one that I knew men (and a few women) looked more than once at. I eyed myself in the mirror. Beautiful? No. But striking maybe, and that would be enough. I flicked my short strawberry blonde hair a bit more to the side with my fingers, wished myself a silent word of good luck, and headed down the stairs to dinner. Just dinner.

The petite, smiling hostess opened the door for me and I felt the cool blast of air conditioning wash over me. It wasn't difficult to force a smile, to enjoy the loveliness of her glossy black hair, bright dark eyes. I allowed it to refocus my thoughts, to ease my nervousness. Loosen the clutch on my purse.

"I'm meeting a friend, I wonder if he is here yet?" I stammer.

"Oh, he is," she breathes in her lilting voice, her Spanish accent adding to her incredibly exotic appeal. She leans to me, confidentially, like a best girlfriend. "He told me he was expecting a beautiful blonde woman with a mouth made for kissing. I will bring you to his table Erin."

My cheeks burned as I looked at the other diners, she leading me along, her firm tiny ass twitching back and forth beneath the tailored black pants she wore. Blondes? Check. Every restaurant table in Charlotte boasts at least one blonde any day of the week. Beauty? At a place of this caliber (figure him to choose it, I knew he was doing well these days) all of the women under 50 were at least eights, and most of those over 50 as well. I licked my lips...that had to be the only clue. In this age of collagen injections and botox, the natural fullness of my mouth was as unique as the fine smile lines at the corners of my eyes, the soft sloping contours of my breasts, the pucker of skin at the base of my belly from my son.

She had stopped and I quickly raised my eyes from her ass, embarrassed to be caught. And there before me, the face of the man I had loved and loved, and left, and lost. He smiled at me, and I remembered the stars and thought to myself "25, oh god I was 25, he'll see. I'm not her anymore." 

Her hand reached out, steadying me silently as she took my elbow. "Is this your blonde, Alan?", she asked coyly, smiling.

"Oh yes, that's her." He reached to me, his hand sliding into mine, warm and gentle.

Once again, she favored us both with her brilliant smile. "Well then we are all well met, and I will see to my other guests. I truly hope you enjoy your evening." With a teasing wink she turned, her long hair swirling, leaving us with the click of her stiletto heels on the hardwood floor.

"Hello Erin"

"Hello Alan. I'm, oh shit, I'm so happy to see you."

One step and I was in his arms. I pressed my face into his shoulder as he held me close, his lips against my ear. "I'm happy to see you too." he whispered while I felt his heart beating against mine through the thin fabric of the black shirt he wore.

My eyes watered and I pulled back, not now, no not now.

"Um, I need a drink Alan." I said.

"Well sit then, and I will buy you as many drinks as you like." 

That smile again.

As the immaculate waiter came and left, I appraised him. What sun and time and motherhood had done to change me, time had changed him little. His hair still dark and full, mischievous eyes, strong body. So nervous, I shotgunned my first drink, another appearing at my elbow almost instantly. I laughed. "Five star service huh?" He laughed with me and I felt that odd feeling...what is it that they call it in french?

We talked and drank and ate. First of the weather, our jobs. Children, spouses, lovers. Who we were and who we were becoming and who we hoped someday to be.

"Looks like we're closing the place." he said, looking around. The hours had gone by too quickly, and it was time to go. Time...Oh fuck you time. Time to be good.

"Let me walk you out." His hand curved into the small of my back, electric touch.

"Thank you." I said as he led me to the door and the hot muggy night. Our lovely hostess stood near, chatting with an elegantly dressed couple as they left.

"Goodnight dear." she said to me, eyes flashing. Then, rising to her tiptoes, she spoke quietly to Alan. He grinned widely and kissed her cheek. I was instantly jealous. What had she whispered to him? To imagine after I was gone, to imagine her lithe brown body wrapped around his...too erotic...too much to bear. You had the pick of the litter honey, not him, not tonight, please? I noticed though that his hand never left my hip as we stepped outside.

"Over here." I said, turning the corner. As we did his hand left my back and grabbed my arm, stopping me and pulling me to him, pressing me until our bodies touched from knee to chest. He grasped my hips and pulled me closer to feel his erection against me.

"She told me to make love to you." he said, looking into my eyes. Then our lips touched, again and again, crushing together. My hands slid up from his waist over his stomach, strong shoulders, to wrap around his neck. On and on our lips and tongues met and parted, necking on the sidewalk like a couple of horny teenagers. 

"Get a room fuckers!" somebody called from a passing car. I smiled against him, and he chuckled, his hand sliding up my thigh under the hem of my dress to just touch with fingertips the lace edge of my panties. His other hand caressed my side, lifting to test the curve of my breast through the thin linen with a thumb. I slipped my fingers into the soft hair at the nape of his neck and traced my lips over the the line of his jaw, curve of his ear as his breath caught and fingers dug into my flesh.

Good, I was going to be so good." I breathed into his ear.

"Oh, you will be." he sighed, taking my hand and leading me, disarmed and willing, in the other direction. The direction that did not lead me home, but instead to his room. With every step I felt my stiff little clit rub against my panties, and it took all of my resolve not to push him into the next dark corner, to force him to do to me what I so wanted, so needed.

"Home sweet home." He said, as another door was opened for us. This time not by a sweet Latina beauty, but a tired eyed doorman in a deep blue suit.

"I'd imagine the elevator will be empty at this hour." I said coyly as we waited, and so it was. I smiled towards the camera that I knew some bored security guard was monitoring as he pressed me to the elevator wall, grinding against my ass. He spun me around and lifted my skirt, clearly enjoying the sight of my panties with the faint shadow of soft fur beneath the silk. His fingers slipped over my mound, testing the fullness of my lips and the erect clit at their top. He teased me with the lightest of touches as his mouth found my shoulder, groaning at the surge of wetness as my body readied itself for him.

The ding of the elevator door opening barely registered in our consciousness and a second too late we separated, turning to look into the faces of three young men, all dressed up to go out in their stripy going-out-to-get-laid shirts.

"Whoa! You're getting in dude! Fuck yeah!" Said the sandy haired one, the buzz clearly showing in his glassy eyes and florid cheeks.

"Yeah son, good luck getting your dick as wet as mine's about to be.", he said to him as we brushed past into the hall, leaving them laughing and punching their buddy into the closing doors.

I reached around him as he fumbled with the key card, tracing the shape of his cock through his jeans. As the door opened I thought we would fall, but he turned, still quick on his feet. Numbly I thought, "Special Ops...that's right." as I was slammed against the wall, his mouth devouring mine as I unzipped his jeans. The hot skin of his cock, the tip already wet with precum, felt alive in my hand. I dragged his shirt over his head as I stroked the length of his shaft, hearing his breath whining in his chest.

"Good. Yes, I'm going to be so good baby." I muttered as I dropped to my knees before him, letting him thrust into my mouth, wrapping my arms around his ass and pulling his hips closer to my face as his balls slapped my chin. I took him in shallow and deep, flicking my tongue over the round head of his dick while I sucked him. With one last long lick along the base I looked up into his half-lidded eyes and pushed him from me.

"I don't want you to come yet. You need to fuck me baby. Please?"

His hand cupped my chin as he forced himself back into my mouth for one more deep stroke, then withdrew and lifted me to my feet. His mouth found mine and his hands moved urgently over my body, pushing my dress off of my arms and down my hips to rustle on the floor, squeezing my tits through my bra. He dropped his head to one erect nipple and sucked through the fabric, tickling and pinching the other with thumb and forefinger.

I slid my panties off of my hips even as I moaned in his arms, begging with no words for him to take me, to make me cum and scream his name. I don't know if we walked to the bed or if he carried me. I was pushed down roughly, my panties binding my knees and my bra wet with his spit. I looked up to him, his chest heaving, stiff cock standing out in front of him, his eyes burning as they ran over me, taking stock of my body.

"Yes, you're beautiful Erin. Beautiful and sexy. The fucking fools.".

He pulled off my panties and brought them to his cheek, enjoying the softness of silk and the wetness that was all for him. Then he dipped his face to my lap, softly kissing the rushed skin of my belly (oh, I was no longer ashamed of it), the junction of hip and thigh, and finally pushing my thighs apart with his face, nuzzling in as his tongue slipped between my folds. I gasped as he licked my clit, then again when his fingers probed inside of my pussy. He gently fucked me with his fingers, feeling my muscles clench and pull him in, taking his mouth away to enjoy the view of them sliding in and out of the pink.

"So wet for me, like I knew you would be. Such a beautiful pussy. Such a beautiful woman."

The next touch of his tongue sent me reeling, and my orgasm exploded through me, hips grinding and bucking as he rubbed my g-spot, holding me down with one firm hand on my heaving chest.

My breath came back and I reached for him, pulling him down to the bed beside me. He smiled into my eyes lovingly as I kissed him, tasting myself on his face, thanking him the best way I knew how. We rolled onto our sides and I pushed my hips to his as his hands held my round ass, stroking the length of his cock with the soft hair and wet skin of my mound, enticing him with my sex, the anticipation of burying himself deeply into my soaking cunt.

He reached back for his jeans and I heard the crackle of a condom wrapper. He looked to me, nervous about it. How would I take it? Would I be offended, his eyes asked. But me? Well, I'm good, remember? I pulled him over to straddle me as I took the rubber from his hands. Drew him up with hands and mouth, kissing and nipping at his body, he naturally moving higher in search of my mouth. Finally his legs straddled my shoulders as he looked down into my face. I teased him, grinning crookedly as I curled my tongue around the taught head, gently sucking his balls into my mouth and tickling his taint and ass until he was thrusting into the air and gasping. With one long stroke I took him in deeply to my throat, then pulled back and expertly rolled the condom onto him.

He looked down at his cock, so near to my mouth with an expression of concentration on his face. He seemed to decide, and rolled off of me to his side, gathering me to him perpendicularly, pushing my legs back and staring into my throbbing pussy as he pushed inside. I moaned as he filled me. Pulling back all the way until only the head rested between my lips, then thrusting into me, tormenting me, stretching me over and over again. He struggled for control as I came again, fighting the surge rising in himself. Slowly we moved together, watching each others faces as I calmed.

I felt him slip from me, I cried out with the loss and he took my hand, leading me to the chair across the room. In deference to this unspoken order I followed him as he sat, his erect penis in it's wrapper glistening with my juices.

"Your ass. Now I want your beautiful ass." I blushed before him, naked as I was, my thighs wet with my juices and his saliva.

"That was not a request. You said you were good." he growled, pulling me onto his lap. His fingers pushed into my pussy and began the job of spreading the slick wetness onto my asshole, then inside it as I cried out to him. His hands on my hips were sure and strong as I was forced forward and felt the the end of his cock against my tight hole.

"You loved me..." he said, grinding into me. His fingers pinched my clit, sliding up and down to either side, stroking between my dripping lips.

"Yes! You know I did!" I squealed, the mingling pleasure and pain driving me wild as his dick filled my ass and he frigged my clit.

"Good girl." he sighed, burying his face in my neck, allowing me to do the work, to take the penetration that I could.

I groaned, taking him balls deep despite the ache. I felt my peak rising again, so aroused by his quickening fingers and insistent thrusting into my tender ass. I panted against him, my breasts jiggling with the force of our lovemaking. I rose against his chest, slowed and drew up for a series of long, deep strokes as I came, squirting onto his groin and busy fingers. He grunted and bit hard into my shoulder as he throbbed inside me, shuddering as I felt the hot jet of his cum despite the sheath that encased him.

I let him stay there, softening and still joined as we breathed together, clutching each other as the sweat rolled down my flushed chest. His lips ran over my face, neck, ears, throat, sun browned shoulders. His now soft hands stroked my wet hair back from my face, fingered the sparkling earrings at either side of my head, gently touched a fingertip to each pink nipple. He lifted me from his lap and stood, pulling off the spent rubber and tossing it to the basket beneath the desk.

He picked up the stereo remote, and as music filled the room pulled me down to the bed, curling himself around me. Caressing the curves of my body with a warm hand as the other held me close. I dozed, caught up in the music and this unexpected love, physical exhaustion and bliss melting together. Eight years...and nothing had changed.

A soft knock at the door roused me from my half dreams.

"It's OK, I got it baby." he murmured in my ear, kissing me deeply before padding naked across the soft, rich carpeting.

The door opened and I turned my head to the sound of soft voices. Dark laughing eyes, lustrous black hair, the professional suit that was so demure yet clung to taught curves just right. Small manicured hands slid up my calves, massaging out the strain of riding Alan, with the gentle touch that only a woman can give.

"You've seen how well I care for my guests, Erin." She purred. "Now I will see how well you are able to care for yours."

Shocked and aroused I looked to Alan. He hadn't changed a day...after eight years. He ran his fingers through his dark hair, making it stand up in cowlicks like a little boy's. Mischievous eyes. And love, after all, love.

"Well, I just felt bad about missing so many birthdays."

And I'm being good. I'm being so good.