 Dan was looking for a room to rent and, while it was a bit unusual for a man in his mid- thirties to sublet from college students, he knew it would help him stretch the little money he was earning. The house was centrally located on campus, which added to the appeal. It was also coed, which was fine with Dan but might prove to be a concern for the younger women living there. 

As he approached the front door he noticed that there were beer bottles littering the porch and a clash of the latest pop tunes and death metal blasting from different rooms. He was thinking that perhaps this wasn't a good idea after all when a young coed came bounding through the living room wearing skimpy shorts and a cut-off tank top that exposed her flat stomach and tan midriff. She turned toward the door as she saw him waiting there gawking. 

"Hello?" 

"Hi, my name is Dan. I came by to look at the room for rent." 

"That's funny. My name is Dani. Come in." 

Dan went in as Dani, a petite blonde with piercing blue eyes, came forward and extended her hand. 

"Hi, Dani, nice to meet you." Dan was very fit for a man his age, or any age for that matter, despite using a wheelchair to get around. Dani was not put off in the least by the chair or his age and thought Dan might be a nice change from the immature boys in the house. 

"I'll get the rest of the house down to meet you and then we'll show you around." Dani pranced off toward the stairs, smiling a wide grin as she went. 

As she got to the top step she saw Leora coming out of her room. "Come here! You gotta check this guy out." Dani pointed over the railing to Dan downstairs. 

Leora was about half a head taller than Dani with jet-black hair that came almost to her waist. Her brilliant green eyes looked over the man. 

She peeked at Dan and said, "Very fine." 

"He came about the room," Dani said. "Where are Bethany and the guys?" 

Bethany, who heard her name, stuck her head out of her room, "You called?" 

"Hey Beth, we've got a guy downstairs who came to look at the room. He's a hottie," Dani said. 

Dani went to look for Mark, Joe and Thomas while Bethany peeked over the railing and winked at Leora. 

"She's not kidding," Bethany said. 

Bethany was about the same height as Dani and had red hair cut in a bob and was clearly cultivating the goth look with her black nail polish, black lipstick, milky white skin and fishnet stockings and corset that did little to cover her large breasts. 

Dani came back with the guys and they all traipsed downstairs to meet Dan. 

Everybody said their hellos and asked Dan some questions about where he was from and what kind of work he did. Most importantly, they asked why he wanted to live in a house with a bunch of students. 

"I used to work in construction and recently got divorced. I need to save some money and I went to school here so I thought 'Why not?' I could use a little college nostalgia while I get myself back on my feet, so to speak," Dan said. 

They all chuckled and Mark spoke up, "Are you sure you want to be in the house? We can get a little loud sometimes and we're always up pretty late." 

"No problem," said Dan. "I'm not that old!" 

Everybody laughed. The girls smiled and overtly checked him out. 

"Ok, give us a few minutes to talk and we'll come back and let you know," Mark, said. Dan could tell that Mark fancied himself the house manager. 

Dan surveyed the living room as the student discussed. Typical mismatched hand-me-down furniture, a coffee table littered with more beer bottles, a bong, and a half-full bottle of Jack Daniels. Dan chuckled to himself, thinking things hadn't changed much since his time here. 

It didn't take long before the group marched back down the stairs and said that if he liked the room he could have it, but they would need to go over the house rules. Dan agreed and Dani volunteered to walk him around and show him the kitchen and the room that they were subletting. 

When they got back to the living room, Mark was there to go over the rules and hand Dan the lease to sign. "So, as you can see, we are not neat freaks, but everyone has to do their part to pitch in and keep this place from looking any worse than it already is. We all have separate places in the kitchen for food and dishes so we'll show you that when you get settled in. Also, the girls all have boyfriends. You can look but don't touch, if you know what I mean." 

"Sure," Dan said. Mark didn't have to spell the boundaries out for him. The girls were all over eighteen and could speak for themselves. Dan wasn't here for that anyways. 

"It could be kind of tough sometimes because we don't have A/C and they tend to not wear much when they walk around." Mark grinned. 

"I'll manage." Dan matched Mark's grin. 

--- 

Dan moved his stuff in later that week. His new housemates all volunteered to pitch in and grab his stuff from the car. He didn't have that much and it didn't take long. When they were done, he offered to take them all out for beer and pizza, but since everyone but him was under 21, they ordered in instead. Everyone had a good time shooting the shit and getting to know each other a bit. After a few beers, the day caught up to Dan and he said he was going to crash for the night. 

Dan was pleased that they all seemed to be getting along. Neither him using a wheelchair nor his age seemed to bother anyone. In fact, his older-worldly presence seemed like a blessing in disguise as both the guys and the girls began to look to him as big-brother type and they started asking for advice about school and life. 

One night a few weeks after he moved in, he was sitting on the sofa in his room listening to some jazz when there was a soft knock on the door. Dani poked in her head and asked if she could come in. He said yes. 

Dani came in and shut the door behind her. She was wearing loose fitting shorts, a tank top and was barefoot. She was usually the bubbliest of the girls, but she looked very sad as she sat down and tucked her feet under her. She asked Dan if he had a few minutes. 

"Sure, what's up?" Dan said. 

"This is kinda embarrassing." Dani shrugged. 

"It's ok, I can take it," Dan laughed in reply, trying to lighten her mood. 

"Well, you know about my boyfriend Scott right?" She started. "Well, I really like him, but when we fool around it doesn't seem like it's supposed to be like it is with him. I mean, I've talked to Beth and Leora about it and they said that when they're with their boyfriends they get all excited. After its over, they feel really warm and tingly all over. For me, when I kiss Scott I get excited, but then he just wants me to touch his thingy until..." She blushed and said very quietly, "...he cums. Then we usually just kiss some more until he goes home." 

"Oh, that's kind of problem," Dan said, a bit embarrassed. "Can I ask you a few questions Dani? They are a little personal." 

"Ok," Dani said with a shy smile. 

"Does he pay attention to your body? You know, like your breasts or down below?" 

Dani turned beet red and tried to avoid eye contact, as she answered demurely, "No." 

"Do you ever explore your own body, Dani?" 

She looked like she was about to shrivel up and die as she squeaked out, "You mean masturbate?" 

"Yes, exactly," Dan said. 

Dani covered her face with her hands as she barely whispered, "Yes." 

"Dani," Dan said, gently moving her hands from her face, "There is nothing to be ashamed about. Everyone either masturbates or lies about it," he chuckled. 

She smiled softly and said, "Do you?" 

"Well, not anymore, but I used to all the time when I could feel down there." 

"What?!" She practically screamed. "You can't feel your...you know?" 

Dan laughed again and said, "No. And it's called a penis, or a cock, or a pecker, or a dick, or..." 

"Stop!" she interrupted. "I know what they're called. I just get embarrassed calling it that in front of you." Dan could tell that her curiosity was still strong. He was used to this as people often were curious about his sex life but were too afraid to ask for fear of offending him. In truth, Dan was flattered that this incredibly cute coed was interested. It was a rude question for a middle-aged man to walk up to him and ask out of the blue but less so for an incredibly cute coed sitting next to him. Besides, he didn't mind the question and it gave people a chance to get to know him better. 

Dani braved her next question. "So, you don't have sex at all?" 

He laughed an even bigger and deeper laugh and said, "Are you kidding me? I'm a horn dog. I have sex as often as I can. I can't get enough." 

"But how?" She choked out. 

"Well, my dear, I see that I have a lot to teach you," he said. 

Dan now had her full attention and he noticed further that she was resting her hand on his arm. "Well, first of all, there are a lot of ways to enjoy yourself with another person or by yourself." He noticed Dani blushing again. "While I can't feel below my waist, I do get pleasure from giving pleasure and I can get an erection thanks to medical science. 

"I feel bad, Dani, that no one has taken the time and effort to show you that pleasure. Can I show you what I mean in a non-sexual way?" 

"Uh, I guess so," she said, not at all sure he meant it. 

"Ok, move down the couch a bit and rest you feet on my lap." She did so and he began to gently caress her feet, stroking her arches first and then massaging each toe one by one before returning to softly rub the sole of her foot. 

Dan could see her relax. She moaned softly as he massaged her toes. She looked up at him and smiled in a different way than before. She was more confident and perhaps a bit turned on. 

She said, "I like that. It feels really good. What else can you do?" 

He wasn't sure if she wanted him to tell her or show her, but he didn't want to offend her or make her feel uncomfortable, so he answered casually, "I have a very talented tongue." 

"Oh my." She paused a beat and said, "Show me." With that, she put her foot up to his lips. He began to nibble and caress her toes with his tongue, bathing each individually before putting all of her toes in his mouth at once. He then pulled her foot out again so he licked between each of her toes. He lifted her foot up so he could lick and gently bite the bottom of her foot, starting at her toes and working his way down to her heel. 

He did the same to her other foot. He noticed that she was breathing heavily and she moved one hand to rest over her breast. The other was on her shorts as she tried to move surreptitiously. He didn't want her to embarrass her, but saw that she needed help on focusing on her own pleasure. 

Dan reached over and moved her hand further down so she could more easily stroke herself. He smiled and said, "It's okay Dani, let yourself go. Let yourself feel the pleasure you deserve. You deserve so much more than Scott has been giving you." 

That must have been the right thing to say because she thrust one hand down the front of her shorts and the other up under her tank top. She simultaneously tugged on her nipple and vigorously rubbed her pussy. 

Dan grew more excited and intensified his effort, lapping away between her sweet little toes and loving her relaxed inhibitions. He could tell she was getting close to orgasm. He stopped his oral attentions and pulled her so that she was straddling him. Before he could do anything else, Dani grabbed the sides of his face and kissed him passionately. After several minutes, she reached down and resumed stroking her pussy. 

He took the opportunity to break off their kiss and reached up under her tank top to knead her breasts. She responded with a moan and gave him a smoldering look as she grabbed the sides of her tank top and slowly raised it over her head. She pulled his hands and his face to her tits. 

He needed no further encouragement as he began to suck and fondle her nipples. They peaked due to his firm strumming and sucking. She moaned loudly as she inserted her fingers into her pussy and began rocking up and down on his lap. His tongue lapped at her pert pink nipples. 

He could sense her orgasm was going to overtake her at any moment. Dan gave her nipples a pinch and gentle tug, sending her flying over the edge as she yelled out "Yes! That feels so good!" She convulsed and collapsed against his chest. 

As her heaving subsided, Dani pulled back and looked Dan in the eyes with an intensity that left him almost as breathless as she was. "That was so incredible. Do you have anything else non-sexual to teach me Dan?" she asked teasingly. 

"You bet." Dan said. "Why don't we move over to the bed where we have a little more room." 

Dani, smiling sweetly, stood up and pulled her shorts down to reveal her little neatly shaped blonde snatch. She turned around and showed him her shapely ass as she bent down to move her clothes out of the way. 

Dan hopped back into his chair and quickly popped one of his little blue pills on the way over to the bed. He quickly transferred out of his chair and onto the bed. 

Dani wasted no time and climbed on top of him and began kissing him just as passionately as before while rubbing herself against his jeans and moaning loudly. 

Dani's inhibitions had clearly been put to rest. She broke off the kiss and said in a sexy whisper, "Show me what else that tongue of yours can do, Dan." 

With no hesitation, Dan grabbed Dani's hips and deftly swung her around so that her pussy was right above him. He softly caressed the inside of her thighs and inhaled her enticing aroma before completely covered her pussy lips with his. 

She moaned deeply in response. He licked first around her lips and then dipped his tongue inside her pussy. She tasted amazing and her copious wetness told him just how ready she was. 

Her breath quickened as he plunged his tongue in and out of her wetness with ferocity. He pulled out and proceeded to lick her from the pucker of her asshole slowly all the way to her clit, which was beginning to peak out from its protective hood. 

He lavished attention on her clit, stroking it with his tongue up and down and in circles. She bucked on top of him. Her fluids leaked all over his face. He was every bit as excited as she was and relished the feel of her firm ass in his hands as she began to grind her clit into his face. He redoubled his efforts and in no time she was convulsing and moaning his name as she came all over his face. 

She turned now with a glazed look on her face and spied the sheen of herself all over Dan's face. She bucked from an aftershock before turning toward him, leaning over and kissing him deeply. She licked her juices off his face. He was blown away that this once-shy girl had let herself succumb to the pleasure she so clearly needed and wanted. 

Dani climbed off of him and unbuttoned his shirt, revealing Dan's well-built upper body. She rubbed her soft hands over his firm, nearly hairless chest, muscular biceps and shoulders. 

She was curious about what else she might find and tentatively reached for the top button of his jeans. He made no objection as she undid the top button and eased his zipper down. 

He shifted side to side as she slid his jeans and boxers down, soon revealing his glorious rock-hard cock. She couldn't resist grabbing on to his member and feeling its turgid weight in her hands and then in her mouth. 

Despite not being able to feel it, Dan loved seeing his cock sliding in and out of her pretty pink lips and watching her tongue swirl around the tip. She said huskily to Dan, "Can I put it in me now?" 

He replied by lifting her petite body up off the bed and lowering her directly on to his eager cock. She rode him slowly at first and then more intensely. She could ride him as long and hard as she wanted and he would not cum before her or at all. 

Oh my god, she thought, he is Gods' gift to women. 

She completely gave in to her own pleasure and rode him ferociously, coming all the way off his cock and then slamming down over and over until she came again and collapsed again on his chest. 

Dani dozed off for a few minutes. She smiled when she came to. "Remind me to come to you for advice more often!"