 Jake reached over to grab a handful of condoms from his bedside cabinet, settling back into the cradle of Sammie's body. 

"Gotta be prepared baby."

"Like a boy scout?"

Laughing, Jake stroked his palm up her thigh, enjoying the soft trembling of her body, 

"Something like that."

Kissing her he felt the same tremors as his tongue danced with her and gentled his lips. Sammie was shaking in his arms and whilst he wanted to think it was excitement Jake was smart enough to see it for what is really was - nerves.

For all of her bravado Sammie was scared. He wanted to reassure her, tell her he'd never hurt her and that she meant the world to him but words were cheap, especially when they were naked, wrapped around each other and sticky with each other's orgasms. 

Instinctively he knew that pulling away from her would hurt... so he kissed her again, rolling her onto her side and rubbing her back. Her trembling slowed and she relaxed into him. Jake sighed into her mouth, relieved to have her settled but something was nagging in his head. Sammie wrapped her thigh over his and he felt all cognitive thought begin to slip away,

"Hold that thought Sammie. Gotta pee!"

She pouted sweetly and laughed,

"I'll be here Jake. Just remember to put the seat down!"

Poking his tongue out at her Jake headed to the bathroom.

...

Sammie was an anomaly. Sweet and shy, sexually inexperienced in so many ways, and guileless. Jake loved that about her, her body reacted to him telling him what he needed to know before she'd even opened her mouth. And that was just it, when she opened her mouth... shit. 

Even thinking about the way she sucked his cock made his temperature spike, the eager way she went down on him, the noises she made. Jake had had enough head in his lifetime to know that Sammie wasn't faking her enthusiasm for the act, she obviously loved it. Which made him curious. 

Jake had known Sammie quite well when they were teenagers, they'd been friends for fucks sake and yeah, he'd wanked over her off and on for years. 

Now... he realised he knew very little about the woman she was. Other than the fact that she loved him touching her and seemed incredibly adept at making him hard with little more than a look. He still thought she was sweet and shy and all of the same things he'd liked about her before but for the first time in his adult life, Jake wanted to know the woman he was about to fuck. Sammie wasn't some random chick he could turf out in the morning and forget about.

Sighing, Jake splashed his face with water and headed back to her, hoping his cock would forgive him for what he was about to do.

...

"You want to take me out for a date?! Now?!"

Sammie sat up in his bed, the duvet clasped to her breasts and a look of confusion on her flushed face,

"Not right now Sammie. Tomorrow. I know it sounds strange considering that we're finally alone and naked and horny. I wish I could explain it better but I'd really like to start this right. It's not that I don't want to fuck you... because I really, really do, "

They both stared as his cock, hard against his stomach and dribbling fluid,

"I can see that Jake..."

Jake reached for his boxers and slipped them on,

"Just go with me on this Sammie... please. Just one day. I want to wake up with you in my bed and just hang out. Can we... can we do that?"

Sammie peeled away the duvet and stood and Jake thought she was going to run. So when she pulled her top back on and shimmied back into her knickers and climbed back into his bed he wanted to punch the air. She patted the space next to her and stared at him, the hint of a smile on her lips, 

"Come on then Jake. Sleepy time. The sooner we go to sleep, the sooner it will be tomorrow and you can woo me."

Roaring with laughter, Jake leapt onto the bed, bouncing slightly as he landed and caught her in his arms for a chaste kiss,

"I know I must sound totally mad Sammie..."

"You sound like a loon Jake but I have to say that it's all a bit mysterious and romantic. I may not be able to get to sleep with the excitement!"

Jake turned off the bedside light and curled up behind her, willing his erection into slumber.

"Goodnight Sammie. See you in the morning."

Sammie snored gently and he grinned, following her shortly after.

...

"Wakey wakey baby! It's Date Day!!"

Squinting Sammie gratefully took the mug of coffee Jake handed her and sipped it, wincing as he opened the curtains and the sunshine blasted in.

"Drink up Sammie. We have a busy day today, lots to see and do! Anything can happen today!"

She laughed at his enthusiasm, remembering him like this as a teenager. Everything then was an adventure in waiting and Jake had frequently lured her and Rosie away from the television to go skateboarding or rock climbing or god forbid, paintball. Rosie usually bailed out halfway through but Sammie kept up, grateful to have time alone with her crush. And now she had a whole day!

Draining her coffee and stretching she yelped as he pulled her into his arms and spun her out before twirling her back in again.

"Oh god... I forgot you were a morning person..."

Jake laughed, dancing her towards the door,

"Shower and breakfast baby. Dress casual and wear comfortable shoes."

"And bossy... How could I forget bossy?!"

Jake kissed her, a hot riot of tongue and Sammie moaned,

"We could always go back to bed Jake... have a cheeky little lie in?"

Jake cocked his head at her and tutted,

"Any more of that young lady and I'll think you're only interested in my body!"

Sammie flinched, 

"No! God no! Jake... I... I didn't mean like that! I... Shit!"

Jake hugged her, 

"It's okay Sammie. I'm only joking. And it is a very tempting idea..."

Waggling his eyebrows he comically leered at the bed but Sammie couldn't bring herself to laugh.

"Stop it Jake! I'm being serious!" Jake stilled, his eyes locked onto hers. He looked so surprised she couldn't help herself from stepping forward and taking his hands in her own, "This is about more than just sex for me Jake. You need to know that! I don't really know what's gotten into me lately,"

Jake choked as he tried to bite back his laugh and Sammie rolled her eyes as she realised her unintentional double entendre,

"Okay I asked for that one, but I mean it, I'm not a sexual person normally, I don't do this. I don't flirt or tease and I have never done the things that we've done. I just like being around you Jake."

"I like being around you too Sammie..."

She squeezed his hands and he paused,

"What I'm trying to say is that we don't have to have sex Jake... ever. I don't want you to think I'm using you. Do you understand? If what's happened up till now is all we'll have physically then I'm okay with that."

Jake growled,

"I'm fucking not! Christ Sammie! "

He took a deep breath and rested his head against hers, kissing her hair,

"I appreciate your concerns baby but I happen to like the fact that you're a sexual freak around me. And if you want to objectify any part of my anatomy I'm as happy as hell about it. But right now you need to get ready for a day of fun. Sex is totally off the menu. Think wine, dine, no 69!"

Sammie smiled and released his hands, heading back to her room. As her door closed Jake released his breath,

"Tonight however... "

...

Standing in front of the post modernist installation Sammie craned her neck to try and work out what it was. For over an hour she and Jake had wandered through the Tate Modern hand in hand simultaneously looking and laughing at the pieces on display. Some works were brilliant and they'd oohed and aahed before moving onto to something less... inspiring. 

Jake had admitted that he was clueless about art but that he knew Sammie liked to paint and draw. She'd rolled her eyes and laughed, calling him sentimental and sappy and he'd pouted.

Watching now as Jake adopted a terrible French accent and waved his arms in front of an almost totally blank canvas, daubed with slashes of yellow and green, waxing lyrical about "Ze artist was a genius non? He captures ze freedom of ze subject without depicting a damn thing!" Sammie felt her sides shudder as tears fell from her eyes. 

It felt joyful to be there with him, being silly and charming and sweet. Sammie felt like it was a proper date and allowed herself to dream as he led her off to one of the video installation rooms. 

Pitch dark, they watched as a bizarre black and white film played on a loop, a man dressed as a unicorn pacing towards the camera before turning and trotting off screen. Again and again he paced and trotted and they remained still, Jake pressed behind her, his arms around her waist as people wandered in and out.

"Now this is fucking weird Sammie! Even I know that!"

Sammie turned her head, 

"Jake! Art is all just subjective. To you it's weird but to someone else it's a masterpiece!"

He snorted and buried his face in her neck to muffle his laughter,

"It's just fucking weird baby and that's the truth!"

"Then why have we been standing here for ten minutes?"

"Because I happen to like holding you in my arms Sammie. Alone in the dark..." 

He snuffled into her neck, sending her into another fit of giggles and groaned as his hands reached up to cup her tits over her t shirt.

"JAKE!! Stop that!"

"Never! Now stop squirming and tell me how this is considered a masterpiece."

Sammie smiled in the dark, so much for sex being totally off the menu. Jake's hands where now underneath her shirt, rubbing her nipples through her bra and as she slowly started walking backwards he hissed as her arse brushed his cock.

The room was larger than she'd expected and as Jake's back met the wall she squeezed her eyes tight, trying to focus in the gloom. As far as she could tell they were alone but as Jake peeled back the lace cups of her bra and plucked her nipples Sammie found she didn't care.

"Now these... these I could happily look at for hours."

She whimpered and Jake removed one of his hands to gently place over her mouth, groaning as she kissed his palm, licking his skin.

"Can you be quiet for a little bit longer baby?"

Sammie nodded and laughed at her stupidity,

"How much longer?"

She felt Jake shudder and heard the pop of him unbuttoning his fly. His fingers squeezed her breast, tweaking her nipple between his fingers and she felt his knuckle hurriedly brush against her bottom.

"Not... long... Sammie. Almost... done..."

Sammie spun around and found his mouth in the dark, her hand covering his as he frantically worked his cock. She opened her coat to shield them as Jake trembled under her fingers,

"Close Sammie... Fuck... I didn't... think this... through!"

She lifted her shirt and bent slightly, pressing her stomach against his knuckle. Jake hissed as he came, his cock anointing her skin and Sammie stood, swallowing the noise with her mouth. Anyone entering the room would assume they were making out and as Jake calmed Sammie turned her head. Aside from Unicorn man they were alone. 

Jake rebuttoned and lifted her tee to flick each of her nipples with his tongue before repositioning her bra and top. Aside from the small stain that she knew would be apparent on her tummy and the scent of ejaculate in the air they looked completely respectable. Jake kissed her and pulled her out of the room, almost running through the gallery as he laughed. It wasn't until they climbed aboard the small ferry that would take them across the Thames to the Tate Britain that he spoke, pulling her into his arms for a passionate kiss,

"I'm really sorry about that Sammie but I just couldn't control myself. Was getting uncomfortable wandering around with a hard on."

He grinned and she couldn't help laughing at him,

"But that... Jake! You could have been arrested! One minute you're taking the piss and the next... you're taking yourself in hand...?"

"What can I tell you baby? Unicorns obviously make me horny!"

...

They wandered around the Britain far more sedately. Jake held her hand as she stood before the Masters and only made the occasional lewd comment whenever they gazed up at a renaissance nude. After a stroll down to Chinatown they stopped for sushi at a tiny little restaurant Jake had been to before. As they ate they chatted about nothing, Jake laughing at what some people considered art and Sammie trying to play devil's advocate and failing. She tried to berate him for his public act of self affection and they both fell apart, earning disparaging looks from the other diners. As she chewed she felt truly happy, just hanging out with someone who meant the world to her. Nothing could ruin Date Day.

"So, what happened with Richard? Why did it end?"

Sammie almost choked on a piece of salmon.

"Where did that come from?"

"From wanking to wankers... not that far a stretch really. And I'm interested Sammie. Not so much in him, but in you. Rosie hated him but she always said you seemed happy whenever I spoke to her."

"And you spoke about me often Jake? Did you ask or did she tell?"

Draining her glass of water she held her breath hoping desperately he admit to the former. He shrugged,

"Does it matter Sammie? Come on spill. I told you my tale of woe..."

Sammie sagged, so much for a perfect day. Richard was not a subject she wanted to discuss especially with Jake but he had a point. He had been open and honest and she'd kept her secrets to herself.

"How much do you want to know?"

Jake sat forward, leaning on his forearms and stared at her.

"Everything baby."

... 

Sammie told him the whole sad tale, how they'd met when she was 21 and ended up living together and engaged by 24. That she'd never really loved him but that she'd never really had a good enough reason to leave. On paper, Richard was perfect. The son of a friend of her parents, he hadn't been particularly into her either. Reasonably wealthy, great job in the city, nice manners. Attractive but not jaw droppingly so. Jake had laughed in disbelief that she could sell herself so short and Sammie shrugged. Both their families were thrilled although once they'd split her father had expressed his relief that he hadn't had to stand up when the vicar asked if anyone had any objection to the union. 

Richard hadn't wanted to marry her anymore than she wanted to marry him. Having spent 3 years in America he wanted the glitz and glamour but had been summoned back to the UK by his overbearing father, fearful of his only son running off with an actress.

"Just think, he and Olivia could have had your happily ever after!"

Sammie scoffed, 

"Only if she was a dynamo in the bedroom!"

Jake had reached for her hand and Sammie sighed.

"He told me that he could put up with the rest of my faults, that I was dull company and had no personality but that he couldn't stay with anyone who was as bad in bed as I was." 

Jake gripped her hand and she winced,

"Fucker!! Wait till I get my hands on the little prick!"

Sammie smiled sadly,

"No need Jake. Honestly. What's done is done. I'm glad really. Glad he's out of my life."

"But to say that to you... and it's all lies! You are amazing, smart, funny, beautiful... sexy... Ooops I went there again didn't I?!"

Sammie had wanted to lean over and kiss him for trying to make her laugh so that's exactly what she did. Jake paid the bill and they wandered up to the tube, his arm around her shoulder.

"Jake..."

He smiled down at her,

"It was more than just that. With Richard I mean."

He tensed, holding her tighter but not slowing his pace,

"He never hurt me or did anything... horrible. But he did control me. What I wore, what I ate, where I went. I lost most of my friends because he didn't like them, didn't think they were good enough for me. The only reason Sophia and Rosie stuck around was because he was scared of them."

Jake mumbled and Sammie stopped, reaching up to stroke his cheek,

"Say what?"

"Just that Rosie has always been nuts and Sophia... she's scary enough to make a man lose his erection!"

She snorted and Jake turned to kiss her hand,

"So why did you stay with him for so long? Why would you put up with that?"

"At the time I didn't know that it was odd. He was my first boyfriend and all of my friends changed when they got into relationships so I thought it was normal. That they changed because they were told to. And when I finally twigged that it was just me, I was sort of embedded. We were engaged, had a mortgage and as bad as it sounds, I was used to it. And when he dumped me, it's almost like I had to start over. Everything I thought was right was only right for him and I've had to learn who I am and what I want out of life. Thank god for Rosie taking me in and looking out for me."

"My sister, patron saint of tequila and one-night stands! I'm just glad I came back home when I did. Lord knows what you'd be up to otherwise."

They headed down into the tube and Sammie stood one step up from him on the escalator, eye to eye,

"About that... Everything that's happened between us Jake. I wanted that. I want that. But I've never been in this situation before and I feel a bit out of my depth sometimes..."

Jake pressed his face to hers, 

"Everything you've done so far has been perfect. I mean, aside from the long drawn out aspect which has been murder... but you've been amazing so don't get scared!"

"I'm getting the blame for the foreplay? How is that fair!"

They heard the tube arrive and ran hand in hand into the carriage just as the doors closed. Enclosing her in the cocoon of his warm body, Jake sighed as she wrapped her arms around his waist,

"I'm not complaining baby, I've loved every second but I'm glad you told me. I was beginning to wonder why you went from vestal virgin to sexual dynamo at the flick of your clit."

Sammie gasped and buried her face in his chest, laughing and muttering as she squeezed him tighter.

"In English if you don't mind baby."

She gazed up at him and the blush that covered her face heated his blood, 

"Kindle! I read a lot of erotica and some of it might have sparked my imagination and personality at times..."

"You read lady porn!!"

She squeaked as several people turned to stare. Sammie's embarrassment faded as several female passengers grinned at her and one even waved her kindle in Sammie's direction.

"You liked some of the things I've learnt from lady porn or do you need a reminder?"

"I fucking loved your lady porn demonstrations but that may have had more to do with you than what you did. But I'm more than happy to lay back and let you work through your fantasy bucket list!"

Sammie laughed and as they exited the tube and walked into the evening air, arms wrapped around each other she was glad that Jake had asked her about Richard, glad to have it out in the open. 

Again as if he read her thoughts, Jake stopped and pulled her in for a kiss,

"Whatever happens next Sammie, it's just you and me. You don't need to be someone you're not and you don't need to try to impress me... because believe me, I've been impressed with you since we were kids. So what do you think... shall we roll Date Day into Date Night and see where the mood takes us? I'll just be Jake and you can be just Sammie."

She laughed, 

"And what if I want to be you?"

She shrieked as she ran, giggling as he chased her down the street and snorted as he caught her in his arms, swinging her around like a little kid.

"You don't get to be me baby but if you're really nice to me I might let you do me. How's that?"

Sammie wrapped her legs around his waist and kissed him, glad to be free of the shrug of her old self.

"I am really really nice Jake. And we've had such a brilliant day and I think I'd quite like it if you took me home and had your way with me. If that's okay..."
