 I have just recently retired from the US Army and have recently found the Literotica website and wish to share with you of an erotic instance which occurred to me while I was stationed in Germany. 

Throughout my military service I had always maintained a physically fit body. I am 6'2" tall and my weight is about 188 pounds. I love jogging and racquetball, which I have continued my daily running program into civilian life. A few years ago the Army started using computers and I was selected to learn computer, which were being incorporated into our particular skill specialities and then train others in my unit. I have found a relentless passion for computers and everything there was to know about them. 

I have one particular fetish that really turns me on. Seeing a female in a green plaid pleated skirt with matching nylons and a white silky blouse. I have always thought the female body to be an extreme turn on with the softness of their skin and the their sensual curves. Breasts have always been my favorite interest, be it softly caressing them, sucking the nipples or just laying my cock between them for a good tit fuck. Speaking of my cock, I suppose I'm one of those lucky guys with a nice, longer than average in length and about 2" in diameter; not overly big but enough to accomplish the mission it completes. I must admit, at first, my cock may appear to be puny when at rest, however, Old Charley snaps to attention with little or no assistance. In some instances I sometimes have a bondage fetish. This may sound kinky to some, but my greatest fantasy has always been to tie a woman up, and tease her to the brink of her exploding before fucking the living hell out of her. I was afforded the opportunity to do this while my unit was performing a combined exercise near the West/East German border. 

Since I was remaining at my unit it was one of my jobs to assist military families with difficulties they may experience while their husbands were on maneuvers. That particular day I was preparing to leave for the day when I received a call from this soldier's wife saying her garbage disposal was clogged and didn't know what to do. I told her I was leaving for the day but I realized the difficulty she was in and told her I would stop by on my way home and see what I could do. 

When I knocked on the door, I was greeted with a sight I never believed to exist. She was about 5'6, brown hair and a pair of the bluest eyes I ever saw. My eyes immediately caught that she was dressed in something resembling a bikini top and she was wearing a very tight black mini-skirt. Her legs seemed to go on forever, and I recall thinking to myself that wherever those legs met, must be heaven. When she spoke, I noticed a pair of full, sensual lips and the whiteness of her teeth was really striking.

"Hi, you must be the here to see what's wrong with my garbage disposal." She said in a very sexy voice. I couldn't get a word out, and just nodded as she invited me into the house. As she led me into the kitchen I noticed a movement at the staircase, but couldn't quite make out what it was, since it disappeared to quickly. 

She offered me a cool drink and I went to work unclogging her garbage disposal. The only problem was she had put too much leftover spaghetti into the disposal at one time. After unclogging it I cleaned up the mess I had caused she asked me if I knew anything about computers. I said, "I did and asked her what her problem with the computer was. She walked in front of me, up the stairs and the fragrance of her perfume reminded me of a bouquet of flowers. The skirt spun so tight around her body, that I couldn't help noticing that she was not showing any panty lines underneath. I found it extremely difficult to contain my arousal as she moved that beautiful ass right in front of me as we walked up the stairs. I might even have had some tiny drops of sweat on my forehead, which I am sure is not the result of me getting to much exercise.

She led me into what must be the master bedroom. The bedroom was nicely decorated. Her computer was located on a solid walnut desk with a high-back leather chair. Off to the right of the desk there was a sofa in the corner.

I sat down, and forced myself to concentrate on fixing the problem with the computer, but I kept feeling her eyes burning on me as she moved around behind he. At first I thought I was imagining it, but every now and then she would lean over my shoulder to show me something on the monitor, but I could clearly feel her hard, erect nipples pressing against my shoulder. Needles to say, but for someone with an obvious hormonal imbalance like I have, I soon found my erection grow to it s full capacity, screaming to be released from the tight confines of my camouflage pants. Not long thereafter my balls were so full, it hurt.

It would be difficult to describe what happened next, because the next moment I felt my chair being swung around 90 degrees towards where she was standing, and when I looked down, I found her kneeling between my legs, fiddling with my belt buckle. It couldn't have been more than two seconds before she had both my buckle and my buttons undone, frantically grabbing my huge erection with both hands. "Oooohhh my Goddd. Ohhhh ohhhhhh", I moaned. It was a relief to feel some freedom from my pants, a shiver running through my whole body as she swallowed almost my whole length in one deep sucking action.

I looked down, and saw her luscious lips engulfing my monstrous cock, feeling the release of some pre-cum into her mouth, which she wickedly licked up with her swirling tongue. I felt her hand fondling my full balls, and she released her sucking and commenced on a luscious journey with her tongue. She hesitated at my cock s glistening head, licking in circles around it s swollen, purple head, then lodging the tip of her tongue into it s little hole. "Oooooooo my Goddddd ... ooooooo GOSH..." I couldn't help moaning loudly, as she licked down my throbbing hardness, taking each of my balls into her mouth, gently sucking on them. I grabbed her hair, and she frantically started sucking me again, this time taking all of my cock into her mouth, as I felt her throat relaxing.

I started bucking my hips, pulling her head towards me, holding her by her shoulder-long hair. "Ooooooh yeah baby, suck me. Suck me deep!! . Ohhhhh yeah!!" As I continued to mouth-fuck her, she fondled my balls until I felt like I wanted to explode. It wasn't long thereafter that I shot my first load of cum like a canon into her throat. "Oh fuck. Oooooooo. Fuck.... OOOOOOOOOO!!!!" White, creamy cum was drizzling from her mouth as she continued sucking, although I released my grip on her hair. It felt like she wanted to suck my balls dry.

She gave me another surprise, when suddenly she got up and passionately started kissing me. It was the first time I ever tasted my own cum, and I must say, it tasted kind of sweet, mixed with her saliva. I was now so over excited about what had happened to me, that my cock soon found itself in another massive erection, pressing against her supple body. Without much effort I picked her up and carried her to the bed. For some reason I felt like I wanted to punish her, like as if I felt she had just raped me.

As she stood up I pushed her onto her bed, and pinned her down with her hands stretched over her head, while I straddled her. She smiled at me, naughtily, and I started kissing her deep and passionate, thrusting my tongue deep into her warm mouth and sucking her tongue in mine. It was like she already gave in to my assault on her body, which I was not content on accepting like that. I got up from her, and walked over to the walk-in closet, searching for some pantyhose. I grabbed a bunch and returned to where she was still laying stretched out on the bed. "Oooohhh yes. Tie me up. Yesssss", she hissed.

My cock sprang at full attention when I ripped off her top to expose her silky, perky tits. They were so firm and her erect nipples were just too inviting to resist. "Ohhhh myyy Godddd..." she cried. I leaned down and suckled each one hard, when I shifted my concentration back to what I intended doing. I removed her mini-skirt in record time, when I noticed she was only wearing a black g-string panty. Her pussy bloated against her panty, and I thought that I have never seen such an oversized pussy, especially not on such a slim woman.

I ripped my eyes away, and started tying her hands and both feet to each of the four bedposts, leaving her spread and totally exposed. What a sexy sight. I got back onto her, barely touching her body with my now naked ass, cupping her breasts with my hands, slowly starting to caress them, while I feast my eyes on those hard nipples. They felt so soft, almost like satin cushions, and I slowly started licking each nipple in a circular motion. "Ooooh babyyy. YESSS. YESSSS. ", She moaned with pleasure and I continued teasing her nipples, hardly ever touching her tips, wanting to make her as hot as I possibly could.

After torturing her breasts for a while, I continued my way down the valley between her breasts towards her navel, softly kissing, licking and sometimes sucking her soft naked flesh. Her body was trembling with excitement as I neared her panty line, but I didn't go any lower. "Ooooh babyyy. Yesssss. Fuck me now. Fuck meeee. I need you to fuck me ... NOW!!!! . Oooooooo", she begged. Instead I started my ascent towards her breasts, kissing, licking and sucking.

I positioned myself in a 69 position on top of her, taking care to keep my hard, throbbing cock just out of reach of her eager mouth. She bucked her head to suck it into her mouth, and I pulled away just in time. I started kissing down her soft legs, my cock in perfect view of her hunger eyes all the time. I concentrated my kisses ever nearer to her pussy, noticing the dark stain on the lacy material. She let out a loud moan of pleasure when I flicked her panty with my tongue followed by kissing her drenched crotch through her panty. My cock was touching her swollen breasts and occasionally I would lower myself to brush her nipples with my balls.

I slid my hands under her panties to either side, and ripped then off in one single jerk, revealing her clean, shaven cunt. "Oh YESSSS!!!... YESSSS." Her lips were so swollen; it looked like a nest, ready to be eaten. I ran my wet tongue down each lip separately, already tasting her wetness. "Oooooooooooooh. Oooohhh my Godddd", she moaned. She tasted like nothing I ever tasted before, sweet with a very strong flavor of sex. I used my fingers to part her lips, revealing her swollen clit, standing out between her wet lips. When I leaned down, I made sure just to touch her clit very lightly, curling it in circular motions without licking it. When she started bucking her hips wildly, I pulled back. "Oooohhh BABYYYYY. Fuck MEEE. Fuck me NOWWW!! . Fuck meeee! she squealed.

I was concentrating so hard on teasing her, that I didn't notice her daughter, Susan, standing in the doorway. Susan is Julie's 18-year-old daughter and had a towel wrapped around her with wet hair and she looked very much like her mother. She must have seen the shock in my face and only smiled at me. It was only then that I noticed that her one hand was between her legs, obviously playing with herself. I turned around and looked at Julie and saw her smiling at her daughter. I started wondering if this whole thing had not been just a setup by the two to get me into bed, but I shifted that idea quickly from my mind. I was now as horny as hell and wanted to get laid badly.

Susan walked over slowly and sat on the edge of the bed, leaning over to kiss me soft and gently. Her young tender lips felt like fire on mine. When the towel slid from her body, she revealed even more beautiful breasts than her mom. Her nipples were smaller and pinkish, but very hard and erect. I noticed that she was cleanly shaven too, while she continued touching herself with her fingers, her legs slightly spread. I touched her young, firm breasts with my one hand, when she rocks her head back and lets out a rather loud moan. "Ooooooohhhhhh ... " My other hand was stroking up and down Julie s inner thigh and when I placed a hand on Susan and let it slide down her beautiful body towards her crotch, I found Julie's now trembling clit and I started rubbing it with my finger. "Yesssss YESSSS. Fuck me with your finger's... DEEPER!! . Faster!!!"

Susan parted her legs further, taking my hand and guiding it towards her hot and wet pussy. Feeling such young flesh in my hand, I couldn't resist but to explore her wet puss lips with my fingers, making her increasingly moan with pleasure. "Oh my God, you feel so tender and soft. ", I told her, and she could only smile. By now I had inserted two fingers into Julie s dripping cunt, and was fingerfucking her furiously. Her hips were bucking wildly, and I started feeling like I would cum at any moment.

Susan had leaned over and was taking my cock head between her sweat, tender lips, sucking lightly as she teases me with her tongue. She must have done this before, because she was sending signals of intense pleasure through my whole body. "Ooooooohhhhhh GOSH! Ooooooo..." I couldn't help moaning. I felt some pre-cum welling up in my throbbing cock, which she eagerly licked, followed by taking more of my cock into her mouth, stroking me as she sucked.

I knew I wouldn't be able to withstand this pleasure for long, but held back as best I could, wanting to feel my cock slide into someone's wet pussy. When Julie's moaning became more intense followed by her soft squeaky moans and rapid, shallow breathing, I couldn't hold back any longer, I just needed to bury this throbbing cock of mine in her wet swollen cunt. I quickly stood up, sliding my cock from Susan's mouth, and guided it towards Julie s bucking pussy. "Oh yes baby. YESSSS. Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Fuck me NOW!!!!" she almost screamed, her body twirling with lust.

My hands reached both under her, clenching her firm ass, as I thrust my cock deep into her pussy with one immense blow, hitting her top, while she screamed out. "OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH GODDDDDDDD!!!!!" Her cunt was so tight, but I couldn't hold back to give her time to adjust to my thickness. I kept my cock deep inside her until I felt her tense body relaxing after my thrust. When she started contracting her muscles to squeeze my cock, I nearly came, and started to slowly wiggle my throbbing member in her pussy. I started to fuck her slowly, feeling every intense moment of pleasure as her swollen lips grabbed my hard cock. "Oooohhh Yeah. Fuck me. Fuck me", she continued saying. Her tightness made it feel as if she was milking my cock, and I really had a tough time to concentrate not to shoot my load to into her.

My body trembled when I felt soft lips pulling at my slowly swinging balls. When I looked back, I noticed Susan had positioned herself on her back, her face between Julie s legs and she was pulling my balls into her mouth while I fucked her mom. The sensation was unbelievable and I started humping Julie increasingly faster as I felt my nearing orgasm. "Ooooooo YEAHHHH! YEAH!"

I was fucking Julie so fast now that Susan had trouble holding on to my balls, but I didn't care and just continued to slam my rock hard cock deep, fast and hard into Julie s pussy. What happened next was so incredible I find it hard to describe with only words. As I felt my cock swell with my hot cum, I felt the feverish spasms of Julie s contracting pussy on my pounding shaft, when suddenly Susan showed her finger deep into my ass. I blew my load so deep into Julie s pulsating cunt, it was such an enormous load, that it felt like my cum spewed past my cock from deep inside her pussy, covering my crotch and balls with a mix of her cum and mine. While I continually kept up pumping deep into Julie s slippery cunt, I felt Susan s tongue eagerly licking the gooey juices from my balls. Even after I had stopped and was lying on top of Julie, my breathing rushing like I just completed a grueling race, I felt Susan licking up the sweetness.

She must have been darn near crazy of lust and desire by that time, getting only what is left over from her Mom s pleasure. I slid down and untied Julie who was just as exhausted as I was. I was laying on my back next to Julie, when Susan positioned herself laying down between my legs, pressing her firm, tender breasts on my legs, and taking my slump penis with both her hands. It s head was very sensitive now, and my body puckered every time she licked her tongue over it. "Oooohhh. Oooohhh!!"

She slowly started stroking me while licking off the cum from my shaft. It wasn't before long that I felt my erection growing again, and I placed my hand between Julie s spread legs and started smearing the dripping cum over her cuntlips and gently stroking her clit. Susan was now sucking my erect penis with full force, reflecting her urgency to be fucked. I moaned. "Ooooh Gosh. Oooooooo YES! Suck me you little slut"

Julie was starting to moan again too, hissing between her teeth every time I touch her sensitive clit. I pushed myself up and pulled Susan s face towards me, kissing her deeply as she pushed herself up and shifted over my body. She was straddling me and it was absolutely sensational when she sat her wet, tight cunt on my penis. I kissed her more intensely when she started squirming on my cock. After kissing for nearly a minute, she broke the kiss and lifted her cute ass to guide my pole towards her tight pussy. I fell back when I felt her tender lips touch my cock s head, feeling the pressure as she slowly impaled herself on my hard, thick cock, stretching her love-hole to accommodate what must have been a monstrous cock to her. "Ooooh my Goddddd..." I felt her pussy relax, clamping down on my shaft when she tried to lower herself too fast. She arched her body while she was doing this and ran her sweet tongue over her opened lips.

When finally I felt her ass-cheeks on my upper legs, I knew she had taken all of my cock. She placed her hands on my breast and sat still for a while, before slowly starting to twist her ass, curling her sensual, young body. I raised my hands and started to caress her perky breasts, pinching her tender nipples between my fingers, drawing circles and pulling gently. She moaned in a high pitch "Eeeeewwwwwww..." This initiated a series of increasingly louder moans escaping from her mouth, hissing just like her mother.

She slowly started bucking on my shaft, and I could feel her warm juices running down my crotch, as I joined her motions by thrusting my hips to meet her rhythm. Since her young cunt was even tighter than her mother s, I could soon hear the squishing sounds of her juices, as she picked up her raid on my throbbing cock. I slid my hands down to grab her slim waist and helped her motions as she started fucking me in all earnest. My thrusts have increased their own assault on her luscious pussy, and I noticed Julie s hand on Susan s breasts, encouraging her daughter's rise in excitement. I got the feeling she wanted to have her daughter experience the joy of having a decent cock between her legs, as she has had the pleasure of having earlier. "Oooooh Goddd. YES. Oooooo YESSSSS", Susan moaned excitedly.

I noticed Julie getting up and then helping her daughter to turn around facing away from me, without have my cock slide from her hot pussy. Julie was now encouraging her daughter to fuck me as hard as she could and the sight of Susan s firm, white ass drove me crazy. I couldn't resist running my hand down her crack, teasing her hole with my fingers. I was surprised to find her hole lubricated, and thought it must have been when she rode me and her juices flowed from her pussy. I started applying pressure against her hole while she fucked me like she was going insane. "Oooohhhhhhhh YESSSS... OOOOOOOOO!!!!!" Her moans had become screams, and I soon felt my finger push up in her ass. I started finger-fucking her ass as she rode my cock ever harder and faster, at one stage burying almost the whole length of my finger deep into her asshole. "I mmm ccccuuummmmmmingggg!!!!..." She screamed.
