 As always, thanks for reading and posting. For those of you who enjoyed my story, I hope this ties up any loose ends and ultimately gives you the warm fuzzies. And for those of you who didn't... thanks for letting me know where I went wrong.

Cate xx

*****

One Year Later

"Have I told you just how much I love you?"

Sammie smiled down at Jake, nuzzling against her cleavage,

"Not in the last 15 minutes."

Jake grinned, pinning her beneath him, his lips tracing a path between her engorged breasts.

"I do you know. I love you more than words can say. The only thing that would make me happier than I am now is if you'd finally agree to marry me."

Sammie pulled his face to hers, kissing his mouth and silencing the ongoing argument. Her tongue entered his mouth, lushly rubbing against his and she shivered as she felt his cock rub against her thigh, 

"How many times do I have to tell you Jake, marriage doesn't mean that much to me. As far as we're concerned I'm yours and you're mine. End of."

He sucked her pebbled nipple into his mouth, pulling deeply as she shuddered beneath him,

"You may say that sweetheart but think about the boys. Don't they deserve to grow up with a mother and a father committed to each other, who love and adore them and all above board and legal?"

Sammie gasped as Jake bit down on her nipple. He really didn't play fair. Not at all. 

"How can anything we've done be considered above board?!"

Jake lapped her and Sammie pulled his mouth away, fighting to keep her brain functioning, 

"And you think manipulating me into marrying you is in their best interests?"

He shrugged and descended on her again, Sammie cradling his head as he suckled her, the diamond engagement ring sparkling in the evening light. She bucked against him as he sucked her nipple into his mouth, his lips surrounding her breast.

She knew how this argument ended and it never boded badly for her. Jake would lick her, his tongue stroking her clit as his fingers filled her, stroking her in the perfect rhythm until she fractured into a thousand pieces. 

She smiled as he tightened his lips, sucking her nipples as tightly as their twin boys did at feeding time. Oscar and Isaac, so tiny and perfect, the culmination of all that amazing sex. She laughed, almost disbelieving that they were there, that she had been able to create them, to bring them into the world. 

Sammie watched as Jake surrounded her, feeling his lips and teeth surround her skin. This man, this gorgeous man had given her more than she'd ever dreamed possible. He bit down, drawing her nipple tight, sucking her hard. Sammie groaned, feeling her breasts throb as the milk began to flow, 

"Sammie..."

"Jake..."

"If you won't marry me, will you at least let me suck your titties?"

She snorted as he pouted, 

"Honestly Jake, I can't wait to get the all clear. Maybe once you get permission to fuck me you'll lose this fascination with my tits!"

He smiled, his lips brushing her sensitive skin as he took a turgid nipple between his teeth.

"I've always been obsessed with your tits Sammie. Always. Every inch of you makes me crazy. And whilst I admit to missing being inside of you since the boys were born, I can't exactly say that I've missed out!"

Sammie shivered as she remembered their creative lovemaking. She's sucked him frequently, enjoyed the hard thrust of his hard cock between her breasts and discovered that her armpit acted as a more than passable substitute for her pussy, at least for him. 

Jake had taken her arse, her body surrounded by pillows as he'd slowly feed his cock into her body, his fingers playing a concerto on her clit. She shook her head unsure that her GP would accept that as "No Intercourse" but considered it a very sweet trade off. 

"I need you Jake... "

"Where sweetheart?"

Sammie clutched him to her face kissing him deeply, 

"I want you inside me but I'm not allowed... which sucks!"

Jake grinned, 

"I don't know, I kinda like it when you suck me baby! Sucking is hardly a bad word in my book."

Sammie rolled her eyes in derision and swooned as Jake pressed her swollen breasts together, gently squeezing as he took both nipples between his lips. He watched her as his tongue flicked her, his lips dancing across her hypersensitive flesh. She gasped as he shifted, the thick heft of his cock pressed against her out of bounds pussy, 

"Do you still think Sucking is a bad thing Sammie? Because I can show you at least one other example of how it's a positive..."

"Do it Jake!! Damn you and that clever mouth of yours!"

He smiled slyly, rocking against her,

"You know me so well sweetheart. And you know I can't say no to you..."

He pulled her nipple deep, his cheeks hollowing as he increased the suction, her breast the entire focus of his attention. She moaned softly, feeling her body heat as she began to spill milk into his mouth. He squeezed her other breast, his fingers rolling her engorged nipple, encouraging droplets of milk to coat his fingers as he pulled deeper. 

It shouldn't feel this good, Sammie twisted her hips, needing to feel the pressure of his cock against her. Her breasts were meant to nourish their babies but as Jake drank from her, his eyes dark as he stared up at her, his mouth pulling her tightly, almost to the brink of pain, Sammie felt her body begin to spiral.

Squeezing out a few more drops of milk, Jake released her nipple and coated his fingers, rubbing lazy circles around her breast. He released her, his teeth grazing her elongated bud and raised himself up to lick her mouth. Sammie moaned and he kissed her, his tongue plunging deep. 

"You like that sweetheart? You like me sucking those perfect titties?"

Sammie nodded weakly and Jake slipped his fingers between her spread thighs,

"Oh yeah Sammie... Fuck you're soaking! You want me bad huh?!"

She would have laughed but he was right, Sammie had wanted him since she was 15 years old, when the extent of her imagination pictured hand holding and a few furtive kisses. And now that she knew just how amazing he made her feel, just how much pleasure they could give each other, well, she wanted him very badly indeed. 

"Let me take the edge off a little Sammie."

She gasped as his milky fingers dipped inside, rubbing her gently before withdrawing to coat her clit with her creamy arousal. Slowly, maddeningly slowly Jake circled her, the room silent bar her laboured breathing and the slickness of his fingers against her cunt.

"Jake! Please..."

"But you love it when I tease you sweetheart. Look where it got us the first time... All that build up, all that tension..."

Sammie caught his wrist and pressed him harder against her pussy, hissing as his dawdling fingers finally reached their target. She gripped harder, rocking against his hand, feeling the tightness begin to coil inside her, 

"Shit! That is so fucking hot!"

Sammie blinked at him, rubbing herself harder as he flexed his fingers over her clit,

"Watching you use me like that Sammie... just so fucking sexy... I don't know whether to watch or wank..."

Sammie cried as her body shuddered into orgasm, not quite the high intensity cum she got with Jake buried deep inside her but a deep heady orgasm that warmed her blood. She sobbed as Jake ran his fingertips over her folds, tickling her and drawing out her pleasure,

"Fuck baby... you're leaking..."

Jake watched for a second as droplets of milk spilled from her tits, slowly sliding down over her trembling breasts. 

"It's no good Sammie... I need to wank. Sucking your tits and watching you get yourself off with my hand has made me harder than rock... I wanted to come in your mouth but... Fuck!"

Sammie smiled leisurely as Jake gripped his cock, the head already dark and leaking cloudy fluid. His face was a picture, jaw tight, eyes hooded, his teeth biting down into his bottom lip as he began pumping his hand. 

She loved watching him fuck himself, always amazed at the almost feral brutality of his motions, his knuckles almost white as he squeezed. Idly she sat up, squeezing her nipples to unleash another gush of milk and holding his gaze she rubbed it into the copious valley of her cleavage. He stared, his fist never stopping its harsh rhythm as she leant forward, pushing her tits together with her arms, 

"Babe..."

Jake sounded close, agonised and aroused, his chest heaving, 

"Come on Jake... Take what you need..."

He howled as he thrust his erection through the slick warm embrace of her breasts, shaking as she flicked out her tongue to lick his cockhead. He squeezed her tight, clamping her around him as he huffed, pumping harder, his skin dewy with sweat,

"Shit Sammie... Going to fucking spurt all over you... cover you with cum... fuck... so good... so good..."

Sammie gripped his arse and as Jake stilled in surprise she sucked his tip into her mouth, rubbing her tongue over his slit, massaging the sharp relief of the vein just underneath. She hummed, rocking her breasts against him as she sucked again and Jake threw back his head as he thrust, spilling into her mouth. She swallowed the first two loads and released him, watching as he sprayed her tits with cum, gulping as he pulsed against her.

"You okay Jake? Did that take the edge off?"

She grinned cheekily as Jake struggled to focus,

"You think you're so funny Sammie don't you... Honestly, if I didn't love you so much it would be really annoying!" He withdrew from her cleavage, his still hard cock smearing his seed across her stomach down towards her pussy, "Man, it would be so easy to just fill you right here Sammie, so need to bury myself inside of you."

She shook her head at him,

"Two more weeks Jake and then you can have at it. You're the one who keeps saying how you want to keep me barefoot and pregnant. If that happens, you need to get used to my pussy being off limits!"

Groaning Jake flopped onto his back, his arm across his eyes as he regained his breath, 

"Only for six weeks sweetheart. Longest six weeks of my life but still, " Leaning to his side he pulled her in for a kiss, his fingers idly rubbing his semen into her skin, "What?! It's good for stretch marks!"

Sammie shook her head, loving how he could go from passionate to playful, how he made her laugh and how he made her brave,

"And I never realised how horny a pregnant woman could be... I loved that part! Being at your beck and call for sex... "

Sammie snuggled into him, 

"I'll admit to enjoying having you as my very own man whore!"

Feeling his laughter resonate from his chest, she kissed his jaw,

"Man whore!! How very dare you!! If I wasn't a gentleman and you weren't off limits I'd punish you for that."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah!"

He kissed her, a slow kiss that grew with intensity until she was pinned beneath him again, trembling and wet. If the peaceful tranquility of the house hadn't been broken by a loud shrill cry Sammie was certain he'd have made good on his promise.

He pulled back, kissing her forehead and pulling on his jeans, heading for the door,

"I'll go Sammie, I knew it was too good to be true."

He grinned as Sammie reached for the baby wipes, cleaning his cum from her skin in preparation for feeding time. He stared as she thoroughly cleaned her nipples and laughed as she saw his cock pulse behind the denim, 

"Seriously? Jake... babies... crying...?"

He blinked, turning the handle and headed to the nursery,

"JAKE!!"

He popped his head around the door, 

"Sweetheart! You okay?!"

"I'm fine man. I was thinking..."

He cocked his head, a second cry now ricocheting through the house, 

"If you don't like being referred to as a man whore, are you okay with being a motherfucker?!"

...

"Thanks for coming Brett, and thank Laurie for the baby grows because I sure as shit know you didn't buy them!"

Shutting the door Jake flopped down beside Sammie on the sofa, his arms instinctively wrapping around her, 

"Why exactly did we do that again?"

Sammie swatted his arm and rolled her eyes at Rosie and Olivia on the adjoining couch,

"See what I have to contend with! Honestly, the body of an Adonis and the mind of a philistine."

Olivia laughed as Rosie gagged,

"Too much information... ack, ack!"

Jake laughed as he settled Sammie against his chest,

"I'm glad you're here Puds, and you too Livvy. I know it's a bit weird but I'd like to think we are more evolved than most."

Sammie snuggled into him, 

"What he means is that what happened is in the past. We're all grownups and friends, and well..." she turned to Jake who nodded dotingly at her, "We would really like it if you both agreed to be Godmothers to the boys...?"

Rosie leapt up, clapping her hands as Olivia grinned, 

"Told you so!"

"Of course we will. I mean, I will. I can't speak for her but I would be honoured!"

Rosie hugged them both and Jake kissed his sister on the cheek,

"Thank you Rosie. I know this is strange but it just means everything to us to have you in our family."

"Shut up dickwad, you'll make me cry. I said yes didn't I?"

She sat back down and hugged Olivia. Sammie twisted to look at Jake but he didn't seem to notice. The evening had been great, aside from their afternoon dalliance getting interrupted, which Jake thought he should probably get used to, Sammie had been amazing. 

A select gathering of friends, the sole purpose to meet the boys and flood them with gifts. The only disappointment was Sophia's absence but as she called them earlier on Skype from a lingerie show in Italy, promising to return with shit loads of naughty lingerie, Jake has been inclined to forgive her.

Oscar and Isaac were asleep in the nursery and Natalie, Olivia's year old daughter joined them. It seemed crazy to think that only 12 months ago he and Sammie were dancing around each other, teasing each other to the brink of madness with their sexy games and finally scorching the sheets with the kind of sex most people can only dream about. And then Olivia turned up and Sammie ran and Jake thought it was all over. 

And then came Natalie. Sammie had taken it well, amazingly well considering her inability to conceive and her obvious heartbreak about it. His brave beautiful woman had been the rock around which they all clung. It was Sammie who called Natalie's father informing him that he had a child and who on hearing his nonchalance, handed the phone to Rosie who proceeded to rip him a new one across the Atlantic. And it was Sammie who turned her room into a space for Olivia and the baby when they left hospital. He wasn't exactly put out when she moved into his room. 

And four months later, exhausted, emotional and bleary-eyed from helping with night feeds, it was Sammie who comforted him as he stared blindly down at the positive pregnancy test. Turns out that not only was Richard a manipulative prick with control issues but he was also a lying asshole with very slow swimmers. There was never any question about getting rid of the baby and when the scan showed twins Jake thought his heart would leap out of his chest. And boys! Not that he was against the idea of a girl and as soon as Sammie had the all clear he was definitely going to start working on that, but it was nice to have a little testosterone in the place. 

By the time Sammie gave birth, they were settled in their new house, a functional 3 bedroom with a garden and a whitewashed fence and a shed. Jake grinned, he'd gone all out suburbia and he loved it. Waking up to Sammie nursing his sons filled him with happiness, finally living the life he'd never realised he wanted. 

"Why are you looking so smug Edwards?"

Sammie jabbed him in the ribs and he groaned,

"What! I'm just thinking how nice this is, all of us being together... God woman, you can't keep your hands off me for one minute!"

Olivia smiled,

"It is nice to have a bit of quiet although how long the babies will sleep is anyone's guess."

Jake nodded, 

"See! Livvy gets it!"

He pulled Sammie into his lap and pressed his burgeoning erection against her arse,

"JAKE!!"

Rosie snorted, 

"See here was I thinking fatherhood had changed you Jake but I can see that you are still sex mad and a total child to boot!"

He stuck his tongue out and Rosie followed suit, the siblings pulling faces and cracking each other up, 

"Honestly Liv, there was a point there when I wanted to soundproof his room such was the level of his shenanigans..."

Olivia laughed as Jake tried to look shocked and Sammie pressed his hand to her lips, kissing it before settling it over her stomach,

"I still maintain Rosie that you could have learnt a lot if you hadn't been so busy snoring away!"

"I do not snore! Bastard! Take that back!"

"You do Rose... but it's kinda cute."

Sammie and Jake stared at Olivia who shrugged and at Rosie who had suddenly turned scarlet.

"What the fuck...?"

"Are you two together...?"

Olivia grinned and Rosie took her hand, kissing the palm,

"Oh for heaven's sake! Yes! We're together! Jesus, why is that so strange?! All that time Jake you thought I needed to know how to please a man and actually, it turns out that a man was the last thing I needed. Turns out I'm a pretty excellent lesbian thank you very much. And I've got mad skills. Maybe you could learn something?"

Jake almost choked and Sammie laughed,

"He's got some mad skills of his own Puds but it's a nice offer!"

She felt him fidget behind her and squeezed his hand, 

"So Liv... all that time we were together...?"

Olivia shook her head, 

"Honestly, I don't know Jake. Until Rosie, I'd never even been attracted to a woman before and lord knows why it had to be her," Rosie threw a pillow at her and Olivia grinned, "I mean look at her, gorgeous but extremely high maintenance!"

"Tell me about it!"

"After Natalie was born, Rosie was there for me, my friend, my ally, and one day I just looked at her and realised that she was even more than that."

Jake huffed out a breath, 

"And it's the same for you Puds?"

"Pretty much. I finally feel like I'm the person I'm meant to be and with the person who can truly let me be that. And the fact that's she's hot is a bonus!"

Sammie laughed and Rosie kissed Olivia, a gentle kiss with only the merest hint of tongue. Jake barked a laugh and tried to mask it but Sammie felt his cock twitch against her back, 

"If you ruin this Edwards, I will make you regret it!"

"What?! What did I do?"

Sammie rolled her eyes at the others as Jake pressed Sammie down into the sofa, rubbing his nose against hers and tickling her ribs,

"All I was going to say was that anytime they fancied undertaking a new parent orgy I would be more than happy to help, or watch, or participate or film it!"

Sammie scowled as he kissed her, his laughter fading away as his tongue met hers. She forgot about Rosie and Olivia and kissed him back, feeling her nipples bead in anticipation of his touch and if one of the babies hadn't woken, crying out, it was likely she would have straddled him there and then, company be damned. 

Pulling back she glanced at Rosie, her chest heaving and her lipstick smeared, Olivia looked much the same and Sammie tried not to notice how her shirt was suddenly unbuttoned to the waist.

Rosie stood, smiling down at Olivia and bending to kiss her again, 

"I'll go. Fingers crossed it's only wind because I am so not up for a shitty nappy."

"Oh please... you get to burp her, cuddles and songs and I get the poo and the puke! I gave birth to her Rosie, the least you can do it wipe change her diaper!"

"Nappy darling! How many times do I have to tell you that you aren't American! Do you need to be reminded what I had to do to you to stop you saying sidewalk instead of pavement?!"
