 Lying asleep naked next to your warm body in this bed is comforting. I am holding you close and sleeping peacefully. My sleep is woken when I feel something. A grin spreads across my face as I feel your hand slowly stroking my semi-erect cock. I purr as you continue to glide your warm hand up and down my shaft. 

"Sorry to wake you, but I was feeling horny."

I reach over and kiss you, slipping a hand down over your stomach, brushing my fingers against your pussy lips, and feeling their moisture. 

"I can tell." 

I lie back, allowing you to continue to work my cock, enjoying the feeling. You lean in close and I can feel your hot breath on my ear as I pull you closer with the arm that is wrapped around your body. I can feel my cock almost completely hard when there is a knock at the door. 

"Room service!" 

Damn. 

"Can you come back later," I yell. 

"Sorry sir, but it's already 11 and I need to clean this room." 

"Now?" 

"Yes now!" 

I look over at you with a dismayed look in my eyes. I give you a quick kiss and stand up. "

To be continued later."

I grab my pajama bottoms and slip them on as you get up and put on your silky Asian style robe. I go over to the door and unlock it. The maid opens the door and steps in.

I instantly notice how young she is. She is only a few years older than us. She has shoulder length light brown hair and a somewhat shapely body. She comes into the room and sees you standing by the bed. 

"Oh! I'm sorry was I interrupting anything?" 

"No, no. Just clean the room," I say. 

She looks at you. Looks at you long and hard, up and down; her eyes drilling into your robe. You step over towards me. The maid leans over to me, 

"She is quite a looker." 

"I know." 

"Lucky you," she says with a smile. 

"You're not so bad yourself," I say before being able to stop myself. 

She pauses and looks at me. 

"Thank you." 

You scoff and come over to my side. You peer into my eyes with a mischievous look. 

"I think he likes you," you say. 

You put your hand over my crotch and begin to rub. 

“Look at how hard his dick is getting just staring at you." 

I am staring at the maid. Unconsciously I might add, but I can hardly look at you as you rub my hardening cock. The maid leans over to you ear, letting you feel her warm moist breath,

"And I bet it makes your pussy wet just feeling how hard he is.

“You squeeze my cock and purr. 

"Don't worry," she says, "It makes me wet too." 

She slides a hand down and begins to rub your thigh. 

"I bet," I say, trying to laugh off the matter. 

She takes your hand in hers and brings it over to her thigh, resting your hand there. 

"You're girlfriend can check if she wants." 

Before I have a chance to say or do anything, I notice her hand sliding up your thigh. You press your palm down and rub harder onto my cock as you stare at me, watching my reaction to her hand slipping underneath your robe. She must have dipped a finger into your pussy because a moan escapes your lips. 

"My, she is wet." 

She leans in close to you again.

"Check me now." 

I see your hand slipping up her skirt, slowly. I wonder if you will actually do it and before I have a chance to really roll this around my mind, I see her toss her head back as your fingers contact the damp material of her panties. You smile at me and tug my underwear down. My cock flies up and you grasp it. Stroking my cock you say to me,

"You are so hard just watching us see how wet we are. Imagining what is going on beneath our clothes." 

"Here's something for your imagination," the maid says as she begins to slowly insert her fingers into and out of your pussy. 

I hear you moan as she slowly strokes you. You begin to rub the damp material into her pussy. I reach my hand over and slip it underneath her skirt too. I find your hand and slide my fingers in between yours. For a moment, our hands rub her pussy. Then, I move your hand farther up, letting you work her clit while I rub her pussy. She begins to moan as we finger her through her saturated panties. I hear you moan faster and watch your robe slowly come undone. 

"My those are lovely," she says as your nipples come into view. 

"I bet you would like to suck them as much as I would," I say to her. 

She nods her head and I can see her speed up her fingers in your pussy.

"One of us is bound to fall over," I say. 

I nod my head towards the bed and everyone understands. You slip off your robe as I pull down my pajamas. The maid begins to take off her blouse, displaying a firm pair of breasts with hardened nipples on top. Looking at you, she seductively slides her skirt and panties down. Naked, we move to the bed. With you in the middle, the maid and I lean over you, each taking a breast into our mouths. We begin to suck your nipples. I lick the one in my mouth from top to bottom; letting my tongue glide over the sensitive head. The maid sucks hard on your nipple, pulling it into her mouth and licking the tip. She reaches her hand down and continues to finger your pussy using two fingers this time. Occasionally, she'll bring her finger up and rub your clit for several seconds before returning her finger to your dripping hole, pushing it in with long deep strokes. I reach over the maid and slip my finger inside her, mimicking her actions on your pussy. We hear you moan loudly and I can tell that you are probably close to cuming. When have you not been when there is a finger in your pussy and I am sure that the feeling of two mouths on those pert nipples is tantalizingly new and erotic. 

You can feel the maid moan against your nipple. She is now sucking it deep, letting it pop out, running her tongue over it, and then sucking it in again. A simple motion, all she can do as I finger her pussy. I watch as the maid's fingers in and out of you and mimic the motion on her. I watch your mouth become an O. I notice that her finger is buried in you and face up, meaning she is rubbing your G-spot. I lean in and kiss you, feeling your orgasm through your tongue. I suddenly feel the maid's pussy clench around my finger and begin to spasm, her own orgasm working itself through her body.

When both of you are done, I bring my finger to your mouth, letting you taste her juices. They are sweet, but not as sweet as yours. She collapses on top of you, letting her breasts rub against yours. I lean back and look at this erotic image; my softened dick slowly returning to a hardened state. You look over at me and see me slowly stroking my cock, as I look at you two. 

"Honey, you haven't had any," you say to me. 

"You're right," I say as I slip my finger into your pussy. 

I twist it around, collecting your juices, before bringing them to my mouth and tasting them. 

"Why don't you two 69 so you both get some?" the maid suggests. 

Not a bad proposal and in a few seconds we are doing just that. I watch your hovering pussy come down on my face and my tongue drives up into your hole. A second later, I feel your warm wet mouth come cascading down and over my cock. I feel your saliva drip over my cock as you engulf it. I feel you suck hard on to it, pulling it further down your throat. The maid leans parallel to us so she can watch you suck my cock. This gives me the opportunity to slip my fingers into her pussy. My tongue begins to move in a circle around your pussy, tasting it from all sides. I let my fingers mimic the motion inside of her. I move my mouth forward and begin to suck on your clit. I hear you moan around my cock. My fingers wrap around the maid's clit and I begin to stroke it. 

"Ooh!" she says. 

"Oh sweetie, suck that cock!" 

She turns and looks at me, "You like that don't you?" 

I reply by sucking hard on your clit and rubbing faster on hers.

"Hey sweetie," she says to you, "Do you know what your boyfriend is doing right now?" 

I hear a muffled, "Mmm-mmm" from your mouth around my cock. 

"He's fingering my clit. I bet he is sucking on yours right now, isn't he?" 

You nod your consent, sucking me down your throat. I begin to pick up the pace, feeling your pussy begin to tighten. 

"Do you like it when he sucks you like that?" she asks you. 

A faster nod this time, driving my hard cock back down your throat, again and again. 

"If his fingers are this good, I can only imagine what his tongue is doing to you." 

And that's it. I feel your mouth release my cock as your hand slides up and down the wet shaft. You rest your head against my thigh and begin to pant. I suck faster and harder on your clit, letting my tongue flick it with all its might. She reaches a hand over and begins to pet your hair. I hear her moan as I shove my fingers into her and rest my thumb on her clit, moving it in circles. She is gasping, but is still able to talk to you,

"Tell...me....what...he....is doing...to....you." 

You continue to pant for a few more seconds before attempting an answer. 

"His tongue.....my clit....." 

I suck you clit in deep and press my tongue down hard onto it, and then I use the tip of my tongue to move in circles on your clit, never losing contact. 

"Oh G-d!"

I hear you yell and then I feel your pussy juices run onto my face. I return my mouth to your pussy for an instant to scoop out some of those juices before returning to your clit. I click my tongue onto your clit, hitting it with the middle part of my tongue. Over and over again I strike at your hard little button, feeling it twitch. The hand on my cock stops moving as you begin to moan loudly, my face buried in your pussy. As your orgasm subsides, I slip my tongue back into your pussy to clean you out, lapping up your juices. The maid leans over and kisses you, slipping her tongue into your mouth. Even if you wanted to resist, you are too tired to stop her. You feel her warm tongue inside your dry mouth, touching your own tingling tongue. She breaks the kiss and returns to stroking your hair. 

"I bet that felt good." 

You smile and purr her a response. She wraps her hand around yours, the hand on my cock. "But sweetie, you didn't finish the job. Your man is still rock hard." I feel your hands begin to glide up and down my cock. I drop my head from your empty pussy and let you two stroke me, enjoying the feeling. I then shift, to try to get your body off of me so you can lie down. You roll over onto your side and I back up. The maid strokes your hair as you continue to pant a little. She lifts your hand off my cock, but hers returns. 

"Do you mind?" she asks you. 

I can see you are tired and still glowing. You merely nod your consent.

She turns to me. 

"Stand up against the wall," she commands. 

I do as she says and stand up on the bed, leaning back on the wall. She crawls over and sits next to me. She turns her head to the side and slides her mouth over my cock. It is an odd position and I am wondering why she is doing it this way. Then I realize it, so you can watch her suck me off. I enjoy the feeling of her tongue, but I continue to look at you. Watching your strength return as you sit up. After you sit up for a little while, staring at us, the maid reaches her hand down and spreads her pussy lips. 

"Honey, do you mind returning the favor?" I ask you. 

You realize that what I mean, I am asking you to eat her out while she sucks me. You reluctantly crawl over to her on all fours. 

"Hey!" 

You stop inches from her pussy and look up at me. I wink at you. You don't know what this means, but I do and I hope that is at least means, to you, that something is going to happen soon. She removes the hand from her pussy and puts it on my balls, rolling them around in her hand as she sucks me. I look down at you and watch you stick out your tentative tongue. As you near her, you smell her sex. The musky scent wanders up your nose and draws you closer. You slowly bring it to the bottom of her pussy and rest it their. You can taste her juices. They are pouring out of her. The taste is stronger than it was on my fingers. It doesn't taste bad, just unfamiliar. You slowly slide your tongue up her pussy, tasting her lips. A soft moan escapes her lips as I smile down at you. You look up at me and realize that this is all improv. As you lick her pussy, you decide to mimic things I've done to you. You let your tongue go further up and touch her clit. Her mouth tightens around my cock. You notice this and do it again. You begin to realize the power you have over this woman as you lick her pussy. You can cause her to inhale sharply by licking her clit and you repeat this step to test your theory. 

I can hear her moan against my cock as you begin to slide your tongue all over her clit. I am getting very hard watching you. I watch as you move back to her pussy and slowly push your tongue inside. But it seems like you are running out of ideas, so I decide it is time for my own plan to come to fruition. I remove my cock from her mouth. I lean over to you and whisper, "Just try to follow." I wander over behind you. I lean in and stick my tongue in your pussy, the same way you insert your own into her. I begin to circle my tongue inside your pussy. You begin to do the same to her, feeling her walls, tasting her juices. I take my tongue out and run it up and down your pussy lips. 

You do the same to her, feeling her swollen lips. You lick down to her clit and begin to suck on it, as I suck on yours. You begin to mimic all my actions. You lick her clit from side to side. Then up and down. You hear her moan louder as you do this. You then push your tongue down on her clit and swirl it around. Her hand drops onto your head and pulls you tighter into her pussy. You then get an idea of your own and, while still sucking on her clit, you put a finger inside her pussy. You feel her soft we folds easily give way and her spongy insides tighten around your finger. I follow suit and remove my mouth from your pussy and slide a finger into you. You reach up far into her, seeking the G-spot you know is there because you've felt me rub yours so many times. You find the hard spot inside and begin to push your finger against it. You can feel her thighs buck as you do this, enjoying the pleasure you are giving her. You slowly draw your finger out and rub it around her hole. I back off to watch what you are doing. 

I see you slip two fingers deep into her with a fast thrust as she sharply inhales. You then draw your fingers out and begin to rub around her hole again. I position myself behind you and begin to rub the head of my cock around your slit. You move your wet fingers to her clit, remove your mouth, and begin to flick her clit with your fingers. I rub my cockhead on your clit. I hear you moan into her. You move your hand back to her pussy and your mouth back to her clit. You feel my cock return to your slit, awaiting your motions. You push back against me, but I move, not allowing myself to enter you. You then shove your fingers inside of her as she gasps.

I return the favor by shoving my wet hard cock all the way inside of you. Now it is you who are gasping. I feel your walls tighten and contract around my cock, getting used to the sudden intruder. You regain composure and begin to finger her. I mimic you motions, but I am pushing you further into her as I thrust. I can hear your muffled moans around her clit as I thrust into you. Even though it is easier to finger her, this position doesn't warrant it very well, so you slip your fingers out of her. You return your mouth to her pussy, bending over more. 

I continue to plunge into you with long slow strokes, figuring your tongue can't thrust as fast as your fingers. Your tongue pushes into her juices wetness. Her juices begin to cover your face. You can feel her walls tighten around your tongue. You occasionally withdraw your tongue to lap up her overflowing juices. You move your hand up to her clit, knowing how much you enjoy this. As your tongue fucks her pussy, your fingers rub her clit. I help you out by increasing the power of my thrusts. Each one pushing your tongue deep into her pussy, pushing your face against her sex. I reach for your hand and bring it back to your own clit, having you work her clit with one hand and yours with another. 

The maid reaches underneath you and grabs a hold of your breasts, both to support you and so she can pull on your nipples. She pulls on your hard nipples. When she begins to twist them, you begin to twist her clit, letting her feel what she is doing to you. I can feel your pussy getting tighter and I know that hers must be tightening around your cock. You drop your hand from your clit to support yourself, continuing to rub hers, wanting her to get off. With numb hands, you two fingers against her clit and begin to rub it in fast circles. I push harder and faster into you, rubbing my cockhead against your cervix. 

The maid pulls your head against her as she begins to cum. Your tongue moves as fast as it can to lap up her juices and lick her pussy clean. All the while, you are still rubbing her clit. I begin to speed up my actions, pushing you deeper into her, making sure you lick her as deeply as possible. As her orgasm subsides, yours begins. She leans down to look at your face, twisted into an O and moaning loudly. She reaches a hand down and begins to rub your clit as I fuck you hard and fast. My cock begins to twitch inside your quaking pussy. As you begin to scream, the maid reaches up and quiets you by showing her tongue into your mouth. She feels your orgasm through your tongue as you kiss her passionately, lost in the moment. I feel your juices pour out of you as your pussy quakes around me. The sight of her and you kissing and your trembling pussy pushes me over the edge and I add my juices to yours. I hold you still for a second as I begin to shoot my hot cum deep inside of you. 

I then return to thrusting into you, letting your clenching pussy milk my cock. I watch as you two continue to kiss, my cum emptying into you. I imagine her tongue swirling around yours as my cum swirls inside your body. I collapse on top of you, spent. My tired body on top of your tired body causes us to fall down. The maid looks at us with a smile. She gives me a quick kiss and says, 

"That looked like fun. Maybe later it will be you and I." 

She then gets dressed as we sprawl out on the bed. She runs back over to you, sucks on each breast and then kisses you again, letting her tongue explore your panting mouth. 

"Thanks, that was terrific sweetie. My pussy never felt better than with your tongue in it." 

"You should try it with his," you say. 

She smiles and runs over to the door, gathering her stuff. 

"What about the room?" I ask. 

"I think you two will make plenty of use of it in the meantime." 

She begins to step out of the room. 

"Meantime?" I ask.

She sticks her head back in. 

"The meantime meaning the time before I come back for more." 

She smiles and is gone. I look over to you and chuckle. You curl up in my arms and we drift back towards sleep.