 We walked along the water.

It had been a great spring break, there was no doubting that. Charlotte and I had never been in non-stop contact with each other for a whole week before, and I was driving us crazy, at least sexually. The first two days we had just had sex constantly. Three times the first night, twice the second. Then, she got her period. 

That, of course, didn't stop the flirting. The way she touched me, the way she dressed, the way she looked... she was the perfect girl when I could have sex with her, and the worst tease when we couldn't.

All that day, it had been a struggle. We played minigolf, and every time it was my turn to putt, she had bent over as if she had dropped something. From the front or the back, it was a delicious sight. She licked her lips constantly, and it seemed like all she had been eating were hotdogs and popsicles, and she ate them slowly, with a degree of eye contact. I started to think she was doing it on purpose. On the beach, she had me put suntan lotion on her at least three times, and her smooth, warm skin under mine was beginning to drive me wild. 

She insisted on applying lotion to me too, and her smooth, slippery hands made me hard every time. I knew she could tell, my swim trunks weren't good at hiding anything. But she still insisted on sliding her hands all the way up my thigh, "just to be safe."

When we went back to the beach house, she had taken a shower alone, but needed me to come in and pass her a towel when she was done. I was beginning to think she was doing it on purpose, driving me crazy.

I thought about the day's events as we walked along the water.

"Where are we going?" Charlotte asked. I pointed towards the glowing boardwalk in front of us. It was an enormous boardwalk, filled with crappy games, bad foods, and probably unsafe rides. I knew she would love it.

We spent hours on the boardwalk. She did love it. We started at one end and worked our way to the other, stopping in every arcade, shop, and line for a ride. It was great. But she didn't let up. When they rode the rollercoaster, she put her hand on the inside of my thigh. Whenever it was exciting, she would squeeze tight. I started to feel like I was always going to be hard. As we walked, I wondered if everyone else could see the bulge straining in my swim trunks. 

We were in an arcade when we saw a photo booth. I put a dollar in, and Charlotte dragged me through the curtain. She sat me down, and put her ass on my knee. As the first picture took, she started to slide her ass higher on my leg. As the second picture clicked, I started to feel her ass press against my hard dick. When the third went, I could feel my dick being enveloped. The sensation was wonderful. She reached behind my head and started grinding against my hard dick. She pushed against me, making me harder than ever. 

After being teased all day, it almost felt like I could cum right there. As the fourth and fifth pictures took, I grabbed her hips and pushed against her. By the time the last picture took, I had reached up and grabbed her soft breast. She tilted her head back for the picture, but when it was done, she slapped my hand away and hopped out of the booth.

I followed her and waited for the pictures to come out. The pictures looked like something from a porn, and it didn't do anything to reduce my erection. I grabbed the pictures and went looking for Charlotte.

When I found her outside of the arcade again, Charlotte was looking around, a little disappointed. The boardwalk was nearly empty, and some of the rides were shutting down. I handed her the picture and she put it in her bag. 

"One last ride?" she asked.

I wasn't sure what she meant, but I was hoping for something like the ride I just got in the photo booth. She started walking towards the ferris wheel. I let her walk in front for a minute, and watched her ass bounce a little with every step. But, when she reached the gate of the ferris wheel, I saw the worker closing up. I jogged up ahead of Charlotte to talk to the guy. "Sorry kid, we're closed."

"Can't we just get one ride? Just me and my girlfriend."

The guy looked at me funny. I wondered if he knew what I was thinking. "You got tickets?"

"I do."

"What else you got?"

I reached into my swim trunks. All I had left after the arcades and the photobooth was a five dollar bill. I handed it to him. 

"Five dollars? Five minutes."

That was all he said. He unlatched the gate, and pointed to the wheel. At the bottom of the wheel was an open cage with two seats facing each other. Charlotte walked in front and sat down in the left seat. I sat down in the right seat. The worker closed the door for us and walked over to a giant lever. He pushed it, and gave me a wink. I hoped Charlotte didn't see. But when I looked back at her, she wasn't looking at the carnie. She was looking at the bulge in my shorts that I had forgotten was there. The ferris wheel started to move.

"Loot at that," she said, as our cage climbed into the air.

"At what?" I asked.

She looked around, as if someone could hear. But we were completely alone, and high in the air.

"At your dick," she said. "You're huge right now."

"I am. What are you going to do about it?" We reached the top of the ferris wheel, and the car stopped moving. I remembered what the guy had said. 5 minutes.

"Whatever you want," she said.

I shifted my hips forward, and undid the knot holding up my swim trunks. "Put it in your hand," I said.

Without a word, Charlotte leaned forward and kissed me. Without breaking, she reached down and started tugging at my shorts. I felt her fingertips against my stomach as she grabbed my waistband and pulled. I lifted my ass up off the seat, and she pulled until my painful erection sprung free. She reached forward, and I could feel her cool hand wrap around my dick. She broke the kiss and looked down. 

"You're ready to go," she said. "I don't think I've ever seen you this hard."

"We don't have much time." I said.

She feigned confusion. "Much time? To do what?" Her hand stayed gripped tight against my dick, but didn't move. 

"To make me cum," I said as confidently as I could.

"Oh is that what we're doing?"

I nodded.

"Then we better hurry up, huh?"

Without waiting for a response, she dropped down to her knees in front of me. She started jerking me fast. She put one hand under my balls and gently pressed. The other stroked me quickly, back and forth, up and down. I could see the determination and excitement in her eyes. This was a no-frills handjob for sure. She didn't want to seduce me slowly, or to bring me to the brink - she had been doing that all day. What she wanted was to make me cum, and fast. I started thinking that she wanted me to cum as badly as I did. 

"How much time until we start going down? How much time until you have to cum?"

"I don't know... the guy said 5 minutes."

"5 minutes!"

She rested her head on my thigh and watched her own work.

It was great to watch. Her wide eyes and small, knowing hands were doing wonders to me. My dick was as hard and big as it ever was, and within moments I could feel my balls starting to tighten. It seemed like all the blood and energy in my body was being diverted to my groin. I started thrusting up and down. 

"5 minutes isn't a lot of time!" she said, and lifted her head off my thigh. "Maybe we need to try something else."

Charlotte cupped her hand and brought it to her mouth. "Look away," she said. 

Charlotte thought it was un-ladylike for a girl to spit, but I knew what she was doing. I looked out on the view in front of me. I could see a lot of ocean, but only a little bit of beach. To my right, I caught a glimpse of the boardwalk below me, and the tops of the heads of college students and families alike before I was shocked with the feeling of Charlotte's warm and wet hand stroking my dick.

I looked back down to see her looking up at me. Her lips were glistening, and a thin trail of spit connected her hand and her mouth. If she knew it was there, she'd be mortified. 

"Can anyone see us?" she asked.

"They can't see you. They can probably see me."

She looked nervous, but her slippery hands continued their rapid pace.

"No one can tell, I promise," I said.

"Good," she said, " 'cause we're running out of time."

I watched as she jacked me off. She was really getting into it - both hands were on my dick now, she wasn't just stroking up and down anymore. She was gripping harder than before and alternating slow and fast rhythms. I felt her soft hands grip the very bottom and slowly slide all the way up the top, from the base, up the shaft, to the sensitive space under the head. When she reached the head, her hands twisted over themselves to give me an almost unbearable sensation. She slowly twisted her hands back down to the base. Then, she would stroke me up and down, faster than before, for what seemed like eternity. And then again, she would return to her slow, twisting speed.

She leaned forward, and started to lick on my balls. If I hadn't been in heaven, I might have thought it was funny that she wouldn't let me see her spit, but she grinned like the devil when she saw me watching her lick my balls. She gently sucked them into her mouth as her hands, now reaching over her head, continued to slide over my dick. 

It was almost too much. Even though we only had moments left, I tried frantically to hold off on my orgasm - anything to prolong the pleasure. I leaned back for a while, trying to control my breathing, as her mouth and sloppy hands slid over me, gripped me, made me twitch.

I looked back down, convinced I had successfully avoided my orgasm, and without missing a beat, with her mouth full and face half hidden by my dick, she winked at me. It was too much. 

I felt my balls shifting inside her mouth, and my dick strained in her hands. With no more warning, I started shooting my cum straight into the air. The first few spurts rained down on Charlotte's face, but she didn't stop tonguing my balls, nor did she stop swirling her hands on my dick. I leaned back again and closed my eyes, as she pulled all the cum out of my body. 

When I opened my eyes, I looked forward and saw much more beach than I had seen a moment before.

"We're moving!" I said, panicked. Charlotte looked up from her work. Her hands and face were covered with my cum. A thick rope of it spread from the middle of her forehead down her nose straight to her chin. A big white mess was spread around on her cheeks and nose, and her hands were drenched. 

She quickly sat up, and I pulled my shorts back on. She adjusted herself, and quickly sucked the cum off of her hands as the ferris wheel rode to the ground. 

When we got to the bottom, the ferris wheel operator opened the door and gave us a funny look. I wondered if he knew what we really did up there. I wondered if he thought we just spent our five minutes staring out at the ocean, innocently holding hands.

I got my answer a moment later, when, walking away from him, I saw the cum spread over Charlotte's face. A long string of cum was hanging from her chin. 

"What?" she said, innocently.

The string of cum dropped from her chin and onto the wood of the boardwalk, and I could feel myself getting hard again. 

We walked along the boardwalk, hand in hand, all the way from the far end to the beach. At no point did we stop to wash or wipe her face off. I'm not sure if anyone even noticed, but I don't know how they could have missed it. By the time we reached the beach, most of the cum had dried, and what hadn't was thin and clear, almost like water. 

We walked down to the water, and she dropped down on her knees on the shore. Charlotte splashed the saltwater on her face until the cum was gone. She looked up at me, with her face glistening. The moon splashed over her, and she shone.

"That was fun," she said. 

I nodded, grinning. She smiled back. I helped her up, and we walked back, hand in hand, along the water.