 I hate to travel. Especially for business. There is nothing worse than spending long days in meetings and then having to come back to a hotel, only to spend time on paperwork, or, sometimes, watching TV.

This trip started out like all the others. A long drive to a distant city. The futile attempt to enlighten clients whose capacity to try new ideas is almost non-existent. Then the drive to the hotel. And no matter how posh the hotel, it simply can't match the pleasure of sitting in the comfortable surroundings of your own home.

But this trip wasn't like all the others.

After meeting with clients all day, I arrived back at the hotel, and after freshing up a little, wiping as much of the dismal day off my person as I could, I went down to the hotel restaurant for dinner.

The dinner selection that was posted on the entryway was fairly impressive for such a small hotel.

The woman who greeted me led me to a table near the back of the dining room and expressed her hope that I would enjoy my meal.

After a few moments, my waitress arrived and asked if I wanted to start off with a drink. I started to answer that water would be just fine, and that I'd take coffee with my meal, when I looked up into a pretty smiling face. I stopped in mid-sentence before I quickly collected myself and finished my request. The woman was probably about 25 years old with one of the loveliest faces I had seen in a long time. She was only about 5 feet tall, or 5-2 at the most. Her body had a few extra pounds on it, but she carried herself in a very alluring way. She mentioned that her name was Kim and I confirmed it by glancing at the name tag that was pinned to her blouse.

Kim was a very good looking woman. But there was something about her that went beyond just good looks.

She went off to get my glass of water, and the way she moved was very sexy. She didn't slink or vamp, but her step had a spring to it that reminded me of a cute cheerleader about to do a somersault at the big game. Yes, it was a very pleasing sight that was moving away from me.

When she came back, she placed the glass before me and said, "There you are, sir. Are you ready to order?" but it was the way she said it, the way she had of sounding like she really did care about what I was about to order that struck me. Her smile was charming, and her eyes sparkled like no others I had ever seen.

Kim was a terrific waitress. She doted on me. Made sure I had everything I needed. All the time moving with such a sexy grace that I started to flirt with her. I complimented her on her hair. She giggled a thank you back at me. I told her a corny joke. She laughed anyway. 

I was totally charmed by her.

When I finally finished my meal, she brought me the bill. "I'll take that up for you when you're ready," she said, and flitted off again.

I pulled out my wallet and left a $100 bill. The check was only for 25 dollars. I wrote a little note on it. "Kim, you are a very beautiful and charming woman. Thanks for everything."

I then got up and left, a little embarrassed by what I had just done. After all, I was old enough to be her father.

Back up in my room, I settled into my dreary routine, checking my notes from the day's meetings before finally turning on the television as I started to get ready for bed. I was in the bathroom washing my face and brushing my teeth, when I heard a knock on my door. "Who could that be," I asked myself.

I looked through the peephole and saw that it was a woman. I opened the door and instinctly said, "Yes?" before I realized that it was Kim who was standing there.

"Oh, Kim, it's you! Is something the matter?"

"I just finished up downstairs and I wanted to pop up and say thank you for that wonderful tip! I stopped by the desk and found out what room you were in. I hope you don't mind."

"Of, course, I don't mind, Kim. You made my dinner a most pleasureable experience."

"Would you mind if I came in for a moment?", she asked.

I must have had a puzzled look on my face because she quickly added, "I'd like to tell you something in private."

I quickly looked up and down the empty hallway. We couldn't be anymore private than were at that moment. But I opened the door and let her come in.

She walked a little ways into the room, stopped, and turned towards me.

"I just wanted to tell you that your note was the most wonderful thing that anybody's said to me in a long time."

"Well, Kim, it's true. You are a lovely woman."

"I just thought that maybe you'd like to sit and talk for a while. You seem like a very nice guy."

I offered her a seat in one of the two chairs in my room and I took the other. I asked her how long she had been working at the hotel. She asked about my business. All the while her smile was melting my heart. As we talked, I realized that she was the one doing the flirting now. And young women do not flirt with me much anymore. 

No, they never flirt with me anymore.

After a while she asked if she could use the bathroom. I said okay and she got up and left me sitting there. "What is going on here?" I asked myself, mystified by the circumstances.

Kim emerged from the bathroom and came over to stand in front of me. Her blouse was unbuttoned to the waist. She wasn't wearing a bra and the soft curves of her breasts were peeking from behind the edges of the open blouse.

I must have looked totally dumbfounded because she moved closer to me and whispered, "You've touched me tonight with your kindness and sweet words, and now I want to touch you."

Since she emerged from the bathroom I had not breathed at all. After she spoke I let out all of my breath in one great exhale. I sank back into my chair. "This can't be happening to me," I thought.

She let the blouse fall from her shoulders, revealing the fullness of her breasts. A deft move at her skirt soon let it fall in a pile at her feet. She wasn't wearing any panties and her pussy, exposed there before me, looked as sweet as any I had ever seen.

She moved over to the bed and slipped off her shoes, revealing pink-toed feet that accented the sexiness of the rest of her body.

She slid into the center of the bed and tapped on the surface beside her, indicating that she wanted me to join her.

I stammered, "Kim, I'm married."

"That's okay, what we're going to do doesn't count as cheating."

I stood up and quickly undressed, not fully understanding what was going on, but unable to stop it.

I moved onto the bed beside her. She pulled herself closely to me and began caressing my chest. My hand moved to her breasts. They were soft. Softer than I could have ever imagined. 

I moved my hand to her back and ass and pulled her more tightly into me. I had never felt such softness before. I gazed over at her body. It was gorgeous. I looked at her face. She had such a look of longing on it that a shiver shot through me.

I sat up and moved down the bed to her feet. I picked them up, one at a time and gently kissed them. I continued down her legs. I kissed her ankles and her calves. As I kissed her thighs I could feel them quiver a little and she let out a low moan. As I held her legs, I could feel them strain to move apart. I leaned forward until my face was directly in front of her pussy. I could see the moisture that was already making her pussy lips glisten. Seeing this, I couldn't help myself. I moved closer and gently kissed and licked her clit. After a few brief moments of these kisses, her body tensed. She let out a very long, deep moan.

This whole experience -- the sight, the feel, the sound -- had aroused me beyond belief. I moved up to lay beside her and began kissing her breasts. Her nipples were erect and hard as diamonds. I moved my hand to her pussy and began rubbing her clit. Her body began rocking as my hand moved and as I continued to applie pressure on her pussy.

Soon she was cumming again. Her body tensed. Her back arched. Her legs twitched. As I looked down at her feet, I could see that her toes were curled back. Kim's face strained toward me. With one hand she grabbed my head and pulled it toward her. She kissed me deeply as she came in three strong waves before her body finally relaxed.

Kim lay beside me breathing deeply. She looked at me and her face glowed with pleasure.

After a few moments, she got about and began playing with my cock. She stroked it up and down expertly with her hand. She got up on her knees, with her ass in the general direction of my head. Soon my cock was inside her soft, wet mouth, and as she moved it in and out, she ran her tongue all around the shaft.

I moved my hand to her ass and began caressing it as she continued sucking on me. I inserted a finger into her pussy, and then a second. Kim was really working on my cock. It was ecstacy! I had never felt such warmth and wetness, such electric sensations.

I knew that I wouldn't last much longer. "Kim, I going to cum," I groaned. She removed her mouth from my cock and gave the shaft two quick strokes with her hand. I came in a long stream that hit my chest and neck. My body convulsed as she continued to massage my throbbing cock, squeezing every drop of cum out of it..

After moment, Kim got up and went into the bathroom. She emerged with a towell and began wiping the cum from my chest. She then lay there in my arms for a good ten mintues, neither of us saying a word.

Finally she got up, gathered up her things and began to dress. I watched her intently, but I couldn't move. I couldn't say anything. I didn't know what to say anyway. When she was dressed, she came over to me and kissed me sweetly and said, "You are the kindest man I've ever met. Take care sweetie."

She went to the door, opened it and disappeared from my life forever.