 Helori was just a lowly maid at the grand Hotel Borg in Reykjavik, the capital city of Iceland on the shore of the Artic Ocean.

Helori had been born an Icelander twenty-one years earlier and had found employment with the hotel after leaving school at eighteen.

With three years seniority Helori was one of the senior maids and responsible for all the rooms on the hotel's forth floor.

It promised to be a busy weekend with the G8 conference being held in Reykjavik the entire hotel was booked with delegates and their entourages. 

Lawrence Gooding was an advisor to the finance minister of Great Britain, one of the delegates to the conference. Lawrence was a gentle manner slender man in is forties, a decided bachelor consumed by his work. He was attending the conference unaccompanied and had the large forth floor suite to himself.

The light was flashing on the telephone when Helori went into the forth floor linen room. Helori dialed housekeeping.

Room 4210 wanted more towels. Helori grabbed a couple of white terry bath towels from the self and headed to 4210.

Helori knocked lightly on the door to 4210, "Maid!" she announced.

Momentarily an older man wearing one of the hotel's robes opened the door.

Helori offered him the two towels she had in her arms.

"Thank you." The man said, "Do you know how to work the shower?"

Foreign guests often had trouble understanding the Nordic plumbing, it was unique.

"I will show you." Helori offered.

Helori followed him through to the bathroom and explained the operation of the bath faucet to him.

The guest thanked her and then asked if she knew where a guy could get a girl? 

It was a question guest usually asked the concierge but Helori was able to help him.

The pretty young Icelander augmented her hotel income by offering her services to lonely guests away from home. For an agreed upon sum she would make the guest's stay considerably more enjoyable.

Helori asked the man what time he would like her to return?

Helori waved to Stan on the desk as she hurried through the lobby to the bank of elevators. She entered the elevator when the doors opened and pushed the "4" button. The doors closed and the elevator hummed upwards to the forth floor.

Helori had time to go home and have something to eat. She the showered and fixed her hair and makeup and grabbed a taxi back to the hotel. Under her beige raincoat she was completely nude.

She knocked on 4210 and her client quickly opened the door.

"Good, right on time." He greeted her.

Helori entered the room and slipped off her coat.

Helori stood tall and naked before Gooding. The 5'9" blonde goddess with lean "A" cup breasts and a golden fleece covered pussy. Her erect nipples were the delicate pink of a tropical sunset and her eyes blue glimmering pools. Helori's long shapely rose up to form the tightest buttocks Gooding had ever seen.

"You like?" she smiled.

Gooding was speechless, for three hundred Euros he was going to get to spend the night in bed with this statuesque beauty.

Helori sat relaxed while Gooding poured their drinks.

Gooding was still wearing a hotel robe.

"Are you going to show me what I am getting?" Helori smiled devilishly as she too her drink from her host. 

Gooding put his drink down and unfastened the belt of his robe. Opening the robe Gooding erection sprang out into Helori's view.

"Not bad!" she grinned studying his hard cock.

Helori estimated he was seven to eight inches, circumcised with a large mushroom head, the kind she liked. 

Helori and Gooding sat exchanging small talk while drinking their drinks. Helori learned that Gooding lived with is younger married sister and her husband in a small town near London, England. His sister had a daughter almost as old as Helori.

Gooding told Helori that his niece was constantly teasing his going about the house in little more than panties and a bra at time when her parents were out. He confessed that he had fantasized many times about fucking her. 

"How would you like to do some roll playing?" Helori asked Gooding.

"What do you mean?" Gooding was uncertain.

"I will be your niece." Helori volunteered.

"Would you do that?" Gooding smiled.

"What's her name?" Helori asked.

"Kate." Gooding's cock got harder.

"Let me suck your cock Uncle Lawrence." Helori pleaded in her little girl voice.

Helori moved over to where Gooding was sitting and dropped to her knees between his legs. She reached out and took his cock in her hand feeling it twitch when she touched it.

"This is going to be easy," thought Helori as she lowered her mouth over the head of Gooding's cock.

Gooding let out a low guttural moan as Helori's mouth swallowed up Gooding's meat.

"Oh yes Kate!" he groaned as Helori's lips sealed around his shaft.

Helori was skilled at sucking cocks as over her five years at the hotel she had sucked countless guests' cocks.

Helori had quickly learned that lonesome men were willing to pay outrageous sums of money for her favors. 

The extra money had allowed her to keep her elderly parents in a comfortable lifestyle. Their modest bungalow was paid for and they wanted for nothing.

Helori easily took all of Gooding's entire cock into her mouth and her lips pressed against his pubic hair as the head entered her throat. 

Helori's tongue went to work doing its magic. Sliding up to lower surface of his shaft it danced up over its head and pirouetted on the tip. She tasted the salty tang of precum she was responsible for.

Helori began bobbing her head so Gooding's cock was sliding in and out, in effect fucking her face. She had a firm grip on the base of his cock controlling its position in her head. 

"Oh God Kate, suck Uncle Lawrence's cock like a good girl!" Gooding groaned.

Helori prepared for the forthcoming blast of Gooding's sperm.

He came in three forceful spurts, each firing his white goo into her throat. The slimy jism slide down her trachea like salty escargot. 

Helori swallowed every drop before surrendering Gooding's cock from her mouth. 

"Oh God, that was so good!" Gooding smiled with his spent cock.

"Wouldn't you like to eat Kate's pussy?" Helori smiled.

It was Gooding's turn to go to his knees between Helori's spread legs. As his face neared her open cunt he could smell her raunchy musk. Carefully his tongue entered her delicate pink pocket.

Her taste was both sweet and pungent, the tangy flavor of a female in heat. Gooding's tongue started at the bottom and slid up to her aroused clitoris.

Helori moaned, gently closing her legs on the sides of Gooding's head clamping his face in her pussy. 

Gooding ate her with the vigor of a starving dog, his tongue slurping into every nook and crevice of her moist clam.

"Oh yes Uncle Lawrence, eat my cunt!" Helori moaned.

Helori did have an orgasm as she usually did when a guy was eating her. It was a mild one sending shivers up he spine and causing her to release some love juice into Gooding's hungry mouth.

"That was so good Uncle Lawrence!" Helori said as Gooding withdrew his smiling face from between her legs.

Helori had to with hold a laugh, Gooding looked so comical with his cum smeared face. 

Gooding's cock had revived and he was ready to explore the depths of Helori's womanhood. 

Helori turned down the covers and got into Gooding's bed. Looking as seductively as she could with her legs spread she beseeched him to join her.

"Fuck me Uncle Lawrence." she pleaded. 

Gooding was on top of her in a flash, guiding the head of his cock into her damp portal.

"Oh yes Uncle Lawrence!" she whimpered as his cock started filling her void.

Gooding's eight inches slid nicely into her waiting pouch, gently stretching her vaginal walls to accommodate his girth. Helori felt his balls being pressed against her flesh signaling he was fully in her.

Helori wrapped he long legs around Gooding's trunk embracing him into her womanhood. The fair skinned Icelander allowed her lover to create the rhythm of their lovemaking as her nubile body followed his.

Helori did not have a boyfriend. She limited her heterosexual activities to men who were willing to pay to use her body scavenging an orgasm here and there along the way. 

Helori's true love was Magga, the petite girl who worked in the pastry shop. Helori and Magga had been lovers since they were both eighteen. Having both attended the same school together they discovered the magic of soft love.

Magga was only five two with the body of a fourteen-year-old boy. Her breasts were almost non-existent and her mousy brown hair was snatched back in plaits. Magga was completely natural and her pubic hair was unchanged from the way it had grown in. 

Magga also lived with her parents so the two girls had to steal there moments of lovemaking as opportunities presented themselves.

Helori joined Gooding as the tempo of his fucking increased. She knew he was building up to blowing his rocks off into her.

"Oh Uncle Lawrence, I love your cock!" she sighed.

Gooding was quickly approaching cumming in Helori who was writhing under him like wildcat.

"Fuck me! Fuck me!" Helori urged.

She could tell by the look on his face he was about to come. Helori had stared into so many men's eyes as they drained their balls into her handy vessel. With her legs she pulled herself tightly into Gooding's spout to receive his sperm as it spewed out of him. 

"Oh God Kate, I'm cumming!" Gooding groaned as his balls tightened expelling his hot sperm into Helori's womb.

Helori felt the warmth of his cum flooding her cavity; she always enjoyed the sensation of a man cumming in her.

"Oh yes Uncle Lawrence, you are so good." Helori moaned.

She had not achieved an orgasm this time but he motto was "the customer cums first"! She knew she would have man more opportunities to enjoy herself before morning. He task right now was to look after her man.

"I think you deserve a little nap Uncle Lawrence" Helori said as she snuggled up to the exhausted Englishman.