 This is a true story although I have changed the names to protect the guilty. I am not proud of cheating with the girlfriend of a brother in arms but in the end, no harm was done.

*

I served as a Lieutenant in the Army in the late 1980s and early 1990s as an infantry officer at Fort Bragg. I lived with a fellow officer and friend in a two story apartment off base. My roommate Chris was an infantry officer as well and we had gone through Ranger and Jump school together. Chris' girlfriend, Martie, eventually followed him to Bragg after she lost her job as a sales rep and moved in with us. Martie living with us was supposed to be temporary and was a source of contention between me and Chris because she was not paying rent. I was dating my girlfriend and now wife Shell, who visited most weekends and Shell and Martie did not get along. Shell thought that Martie was taking advantage of the situation and also thought Marty was a little trashy. Shell would not admit it but she was probably a little upset about me having a female roommate whose boyfriend was gone for extended periods. 

Chris and I were in different units and our deployment schedules were not the same. Chris went on a 6 month deployment about a year after we got to Bragg and I was left with Martie as my roommate. Martie knew my girlfriend did not like her and we did not interact much. I was busy and she would go out with her friends. We did not hang out together other than the occasional night when we were both home. I did find her attractive and Chris had told me she was great in the rack. Chris fucked her the first night he met her and before they got serious he would regale all his buddies with stories of their sexual exploits. Martie had a nice body from years as a competitive swimmer. She was just a few inches less than 6 feet tall and had nice breasts and a muscular lower body. Her best feature was her ass which was just about perfect. It always reminded me of a sprinter's butt which you don't see on many swimmers. 

Unfortunately, her personality was a turn off and the only time I spent any time thinking about her sexually was when I would find her lingerie in our dryer. That occurred almost every time I did my laundry since she was a very poor housekeeper and I don't think she ever pulled her clothes out on her own.

About a month after Chris was deployed Martie went out with her friends and never came home that night. When she saw me the next day she made a big deal about telling me she had gotten drunk and stayed at one of her girlfriend's place. I found out a few days later from a buddy of mine that he knew the guy who she had hooked up with and he was claiming to have fucked her. It did not surprise me and I felt bad for Chris. I thought about telling him but figured it could wait until he got back. No need to make him miserable while deployed. 

Martie sensed that I knew something about her cheating on Chris. I could tell by how nice she was to me and how talkative that she was hiding something. I did not say anything to Martie either but my attitude toward her changed. I really had no patience for her and I did not engage in much conversation other than to tell her to clean up her mess in the kitchen which was always a source of contention.

Things changed on Super Bowl Sunday. I had planned on having a few buddies over for the game and had set up a few gambling games. We were going to bet on everything from the coin flip, first score, half-time score, and pretty much everything else we could think of. None of us had to be on base until noon the following day so we were going to get drunk and watch another bad Super Bowl. Unfortunately, one of my buddies got a DUI the night before the game which is a real serious for an Army officer. Because of the DUI, we decided to scrap the Super Bowl party. I was bummed but resigned myself to watching the game alone and having a few beers. 

Martie was with me and suggested we play the gambling games anyway. I told her it would be no fun since there was no money to wager and just the two of us playing. She suggested that we bet against each other and the loser has to do a Tequila shot. I had already had a few beers and so I went along with it. By the end of the first quarter both of us had drank several shots and by halftime I was pretty well hammered and so was Martie.

I suggested that we change the rules and the loser of each bet had the choice of doing another shot or doing whatever the other person wanted for a period of 5 minutes. I was not thinking sexual things but I did want to order her to get me another beer and fold her laundry. She agreed and I promptly won the first bet. She declined the shot and I put her to work. She got me a beer, cleaned up the empties and I made her call me 'Sir'. She won the next one and among other things made me do push ups and hand feed her chips and salsa. On my next win I made her give me a back massage which she did quite well. I actually started thinking evil thoughts as she sat on me and rubbed my back. 

By now we were betting on stupid things like whether the next play would result in a first down. Martie lost another and I told her to get the clothes out of the dryer and fold them. I thought my clothes were in the dryer but she returned with her own. As she folded I decided to see how far I could push things. The tequila courage was flowing through me so when she picked up a pair of her panties I told her to put them on. To my disappointment she left the room to do it. When she came back I told her to prove she had complied and she pulled her jeans down slightly to show me the upper edge of her panties. I then went for the big hit knowing my time as master was running out. I told her to bring me her three sexiest outfits so I could choose which one she must wear.

She surprised me by responding, "I'm not sure Chris would like this too much Jim".

"I know Shell wouldn't but whose going to tell. Now, you lost a bet and nobody likes a welcher." I replied and off she went. 

I expected her to return with a short skirt and sexy blouse of some sort but she had misunderstood my order. I had intended for her to bring back a sexy dress, skirt or blouse but to my delight she returned with lingerie sets. I chose a tan silk negligee and matching panties.

"Get into uniform." I commanded drunkenly knowing my 5 minutes was fast running out.

When she came back she was a little embarrassed but looked incredible and I realized our little game had crossed a line that we were both likely to regret. In my state of inebriation, I did not care. 

I did not particularly like Martie and my carefree attitude was making it easy for me to do this. I was not bothered by what she thought of me and if she protested I could always bring up her cheating on Chris previously. But like the tramp she was she went right along with it. I told her the next bet was a coin flip and she won. She turned the tables on me and told me to strip down to my boxers. My erection was standing straight up and she joked that I must like her outfit. I did and she told me to massage her feet. She was on the couch so I put her feet in my lap right on top of my erection and began rubbing. I moved high on her legs but stopped short of her crotch. I could tell she was not going to stop me but I wanted to be in control when I took her pussy. When her time was up I flipped again. I won. 

Here goes nothing I thought. I had more audacity and control over Martie than the hookers I bought in Thailand and this chick was my roommate's girlfriend. I made her take another shot and then told her to straddle me as I sat on the couch. I pulled her negligee down to expose her boobs and began sucking on her nipples. I took her hand and put it on her panty covered crotch and told her to rub herself. She loved the way I sucked and licked her nipples and it was clear to me that I could fuck her anytime I wanted. She tried repeatedly to grab my cock but each time I would push her hand back to her pussy and tell her not to disobey me. 

"You are a tease." She said desperately.

"You have no idea." I responded.

I told her to turn around so that she was now straddling me with her back to my stomach as I sat on the couch. I pushed her head down until her hands were on the floor and her ass was sticking up in the air. I pulled her panties down to her mid thighs and now her ass and pussy were right in front of me. I was intoxicated by the tequila and by my power over her. I was going to treat the little slut just as she deserved.

"Do you want me to touch your pussy?" I asked.

"Yes." She gasped.

While pulling her panties to the side to reveal her pussy, I licked my fingers and plunged my forefinger and middle finger deep inside her. She loved it.

"Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes." She kept repeating.

I tickled her asshole with my other forefinger. Even though it would send a jolt of pleasure through her each time I plucked the edge of her asshole, I could tell she did not want me to stick a finger in her butt. I decided to cut her a break and told her to get on her knees and suck my cock. At that moment, I don't think there was anything in the world she would rather do than put her mouth around my cock. She was very good. She would lick around the head then take it all in and then lick up and down the shaft. I have a pretty good sized dick in length and girth and Martie was the first chick who ever deep throated me. She would open her mouth and push all the way down to the base of my cock and the feeling of my head squeezing into her throat was incredible. I grabbed the back of her hair and pulled her off my cock before I came. 

I made her agree one more time that no one would know about this. She agreed even as she sucked and studied my cock. She was truly mesmerized by my penis and taking great care of it. I told her to stop and lay on her back. I yanked her panties off and told her to pull her legs back and finger herself. 

She did it and as I stood over her she begged me, "Do me baby. Do me now." 

I decided now was the time and I knelt down and pushed her legs back to where here feet were touching the floor beside her head. Her flexibility was unlike anything I had experienced before. She reached around and guided my cock to the edge of her slit. I repeatedly rubbed up and down her pussy and asked her if she was ready. She was nearly in tears as she begged for me to stick it in. I positioned myself and began pushing inside her. I drove my cock all the way to the hilt and she literally screamed with pleasure. I told her I was going to come and she screamed louder. As I exploded inside her she came as well. 

She fought to regain her breath for at least three full minutes as her pussy convulsed around my cock. I was worried she was going to pass out. Tears were running down the sides of her face as she finally regained some semblance of control. My final act was to straddle her face and watch her lick our combined juices.

I stood up and put my boxers back on as she lay spent on the floor. "Chris is a lucky man" I said. 

"Fuck you" she responded. 

"You just did Martie." I replied. "And I have a feeling things are going to be real interesting when Chris comes home and Shell comes to visit."