 It's been a dull day at a conference. Stuffy people, tedious talks, one more day at the hotel then home. I skipped the delegates' dinner and headed straight to the bar. 

"G&T, lots of ice please." 

A voice from next to me says "I'll have the same, let me get these."

I turn around surprised. A tall stranger stands next to me making direct eye contact. 

"Do you mind?" he says "Only if I don't get away from these guys I'll go stir crazy."

He gestures behind him at a group not dissimilar to the ones I was avoiding. A slightly inebriated, rather matronly woman saunters over.

"Sweetie." she purrs "Are you going to join us, we miss your company?" 

She gives you a rather saucy wink and the look of panicked horror on your face is somewhat comical. 

I lean over "Thank you for the drink, darling." I say putting my hand on your arm "Shall we order some wine for room service later?"

The woman looks me up and down huffily and backs off. You laugh.

"Thanks, she's been after me all day, it was starting to get alarming!" 

"No problem." I reply.

Your eyes are twinkling, they hold my gaze a little longer than they should. 

"The wine sounded like a good idea though, perhaps we should order some to keep up appearances?" 

I feel a pleasant tingle down my spine...and slightly lower...my pulse picks up and I take a gulp of my drink a little embarrassed and confused. Your eyes widen slightly as they pick up my body's response and I find my nipples hardening under your gaze. I can't quite believe the words that come out of my mouth next as I find myself saying 

"Room service sounds wonderful." to this handsome stranger.

You move in closer, your lips nearly touching my ear

"I'm sure it would be." you murmur "Shall we go up?"

Desire courses through me in waves. I can already feel myself getting wet...it's been a while, too long. Your hand moves to rest lightly on my thigh, fingers gently stroking. Strong hands capable of such pleasure. I look at the mundane, guffawing crowd in the bar and look at the confident stranger next to me. 

"Oh, yes please." I say "Let's go now."

You stand up "At your service ma'am. I just hope you can handle it." 

My eyes immediately flicker downwards. Hmmm, let me be the judge of that. We walk off out of the bar, away from the crowd and towards the lift.

Neither of us speak, the attraction is electricity crackling between us. As we wait at the lift a guy from my conference walks up to me.

"Hey, I've been looking for you." He says "You weren't at dinner."

He looks at you doubtfully but carries on 'Fancy a drink?' 

You put your arm around me "She's with me, mate." 

The guy takes a step back "But..." he starts to say and you pull me in closer, tilting my head up and meeting my lips with a passionate kiss that makes me gasp. 

A passing woman mutters "Get a room!" and I giggle. 

The lift arrives. 

"Your place or mine?" you ask. 

I think back to my messy hotel room. I'd made the most of the luxury bathroom and soaked in a tub of bubbles leaving behind a trail of towels and toiletries. My clothes were strewn all over the bed as I'd dressed up, choosing the outfit that was going to make me feel the best about myself after such an unstimulating day.

"Ermmm..yours I think." 

I suddenly feel a bit awkward. Not quite so much the femme fatale. What on earth am I doing? We get into the lift and it is empty. The doors close and as I turn to speak to you, you grab me and push me against the wall. Your hands are in my hair and your body is pressed up against me. Lips all over my mouth and neck. I can feel how hard you are as you grind up against me. I gasp for breath and push back. You hold my face and tell me I am playing with fire.

The lift stops and the doors open, you step away and a couple walk in. They look at us curiously and in the mirror I can see that I am flushed and ruffled and you are breathing hard. There is nothing innocent about the way we look and we are fooling no one. The lift stops and the door opens. Now is my chance if I want to put a stop to this. I don't.

We step into your hotel room. It is bigger than mine and on the table is a bottle of white wine in a bucket of ice. You'd ordered that at the bar without me noticing. You pour the wine, it is very cold and I gulp down a mouthful for courage. You refill my glass and put on some music. It's a cliche and it makes me laugh and relax a little. 

You sit on the bed and watch me. Back in control I feel emboldened and walk over to you. I lean forward and kiss your neck. You moan slightly and this encourages me. I loosen your tie and start to unbutton your shirt. I run my hands over your bare chest, you feel warm and your breathing is more ragged.

I step back. I turn round and ask you to undo my dress. I can feel your lips on my neck as you slide the zipper down and it sends shivers of passion through every part of me. Pushing you gently back onto the bed, I slip off the dress and stand in front of you. You lick your lips as you notice I am wearing no bra, dressed only in a black silk thong, stockings and heels. My breasts are full and my nipples hard. The rest of me is soft curves and smooth skin.

I come nearer, and you breath in smelling the mingling of my perfume and the unmistakable scent of desire. You reach for my breasts, taking a nipple into your mouth at first circling it gently with your tongue and then as I gasp sucking harder on it, nipping slightly with your teeth. Suddenly impatient I want to climb on top of you and take it all. I push you down onto your back and straddle you rubbing myself against your body, needing to make contact. Your eyes are daring me to go further and your hands are pulling my hips towards your face. I position myself over you and you pull my sopping panties to one side, your tongue making contact with my wetness and I groan in delight. You hold me there. There is nothing shy or hesitant about this and you eat my pussy with the enthusiasm of a starving man. It is heaven and I move restlessly as your tongue expertly dips in and out of me, sucking at my clit and pushing me further on. I can feel the pressure building but I can't cum. It is almost too good and you can sense the torment as my body tenses again and again but can't let go. 

Suddenly you release me. This time you push me back on the bed and I realise my control was only with your consent. You take off your trousers, with a little difficulty because your cock is straining so hard against them. Naked you are magnificent. So undeniably male and hard and now only working on base instinct. I scramble upright because I want to get that cock in my mouth more than anything I've known. I greedily run my tongue along the shaft and take as much as I can into my mouth. You let me lick and suck and enjoy for a short while and then start moving your hips, fucking my mouth. You grab my hair and hold me there and I struggle to keep up with the thrusting rhythm as you selfishly use my mouth for your pleasure. It is heaven and I can feel you swelling and the salty taste as you leak pre cum. You taste divine.

Groaning in frustration you pull away. 

"No." you say, more to yourself than me. I look at you confused.

"If I don't stop, I am going to fill your mouth with my cum and watch you swallow every mouthful. That's not enough, I want to fuck you so hard you scream the hotel down and watch as my spunk dribbles out of your swollen, wet pussy." 

I try to speak but for once nothing comes out. You move over me and look down into my eyes for a moment, watching my face. I can feel the tip of your cock nudging against me and raise my hips slightly wanting to feel more.

"Wait." you growl and with one hand hold my hands together above my head.

"I'll decide when you're ready."

I have no choice but to lie there as your eyes look over my body. My nipples are hard and a deeper pink as though they are blushing. My skin is flushed and there is moisture at the top of my thighs. I feel utterly exposed and so, so ready.

"Please." I beg and you smile and suddenly thrust forward. 

There is no gentleness as you enter me and my tight pussy feels stretched to the limit. I cry out and move my hips upwards to accommodate all of you. I have never felt so full and it is heaven.

You start to move slowly at first and it is exquisite torture as I grip you tightly and you fill me so completely, but the passion is taking control and your movements are becoming faster as you pound into me, driving me into the bed. I'm matching your movements with mine, loving the rawness of it all, craving more and taking everything you have. There is almost nothing now but pure carnal desire and your breathing is so broken it makes me wetter and hotter than ever. I can feel my orgasm building as you grind into me and you urge me on telling me to let it all go, to take it all out on you. My head is spinning and I can't breathe properly. I am gasping for breath and it is getting closer and closer. I can hear someone moaning and realise it is me. The sound sends me over the edge and I explode with a primal scream of overwhelming release. My pussy contracts around your cock in pulsating waves as my orgasm takes over my body and soaks you.

You let out a cry as your own orgasm starts to build. You can no longer stop yourself and you thrust into me again and again as spurts of hot cum fill me up. It seems like it will never stop and you cry out as you cum deep inside me. I am still rocked with the after shocks from my own orgasm and these rise and fall as my body accepts everything you're giving me. 

We lie there together, you softening inside me and our mingled juices leaking from me. My mouth feels dry and I wonder if there is any more of that wine. You follow my gaze.

"Don't worry." you murmur "Room service is available ALL night."