 While separated from my wife and needing a place to stay, my friend Rick allowed me to stay in Harry his son's room temporarily. Rick was now divorced and living with his current, Tina. Tina was a very tall, very skinny Taiwanese with small tits and a nice shaped bum. She was a licensed RMT so when I injured my back lifting some heavy crap, she offered me a massage. Things on the massage table escalated quickly and we ended up fucking. 

With still a couple of weeks to go before Harry was returning home and I had to find new digs, Tina and I fucked as often as we could either in her private massage room or around the house when no one else was home.

One morning while enjoying my coffee and digital newspaper, I was startled to hear, "Good morning!"

I turned to see Emma, Rick's younger son Mitch's girlfriend greeting me. "Oh! Good morning to you too."

Everyone else was out at work. Usually I don't see anyone and have the place to myself. I was simply dressed in a sweat shirt and some loose fitting sweat shorts. Emma was dressed in a long tee. It was long enough that I couldn't see what else she was wearing. She was a shortish, blondish, plumpish thing with a set of nice, over-proportional sized breasts. She had a pleasant, pretty looking face but not what you would call beautiful. 

"I thought everyone was at work." I said to her.

"I have the day off. Apparently last night, there is some electrical issue at the store and no A/C or lights." Emma smiled at me. "Do you might if I join you in here with my tea?"

"No..Yes..No. Sure grab a seat." I smiled back. Referring to my tablet, "I'm just reading the newspaper on line."

Emma returned from the kitchen with a steaming cup. From the aroma, I could tell it was camomile. She took the sofa opposite me and started to read her book. As she sat down, I peeked to see that Emma was wearing some pink cotton panties beneath her tee.

I had finished my paper, read the comic (the best part) and then as part of my normal routine, started to read the latest stories on Literotica. I recognised a number of authors and enjoy reading pretty much any topic when the title and description sounded intriguing. Loving Wives, gay, TS/crossdressing, incest/taboo... Didn't really matter.

Sitting with one leg tucked and the other up, I selected an interesting sounding illustrated story. Not only were the illustrations very good, but the story was very good too. I wasn't too oblivious to the fact that I was getting hard, but what I didn't realize was that Emma could see up the leg of my shorts. As I had previously mentioned, I'm not gigantic between my legs but it's a pretty good size. It wasn't sticking out the bottom but would definitely be visible.

I continued to read the story and view the matching pictures of the Futa girl fucking her MILFy mother and her huge breasted friend. At the climax of the story, Futa girl blasted out her wad and covered MILFy Mom and friend with huge loads of sticky, white cream. The intense tale started my pre-cum to flow. 

The next fiction piece I read was an incest story about a guy on a cam/chat website. While stroking his big, white dick, his surfing took him to a room that looked rather familiar. While the camera angle prevented identifying the girl, he recognized the small tattoo on her arm and the gold chain necklace and pendant she was wearing. Realizing it was his daughter, he started a chat and dumped a shit load of tokens to watch her masturbate and cum on line. As she did, he could hear the load moans coming from her room. Of course he ends up "accidently" walking in on his daughter and they end up fucking on cam.

I spied over toward Emma. She was pretending to read but her eyes were glued to my crotch. She changed her seating angle enough to still watch me but hide her activity. She held the book with one hand but I could tell the other snuck under her tee. The hand action was blatantly apparent as she was playing with herself.

While still pretending to read, I shifted my butt in a way that caused my shorts to ride up and expose my knob. I heard a small whimper escape from Emma's mouth. 

"Enjoying your book?" I asked her. Emma quickly removed her hand with a jerk. "What are you reading?"

Her face was flushed and she panted slightly. "Oh. It's just a trash novel. You know the type."

By now, half my cock was sticking out. I pretended not to notice but I knew it was angry red with beads of pre-cum dripping out my pee hole. 

"Not really. I don't read those types of books." I shifted and exposed myself more. "Tell me more."

Emma turned to me. Both her feet were on the couch. I could plainly see her panties and the large wet spot created from her masturbation. "Well, it's mostly about a girl who has a relationship with some visitor. Some of it is pretty graphic although they don't write it as pornographic."

"What do you mean?" 

"Well..." Emma didn't hide this time as her hand snuck inside her panties and started to play with herself. "When the girl fantasizes about making out with the visitor, she masturbates but they write it as playing with her excited womanhood or when they actually end up fucking, they use some other descriptive language.

I was now stroking my dick in front of Emma. "What about blow jobs? Do they describe that too?"

"Oh, yes! Uuh!" Emma spasmed slightly. Her wet spot grew. "She took his wild beast into her mouth type of thing."

We watched each other masturbate. Staring at me, Emma bit her lips. Her eyes were as big as saucers. She arose from her seat and knelt between my legs. She playfully slapped my jerking hand away and grabbed me at the base. "I'm going to take your wild beast into my mouth."

Emma opened her mouth wide and enclosed her lips around the head. She rolled my foreskin back as her tongue swirled around. Saliva leaked from her sealed mouth and spread down over her hand. She took more and more of me deeper inside her mouth. Her head descended until I hit the back of her throat but there was still an inch and a half to go. I wanted her to take it all but I wasn't going to force her... Maybe next time.

Her head bobbed up and down quickly making this "Maaah... Maaah... Maaah...!" sound.

Emma may have been young but her technique was pretty good. I could have easily cum in the 20 year old's throat, but she had other plans. 

Emma pulled down my shorts and then let hers drop to the floor. She pulled her long shirt up high to show me she had a freshly mowed lawn. Her slit was dripping. 

Emma straddled by thighs and pushed me inside her pussy. It was tight. Really tight. I felt her clinch her Kugel muscles and made it even tighter. Using the same slow rocking motion Tina used on me, Emma humped her hips into me. She smothered my head into her soft ample chest. I moved my head until my mouth found her nipple. I sucked on the cranberry sized teat through her shirt. When I bit it softly, Emma thrusted her hips into me hard. "Oh fuck! Yes!"

My mouth found the other one and I repeated my nibbling. Her hips were humping me faster making it difficult to maintain a mouthful of tit. Emma ended up just crushing my head into her chest. My face trapped between her mounds, I could barely breath. I started humping her back.

"Oh yeah! Fuck me! That's it!" Emma screamed. "Fuck me...!"

I grabbed handfuls of her soft ass and drove myself into her as deep and as hard as I could go. 

"I'm cumming!" I grunted back loudly.

"Yes! Cum inside me!" Emma screamed back. "Please cum inside me! Aieeeya...!"

There was no more holding back. I filled her baby womb with what felt like a gallon of cum.

"Oh gawd! Oh gawd! Oh fuck!" Emma panted. I could feel her cunt continually pulsate, pulling out whatever cum I had left inside my balls. She wrapped her arms around me tightly, holding me close as she started to come down. "Oh! Wow! That was great!"

As Emma got off of me and allowed my cock to pop from her, her pussy lips closed tight and kept my cum inside of her. She stood in front of me and pulled up her tee to expose her slit. With her index finger, she pressed her clit. It was like a release button. Her tight pussy opened and my cum came pouring out and ran down the insides of her thighs.

Scooping it all up and collecting it with her palms, she then spread it all over her belly and tits.

"Thanks!" She giggled. As she turned to leave, she said. "That was really nice. I needed that."