 The seconds on my watch ticked by and the moment I anticipated was growing nearer—soon I would see Andrea again. I could only think of how she looked the last time I had laid eyes on her. The braid of blonde hair curled across her smooth bronze shoulder, the blueness of her eyes stared wantonly into mine, the edginess of her Scandinavian cheekbones defined her perfect face, the O-shape form of her sensuous lips—her mouth inhaled deeply on the air fragranced with the scent of our lovemaking, the fullness of her breasts rose and pushed forward as her breath grew more labored; more raspy. Her nails sunk deeply into the meat of my chest as her body stiffened, then trembled rapidly. Her moans grew louder and more uncontrollable as the effects of her orgasm flooded over her—coursed through her and into the very core of her femininity.

My body jarred forward as the cab driver cursed and shouted in some Arabian dialect that was unfamiliar to me; my thoughts of the last encounter with Andrea disrupted. I looked past him and into the traffic ahead—typical Southern California gridlock. The stop and go traffic would move forward less then a quarter of a mile then stop again for three to five minutes. It was apparent that the forty miles between LAX and her home, in Santa Clarita, were surely going to take the better part of the evening to cover. I reiterated my instructions to the cab driver—warning him against stealing from me—I watched as he set the meter back on mileage, instead of charging me for time. I then leaned back into my seat, closing my eyes in an attempt to recapture the visions that were stolen from my mind's eye because of the driver's abrupt stop.

I entered the kitchen and watched as she stood there with her back to me. The rhythmic sounds of Bob Marley and the Wailers compelled her to move sensually—her hips sensuously sliding slowly back and forth. Beyond the music, I could hear the chopping sounds as she prepared the crisp vegetables for her locally famous fajitas. The sweetly seasoned strips of beef simmered on the stove and filled the air with the tang of chipotle and cilantro. I stood there and watched as she worked her culinary magic. The sensual curves of her body were accentuated by the trim fitting sundress that hung from her shoulders. The thinness of the material allowed the sun from the patio doors to silhouette her delectable form. Her long, slender legs were clearly outlined as the sun shone through the less than opaque material and the tantalizing whisper of her labia was proof of the nakedness that waited beneath the whimsy floral print. Her slender waist curved outward to meet the heart-shaped roundness of her cheeks that were clearly visible through the thin dress. Andrea's muscular calves extended down from the lace-trimmed hem and her petite feet shifted from side to side as she swayed to the beat of the island music she loved.

The steady bass boom that emanated from the low-rider stopped next to us in traffic vibrated the windows of the cab and roused me again from my daydreams. The freeway sign ahead let me know that we were still on the 405 freeway heading toward San Fernando. Once there we would shift onto I-5 for the last leg of the trip into Santa Clarita. I settled back into my seat feeling the pressure of my engorged member as it pressed against the underside of my briefcase, which concealed the obvious bulge from the driver's view. I was always amazed at how the simple thought of her would cause such arousal in me. Soon my thoughts were filled again with visions of my sweet Andrea.

The movement of her hips and the sexy, stationary dance she performed drew me closer. I kicked off my shoes by the kitchen island and stepped quietly across the cool tile of the floor. I caught the moment she sense my presence as I moved nearer to her. Her body temporarily froze—just for a split second; until she recognized the fragrance of the cologne she had given me. My hands reached out and slid over the curve of her hips as I stepped up against her. The heat of my breath warmed and moistened the nape of her slender neck as my hands slid completely around her. My lips caressed the silken skin on her neck as she continued her sensual gyrations to the reggae beat. She pressed back against me as I held her tightly, moving with her dance. She began to grind the firm, rounded flesh of her butt against my crotch. 

The friction and closeness of her movements urged my cock to thicken and pulsate. My hand pulled the material of her dress upward until I could feel the smoothness of the taut flesh of her thigh beneath it. I raised my hand further under her dress and felt the tightness of Andrea's abs. She arched her back as she leaned her head upon my shoulder. Her face turned towards mine and our lips pressed against one another's. The wet, warmth of our kisses drove our desires deeper and stronger. Her hands reached over and enveloped my head. Her fingers threaded themselves through my hair, gripped two handfuls and pulled my lips hard against hers. My hands roamed across her body as I cupped one of her full, firm breasts with one hand and moistened the index finger of the other with the slick juices that began to flow from her, as a deep animalistic moan emanated from her lips.

The blast from an air-horn on a semi-truck jostled my thoughts and I looked around the interstate from the backseat of the cab. The cab had just passed where I-405 merged with I-5 and the Lyons Avenue exit was only ten minutes away. The traffic had lightened up and we were able to move forward at a reasonably steady pace. I knew I would be able to hold Andrea in my arms in a less than a half an hour. I sat back and allowed the rhythm of the Ud, which played on the Arabian radio station, to lull me back into my dreams.

Andrea pulled back from our kiss and turned to face me. Her beauty radiated with passion. She pressed against me to guide me across the floor to the kitchen island. I swept my hand behind me to clear the counter and knocked the plastic platter, bowls, and utensils crashing to the floor. I gripped her waist in my hands and spun us around together, with her back to the counter. I raised her with my grasp and lifted her atop the counter. Her legs wrapped around my waist as her arms draped over my shoulders. I pulled her against my chest and we resumed our kiss. The appetite we developed over time was insatiable. Our mouths and tongues tasted, explored, and devoured the flesh of each other's lips, cheeks, chin, ears, and neck. Our hands roamed and moved over one another's body. I broke away long enough to locate the step stool with my socked-foot. I hooked it with my toes and moved it over to my side. 

My hands lowered to Andrea's hips and I scooted her bottom to the edge of the counter. I lowered myself to the step stool at the same time and slid my hands down across the silken flesh of her legs. As I reached her ankles, my hands gripped them and raised her feet to my shoulders. I leaned forward and with her relaxed pose, her legs were allowed to open. My lips caressed the inside of her thighs as I moved my head side to side. The sweet, musky scent of her drew me closer. I felt the firmness of her thighs as I moved my hands up the outside of them, and then continued up to cup the roundness of her ass cheeks. I brushed the silken folds of her with my lips; I tasted the sweetness of her flavor. My tongue flicked outward and sampled more of her. I licked long and slow up the slit of her lips. She leaned back on her hands and arched her back; she opened herself to my exploration. I felt her shift her weight as she moved one hand and slid it down across her firm stomach. 

Her fingers searched for the separation in her lips and splayed them to ease my access. I slid my tongue flat against her and moved upward. The tip of my tongue located her swollen nub of nerves. She reclined completely as I licked and flicked on her clitoris. I felt her free hand grip my hair and pull me hard against her there. I slid two fingers under my chin and into her, and wetted them with her velvety juices. I pressed my fingers into her as I traced the form of her clit with the tip of my tongue—it was surrounded with tiny circles. The tightening of her muscles around my fingers and the high-pitch shrill of her moans let me know she was close. Her body began to tremble, her hand gripped on my shoulder—shaking me—and I heard her telling me, "It's time!"

My eyes opened to see the stewardess standing over me, her hand shaking my shoulder as she told me, "It's time. Sir? It's time to place the tray table up and the seat in the upright position; we were about to land. We were about to land in Los Angeles." It would only be a few more hours until I would be holding Andrea in my arms again.