 Mark and Amber had been roommates for five years. They had originally met when both were working together in a coffee shop. With little money and bills mounting they had decided to move in together to cut down on cost. Over the years they had both moved on to better jobs but continued to live together even though they could afford to live alone. They had become comfortable with each other and feared what life would be like living alone.

Amber had been single for the last eight months, an unusual occurrence in there life. Mark was almost always single, he found faults in almost every women he met. Mark and Amber had recently gotten into a routine of coming home from work and crashing on the couch, watching television, until time to go to bed. They had both stopped going out to bars and realized they were getting to old to party.

Amber had recently applied for a promotion at work and today found out she had gotten in. She was excited to rush home and tell Mark her big news. When she arrived home she found Mark laying on the couch watching a "Friends" marathon on the television.

"I got it, I got it!" Amber exclaimed.

Mark looked up at her, "Thats great. When do you start the new position?"

"I have to go through training, then start in two weeks. I'm super excited. I finally feel like a grownup," replied Amber.

"We have to celebrate, you wanna go out somewhere?" Mark asked.

"I've had a long day and just want to relax. We can just stay in. Find some wine and I'll change into something more comfortable," she said as she walked into her bedroom.

Mark hadn't really expected her to want to go out anywhere but he had hoped she would to break up the monotony of the routine they had gotten into. He got up and walked into the kitchen and found that there was no wine. They had drank the last of it a few months ago and never picked up more. All he could find was an unopened bottle of bourbon.

Amber came out out of her bedroom in an old pair of sweats and her favorite pink tank top. Mark couldn't help but notice that she wasn't wearing a bra. Even though it was a staple of Amber's attire around the apartment he always had to stop himself from staring at his beautiful roommate.

"All we have is bourbon," Mark told Amber.

"Thats fine. Pour me a glass, neat," said Amber.

Mark got out two glasses and filled them. Amber had already headed toward there couch. He grabbed the glasses and the bottle and headed to the couch and sat down beside Amber. Mark handed. Mark handed Amber her glass and held up his.

"To a bright and wonderful future," he toasted.

They laughed as there glasses clinked. They relaxed on the couch drinking, talking and watching the "Friends" marathon. After a couple of episodes they had drank over half the bottle and were both feeling a little drunk. As the marathon continued "The One at the Beach" came on. Shortly into the episode Joey suggested the friends play strip poker.

Amber looked over at Mark and said, "Let's play."

"What?" he looked at her in confusion.

"Let's play strip poker," Amber said slowly.

Mark still confused asked, "You're not serious are you?"

"Dead serious. I've never played and have always wanted to. I think it would be fun," she told him.

Mark couldn't believe it. They were best friends. It was like they hadn't accidentally walked in on each other a thousand times in the bathroom. But it was only for a few seconds each time that they had seen one another naked. Before Mark could say anything Amber was getting up.

"Its not like we haven't walked in on each other in the bathroom. I'll get the cards," she said as she ran off to her room.

Mark grabbed the glasses and bottle and headed into the kitchen. Amber came out as he was sitting down at the table.

"What are the rules?" he asked.

"Loser loses and article of clothing silly," she told him.

"What happens when one of us is naked?" he asked.

"You have to stay naked the rest of the weekend and be the winners slave," she replied.

Marks mind started racing. He knew he didn't want to sit around naked all weekend and do every little task amber asked. However he also knew that if she lost he would go crazy with her being naked for the weekend. Amber was one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen, there had never been anything sexual between them but he was worried he become tempted with the slave rule in effect. He grabbed his glass and chugged it. 

"I'm in, deal," he said.

Amber dealt the cards. Mark looked at his hand and he had a pair of aces and a king high. He threw two cards back and Amber dealt him two more, Amber took two. He sill had the same hand.

She looked up from her cards "Show em."

They laid their hands down. Amber had a full house 10's and 2's. 

"Dammit!" Mark yelled.

"Take it off, take it off!" Amber exclaimed.

Mark could tell that she was pretty drunk, but so was he. He grabbed his shirt ad pulled it over his head.

"Satisfied?" he said.

"No where near," she said grinning at him.

Mark dealt the next hand and lost his pants. He was down to his boxers. It was Amber's turn to deal and Mark was hoping for a change in his luck. He looked down at his cards a pair of two's. After tossing in his cards mark got a pair a kings back. 

"I don't have shit," Amber said as she laid her cards down.

Mark showed his hand and Amber stood up and turned around. She slowly pealed her pants down and wiggled her ass at him. Mark was starting to question how drunk she was.

Mark dealt the next hand and couldn't believe what he say ten, jack, queen, king, and ace of clubs. He had started to grin.

"You have a horrible poker face, give me three cards," Amber said

Mark tossed her the three cards and said, "Prepare to lose you shirt, I don't need any."

Mark laid his hand down smiling ear to ear.

"You had to have cheated. No one gets that hand," she said.

"I'm too drunk to cheat, now lose the shirt," he said.

Amber stood up and started to pull her shirt up. Mark couldn't believe he was going to see her breasts without having to have that awkward run out of the bathroom moment. Amber then did the unexpected took her hands off the shirt and pulled her panties down. There it was in all of its glory. Ambers perfectly symmetrical, beautifully bald pussy. Mark just stared.

"Cat got your tongue?" she said as she sat back down in her seat and dealt the cards.

This would be the final hand. One of them was going to be naked and a slave. Mark pushed down on his cock. He had a raging hard on. He tried to arrange himself but it was no use. He looked down at his cards and saw a pair of kings. He had hope that he wouldn't lose.

He through three back and all he got was an ace high. Amber started to laugh and laid her hand down. Full house. Mark was mortified. He was going to have to walk around naked all weekend doing whatever Amber asked. Like a gracious looser he stood up and dropped his boxers.

"Good game," he said as he took a bow.

When he looked back up and was sitting there with her arms crossed smiling. 

"Ready for your first task houseboy?" she asked.

"Fine. Whatever," he said.

"Walk over here and stand in front of me," Amber said as she leaned back in her chair.

Mark just knew she was going to make fun of him. Tell him she had seen better cocks and laugh at him. He slowly walked around the table as Amber pulled her seat out from the table. When he got right in front of her she just sat there.

"Go ahead," he said knowing she was going to say something about his cock.

"Okay," she said. 

Her mouthed opened but no words came out. She leaned in and engulfed his cock. Mark could not believe what was happening. Amber was sucking his dick. He just stood there in awe. This was the best blowjob he had ever received. She was alternating deep strokes with her mouth and circling the head of his cock with her tongue. Mark wondered if she had planned this all along. 

Amber kept taking Marks cock deeper and deeper into her throat. It didn't take long before her nose was buried into his abdomen. Mark quickly learned that Amber had no gag reflex.

Amber came off Mark's cock, took a few breaths and said, "Fuck my mouth. Treat me like a dirty whore." 

Mark lost his focus for a moment but it didn't take him long to regroup. He grabbed her by the back of the head and started pounding his cock into her mouth. While fucking her mouth Mark noticed that Amber was fingering her pussy. This was no normal fingering she was pounding her own pussy like a jack hammer. 

Mark slowed his pace not wanting to blow his load too soon. He started pulling his cock completely out of her mouth slowly thrusting it all the way back in. After a few minutes he noticed that Amber was trying to say something. Mark pulled his cock out of her mouth and stopped for a moment.

"Fuck...me," she slowly said.

Amber got up and put one leg up on the table and bent over. She turned around and grinned at Mark. Mark came up behind her and starting rubbing his cock over her slit. Amber started to grip the table and moan. Amber couldn't take it any more.

"Fuck my pussy," she screamed.

Mark slammed his cock into her wet pussy. Amber let out a scream of ecstasy. Her pussy felt amazing. She was tight and soaking wet. Mark took long deep stroked into her. Amber just kept moaning. After a few minutes she started rocking back onto Mark's cock.

Amber looked over her shoulder at Mark. "Why didn't we do this sooner?" she asked.

"I have no idea," he replied.

"Smack my ass," she said.

Mark gave her a light smack.

"No, smack my fucking ass!" she yelled at him.

Mark started smacking her on the ass hard. Amber started moaning louder and Mark continued smacking her ass while thrusting in and out of her. Her white skin had become bright red.

"I'm gonna cum!" she exclaimed.

Mark started pounding into her harder and harder. Amber moaned louder and louder. He could feel the muscles in her pussy tightening around his cock.

"I'm cumming Mark. Harder. Don't stop!" she screamed.

Amber's pussy tightened up like a vice on his cock as Mark felt juices running out of her pussy and down his thigh. Mark continued pounding into her.

"Are you close?" she asked.

"Yeah," was all Mark could say. 

Amber pushed Mark away and got down on her knees.

"I want you to come right here," she said pointing to her face. 

Amber then swallowed Marks cock down her throat. She rapidly bobbed her head up and down his shaft. Mark could feel that he wasn't going to last a second longer.

"I'm gonna cum!" he exclaimed.

Amber pulled her mouth off Marks cock and directed it at her face while stroking it. Mark went off like a hydrant. Stream after stream his her face. Her face was completely covered in Marks cum. When Mark finished he sat down in the chair Amber had been in earlier. Amber scooted forward and starting sucking his cock again. Marks cock never went soft and stayed at full attention.

Amber looked up at Mark with her cum soaked face "You ready for round two?" 

All Mark could do was nod. Amber got up and straddled Mark. She reached behind her and grabbed Mark's cock between her legs. She started rubbing it on her slit then smiled at Mark. She pulled Mark's cock back further and lined it up with her ass. She started slowly pushing down on Marks cock until it was completely inside of her ass. 

Mark could not believe what was happening. His roommate was riding him while she still wore his cum all over her face. He thought her pussy was tight but it was no match for her ass. She road up and down on his cock impaling herself over and over.

Mark grabbed Amber and stood up. She never quit thrusting as he walked over and laid her down on the table. Once she was on her back Mark grabbed Amber's legs and threw them over his shoulders. 

"Fuck my little ass," Amber screamed.

Mark started pounding harder and harder into her. Amber started biting her bottom lip. Mark knew she was getting close.

"This...feels...so...good...I'm...gonna...cum," whispered Amber.

Mark kept pounding and pounding into Amber's ass as she came for the second time. Mark was getting close again even though he had already shot one load. 

"Where do you want me to cum?" Mark asked.

"You know where I like it," she replied.

Amber jumped down off the table and knelt down. Mark started rapidly stroking his cock. Load after load hit Amber in the face. You could barely tell what she looked like there was so much cum on her face. After Mark finished Amber walked over and grabbed her phone.

"Take a picture of my face to remember the first time we fucked," Amber said.

Mark grabbed the phone and snapped a picture of her face. They both stood there for a moment realizing what had just happened. Amber walked over to the bathroom. When she reached the doorway she stopped and motioned Mark toward her.

"We need to clean up. I've got more in store for the weekend, slave. Once Monday arrives maybe you can tell me what to do," she said.

Mark walked toward her and smiled.