 I’ve been living with Michael for about three months and so far it’s worked out pretty good. We met in our first year of college, Intro Psychology. We studied together, hung out together, became good friends. The only thing Michael and I haven’t done is date each other. No sexual relationship for us. I’ve watched Michael date any number of coeds - and believe me, there have been many. I’ve dated my fair share of men. At the start of our junior year, neither of us wanted to live on campus but neither could afford to live alone. Taking the bull by the horns, we decided to be roomies.

Things worked out great from the start. The apartment we found was big enough for the both of us. Two large bedrooms, a large bathroom and a pretty good size kitchen. Not much more you could ask for. The only thing that caused a few problems was getting used to each other being under foot. I always knew Michael was attractive. At 6’2”, he’s tall, well built and has amazing jet black hair. His eyes were the first thing I noticed about him. Very blue. Even knowing he was built like a rock, I wasn’t prepared for the first time I caught him wandering out of the bathroom with only a towel wrapped snug around his waist. All I could think was lucky towel. Michael stared at me, smiled and went on his way to his bedroom. I slumped against the hallway wall and took a deep breath. My roommate was a hunk. 

After that, I tried to focus on Michael as he’d always been for me. A friend. A very non-sexual friend who happened to be drop-dead gorgeous and was busy laying every female within a fifty-mile radius except me. Just a little bitter and a little wound, I think. Anyway, I tried to keep my mind off of Michael by dating, bringing home a few lucky candidates, trying to keep my relationship with Michael in focus. It all started to fall apart one Saturday night. 

I’d been out with a new man, Clint. He was fun and tried hard but there just didn’t seem to be the connection we both wanted. We spent time on my couch kissing and fondling each other but it just wasn’t something we were both into. After about an hour, we both decided to call it a night. I walked Clint out, gave him a big kiss on the cheek and told him to call me again if he needed a friend. He seemed to accept that and went on his way. Taking myself back into my room, I changed out of my skin tight mini and sweater and into an oversized Brett Favre jersey. Pulling my hair up into a ponytail, I went to the kitchen for some water and then returned to my room. After about thirty minutes, I heard the front door open, smothered giggles and Michael’s door close. After another ten minutes, I heard moaning and thumping. 

I sat in my room and listened to Michael and his latest fling grunt, moan, groan and have wild sex for about two hours. I heard her yell Michael’s name over and over again but strangely never heard Michael utter more than a few grunts. As I sat in my room, listening, my imagination started to wander. I thought about Michael, naked and sweaty, stroking his cock in and out of some faceless woman. My pussy started to get wet. My imagination turned to seeing his hands molding and pinching a pair of breasts. Mine actually. I could almost feel his fingers wrapping themselves tight around my flesh. My panties were soaking as I listened to another orgasm from the mystery fuck down the hall. I hadn’t had sex in two weeks and this was killing me. I tried breathing slowly, focusing on something else. All I could imagine was Michael and his raging cock surging between my legs. Before I knew it, my fingers were skimming over my panties, lightly stroking my wet lips through the thin cotton. Closing my eyes, I pushed the cotton aside and slid a finger slowly into my waiting slit. I tried to imagine my finger as Michael’s finger, caressing me, stroking me. I was aroused like never before but I knew my fingers weren’t going to be enough to get me off tonight. 

As I laid there, my fingers slipping slowly in and out of my pussy, I heard Michael’s door open and then the front door. Michael headed towards the bathroom and then I heard the shower running. My overactive imagination pictured Michael in the shower, water beating down on his shoulders and running down his naked body. I wanted to be in that shower with him, spreading my hands on him. When I heard the shower turn off, I knew I had to do something.

I waited until I heard the bathroom door open. Stepping out of my room, I caught Michael as he was exiting the bathroom. He stopped and looked at me, his eyes moving over my jersey. Michael is a huge Packers fan and is actually the one who bought me my jersey. 

“I didn’t know you were home. I thought you were out with Clint tonight?” Water was dripping from his hair to his shoulders. A drop ran down the front of his chest, over his nipple and down his stomach to disappear in the towel wrapped around his waist. Again, I found myself envious of that damn towel. 

I walked closer to him and smiled. “I was but we made it an early night. Just wasn’t happening.” I was standing directly across from him in the hallway. “Unfortunately Clint couldn’t give me what I wanted tonight.”

“What’s that?”

A loaded question if ever I’d heard one. Without another word, I stepped closer to Michael and dropped down in front of him. Lifting one hand to his stomach, I pushed him back against the wall. With my other hand, I pulled the towel around his waist. It fell open revealing what I really wanted. Michael’s cock. He was semi-hard and was still about 6 inches long. Michael seemed stunned and he quickly became even more stunned as I wrapped my hand around his dick and slowly guided him to my mouth. He tasted clean and fresh from his shower, still slightly damp. Using my mouth, I sucked him to full hardness. His cock filled my mouth, pushing back against my throat. I clawed my hand on his stomach and pulled my nails down his skin. His cock jerked in my mouth. Pulling back, I slid my lips up his length nearly releasing him from my mouth. Instead of letting him go, I pushed my mouth back down until the tip of his cock touched the back of my throat. I sucked and wrapped my fingers around his balls. Michael moaned and thrust his cock deeper into my mouth.

I smiled around his dick as I pulled back again. This time, I wrapped my lips tight around his mushroom head and sucked hard, twisting my mouth around him. Michael’s hands came down onto the back of my head and pushed me gently down on him again. My fingers clamped into his thighs as I used just my mouth to fuck him. 

“That’s it baby. Oh fuck yea. Suck my cock. Suck it hard.” Michael was thrusting his hips to my mouth as my lips worked up and down his cock. Wrapping my fingers around the base of his cock, I twisted them in opposite directions as I again ministered only to his head. I could taste his precum, little drops oozing from his tip. Releasing him from my mouth, I held his cock straight up and licked the underside slowly. Running my tongue from the base of his cock, down where his balls hung heavy, up to the very tip and then around his head and back down again. I licked him slowly. I loved the way he tasted. 

Michael wrapped his hand around his cock and guided it back into my mouth. “Suck it baby. Make me cum in your mouth. I want to fill your mouth, baby. I know you want it too. Suck it.” Michael muttered encouragement as I slowly sucked his cock back into my mouth. My head moved faster and faster over his dick. His hands never left my head. As he neared orgasm, Michael wrapped my ponytail around his fist and pulled hard, using it as a handle. Michael was moaning, grunting, begging me to suck his cock harder. I gripped his thighs and then shifted my hands around him to cup his ass with both palms. Holding him tight, I worked my mouth up and down his cock. I felt him shudder, his balls jerked under my chin and then his cock exploded in my mouth. Michael rammed his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth as he filled it with his cum. I swallowed, making room for more. I couldn’t believe how much he had left in him. Finally, when his cock finally finished spewing, he released my hair and lifted me up to stand against him. His mouth crushed mine, his tongue diving deep into my mouth. I know he could taste his own cum on my tongue and that just made me more horny.

As the kiss broke, Michael looked at me and smiled. “Now it’s my turn.” Grabbing my head, he pulled me back to my bedroom. Before I could take my jersey off, Michael stopped me. “No, just take off your panties. For now.” I smiled and slowly slipped my panties down my legs and kicked them to the side. Michael turned me around and bent me over my bed, my ass in the air. He lifted one of my knees up so it rested on the edge of the bed. Slipping to his knees behind me, I closed my eyes and waited. I didn’t wait long. 

Michael’s hands slid up my thighs and pushed the jersey up over my ass. My pussy was spread wide for him thanks to my position. Using the tips of his fingers, he opened my lips. I moaned as he touched me. When his tongue lapped my open pussy, I nearly screamed. Leaning forward on my elbows, I tried to spread my legs wider. Michael’s tongue glided over my lips, up and down, licking me slowly. Now I understood why all the women loved Michael. He ate pussy like a God. Still holding my lips wide, Michael pushed the tip of his tongue inside me, wiggled it around and then withdrew. Over and over again, he plunged his tongue inside my pussy and then pulled out. I was moaning, trying to push my hips back so my pussy would be harder on his tongue. As he licked me, Michael avoided my hard little clit. I begged him to suck it but he just kept licking around it. He knew the moment he touched it, I’d come and he didn’t want that yet.

Changing the position of his hands, he now used only one to hold my pussy wide for his questing tongue. As his tongue lapped my juices, Michael slowly pushed two fingers deep inside my aching pussy. I cried out as his fingers fucked me slow. He’d push all the way to the first knuckle, stop, wait and then push into the second knuckle, stop, wait and then push all the way in. Once his fingers were deep inside me, he’d stop again. His tongue would lick around my lips, sucking on my sensitive skin. Michael would wiggle his fingers deep inside me, then pull out, only to repeat the exercise over and over again. I was nearly dying. After another five turns of finger torture, Michael pressed his mouth to my pussy and his tongue flicked across my clit. I bucked, pushing my pussy down on his face and came harder than I can remember. My pussy released more cream than I thought I had in me. Michael sucked my pussy, drinking every last drop.

Without waiting, Michael got up, wrapped his hand in the bottom of my jersey and rammed his cock hard into my sensitive pussy. I bucked again, pumping my hips with his thrusts. I came again, harder than the first time. As Michael fucked me, ramming his cock over and over into my hot channel, I begged him to fuck me harder. His hand gripped my ass, his nails digging into my skin. With each thrust, Michael would pull back until just the tip of his raging cock was inside me and then slam himself back in all the way to the hilt. This was what I’d craved. This was what I had needed.

“Fuck me harder. Fuck me, Michael! Fuck my pussy!” I was wild. Michael moved his hand up and wrapped his fist in my ponytail again. Pulling my head back, he bent over and licked my neck. I moaned and pushed back against him. His cock felt like he was getting harder inside me. I came again, my pussy clenching around his cock. Michael pulled out and flipped me over. As he lifted my legs over his shoulders, he rammed his cock deep inside me again. Pushing my jersey up, Michael grabbed my breasts and held on. He fucked me harder, bouncing the bed with each thrust. I was moaning, begging, yelling. My pussy tightened again and I came yet again. Michael shouted out that he was going to come and then slammed into me full tilt. I felt his cock explode. He pulled out and come flew everywhere. I watched as drop after drop hit my pussy, my stomach, my breasts, my jersey. 

Wrapping his hand around his cock and stroking it one last time, Michael finally stopped coming. Collapsing down beside me on the bed, Michael looked at me and smiled. “Was that what you wanted?”

I grinned, “Maybe. We’ll have to keep trying to see if it is or not.” Michael laughed and closed his eyes. His cock was already starting to stir again. Just thinking of the possibilities had my pussy juicing up again. I decided right then and there it’s always important to find good roommates.