 This story was written after a request from a fan, and with her input throughout. Many thanks to her.

Additionally, this story deals with betrayal, cheating, and infidelity. If that's not what you like, then you'll probably want to read a different story. 

-----

Jess let out her breath in a small grunt as she put down her box. Her boyfriend Kyle, coming in behind her, scraped the door frame slightly as he side-stepped into the small dorm room carrying a box of his own. He put it down heavily on the tiny bed and turned to the love of his life. Jess smiled at him as he approached. "Thanks for helping me move in, honey," he said. 

Kyle put his arms around Jess's waist in a loose embrace and let his forehead rest against hers, a small smile on his face. They held each others' gaze for a long moment before Kyle moved in for a kiss. Jess felt his lips against hers, tentative and gentle. The kiss was brief, but Kyle and Jess stayed there, resting against each other, for a while, just taking comfort in each others' presence. "Love you," said Kyle.

Their intimate moment was interrupted by a loud crunching sound from the doorway before Jess could reply. The young lovers turned quickly, caught off guard by the intrusion. A man stood in the open door, leaning against the door frame and eating an apple. He took another bite, letting out another noisy crunch. "Well, looks like things were about to get interesting," said the newcomer in a deep baritone. "If I had shown up a minute later I might have gotten a free show." He stared directly at Jess, locking eyes with her as he spoke, until she felt herself flush and look away, embarrassed. He waited for her to look back up, which she did almost immediately; when they made eye contact again, he was to one to break it by letting his gaze sweep up and down her body. His attention made Jess's embarrassment even more acute.

This wasn't the first time someone had stared at Jess, and it was well-deserved. She was one of those few lucky girls who combined a petite, slender body with large natural breasts. Jess was short, standing just over 5' tall. Her brunette hair was pulled back into a ponytail that hung down to the small of her back. She was wearing a tight tank-top that emphasized her 38-D's and a pair of loose-fitting yoga pants that hinted at the swell of her ass and her strong, firm legs without revealing anything. At the moment, her face was flushed, her full lips were pursed, and she had turned her dazzling blue eyes to the floor rather than risk catching the stranger's eyes again. 

The stranger walked into the room. He flicked his eyes briefly toward Kyle, taking note of his presence for a moment before returning his attention to Jess. "I'm Ian," he said, still staring confidently at Jess. "Live next door." 

Kyle cleared his throat and angled his body to place himself between Ian and Jess. "Kyle," he said, holding out his hand. "Your neighbor, I guess." Ian ignored Kyle for a moment more, then turned to face Kyle directly. Ian's face broke into a wide, grin as he took Kyle's hand and gave him a firm handshake. Kyle flinched when Ian grasped his hand, expecting a crushing grip from the newcomer, but relaxed when no pain came.

Standing side by side, Jess had her first chance to compare her boyfriend and his new neighbor. Ian was a handsome man. He must have been a bit over six feet tall, giving him quite a few inches on both Kyle and Jess. He had close-cropped black hair and lively, emerald green eyes. He was wearing jeans and a charcoal grey t-shirt that was fairly tight across his well-developed pecs and shoulders. Kyle, by contrast, was almost bland-looking; he had somewhat shaggy brown hair, brown eyes, and lacked Ian's well-defined musculature, and his shirt concealed a body carrying just a few extra pounds. Jess shook her head when she realized what she was doing and put on her most convincing fake smile. "I'm Jess," she said, extending her own hand as Kyle broke away from Ian's grip.

Ian smoothly took her hand and turned it palm-down. Before she could react, Ian bowed his head and planted a swift but firm kiss on the back of her hand. He looked up with a wink. "Charmed, I'm sure," he said with a wink.

Kyle was momentarily stunned. "Well, it's a pleasure to meet you," he said, "but we're just getting everything moving in and I think we need some time to unpack."

Ian didn't seem to hear Kyle. He let go of Jess's hand and walked over to Kyle's bed. Then he sat down on it, leaning against the wall with a hand behind his head. The movement pulled his shirt up, and Jess couldn't help but notice his washboard stomach. "Man, these single rooms are great, aren't they?," he said, taking another big bite of his apple. "He chewed noisily for a moment, then continued. "Not too big, but there's no one else living with you. I know I hate to share." He took a final bite from the apple and set down its core on the desk at the foot of the bed. "I bet the two of you will get up to all sorts of fun in here when you're all alone." Ian's eyes didn't stray from Jess the whole time he spoke. 

Jess felt her cheeks heat up as her blush returned. "That's none of your business," she said, hotly. "If you don't mind, we'd like to get things arranged here and you're in the way." 

Ian stood up and stretched, drawing Jess's eyes back to her well-defined abs. "Listen, doll, there's no need to get upset. I was just coming to say hi and be a good neighbor. Kyle, I'm sure we'll be good friends. You need anything, just knock." With that, he strode out. Jess caught herself staring at his ass as he left. 

She heard his door close and turned to Kyle. "What a jerk. And he left his gross apple core sitting on your desk." 

Kyle shrugged. "Eh, I'm sure he was just trying to be friendly. It's not like he'll be in here all the time." He turned to unpack, and Jess joined him. Soon Ian's intrusion was forgotten.

That night, Jess and Kyle were laying together on his bed watching television when they heard Ian's door slam. Moments later, there was a thud as something banged into the shared wall. Kyle propped himself up on an elbow and raised an eyebrow. "Wonder what that was?" 

"I bet he's drunk. He seems like that sort of guy," replied Jess. "Probably staggered into a wall." A second thud echoed through the room, followed quickly by a third. Soon Jess and Kyle could hear the rhythmic pounding of something banging into the shared wall, and before too long the pounding was joined by the regular squeaks and creaks of a bed under heavy strain. "Oh, my God—is he doing what I think he's doing?," asked a flabbergasted Jess.

Before Kyle could answer, they heard muffled voices coming from the room next door. Jess could just make out a woman's voice, repeating the same thing over and over--"Oh! Fuck! Oh! Fuck!" Her cries were interspersed by Ian's deeper, wordless grunts.

Both Jess and Kyle listened for a while in mute embarrassment. The racket from the room next door did not subside in the slightest. The woman's expletives were replaced with ecstatic moans, and the deep thuds of Ian's bed against the wall grew louder and faster. Jess felt her nipples stiffen and the barest suggestion of warmth tingled in her groin. She was beginning to get aroused, despite herself. She sat up quickly, startling Kyle. Jess went over the wall and started banging on it; "Keep it down, asshole!" she yelled. If Ian and his playmate heard her, they didn't care; the sounds of their aggressive sex continued to fill Kyle's room. 

Kyle, still in bed, propped himself up with one arm. "Come back over here, babe. I'm sure they'll be done soon, and we can just turn the TV up in the meantime." Jess grumbled, but went back and sat down in Kyle's chair, which was sitting next to the bed. Kyle sat up and turned up the TV. 

Their show ended about fifteen minutes later, and Ian was still going strong in the next room. His partner's moans had trailed off, although Jess and Kyle could occasionally hear her scream out in pleasure. The sounds of the bed protesting under its abuse had gotten even louder; it continued to bang against the wall, hard enough for Jess and Kyle to feel the vibrations through the floor, and while the tempo changed more than once it never let up. 

"Wow," Kyle said, "he must really be giving it to her." 

Jess scoffed in disgust—although she had been thinking the same thing. "No self-respecting woman would want to be treated like that." Even as she spoke, the image of Ian's body, nude and muscular, came into her head unbidden. She saw herself underneath him, legs spread wide, mouth open in an rapturous scream, as he drove himself into her core with enough force to rattle the walls of the room. A flash of heat ran through her before she shook her head and came back to herself. "I can't take this anymore. I'm going back to my room. I'll see you tomorrow, Kyle." 

Kyle looked at her, disappointed but understanding. "Breakfast?"

"Of course. I'll meet you in the cafeteria after I go to the gym." Then she left. Ian and his unknown slut could be heard out in the hall, and she paused for half a step outside his door as she listened. Jess rolled her eyes and hurried out, heading back to her own dorm.

There was a bit of a chill in the night air, but it didn't do anything to cool Jess down. She spent the whole walk back to her dorm room fuming at Ian's rude behavior. Her thoughts kept returning to the sounds she had heard from the woman in his room. She must have been some sort of slut, to sleep with a man the night before classes started, a man who she couldn't have known for more than a few hours. But her moans, her shouted profanity, and her orgasmic screams told a different story—one about a woman who was enjoying herself in ways Jess had never experienced. 

Sex with Kyle was pleasant, but he had never made Jess scream the way the mysterious woman had screamed. And he didn't have Ian's evident stamina—they had been going at it for almost half an hour by the time Jess left, and there was no sign that they were planning on stopping. Kyle petered out after ten minutes, at best. And of course Kyle didn't have Ian's body. Perhaps if he did, he could pin her down to the bed, her arms above her head, held in one of his strong hands, as he kissed the side of her neck, his breath hot against her skin, while she writhed against him—

Jess shook herself out of the erotic reverie. She looked around, and realized she had made it back to her dorm while lost in her thoughts. She dug around in one of the pockets until she found her key and let herself in, first to the building and then her room. She went into her bathroom to clean up before bed and caught sight of herself in the mirror. Her cheeks and chest were flushed, and her eyes were wide. The tips of her breasts strained visibly against her shirt. She stood there for a moment, paralyzed—how long had she been like this? What if someone had seen her like this on the walk? She didn't recall seeing anyone, but she had been preoccupied, and she was pretty sure she wouldn't have noticed if someone had walked right up to her and called her name.

She decided to take a shower to cool down and relax. Soon, Jess stood under the hot water and felt herself relax, the muscles in her back and shoulders unclenching as the tension fled her body. She started lathering herself up as she cleaned off the remnants of the day's labor. Before long she was cleaned and refreshed, and she let her mind wander as the shower continued to pour hot water down on her. Her arousal hadn't diminished, and so it was that one of her hands drifted down toward her groin unconsciously. One of her fingers traced out lazy circles just below her belly button, slowly descending down to her excited pussy, and barely grazed her clit. A pleasurable shock ran up her spine from the light touch on her button, and Jess let out a quick, involuntary gasp.

She hadn't realized what she was doing, and after that moment of pleasure she forced herself to stop. Jess turned off the shower and stepped out, drying herself with quick, angry movements, and dressed in her least revealing pajamas. Then she turned off her light and lay down in her bed. She forced herself to ignore the needy ache between her legs and slowly, fitfully, descended into sleep.

-----

The next morning, Jess awoke from unsettling dreams to find that she was unusually stiff and sore, as if she had been exerting herself during the night. She decided to go work out some of that stiffness with a trip to the gym. Not ten minutes later, she walking in to the campus gym for the first time. The main doors opened up into a large workout area, with free weights and weight machines along the walls and cardio equipment in the center. It was 6:30 in the morning, but the gym was packed anyway; Jess had planned on hopping on a treadmill, but only one machine was open. It was adjacent to a pillar and another machine.

And that other machine was occupied by Ian.

He was wearing a grey sleeveless shirt that showed off his strong arms and shoulders, along with a pair of black gym shorts. Sweat glistened on his forehead and arms and darkened his shirt in places. Jess found herself staring at him for a moment, admiring his powerful form as he ran. It seemed like he was running at a near-sprint, and Jess could tell he'd been at it for some time before she arrived—but he didn't seem winded or tired at all. He was breathing deeply, but steadily, his eyes unfocused as he looked off into the middle distance.

Jess raised her chin indignantly and strode toward the empty treadmill. She stepped up onto the machine and started her own workout. Ian didn't seem to notice her at first, but as she finished her warmup and started jogging, she saw his eyes flicker over to her. Before too long their eyes met as they both tried to steal glances of each other. When they made eye contact, Jess felt that same warmth she had felt last night, that same sudden heat that surged up from between her legs and made her flush. Ian, for his part, broke into a wide smile and picked up the pace on his treadmill. Jess found herself speeding up, trying to match his pace.

They ran next to each other, not speaking, for fifteen minutes before Jess had to slow down and dropped to a fast walk. Ian, now running out of breath himself, kept running for a minute or two, then punched the big button that slowed the machine to walking speed himself. Once he had caught his breath, Ian spoke. "Impressive, little lady. Not many women can keep up with me. But I guess you might know that from last night."

Jess snorted in disgust but made no other reply. Ian continued. "How long did you stay and listen? Were you there when she offered to call her best friend to join us? Said I was too much for one woman." He paused, thoughtfully. "I guess you might not have heard that through the wall."

Jess flushed again and kept her eyes locked forward. "Pig."

"Usually, they call me 'Stud' or 'Bull.' I had a girl last summer who liked to call me her stallion. I bet you can figure out why."

Jess's hand slammed into the emergency stop button on the treadmill. She turned to face Ian as the machine shuddered to a halt, her cheeks red and her eyes flashing. "Who the hell do you think you are? You ogled me openly yesterday and left your trash in my boyfriend's room, and now you're talking to me like I'm some kind of trashy slut?"

Ian's smile never left his face. "Oh, I'm sure you're not a slut. I fuck sluts; I don't talk to them."

That reply just made Jess angrier. She turned and stormed off. The whole time, she felt Ian's gaze on her as he watched her ass sway as she left. Once she was out of the gym, she stopped to calm down and relax before heading to the cafeteria to meet her boyfriend. She stepped off of the footpath leading away the gym, closed her eyes, and counted to ten as she struggled to get her temper under control. Somehow, that short interaction with Ian had gotten her worked up, and her body was flooded with adrenalin and endorphins, making her heart race just as much as the long run on the treadmill had. 

Once she was under control, she made her way to the dining hall to meet with Kyle. He was sitting at a table, with a cup of coffee and some doughnuts in front of him. He looked bad; his hair was mussed, and there were dark circles under his eyes as if he hadn't slept at all. Jess grabbed an apple and a small bowl of cereal and sat down beside him. "You okay, baby?"

"I'm fine, I just didn't get much sleep last night. They kept going next door after you left, and they didn't stop until well after midnight. And this morning they went at it again, in the shower. I don't know what they were doing, but the door from my room to the bathroom sticks now, and they knocked my toiletries all over the place. My toothbrush wound up on the floor, and I think they used my soap and my towels."

While Kyle spoke, Jess found herself thinking about what this said about Ian. She realized that he hadn't slept either; he had spent the night abusing some poor woman, giving her a night of unsurpassed pleasure that continued on into the morning, and then he went to the gym, still looking like Adonis. Kyle was a wreck after one night of listening to Ian in action; Ian seemed like he was ready to do it all other again.

"Well? Do you think it's a good idea?" Jess snapped out of her ruminations. Kyle hadn't stopped talking, and he didn't seem to notice that Jess had been miles away.

"I'm sorry, I zoned out there for a second. I guess I didn't sleep well either. What would be a good idea?" Jess asked.

"I'm thinking I should complain to the RA and see if I can move."

And then Jess found herself giving some very strange advice. "I think you should stick it out a bit longer. I'm sure that once you get to know him Ian will be fine."

"I thought you hated the guy."

"I don't like him, but that doesn't mean you can't live next door to him."

"All right, babe. I'll give it a week or so and see how things go." Jess and Kyle let the matter drop there, and spent the rest of their breakfast chatting about their course schedules and planning their day. Then they left, Kyle to go to his first class, and Jess to go back and shower. Before departing, Kyle gave Jess a quick peck on the cheek, and then he took off.

-----

Jess and Kyle met back up that evening for dinner, then went back to their rooms. The next few days passed without event. Jess saw Ian at the gym twice, but she refused to speak to him or work out near him. Ian didn't approach her, either, although she could often feel his eyes on her whenever they were in the same room. Jess found herself annoyed that Ian hadn't approached her to make any more indecent comments—he obviously thought she was attractive, like any red-blooded man, so . One morning, she found herself practically strutting back and forth in front of Ian as he worked out, flaunting her body in front of him, so she could have the pleasure of telling him to go to hell. But he didn't even notice; he didn't look at her once. Jess ended up leaving the gym in a huff. 

She returned to her room and stripped down, standing in front of the full length mirror hanging from the bathroom door. She started to look at herself, searching for any flaw or imperfection. As she did, she started talking to herself.

"What is he, blind? I must be hotter than whatever woman he was with that night," she said, cupping her heavy breasts and offering them up to her reflection. "And my ass has never looked better." She turned sideways and thrust her hips back slightly, tilting her head from side to side as she appraised her appearance. Jess turned back to face her image and leaned in close, to examine her face. Every feature was as lovely as she thought. Her lips were full and pouty—"that crude asshole would probably say I have cocksucking lips, or something like that." Her eyes were big, blue pools, the color of the summer sky on a cloudless day. Her hair was long and lustrous—"I bet he'd want to get his hands tangled up in it while he kissed my neck." There was clearly nothing wrong with her, she thought. So Ian must have something wrong with him.
