 It had been two months since Ron and I had seen each other, but he was flying out on Thursday for the weekend. We live on opposite coasts, and while we found our separation tolerable on an emotional level, it was almost intolerable on a physical level. I often dreamt of our reunion during work, feeling my panties moistening and racing home to use my vibrator. We talked for weeks about what we planned to do that weekend, but it was sex that was forefront in our minds. 

Thursday arrived. I dressed especially for the occasion. I dressed in a skintight white turtleneck, which accented my b-cup breasts, and jeans that hugged my curves. That morning, I had carefully shaved my legs, making them completely smooth, and delicately shaved my pussy bare. It was now smooth and soft. I straightened my long red hair and lightly spritzed my neck with my perfume. I felt completely sexy. 

I drove to the airport and waited anxiously for his flight to arrive. A stream of passengers started down the stairs, and my breath quickened when I finally saw him. He is 6'2'', and is a muscular, well-built guy who looks like an All-American quarterback. His brown hair is short and always cutely tousled, and he has deep, sexy chocolate eyes. 

He caught sight of me, and with a sparkle in his gaze, headed for my embrace. As he came towards me, looking so damn sexy in a black suit, I could already feel my pussy getting warm and puffy in anticipation.

"Hi, babe," he said as he approached me. "I've missed you."

"How was your flight?" I asked. 

"We'll talk about that later," Ron replied. 

He abruptly dropped his luggage and caught me roughly in his arms, kissing me deeply. I clung to him, amazed at the sensations I was feeling again, after so long. He broke the kiss, and we embraced closely. I inhaled his scent deeply, and he buried his face in my hair. We had missed each other so badly. 

After the usual pleasantries and sentimental exchanges, we began our trip back to my apartment. We held hands and expressed our joy at being together again. Then the talk turned quickly to sex. He leaned over slightly and his fingers brushed against the crotch of my jeans. My pussy tingled, and grew wet under his touch. He lifted his hand and abruptly tweaked the nipple, sending a spasm of pleasure up my spine. It was going to be a long car ride. 

"You like that baby?" he said in a low, husky voice. 

It was enough to make my pussy drip with juices. I responded with a long moan, and set my hand in his lap, immediately feeling his rock-hard erection. I massaged his dick through the material of his slacks, feeling the shape of his huge cock swelling. I wanted his cock, and I wanted it bad. It brought back great memories of the summer. I'd casually go over to Ron's house for a quiet day in the pool, and find myself in his bed, being fucked by his thick tool until we came over and over. We would never make it to the pool.

Immersed in those thoughts, and massaging his dick in the meanwhile, I suddenly took my hand away. He protested, until he realized that we had reached my apartment. We both hurried out of the car and up the steps. I fumbled for my key while he stood behind me, caressing my breasts and lightly kissing my neck. The door was open. When we entered the room, he set his luggage down by the window. 

"I like your room. Seems nice and big. Nice view, too," he said, teasing me. 

We both knew what we wanted. I stole a quick look at the mirror, adjusted my hair, and glanced over at him just in time to see him stalking me like a lion. There was pure lust in his eyes as he took me in his arms and slammed his mouth against mine. His hands found the bottom of my sweater and he pulled it over my head, revealing my white lacy bra. We continued to kiss as he wrapped his arms around my lower back, drawing me closer. I could feel his large hands on my smooth skin, and I shivered with the intimacy and eroticism of the moment. We could both feel the smoldering need in each other as we ravenously kissed. 

"I need you so bad, darling," he murmured. 

"Me too, babe," I replied, moaning loudly.

It was becoming too much for us. The room seemed 20 degrees warmer than we had entered it, and we felt the urgent need to remove our clothing as quickly as possible. We had missed the passion of each other's arms for too long. I slipped my arms from around his back and worked on his buttons. He pulled back to allow me access, and looked at me lovingly while I slowly revealed his masculine chest. I ran my fingers through his sexy dark chest hair, and lowered my head to lightly suck on each of his nipples. 

"Oh, God, baby, I missed you so much," he whispered. 

He lifted my chin and he kissed me again. There was an electric current flowing between us now, and it was getting more urgent. 

We stopped the kiss to look into each other's eyes, and at the same time, reached for the other's zipper. He finished mine first, and as I wriggled out of my tight jeans, he let his pants fall to the floor. I could see his hard penis straining against his navy blue silk boxers. He could see the large wet spot that had formed on my white lace panties. He could also see through the translucent fabric that there was no hair anywhere on my pussy. I could see a wet spot on his boxers. 

"Me first," I said. 

I slipped off his boxers and I finally saw his amazing dick. I couldn't help myself. I got on my knees, started massaging his balls with my hands, and moved my mouth onto his dick. I looked up into his eyes while my hot mouth caressed his penis. 

"Oh, shit, you're sexy, baby," Ron said. "Stand up. Turn around," he ordered in a husky voice. 

I stopped sucking his dick, and did what he said, having quite a submissive side. He undid my bra, slipping his hands around my side, pulling me close, and firmly grasping my breasts. He slipped my nipples between his fingers and pinched them, sending a wave of pleasure through me. I leaned up against him, feeling his erection between my ass. 

He put his mouth close to my ear, and breathily asked, "You like that baby?"

Abruptly, he stuck his tongue in my ear and breathed heavily, leaving me gasping for breath. I could feel the blood flowing to my pussy, could feel the lips get heavy and swollen, and my clit was definitely pounding by now. He kissed me tenderly on the neck and turned me around. 

Looking me in the eyes, he bent his knees until his head was at the level of my crotch. Still looking up at me, he grasped the side of my thong with his teeth and slowly dragged it down around my ankles. 

"God, that is sexy as hell," I said while my pussy leaked. 

By now, I was in such a state that I wouldn't have been surprised to see juice running down my legs. I was completely naked now. In my daze, I had completely forgotten where Ron was until I felt that familiar sensation of his tongue running up and down my slit. 

I moaned loudly, and almost fell from the intensity of the pleasure. Seeing the depth of my pleasure, he stood up, picked me up, and carried me like a baby to my bed, where he lay me down gently. He brushed his hand through my hair, lightly kissed me, and then proceeded straight to my cunt, where he buried his face. 

That was the moment that our passions were released. Horny as hell before, we had also took the time to appreciate the feeling of our soulmate in our arms again. It was all about sex now. Loving sex, but also juicy, dirty, raw sex. 

He murmured something into my pussy. The vibrations were unbelievable. I could feel my pussy busy in its familiar pulsing. 

"I feel so good, baby. Don't stop," I screamed. 

"I love your pussy, babe," he said, as he stopped licking my clit and moved away from my crotch. 

My protestations were stopped as he roughly kissed me. I could taste my sweet juices all over his lips. Soon, my face was covered in my juice just like his. I felt my pussy on fire again as his tongue darted over my clit. I felt my clit spasm, the walls of my pussy were starting to contract. 

"Oh, Ron, oh shit, it feels good," I moaned. 

I was so close to cumming. He had a hand by my pussy now, teasing the lips, brushing over the hole. He knew what I wanted.

"Please do it baby, please?" I begged. 

He thrust his fingers into my sopping wet cunt and starting moving them hard in and out. I couldn't take anymore. My pussy convulsed hard, and I felt waves of pleasure wash over me. My eyes opened suddenly as I felt consumed by the pulsing of sensations, as I felt my whole body shaking. My body went limp, and I relaxed my head against the pillow. When I came out of my orgasm, he wasn't between my legs anymore, but lying next to me, holding me gently. 

"Was it good?" he whispered. 

"So good, baby, thank you," I replied. 

"I need you," he murmured into my ear, grasping my breast. 

I could feel his hard dick against my leg, and my pussy started leaking. Our gentle cuddling was turning into something more, as our lips found each other, and he grasped my breasts with increasing intensity. He stopped the kiss and moved on top of me. It was finally the moment we had been fantasizing about. His dick was poised at my entrance. 

Hovering above me, he asked, "Are you ready?" 

Breathlessly, I nodded yes. I held my lips apart as he eased his dick into my cunt. It wasn't long before his cock was fully buried. We groaned together, amazed at the incredible feeling. I felt so full. 

"You're so tight, baby. So wet, you feel so good." 

I was lost in the sensations. He couldn't wait any longer. We were looking into each other's eyes as he started thrusting slowly at first, enjoying the feeling of my warm, wet cunt wrapped around his dick. I felt his dick move inside of me every inch of the way. His thrusts were measured and powerful. He was sliding just an inch in and out of me, but the thrusts were powerful, pushing me up the bed, and making my clit explode with pleasure. 

It wasn't long before the measured thrusts became a rhythm, and he started to thrust with more urgency. Our needs for each other took control, and we wrapped our arms around each other tight as he started to thrust into me as hard as he could. His face was next to mine, moaning, and he was whispering. 

"I've needed you for so long baby, I've needed to be in you, needed to be one with my lover," Ron said. 

Our bodies had a sheen from our frenzied lovemaking, and we were sliding against each other's wetness. He was still thrusting hard in and out of my pussy, and our arms were still tightly wrapped around our lover. 

"Oh, fuck, Eve," he groaned. 

I knew that voice. It wouldn't be long before he came. It wouldn't me long for me, either. I could feel his grasp around my body become tighter. My fingernails began to dig into his muscular back. My pussy started spasming. 

"I'm cumming, darling," I whispered. I felt like I was going to black out. The world was spinning. 

"Crap, oh fuck, oh God, oh Ron, shit it feels good!" I screamed.

All I felt was his cock going in and out of my pussy. He replied by letting out a loud groan in my ear. He gripped me firmly as he thrust quickly a few more times into my waiting cunt. 

"I'm going to come in you, oh, fuck," he groaned.

"Fuck me, cum in me, spray your come in me, fuck me!" I screamed. 

I then felt his cum spraying inside me. As he pulled out, his dick was wet with our cum. I had licked those juices off many times. 

We remained in each other's arms, lost in post-orgasmic bliss. When he finally withdrew, he lay on his back, a serene smile lingering on his face. We lay there, exhausted and sticky. After a few minutes of quiet rest and the murmuring of sweet nothings, I snuck my hand down to his crotch and found his dick hard as a rock. 

"You want me to clean that?" I asked. 

He grabbed me, we looked at each other mischievously, and then began kissing. I moved down to his cock, and as my tongue darted over the tip, we knew it was going to be a long night.