 "Fuck," I thought aloud, glancing at the clock in the bottom corner of my computer screen. I had gotten so wrapped up in my usual afternoon porno browsing that the time had slipped away from me. Now there was less than a half hour to get to the restaurant I worked at for my bartending shift. I probably had enough time to finish my jerk off session, but I had a better idea.

I shut down my computer and wandered out to the living room. Stephanie was lounging on the sofa, half-watching a Kardashians rerun and playing a game on her smartphone. I waddled over to her, my pants still at my ankles and flopped my semi-erect dick onto her shoulder.

"Hey, help me take care of this before I go?" I requested, stroking my stiffening shaft inches from her face.

Steph looked up at me and rolled her honey-brown eyes.

"Only if you rub my back when you get home later," she countered. "And I'm not swallowing this time, you've been tasting way too bitter lately. I've been telling you to drink pineapple juice, dude."

I rolled my eyes back at her and brushed the tip of my cock, moist with precum against her cheek. It left a glistening streak on her olive skin.

"Yeah, yeah, I know. Now come on, I'm running late and I need to get this nut off."

"Ugh, fine," she groaned, tossing her phone to the side and taking hold of my now fully rigid member, beginning to stroke it between her thumb and index finger. She tied her long brown hair into a ponytail with the rubber band she had wrapped around her wrist. It was only a few moments later that I felt the familiar sensation of her soft lips enveloping the head of my penis before sliding down my shaft. The jolt of warm pleasure sent a chill down my spine and I moaned audibly.

Being inside Steph's hot, wet mouth always felt amazing, even after the likely thousands of blowjobs she had graciously performed on me over the years. She had perfected her technique so masterfully that she could usually get me off within a few minutes and because of her skills and my relentless sex drive, it was hard for me to leave the apartment without at least trying to get some head to start my day off right. Luckily, Steph didn't mind obliging me as long as I paid her back through various favors, like back and foot massages or picking her up some fast food on my way home. I had to admit that it was quite the terrific arrangement we had set up.

"Hey, by the way, your half of the cable bill is $44 this month," she reminded me, after popping my dick, still moist with her saliva, out of her mouth. 

"OK, I'll throw you some cash before I leave," I replied as she swirled her tongue around the head of my cock and resumed slurping. Steph had the utilities in her name and was always diligent about paying on time. It was part of what made her an excellent roommate. Well, that and the oral sex on demand, of course.

"Getting close," I grunted as I felt the pangs of orgasm approaching.

Steph removed me from her mouth again, but continued to lazily stroke me.

"Just do it on my tits; I was going to jump in the shower in a minute anyway," she instructed me, tugging up her t-shirt and letting her plump D-cups bounce free.

"How about your face? I mean, you said you're about to get in the shower..." I pressed.

Steph sighed, but begrudgingly agreed to the facial, as she pumped my dick faster and aimed it directly above her chin. I reached down and grabbed a handful of her left breast, giving it a few rough squeezes to send me over the edge. She closed her eyes and stuck out her tongue as the first ropes of hot cum sprayed from my dick and landed on her cheek. I moaned loudly as she wrapped her lips around me again and sucked out the rest of my load, letting it dribble out of her mouth, down her neck and onto her naked tits. Steph gave my tender cock a final lick and a kiss on the tip, her signature closing move, before getting up and heading to the bathroom to clean my seed from her face and boobs.

"Thanks, I'll see you when I get home!" I called to her, shuddering from the aftershocks of my climax as I pulled my pants up.

"Don't forget about the massage you promised me!" she shouted back over the sound of a running faucet.

Steph and I had known each other since we were teenagers. We had actually gone to different high schools, but ended up working together at our first job and hanging out with the same crew of co-workers, quickly becoming good friends. She was dating a guy, Kevin, for the first few years that we knew each other, so we had to establish a platonic relationship at first. There was always suggestive flirting, especially when we were drinking, but we never pushed it over the line while Kevin was in the picture.

After Steph and Kev broke up, we finally gave into the sexual tension and hooked up at a party after everyone had gone to sleep. It started as a sloppy makeout session in the kitchen that led to me boldly whipping it out and her instinctively dropping to her knees. That night was the first of many exciting encounters, and despite the new benefits to our relationship we still managed to remain close friends.

The best thing was that we never pressured each other to make it more than what it was. I dated other girls and she went out with other guys, but when we were both single it was assumed that we would just pick up where we left off. When we would go out in our group of friends, we would both sometimes bring someone back home, but we always had each other as a fallback option at the end of the night.

When I was looking to find a roommate after college, I proposed the idea to Steph about sharing an apartment. She was hesitant at first, because friends who move in together often end up hating each other, and we didn't want to ruin the relationship that we already had. But we eventually decided to give it a shot, and two years later it turned out to be one of the best decisions I've ever made.

Several hours and another uneventful shift at the restaurant later, I was on my way back home with a hot pizza box on my passenger seat. I hoped that with some free food and the backrub I had promised her from earlier, I could maybe coax Steph into sucking me off one more time before I crashed for the night.

Arriving back at our place, I turned the key in the lock and swung open the door.

"Hey Steph," I called as I kicked off my shoes, "I brought home a pizza if you want some."

I rounded the corner to the living room to find Steph cuddled up on the couch with some guy, a skinny dude with a ponytail and a patchy goatee. 

"Oh, my bad," I apologized. "I left the pizza on the stove if you guys want to grab a slice."

"Thanks Chris," Steph responded, but her friend ignored me and kept his gaze on the TV.

I headed off to my bedroom, closing the door behind me. Steph having guys over didn't bother me at all, but it seemed to sometimes annoy her dates that she had a male roommate. 

I know that she reassured them that there was no romantic aspect to our relationship, but she probably left out the part where I had busted a load all over her face just a few hours earlier on the same couch they were snuggled together on now.

I grabbed my laptop and collapsed onto my mattress before firing up Netflix and starting a movie. It was barely fifteen minutes into the flick before I dozed off.

A few hours later I was woken up by a soft rap on my door.

"Chris?" Steph whispered, "You still up?"

I sat up and rubbed my eyes. 

"Yep, I'm awake now," I replied with a yawn.

The door creaked open and Steph came inside. I caught a whiff of the familiar mixture of wine and perfume on her as she took a seat beside me on the bed.

"So, was that the guy from Tinder you were telling me about?" I inquired.

"Yeah, he turned out to be a dud though," she sighed. "I was practically inviting him to fuck me and dude couldn't pick up on any hints."

Steph usually dressed down, but tonight she had done her makeup and was wearing a pair of tight yoga pants and a low cut tank top that showed off an impressive amount of cleavage. She was definitely a bigger girl, but this outfit clung to her curvy body just right.

"Damn, even with your tits hanging out like that?" I remarked, reaching out and grabbing her chest, kneading the soft flesh and jiggling her big round breasts around in my palms. I could feel her nipples stiffening between my fingers as I felt her up.

"I know, right? I was basically shoving them in his face." she giggled. "I think you scared him off, though."

"Oh come on," I snapped back. "I ran and hid in here all night; he had all the privacy he needed. It's not my fault all these guys you hang out with are pussies."

"I think they just assume that we bang when they meet you," Steph said as I continued to grope her fat tits. "Most people think it's kind of weird for a guy and girl to be roommates and just be friends, you know?"

"Well, I mean they aren't wrong," I admitted. "Still, if a guy misses a chance to get laid because he's too intimidated by me, that's on him."

Steph tossed her head back and writhed her hips back and forth, clearly enjoying how I was manhandling her breasts. I yanked down the straps of her top and pawed off the cups of her bra, mashing her bare boobs together and plunging my face in between them. She grabbed the back of my head and ran her fingers through my hair as my tongue found its way to her hard nipple and I sloppily sucked on it.

"Dude, I'm horny as fuck. And you owe me from earlier," she breathed, starting to peel down her yoga pants and revealing a lacy black thong that was so thin it disappeared into her asscrack.

"You don't have to tell me twice," I mumbled into her boobs, helping her tug off her g-string with one hand while I continued to have my way with her ample chest.

"Get that fucking dick out so I can suck on it," she cooed into my ear.

I liked when she got tipsy and became a bit more aggressive so I quickly complied, undoing my pants and tearing off my boxers. She was still seated on the bed and flashed me a sensual grin, her big brown eyes taking on a suddenly wild look. She licked her lips and opened her mouth wide in invitation. I stepped forward and slapped my now rock hard erection against her wet tongue and all over her face. When she was drunk I often took the liberty of being a little rougher with her, something that would typically earn me a scolding if this was a usual afternoon BJ when she was sober. The feeling of her warm breath on my cock was heavenly and it wasn't long before she was hungrily slobbering all over my rigid pole.

"Mmm... fuck, Steph," I growled, "that loser doesn't know what he missed out on."

I felt her mouth curl into a smile around my dick and she spit me out, laying back on the bed.

"I've already blown you enough today," she stated as she spread her legs open. "My turn now, bitch."

I smirked and crawled onto the bed, kneeling in front of her. I began planting kisses along her inner thighs, tracing my tongue across her pussy lips and causing her to gasp in excitement. She gripped her tits in anticipation, rubbing her nipples as I licked circles around her clit.

"Ooh yeah, right there," she moaned softly as I lashed my tongue back and forth.

I continued to eat her out for a few more minutes, feeling her pussy getting increasingly wetter, soaking my face in her juice as I lapped her up.

"Get up here," she said finally, prompting me to slide up on the mattress until I was fully on top of her.

I scooted forward until I was straddling her stomach, grabbing hold of my raging hard-on and slapping it against the soft, supple flesh of her right breast. She pushed her tits together between her arms and I slid the head of my cock into her cleavage.

"Been a while since you let me tittyfuck you," I grunted, thrusting my shaft in and out of the warm tight space between her boobs.

"I guess it's your lucky day," she replied back with a smile.

When the head of my member would peek out from between her cleavage she would lean her head forward and give it a few quick licks, causing me to jump from shockwaves of pleasure.

Steph took hold of her big tits with her hands and manually bounced them up and down. The feeling of my dick being swallowed up in her incredible rack was amazing, but I was ready for the main event.

"I want you inside me," she whispered on cue, releasing her tits from their grip around my cock.

"OK, just get it wet again," I commanded, hooking a finger inside her mouth and pulling it open. She quickly obeyed, sticking her tongue out and accepting my dick as it slid inside. 

Steph took nearly my entire length down her throat, gagging slightly and coating the entire shaft in warm, wet saliva. She then performed one of my favorite tricks of hers, pouting out her lips and sliding them rapidly along the underside of my cock. The sensation was unreal and it wasn't long before my dick stretched to its maximum length and was dripping with her spit.

I pulled myself away from her mouth and slid backwards down her torso, aligning myself between her legs, spread eagle and ready to receive.

"You ready?" I asked, not waiting for a response as I plunged my cock inside of her, causing both of us to cry out in delight. As tremendous as her mouth felt, nothing compared to entering her tight and warm pussy.

I began with a few slow, but deep thrusts causing her to moan and close her eyes.

"Oh my god, just fuck me," she mouthed, biting her lip and grabbing her tits to stop them from jiggling around wildly as I pounded away.

I picked up my tempo, pumping faster and faster before grabbing her legs and placing them on top of my shoulders. We fucked in this position for a few minutes before I released her legs and fell back on top of her.

I was inches from her face when she opened her eyes and smiled at me. Our sexual relationship was much more primal than sensual, so we rarely kissed, but for some reason I had the urge to meet her lips with mine.

She didn't protest as our mouths pressed together, instead softening her lips as we kissed and opening wider to allow our tongues to meet. 

"Mmm," Steph whispered in between sloppy kisses, "it feels so fucking good."

Our tongues wrestled against each other as my cock slid in and out of her wet pussy. With a quick finesse move, I flipped her over on top of me so she could ride my dick. She put one hand on my shoulder for grip, tossed her long hair back and grinded up and down on my lap. I reached up and took hold of both her jiggling D-cups, squashing them between my fingers and relishing in how soft and supple her skin was. 

As Steph bounced up and down, I traced one hand from her chest to her mouth and pressed a finger against her bottom lip. Her mouth opened and she began to suck on it, the same way she had my cock, her cheeks puckered with magnificent suction and her tongue swirling around in circles. She bit down gently on my finger and locked eyes with mine with such a seductive expression that I almost lost control and came right then and there. I wanted to prolong this experience as long as possible, so I gritted my teeth and held back. I needed to take her from behind and enjoy that amazing view at least once before I released my load.

I managed to sit up and pushed her back onto the bed. Steph knew exactly what position I wanted next and obediently turned over onto her stomach, arching her ass high in the air and offering her glistening pussy for me to take. I took my place behind her and gripped her wide hips with my hands as she reached under her legs to grab my hard cock and guide it into her again.

Sliding back inside her felt unbelievable and the sight of her back arched so perfectly, with her hair tossed back and her ripe juicy ass being offered up to me was almost too much to take in. I nearly lost it yet again, but I took a deep breath and maintained my composure. Just a few more minutes and then I could explode in ecstasy all over her.

Holding on with one hand to the curve of Steph's waist and pulling on her hair with the other I began to fuck her doggystyle, slowly at first but soon picking up my pace.

"Fuck me harder!" she called out loudly.

"We have neighbors, keep it down," I warned her as I continued to slam her ass from behind.

"Oh, I'm sorry Daddy..." she replied softly.

This bitch. She knew that her calling me that was one of my favorite kinks. It rarely happened, but sometimes when a blowjob was taking too long for her liking all she had to do was talk dirty and I'd finish in no time. She knew I was close and was trying to push me over the edge.

"Yeah, you'd better listen to me," I continued, "shut the fuck up and take this dick like the dirty slut you are."

I brought my hand back and smacked her hard on the ass, leaving a red handprint on her right cheek.

"Ooh, I've been such a bad little whore," she moaned, "I need to be punished..."

God damn it, she was really asking for it. I knew I only had a few pumps left and I would reach the point of no return.

"Give me that cum, Daddy," she whispered, "I need it all over me..."

That was it. I pulled out just in time as a stream of jizz launched from my cock and landed on the small of her lower back. She presented her ass up to me, swaying it back and forth slowly as I emptied the rest of my load all over her cheeks. It dripped slowly down the side of her thighs and into her crack.

"Fuuuccckkk..." I groaned, continuing to stroke myself until I deposited the last drop onto my beautiful roommate's naked body.

I stumbled backwards, my legs weak from such a powerful climax and I grabbed a t-shirt from my laundry basket. Steph still had her cum-covered ass up in the air as I tossed her the shirt to clean up.

"Thanks," she said, catching her breath and wiping the sticky mess from her backside.

She sighed and got off the bed, beginning to search around the room for her clothes.

"Jesus Christ, dude, I can barely move," she laughed.

"Just crash in here tonight then," I offered.

"Well, okay," she accepted with a quick grin.

She collapsed back onto the mattress and I tossed my arm around her. We nestled into a spooning position, our legs intertwined. I had the sudden impulse to plant a kiss on her exposed neck, so I went for it.

"That was really fucking good," I whispered into her ear.

"I know," she answered back, grinding her big round ass against my still tingling dick, "Dare I say round 2 in the morning?"

I laughed and closed my eyes.

"If you get up before me, maybe just wake me up with some morning head."

"Yeah right, asshole, I'm still waiting on that backrub you promised me," she replied with a giggle. "...But sure, okay. You're spoiled, you know."

"Good night roomie," I mumbled, drifting off to sleep.

"Good night."