 Thank you everyone so much for your feedback! Be it good, bad or otherwise, it has been super helpful! Thank you for favoriting chapter 01. Here is chapter 02, I hope you enjoy it!!

Thanks!

-Aeli

*****

"So, you work in publishing?" Elliot, my blind date, was going through the typical 'first date' questions. I smiled.

"Yeah, for graphic novels," I responded. He looked confused.

"You mean comics, right?"

"Sure. Comics." I smiled. Elliot was cute. Really cute actually. He seemed like a nice, put together and all around great guy. He was interning at a law firm, but he was next in line for a full time position. He lived by himself in a one bedroom apartment in the Financial District. He had a black lab named Martha and loved taking her for runs up Riverside Drive. It was a bit of a trek, but it was worth it. He lived well because he had money from his parents and he wasn't embarrassed about it.

Elliot had picked the restaurant. It was an incredible seafood place downtown where it was infamously difficult to get a table. We had just gotten our main courses. So far everything had been delicious. As I looked around the restaurant I wondered how I was going to afford to pay for my meal if he suddenly decided that he wanted to go dutch.

Patricia had set me up with Elliot. Hopefully, it was because she thought he was a good match for me. Secretly, I think it was to get me out of the apartment so her and Alex could fuck in private. I didn't usually say yes to blind dates, but I knew I had to get laid and sitting in my apartment wasn't going to get me anywhere. When you are getting off to your friend and your roommate fucking in the living room, you might need a dick intervention.

So far, Elliot was charming and the more we talked and the more wine I drank, the more attractive he got. Before I knew it, I was pushing the remains of my flowerless chocolate cake around my plate with my fork. I wasn't quite ready for the meal to be over. As the waiter cleared out plates I reached for my bag.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Umm...getting my wallet out for the bill." 

"No," he laughed, "No, I took care of that before. It's on me, I know the chef." 

"You're joking, right?" I laughed.

"No. Seriously, he's a friend of the family. His company caters our Hamptons parties every summer." Stunned, I slipped my wallet back into my purse.

"Do you always take girls to your chef's restaurant?" I asked.

"Only the ones who I think are worth it." 

***

"Patricia! Patricia! I know you're here." I practically bounded up the stairs to the apartment. I ran in, slightly tipsy on wine, a good date, and an excellent good night kiss. I ran over Alex's room and banged on the door. "Stop having sex and let me tell you about my date!" A moment later I heard a girlish squeal from inside and later Patricia emerged wearing one of Alex's shirts and nothing else. She gave me a huge hug and dragged me to the sofa.

"Tell me everything!" she smiled. 

"So," I started, "we went to an amazing place downtown, where he knows the chef, so we got the best of everything. He is so so so attractive and smart and sweet and his family has a house in the Hamptons and he thinks I'm adorable and wants to see me again as soon as possible." I could not believe how giddy I sounded. 

"That is amazing!" Patricia squealed, "I knew you two would get along. A classy guy for a classy girl."

"You seriously believe that shit?" Alex quipped. He was lurking at the edge of the living room in an old gym shirt and boxers. He had snuck out of his room and had, apparently, been eaves dropping on our conversation.

"Alex! That's rude!" Patricia yelped.

"Listen Erica," Alex said seriously, "he just wants to fuck you as fast as he can. That's the only reason he did all that shit. He's trying to impress you. If you're smart, you will get what you need and get out."

"Alex that-" Patricia started.

"What if I want a relationship?" I interrupted, "What if I want to see him for longer than a week? What if I want an actual human connection? Not everyone just wants to fuck Alex. God. You are such a...such a dick. I had a great date and you just had to come in and just rain on it."

"I'm just trying to tell you the truth Erica. Most guys are horn dogs," Alex answered.

"You mean most guys are like you?" I spat, "Elliot is a great guy. He is a better guy than you'll ever be." Alex's eyes narrowed on me. They were cold.

"I'm sorry that you're a fridge bitch who can't get laid, but that doesn't mean that you can be naive about the way the world works."

"Whoa, you guys," Patricia said, becoming the moderator, "let's all just take a break for a second. Okay? Okay?"

The tension between us could have been cut with a knife. I was staring Alex down, but he was holding my stare. Things were about to get uglier and everyone in the room knew it. Finally, he backed down.

"Fine," Alex mumbled, "Fine. Just...don't let me say I told you so."

"Yeah!" I shouted, "And I'm telling you, not every guy is an asshole!"

***

"So, this is my humble abode," I smiled as I opened the door to my room.

"Nice," Elliot smiled, "It's cute." It was the first time I had Elliot in in my apartment. I had timed it perfectly so that I didn't have work the next day and Alex was at Patricia's so I didn't have to deal with his attitude. Things hadn't really been smooth with us since our fight and I didn't want him to put me in a bad mood in front of Elliot.

I had transformed my room from its usual chaotic state. Its funny how the possibility of sex can incentivize some serious cleaning. I had brand new soft purple bedding and extra soft down pillows. I had replaced the light bulbs in my lamps and I had finally tidied my desk. I had swept, organized and even scrubbed the layers of dust off my baseboards. My room actually looked like an inviting, warm and sexy place. 

I had been seeing Elliot for about a month and we hadn't ever done more than make out. I had on a cute pink summer dress that made my waist look tiny and gave me amazing cleavage. It was time to take a leap forward in our relationship and I was going to do my best to make it happen tonight. 

Elliot made his way around the perimeter of my room, checking out the books on my shelf and pictures on my wall.

"Atwood's 'Oryx and Crake'?" he said.

"Yeah. Its, kinda, my favorite dystopian novel."

"Me too," he smiled, "I mean, I don't make it a habit of reading dystopian novels, but when I do, this is the one I'd choose."

"Being in the comic business, you read a lot of them."

"Yeah. I'd imagine that would be the case," he said as he settled on my bed. He sunk into my comforter. "Whoa!" he laughed. He hoisted himself to the center of my queen sized bed and spread out. "This is like a hotel bed. You must take sleeping or, other things, very seriously." He smiled broadly as he made himself comfortable. He leaned his head back into his hands, giving me an amazing view of his arms. His biceps bulged in his t-shirt. His shirt lifted ever so slightly to reveal his cut lower abs. I felt myself staring at him like a starved woman. I began to blush. I looked away.

"I like having nice things. I like keeping my space comfortable," I mumbled. I carefully worked my away around my room to the edge of my bed. I sat down. I had never felt so awkward in my own room. The very thing I had been fantasizing about was sitting right in front of me and I had no idea how to go about getting it. For the first time in a long time there was a guy, who I found attractive and who found me attractive, lying in my bed. His sandy blond hair spread softly on my sheets. His mischievous green eyes flashed up at me. Seeing him on my bed was quickly pushing me over the edge. 

"Come here," he whispered. I was all too willing to oblige. I crawled over to him on my bed and straddled him. My sweet pink summer dress began to ride up my thighs. The deep V cut of my dress made my tits look positively mouth watering. He brought his hands to my face and pulled me in for a kiss. He kissed me sweetly, gently, and softly. I began to grind my hips against his. He broke our kiss and flipped me over to my back and climbed on top of me. 

His hands stroked my face as his hips gradually began to join mine. I felt my body begin to scream for attention. My tits wanted to be grabbed. My hips wanted to be slammed. My mouth wanted to be violated. But, all I got was a delicate teasing. He was driving me crazy. I needed more.

I sucked his tongue into my mouth, imitating what I was craving to do to his cock. He moaned with pleasure. I felt his cock begin to press against my thigh. He began to run his fingers through my hair. I delicately put my hands on his chest and began to unbutton his shirt. I fumbled a few times but I finally got every button undone. I pushed his shirt up over his shoulders. He whipped it off the rest of the way while I ran my hands over his chest and abs. He was in much better shape than he let on. His shoulders were broad and freckled. His abs were tight and knitted into a deep V, which began at his hips that ran down to his growing hard-on.

He, finally, brought his hands to my chest. His hips became more insistent. The friction of his jeans began to press my dress up to my waist. I rolled my panty covered pussy against his jeans to release the stress. I was getting so hot that I began to gasp with each tiny release. I needed him inside me.

He delicately pulled the straps of my dress down my shoulders and gathered the top half of my dress to meet the bottom half gathered at my waist. He looked down at my breasts and he grabbed one in each of his hands. 

"You are so beautiful," Elliot whispered. He slowly rolled my nipples between his fingers. I felt my hips began to writhe. It felt so good. I wanted his mouth to join his fingers, but instead he began to run his tongue down my neck, in-between my breasts and down to my belly button. I desperately reached for his belt. I quickly undid it and whipped it off in one swift, almost comic, motion. I unzipped his pants and began to push his jeans down with my feet. He pulled his jeans off. I pulled my dress off. He hooked his fingers into the edges of my panties. He paused. "Are you sure Erica?" he asked, "I promise, I won't mind if you say no." I nodded emphatically.

"Yes! Please. Yes," I whispered. He pulled my panties down and then pulled off his boxers. His cock was hard and wet. The head was big, tight and red and, for the first time, I really understood wanting to lick a cock like a lolly pop. I felt my mouth water. But, before I could grab it, he shoved my shoulders down against the bed and spread my legs with his. Frantically, he began to push his cock into me. 

I wanted to have sex, but I need a bit more warming up than that. I started to say something, but before I knew it, his was inside me. Just having a man inside me felt so good that I didn't really care that I wasn't as wet as I wanted to be. It had been way too long.

"Yes," he hissed. He grabbed my hips and began to pump in and out of me. I looked at his face, his eyes were screwed shut in concentration. His hands were holding my hips. His abs were tensing with every thrust. His forehead was beading sweat.

I wanted to be at the same level he was. I began to press my hips against his, but the moment I moved, he pressed my hips back into 'place'. I started to squeeze his cock from the inside, trying to pull it further into me, imagining he was going deeper than he was. He gasped the first time I squeezed him. I smiled. He thrust harder. Yes, I was starting to get close. I squeezed again, making my pussy even tighter. 

"Shit!" he moaned and thrust even harder. I was getting close. I began squeeze him in rhythm. "Oh my God! Erica, I'm-" he moaned. He pulled out and came in short spurts on my stomach. I could have slapped him. I was so close. I could feel my orgasm creeping in through my toes. He quickly grabbed his boxers, wiped my stomach down and curled himself around me as big spoon. "That was so good baby," he whispered as his body enveloped mine.

"Elliot," I whispered, "I, umm, I..." I trailed off.

"What babe?" he mumbled.

"I didn't cum," I finished. Elliot was silent. I felt like maybe I had said something wrong. "I usually wouldn't say anything, but...it has been a long time," I rambled. He quickly snaked his hand between my legs to my pussy and began to roughly massage my clit.

"That what you want babe?" he whispered against my ear. I moaned from the initial contact, but, as he went on, he wasn't quite doing it for me. Right before I said something, he used his other hand to begin to finger me. I was getting closer. But, he kept missing my spot. He was sloppily thrusting his fingers into me, randomly hitting a spot that felt great and a spot that felt painful. But, damn it, I was going to cum. I began to grind my hips, trying to redirect his fingers. Between his rough treatment of my clit and haphazard fingering, I somehow managed to make the experience enjoyable. However, I was still resting on the edge of my orgasm. I needed something to push me over. I began to let my mind wander. After blazing through my typical masterbatory fodder, Alex floated into my brain. I tried to push him away, but the image of him fucking Patricia was emblazoned in my mind. I imagined his well muscled back flexing with every thrust. His ass tensing as he shoved his cock into me. My body shuddering as he tore me apart. I slowly felt myself begin to slip over the edge. I whimpered and moaned as I finally coaxed myself to orgasm. It wasn't very powerful, it wasn't very satisfying, but it was enough. Elliot looked at me and smiled.

"Happy now?" he teased. He quickly kissed my neck and shoulders, before sliding out of my bed. "Is this your bathroom?" he asked. 

"Yeah," I answered. He went inside. I heard the shower begin to run. I stayed in bed. I felt strange. I felt even more frustrated after sex than I did before. But, I reminded myself that the first time with a new partner isn't always perfect. 

Suddenly, I smelled something burning. I grabbed my robe and opened my door. It was coming from the kitchen. I didn't remember leaving anything on in the kitchen. I ran out to see what it was. I rounded the corner to the kitchen only to find a drunk and/or high Alex standing in-front of the stove in his boxer briefs trying to make grilled cheese.

"Fucking butter," he mumbled. 

"Alex, what are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be at Patricia's?" I asked. He turned around, looked at me and smiled.

"Erica!" he yelled, "I'm makin' grilled cheese because it is the food of the Gods," he stated, very matter-of-factly, "I left Patricia at her place, because she didn't want to have a threesome with the hot grad student I met at the Columbia party. She was too short for Patricia," he complained, "Seriously, what is the point of fucking a bi girl, if you can't have threesomes? Columbia girl was so hot," he trailed off, "Anyways, hot Columbia girl abandoned me at 96th street for some Juilliard dancer fucker. So, here I am!" Apparently Alex had already had quite a night.

"Alex, maybe you shouldn't be using the stove in your condition," I responded. He looked stupidly adorable just standing there smiling and holding a smoking pan in his hand. "Give me that before you burn down the building." He handed me the pan and moved out of the way. "Now, do you want one or two grilled cheeses?" I asked.

"Two please," he responded as he sat, patiently, on one of the bar stools. He looked up at me like a pleased child. He must have been high out of his mind. I hated to admit it, but he looked cute. And the fact that I could see his rather impressive bulge in his briefs wasn't too bad either.

"You know what Erica?" he started.

"What?" I responded.

"I want to shay shorry!" he slurred.

"Shorry? Are you high? Or drunk? Or both?" 

"...Both...maybe..." he confessed. He continued, this time being overly articulate, "But still...I'm sorry! I don't like being mad at you Erica. I don't. We have to be friends. Are we still friends? Please?"

"Yes. Yes we are," I responded as I finished grilled cheese number one.

"Are you sure? You aren't lying just to get me to leave you alone?"

"I promise, it's the truth," I gave him a small smile as I served him his first grilled cheese. He bit into it before I could even put the plate down.

"This is amazing!" he cried, "This is like mom-level grilled cheese Erica."

"Thanks." 

"Seriously, this is fuckin' perfect," he managed to get out between bites. He continued, "Also, you were right...about Elliot, that is. Elliot...Elliot is a good guy. And I hope that when you guys finally fuck it's magical and that you have unicorn babies," he giggled. I laughed and handed him his second grilled cheese.

"Thanks Alex," I couldn't keep down the giggles, "Unicorn babies? Seriously?"

"He is like the perfect guy and you are like the perfect girl," he responded as he devoured grilled cheese number two. "So...unicorns," he said it like it was the most natural thing in the world.

"I've missed hanging out with you Alex," I confessed.

"Same here Er-Bear, same here," he smiled. Things between us seemed really sweet and positive for the first time in weeks.

"You know what," I started, "Elliot and I are going to his Hamptons house this weekend. I can invite two people to stay in the house with us. If you and Patricia have made up by then, you two should come. You guys can be my plus twos."

"Seriously?" Alex asked.

"Seriously, its gonna be hot as balls in the city this weekend. Come," I smiled. Alex smiled back.

"Sure. Sure," he nodded, "it's a date."

TBC...