 I awake to music playing downstairs. It's my roommate Mason...he's always been such an early riser and it drives me crazy. What time is it anyway? I slowly roll over to look at the clock on my nightstand. It says 7:30 am in bright red numbers

7:30 in the morning? 7:30 is far too early for any normal person to be awake, let alone playing such peppy music. I roll over, trying to get back to sleep, even though I know from experience that I'm going to be up for good now. Damn it Mason...Once again, I'm going to go have to go down there and give him a piece of my mind.

I reluctantly roll out of bed, rubbing my tired eyes with a yawn. What a way to start my Saturday. I had planned on staying in bed until lunchtime, but apparently that's off the table now. I leave my room, walking towards the small bathroom. Maybe a shower will help fix this morning. 

My name is Hannah Goodall, and I live in a small California condo with my dickish roommate Mason. The two of us couldn't be more different - He's tall with short black hair, while I'm a short blonde. He's always working out and being active while I prefer to stay at home and read. He's such a loud person - and not just physically either. Every time he walks into a room, he ends up drawing the attention of every girl in the room.

I would never admit it, but I secretly find him attractive too. Even with his strong muscles and fit physique, he still managed to keep his adorable boyish charm. Many times I've imagined what it would feel like to be in his arms, though I never let it get too far...I do have to live with him after all.

The bath tub is already filled with water, even though I can hear Mason's music playing downstairs. Figures - he's always so forgetful. I sit on the edge of the tub, pulling the plug out of the drain. As I wait for the water to drain from the tub, I look down at my cell phone. I have one missed call and two unanswered texts from last night. All three of them are from my friend Jane. 

As I'm scrolling through my phone, Mason suddenly walks into the bathroom wearing nothing but a dull yellow towel around his waist. "Wah!" I exclaim in surprise, falling backwards into the still full tub. Mason didn't notice me there until I shout and splash into the water, and he's just as surprised as I am. "What...what are you - I thought you were downstairs!" I sputter, unable to finish a sentence.

"I thought you were asleep!" He exclaims. "Jesus Hannah..." Finally he leans forward, wrapping his arm around my waist and easily puling me out of the tub. Now that the initial surprise has worn off, I'm angry at Mason for causing me to fall in the tub.

"I don't need your help!" I exclaim as he pulls me from the bathtub. As soon as my wet feet hit the linoleum floor though, they fall out from under me, making me fall against Mason. He catches me, pulling my body up against him. I groan internally at my clumbsiness, but loving the feel of my small breasts against his bare, muscular chest. I can easily feel his semi-erect cock pressed between my legs and I blush as I feel it get harder. Clearly Mason's enjoying this as much as I am.

Mason holds me for a bit longer than necessary, looking down at me. I refuse to meet his gaze, pressing my face against his chest with embarassment. "Please let go now,"I mutter, my words muffled against his chest. Mason chuckles, but carefully lets me go. I let out an involuntary sigh as his arm leaves my waist, and blush even harder. As soon as I can, I leave the bathroom, quickly walking back to the privacy of my bedroom and shutting the door behind me.

I look in the mirror and groan. My thin white tank top is completely soaked, my hardened pink nipples easily visible through the wet material. There's no way he missed that. Then I think about how hard he got as he was holding me, and I feel a slight shiver go down my spine. I imagine it pressed against me again, and bite my lip. Fuck, I can't be thinking this...

I change out of my wet clothes, exchanging them for a green top and brown shorts before leaving my room. The bathroom door is still shut, and I can hear the shower going. I guess he decided against the bath after all. I try not to imagine Mason standing in the shower without the yellow towel and almost walk right into the wall. Smooth one Hannah.

I walk down the stairs, mentally chastising myself for obsessing over the encounter with Mason. I grab the frying pan and a couple eggs. Here's hoping I can manage to make breakfast without any more embarrassing mishaps. I break the eggs, putting them on the stove to cook while I search through the cupboards for my favourite mug.

I finally spot it on the top shelf and I glare at it. Trust Mason to put my favourite mug on the shelf that I can barely reach. I reach up on my tip toes, reaching up for the shelf. My fingers brush against the edge of the mug, but I can't grasp it. 

Then Mason walks up behind me. I don't notice him there until he chuckles at my situation. "Need help with that?" He asks

"No, I can get it!" I don't turn to look at him, still stretching towards the mug. Mason walks over towards me, putting his hand on my waist and reaching past me to grab the mug from the cupboard. As he does, his body presses slightly against my back. He's wearing thin jogging pants, and I can feel his manhood against my ass. I automatically press back against it before I can stop myself.

Luckily Mason doesn't seem to notice, handing me my mug from the cupboard. As he does, I turn around to face him. "Thanks I guess," I say, pretending that his closeness doesn't affect me as much as it does. 

Then Mason leans down towards me so that his face is only inches from mine. My heart jumps, and I bite my bottom lip softly. Mason grins. "It's so adorable when you do that,"

"Um...do what? " I ask, my voice sounding quiet and small. 

Mason reaches up, putting his hand on the side of my jawline before slowly tracing his thumb over my bottom lip. "That," He replies slowly. I blush, looking down from his gaze. Great, now I'm staring at his strong chest again. Mason is wearing a thin muscle shirt, and I can't help but stare. 

"Stop...doing that," I mutter, hoping he can't see the effect he has on me.

Mason takes a step closer, so that his body is pressed against mine and my back is against the edge of the counter. Then he puts his hands on my waist before slowly kissing my lips softly. "Stop doing what?" He asks softly before leaning in to kiss my lips again. All I can do is moan softly against Mason's lips as I kiss him back. 

Mason suddenly picks me up, placing me on the edge of the counter as we makeout in the kitchen. I wrap my legs around his waist, pulling him closer. I guess I've given up on pretending I don't want him with every part of my being.

I move my hands to his chest, pressing my hands against his hard pecs. Mason pauses for a second to pull off his shirt, putting it on the counter before kissing me again, even harder than before. A part of me is chastising myself, knowing that this will only make things hard later, but I ignore her, focusing on the part of me that can't stop thinking about how hard he is now...and how amazing Mason's strong arms feel wrapped around my waist. 

Then Mason leaves a trail of kisses along my jawline as he slowly moves down to my neck. I tip my head to the side to give him better access, letting out a quiet moan as he sucks on the side of my neck. He's fully erect, and I can feel his hard cock pressed between my legs. As he sucks on my neck, he starts slowly grinding his cock against my crotch and I moan, grinding back against him

Then Mason moves one of his hands up from my waist, slowly moving it towards my breast. I gasp slightly against his mouth as his fingers brush against the side of my breast. Even though I'm almost 20, I've never done this before...the farthest I had ever gone with a guy was just making out in the back of my ex's truck. But this is so much better.

Suddenly his hand is gently squeezing my boob, and I let out a quiet moan as he does. I don't stop him, slowly tracing my fingers over his chest as he massages my breast. Then his lips leave mine, slowly leaving a trail of kisses along my jawline towards my neck.

I moan as Mason kisses the side of my neck, leaning my head to the side to give him better access. Then he kisses the sensitive skin just below my neck, sending chills down my spine. As he starts to suck on the soft skin of my neck, I close my eyes with a moan.

As he kisses my neck, Mason slides his hands under my shirt, reaching around to undo my bra. Pulling it off, he holds both of my bare breasts in his hands. Mason slowly traces his fingertip around my sensitive areola, and I can feel my nipple quickly harden under his expert touch.

I arch my back slightly, pushing my perky breasts towards his hands. He obliges my silent request, squeezing my breasts and eliciting a low moan from me. I can feel a warmth between my legs, and I grind my crotch against Masons hard cock.

I'm starting to get really horny and i can feel my vag getting wetter with each passing second. Mason pinches my hard nipples, slowly rolling them between his fingers. I moan as he does, loving the feeling he gives me

Mason pulls off my shirt completely, dropping it on the counter next to his. Then he kisses his way down my chest, and I bite my lip in anticipation. I gasp as he slides his tongue over one of my nipples, flicking it lightly with his tongue. Mason sucks on my nipple, still squeezing my other breast in his hand and I moan in pleasure.

As he sucks in my nipple, Mason moves one if his hands lower, placing it over my crotch. He starts to rub his fingers up and down my pussy lips and I moan louder. As he rubs me through my shorts, I can feel my juices quickly soaking through my panties and I want more.

Then he pulls off my shorts, leaving me in just my wet panties. Mason lightly traces the tips of his fingers up and down the front of my panties slowly, teasing me through the thin material. I moan, grinding my crotch against his hand. 

Then Mason stops sucking on my nipple, slowly kissing his way down my tummy. I look down at him in anticipation as he makes his way ever closer to my wetness. As he reaches the top of my panties he stops, skipping the place I want his tongue the most.

Mason kisses the inside of my thigh, sucking on a spot I didn't even know was so sensitive. He slowly moves his lips up towards my vag, kissing and sucking on my thigh as he does. My panties are soaking wet, and I want Mason to touch me there more than anything.

As he reaches the edge of my panties though, Mason skips over them again, moving to my other thigh. I groan in frustration as he teases me. "Please...," I moan, begging for the touch I need.

Mason stops, looking up at me with an innocent smile. "Please what?" He asks me. Oh god...he's going to make me say it?

I blush, unable to look him in the eye. "I...I want you to...touch me there..." I say, my voice sounding impossibly quiet. 

Mason smirks, pulling down the front of my panties a little. He kisses me just above my pussy lips, sucking on it slowly. I groan, biting my bottom lip. "lower..."

Then he slowly traces the tip of his tongue up he front of my panties, licking my pussy lips through the thin material before pressing his tongue against my clit. "Oh! Ahhh," I moan as he toys with my clit through my soaking wet panties. 

Then he stops teasing me, pulling off my wet panties and dropping them on the floor. I spread my legs apart, opening myself up to Mason as he kneels between my legs. Mason slides his tongue up and down my bare pussy lips, making me moan again. No one has ever touched me the way Mason is, and I love the way he makes me feel.

He gently flicks his tongue against my clit before sucking on it and I gasp. As Mason sucks on my clit, he slides a finger inside me, fingering me at the same time. He starts slowly, sliding his finger back and forth against years walls of my pussy before finding my g-spot. I moan, even louder than before as Mason rubs his finger back and forth against it. 

I can already feel myself getting close from Mason's perfect touch. I press my hands against the back of his head, pulling him closer. Mason can tell I'm about to climax and he slides a second finger inside me, fingering me faster than before. As he does, he sucks on my clit, quickly licking the tip of my clit. 

Then I cum, moaning loudly as the waves of pleasure crash over me like a wave. I squeeze my hands into fists, grinding against his face. As I come down from my high, Mason pulls off his jogging pants, revealing his thick 9 inch cock. I bite my bottom lip as I notice its size - I don't know if I can take it all.

Mason stands between my thighs, slowly rubbing the tip of his cock against my clit. Then he slowly pushes it inside me. I can feel his thick girth stretching my pussy and I grab onto his shoulders, pressing the side of my face against his chest. 

Then the initial pain gradually becomes a pleasure even greater than before. I moan as Mason slides his thick cock in and out of my wet pussy. He puts his hands on my waist, fucking me harder and faster. 

Before long, I'm screaming with pleasure as Mason slams his fat cock into my pussy over and over again. I wrap my legs around his waist, digging my fingernails into his back as I feel myself quickly approaching a second orgasm. 

As I cum again, Mason kisses my mouth hard. I shiver in his arms from the intense pleasure, moaning against his lips. Mason cums inside me, filling my with his warm cum as he groans in pleasure. I giggle, leaning forwards to kiss his chest softly. 

Then Mason steps back, helping me down from the counter. As soon as my feet hit thr floor i almost fall over. After the rough pounding Mason just gave me (not to mention the intense double orgasms) I can barely walk.

Mason laughs, picking my up in his arms. "Need a lift?" He carries me out of the kitchen and up the stairs to his room. I realize then that I've never actually been inside Mason's room before. It's pretty simple, with a large Queen size bed and a large flatscreen hanging on the wall.

He sets me down on his bed - I guess I'm sleeping with Mason tonight. The thought makes me smile involuntarily. I lie under the beige coloured blankets, pulling them up to my chin. Then Mason lies behind me, wrapping his arm around my waist and pulling me towards him. Before long, I've fallen asleep in his warm embrace.