 Katherine took her time, re-reading through the initial interactions between the lawyer and her supposedly guilty client. The author had taken great pains to detail the interactions between the two main characters. Their meetings bristled with sexual tension, and the heat of the story flowed from the pages. Through her fingers and up Katherine's arms, her body began to hum rhythms of lust. Katherine began to shift her legs and squirm slightly as she re-read the first sexual encounter between the lawyer and client. The detailed description of the lawyer and client's tongues dancing together in her office. It always made her a little self conscious that she became so turned on by reading such lascivious material, but never so self conscious that she would stop. Her breathing quickened as her eyes feasted on the details of the sexy young lawyer having her business suit peeled off in her office. As the lawyer was hoisted up on the desk, Katherine slipped her hand beneath the waistband of her sport shorts. She could feel the warmth radiating between her lips as she gently stroked the small, soft mound of hair just above her pussy. As she gently scratched her and rubbed the soft, short locks of hair, she slowly extended her middle finger. Phrases such as nipples sucked and pinched, deep thrusts and moans, and stroking the shaft flashed before her eyes as she inched her finger between her swollen lips, feeling them moist and ready. She rubbed them for a moment and purred, taking a second to picture the scene. 

The smell of a heavy oak desk and of a man in the late summer evening, the feel of hard wood against human flesh, the taste of another's tongue....she began to move her hips and squirm. She parted her legs lightly and probed her longest digit in, just a bit at first, then deeper. She whimpered softly and brought her wet finger out to give her clit some attention.....it felt so good. God it felt soooo good.  Katherine's heart was racing as she read how the young lawyer assumed control and mounted her client in the high-backed leather chair. Katherine plunged two fingers into her now sopping pussy, and whimpered quietly with pleasure. 

Then, BAM! An aggressive, intrusive sound burst into her consciousness and broke the aroused spell she was under. The clamor of a heavy car barreling up the slight slope of their driveway rudely shook Katherine back to reality. 

What the FUCK is that? Katherine thought angrily as she jerked her hand from her now swollen pussy. But of course, she already knew. The rumbling of the oversized American made engine. The erratic squeak of the tires as the obviously impaired driver slammed the car to a halt and accidentally elbowed the horn as he.... of course it was a he, stumbled out of the vehicle. Katherine had heard this routine about a dozen times before, listening as Tony climbed out of the car three stories below. Tony was home, and he was ready to crawl into bed with Stephanie. He probably had a) been turned down by too many random women at the bar and was sufficiently horny to resort to plain old familiar sex with his loving girlfriend and, or b) had sated his fill of booze and fraternizing with his buddies and was ready for a nightcap, Or c) was just drunk and needed to pass out and their place was closer than his apartment to whatever bar he had his last drink. 

FUCK THIS. Katherine fumed as she swung out of bed and of the bedroom door, then down the hall to Stephanie's room. She was not going to let this happen. Not tonight. She opened her friend's bedroom door abruptly without knocking. Katherine had clearly heard the TV on as she approached Stephanie's bedroom door and assumed she was still awake. But Stephanie was out cold. The wine and emotion had overtaken her. Katherine also saw the foil wrapper of a sleeping pill on the nightstand, which no doubt finished her off. Stephanie lay there curled up on her side, snoring gently as re-runs of a 90's sitcom played out quietly a few feet away. There was no point now trying to rally her friend to stand up for herself. Stephanie would offer little to no resistance in her present state and would further be too tired or hungover the next day to summon any strength to argue. Tony would offer a few cursory apologies, start in with the smooth talk, and then they'd make up in a whirlwind of passionate sex. 

Not tonight. Katherine thought determinedly. She'd been interrupted TWICE now- and her boyfriend wasn't even home! All she wanted was a little fucking peace so she could enjoy her trashy novel and rub out a nice "O" or two. But instead she had to be the shoulder to cry on and relationship mediator, and a metaphorical cold shower was her only reward. FUCK THIS SHIT, she muttered. 

 Katherine narrowed her eyes and bounded determinedly out of the room and down the stairs towards the living room. She knew exactly what she was going to do. She was going to tell that lying, cheating, inconsiderate bastard to get the fuck out of her house and hit the road. Stephanie sure as hell wasn't going to do it. Katherine was just coming down the last flight of stairs when she heard him approach the outside door and slide his key in the lock. She started walking towards the front door when the deadbolt turned, and the door swing open. There, looking drunk, weary and stupid with a grin on his face, stood Tony. He immediately started in on the charm. 

"Oh, heyyyy Kat- you're up late.." but she cut him off. In a hushed shout, Katherine unloaded. 

"NO. NO. NO! You are NOT doing this again Tony. Not tonight!" Katherine walked boldly up to him with her pointer finger extended sharply at him and her other hand secured at her hip. 

"What? What the hell do you mean?" Tony answered, incredulous. Of course he knew what she meant. This may have been the first time she had confronted him, but he knew Katherine wasn't his biggest fan. She often addressed him condescendingly, which Tony took for her being stuck up. 

"You know exactly what I mean. Treating Stephanie like shit....like a disposable plaything! Then coming over here drunk at an ungodly hour trying to make up and get laid. Well, not tonight Tony. Just turn your ass around and go home!" Katherine was doing her best to contain her anger and not shout. She felt the blood rush to her face, then the adrenaline course through her veins as Tony closed the front door and squared to face her. 

"Look Kat," Tony began evenly with his palms out defensively, "I don't know what your problem is tonight, but I came to see Stephanie because she asked me to come over later." Again, Katherine wasn't falling for it.

"Bullshit, Tony! I have been up with her for the last 2 hours watching her cry and complain about you and your drinking, cheating and being an asshole! I heard her from my room fighting with you, so I know she didn't want you over!" She jabbed her finger at him and stood her ground. Tony, undeterred, shrugged her off and went to walk by her, but Katherine slid sideways to cut him off and stopped him. She held her right palm out and held it against his shoulder as she began in again. This time, even more firmly.

"Uh, uh. No. Not tonight Tony, I mean it. I have seen you jerk my friend around for the last time. If you really want to apologize, go home and sober up and come back when you are ready to treat her right. She's not some fuck toy at your disposal." It was hard for her not to scream at him, but she did not want to wake Stephanie and get her involved.

"Katherine, I don't have time for this bullshit right now." Tony again waived her off. This time he was visibility irritated. He rolled his eyes impatiently, and this time stepped back to his left to get around her. But again Katherine stopped him. 

"TONY. I said no! Get out of my house." she said insistently, again putting her palm on the front of his shoulder. "Go home. NOW!" she added forcefully, but as quietly as possible. Tony glared at Katherine, shook his head and took a half step back. He looked to the side for a moment, contemplating his next move. Breaking the momentary silence, Katherine continued. 

"I'm sick and tired of Steph putting up with you. You think you are a player, huh? So hot with your stupid ass car, your money and your own place you never let Stephanie see? She may not have the guts to say it, but you are a fucking asshole, and I told her tonight she needs to drop your dumbass!" Tony knew Katherine didn't like him, but this was the first time she had come out and said it so bluntly. He blurted out,

"Kat, I don't know who in the hell shoved a stick up your stuck up ass tonight, but I came here to apologize to Stephanie. I don't know what you heard, but it's nothing like you are making out."

"Bullshit, Tony. Like always, just more bullshit. You act like I don't know Stephanie at all, like we aren't roommates and haven't known each other since fucking college, you manipulative shit! I know your story, Tony. You'll go up there, knowing that Stephanie is drunk, you'll sweet talk her and promise her a bunch of shit, and in the morning she'll forget all about it. Well not tonight! Get OUT!" Tony shook his head again, getting even more frustrated. His face reddened as he was really starting to steam. In his semi drunk state, all he wanted to do was get in bed with his girlfriend, have sex, and pass out. And now her snobby, bitchy roommate all of the sudden decides that 3am on a Sunday morning was the perfect time to hash out why she hated him. Finally, he took a deep breath and steam rolled ahead. He stuck out his left arm and pushed her aside as he went to dart past her and said, exasperated,

"Look Kat, not now..." In his present inebriated condition, he underestimated his strength. Tony pushed her aside with a little more force than was needed. Katherine was caught by surprise; she knew he was strong but was taken aback by how hard he had pushed her. She had to scoot her legs back quickly to maintain her balance. Tony paused and shot a glance at her when he heard Katherine gasp, stopping for a brief second. She didn't know it, but he was relived she had not fallen. He hadn't meant to injure her. But it was all Katherine needed. 

"Don't push me you FUCKING ASSHOLE!" Katherine yelled as she wound up her right hand and delivered a fierce, crossing strike with an open hand across Tony's cheek. The sound of her hand striking him echoed sharply off the kitchen cabinets nearby. Tony turned, stunned at the force of the blow, and Katherine herself grew wide eyed, stunned at what she had done. They both paused, taking in what had just happened. Tony broke the silence first. 

"Ouch, Kat! Fuck, that hurt! Why are you being such a fucking bitch?!" he blurted. Katherine gasped and fire shot behind her eyes. Satisfied that Stephanie had not woken up, she gathered herself and in more hushed tones continued. "Don't you ever-EVER- touch me, you prick! Now get the fuck out of my house." Tony turned to look at her. His cheek burned. He had never seen Kat like this before, and he strangely respected her for what she had done despite it hurting like hell. She had some fight in her, for sure. Katherine was guarding the staircase from him, determined to turn him away. Her chest was heaving as she breathed, and her face was flush crimson with rage. Tony quickly assessed that she was very strong for her size. He knew he had pushed her too hard, so he decided to let that one strike go. Not wanting Katherine to start screaming again, he went to diffuse the situation. 

"Katherine, I'm sorry I didn't mean to push you so hard I just..." but before he could finish Katherine delivered another blow, this time with her left hand, to Tony's other cheek. 

"FUCK.... YOU!" she said in a hushed yell, with such fervor that spittle left her lips as the words whipped out between her clenched teeth. "That's for calling me a bitch!" That blow really stung, Tony had not expected a repeat blow. It hurt even worse than the first. He shot back. 

"Get out of my way you stuck up lunatic!" He pushed past her forcefully and stormed his way towards the stairwell by the kitchen. He could hear her unloading a fusillade of curses at him and he winced as she repeatedly slapped him on the back while he walked towards the stairs. Fuck, this girl is strong! he thought, wincing at the strikes. He just wanted to get to the stairs, but as he passed the kitchen he saw an opportunity to even the score with Katherine. He had never struck a woman in anger, but he wanted revenge for hitting him so savagely. As Katherine continued to beat on him on his back furiously, she didn't notice him pick up the plastic tumbler full of water she had left in the kitchen earlier. He snatched it up, pivoted on his heel in an instant, and tossed the full glass of water right in Katherine's face.

She gasped. The cold water shocked her to a halt as it soaked her sandy blond hair and skin. It saturated her top and ran down her body and got in and under her shorts. She wiped her eyes slowly, and looked at Tony, astonished. What the fuck just happened? She thought. Tony looked at her and appraised what he had done. It was almost funny, really. Almost. She had been assaulting him relentlessly while he just wanted to get to bed, so she fucking deserved it. Tony looked at her just standing there, watching her fume with rage. She was soaked- the tumbler had been nearly full. He took in Katherine's deep, furious glare, her semi- wet dirty blond hair, the droplets of water running down her cheeks to her neck and shoulders, some falling to her collarbone. Parts of her cotton tank clung tightly to her body. In the brief second they stood silently he took her all in. He stood rapt at the sight of her skin- still slightly tanned from the summer. The muscles in her arms and legs were impressively taught and ready to continue the fight. And through the soaked cotton fabric of her top, he could clearly make out her breasts. They were smaller than Stephanie's, but firmer. They stood pert with her nipples straining against the fabric at full attention. This furious woman looked like she wanted to kill him, but he could only be aroused by the sight of her standing there. She was gorgeous. His anger began to subside, but Katherine was furious. 

Tony was too slow, and Katherine easily slapped him again with a THWACK. The sting though, woke up his reflexes. When she went for another shot with her left hand, he blocked it and grabbed hold of her wrist. She re-loaded her right and flung her open hand wildly at his face, but this too he blocked. In an instant he took both of her wrists and drove them behind her back, pinning them against her ass. He then jerked her towards him, still pinning her hands behind her and holding her tightly against him. His face was on fire, but he starting to enjoy their spat. 

"Pleasssssse. Stooooop. Hitting. Meeeee." Tony purred at her. Katherine gritted her teeth as she struggled to get free. God he is strong she thought of as she glared at him. This ape is almost grinning at me, does he think this is funny? Her hands stung from hitting him. She wanted to kill him, but he had calmed down. Tony was looking at her almost admiringly. She could feel the large muscles in his arms as she struggled against him, and then his legs as he worked one behind her to keep her from kicking him. He kept cooing, "Kat, stop. Please. Kat, stop." She wriggled the best she could, and being so close to his chest she picked up large wafts of his scent- his deep, woody cologne that he used too much of, mixed with his skin and sweat. It smelled......fantastic. She struggled to get free, but found herself resisting less and less. Katherine had only been in his grip a few seconds, but it felt like an eternity. It was becoming pointless as strong as he was. She could feel his hard body grinding against hers as she struggled...she became acutely aware of her nipples rubbing against him....she was shocked to find them taut and tingling....it felt good. God it felt really good. She was trying to bend her hips and pull back, when one of her thighs first brushed it. She couldn't be sure, but on the next attempted escape she made sure she brushed it again. Her eyes opened wide in shock. Katherine could clearly feel Tony's hard penis bulging against the wool fabric of his designer slacks. Oh fuck, Katherine thought and in a fit of guilt gave one violent convulsion and managed to struggle free. 

Tony knew she had felt his cock and now gazed at her with primal lust. No. No way. Katherine thought, and unloaded yet another hard right hand to his face. Tony took it, but without pausing stepped towards her. Katherine cocked another blow but Tony blocked it, threw her arm down and pushed her back against the refrigerator. Her back knocked the stainless steel façade of the fridge with a THUD and she gasped at the impact. What the fuck....does he...God he is hot.....is this happening?? She thought as he pinned her against the appliance and thrust his hips forward, so she could clearly feel his thickness through her soft, cotton shorts. Stephanie had not woken up, so her brain was screaming at her to yell at the top of her lungs and wriggle away in protest. WAKE STEPHAINE UP passed through her mind. She could still turn back. Her mouth opened, but no words came out. Her brain was telling her lips to make noise, but a fire inside her was telling her to wait a little longer. It just felt so damn good. She had teased herself earlier, and sensing that relief was near her thighs and pussy became hot. Her teeth, still gritted together, only elicited shallow breaths and grunts as she squirmed slightly. Her arms were pinned in to her sides and her palms against his barrel chest. He had her wrapped in with one arm around her upper back and the other on her hip as he leaned in on her. She could clearly feel his cock now.  It was so...hard, and so....big. And he had it expertly pressed against her....just right. Sliding up her inner thigh, and probing under the fabric of her shorts. It was forceful, but not aggressive. He sensed her needs beneath the token resistance Katherine was offering. It felt very good. As he cooed softly for her to be quiet and started to grind in to her more, still locking her gaze, Katherine realized- to her horror....that she was soaking wet. 

"No!" she shouted and with a burst of adrenaline pushed Tony back and swung at his chest. But Katherine had shown her cards, and now Tony was determined to finish casting his spell on her. He simply took the blow, took a short step back to Katherine, and grabbing her forcefully, pulled her back to him, then again leaned in on her, his arms and her back hitting the fridge yet again. This time he pulled up her right leg violently to his hip, and pressed his throbbing cock up against her bare inner thigh. This time, Katherine moaned out loud. Not in pain. A deep, low, guttural moan of pleasure and submission. The rational side of her brain pleaded in vain for her to stop. But her body was tired of fighting, and now yearning to be taken. She made one last hearted effort, striking her palms against his chest lightly. Tony paused at this strike, but didn't let go. Katherine's eyes moved up and locked in on his. Her gaze changed from anger to hunger. She slowly ran her hands up and down the muscles of his chest, then this neck. As she looked at him, she knew she had one last chance to turn back.

In an instant Katherine shot her hands up behind his head and pulled his mouth towards hers. She hungrily shot her tongue inside his, and as they began to devour each other she let her hands slip down his chest and begin to unbuckle his designer belt. Tony let her leg drop but again thrust his pelvis up and into her. Katherine let loose her lips and gasped, her damp pussy now pleading to be filled. Tony tugged and tore and her tank top, pulling out one of her breasts over the fabric. He bent over to suck it. He was too tall, so he simply grabbed her by the ass and hoisted her into the air. She instinctively grabbed hold tightly around his neck and let him have his way. He held her high against him until her breasts were nearly level with his mouth. She wrapped her legs around him tightly, arched her neck and exhaled loudly. He was using his thumbs to pull down the back of her shorts. His massaged the cleft of her ass while his tongue found and traced her nipple, before taking it all in his mouth. She gasped. Oh fuck...that feels amazing. There was no turning back now. She was his. She knew she would hate herself in the morning, but at that moment she didn't care. She wanted Tony. She wanted him to fuck her. 
