 David yawned as he woke up and got out of bed. He sighed as he looked down at his usual morning wood with an unsatisfied grunt he got up and went to the bathroom to take a shower. As he stepped out of his room he heard some noise downstairs and decided to take a look. 

  Laura had been doing her usual morning routine; she had just got home from some errands and decided to relax a bit on her day off with her laptop. With her laptop in her lap she stretched her neck to the side as she rubbed the back of her neck, her shoulders were bothering her as she sighed and continued to play on her laptop. 

  David stood there looking down for a bit admiring his roommate. This is what he always would do when Laura was on the couch downstairs relaxing. David just smirked as he looked down at his friend. He always found Laura to be very attractive, very sexual. Laura brushed some of her long strawberry blond hair from her face as David now got a better view of Laura's cleavage. Laura had changed into more comfortable clothes since getting back. She slipped into her casual jeans and a tight fitting tank top shirt with "brat" labeled on the front. David looked down Laura's tank top and gulped as he could see Laura's breast in full view. His morning wood twitched as he reached down and gave it a soft tug. His eyes seemed to narrow as he looked Laura from her face to her legs and imagined her lying naked on the couch. Before he could finish the thought Laura looked up as he composed himself. 

  "What?" She said with a smile. David just shook his head and walked to the shower.

  "Nothing..." He called back with a small laugh. 

  Laura just shrugged her shoulders and went back to her laptop. She always knew David's feeling for her and just never really understood, why. She knew David saw her sexually attractive, but she usually gave it no other thought because he never acted on it, because of their friendship. 

  That didn't mean David couldn't fantasize about it though. David fantasized about Laura a lot of times without a care in the world. Because he and Laura lived as roommates now, he fantasized about her even more. At first he wasn't to comfortable knowing the object of his fantasies was close by but he found ways of keeping his fantasies to himself. David stood in the shower stroking his cock for some time thinking of Laura's natural breasts within her tight tank top. 

  "She's such a brat..." He muttered to himself as he continued to stroke his cock in one hand and his other pressed up against the shower wall. David imagined Laura's hips bent over as he drove his aching cock into her back and forth from behind. He bit his lower lip to stop from calling out her name as he came close to cumming. He stopped from cumming as he laughed to himself. There would be days like this where his friend would leave him pent up and very horny. He pictured Laura's lovely legs and groaned as he thought of those legs wrapped around his waist as he pumped his cock into her over and over. David threw his head back as he came on the shower wall as his cock continued to twitch he groaned as his cock gave one last spurt as he thought of Laura's breast covered in his cum. David sighed to himself as he felt all of his pent up lust ebb away. He finished his shower and stepped out grabbing a towel to dry himself.

  Laura heard the shower stop and the door to the bathroom open. She heard David's bedroom door open and after awhile heard David's footsteps come down the stairs. She stretched her head backwards and looked at David upside down.

  David put on a simple t-shirt and some shorts as he walked down the stairs. He stopped at the foot of the stairs and tried to hold his composure as he saw Laura stretch out on the arm of the couch. Her breast pressed taunt against her shirt accentuating her lovely curves. His cock twitched hard renewed against his underwear and he smiled through gritted teeth and shook his head. "Brat." He said without a second thought.

  "What was that for?" She said with a shocked look and a smile.

  "As you would say "just because..."" He said as he walked past her into the kitchen with a smile. He poured himself a glass of milk, he thought to himself what milk he really wanted and just gulped down his glass hard as his body reacted as if to agree. He put the glass into the sink as he walked back and stopped to see what Laura was up to. He kneeled down and looked over her shoulder at her laptop. "So what mayhem are you up to now?"

  "Nothing..." She said not even looking at him. David stopped and looked at Laura from the side of her face and just smiled. David loved to look at Laura he found her perfect in her own way. He could lightly smell the fragrance of her shampoo she used to shower this morning. 

  Laura noticed David looking at her from the corner of her eye and looked at him with a smirk. "What?" She asked. The way David would look at her sometimes would make Laura laugh because she did not want to think what was in his mind at the time.

  "Nothing..." He said with a smile as she just shook her head with a sigh. David noticed her shoulders and just lightly put his hands on her shoulders and began to rub them. "If this bothers you just tell me to stop..."

  Laura didn't say anything as David continued to work on her shoulders. She really did need this, but to feel David's hands on her shoulders did feel weird. She fidgeted a bit in her seat as David stopped and removed his hands. She looked at him irked for stopping. 

  "Sorry thought you wanted me to stop, this okay?" David started again as Laura just enjoyed the attention. David continued on sometimes looking over her shoulder at her game and sometimes stealing a glance down her shirt. After awhile Laura caught David's glance in the reflection in her screen and it was obvious he wasn't looking at the screen.

  "What? See anything you like?" She said catching David off guard. 

  "Maybe..." He said very shyly as if being caught with his hand in the cookie jar.

  Laura just shook her head and leaned her head back. David looked down at her and squeezed her shoulders. Laura closed her eyes and relaxed. David couldn't stop his hands from reaching around and rubbed his fingertips across Laura's chest above her breast. Laura looked up at David and shook her head with a smile.

  David just looked down at her trying to say something without ruining the moment. "Sor...sorry if you want me to stop just tell me." He said as he gulped and looked into Laura's eye.

  Laura just looked at him with a smile and didn't say anything. David looked into her eyes as his hands slid across her breast. He felt her nipples harden under his palms through her shirt as he continued to look down at her. Laura's eyes closed as she breathed in. David continued to move back and forth between her shoulders and her breasts. His cock twitched with every touch to her nipples as if reacting to Laura's body. David leaned down and pressed his lips to Laura's lips.

  Laura eyes snapped open. Her roommate, her friend, just kissed her on the lips, at first she felt surprise and nearly pushed him away. His lips seemed moist and nice pressed up against hers. 

  David didn't have much experience in kissing since he and his girlfriend broke up years earlier. But that didn't really matter, as he put all of his emotions into the kiss. David began to pull away but was surprised when Laura leaned more into the kiss following his lips. David pressed his lips back and relished in her passion. His hands came to rest on her breast as they remained locked in this position with Laura stretching back and David standing above her. Laura pulled away from the kiss as David looked at her worried.

  "My back..." she simply said as David walked around the couch and kneeled in front of her. He smiled as he leaned back in for another kiss as Laura stopped him and began to pull off her shirt. David batted her hands away as he gripped the bottom of her shirt and pulled it off her above her head. He placed her shirt off to the side and turned to look at her. Now seeing her topless, David gulped nervously as he looked at Laura. He had always fantasized about seeing Laura fully topless but seeing them in reality was better than any fantasy he could dream up. He reached out and cupped one of Laura's breasts with a nervous hand. He heard Laura laugh and sigh at his nervous touch as he looked into her eyes.

  Laura took her laptop and placed in off to the side as David leaned in and nuzzled her neck. Laura jumped as she felt David's face on her neck and squirmed as his breath brushed against her neck. She sighed as his hands explored her body from her back to her front. David grunted into her neck as Laura tugged on his cock through his shorts. She pushed his shorts down as his cock sprang free from its prison as David stopped caressing Laura's stomach and breast to look down. He looked at Laura without saying a word as he watched as she smiled and wrapped her hand around his cock and began stroking him back and forth. David groaned and went back to nuzzling her neck. 

  "Please..." David whimpered as he fought every message in his brain that told him to cum. Laura smiled and leaned in and whispered in his ear.

  "Cum for me..." Her whisper traveled up David brain as David eyes snapped open as he did what she told him. 

  "Ugh...oh god." His cum shot all over her jeans as his rod continued to spasm in her hand. As David settled back he looked at Laura who was smiling at him he reached her pants and began to unbutton and pull them off. 

  Laura sat up giving him an easy task of removing her jeans. As he pulled them off he saw her black lace panties in front of him. 

  David gulped and seemed to be drawn in to her pussy as he leaned down. Laura stopped him and pulled him up for a kiss instead. David reached down and rubbed her pussy through her panties.

  Laura pushed against his fingers with her hips as David continued to assault her neck; he turned his attention to her breast and gave each tit a lick and suck. Laura's pussy moistened more as David's fingers rubbed up and down along her slit. David began to pull off Laura's panties as Laura helped him by sitting up. David kicked his shorts and underwear off to the side as he pulled his t-shirt off and leaned into Laura who pulled him on top of her. 

  David's cock was renewed fast as David settled in between Laura's legs. Taking his cock in hand he rubbed his cock up and down along her slit. David never took his eyes of Laura's face as he continued to rub Laura's slit with his hard cock. Watching her reaction made David harder and harder. He rubbed the tip of his cock into her pussy as the head of his cock slipped into her. David fought everything in his body from just plunging all the way he wanted to fully experience this not for himself but also for her. He gritted his teeth as he pulled the tip out and pushed it back in. His breathing came out in gasps as he plunged the tip of his cock in and out of her.

Laura's eyes fluttered as David would pull out and push the tip of his rod back in never fully penetrating her. She bit her lip each time waiting for the full plunge as David continued his teasing. She listened to his groans and moans as she squirmed under him.

  Finally his body and mind couldn't take the teasing any longer as David pulled out and plunged into Laura with one fast plunge. David's eyes never left Laura's face as he pushed himself fully into her without warning. Laura gasped as her legs wrapped around his waist as David began pumping into her fast and hard. His hips were like a blur as Laura placed her hands on his hips and help pace him slower. Laura's eyes fluttered as he spoke to her in a ragged pent up tone. "Sorry..." 

  She looked at him as David seemed out of breath. Laura smiled as she pumped her hips into him making him groan loudly. "Aw is David all done." She said with a smile as she dragged her fingers up and down his back. His cock twitched inside of her making Laura shudder. She smiled as David stopped and looked at her surprised.

  David blinked at Laura as she continued to smile at him. He smiled back and placed his hands on her legs and ran his fingers up her legs. Without a word David plunged into Laura and varied his strokes from fast to slow as he continued to smile down at her. David kissed Laura again on the lips as he pulled back and plunged forward into her slowly. 

  Laura's Legs wrapped around David's waist tightly as both of them were experiencing the mutual highs and approaching climax. "Let's cum..." Laura whispered into David's ear as he increased his pumping. Her legs bounced around his thrusting hips. She could feel his cock start to throb faster and faster as she waited to feel his cum splash into her. Laura whimpered as his thrusts slowed down.  

  David stopped and looked at Laura. "I've wanted to do something for a long time." David whimpered into Laura's neck as he pulled out.  David helped Laura stand up and turned her around and bent her across the arm of the sofa. 

  Laura shook her hips playfully as David stepped up behind her. She watched him as he stroked his cock and admired her rear in front of him. He placed his one hand on her hips as he used his other to rub the tip of his cock against her pussy up and down. She smiled and wiggled her hips as she felt the tip of his cock brush against her pussy. He didn't waste any time as he plunged back into Laura's pussy from behind and groaned loudly. David pushed Laura tightly against the couch as he plunged into her repeatedly. 

  Laura listened to David's groans as his thrusts became harder to the point her legs were off the ground Laura found David plunging into her and rubbing her clit against the couch. Laura gasped as the friction between the sofa and David's cock plunging into her repeatedly was bringing her closer and closer to cumming. 

  David felt Laura's body tighten around him and finally that was to much for him. Gripping her hips tightly David plunged forward as his cum sprayed all over Laura's insides. He leaned down resting against her back as he held his cock tightly in her contracting pussy. He nuzzled her back as he continued to pump his cock back and forth into her. He pumped on last time and held it in her as his cock gave one last spurt. David pulled back and looked down as his cock slipped out of Laura. 

  Laura shuddered as David's cock slipped out of her. David steadily rose off of Laura and looked at his cock resting against her rear still fully hard and wet from there fucking. David smiled and turned Laura around as her legs instinctively wrapped around his waist. David and Laura both whimpered as David eased his hard cock into her and sat her up. 

  Laura gasped as David lifted her off of the couch and turned around and began walking to the stairs. She looked at David's lust filled eyes as he took the first step sending her bouncing on his cock. Both gasped loudly now not caring if the outside neighbors would hear. 

  David watched as Laura's tits bounced with each step. His cock twitched harder with each step up. With each step David filled and withdrew out of Laura until they reached the top of the stairs. David carried Laura into his room and laid her down on the bed and began pumping into her with all of his remaining strength. 

  Laura could feel David's thrust becoming more rapid and urged on his thrusting with her own hips rising off the bed to meet his. David admired his best friend under him and watched as her tits bounced in rhythm with his thrusts. He leaned his head back with a big smile as he felt her legs wrap tighter around his waist. David looked one last time into Laura's eyes before thrusting into her as he cummed into her.

  "Laura..." He groaned as he closed his eyes and let his cum splash into her one last time as Laura came with him on his cock as she rubbed the side of her face and back. Laura closed her eyes as she felt his cock erupt inside of her and rode her own orgasm. Her legs wrapped tightly around him as she whimpered one last time as his thrust slowed and finally stopped. The two roommates snuggled together in David's bed as they fell asleep with each other.