 The ad was clear, a young female 20 something professional seeks roommate to share a two bedroom two bathroom on the Upper West Side. After an afternoon of women I wouldn't want to share a taxi with, Alex walked in. I was surprised to say the least. Alex was young, professional, looked pretty put together, but Alex was definitely not a woman. He was fit, tall, around 6'4", stunning blue eyes and he had a head of messy thick black hair. He painfully stylish without trying. The kind of guy who was kryptonite to the average NYC girl.

"Erica?" He asked.

"Yes." I responded.

"Alex." We shook hands, he sat down.

"I'm sorry. I thought Alex was short for Alexandra." I said. 

"Nope, Alexander. How are you?"

"Good. Good. But, I was looking for a female roommate."

"Oh, I see...Its just..nope never mind...Well...your ad just seemed too good to be true.

"What do you mean?" I asked intrigued.

"Well, its in my ideal neighborhood, my price range, I'd have my own bedroom and bathroom. I'd live with someone who works for a major graphic novel publishing company, which may or may not include reading the latest comics before they are out, your friends occasionally come over and play tester Xbox games for "work" and your building is 420 and pet friendly...Seriously? What's the catch? Do you have mice? Roaches? Are you crazy? Gonna skin me alive in my sleep?" I couldn't help but laugh. After 3 hours of excellent conversation, I was convinced the Alex was my brother from another mother.

* * *

"Erica, he is too hot from his own good." My friend Patricia whispered as Alex walked, shirtless, back to his room. He was in a pair of low slung gym shorts, showing off his sculpted abs and strong back. The usual. That was the typical effect Alex had on women. He was like catnip for pussy. Was I immune? After living with him for 6 months I had seen him shift faced, so high he thought the walls were velvet and we had definitely farted in-front of each other. So yeah. He was just Alex to me. Of course he was a handsome guy, but, he slept around like one. 

"So...have you guys...?" Patricia asked. After he retreated back to his room.

"No! No. Of course not." I responded.

"Why not! He is like right across the hall!"

"He has probably the best roommate I have ever had and I'm not about to complicate that."

"Seriously?" 

"What?! I'm serious. Try to find a good roommate in this city." I said defensively. Suddenly, we both heard a male voice behind us.

"Tell me about it." Alex answered. He leaned against the wall next to the couch we were sitting on. Patricia let her eyes blatantly undress him.

"Yeah, it must be so hard." She said, her eyes lingering on his crotch. Alex smiled enjoying the female attention.

"You have no idea." Alex teased. I just rolled my eyes. Typical. Patricia was just what Alex usually wanted. She was tall, thin, blonde and stunning. She had no problem getting any guy she wanted. Especially guys like Alex. I was cute, but short. Petite. I didn't have crazy huge boobs like Patricia or legs for days. But I worked out, I took care of myself.

"Is there something you want Alex?" I asked annoyed.

"No. Just seeing what you girls are up to."

"Work-" I started

"Nothing!" Patricia responded. "Just talking about boring publishing stuff, join us. Erica you wanna grab us some beers or wine or...whatever?"

"Sure." I sighed. "Sure." Here we go, I thought. 

* * *

"Oh my God!" Patricia's voice rattled through the apartment at 3 o'clock in the morning and woke me up. I was surprised the neighbors hadn't banged down the door yet. "Shit! Fuck me Alex! Fuck!" It was getting ridiculous. That was the third time she had been over this week. And knowing Alex, they had been at it all night and they weren't done yet. Usually I'd just play some music and ignore it, but it was 3 o'clock in the morning. 

I got out of bed, ready to go bang on his door to tell him to keep it down. I opened my door and walked down the hall. The noises got louder. I walked out to the living room only to see full view of Alex's ass as he pounded into Patricia who was currently bent over the sofa. I froze. If there was ever any doubt if Alex's ass was perfect, it had been erased. And watching him pound in and out Patricia showed off his ass in rare form. 

The living room smelled like sex. It made me realize how long it had been since I had gotten laid, let alone fucked the way Alex was fucking Patricia. By the way Patricia was whimpering it sounded like Alex was tearing her apart. My breathing was getting shallow. I felt my pussy starting to get wet. I watched the site in living room carefully and with such longing I had to put my hand down the front of my PJs and lazily flick my clit just to relieve the tension.

"Fuck! Don't stop. Please, don't stop. I'm coming!" She whimpered. He was fucking her so hard their flesh slapped together at a breakneck pace. Alex groaned, as Patricia writhed around him, but he didn't slow his pace. He just latched on to her harder. I began to rub my clit in circles, getting hotter. This was wrong, so wrong. If I got caught what would I even say? It was so hot I didn't care. Their panting and grunting was getting more feverish and passionate until Alex pulled out, turned Patricia around, shoved her down to her knees, put his cock in her face and said, 

"Clean it." Which she did. Then he held her head on his cock and moaned, fucking her face as he came. They were done or so it seemed. But I wasn't. My pussy was soaked and aching. I crept back down the hall to my room. I quietly laid in my bed. I reached down between my legs and started rolling my clit in between my fingers. I imagined that Alex was fucking me like that. With passion. With abandon. When I came, I had to bite my pillow to keep from screaming. 

* * *

"Good Morning Erica." Alex was sitting in his boxers on the couch eating cereal. He looked well rested and relaxed from the night before.

"Where is Patricia?" I snapped.

"She had to go to the office. What's up with you?" He asked, instantly picking up on my mood.

"I had to listen to the two of you going at it all night. I went to bang on your door. But instead, found you two fucking in the living room and saw more of either of you than a ever needed to. Really? Do we have to have a talk about respecting common areas?"

"Shit! Really? I'm so sorry Erica." 

"I mean, she was screaming like a banshee. How could I not?"

"I didn't really think about it Erica. I'm so sorry." Alex pleaded, pouting, setting down his cereal. He came over and bear hugged me. As he wrapped his half naked body around me I began to blush. "I'm so sorry roomie!" I put my hands on his chest to push him away. He just squeezed me harder. 

"Ugh, please tell me you took a shower." I felt his muscles tensing, holding me as I struggled in his arms.

"Of course." He said refusing to let go.

"Cause lord knows I don't want to catch anything from you and your hoes."

"Ouch," He let go. "Burn, Erica. Just because I enjoy sex and the women I have sex with enjoy it, doesn't make anyone a whore."

"Well...then...what's the point of a relationship?" I challenged. 

"What? You won't have sex until marriage?"

"No. Just a commitment. You know, seeing the same girl from more than a week?"

"You got jokes, huh?" He smiled. But there was something else there. Something behind his eyes that seemed a bit hurt.

To be continued...