 It was a long summer before I was able to visit my girlfriend, Suzy, of 2 years at her parents' home. She had unfortunately decided to live at home in Dallas that break between our freshman and sophomore years of college. I can't blame her for that, but it certainly hampered our sex lives as I hadn't seen her since May. Luckily she was as horny as I and we had frequent phone sex... I always love hearing her moan as she climaxes! 

Could I afford it, I would have flown from Florida to see Suzy every weekend, but that is not feasible on college student's budget. Finally in July we arranged a weekend for me to visit. We both took Friday off from work and eagerly awaited the day we could kiss again...and grope and feel... and everything else! Daydreaming on the plane was enough to give me a huge erection and wish she could be there to join the mile high club. 

My impatience peaked as the plane landed in Dallas and pulled into the gate. I grabbed my carryon bag, impatiently waiting for the line of travelers to crawl ahead from the cramped aisle. I hoped she would be waiting at my gate since the plane was amazingly several minutes early. Finally we filed out, nodding our appreciation to the pilot and staff. I was reminded of the Texas heat as I walked up the poorly sealed gate ramp toward the terminal; a combination of humidity and nerves made the sweat bead slightly on my forehead. Why am I nervous? We have dated for two years. It is strange what some time apart and anticipation will do-- not to mention months of building hormones and pent up sexuality. 

I stepped into the terminal, my eyes scanning the sea for my dear mermaid. Motion in my peripheral vision caught my eye, and turning to investigate ended my search ... she reached me right as the recognition set and we embraced tightly. My 6'1" height positioned her arms right above my ass which she playfully grabbed as she looked up at me, pushing her long, dark brown hair behind her ear. I leaned down to kiss her and she happily reciprocated, locking lips for a nice sensuous embrace. I burned to shove my tongue in her mouth but resisted for the moment, although my cock began to stir at the thought. We started walking toward the baggage claim area, carry-on in my left and her hand in my right. 

"It is so great to see you! How was the flight?" Suzy asked. 

"Lonely... thought about you the whole time" I winked at her.

"Awwww... well you have me all to yourself now"

"I like the sound of that. I plan to take full advantage."

"You're going to take advantage of me? How naughty of you!" she gazed at me flirtatiously. I gave her hand a playful squeeze and then put my arm around her, pulling her in tightly as we walked with our hips locked together. Impulsively I stopped, dropped my bag, and spun her toward me. My left hand slipped through her hair as my right lifted her chin ... our lips met passionately in middle of the airport corridor. My right hand slid along her shoulder and up to her neck. My fingers showed their gratitude that her tight dark blue V-neck exposed plenty of skin as they slipped to the back of her neck, lifting her hair in a loving massage. She shoved her tongue roughly into my mouth but I pushed it back out to glide mine across her moist, full lips. Her hands clutched my ass through my shorts, pulling me in and feeling my erection against her. Tourists filed around us, nosy ones gawking and late ones zipping by. My lips broke away, as I was short of breathe and very turned on. I wanted to do her right then and there but knew that was asking for jail time. 

"We can't do this now; we are just going to get in trouble" My brain took over finally, removing my penis from command. 

"Oh God... I just need to fuck you so badly"

"Me too. But we also can't get thrown in jail!"

"I know... lets get your suitcase."

I wrapped my arm across her shoulders as we trekked toward the baggage claim once more, catching up news. As usual, the stream of suitcases had not yet begun to flow down the belt, so Suzy headed to the bathroom while I waited for the baggage. Next thing I knew, she was grabbing my hand and pulling me toward the restrooms. 

"Where are you taking me?" I laughed

"I need to feel you inside me right now"

"Oh God... that sounds great to me."

Suzy yanked the nearby janitor cart behind her, parking it outside the restroom as she pushed me through the women's door and threw the bolt. We immediately locked lips, out tongues dancing while my hands explored all corners of her body. My eagerness to have her overcame my sense as I shoved her against the wall, making her exhale sharply. I could see how much it turned her to know I was losing control... my desire was overtaking all sensibility, reason, and self control as I ripped her shirt over her head and grabbed her crotch, her legs separating involuntarily. Her breathing quickened as I kissed up and down her neck... I bit her shoulder hard and she let out a quick scream of passion and pain. She slipped her hand down my pants, easily finding my erection that was poking out the top to search for attention. As Suzy rubbed my hard cock and unzipped my pants, I pulled her from the wall, my nails digging into her back as my lips locked onto her ear. She shoved my pants and boxers down and stepped out of them; my shirt quickly followed. I had her shorts open and my hand rubbing her crotch through her panties, but that had to change quickly... she flipped off her shoes and kicked off her shorts and panties. We were standing naked in the airport bathroom, a blend of cold tile and hot bodies. Suzy knelt on my shirt and grabbed my hard cock, looking at it hungrily as she licked her lips. She rubbed my balls with one hand, wrapping my shaft with the other. Her tongue flicked out, licking around the tip and cleaning the dripping pre-cum off. I slid my hand through her hair, my moan reverberating off the restroom walls. After licking ... teasing... stroking... Suzy finally wrapped her lips and my cock and pushed, sliding my member into her mouth...damn that feels good. Her mouth slid up and down, sucking me off while her fingers massaged my balls. 

I pushed Suzy against the counter, lifting her slightly as her ass slid onto the marble. The perfect height... I rubbed the wet tip of my rod against her clit... up and down. She moaned and begged for me to insert it inside her. I only increased the teasing as I pushed my tip harder against her clit ... finally I inserted my cock into her, but only a few inches and she leaned back in pleasure. Her hips pushed forward, trying to envelope my rod entirely. I accepted, sliding it in so easily along her wet slit. I could see her juice flowing out because she was so wet. Suzy gasped at the feel of my whole cock within her; it had been so long since we have been so connected in passion. 

My hands grasped the side of her face, pulling her head toward me. Our tongues explored each other's mouths before I opened my eyes to see her desire piercing through me. I had never felt so connected with someone, the airport could disintegrate around us and we would never notice. 

My hands caressed her back while kissing but soon moved to her breasts, cupping them and then rubbing her nipples in circles. My hips were thrusting in and out, my cock sliding so easily in and out of her dripping hole. I pinched her nipples right as I thrusted HARD, sooooo deeply inside... she moaned and I increased the speed of my pumping. I could feel her squeezing my cock while it grew harder every second. 

Suzy's ass slipped forward and backward on the cool marble counter with each hard stroke and buck from her hips. I heard someone pull on the door as the bolt clinked against the jamb. For an instant a rush of adrenaline pumped through my body, but with the realization that she could not open the door my body converted it quickly to sexual passion... the danger excited me as I realized how naughty we were being. 

Suzy moaned "Oh... fuck me harder... yes!" I responded by slowing my strokes slightly to slam my cock into her to the depths of her pussy. At the same time I leaned down a bit her nipple hard, which set her off in a wave of orgasm, her body spasming as she screamed "OH FUCK YEAH!!! Cum inside me, baby... let me feel your hot cum!" Seeing her climax, the cum running out of her pussy, set me off as I exploded. I could not breathe for second as the pleasure streaked from my penis to my brain, stopping time until it subsided and I looked down at my spent sex partner, leaning against the mirror attempting to recover. I had to stand there in a daze before I was ready to get dressed and join society again, but even then I knew I was the luckiest man alive.