 Ah! I know I'm horrible about updating. I apologize. Here is chapter 07. Enjoy!

-Aeli

****

How? How did she know? Did Alex tell her? Did she figure it out? Who else has she told? What exactly does she know? 

Those questions and more raced through my head as Alex and I spent our Friday night together. We made dinner, went to the latest summer blockbuster, relaxed up at Alex's favorite dive bar and ended the evening scarfing down two dollar pizza in Hell's Kitchen. Even though Alex spent most of the night insisting that it was not a date, it was one of the better dates I had ever been on. We talked for hours. There was never a lull. We shamelessly flirted with each other, but with the comfort that we were going home together at the end of the night. But, the entire time, I watched him. Had he betrayed my trust, or did Patricia just figure it out? Either way I was waiting to tell him about the text. I needed more information before I let him know that our little secret had leaked. 

"Erica, baby, what's up?" Alex asked as he waved his hand in front of my face. I had spaced out again.

"Nothing," I mumbled, as continued to stuff my face with pizza. He started to try a hail a cab. "Wait," I said as I pulled his hand down, "let's walk back up. It'll be fun,"

"Okay," he smiled. He wrapped his arm around my waist and rested his hand in my back pocket. I did the same to him. When we reached the tourist mosh pit of Times Square, we had stop at the crosswalk and wait for traffic. When we did, he pulled me in for a passionate kiss, not caring about our blatant PDA. It was like he wanted to tell everyone that I was his. I let myself get lost in the kiss until I felt the crowd move around us. I broke the kiss and pull him across the crosswalk before we lost the light. That was how we made our way up the West Side of the city. He would grab my face or my hips or my waist and kiss my lips, my neck or my collar as we made our way back home.

When we reached a quiet street, he pushed me up against a brownstone and really went at it. Before I let the affection go to my head, I pushed him off of me.

"How are things with Patricia going?" I asked.

"What? Really?" he asked as he backed away from me. I nodded. "I don't ask you about Elliot," he snapped, "Don't ask me about her."

"Ok," I answered.

"I'm just being honest," he defended.

"She's my best friend."

"Yeah...about that," he started. I felt my stomach flip. This was it, "She understands that I see other girls. She knows. Hell, when the mood strikes her, she participates,"

"So?" I probed.

"Stop worrying," he said.

"Really?"

"Truly," he whispered as he grabbed my face, pulling me against him, "she sees other people too. I'm sure of it,"

"Have you seen other people recently?" I asked, pushing away from him.

"Besides you?" he asked, frustrated.

"Yeah."

"No."'

"Really?"

"Why would I lie to you?" he asked as he searched my eyes.

"Okay," I breathed. I breathed and let myself relax. Patricia had obviously figured it out on her own. Now it was up to me to figure out how.

***

"A double date?" I repeated in disbelief. 

"Yeah. I have a few extra tickets, we should invite Alex and Patricia along," Elliot smiled as he perused the books on my bookcase. I spread myself out on my bed, hoping to distract him. It didn't work.

"I don't know..." I trailed off.

"Yeah," he continued after glancing at me for a moment, "Char got passes to the soft-opening of a club downtown. I know its not our usual scene, but I think it could be fun." He smiled. I grinned back. 

"Okay," I responded.

"C'mon, Erica," he chuckled. I began posing on my bed for him, trying to distract him. He gave me a long look before he continued. "It'll be fun. Worst case scenario we have a few drinks, endure some loud music and go home," Elliot said as he made his way to the edge of my bed. He began to caress my foot. I smiled.

"Alright," I mumbled as my eyes rolled back into my head. He slowly worked his way up my leg.

"That doesn't sound very convincing," he teased as his hands moved higher.

"Okay Elliot," I groaned, "Let's go." He began to tickle me, I swatted him away. He ended up pinning me to my bed. After, playfully, struggling, I planted a kiss on him. He pulled me in for another and we began to make out.

Before we got too hot and heavy, Elliot's phone went off. He pushed himself off of me and checked it. Confused, I sat up and waited. He quickly pulled himself to the other side of my room to check his phone.

"What's up?" I asked.

"Nothing," he mumbled as he texted, "Work stuff."

"Is it important?" I challenged. Obviously, feeling put off from him darting across the room.

"No," he mumbled, "I mean, yes. It's important, but nothing crazy,"

A crash in the kitchen stopped me from questioning him further. Suddenly loud music started playing. 

"That must be Alex," I said as Elliot buried himself in his phone. I opened my door and yelled towards Alex in kitchen. Some part of me wanted to question Elliot further, but I assured myself that it was nothing.

"Alex!" I yelled, "What are you doing?"

"Making chili!" he responded, "and listening to the Foo Fighters! How do you use a crockpot?!"

"Are you serious!" I asked. I glanced back at Elliot, he was still in his phone. I made my way to the kitchen. "What are you trying to make?" I asked. Alex showed me the recipe he printed online. As I checked the pantry for seasonings, Elliot entered the kitchen. I gave Elliot an annoyed look over my shoulder. He smiled at Alex.

"Hey!" Elliot said, as he waved at Alex, "I got VIP tickets to a club downtown. Wanna come?"

"Sure!" Alex chirped as he added too much paprika to the crockpot.

"Alex, no!" I yelped as I snatched it from him. He looked hurt. "I mean 'yes' to the club, but 'no' to the paprika. Did you even read this recipe?" I responded, flustered by the two of them being in the same room together. I, quickly, busied myself in the chili as the guys talked about the club. Red faced, I found myself measuring and mixing things until I felt a tap on my shoulder. It was Elliot. He pulled me from the kitchen to the hallway.

Before I could ask him what was going on, he pinned me up against the wall and kissed me passionately. As he made his way down my neck I giggled.

"What?" he asked.

"That tickles," I whispered. He continued, but before he got to my chest, he stopped."What?" I asked.

"I have to go, but I couldn't leave before I did that," he grinned. I'll see you tomorrow?""

"Yes," I breathed.

"I can't wait."

***

I had a full day of work but I managed to make it back home to grab a dress and heels before heading to Elliot's.

I shooed him out of his bedroom while I got ready. I let Martha, his dog, follow me. She sat patiently at my feet while I did my make up. When I was done I checked myself out in the mirror. I looked great. I looked sexy. I had on a tight little black dress with sheer sections and cut outs. All were strategically placed to make me look extra curvy. I also had on sky high black heels.

I let my hair put of my ponytail and began tousle it. I heard knock on the bathroom door. It was Elliot. I gave my hair a good shake and opened the door. Martha scurried away and Elliot stood there, mesmerized.

"Hey you," I whispered. I smiled, innocently, back at him. His eyes drank me in. In response, he grabbed my face and kissed me. I moaned into his mouth. He grabbed my ass. 

"How long has it been since you've been to a club?" he asked as I pushed my ass into his hands.

"So long," I mumbled. His hands were devouring me. He, quickly, began to kiss my neck. "What?" I giggled. He was much more affectionate than usual.

"I've never seen you like this, its...different," he whispered.

"How so?" I asked playfully. He kissed me deeply and his hands drifted over my body. After a moment, he broke the kiss.

"You look like trouble, Erica," he moaned into my ear.

"Maybe I am," I moaned back. He dug his hands into my hair and pressed my mouth against his. We spent the next few minutes working each other up until the car arrived.

***

I saw Alex and Patricia waiting in line. I hadn't seen her since the text. My heart dropped into my stomach. Her eyes were fixed on Elliot, ignoring me. As usual, she looked amazing. It looked like she had been dipped in liquid silver, her tits looked perfect, her nipples delicately pressed through the skin tight fabric. I'm sure her ass left just as little to the imagination. Every guy in line glanced at her in lust. I waved to Alex, I was too scared of facing Patricia. Elliot motioned to the guy working the door and he pulled them out of line. I watched as every one in line checked out Patricia as she strutted by. Her hair was impeccable, her body was perfectly displayed in that dress. But, even though Alex was holding her hand, I could feel his eyes all over me. I blushed and I felt myself strutting, a bit, for his benefit. The look in his eyes told me that he definitely noticed.

As we were pulled across the velvet rope, we were greeted by our own personal bartender and a booth at the top of the club. I quickly kissed Elliot, partially in thanks and in an effort to keep his eyes on me. There was a plethora of beautiful people dancing and drinking. I felt oddly possessive of him.

We saw Charlotte, she was in sparkly mini skirt and matching crop top. She was networking the VIP section. Max, from brunch, was perched at her side. Elliot quickly excused himself to thank her for the invite and to buy her a drink. After running an art opening, I understood all to well. We were there to support her. I kissed him on the cheek and sauntered over to the private bar. As I ordered our usual drinks, I heard Alex's voice in my ear.

"I wouldn't let you out of the house like that," he whispered, I gasped in surprise. He sidled up next to me and rested his hand on my thigh. "Well," he reconsidered, "not unless you'd been throughly fucked you first," he groaned into my ear. His lips drifted over my neck. "Has he fucked you already?"

"Alex, what are you doing?" I asked as I pushed him off of me, "Elliot's here!"

"So," he laughed.

"And Patricia looks amazing," I offered.

"Not as amazing as you," he smiled as his hand grabbed my ass. I carefully pulled myself away and perched on a bar stool.

"Alex, that's a lie. I mean...I'd fuck her in that dress," I laughed.

"Would you?" he smiled, "Do you have bisexual tendencies that I don't know about? Because I'll gladly exploit those."

"Alex, I'm serious, she looks gorgeous," I asserted.

"I can't take my eyes off of you," he grinned, "Don't try to distract me. I know what I want." He began to kiss my shoulders and up my neck. I let him. The bartender, uncomfortably delivered our drinks. I playfully pushed Alex away. I began to sip my cocktail. Alex grabbed my hand and made me put my drink down. He began to pull me onto the dance floor.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Dancing with you," he responded, "I'll buy you another drink if you want," he said, "just dance with me." He pulled me onto the middle of the floor. It was full of grinding bodies. I was slightly uncomfortable by the wanton display of sexuality. But, as Alex began to kiss my neck and grind his crotch into my ass, I began to relax. He quickly snaked his hand under my dress.

"Alex," I gasped. He ignored me and kept going, slowly rubbing my pussy through my panties in time with the music. Suddenly, I spotted Elliot in the crowd, he was looking for me. I yanked Alex's hand out from under my dress and put it back on my hips. Elliot spotted us. I felt my heart drop, what would he think of me grinding with my roommate? Elliot's eyes locked with mine. He smiled. He looked intrigued. As he made his way across the floor towards us, I could feel my every heart beat. I didn't know if Alex could see, he didn't let me know. I had no idea what Elliot was going to do when he met us in the middle. My mouth got dry as he got closer. I was so scared. Finally, he reached us. I felt Alex tense behind me. Elliot's eyes locked with mine. I stared to sputter something. Something to try and explain what was going on. But then, Elliot put hands on face and kissed me, deeply. He easily joined our hips, sandwiching me between the two of them. 

"Mind some company?" Elliot whispered. He groped my breasts through my dress. He must have been drunk. I moaned and felt Alex relax behind me as we all began to grind together. But, just as the tension dissipated. I felt something else come up. Or better yet, two things come up. As I writhed between the two of them, I felt two needy cocks press against me. I smiled and let my head roll back in a moan. I saw Alex's face over mine. I saw a flash of anger in his eyes. Then, I saw something else. Desire. Some part of him was enjoying this. I quickly looked back at Elliot and I grabbed his face and kissed him hard before he could say anything about Alex. I just felt Alex pull my hips closer to his. I could feel his cock through his pants. Despite myself, I moaned into Elliot's mouth. They both continued to grind with me as my head began to swim with lust. Suddenly, I felt Alex's hands glide up to my waist under my tits. I frantically reached down to pull his hands away, but Elliot whispered in my ear.

"It's ok," he whispered, "You look so fucking delicious, how could he resist?" he chuckled. He must have been shit faced because he put Alex's hands back on my waist and began to kiss me before I could say anything. When Elliot was distracted by kissing me, Alex took the opportunity to grope my tits and kiss the back of my neck. Elliot grabbed my hips and press his growing bulge against me. I moaned from the male attention. I let myself relax into pleasure. Their hands were all over my body. I had one hand on Elliot's face the other wrapped around Alex's hips. As all of our hips moved together in a way that made my eyes roll into the back of my head my brain, officially, fried.

"Oh my god," I moaned into Elliot's mouth.

"You are too sexy for your own good," Alex groaned into my ear. 

"I have to go," Elliot whispered into my other ear, "But when I come back, I want these," he said as his fingers found the edge of my panties. I blushed. "Take good care of her, man." Elliot smiled, drunk, at Alex. Alex smiled back. But then, out of nowhere, Elliot switched. "Hey!" he barked at Alex, "Don't get any ideas," he warned as he flashed Alex one of the nastiest looks I'd ever seen. It made both of us freeze in our tracks.

"Don't worry," Alex said, uneasy. I reached for Elliot, but he was gone, lost in the crowd before I could touch him. Alex dragged me off the dance floor. Still incredibly turned on and flustered, I barely registered that we had made a sudden turn towards the bathrooms. After a few quick words and money exchanged with the bathroom attendant, Alex pulled me into a private stall. He slammed me up against the wall, shoved his tongue into my mouth and pulled my dress up over my hips. My body began to respond to his touch. I, quickly, began to unbuckled his pants.

"Two guys enough for you?" he chuckled, darkly.

"I can't believe that just happened," I replied, still in shock. 

"I can. I think it will happen again," he whispered as he hoisted me up against the wall and pulled down my panties. "I don't mind sharing you. I'd even let Elliot have your pussy," he said as he eased himself into me with drunken familiarity. I still gasped at the feeling. "As long as I get this," he whispered as he pressed a finger against my asshole. I was so wet from the dancing that he could easily slip in.

"What?," I breathed.

"I'll be gentle," he groaned as he bit my neck. He slipped his fingertip into my ass, I began to moan. "You like my thumb stretching your tight little ass?" he asked as he swirled the tip of his thumb inside me. 

"Yes," I whimpered.

"Mmm, maybe I'll slip my cock in next."

"No," I gasped. I never had anything in my ass, until Alex. The tip of his finger felt amazing, but I definitely could not take something as big as his cock. 

"What? Are you scared?" he chuckled.

"Yes," I whimpered.

"Please, let me claim this," he whispered as he slowly slid his finger a little deeper, making slow gentle spirals, stretching me, "Your pussy already belongs to me, let me have your sweet little ass too," he moaned as he began to slowly ease his the tip of his finger in and out in time with his cock. I whimpered in pleasure against his neck as he worked me over. I felt myself open up as he thrust into me. I was, obviously, craving his cock. I spread my legs and pulled him deeper as I got closer. He took his finger out of my ass and grabbed my hips as he went faster, slamming my against the wall.

"Fuck, Erica, I'm gonna cum," he groaned.

"Alex," I gasped as reality smacked me in the face, "I'm going home with Elliot."

"What did I say about talking about him when I'm inside you?" He warned, his breath ragged. He just fucked me harder. I was bouncing with his every thrust against the wall.

"Its just," I gasped, "you can't cum inside me, baby," I whimpered. Angry, he stopped fucking me and clamped his hand over my mouth and nose, stopping my breath. He growled into my ear.

"You don't tell me where I get to cum, do you understand that?" he asked, slowly. He waited a moment before he let my mouth go.

"I understand, just please Alex, please," I gasped.

"Please what?" he asked.

"Please, don't cum in my pussy," I begged.

"Oh no," he chuckled, "This is my pussy to use as I see fit, right?"

"Its yours. All yours. Just, please," I begged. Alex glared at me. He pulled himself out of me. I groaned in disappointment. I pressed my body against his, still needing to get off. Suddenly, he kicked my legs wide apart and placed his hand between them. I was soaked. He took two fingers and began to bang me, using his palm to grind against my clit. I moaned, loudly. He shushed me. Then, delicately, rested his other hand against my throat and kissed me. My thighs began to tremble as I got close. His eyes met mine and a satisfied smirk spread across his face. My legs buckled in pleasure and I came. 

"Good girl," he smiled as I rode his hand in pleasure. He steadied me against the bathroom wall as I came down. "Pull your dress down," he commanded, gruffly. I pulled my dress over my tits. "On your knees," he barked. I obeyed. He looked down at me. His hard cock was in my face. I opened my mouth, ready to receive his load. He rammed himself into my mouth. 

"Fuck, Erica," he moaned as I swallowed against the tip of his cock. He tipped my head back and pressed himself down my throat. I began to gag from his rough treatment of me, but I was so turned on that that gags turned to moans. I grabbed his hips myself, and pulled him as deep as I could take him. He grabbed my hair and growled as he came down my throat. I enjoyed every spastic thrust as he came, filling my mouth. 

When he was done, he reached down and, delicately, stroked my face. He pulled me up to standing and in a half naked heap, we laughed together.

"Think you could handle it?" he asked, as he smiled at me, satisfied.

"What?" I asked, "You and Elliot?" I smiled, "Or you in my ass?" I bit my lip.

"I don't think he could keep up with us," he started, but then he was decidedly silent as to if he was joking about anal. I shot him an inquisitive look; I was expecting an answer. He shrugged and smiled sheepishly. I shook my head. As I replayed our tryst in my mind, something caught my attention. I frowned. "You, okay?" he asked.

"What?" I mumbled, as I looked at my feet and tried to avoid his question.

"Erica," he took my face into his hands, making me look at him, "I talk a lot of shit in the heat of the moment. But, I promise I wont do anything you don't want to do. You're just so sexy. I can't help myself. My mind wanders," he smiled as he began to play with my hair.
