 Hello!

Thank you to everyone for your feedback! I know its a long time between updates. Life decided to dump a bunch of stuff on me this month, but I do plan on finishing this story. Anyways, here is chapter 6. Its short but sweet, which means chapter 7 will follow shortly! Enjoy!

-Aeli

****

I woke up at 3am in Alex's bed. I hadn't meant to sleep there for as long as I did. When I woke up, his arms were wrapped around me, his chest was pressed against my back and his dormant cock was nestled against my ass. I slid out of his embrace. He rolled deep into his sheets, missing the warmth of my body. He looked so sweet, deceptively sweet. As I got out of his bed and got to my feet, I realized how sore I was and how sore I was going to be. I carefully made my way back to my room. I smelled like sex and Alex. I stumbled into my bathroom and turned on the shower.

So, it was official. I was fucking my roommate. Just thinking that statement made me relax. For the first time in weeks I felt at ease. I wasn't trying to deny our attraction or shut down my feelings. And I was fucking him because no one had ever done things like that to me before. Not even my boyfriend. My boyfriend. I told myself that I would just do it a few more times and then I'd call it off. I'd get Alex out of my system. Or Alex would get bored. We would get tired of each other and move on. There was no way we could maintain this level of attraction. Simply, things would taper off and we could get back to our significant others. I repeated that over and over again to myself. It comforted me as I curled up in my sheets and slept. But, that night my dreams were full of heartache and loneliness. It seemed that some part of me knew better.

The next morning I was indeed very sore. I lay in my bed until I smelled coffee wafting in from the kitchen. I pulled on some shorts and a shirt and followed the smell. I found Alex in his underwear drinking coffee and checking his phone at the table.

"Hi," I said, shyly.

"Hello," Alex grinned. I felt his eyes follow me as I poured myself a cup. But this time I wasn't afraid of meeting his gaze. I looked back at him coyly over my mug as I went into the living room. He followed me.

We settled in-front of the TV. I pulled up the DVR and began to shift through all the shows I had recorded. As I scrolled through options, he began to play footsie with me. I smiled. It was oddly charming to have him flirt with me in such a boyish way. When I finally picked a show, he wrapped his leg over my thigh and pulled me into his chest. As we watched the show everything felt right. We were still in our own secret world, nothing from outside had come in to burst our bubble. But then, my phone buzzed. It was a text from Elliot.

"Meeting an old friend on the UWS for brunch. Wanna join?"

I considered the text for a minute. I was so comfortable with Alex, and the idea of spending the weekend with him in the apartment was tempting. Too tempting. I closed my phone, got off the couch and went to my room.

"What's up?" Alex asked from the living room.

"I'm grabbing brunch with some friends," I said.

"Oh, well," I heard him hesitate.

"What?" I yelled back.

"Nothing. Have fun." I quickly got dressed and grabbed my bag. When I went back into the living room Alex was already wrapped in the TV show. I hurried past him and I closed the door behind me.

***

"Erica, this is Max," Elliot smiled at me and kissed me sweetly on the cheek. Max got up and shook my hand. He looked like a typical clean cut Ivy League graduate. We chatted about the economy and world events while we got tipsy on mimosas and gorged ourselves on pancakes. Elliot carefully held my hand under the table. I was surprised by how much I was enjoying myself. I was having no problems being with Elliot after Alex, or dealing with being attracted to two men at once. I was smoothly compartmentalizing what I was feeling. And as the mimosas went to my head, I felt myself getting cocky. I playfully rested my hand on Elliot's knee, running my fingers over his kneecap. I flashed him sexy little glances while engaging in the conversation. But then I heard, 

"Elliot?" A red headed woman on the street stopped at our table, "Oh my God, I didn't realize you were here!" she squealed.

"Yeah, Max and I were grabbing brunch," Elliot mumbled as he quickly got up and, discreetly brush my hand off his knee. 

"Elliot?" I asked, vaguely offended by how strange he was being. 

"Erica," he smiled, "This is this is Charlotte. Charlotte, Erica." I reached forward and shook her hand. She was beautiful. I had seen her before, she was definitely one of Elliot friends, but we had never been formally introduced. I felt myself begin to get possessive and almost threatened by her beauty. I wrapped my arm around Elliot's waist. He shifted against me uncomfortably.

"Oh! I've heard so much about you! Great to finally meet you," she said as she flashed me a perfectly pearly white smile. I smiled back, suddenly very conscious about the color of my teeth. The more I looked at her, the more I realized that she was, for lack of a better word, perfect. She was stunning, like traffic-stopping-stunning. "You guys got room for one more?" she asked.

"T-Totally!" Max stuttered, enamored with her beauty. She quickly went inside to make her way to our table out on the patio. Max pulled up a chair. I looked at Elliot.

"She's the one who lost her job," he quickly responded, "I apologize in advance if things get messy."

"What do you mean?" I whispered.

"Max and Char used to be a thing," Elliot whispered as Max set up a place for her, "She's not taking the break up or the job loss well and she isn't too good at holding her liquor, but-"

"Are those mimosas?" Charlotte chirped as she sat down to our table. She quickly poured herself a glass. The waitress came over to offer her a menu, but she dismissed her and ordered another carafe of mimosas. Elliot clenched my hand under the table nervously. As we ate, Charlotte unrolled a litany of her sorrows. She drank most of the new carafe of mimosas. By the end of the meal she was almost too drunk to talk.

"You are so cute," she slurred to Max as she wrapped her arm around his shoulders. Max laughed nervously. Elliot got up and made his way to the front. I followed him.

"I'm sorry about this," he said, "I'm going to call her a car."

"Poor thing," I mumbled as I wrapped myself around his arm. He smiled at me. He fiddled with one of my earrings. I smiled.

"You gonna take it or what?" I whispered into his ear as I pressed my body against him. I nibbled on his ear lobe as he talked to the car service. I loved how his voice jumped as he tried to carry on a regular conversation with the operator. When he hung up the phone he pulled me in for a surprisingly passionate kiss. "I thought you hated PDA," I whispered. He just bit his lip and, slyly, took off my earring. I blushed.

"You didn't call me a car?" Charlotte shouted from across the resturant, "Did you? I'm not that drunk!" I looked over and Charlotte was leaned against Max in the door. Elliot looked back at me, disappointed.

"Come on Char, lets get you home," Elliot said as he pulled her away from Max. Like magic, the car pulled up to collect Charlotte. Elliot carefully poured her into the car.

"You are so cute," she giggled, "You got me a car. Like a princess?"

"Yes, like a princess," Elliot mumbled, obviously annoyed. Elliot began giving the driver directions. He was telling him to drop her off downtown and then to drive him and I back to his place. I was about to shut the passenger door when Charlotte shoved it back open and threw up all over the sidewalk. We all froze. Elliot turned to me and handed my earring back.

"I have make sure she gets back ok," he frowned, "I'll see you soon," he whispered and kissed me on the forehead before pushing Charlotte back into the car and climbing into the passenger seat.

Disappointed, I walked back to my apartment. The living room was empty. I threw my bag down and grabbed my laptop from my room. I needed to catch up on emails and on the latest series on HBO. I slouched onto the couch and pulled up the DVR. I spent the rest of the day catching up with work and popular culture. I ordered in Chinese. I was half way through a carton of sesame chicken when I heard Alex's door open. 

"Is that Chinese?" he yelled from his room.

"Maybe," I yelled back.

"You couldn't ask if I wanted something?"

"I didn't know you were here!" I yelled back. He emerged from his room in shorts and a t-shirt. He looked disappointed. He pointed at my half finished carton.

"There is no way you are going to finish that," he smiled. I shook my head. "C'mon Erica, you never finish it." I insisted. "I'm just going to get a fork and sit here. Just in case."

"You can always get your own," I offered.

"How was brunch?" he asked as he crossed the living room to the kitchen. I couldn't help but watch him as he walked past me. He was a man that looked just as good coming as he did going.

"Great, until we had to take care of a one of Elliot's drunk friends," I mumbled.

"Elliot," he scoffed.

"What?" I asked.

"Nothing," he said. I heard him fiddling around in the kitchen. I went back to emails. After awhile he came back into the living room with a fork and a soda. I looked at him. I looked at the fork. "What?" he grinned. I handed him the rest of the carton.

"I can't believe you sometimes," I mumbled. 

"Thank you baby," he said as he flashed me a sweet smile. I couldn't help but smile back. "What are you watching?" he asked as he settled next to me. 

"Latest thing on HBO," I answered. He grunted in response. I split my focus in-between work and the show until the show began to pull my attention. In true HBO fashion, there was an absurd amount of sex only a few minutes into the show. As things were getting hot and heavy on screen I was the usual amount of titillated, but things were quite different when Alex was sitting next to me. He casually put his hand on my thigh.

"Usually, this is when I would fantasize about doing that with you," he whispered, "But, now..."

"What?" I blushed. He pulled my laptop out of my lap, put it on the coffee table and kissed me. He held the back of my head in his hands. His hands soon fell to my hips and pulled me closer to him. He began to kiss down my neck. I ran my hands up the front of his shirt. He quickly pulled his shirt off over his head to give me full access. He pulled me onto his lap. I straddled him. He grabbed my ass and pressed his hips against mine. He began to bury his face between my tits. I pulled his face back up to mine and kissed him. He broke the kiss. 

"We made a mess of my bed. Let's use yours," he said as he got up, with my legs still wrapped around his waist, and walked to my bedroom. We quickly fell into my bed. As he kissed me, he pulled my shorts and panties off. He settled between my legs and just looked at my pussy.

"What are you doing?" I giggled.

"Planning," he responded. I laughed. He lazily traced his fingers over my pussy. His light touches made me flinch. He spread me open and carefully blew over my clit. I squirmed at his touch. He grabbed my hips and held me still. He began to work his tongue against me. He took his time, teasing me, and licking me from back to front. I felt my wetness begin to pool between my thighs. I was sure I was going to make a spot on the bed. He eased a finger into me.

"Careful, I'm still sore," I whispered.

"So am I," he chuckled. He swirled his tongue around his finger, exploring the folds of me, tasting me. I moaned as he carefully massaged me. He pressed a second finger into me, stretching me. Then he delicately swirled another finger around my ass, not quite entering, just teasing me with the idea. I gasped. He rolled his tongue against my clit. Even though was lying down, I felt my knees buckle. I felt his fingers massage inside my pussy. He ate me out slowly. I grabbed his head as I got close. I spread my legs wider and he pressed into me. My hips began to grind against his mouth. I let go of his head and began to play with my nipples. I looked down at him only to catch him watching me writhe. I felt myself begin to cum and then quickly cum again.

As I lay there, recovering, he slowly kissed his way up my body. He carefully slid my shirt and bra off. He sucked on my tits and began to slowly grind against me, letting me feel his hardness through his shorts. As my pleasure subsided, I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him. He moaned into my mouth, obviously, needing release. I hooked my legs around his hips and flipped him on his back. He laughed in surprise. I slid down his body and made quick work of his shorts and briefs.

He was hard. I wrapped my lips around his cock and sucked him all the way to the back of my throat. 

"Holy shit, Erica," he moaned. I loved the salty taste of his precum. I loved how he filled my mouth. I slowly drew him out of my mouth and then pulled him back in. His hips rose off the bed to meet me. He raked his fingers through my hair. 

"Fuck," he gasped, "How did you get so good at that?"

"You taught me," I quipped in the quick moment I took my mouth off his cock. I quickly engulfed him again to make my point. He groaned as his eyes rolled back in his head and his hips rolled into my mouth. I moaned around his cock. I took my time going up and down the length of him until his cock was cover in spit. I took my hand and began to swirl it up and down with my mouth. 

"Shit!" he cried, "Slow down, I don't wanna cum yet," he whispered as his hands pulled my head off his cock. I looked up at him. His face was flushed, he smiled down at me. He sat up, got closer to me and carefully pushed my hair out of my face. He began to stroke my face and just stare at me.

"What?" I asked, uncomfortable.

"Nothing," he whispered. His seemed lost in my face. I blushed.

"Stop it," I whispered. I tried to bury my head in his chest, he pulled me back up and kissed me, softly. He massaged my tongue with his, occasionally breaking to nibble my lip or trace a few kisses along my jaw or down my neck. He took his time exploring my mouth with his. I felt myself get light headed with desire. I wanted to fuck, but with every shift I was reminded that my pussy, my thighs, and my abs, all needed a break. The more he gave me his tongue the more I wanted him. I pulled his tongue into my mouth and sucked it, mimicking what I wanted to do to his cock. He moaned and pulled me closer to him. I felt his cock resting against my stomach. I began to kiss his neck and shoulders. He leaned back as I kissed my way across his chest. I flicked his nipples with my tongue. I kissed his abs and ran my tongue along the deep muscular V that ran from his stomach to his cock. 

I took him in my hand and ran my tongue up and down the side of his cock, pausing to swirl around the tip. I went lower and took his balls into my mouth. One and then the other. He moaned. I let my tongue dip down further. If he liked my ass so much, he must have some affection for his own. I carefully flicked my tongue across his asshole. He growled in pleasure in response. I went further. I swirled my tongue around the same way he did to me. He gripped my head and held it down.

"Good girl," he moaned as he spread his legs wider. I lathered the space between his ass and his balls with my tongue. I felt his cock get rock hard in my hand. I took one hand and pressed my fingers into the space my tongue once inhabited. I brought my head up and licked his cock while I did it. "Erica...Fuck," he groaned. I swallowed his cock, gulping against the tip as his pressed against the back of my throat. He came hard, shooting into my mouth. I swallowed all of it. I kissed my way up his body and rested against his chest. His eyes were heavy with satisfaction. He possessively pulled me into his chest. For a moment he just looked at me and smiled. He playfully stroked the side of my face. I blushed.

"Really?" he chuckled.

"What?" I whispered as I turned beet red.

"You're blushing," he smiled.

"What?" I giggled. Embarrassed, I buried my face in the covers. He carefully pulled the sheets off my head. I was still pink.

"You're so cute," he whispered as he played with my hair. "You left last night," he said, changing topics.

"Yeah, I'm picky about where I sleep," I mumbled.

"Well. Then," he started. I looked up at him, "can I stay here?"

"What?" I asked. I wanted to make sure I heard him correctly.

"Can I stay in your bed with you?" he asked.

"You already are," I smiled.

"I'm asking if I can stay the night Erica," he said as he eyes tried to read my face.

"What?" I repeated, trying to buy time. My mind was going a mile a minute. I'd never seen him be this vulnerable before.

"I like cuddling," he sputtered, looking away from me. Now it was his turn to be embarrassed.

"Really?!" I laughed.

"I know. I know," he groaned, "So?" he smiled, "Big spoon or little spoon?"

"Little spoon," I giggled. He wrapped his arms around me and curled up around my body. We slept.

***

That night I slept like a baby. I felt so safe comfortable nestled in his arms. In the morning, as I slowly woke up, I felt a familiar heat between my legs. I stretched as I woke up and realized that Alex's hand was snaked in-between my legs. He fingers were carefully massaging my pussy. I shifted. I felt his cock pressing into my back. He was, apparently, in a mood. As he felt me wake up, his fingers got more deliberate and began to flick over my clit. He nuzzled his face into my neck. I brought my hands up to run through his hair. 

"Good Morning," he whispered. I could hear the smile in his voice. I pressed my ass back against his cock, he groaned. He pressed a finger into my wet pussy.

"Alex," I moaned, "what happened to giving me a break?"

"With you naked next to me? Did you honestly expect me to be able behave myself?" he whispered as he began to move his fingers in and out of me. I let my head roll back and raked my fingers over his scalp. I arched my back and spread my legs. I wanted his cock. He quickly pressed his hips against mine and guided himself into me.

"You always feel so damn good," he moaned into my ear as he pushed himself into me. I gasped. I began to grind against him. He slowly thrust back. He hands ran over my body feeling every inch available to him. I reached back and felt his ass flex as he went in and out of me. His hands massage my tits. I reached between my legs and massaged my clit. I began to rock my hips back against him to make him go faster, but he just went slow. He kissed my neck as he played with my nipples. He growled against my throat before he pulled my face to his and kissed me. He playfully bit my lips and traced his tongue along the inside of my mouth. Finally, he grabbed my hips and began to go faster.

"Oh, yes," I moaned. I played with my clit as he went faster. I spread me legs wider. I let my body relax against his. His breath got heavy in my ear. The sound of our hips slapping together was driving me crazy. I reached back to stop his hips and wriggle out of his grasp. 

I pushed him down on the bed and got on top of him. I, carefully, took his cock all the way inside of me. I winched as he filled me up. He hands massaged my thighs as I adjusted to him. Once I got used to him again, I began to grind. I rested my hands in his chest. I kept him inside me and just worked my clit against him. He tried to make me bounce on his cock, but I insisted on grinding.

"Erica..." he teased as he tightened his grip on my hips. I looked down at him, pleading.

"You feel so good," I moaned, "Please?" He laid back and bit his lip. He watched as I worked my clit with his cock buried inside me. 
