 When my roommate got engaged and moved out I was in need of a replacement. As luck would have it my cousin said her friend was looking for a place and she might be interested. 

I was skeptical about a female roommate but I had met Sarah and she being a lesbian I figured that might mitigate some of the problems. It's a shame that Sarah is a lesbian because she's fun to be around and really built. I have an appreciation of the full figured woman and at 5-6 and 210 pounds with a full firm rack, thick solid thighs and a fat flat butt Sarah would be in my wheelhouse. 

But what transpired was, we got along really well. If one or the other of us had tickets to a concert or wanted to see a movie and there were no dates to be had we would go together. It was better than both of us sitting home. 

We both entertained our share of women. As a matter of fact I believe the count at present is three that found their way into both bedrooms, with some interval in between. I can't say for sure who they preferred but they all made return visits on both sides so they didn't seem to have a problem on either side.

This one Friday night some neighbors had a bar-be-que that Sarah and I went to. We both thought there might be some women to connect with. We were wrong but it was a game changing night. 

For whatever reason Sarah got good and drunk and I had to half carry her home. Fortunately she isn't a belligerent drunk just unsteady and a little 'grabby', my ass was getting a workout and my balls got her attention for some reason but I resisted the temptation to reciprocate. Such the gentleman I am to not take advantage of the drunken dyke for a quick feel. 

Once I got her inside the apartment Sarah got a little rambunctious and with her back to me asked, "What do you think of my boobs Jason? Come on feel em and tell me."

Maybe I didn't respond quickly enough, which ended up in my favor, as Sarah had undone the buttons on her plaid flannel blouse, rather adeptly for being so drunk and was removing it. I would have been able to tell Sarah what fabulous boobs she had even in the lycra sports bra she had on but she proceeded to remove it freeing her big fat firm fabulous gazongas. 

Still in gentleman mode I was going to resist the urge to play with those choice melons but Sarah took my hands and put them on her big firm boobs for me and said, "Come on get to know em. They're pretty damn good aren't they?"

Well to hell with being polite because they felt better than good so I took what might have been a one shot chance and I felt up those jugs, enjoyed them, ran my thumbs across her wide light brown nipples, which Sarah rather enjoyed, and I have to say, damn they are good. "Yes Sarah they are damn fine boobs."

That made Sarah smile with pride so she went for more, "If you think my boobs are nice, check out this butt. Here wait a second."

Sarah then undid the button of her pants, unzipped them and started sliding them over her wide hips revealing a thong very much overwhelmed by her thick body. "Now just wait I'll be out of these in a flash. Now grab my butt and tell me that isn't one fabulous hunk of butt. Go ahead and give it a shot"

So who was I to disappoint, I reached around Sarah's thick body with both arms and took two handfuls of her big butt and I have to say if she was just a little bit Bi and not a lesbian I would have been on my way to getting as much of her boobs, butt and everything else as I could handle. As it was I gave her fat backside a thorough going over, jiggling it with both hands and putting my nose to hers, looking her in the eye said, "Sarah that is one magnificent butt, you have every right to proud."

Since things were already haywire Sarah's next move didn't turn things there. The big dyke took a half step back from me, undid the button on my pants, unzipped my fly and reached into my boxers for my nearly fully stiff dick. 

My cock isn't one to discriminate, lesbian or not Sarah had the boy feeling good as she stroked it with one hand. Sarah slid my shorts down with her free hand and said, "I don't have a lot of experience with these but damn Jason this baby is a handful. No wonder you're so popular with the girls."

I said 'thank you' then Sarah reached around to grab my ass and said, "Cute buns too, I love a nice ass man or woman just to admire it."

As I thanked Sarah again she grabbed my ass and backed up towards the couch, taking me with her, where she sat down. Now with my stiff 8 ½ inches in her face Sarah looked up at me, smiled and shocked the hell out of me when she took the head of my dick in her mouth. For not having much experience she managed to suck the head of my dick like a true dick smoker while jerking the shaft with one hand then the other hands.

With Sarah focusing her attention just on keeping the head of my cock in her mouth and generating incredible suction I was a little weak in the knees. When Sarah started humming that was all I could take and started cumming. I was in too happy a place to wonder if she might not appreciate getting a mouthful of semen but she just kept humming as she milked me dry. 

When I was done and Sarah was apparently satisfied she released my dick and leaned back on the couch and began an alcohol fueled rant to herself as much as to me, "I thought that party would have some potential but fuck, no action. There I am looking hot, best boobs to be found, strutting my big butt and nothing. And I end up coming home with my hetero, man dick roommate. So as horny as I was I had to just do something."

"You did quite well." I replied. If asked I would have continued but I was content and graciously asked, "Could I get you some water?"

Sarah sighed and replied, "Yeah I could wash your contribution down."

So I stepped out of my pants that were around my ankles and went to get a large plastic cup of water. As I went back and forth to the kitchen Sarah continued, "Yeah you know I did do you up pretty good didn't I? I've got hidden talent. And you seemed like you had some fun with a sexy dyke body too Jason. Don't say I don't have the goods."

Handing Sarah the cup I said, "Oh you're all that Sarah."

Sarah chugged down all 32 ounces, belched and said, "Damn right straight boy, this bitch brings the heat and gets 'em off. Now would you be a dear Jason and help me to my bed I don't think I can manage on my own."

So I took Sarah by the hand, pulled her to her feet and half carried, dragged her to her bed where I dumped her face down and she fell instantly into dreamland. I looked down at her fine thick body, that big butt and thought 'damn I would not mind if you woke up not being a dyke'. 

The next morning I got up at 10 and had breakfast. Sarah stumbled into the kitchen in sweats at 11 and said, "Was I dreaming or was I so drunk last night that I sucked your dick?"

"I don't know about what dreams you had but I have to say yes you were and did." I replied.

"Fuck, was it good?" she asked.

"So damn good you could pass for a straight girl." I said.

Sarah laughed and said, "Well I'll just accept your endorsement and leave it at that. At least I wasn't so far gone that I gave up the pussy to you, I've got a lesbian reputation to take care of."

"Your secret is safe with me Sarah." I assured her.

"Now could you show some appreciation by making me some breakfast?" she asked.

"Why of course' I replied.

That night is now looked back upon as a real turning point in Sarah and my living together because we got even closer and shared more adventures together.