 Chapter 1: The First Chapter

My name is Paige, I'm 22 and I own a house. It's not important right now to know how I came to own this house, the important thing is paying for the upkeep. I've only owned the house for two weeks, I just moved in two days ago myself.

When I first found out I was responsible for it all I asked friends to move in, then my sister and brothers, but they all declined. I broke down yesterday and put an ad in the paper for roommates. I'm not concerned if they are male or female, just as long as they pay the rent and don't destroy the house.

The ad had run four days when I got my first call: Scott. He said he is 21, in his first year of college and doesn't want to stay in the dorms. I asked if he could come by in an hour and he said sure.

Let me tell you about the house while we wait for him: it's a two-story with six bedrooms and three bathrooms. It has a huge downstairs living room and kitchen, plus a den and a family room. What I love about the house is the back yard. It's got pool and tons of grass in great shape, you can lay down or walk barefoot without fear of bugs and dirt.

Ok, now I guess I should tell you how I came to own the house. About two years ago I was desperate for money and I did some escorting for about six months. One "client" was a newly divorced man who had a thing for fast sex: he loved to see how fast he could make me come. It was truly a game for him (he even had a stop watch). Well, three months ago I get a call from some lawyer telling me that he died and I had been willed his house and to come in for the reading. I went down and heard the reading, signed a lot of papers and received the key. Since he was divorced already, I have no fear of his ex-wife claiming it as community property... Whoops, Scott's here, and I have to sell him on staying.

Chapter 2: Meeting Scott

I walked to the front door, looked out the peephole, and... wow.. is he hot! I wiped the drool from my chin and did a once-over in the foyer mirror. 'Oh well, probably got lots of girlfriends,' I thought to myself. I opened the door, introduced myself, he introduced himself, and I stepped back so he could come in.

"This is a nice place," he commented as he was looking around the living room.

"Thanks, I haven't been here that long, and it was in perfect shape when I got it," I said. As we made a tour of the upstairs I told him the prices of the rooms as we got to them and tried to sell him to the local features. We went downstairs again, chatting away about college and roommates from hell.

As we entered the kitchen, the conversation turned to house rules. "I haven't really put rules in concrete yet," I said, "they will evolve person by person I guess. As far as over-nighters..." I paused, searching his face for interest in the topic. I saw none, so I asked, "Do you have a girlfriend?"

"Nope," he answered smoothly

My eyebrows went up, "Really?"

"Really," he said smiling.

Needless to say I wanted him, anyway I could get it. And lately I am bold enough to go for it, being newly single and all that. I stepped toward him, and kissed him full on the lips. He seemed surprised but he wasn't that shy about kissing back.

I ran my hand up his torso over his shirt as he grabbed my waist. He lifted me up, placing me on the counter. He ran his hand over my breasts through my shirt. He broke the kiss and leaned over to tease them through the fabric, running his lips over the nipples, his long blond hair falling across his face.

With his right hand on my breast, he ran his left hand down to my crotch. I spread my legs, and he rubbed my pussy through my shorts. As he was massaging me, I moved my hands to his shoulder and pulled him closer between my legs, wrapping my legs around his waist, trapping him between my thighs.

He leaned back as I pulled his shirt up and lifted his arms as I pulled the shirt over his head, flinging it to the floor. I leaned up and kissed the nape of his neck, with my right hand on the back of his head. I heard him moan, which spurred me on.

I planted kisses across his chest, slowly going up to his chin. He put his hands on my ass under my shorts and pulled me toward him. I wrapped my arms around his neck and ran my tongue under his jaw line, moving my kisses to the back of his neck.

He moved to unbutton my shirt as I ran my hands over his naked chest. He pushed my shirt open and let out a low moan when he saw my satin bra, a deep maroon, "I love satin," he breathed.

He touched lightly with his fingertips around the tops of my breasts, moving upward 'til his palms were around my neck. He looked down at me with his beautiful blue eyes, his long hair framing his face.

Chapter 3: Scott Fucks Me

He ran his hands along my arms up to my shoulders, his fingers under the bra straps. I undid his jeans, allowing him to pull them down and step out of them. When I saw his boxers it was my turn to moan, I'm a sucker for them. I leaned back on the counter so he could remove my shorts. He took an ankle in his left hand and pulled my shoes and socks off. He did the same with my other ankle and footwear. He ran his hands over my stomach, his fingers playing across my skin.

I leaned up and whispered, "Touch me everywhere," and I kissed behind his ear. He started unbuttoning my shorts, pulling them off slowly, tracing my legs with the tips of his fingers as he went.

I closed my eyes as he pulled off my shorts and let them fall to the floor. He spread my legs and stepped toward me. I opened my eyes to see his eyes on mine. He put his hands around my waist and lifted me up. I wrapped my hands around his neck, "Where to?" he asked.

"I'm yours," I optioned.

With a naughty smile he pried my legs apart and went to the downstairs bathroom. I heard some rustling and saw him coming back with a thick towel. He went to the center chopping island and laid it down, folding it several times. He pushed in the middle, satisfied with the thickness.

He turned around and pulled down his boxers, leaned over and pulled them off.

He turned around, cock fully erect, and sat on the chopping block, watching me intently. I got off the counter and walked over to him. I didn't notice before, but he's got his left nipple pierced, a gold ring in the hole (could it get any better than this?). I lean down and lick around the ring, sucking the nipple just a little as I move over to the non-pierced one.

I play my finger around the nipple ring while sucking and licking the other nipple. He ran his hand through my hair and I moved in closer between his legs.

I leaned up and kissed him, sucking on his tongue. I licked his lips as I pulled away. I unhook my bra in the back and pull the straps over my arms, leaving the cups in place. I turn around and walk over to the fridge. I unhook my bar and fling it over my shoulder in his direction and open the freezer door. I take two ice cubes and close the door. I move back to standing in front of him but just out of his reach.

I hold one ice cube in each hand and start to rub them over my breasts, the melting water streaking down my skin. My nipples and areolas harden with the extreme cold. 

I watch him as I move the ice cubes across my stomach and chest, the cold water streaking over my skin.

The cubes half melted, I walk over to him, dropping the fragments of ice on the floor. I place my cold hands on his butt and pull him toward me and I kiss him again. Our tongues mingle and I run my hands through his hair.

He pulls me closer with his hands on my waist. Feeling my panties, he runs his hands on the edge of buns. He pushes the panties down 'til I have no choice but to break the kiss and let them fall.

He jumps off the chopping block, and lifts me up to where he was sitting. He kneels in front of me and spreads my legs. Directly eye-level with my cunt, he places my knees over his shoulders. 

I lay back on the chopping block. He looks for a sliver of the ice melting ice I dropped. Spying one, he picks it up, spreads my cunt lips, and runs it over my hot, dripping clit. I shiver and while moans and whispers of "nibble my clit" escape me.

He runs his free hand over my legs and stomach, tracing around my nipples. He pushes the remaining bit of ice up my cunt hole and its cold melted water runs down my ass. 

"I must have you now, I can't take it anymore," he breathes lustily. He stands up and starts to massage my slick dripping pussy. Running his finger around my pussy, massaging my clit. I moan and twist my hips, wanting it all now.

He puts my ankles on his shoulders and places the tip of his cock at the base of my cunt. He pulls my hips closer to the edge and I feel him slide in. He immediately starts to pump, hard thrusts. I match his stokes, grabbing the edge of the table with my hands, our moans mingling.

He starts to shudder, and slows down his pace, moving my left ankle to around his waist, so he can watch.

"Fuck me like a whore," I demand.

"Yes, ma'am," he says and he leans down to suck my nipples.

I run my hands through his hair as he runs his tongue over my breasts, circling the nipples. He takes a nipple in his mouth and my leg grips his waist tighter. 

"Harder, Scott," I command. He pounds harder, shaking the chopping block violently. "Harder," I insist, "harder."

He puts his hands on my shoulders, thrusting with short, hard strokes. Sweat runs down his chest and I run my hands through it over his smooth skin.

I feel him tense as he comes, his grip on my shoulders tighten. I grab his forearms, my own ecstasy finally hitting. I arch my back, pushing hard against him, his cock going deeper as my orgasm grips around his cock. He leans up, groaning, pushing as far as he can inside my cunt.

He pulls me closer at the waist. I can feel he is still hard and he starts the strokes slow and deep. He leans down for a kiss. 

"Fuck me more," I whisper in his ear, my hands around his neck.

Chapter 4: I Fuck Scott

He lifts me off the table and I wrap my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck. He walks into the family room and stands beside the bean bag by the TV. I unhook my legs from his waist and he sits down.

He lays back, his hands still on my ass. I pull my legs in close along his waist and rock back a little, adjusting to the new position.

He runs his hands up my back and through with my hair. I lean down and put my hands on the floor above his head. My breasts are right over his face and he flicks his tongue at them.

Shivers run through me as his puts a hand on one and sucks liberally on the hard nipple. I lift up on his hard cock, running the tip along my pussy lips and over my clit. He moves his free hand to my ass and I slide slowly back down. I tighten my cunt muscles around his cock and slide down. His breath is hot on my breasts as he moans deeply.

His hand grips my ass tighter and I slide up and down his cock in longer strokes. He takes the other nipple in his mouth and runs his tongue around it in circles. He starts to match my strokes and I spread my legs wider, his cock going deeper in my hot pussy. 

"Oh, yes," he says, finally leaning back with his hands on my waist.

I lean up a little and he starts matching my strokes. I lean my head back as he slams harder and harder.

"Oh yes, fuck me, Scott," I tell him and he grasps my waist tighter, slamming faster against my cunt. The first waves of orgasm hit and I yell for more. With my cunt gripping his cock, he comes, slamming harder and faster.

Slowing down, he lets go of my waist. I roll off and lay on the floor. Catching my breath I hear him ask, "So is the room still available?"

- end part 1 -