 Thank you Thank you Thank you all so much for your continued feedback and for favoriting chapters 01 and/or 02!!

I've been listening and I made sure this chapter was much longer than my previous submissions. Let me know what you think!

I hope you enjoy chapter 03. 

Thank you,

-Aeli

*****

"Do I look ok?" I asked.

I had finally emerged from the bathroom of Elliot's parent's master bedroom. I had on a red designer bikini. Elliot had gotten it for me. It was cut much smaller than I was used to. It was barely covering my breasts and even though it made my ass look incredible, it left very little to the imagination. Elliot was sitting at the edge of the most beautiful bed I have ever seen. It was a huge four poster california king bed completely decked out in white silk sheets. Apparently, Elliot's parents got down in style. 

"Oh my," Elliot said, "Turn around?" he asked. I did. "No," he frowned, "No. You can't go out there like that." I knew it. I looked foolish.

"You picked it out! I told you I should have come with you," I whined. 

"No. No. Let me finish. You can't go out there with out some of this,"

Elliot pulled me to him on the bed and began to kiss me. He was already in his swim trunks and nothing else. We quickly fell back together across the bed. He easily rolled me onto my back. He kissed me deeply, passionately, shoving his tongue deep into my mouth, finally scratching an itch I needed ever since we started fucking. I moaned loudly and shoved him onto his back.

"Shhh," he smiled. I slowly pulled the string off the top of my bikini, letting it fall off. He stared at my tits, his mouth dropped open. He then quickly pulled the bottom string of my bikini, letting it fall open, to reveal my freshly wax pussy.

"Shit babe," he whispered.

"I couldn't come to the Hamptons unprepared," I smirked. 

"No, no you could not," he chuckled. He rolled back on top of me and spread my legs apart with his. He pulled his trunks down. I saw only a glimpse of his hard, mushroom cock before he buried himself inside me. He began to fuck me harder than usual but not hard enough.

I tried to thrust back, but, as usual, he held my hips down. I squeezed him from the inside, but if I did that too much, he would cum. Frustrated, I wrenched my hips out of his grip. Using my whole body, I rolled him over and got on top of him. I began to ride him, slowly, sensually. I looked down at him and his eyes were screwed shut, taking him away, taking him to somewhere else and out of this moment with me. I closed my eyes too and let my imagination wander. As usual, I found myself imagining I was straddling Alex instead. I tried to move my imagination away but, lately, imagining Alex was the only thing that could get me off. I imagined fucking him and him fucking me. Him bending me over and fucking my brains out. Right when I was getting close, right before my orgasm finally hit home, I heard, "I'm gonna cum." He pulled out and I jerked himself off until he came on his stomach. The usual. I rolled off of him frustrated. I began to kiss his neck and whispered.

"Isn't it my turn?"

"What?" he mumbled, still in his post-orgasmic haze.

"My turn to cum?" I asked as innocently as I could. He smiled at me. Then I saw his eyes quickly focus on something behind me.

"Oh shit," he mumbled. He reached behind me and looked at his phone. "Apparently everyone is at the gate waiting for me to let them in."

"I'll just text Alex and Patricia, they can do it. They are out at the pool. They're closer. Stay."

"No, no I should do it." He kissed me, sweetly. "Rain check?"

"I'm going to hold you to it," I pouted.

"I know you will babe and I can't wait," he whispered.

We both put our swimsuits back on. Elliot ran out to the gate while I, ready to hump a couch, wandered over to the pool. It was a gorgeous day in the Hamptons. It was hot, sunny and there wasn't a cloud in the sky. I went over to the bar and asked the bartender to make me a Tequila Sunrise. It was 5 o'clock somewhere and if I was going to be this horny all day, I was going to need a drink. As I sat on a barstool sipping my cocktail, I saw something that was going to make my day even more difficult. I saw Alex as he hoisted himself out of the hot tub. He was covered in water and sweat. His muscles, already enough of a distraction, were made even more defined by the water. The way he walked made me want to straddle him and ride him until I felt satisfied. He was so confident and self assured. Of course his swim trunks clung to his muscular thighs and outlined, what I could only imagine was, an epic cock. I felt my already frustrated pussy begin to ache. I looked away. Of course he sauntered over and sat right next to me. I glanced over and he flashed me a smile as he mopped his wet hair out of his face. 

"I'll have two of whatever she's having," he said. As the bartender mixed his drinks, I intentionally avoided looking at him. Finally, he reached over and lazily stroked my forearm to get my attention, I nearly jumped out of my skin. "Are you scared of me now?" he chuckled. 

"No, just in my own world," I lied.

"Yeah, me too," he responded. I glanced over at him. He was staring at Patricia. He undressed her with his eyes as she emerged from the pool. Patricia had always been gorgeous and she knew it. She wore a bikini that left nothing to the imagination. Her tits were barely contained in her purple string top. The bottom was cut so high in the front and back that we could all see that she was waxed bare. She walked like a runway model wherever she went. No wonder Alex liked her. She strutted over to us, he handed her a drink and kissed her deeply and passionately. I looked away.

"Stop, Alex," she cooed, "we're making Erica uncomfortable," she said as she smiled at him and bit her lip. "Let's make a toast!" she raised her glass in my face, I raise mine and Alex raised his. "Here is to good friends, good boyfriends who have loaded parents, an open bar and a mansion in the Hamptons!" We toasted. "By the way Erica, you look amazing. I have always said that you have a hot little body and should show if off more." she cocked her head to the side, pretending to hit on me, "I bet Elliot can't keep his hands off you," she teased as she ran a hand up my thigh.

"Oh, I don't know, it's a bit to revealing for me," I apologized.

"No! It's great!" she exclaimed as she flicked the edge of my bikini bottom. She turned to Alex, "Alex, tell her she looks great." Alex mumbled something that sounded vaguely positive, as he buried his face in Patricia's tits, "Alex! Stop it!" she yelped. He just firmly put his hands around her ass and hoisted her onto his lap. Patricia turned away from him and leaned forward, whispering in my ear, "Thanks for inviting us, this is exactly what we needed to patch things up. We are seriously getting back in sync, or at least we were was this morning," she chuckled. Suddenly, Alex pulled her in for another kiss. I grabbed my drink and left, that was all the PDA my body could handle. 

I looked out and saw Elliot coming back with a plethora of people. Every single one of them looked like the rich, beautiful, people in movies. I froze. I suddenly felt incredibly out of place. Before I could hide, Elliot waved at me. I waved back. He ran up to me. He pointed at my drink.

"What's that?" he asked.

"Tequila Sunrise," I answered.

"Gimme a swig," he said as he grabbed my drink and downed it. Before I could say anything, "This is the girl I've been telling you about. This is my girlfriend Erica," he said as he introducing me to everyone. I was bombarded by an avalanche of names, hugs, compliments and handles upon handles of booze. "And these are her good friends Alex and Patricia." Elliot turned to introduce Alex and Patricia, only to see them dry humping each other on the bar stool. He grimaced. A few of his friends laughed. I offered a dry smile. This was going to be a long day.

***

After a few rounds of shots and a steady stream of Tequila Sunrises, I was finally relaxed around Elliot's friends. They were all in the top 10% of New York City. One of them was a partner at an elite real estate company. The other was an international model. One was a socialite. The other was on Broadway. And so on and so forth. They all, thankfully, found my job interesting and wasted no time grilling me about my opinion of all the comics turned TV series and movies. I was doing surprisingly well. I was charming, smart and funny. I had eight new facebook friends in the first hour and by the second I was making coffee dates for the next two weeks. 

Elliot could not have looked more pleased. As we all chatted in the hot tub he could barely keep his hands off me. Under the cover of the bubbles, he ran his hands between my thighs and over my ass. Every so often he would place quick kisses on my neck and shoulders. I could not wait to get him alone. 

Unfortunately, I could tell that Alex and Patricia felt left out. Alex tried to initiate a game of 'never have I ever', only to get shut down and asked if he always resorted to high school antics to get laid. Patricia felt out of place discussing her day job as a server with a Broadway star. They eventually retreated into the house. I felt bad, but, I felt oddly at home with Elliot and his friends.

Eventually, the tequila took its toll and I had to go inside. I scampered to the guest bathroom. The door was slightly open so I just walked in only to see Alex and Patricia. She was topless, on her knees and sucking Alex's cock. 

I gasped. Suddenly, Alex looked right at me, his eyes were dark with lust. His eyes locked with mine. I couldn't move. Unflinching, he buried his hands in her Patricia's hair, pushed her mouth all the way down his cock and began to fuck her face. I heard her begin to moan and gag. He held my gaze as he bit his bottom lip and smiled. My stomach began to tighten and I'm sure my nipples could cut glass. Finally his head craned back in ecstasy.

"Fuck!" he moaned. Once our eye contact was broken I could finally slam the door. 

"Oh my God! Lock the door!" I yelled. I tried to calm myself down, but the damage was done. I was a horny mess. I Found another bathroom. Then I marched outside to find Elliot.

A I searched for Elliot was driven by lust and inspired by tequila. It was getting dark, the fire pit was going and the outdoor lanterns bathed everything in a warm light. People were dancing, drinking and a few couples had retreated to dark corners of the estate. The party was in full swing. I saw Elliot chatting with a red head at the bar. I made my way over to him.

When I got to the bar, I wrapped myself around him and pressed my breasts into his back. I whispered into his ear,

"Now."

"Now, what?" he asked.

"From this morning. Now." I swiveled him around on the bar stool and kissed him, snaking my tongue into his mouth. I grabbed his hand and, silently, he followed me. I began to pull him back towards the house only to see Alex and Patricia remerging. She was still adjusting her bikini top. Alex and I locked eyes for a moment. I glared at him. I pulled Elliot away from the house. My eyes began to scan for a non-occupied space. I pulled him back behind the pool house and out of sight.

I pushed him up against the side of the pool house and began to make out with him. I ran my hands over his body. I pulled his hips against mine. I began to wind my body up against his. My hands came to his crotch and began to rub him through his swimsuit. I had no idea what I was doing. I would never have sex in public, but I was just so horny I didn't care. I turned around so I could grind my ass into his lap. I took one of his hands, pushed it down the front of my bikini bottom and eased his fingers into my pussy. I took the other and slid it under my bikini top. 

"Whoa, whoa babe, slow down," he whispered. His voice was breathy and low, he was obviously enjoying the attention I was giving him. However, he removed his hands from my tits and pussy, turned me around and pushed me off of him.

"Elliot," I whined, already missing his hands and the warmth of his body against mine.

"Not here babe," he whispered. He was looking at me like I was a spoiled child.

"I need it," I begged. I began to kiss him again, shoving my tongue in his mouth. I heard him moan back. His hands came to my ass and squeezed. I lifted my leg up to wrap around his hip. I felt his hard cock begin to press against my pussy. 

"Erica!" he shoved me off of him, "What has gotten into you?" I suddenly felt incredibly ashamed.

"I'm sorry," I whispered, "I'm sorry, I just...I don't know-"

"It's ok," he said, he pulled me in for a sweet soft kiss. I felt my body begin to ramp up again. I needed a release. And, judging by the fact that his cock was resting firmly against my stomach, so did he. "Not that I haven't fantasied about doing that all day. Just, later ok? I promise." I nodded as he held me. I heard his breath catch, like he was starting a thought, but he stopped.

"What?" I looked at him. He looked at me with puppy dog eyes.

"I can't go back to the party like this," he whispered.

I looked down. He was still hard. It wasn't exactly what I wanted, but I was too wound up to say no. Wordlessly, I got down on my knees and pulled his swim trunks down. His cock sprung forward into my face. I wasted no time. I opened my mouth and pulled all of him deeply into me, pressing the head of his cock into my mouth as far as it could go. When my lips reached the base, I stared up at him, giving him the best doe eye innocent look I could muster. I was obviously a woman on a mission. "Holy shit, babe," he hissed. 

I pulled his cock out of my mouth and began to cover it in spit. Then I began to suck him off in earnest. He gently put his hands on my head and coaxed me to take all of him deeper into my mouth. I did, easily. Maybe it was because I was so horny, maybe it was all the tequila, but, again, I found myself imagining Alex's cock in my mouth instead. I wondered if it would even fit in my mouth, Patricia was gagging on it and she always bragged her deep throating skills. I imagined Alex filling my mouth, pressing against the back of my my throat. I moaned. Elliot's grip on my head got harder. I brought a hand to his cock and began to slowly twist around the base in rhythm with my mouth. I took my other hand and began to play with my clit. I moaned again. Elliot's hips began to buck into my mouth. I felt so powerful on my knees with Elliot at my mercy. A small part of me wanted to stop, wanted to delay his orgasm in revenge for all the times he had done it to me. But before I got the nerve to pull my mouth away, I heard,

"I'm cuming!" Elliot grunted. I kept going until I felt him begin to unload in my mouth. It began to milk his cock for every drop. If I wasn't going to get release, I was going to make his unforgettable. My mouth began to fill with warm, salty, cum. I swallowed. I pulled his cock out of my mouth so he could see me lick him clean.

He looked down at me. His mouth was wide open. I continued to lick him until his cock went soft. I was hot. My skin was vibrating with lust. Elliot could have asked me to do any kinky, nasty, sexual favor and I would have said yes. Instead he grabbed my face, pulled me up and kissed me on the cheek.

"Remind me never to leave you Erica. Never. You just wait until tonight. I promise I'll make you cum until you beg me to stop," he whispered into my ear. He gently grabbed my hand and led me back to the party.

***

"Strangers waiting, up and down the boulevard, their shadows searching, in the night! Streetlights, people, livin' just to find emotion, hidin' somewhere in the night!" Elliot sang at the top of his lungs, while he and I stumbled with him back to our room. I couldn't help myself, it was Journey.

"Workin' hard to get my fill!" I joined in, "Everybody wants a thrill! Payin' anything to roll the dice, just one more time!" We all had way too much tequila. 

"Some will win! Some will lose! " Alex and Patricia had joined in while they shared a joint behind us. "Some were born to sing the blues!" they crooned together, "Oh, the movie never ends. It goes on and on and on and on!" 

With that we finally found ourselves in our respective rooms. Once Elliot and I got into ours, he sloppily pulled me with him down onto the bed and kissed me. He began to try to pull my bikini off me and his trunks off of himself, but he was painfully drunk.

"Shhit," he mumbled. He looked down as his limp cock. "I shwear I'm so horny right now. Especially after you blew me," he slurred. I wasn't nearly as drunk as he was. I felt bad.

"Its ok," I lied, "really, let's just go to bed. There is always the morning." He nodded in agreement. Then he passed out almost immediately. I undressed him and put some boxers and a shirt on him. I pulled on some underwear and a tank top. I curled up next to him, but I was wide awake. I heard muffled yells from Alex and Patricia's room next door. At least they were having fun. I gradually eased myself into a light sleep. 

***

I woke up moments later to a door slamming. 

"Fuck you! You stupid fucking asshole!" I heard Patricia's voice echoing in the hallway. Still pretty tipsy, I crawled out of bed. I propped my door open and craned my face out into the hallway. I saw Patricia storming out towards the front door. I stepped out and looked around only to see Alex standing in the doorway to the guest room behind me.

"What the fuck Alex?" I whispered.

"She's a stupid fucking cunt!" he yelled.

"Fuck you!" Patricia's voice echoed from somewhere in the house.

"Oh my God," I walked to his door and and pushed him into his room, "Stop yelling in the hallway," I whispered as I closed the door behind us. "You are going to wake up Elliot. He needs to sleep."

"Does pretty boy need his beauty rest?" Alex mumbled sarcastically.

"What?"

"You bring me and Patricia here just to let these assholes walk all over us." He was fucked up and angry. I began to try and talk him down.

"You guys are here as my guests. But you two decided to act immature all day and behave like whores. Don't think I've forgotten about the bathroom incident, that was disgusting."

"Whore? That's funny coming from you," he scoffed.

"What?" I said, taken aback.

"Elliot had his hands all over you all day."

"Elliot is my boyfriend."

"That's right. Boyfriend. How long have you been seeing him? A week? Two?"

"Alex..."

"You sit there on your fucking high horse preaching about no sex before relationships," he stared.

"Oh please, Alex. I've been seeing him for over a month."

"But what you really mean is no sex unless a guy blows a load a cash on you," he continued, ignoring me.

"Alex, you are a guest in this house-"

"A load of cash for a load in your face!" he yelled, "Isn't that right?"

"Excuse me?" I gasped.

"Everyone could see the grass embedded in your fucking knees and the satisfied look on that fuckers face when you two came back. Every guy knows that look. Tell me, were you enough of a lady to spit, or did he pay you enough to swallow?"

I slapped him. Hard. His cheek was bright red. He looked back at me, shocked and pissed. His eyes had gone cold. 

"Fuck you," I said. But that wasn't enough. I slapped him again. Harder. "Fuck you!" I wound up to slap him again, but this time he caught my wrist. I reached my other arm back and he grabbed that one too. 

"No, fuck you!" he yelled. We began to struggle. He pinned me, my arms over my head, against the wall. He pushed his body against mine. Suddenly I was aware that I was in nothing but boy shorts and a tank top, no bra. He was in nothing but his boxers. He smelled of sweat, salt water and sunscreen. I was so horny that the smell of him was beginning to get me wet. I felt his muscles tensing against my body to hold me in place. His eyes locked with mine as he whispered, harshly, 
