 This was crazy, she thought as she contemplated turning right the hell around and going home, what the hell have I gotten myself into?

She really hadn't gotten into anything yet. She could still turn back as she hadn't quite gotten the courage to knock on the door, but the fact that she was even here right now was blowing her mind. Here, at a stranger's house whom she met on the internet no less, looking for casual sex. Anyone who knew her wouldn't believe it, that she, Rose, was here doing something so dangerous, so irresponsible, so scandalous. Although her logical brain tried to win the battle over her senses her physical body wouldn't allow her to turn around. Right, wrong, safe, or otherwise she had to see this through. She had to prove to herself she was a fantastic lover, and her ex-boyfriend was wrong. She wasn't a prude and she wasn't the reason their relationship fizzled out and he cheated. She was a young, fun, sexy, attractive, professional. Sure she was determined and focused, you'd have to be have your doctorate in psychology by 25 and Clinical Director for one of the state's most innovative mental health hospitals by 28, but that didn't mean she wasn't any fun. And yes by the end of her relationship with her ex she was scheduling their sex, but what else could she do? There was never enough time for anything more than a well thought-out, crafted, romp in the sheets. Well here it was Wednesday at 9PM, and it had been three months since her boyfriend left her saying she was frigid and predictable. She was horny, and she had something to prove. Suck it up girl, she thought to herself, this is happening. She took a deep breath and knocked on the door.

She let out that deep breath and watched the condensation curl around in front of her. It was cold and she was standing on a stranger's front porch in a black trench coat with black fishnet stockings and high black heels, and nothing else. She personally thought the attire was ridiculous, but it had been at his request. It was one of the few things he'd requested. Her tight lipped casual lover hadn't said much sense they made the plans. She'd tried to open up conversation, ask him what kinds of things he liked sexually to see if they were compatible, but when he answered if he answered she only got one word or one sentence answers. She didn't know much about him. She had a tiny picture of an average looking fellow who appeared to be serious about keeping things casual. She usually needed some sort of connection for sex, but she was willing to give this a try. So she didn't push for more. This was an arrangement, a deal, just like in business. They both wanted to get off and that was it. Then at 5PM she received that single text to wear only a coat, fishnets, and heels. It was sexy in its simplicity and she didn't know why she shouldn't oblige him. And it was a different experience knowing you were preparing your body for someone you hardly knew to enjoy. She was perfectly shaved, lotioned, perfumed, made-up, and deodorized...and wet. Ever since she'd gotten that text, with the simple request which exuded a quiet confidence, she'd been turned on and her body wouldn't let her change her mind from that point on. She had these thoughts as she went to rap the door one more time.

He found her there with her hand raised, mid knock. Immediately she realized she'd been mislead. The man that stood before her was not the simple kind man in the hard to see picture. He was much, much more. She noticed first the blue eyes which shone against his olive complexion and dark hair. Even in her heels he was a couple of inches taller than her. He wore a simple t-shirt and cargo shorts with bare feet. It didn't seem quite fair that he was dressed so down when she'd done all that prepping for him, but as she drank him in even more she realized it didn't matter. That simple white t hung over his body like it didn't want to be there, his body so taught and hard and lean, the man's body should be in a gallery somewhere and never, ever clothed. She scanned his body, couldn't help it. She noticed his strong arms and muscular legs, his just-woke-up hair. Then she heard the snort and returned to her senses, immediately embarrassed at her brazen examination of this stranger at this stranger's home. God, she thought, I've been standing here gaping like an idiot.

"I'm sorry" she said at once to him and stuck out her hand, "Adam? Is it?"

Saying nothing he simply grabbed her hand and gently led her inside his warm, cozy home. "Yes, Rose." He finally said once she was inside. "I'm sorry for making you wait. You must have been cold."

At that, she blushed, suddenly shy, which seemed to amuse him once again. He let go of her hand just as she'd realized he still held it. He put gentle pressure on the small of her back and led her further in the home. The hearth opened up to a beautiful open floor plan with high ceilings and glass panels in the back of the home that seemed to open the house even more if at all possible. It was far from the bachelor pad she was expecting. The living room that opened up to the enormous kitchen was nicely decorated with stylish furniture and art decorating the walls. He led her to the imaginary line separating living room and kitchen and dropped his supporting arm behind her back. She was suddenly colder, suddenly missing a touch she didn't know existed a handful of minutes ago.

He stood before her. A confident, cool smile spread out on his lips. "Can I take your coat?" He asked. More like growled, it was so husky. Then she realized he was just as turned on by the sight of her as she was by him, when he chuckled she also knew he was teasing.

She figured two could play that game. She put on a brave expression, an expression which didn't give away that she was melting in her fishnets, and turned square to face him. "Actually I'm still a little cold," she said with a smile, "I'd like to keep it a while."

He smiled too. "Fair enough," he said as he walked to the fireplace in the far left corner of the room and flipped a switch that lit the wood in it on fire. On his way back across the living room to the kitchen he asked "can I get you something to drink?" And began pulling out glasses prior to getting an answer. "I take it you're a wine kind of girl?"

She took a seat on a barstool at the bar which separated the kitchen from the living room. She wasn't going to make it easy for him either. She'd wait this out and play his game. She was spurred on by the fact that she saw he was as turned on as she was, and though she felt like a small school girl staring at an adonis, she swore she'd hold her own. This night was for me too, she thought, and she wanted it to last. "Not really. Put a beer in my hand and I'm at home. But wine will work."

That seemed to intrigue the intriguing stranger. He lifted a brow as he said "Coming right up" and abandoned the glasses to bend down and open the fridge to pull out two cold beers. "Just need to find the bottle opener." He began to search through drawers as she silently went around the bar to the beer bottles and opened them up. She knew the brand.

"Twist off" she said when he turned around in surprise. Finally the facade he'd been wearing since he opened the door had melted a little. He was just as nervous as she was, she thought to herself. She grabbed her bottle and went back to her seat on the other side of the bar counter.

They turned up their bottles hoping for some liquid courage. After a decent gulp he leaned against the counter, facing her. "You don't seem like the type of person to usually do something like this. I mean, I'm not either. This is a first for me. I'd heard so many horror stories. I can definitely say I'm pleasantly surprised."

"Me too," she admitted. "So what made you do this?"

"Honestly? I was on the website looking for potential leads for landscaping. The personals caught my eye and I thought I'd just have a laugh at the desperation in the ads, but then I saw yours and figured why not. And it's been...awhile."

There was something unspoken in the last statement, and she was good at reading people. She was a therapist after all. Tentatively she asked "when did it end?"

He looked at her, snorted, and said "Is it that obvious?" He took a swig of beer and she feared maybe she'd stepped over a line for a casual encounter such as this, but here they were. "Seven months. It's just been me and him since she decided she wasn't ready to settle down and had more of the world to see."

"Me and hi...?"

"I have a son who's the love of my life," he interrupted. "He's six and a handful, but I love him. Anyway he's with his grandparents and I've got the night off for tonight. It seemed as good a time as any to get out some" he looked at her and smiled "frustrations. And casual is right up my alley right now. He's still recovering from losing his mom. So when I saw your ad a week ago I thought, what the hell. And here we are."

"Here we are," Rose said and lifted her beer bottle. He laughed and clinked glasses with her.

"How about you?" He asked, "what's your pathetic sob story?"

She laughed, amazed she could at the current topic. "Three months for me. We might not have as much to show for it like you do, but we left on bad terms." She pushed through it "He was cheating on me for many months. I found out when he left his burn phone at home and I saw all the texts. When I confronted him he blamed me. He said I was frigid and predictable and he was unhappy and I lead him to it, and..."

"...and here you are in a stranger's house half naked drinking a beer. That's pretty hard to believe. Maybe you didn't have the right inspiration." He said as he went around the bar to where she sat on the stool. He swiveled her to face him.

"Thanks for saying that." She was saying as he bent down to kiss her lips. It was soft and sweet and comfortable. And short, too short. She wanted more.

"No problem." He said, and held out his hand. "Let me give you a tour."

She stood without taking his hand. "Sounds fun, but I'd like to remove the coat. It's getting pretty warm." She saw that brow raise slightly and a smile creep over his lips. She unbuttoned the top button and noticed his expression get hungrier as she continued. Finally the coat was open and she stood there in all her glory. She watched his eyes as they drank in her long beautiful neck, her perky breasts with nipples hardened from anticipation, her small stomach, and she watched them settle on the space between her legs, hidden by her stockings. She let the coat fall from her shoulders and drop to the floor. His gaze was still on her core. She wondered if he could see the wetness there on her thigh.

She started as if she was going to take off the fishnets, but before she could, he finally seemed to come to and let out a husky "No. Those stay on. Come with me."

He held her hand then and led her through the house. He stopped at each room, determined to give that tour, and determined to maintain control. She noticed every time he caught sight of her body, of her long legs in the fishnets and heels, and how each time it took him just a little longer to get back on task and look away. She also noticed the sizeable bulge that appeared in his pants and seemed to get tighter and tighter as they played this waiting game.

After she'd seen his den with his racing memorabilia, his office and heard about his landscaping business, his son's room and his race car bed, even his bathroom and jacuzzi tub they'd arrived at his room thoroughly frustrated. The entire time he talked as if he had it together but when they got to his room and opened the door he said nothing more. He pulled her through, shut the door, and attacked her mouth with fervor. He pressed his long, lean body against her like he wanted to fuck her every pore right then and there. They kissed with purpose as his rough hands caressed her soft unknown skin like it was his. She slipped her heels off and he picked her up with ease, leading her to the bed, kissing all the way.

When they arrived at the bed he set her down with ease. She had a moment to gather some thoughts while he fumbled with the light next to the bed. This was nothing she'd ever experienced before. Every touch from him was electric. Every glance left her wanting more. And she just had to see what was hiding in those pants.

She busied her hands caressing the bulge as he found the light switch. He was standing at the head of the bed and had a look like a wild animal. She didn't know if he planned on fucking her or eating her alive, and in that moment she didn't care. She stood up on her knees and their mouths found one another once again. Her hungry hands began to pull that damned white t-shirt off his body as his hands began to fondle lower. He found her before she was able and he began teasing her with his hands, waving his fingers there as if he was bidding her to come closer. She gasped at the feel of him there. As he pressed there she realized just how wet she was since his fingers were causing the drenched fabric to press against her. She moaned and began to tug again at his shirt. He stopped his teasing just long enough to allow the t-shirt to be slipped over his head. When he was free she left his mouth to take in the broad shoulders and muscular chest before her. He seemed to notice her need to look and slowed his fingers at her core so she could take him in. He was beautiful, tight everything. She found herself wanting to taste more of him. So she did and dropped their passionate kissing to do just that.

She took the hiatus as an opportunity to taste and feel the warm exposed skin. She went lower tasting, touching, licking, kissing, hoping she was turning him on as much as he was her. Then she found herself at the buckle of his pants. She stopped as she realized she'd never felt the way she felt in that moment and never wanted anything more in her life. She fumbled with the pants, clumsily. As she was getting frustrated, he stepped back to cup her face and give her a small kiss. When he raised again, he comfortably unbuttoned his shorts and let them fall. Mesmerized, she found her way to the edge of the bed and took in the show. He smiled down at her, and she found the courage to still her pulse and slowly take down his briefs.

When she was done what she saw made her mouth water. He was there hard and ready for her. It was something toward the end her boyfriend swore he couldn't accomplish. Because she was too boring and predictable, and here was this adonis with a large rock hard cock dripping pre-cum and absolutely pulsing with need.

She wanted to show this stranger her appreciation. She looked at him and smiled and saw the hunger there in his expression. She wouldn't keep him waiting. She scooted forward and licked the head of his cock, tasting the pre-cum there. As she did his cock responded to her and pulsed, and he responded with a guttural sound like a suffering animal. She licked more but soon had to take him in her mouth and she did, slowly, sucking on the head of his cock, then licking all down the shaft. She knew he probably thought she was teasing or being sexy but she was readying him for something better. She wanted to take him all on her mouth and he'd need to be lubed for that. She watched his eyes roll as she licked him like the sweetest cream, until he was glistening with her spit. She took him in her mouth suddenly and with purpose. She used her hands and worked them up and down his shaft in synch with her mouth. He moaned his approval and dug his fingers through her hair, holding his hand there lightly as she worked her magic.

"You have to stop," he forced out of his mouth while stepping backward and taking himself out of her mouth. "I want to be inside you."

She obliged and sat back more on the bed. This guy wants me. She thought. That turned her on even more than she thought possible. When he dropped to his knees to get better leverage in taking down her fishnets, she was sure he could see just how much he'd turned her on. She was drenched, and after having him in her mouth, the bed under where she sat was drenched too. He noticed the wetness at the bed when she had to lay back to get the stockings over her ass and down her long legs. He smiled at her laying back like that, and before she knew it he was opening her legs and tasting her there. He found her little button with ease and focused his tongue directly there or around it tasting slowly and softly. It was too much for her and she exploded soon after he started. She thought he'd be done and he'd lift up and he'd finally be inside her, but to her surprise he kept going. He was still tasting her and now introduced a finger to the outside of her pussy teasing her there. Her body buckled uncontrollably at the attention he gave there. When he finally put a finger inside she exploded again, but again he kept going. Her hands found his hair and held on in hopes she wouldn't melt right the hell through the bed right then in there. When he made her peak again she pushed him away slightly. She could take no more. She needed him inside her.

The push was all he needed. He rose up, wiped his mouth, and twisted her around on the bed in one fell swoop. He was on top of her then. She realized her eyes were closed as she hadn't felt anything since he'd straightened her on his bed. Slowly she opened one eye, then the other, and noticed he was drinking her all in. Just staring. She had never felt more beautiful.

"You're all woman" he said then, and kissed her lips. He kissed down her neck and took a soft, hardened nipple in his mouth to soothe some of the heat between her legs. He was once again gentle, lightly sucking and licking like she was delicate and precious and he a momentary appreciative visitor experiencing something exquisite and beautiful. He took her other nipple as well as he began to position himself between her and spread her legs. His lips once again found her mouth and suddenly he was inside her, filling her up.

"My god" he said "you feel amazing...you're so wet and tight my god..." He trailed off as he began to get lost inside of her and this absolutely thrilled Rose. All those times she was made to feel she wasn't good enough were lost on her in this moment as her body quaked and met each of his strides opening herself up so he could go as deep as he liked. And deep he went. With each stroke he hit her to her core, and if she weren't so turned on she'd probably be in pain, but she was wild with a fire that made her open wider instead of pulling back. They rose and fell and kissed and grabbed and stroked until they were both sick with passion. Each time he hit her core she felt she was closer and closer to exploding, and she felt his big member throb inside her ready to spill as well.

"Wait!" he grunted out " you have to stop because I can't. I'm going to cum and we didn't...no condom."

"It's ok," She said "I'm on the pill" and squeezed her tight pussy around his throbbing cock to coax him closer and closer to the edge.

His nails dug deep into her shoulders as he thrust harder and deeper than ever. "Oh fuck girl" he said as his cock first tightened then throbbed out cum deep inside her, and as she felt herself being filled she felt her body tighten and quake as well. They came together then, frozen in time for several blissful moments.

When she regained her senses she realized this beautiful stranger had fallen asleep on top of her and inside her. A small, satisfied smile began to spread over her lips as she slowly untangled herself from her beautiful adonis. Frigid? Predictable? Not likely. She thought to herself as she slid slowly out of the stranger's bed, hoping there was a way she could let herself out without waking him. Reaching the edge of the bed she let one foot slowly search for the floor and her fishnets when the stranger suddenly reached out and grabbed on to her wrist.
