 I knock on her door. As I look down, I notice the door bell and yet still can't seem to put two and two together. Before I can redeem myself of common sense the door opens...suddenly I can't remember my name. Where am I? What am I doing? Am I wearing underwear? No, no...I never wear underwear. 

There standing before me was by far the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. Somehow I was able to look her body up and down, every inch, without moving my head. She was absolutely gorgeous. 

Her smile alone could've kept me up for the rest of my life, her soft, thick, pink lips gently pressed together on one side, allowing space just enough to see her perfect white teeth. Her piercing blue eyes left a calm over me, a calmness that allowed me to notice how her beautiful brown hair seemed to gently brush back and forth on her shoulder, as if there was a breeze coming from somewhere in the house. As I looked at the way her body was just one beautiful curve after another some sounds became to come from my mouth, 

"Hello." What the hell was that? Hello? Well, go with it now...

"Hi" she said. Oh, she said hi...that was a beautiful hi.

I had to stop staring at the way the strap on her tight black dress seemed to slide of her shoulder without a single movement of her body, as if the strap wasn't worthy to grace her soft, tanned skin. What the hell comes after hello?

"I'm really glad you came, I'll admit I was a little nervous you might not show," she said.

Ha! Oh, thank god...that was only in my head.

"I'm glad I came too...and don't worry, I'm a little nervous also." The remark leads her to smile again, allowing a sweet laugh to leave her mouth.

"Well, come in." 

I walk in following her every step, can't help but noticing the way her ass moves gently from side to side with her steps. She begins to walk upstairs. I guess hello was enough. As we begin to walk in to her room she tells me that she forgot she needed to run to the store. I'm thinking it's over.

"Can we go run to the store real quick, it will be just for a second...I'll make it worth your time."

We go downstairs and out the front door. I walk in front of her, sadly now I can't see the great view, and open the door of my car for her to get in.

"Thank you," she says, as her long, smooth legs turn into the car. I run around the front of the car, quick to get inside.

Before we begin to move I can't help but see how that strap continues to fall, and as she places it back on her shoulders, she turns to show me again that beautiful smile, and those blue eyes, the right of which is covered by the fall of a few strands of her silky hair.

I begin to drive, following her directions. We begin to chat a bit, discussing the conversations we had over the phone for the past few days.

"Ready?"

I'm confused. "I'm sorry?" 

It is then that she begins to reach over to my side, unzipping my pants. She undoes my belt and button, then begins to fumble with my boxers. I lift up to help loosen my pants down. She reaches to grab my now aroused, semi-erect dick. She begins to slowly stroke my cock up and down with her soft hands. She bends down and I feel her soft lips touch the head of my cock. She begins to trace the head with her tongue, then slowly moves her tongue up and down my shaft, every so often returning to trace the head. She looks up at me, those eyes again a pure delight. She continues to stare deeply at me as she takes the head of my cock into her mouth, and begins to slowly move up and down. She now has half of my seven inch cock in her warm mouth. She moves up and down...up and down...stopping only to lick up my hard shaft all around. 

She starts to stroke my wet cock, taking my balls in her mouth and tossing them up and down one by one with her tongue. I take my right hand off the wheel, noticing how her dress has hiked up around her curved hips, allowing me to slip my hand around her ass and into her black and pink lace panties. 

I begin to caress the soft lips of pussy, gently moving my index and middle finger back and forth until I hear...and feel a soft moan from her mouth. I allow my fingers to slip in between her lips, each finger getting wetter and wetter with every slip. My finger movements begin to match the movement of her mouth up and down my cock. 

At this point, I have no idea where I am on the road and begin to turn off into a vacant parking lot. As her moans begin to get louder as my fingers begin to go deeper, I stop the car in a dark corner of the lot. She lifts her head up to glance at where we are, her eyes again meet with mine. I remove my hand from her panties and tell her to move to the back seat. She crawls over the armrest, allowing me to smell the beautiful aroma of her perfume and wet pussy. She lies down across the seat; I crawl over, reaching over to hit a button that will recline the back seats all the way. 

"Whoo!" She falls back and begins to laugh softly about her clumsiness; "thanks for the warning."

The moonlight shines through the windows to reveal again that beautiful smile...I want her more than ever. I push her further down the seats and begin to push her dress up her soft stomach. I slowly kiss down her stomach, letting my fingers linger under her dress and onto her supple breasts. I begin to caress and pinch her firm nipples with my hands as I continue my kisses down to her waist. I remove my left hand and begin to slowly slide her panties down her smooth, long, silky legs. I toss her panties somewhere in the car and begin to immediately draw my attention to her beautiful pussy. 

There was just enough light for me to see her absolute beauty. I begin to kiss around her soft lips, allowing the exhales from my nose to tickle her clitoris. I gently let my tongue move around her lips back and forth. Her sweet, wet cunt becomes my only passion. Sliding in and out of her vagina with just the tip of my tongue, I move my hand up to her mouth and let my fingers rest on her bottom lip. 

She begins to suck on my fingers and moan as I change between soft kisses and licks on her pussy. I take my free hand and begin to slowly insert my finger into her vagina. With a sigh of pleasure from her, I begin to move my finger in little circles within her vagina, pushing up towards her g-spot, putting more pressure with my licks on her clitoris. I can taste the juices that exude from her...sweetness and the smell of lavender. 

I begin to swirl my tongue faster and slower, faster and slower on her clitoris and lips as my finger movements begin to speed up inside of her. Her moaning starts to increase. With each of my changes from fast to slow, her moans begin to get louder and increase in speed. She sucks harder onto my fingers. I can feel the vibrations in her mouth from her moaning. Her tongue slides around my fingers as I continue the slide of my tongue around her, my finger now deep inside of her. 

I begin to feel a rush of juices flow onto my lips and into my mouth as her moaning peaks. Her teeth begin to clench onto my fingers in her mouth, as I continue the movements of my mouth on her, slowly making my way up her waist...

My lips are wet from her juices as I slowly and softly kiss up her stomach, blowing softly and ending just underneath each of her beautiful breasts; her hands lift my face so are eyes meet again. She begins to sit up and I began to remove my pants, struggling with my shoes. She sits with her back against the door, knees next to her chest as she teases her finger in her mouth; a quirky, anxious smile on her face. She moves at me quickly, ripping off my shirt; I hear the fabric tear. 

Were both hot, as our bodies our dripping with sweat and fluids...our breaths, deep and heavy. She pulls what's left of her dress above her head. I begin to softly kiss and suck on her neck as she still fumbles with her dress. She grabs my neck and begins to push my head onto her chest. I begin to tickle her velvety skin with my tongue, gently biting her right nipple as she begins to breathe heavier and heavier. 

With a quick movement, she swings her left leg over my lap and begins to straddle my chest. She sits up on her knees as I grab her hips and pull her closer to the head of my cock. She puts her hand onto my stomach, letting her pussy lips rub over the head of my cock. I can feel her wet pussy as she slowly lowers herself onto my cock. I feel her lips grabbing onto my cock, the tightness of her pulling the shaft of my cock deep into her body. With a high pitched moan from her, I can feel I'm all the way in and the warmth from her rushes throughout my body. 

She looks up as if waiting for word from the heavens as her vagina begins to adapt to the new fullness from my cock. I begin to push into her, letting myself fall ever so slightly, the head of my cock moving through her. She looks back down at me, a soft glaze in her eyes as she returns her hands onto my chest and begins to slowly move up and down on my shaft. 

I can feel her tight lips gliding up and down my cock as soft as velvet. Her wetness and my precum mix together creating a lube for the ride, as her movements become quicker. I look down to see my cock sliding in and out of this beautiful woman, her whole body, absolute perfection of art. I sit up more and she throws her arms around my neck. We move into a full long kiss, our tongues meeting together in between her soft lips. I bite on her lower lip as she lifts her ass up and in, allowing the head of my cock to pop between her lips as she lowers herself back down. Our bodies, completely relaxed and full of pleasure rest on top of each other. 

I rest my head on her shoulder, her arms to wrapped around my neck tightly as I use my right arm to grasp her waist tight, helping her slide up and down. My left hand rests on her hips as I use my thumb to rub her clit. I bring my hand up, we both have a taste before I bring it back down and begin to push onto her clit. With my right arm I pull her up and away, getting my cock to push up against her g-spot. 

I lean back a little, letting the pressure push against her side. She begins to grind harder, letting her hands run through my hair and the hot air from her breath blow against my ear. I feel her vagina begin to pulse and get tighter, the pressure sounds shivers up through my body. Up and down, up and down, I feel her tighten. I feel the release of her as she sinks down deep onto my cock. Her moans give me the signal as I begin to feel my cock pulsate...my cum mixing with hers in a flood that leaves us both swept away. I grab her tight, our wet bodies come together. I meet her in long hard kiss, our eyes meeting together when we open. I let my hand rest on the small of her back as my other rests on her shoulder. 

We lay back together, our breaths still long and deep. I hold her tight, brushing those few strands of her hair away from her eyes. She begins to show me that beautiful smile; then I can see her gently biting her bottom lip. I hold her as we meet in a soft kiss...absolutely perfect.