 Brief Backstory: The setting is Middle America in the late 1970's and Lute (The Root), our hero, is a well-hung 18-year-old who has just finished high school and is vacationing with his family at their lake house. As a lead-in to this story, check out "Root and Barbara's Surprise Guest". And per usual, this is a work of fiction and all characters are consenting adults.

*****

After Barbara and Bridget left, Lute was still staying at the lake for another week before he had to go home and get ready for his first semester of college. Bummed at the departure of his two lovers, but also somewhat relieved, unsure as he was about what had happened between them, and how he and his sister Bridget would manage staying away from each other. So Lute hoped to find something, or someone, to keep him entertained for his last week at the lake. And luckily he didn't have to wait long.

Barbara and Bridget left on Sunday, and Lute spent the rest of that day boating and skiing with his cousins and trying to keep his mind and body occupied. The following morning he got up early and went out for a run on a road around the lake. As he jogged along, he approached a woman walking her dog. From a distance, the woman looked familiar. And as he got closer, he saw that it was Sandy, the mother of Cassie, one of his previous summer flings. Lute had spent some time with Cassie and her mom the summer before while he and Cassie were engaged in a hot two-week romance. The two had met at a lake party, had a fun evening on the beach, and were soon scouting every possible chance to be alone together, and preferably naked. 

Most of his "alone time" opportunities with Cassie that summer happened at her family's lake house. Cassie's dad worked in the city and only came out to the lake for occasional weekends. And her mom was an art professor at a private college upstate, so she stayed at the lake all summer, painting in her spacious studio on the top floor of their house. 

When Cassie and Lute would hook up at her place, he was surprised by how little concern she showed about their possibly being interrupted by her mom. They would get nasty and lie naked for hours in Cassie's room. And her mom never once bothered them. She was friendly, but mostly just went about her work in her studio. Cassie and Lute would sometimes join her for meals, and Lute really liked Sandy's company and thought she was a nice and hot older lady, but that's as far as it went. 

When Lute asked Cassie what was going on, and if her mom wasn't bothered by what they were doing, Cassie just laughed, "Oh, no way. My mom's got her own thing going with Jake from the Marina Bar, so she's not gonna' hassle us. She knows I know about Jake, so we're free and clear to do whatever!"

Like her daughter, Sandy was tall and fit. Lute figured her to be about his mom's age—early to mid-forties. Both Sandy and Cassie had a great set of tits and a tight ass that were perfectly proportioned to their bodies. But while Cassie had wavy shoulder-length blonde hair, Sandy wore her dishwater blonde hair cut short.

As he approached her on the narrow, Lute saw that Sandy had also recognized him and had broken into a big smile. It was great to see her and he stopped to talk and catch up. Cassie, he learned, had a steady boyfriend and they'd be coming to the lake the next week. And Sandy was hard at work in her studio, preparing for a big gallery show in the fall. 

As they were about to part, Sandy asked if he'd do her a favor. The old window air conditioner in her studio had died and she needed help taking it out, and also getting the new one up two flights of stairs and installed in the window. Lute was glad to help, and also interested in having some more time alone with her, so he agreed to stop by on the way back from his run. 

It was a humid summer morning, so Lute was already pretty sweaty when he knocked on Sandy's door. And after carrying a 75 pound air conditioner from her Volvo station wagon up to her third floor studio, and then carrying the old one down to the garage, he was completely soaked. 

As he was finishing up installing the new AC unit, Sandy went downstairs to fix them some cold drinks, and she soon returned with two tall Long Island iced teas. Hot as he was, Lute took a long swallow of his drink before he discovered its potency. Sandy hadn't skimped on any of the alcohol, so it was a strong refreshment that one should drink slowly. But Sandy was about as hot as Lute, so they each polished of their drinks in short order, gaining a nice buzz in the process.

"I think we'll need another one of these," Sandy laughed as she held up her empty glass. Heading toward the stairs she called over her shoulder, "Meet me down on the front porch!"

Lute soon finished the last of the AC work and turned it on to cool off just a bit before he headed down to join Sandy. But as he walked down the stairs he realized he was pretty woozy from the drink. Suspecting Sandy was in the same condition, he had greedy thoughts that some interesting times might lie ahead. 

Sandy was already settled into a cushioned love seat on their screened porch. She patted the spot next to her for Lute to sit and handed him another cold drink, just as strong as the first. 

The two talked and drank and laughed and were having a good time together. Lute had forgotten how funny and smart Sandy was, in addition to being really sexy. He realized he had been so intent on banging Cassie last summer that he hadn't fully appreciated her cool mom. 

Sandy was wearing a paint-splattered college t-shirt and a pair of short cut-off jeans that accentuated her long slim legs. She was a fine specimen of middle-age beauty and Lute loved being close to her.

As the drinks inspired more animated talking and laughing, they moved closer together on the love seat. And it wasn't long before Sandy was slowly stroking Lute's bare thigh as they talked. As her hand gradually moved up and onto the bottom of his running shorts, she discovered the growing python that was now stretching down his thigh. This new development apparently didn't faze her, because she only hesitated momentarily in their conversation to glance down at his growing bulge, and then continued talking while she slowly explored his expanding cock with her inquisitive hand.

"Cassie really enjoyed her time with you last summer," she said in an offhanded way. "And I think you may have spoiled her a bit, if you know what I mean." And as she said this, she squeezed a bit on his blossoming cock shaft. 

"She didn't say anything to me about it, but I overheard her talking to one of her girlfriends on the phone. And she told her how sore she was and how much you had stretched her out with your big cock. And also how she didn't know if she could now ever be happy with a guy with a normal sized prick. But she seems pretty happy with Brian, so either she was exaggerating, or he's got a nice package too." 

As she continued, she began to nuzzle Lute's neck and whisper into his ear. "But this package you've got here, well, it feels like something extraordinary. And I love all things extraordinary. So would you mind if I got a closer look?" 

Lute really liked where this was going, so he turned his face to meet Sandy's and locked her in a long wet kiss after saying, "I'd love for you to get a closer look."

Sandy needed no additional encouragement. She grabbed the waistband of his running shorts and pulled them down, releasing his throbbing beast. 

"Oh, it's beautiful!" she squealed with delight as she examined his cock, beaming a huge smile. "It's the biggest and thickest cock I've ever seen! No wonder Cassie was so sore! This thing's a monster! Now I'll need to get a closer look, you know. Just to be sure it's real!" 

So Sandy knelt on the floor before him and slipped his shorts the rest of the way off. She then grabbed his beast and began to stroke it with both hands, still gazing on in wonder. 

And it wasn't long before she had her mouth stretched wide over the bulbous knob of Lute's arched avenger, sucking on it with true academic curiosity. 

"Yes, it's definitely real. I can confirm that without equivocation. This bruiser is the real deal. Ab-so-lutely! But researchers will want to know how it performs under pressure, you know," she said with a sly smile, "does it get going when the going gets tough. That sorta' thing. Your basic controlled lab experiment. May I continue?"

"God yes, please proceed!" he urged. 

So Sandy resumed her cock sucking and gradually increased the ferocity of her mouth's work on his thick member. She deep throated him till she gagged, she attacked his pecker's shaft like a ravenous whore, and she sucked on his bulging balls until he almost screamed because it felt so good! 

She had soon stripped off her t-shirt and bra to reveal a pair of tits that were, as he expected, the equal of her daughter's. But Sandy's were larger and had slightly more of a sexy droop to them. Her areolas were big and light brown and her nipples were dark pert protrusions. Her tits were like cantaloupes hanging there on her chest - absolute beauties. Lute looked forward to a closer inspection. 

While he looked down and admired her lovely breasts, Sandy continued her masterful blowjob, a skill she had obviously spent some time developing and was demonstrating it proudly. 

"You know," she told him between slurps on his cock, "I'm gonna' have to measure your liquid ejaculation capacity. I expect it will be sizable and there's a chance I'll drown, but my research would be incomplete without it. I hope you don't mind." 

"Oh...no," he answered enthusiastically, "I don't mind at all. And it may happen sooner than expected!" Because Sandy now had both hands wrapped around his slick meat stick and was working them in tandem up and down and around his shaft while she continued sucking and throating his cock with her luscious mouth. As she did, he lifted up his hips and ass from the loveseat to further drive his tool into her mouth, and she welcomed each thrust. Lute was getting a master-class blow job!

"Oh, baby, I'm gonna' cum! I'm gonna' CUM!" he groaned as she brought him to a climax. "Here it is! Here it is! Oh, Jesus!" 

And as he moaned, he drove his cock deeper into her mouth and began gushing in a huge load of hot semen that soon overflowed her oral cavity, welling up and pouring out of her mouth like a freshly uncorked bottle of champagne. She was gulping as best she could, but his monstrous load was too much for her to contain. So her face was soon painted with a coating of milky jism that dripped off her chin, like ice cream on a hot day.

"Holy fuck!" She gurgled and gasped as she tried to swallow as much as she could.

But Lute wasn't quite done yet, because, after a brief pause, there came an aftershock of seismic spew that surprised them both. Sandy had briefly removed her mouth from his cock, so she was sucker punched when his next gush of ejaculate erupted and shot her square in the face.

"Whoa! Whoa!" she cried, as she tried to get her mouth over his gushing fire hose to catch this last offering of hot seed. But it was too late and her face and neck were soon covered in cream that dripped down and onto her lovely tits. 

"Sweet Jesus! You're amazing! Simply amazing!" she said with admiration as she resumed sucking his cock and choking down the remnants of his nut juice that still puddled in her mouth. 

"And you're an incredible cocksucker!" Lute whispered down as she gazed up at him, dazed and slightly overwhelmed by the quantity of ejaculate she was still struggling to slug back. "That was fantastic!"

And when she finally came up for air, Sandy removed one hand from his cock, reached for her drink and took a long swallow, draining it as she said, "Well, that confirms it. This is an absolute Grade A, blue ribbon cock specimen you've got here. It passed all of my initial examinations and surpassed all expectations. I do have a few more tests to conduct, but we can resume those after a shower, and maybe a nap." 

Sandy wiped his cum off of her face with her wadded up t-shirt, and then stood up, albeit a bit unsteadily. "C'mon, big man," she cooed to Lute as she extended a hand, "Let's hit the shower."

Lute walked behind Sandy as she led him upstairs, admiring her shapely ass all the way. Though he was primarily a breast man, a fine well-rounded ass is also something Lute adored on a woman. And since at that time he was beginning to really enjoy anal sex and loved driving his thick tool up a woman's rear chute, Sandy's ass proved especially alluring. 

The two soon reached the upstairs bathroom, and the cool water of the shower felt great on their hot sticky skin as they soaped and caressed one another and had long and deep kisses.

They finally shut off the water and stepped dripping out of the shower. And once they'd toweled each other dry, they moved to her bedroom, where they embraced as they dropped heavily onto her bed. Lute was dozing in no time, and presumed Sandy was too. But about an hour later he awakened to the scratching sound of pencil on paper. And looking over, he saw Sandy sitting naked on a chair next to the bed, with a drawing tablet on her lap and a pencil in her hand. She was inspecting him intently as she drew. 

"Hi, lover" she whispered, "I hope I didn't wake you. I just couldn't pass up the chance to have you model for me. Now hold that pose, I'm just about done." 

So, curious about what she was up to, Lute resumed his sleeping position as Sandy finished her drawing. 

"Here!" she said when she flipped around her tablet a few minutes later, "What do you think? Did I capture your essence?"

Her drawing was really well done. It showed a young guy stretched out on a bed with an impressively sized cock draped languidly across his thigh. The model's faced was turned away, but there was no doubt it was Lute.

"Wow, that's great!" he said. "I love it!" 

"Me, too!" she replied as she leaned forward to kiss him. "It's one of my better nude studies. I must have been inspired. I wonder why that is?"

She then tossed her tablet on the floor and crawled on the bed to join him. As she snuggled up she whispered, "Mind if I draw you in one more pose before I let you fuck my brains out? It won't take but about ten minutes or so...just something to remember you by. Okay?"

"Sure!" Lute said. He'd never modeled before and found it kind of sexy, especially with Sandy as the artist. 

"Great!" she replied, "But I need you to be hard for this next one. So let me help." She moved her face down to his flaccid cock and took it into her mouth again, sucking it slowly and gently at first, and then with increased vigor. In no time, thanks to Sandy's oral expertise, his cock was on its way to full mast.

"Now keep stroking that for me, baby. Think about how good it's gonna' feel when you plow that hunk into my sweet pussy," Sandy whispered as she grabbed her drawing pad and moved into position. 

For this drawing, Sandy moved her chair next to the head of the bed and drew him as if she was looking over his shoulder. She captured him from behind, with his head facing forward and his cock extended to its full ten inches as he stroked it in his hand. 

Using verbal enticements, Sandy kept Lute aroused as she rendered him on paper. "Oh, baby, this is so hot. So fucking hot! Look how big your dick is! It's got it's own life support system, that thing! And just think what it's gonna' look like when you drive it up my gushing cunt! Can you imagine? I'm just sorry I can't draw you and fuck you at the same time. That would be my dream!" 

Sandy kept this going as she quickly and skillfully continued drawing. And thanks to her encouraging words, Lute stayed hard for a good ten minutes. But at last she tossed down the tablet, "That's perfect, baby, just perfect!" She said as she crawled back onto the bed. "Now, let's do some performance art! I want you to fuck me with that big cock, 'cause I'm dripping wet for you!"

Sandy's pussy was indeed soaked and her light colored thatch of cunt hair was matted with her juices. So when she sat on top of Lute and positioned herself over his erect phallus, she was able to slip slowly down onto his meat, gasping with each inch, until she was almost fully impaled on his throbbing rod.

"Oh, fuck me naked! You're huge in me. Just fucking huge!" She cried as she settled more deeply onto his cock. "It's just so...BIG!"

After a series of slow and gentle introductory moves on his member, Sandy was soon bouncing on him like he was a trampoline. Her tits were manically flopping up and down as Lute grabbed her ass, helping her pound her gaping cunt onto his gorged organ. 

Sandy began rubbing her fingers over her clit and soon was groaning and screaming in a climax that seemed to be the Sandy's equivalent to the one Lute had experienced not long before on her front porch. 

"OH, FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" Sandy screamed as she bounced even harder. Oh, god, that's so good! SO GOOD! You're cock is the best! The absolute biggest and best! I've never been fucked like this before. Never! Never ever!"

After Sandy's orgasm subsided, Lute kept his cock insider her as he swung her over onto her back. She smiled in anticipation of what was coming, and spread her legs far apart, giving him full access to her gaping twat.

"Oh, yes. Now pound me, big man." Sandy cooed. "Fuck me!" 

And he did. Lute positioned himself securely on the bed, wrapped his thighs around her legs and began driving his cock into her soaked cunt with ferocious slaps.

"Umph, umph, umph!" he grunted as he thrust myself into her, his balls slapping into her ass and sending drops of their sweat sailing onto the bed sheets.

Lute continued banging this lovely mama with everything He had. And more than once as he looked down on Sandy and met her gaze, he had flashbacks on fucking Cassie the summer before. Cassie and Sandy wore a similar look on their faces as they got their cunts pounded by his big meat. It was an expression that said something like, "I love this because I'm probably never again gonna' fuck a cock this big," and also "Anyone who gets to bang my sweet pussy is one lucky guy." And both were true. 

"Ooooh, baby, baby!" Lute was soon panting, "I'm gonna' CUM!" 

And amazingly, considering the amount of semen he had only recently shot into her mouth, he soon grunted long and low and began releasing another sizeable load of spew into Sandy that overflowed and oozed out of her cunt and dripped onto the bed. 

"That's it, lover, fill me up, fill me up again!" Sandy coaxed as his warm seed continued pouring into her love tunnel. "Fill up my pussy, baby, fill me up! You fuck me so good! You're so big and good! C'mon baby! Fill me up!"

Sandy and Lute both looked down and watched as his cock gave its final thrusts into her pussy and a river of cum began to gush from her soaked gash. It was a sexy and compelling sight to behold, and watching their bodies mesh together mesmerized them both. Her pussy lips were red and swollen, and his cum seemed almost like a salve as it washed over them. Lute's gorged and glistening member was slowly moving in and out of her stretched pussy, slithering like a python in the throat of some hairy jungle beast. 

Sandy broke the spell when she leaned up and kissed him, long and slow. Lute ran his tongue into her mouth and she sucked on it passionately. And then he collapsed beside her as they nuzzled and laughed on the bed, their legs still intertwined.

Sandy and Lute stayed in that bed for most of the day, talking, drinking and fucking. And when he reluctantly left to join his family for dinner, they made a date to meet again on Wednesday. But it was a long two days for Lute, and his cock got hard every time he thought about Cassie's sexy mom. 
