 Rose smiled to herself. She had come a long way and she was proud of herself. She had lived a life full of hell and yet had still found the ability to be a strong woman. Two failed marriages, a string of failed relationships and losing all of her self esteem, yet here she was happy and smiling. Rose thought of Lee. She wasn't looking for another when he came into her life. It was unexpected, almost like fate had stepped in and said, "This is the one."

It had all began innocent enough. They had met when they bumped into each other at the grocery store. She had not been paying attention to what she was doing, her mind focused on shopping. She felt the sudden crash of the two carts hitting. "Oh, I am so sorry," Rose said to the handsome stranger. He laughed as he ran his hand along his short brown hair. 

"It's ok, I wasn't paying attention myself," he told her. Her pulse quickened, her breathing quickened. 

"Do I know you, you look familiar," Rose asked the stranger. 

"I don't know, you look familiar too," he said with a confused look on his face. The two stood there just staring at each other trying to figure out where they had met before.

The two carts pulled apart as Rose tried not to stare at this handsome rogue. "This is odd, your voice, even that is familiar," Rose responded. 

"Yours too," the man smiled, "I know this is a bit forward, but could I have your number and maybe we can talk sometime?" Rose flushed. He wanted her number? This gorgeous specimen of a man wanted to talk to her? 

"I would love that," she almost purred. 

"My name is Lee," the man told her. 

"Rose," she whispered back. They had exchanged numbers and went their separate ways.

Even thinking of that meeting made Rose's body quiver and ache for her love. He set her body on fire in a way no one else had ever before. He had gotten under her skin and she could not get him out of her mind!

It seemed like an eternity ago now since that first meeting. The two had opened up to each other about their lives, loves, and hopes. Lee had told Rose he was married, but had been planning to leave the marriage, it was beyond working things out. Rose cringed at the thought of opening up to a married man like this. Hadn't she learned her lesson before? What was wrong with her? She scolded herself for the thoughts she had been having of him. She resolved to herself this would be nothing more than a friendship and if he became single she would investigate the possibilities of what could be then.

She laughed at that thought. Her mind knew what it should do, but her heart was another story. Her heart had opened up and allowed Lee in without hesitation. Rose was scared because she didn't allow people in to her life like that. What was it with him that broke down the walls she had so carefully been building back up since leaving her ex husband? 

Lee walked into the bedroom and lay beside Rose on their bed. "Good morning beautiful," he said lovingly to her, "Been up long?" 

"Just a little while," she smiled at him as she kissed his rugged face. 

"Mm mm babe, what's that for?" he inquired. 

"That is because I love you my darling," Rose purred at him. 

Lee took Rose into his arms and kissed her again, more intensely. When their lips met she felt the heat, the fire, the intensity that had been their since the first day their mouths met. His tongue probed into her mouth finding her tongue and the two began a passionate dance. His kiss always melted her, made her feel his passion.

Lee kissed her hard, intent on his tongue conquering hers. She relinquished herself to him and allowed him to explore her wet mouth. He kissed her neck and nibbled on it gently. Rose moaned, her clit beginning to tingle and her pussy getting drenched. All he had to do was kiss her and her body surrendered to him.

Lee's hands trailed tenderly down her breasts. His touch was soft, like whispering kisses upon her skin. He caressed her nipples, kneading them with his thumb and forefinger. Rose whimpered slightly her body begging to be taken and used. His mouth covered hers again, the intensity and need abrupt. He bit her lower lip making her juices flow from her moist delicious hole.

Rose kissed him back just as hungrily, her tongue probing wantonly into his mouth, seeking out his. Her breath hot and raspy, her body shaking, she looked deep into his dark seductive eyes. "Make love to me now," she pleaded. Lee smiled at her and climbed on top of her.

Rose gasped as she felt his hard rigid cock enter her slit. His member was thick and powerful taking her breath every time he entered her. Her hot box ached and quivered yearning to feel him pulverizing her canyon. Lee's hand moved down to her love button and he began to rub it intensely as his cock began it's rhythmical dance inside her pussy.

Rose's hands caressed his sides as his sword pierced and probed her innermost depths. She ran her nails along his back with slight pressure making him moan and thrust harder. "Yes, Daddy," she gasped "Harder." Lee slammed his hard member deep into her wanton hole and began to pound her violently just like she needed. She moaned as her body shook from the hammering he was giving her. Her head was swimming, the pleasure heightening; she could feel her orgasm was close.

"Oh my god," Rose screamed as she climaxed, her hot juices flowing all over his rod. Lee continued to thrust his shaft deep into her tight, drenched honeypot. He knew that she would not be satisfied until she had came several times, soaking the bed and his throbbing cock. Each thrust kept throwing Rose over the edge until her orgasms were coming so fast her whole body began to convulse and twitch. Her clitoris spasming and her tight hole aching. 

She heard Lee moan as he peaked, his dick swelling and quivering within her. She felt the spurts as his jism filled her passion pit, and she once again crested in sweet delight. He collapsed onto her, his breathing labored. He lay there, still inside her, his cock still twitching as the remains of his ejaculate filled her hole. 

Lee rolled off of Rose and pulled her into his arms and close to his chest. He kissed her forehead gingerly. She felt so loved, so wanted, so needed.