 Author's Note: A somewhat brief reminiscence of fond days gone by, not to be taken too seriously. I've put it in Erotic Couplings since that's what seems to fit it best. It is a work of fiction and a willing suspension of disbelief is recommended. Unless you are one particular woman in the universe, in which case, I hope you'll forgive fudging certain facts. Voting and constructive comments are appreciated. 

*~*~*~*~* 

She was a somewhat homely girl, with a too long face and more than a few too many pounds, but she wasn't ugly, per se, and like the stereotypical cliché, she had a great personality. 

In fact, in my mind, she approached Goddess. You see, she's the one that fixed my Premature Ejaculation problem. Not cured... fixed. 

I met her freshman year of college, while I was working at the student-run LPB radio station. She was the roommate of a girl I was dating and the two of them would hang around the station late at night, after we shut down. I had maintenance to do before I could go back to the dorm, and they kept me company. 

I had been trying, unsuccessfully, to get in the pants of Mary... as in, "The Virgin"... and was getting more than a little frustrated. She was the product of a Catholic upbringing, including transitioning from a Catholic high school to a State University. The culture shock was becoming apparent. 

So was her irritation with me for being so "obsessed with sex." I suppose, truthfully, that I was. I mean, I was a nineteen year old male with an active imagination. The net result was that Mary suggested we take some time that Spring to date other people and not be so obsessed with each other. I think she really meant the sex. Or lack of it. 

Of course, she chose to tell me this at the worst possible time. For a horny guy like me, anyway. 

A friend of mine, a Junior who lived off-campus, had to leave for an extended weekend and wanted me to "trailer-sit" for him. For a Freshman tied to a males-only dorm room, complete with a Resident Advisor, aka Real Asshole, a weekend of trailer-sitting was like hitting the lottery... Heaven on Earth. The perfect opportunity to seduce my ersatz paramour. 

Mary chose to suggest dating others on the Wednesday before. And then informed me she was going home to see her parents that weekend. 

Just fucking lovely. 

So Thursday night I was at Papa C's, sucking on a bottomless cup of coffee, studying for a French test and bemoaning my outcast state. That's when Rose showed up. 

"Mind if I join you?" she asked, standing at the end of the booth. I just gestured for her to sit down. She slid in, pulled a book out of her Janis Joplin purse and gestured at the waitress. 

"Mary told me she broke it off with you," she told my silence. "Sorry." 

"Don't be," I told her. "We weren't going to be compatible, anyway." 

"Because she's a prude and you're a horndog," she agreed. That caught me by surprise. 

"What?" I rejoined with feigned indignity. "What are you talking about?" I hadn't planned on admitting to my level of sexual frustration. 

"Well, you two started out pretty good," she informed me. "Good intellectual match, sense of humor, political views... it didn't head south until sex showed up. Obviously, you were interested and she was scared. I don't think she has much experience." 

"Yeah, pretty much what I figured," I muttered with ill-concealed animosity. "But then, Mommy and Daddy brought her up to be a good little girl..." Add sarcasm as well. 

"Pretty much," she agreed. "But it does free you up to hit on the other girls hanging around the station." 

"Easier said than done, especially for me," I told her. "In case you haven't noticed, I am nowhere near as suave and sophisticated as I need to be around the 'in crowd'. Those girls are way out of my league." 

"I don't know that's necessarily true," she told me. "You seem every bit their equal. I mean, you're smart, erudite, funny when you want to be, and you're not horribly disfigured or anything." 

"Rose, I'm a tall, scrawny nerd who had the great good fortune to grow up on the North Shore, attend the best high school in the country, and rub elbows with the truly rich and powerful, because my middle class parents busted ass to give me the opportunity." 

"I grew up with the old money 'beautiful people', but I'm not part of them. I am basically very insecure around the opposite sex, with sufficiently embarrassing problems to keep me feeling awkward. I only started dating Mary because she was the one who approached me, at the station." 

"And now my prospects for Heaven on Earth this weekend are in the shitter and I'll likely spend it reading Trig and Biology textbooks." 

I had no idea why I was unloading all this on her, but for some reason, it seemed like the right thing to do at the time. I definitely needed to vent. 

"What prospects?" she asked. 

"My buddy Jim is going out of town this weekend and I'm trailer-sitting for him," I explained rather grumpily, staring into my coffee. "I intended to use the privacy to seduce Mary. That would be Mary, your roommate... the one that will be out of town." 

"An off-campus trailer?" she asked rather dreamily. "God, I'd love to be able to get away from the damned dorm, even for just the weekend. I envy you!" 

Somehow, it just rolled logically off my lips. "If you feel like a break, you could come out and visit me," I suggested. "Better than spending three days alone. With no car, it's not like I'm going to hike into town from the trailer park." In my naiveté, I missed the crafty look that crossed her face. 

"That sounds great," she smiled. "If it wouldn't be an inconvenience for you." 

"No inconvenience," I told her, gesturing at my book. "Trig and Bio, remember?" 

"English Lit," she told me, gesturing at hers. 

"Not a problem," I shrugged. "I wouldn't mind some company studying." 

"Hey, I could cook, if you want," she offered, and I suddenly realized that I had a golden opportunity to not only avoid the usual mess hall garbage, but the junk food I'd intended to live on as well. 

"Sure, that sounds great," I nodded. "I don't know what Jim's got, but if you want to pick something up, I'll reimburse you." 

"We'll split it," she told me. "I'll need the address." 

I gave it to her and told her I intended to go out there after class the next day. Jim would already be gone and wouldn't be back until Monday night. As far as I was concerned, she could come and go whenever she wanted. 

We didn't have personal computers back then, or cell phones, or game consoles, or DVDs or VHS cassette tapes, and not a lot of TV channels. Pretty primitive by today's standards, actually. 

Which meant reading, talking, drinking, drugs and/or sex (for the lucky ones). Or some kind of hobby. Mine happened to be masturbation. I was pretty good at it. 

We sat quietly and read, going through a couple more cups of coffee, and then I walked her back to the dorms, dropped her off at hers, then made my way back to mine. I'd gotten lucky at mid-term... my roommate had flunked out and I had the room all to myself. 

Not that it did me a lot of good. I would never have been able to sneak a girl up there, even if I had found a girl who wanted to be snuck. The privacy was nice, though, and I was grateful for it. I put together a backpack with extra clothes, my Dopp kit, my stash of medicinal flora and pharmaceuticals and some extra munchies. 

I refer to the dope and speed as medicinal because that's what I used them for... to treat my tendency towards premature ejaculation. To make my masturbatory sessions last longer than a minute and a half, I'd smoke the dope to inhibit ejaculation and pop the Dex to make sure I could stay erect. It mostly worked. 

So Friday afternoon, around 4pm, I thumbed a ride out to my buddy's trailer, about 2 miles out of town. I found the key where he said he'd left it and let myself in. Of course, the first thing I did was recon the fridge and the liquor cabinet. Beer, wine, and one bottle of Jack Daniels. Jim knew how to keep house! 

Oh, and a bunch of miscellaneous stuff, all within their expiration dates. It was a 2-bedroom trailer, so I threw my stuff in the larger bedroom... the Master bedroom, I guess, with the Queen bed... and settled in to see if there was anything worthwhile on the television. There wasn't. 

So I snooped around to see if I could find Jim's stash of girly mags. It took awhile, but I found them. I figured I'd treat myself to a good wank after dinner. A dinner which looked like it was going to be soup and grilled cheese sandwiches, based on what I could scrounge. 

I was just getting that all sorted out when there was a knock at the door. When I checked, it was Rose, with an overfull grocery bag. 

"Hi!" I told her, welcoming her in. "I didn't figure you'd come out until tomorrow." 

"I hope you don't mind," she sort of apologized. "I really wanted to get out of the dorm." 

"Not a problem," I assured her as I took the bag and started sorting things out in the kitchen. She had definitely come prepared, and with stuff I couldn't normally afford. But since I hadn't given her a spending limit, I didn't complain. "There isn't much on TV. I hope you won't be bored." 

"It's going to take me awhile to get dinner together," she smiled. "I'll worry about it later." 

"Have at it," I gestured at the kitchen, then moved to the living room and got out one of my notebooks. One of my other diversions was writing erotica. I had a pipe dream of graduating college, moving to the San Fernando valley and become a writer/director/producer of porn. 

After awhile, the smell of something delicious wafted in from the kitchen and I had to go check it out. To me, she'd really gone all out. Some kind of apple-smothered pork chops and mashed potatoes. Incredible. Even more so when we sat down to dinner ten minutes later. I was rapidly becoming convinced that inviting her out had been a great idea. 

After dinner, we shared the cleanup, then went back to the living room where I tried to do more writing while she channel surfed. Strangely, I found myself getting distracted by wondering what was under her baggy sweatshirt. The tight jeans made the bottom half obvious, but I really hadn't paid much attention to the top half, and now it had my attention. That, and the fact that she had her hair down in a loose ponytail that went almost to her ass. 

I gave up and put the notebook aside when she asked me to join her on the couch. She'd found a late show channel showing the old black and white movie It Happened One Night and she wanted to know if I wanted to watch it with her. I decided what the hell? and joined her. 

I wasn't even aware that we had drifted together during the movie, but by the end of it, I was sitting at one end of the couch with Rose tucked under my arm and her head on my chest. And she felt very comfortable there. 

"Would you like a drink or something?" she asked as she sort of self-consciously disentangled herself from me, got up and turned to head for the kitchen. 

"A glass of Jim's cheap Chablis would be great. Thank you." 

She returned with a tumbler and set it on the coffee table. 

"I'm going to grab a shower, if you don't mind," she told me. 

"Thanks," I told her. "Have at it. I'm probably going to crash some time soon. It's been a long day. Oh, and feel free to use whatever you need. If you go out, I'll have to let you back in since there's only one key. The spare bedroom's got stuff on the bed, but it looks like it can be moved. Whatever you want." 

Maybe I was tired, or maybe I was just that naive. I half expected her to go back to the dorm. Or maybe crash on the couch or use the second bed. I picked up my story again , but kept getting distracted by thoughts of what she might look like naked. Rubensesque, I figured. Zaftig. Plump. To my teenaged hormonal mind, possibly quite attractive, despite her somewhat unalluring visage. 

In any case, I finished the tumbler of wine and decided it was time to float off to bed. I shut off the TV and lights, and headed back towards the bedroom, stopping to take a leak and not stopping to think about where Rose might have gone. I didn't bother trying to find the light switch... I was fairly well lit as it was... and just stripped off my clothes and started to crawl in the bed. 

That's when I discovered where Rose had gone. 

"Um... hi." I came to a dead stop, half in, half out, and all naked. 

"Hi!" she greeted me brightly. "Come on in. We can share the bed, you know. It's big enough." 

"Uh, yeah... um, well... uh, it's just that usually I, uh..." 

"Usually you, uh, what?" she asked, mimicking me. 

"Um, well, uh... See, usually I sleep naked," I admitted. 

"That's okay. So do I!" she told me in that bright voice as she raised the covers to make it easier for me to slide in. And incidentally to reveal herself in all her glory. Or as much as I could see in the light filtering in the window. 

Of course, that was the same light that was revealing me, as I kind of hunched over at the side of the bed. 

Now, I will admit that I was a bit looped. And the 'proper' part of me wasn't thinking too clearly, while the not-so-proper part of me was thinking God, that looks like a comfortable pillow! You see, she was really round on top. And really round on the bottom. But what her loose sweatshirts never showed was the narrow waist in between. Which made her look like one of those fertility goddess statues. 

"Come on!" she encouraged me as I hovered there, staring. "I won't bite. Unless you want me to..." 

Okay, so I was freaking out a little, even as my little head took over and kept me easing into the bed. But it was moderately dark and I figured skinny shit me might not look too bad. So I eased on in and she dropped the covers over us. 

"Thanks for not freaking out," she told me as she settled back down into the bed. "I really like having a warm body to sleep with and I miss it terribly." 

"Who says I'm not freaking out?" I asked, partly trying to make it sound like a joke. 

"Well, you didn't run screaming from the room when you saw my naked body," she explained. "That's a good start. Oh, and I never asked you... do you like cushy women?" 

"Cushy women?" I was still working on being in bed with a naked female. She reached over, took my hand by my wrist and placed it on her big boob. 

"38F-28-40," she told me. "Do you like it? I think I make a pretty good pillow." 

Exactly what I was thinking. Actually, more like Holy shit! She put my hand on her tit! I hadn't ever had a girlfriend this aggressive. I took a chance and squished her breast a little with my fingers. Her nipple got really hard under my palm. 

"I think you're probably right," I told her. 

"Well, c'mon then," she told me and kind of pulled me to her. I eased up against her and she was soft and round and warm and... and I was starting to get hard. This was going to be Embarrassment City very soon. She reached her hand out in the dark and stroked my beard, then ran her hand softly down my chest to my abdomen. 

"Ooh, nice..." she virtually purred. "Wiry. Strong." 

Wiry isn't how I would have described me. I was 6'1" and 135 lbs. Nearly zero body fat. If I stuck out my tongue and turned sideways, you could mistake me for a zipper. Strong, yeah, okay. I was a lot stronger than I looked. Partly from swimming and gymnastics, partly because I was just born that way. Good genetics. 

Rose eased her hand down a little farther and I held my breath. 

"Ooh... and hung, too..." she added as her thumb and fingers encircled my rigid cock. That part was good genetics, too. She stroked me a couple of times, getting me dangerously close, then stopped. Slowly she ran her hand back up to my face and turned me to her. 

"Close your eyes and pretend I'm someone who isn't ugly," she told me, then pulled me down into a deep kiss. 

For some reason, the word 'ugly' bothered me. I don't think I would have ever used it. Plain, maybe, or like I said before, homely. But not ugly. And I didn't have any problem getting lost in her sensuous lips and wet probing tongue. Nor the scent of whatever shampoo she used. Nor the feel of her big boobs and plump thighs pressing into me. 

In fact, she felt pretty damned exciting. Too exciting. 

I rolled her onto her back as we continued to kiss, and covered her about halfway with my lanky frame, so that I could play with her tits and pussy while we made out. I loved the "cushy" feeling of her breast in my hands, but my downfall was when I drifted my hand down to her mons, to try to find her clit and give it some attention. 

The first surprise was that she was shaven bare as a baby's behind. She was the first one I'd run into and the feeling, the smoothness, excited the hell out of me, especially when I thought about going down on her and not coughing up fur balls. 

The second surprise was that she was absolutely soaking wet. Copious amounts of lubrication. That, coupled with the perfectly smooth texture did me in. I came. On her thigh. 

I don't think it is possible to describe how incredibly furious I was at myself. My PE problem had just ruined my night, and probably my weekend, since I had to be hugely disappointing to her. I would probably have characterized myself as a One-shot Wonder. Once I came, that was it for the night. 

And I wasn't keeping it to myself. My string of muttered invectives were superb. A work of art in self-chastisement. Enough so that Rose clamped her hand over my mouth, threw back the covers and started sliding away from me.   

Oh, great! I remember thinking. Now you've really pissed her off. She's going to go clean up and then find somewhere else to sleep. 

She went to go clean up alright, but it wasn't her. She slid down my body until she got to my deflating manhood, or what was left of him, then wrapped her hand around him and sucked him into her mouth, sticky and all. 

If she hadn't been parked over me, I would have gone screaming to the ceiling and it would have taken a wrecking crew to pry me loose. As it was, I gave out a huge involuntary groan. When I could finally focus, I tried coherent speech. 

"What are you doing?" I managed to get out. I'd honestly never had this happen before. 

"Cleaning up," she smiled. "There's got to be more where that came from." Then she went back down on me. I was so incredibly sensitive, having just cum, that it was almost like torture. But torture that I wanted. In five minutes, her wonderful mouth had worked a miracle and for the first time, other than by my own hand, I came a second time. 

And she swallowed. All of it. When she finally let up on my detumescing cock, she looked up at me with a smile and told me, "damn, you taste good!" 

She was seriously rearranging my mind, and had me wiped out to boot. She slid out of bed, telling me she'd be right back, and I lay there wondering at God's sense of humor. Absolutely the best sex I had had to date was with a homely tag-along who faded into the background around other people and made herself pretty invisible. 

And she referred to herself as ugly. I didn't know if that was because that's how she saw herself, or because that's how she thought others saw her. She may have dressed in baggy, unassuming clothes, but having seen and felt her naked, to me she was definitely not ugly. 

And she deserved the same kind of attention she'd shown me, if not more so. I resolved to do exactly that on her return. She came back with two bottles of cold water from the fridge and no trace of my cum on her thigh. I gratefully accepted the water as she climbed back in bed. 
